Chapter 33
“Dr. Watson, this social call has nothing to do with any fabricated-“
She shook her head. “It’s not me who has to decide, John. It’s you.”
Reporters huddled around the outside, creating a circle of vultures between them and the entrance. When John pushed open the door and climbed out, Sherlock following behind him, the vultures descended.
John caught the detective smirking into his eggs before leaving the kitchen altogether. He padded into the loo, closing the door behind him. Swiftly, John stripped out of his clothes that did carry traces of Sherlock’s cologne. It even lingered on his skin. He quickly turned on the shower tap, waiting for the water to warm.
“Not like this case. Better not keep him waiting. Holmes wait for nothing,” stated Greg. “Bye.”
But that still didn’t stop Moran’s fist grazing against John’s cheek. A fresh wave of blood flooded into his mouth as skin meshed into teeth.
“It’s not nonsense.”
His answer seemingly wouldn’t have matter much, because the older Holmes continued.
John fixed a hand around Sherlock’s cock, teasingly moved his hand down the hardened silk shaft. Both their breaths hitched. John continued the motion trying different pressure to see what Sherlock liked. The motion was dry. John rubbed his thumb over the slit, smearing the precum to make the glide smoother, and it helped. But John knew that wasn’t enough, it wouldn’t have been for him.
Live Nudes In Charcoal
John only nodded. “Yeah, a bit not good. The rigor set in about six, at latest, eight hours ago.”
John cleared his throat. His eyes flickered between Sherlock’s eyes, and the frown of Sherlock’s lips. He knew Sherlock well enough, better than most people do. Well… to be precise, John knew Sherlock intimately, having lived with Sherlock in close proximity longer than anyone else to know when sulk was coming, or what karate-chopping the fridge meant. Knew him intimately as of recently, physically how Sherlock felt under his hands, but still this question seemed to mean something else.
“No. I’ve been informed that I have remarkable cheekbones.”
There was a distinctive chirp, one that made John’s eyes unite to Sherlock’s, recognition on both of their faces; Sherlock’s mobile in the office. John stood and his mobile buzzed in his pocket. He ignored it. Complaints sounded through the classroom as Sherlock bolted to his feet. John definitely didn’t watch his pale backside disappear into the office.
“Don’t worry about Sherlock, he’s always like that. How about your name first? Then you can tell us about your sister and why you came here.”
Good thing the water was going on the chilly side, cooling his body temperature down, keeping his erection in check.
“You mean to look for hidden clues. It didn’t blow up, so no hidden clues there.”
“To tell me his dull, boring life story, waste of time, really. Was crime scene more interesting?”
And she did sound very pleased for them, regardless of their current situation.
It was Greg’s tone that made John realize what he just said and who to. That tone has escaped his own lips before, defending Sherlock. Greg was a man that who has seen Mycroft without his ‘government’ front, the man behind the facade. Much like John knows Sherlock. At this moment he knew he wasn’t being any better than the people who made fun of Sherlock. John didn’t know Mycroft well enough to make passing as such. Essentially, he was being a right arse, even if Mycroft was being an arse to him.
Sherlock turned, to face John. “What would you label it otherwise? Considering we agreed to be ‘all-in’, being ‘in a relationship’ seems appropriate, wouldn’t you agree? Or do you have a problem with that label?”
The back of John’s head connected with the doorway in a burst of surprise agony. His backside protested with pain when he landed on the floor. His back, where his gun was, had the same compliant-.
John shook his head, and coughed. “Harry.”
John cleared his throat. “No, let ‘A.J’ speak, Rose.” He bit sharply, emphasizing the name ‘Rose’ because apparently he was deemed a special kind of idiot who couldn’t make the connection. Mary had named their daughter after herself. He bit the inside of his cheek. There was nothing he could do about that now. Right at this very moment, he needed to know something else.
“Well, we talked about where you went...um…seeing things with eyes…and uh…choices.”
His head throbbed in complaint as he lifted his head, stirring into full consciousness. The last thing John recalled was being attacked inside Mrs. Hudson’s flat, kicked, and blacking out, leaving Sherlock sleeping upstairs.
Lestrade flipped through his notebook, “Call in at 7:30 pm. A bus arrived at 7:35.”
“Snogging. I thought it was obvious.”
John watched in silence as the anger melted from Sherlock’s face to blank perfection, he could only guess what Mycroft had said in order for Sherlock to change so quickly. He didn’t like it one bit. John pulled the phone from Sherlock’s hand, and placed it to his ear, only catching the tail end of the conversation. He held the detective away with his other free hand, avoiding the long arms that reached for his mobile.
John narrowed his eyes. “Drama queen? Says the one shouting around the flat for someone to wait on you! You know what, you could’ve said something to her, explain that I wasn’t groping you. Instead, you just laid there being…being an utter cock!”
Moriarty clammed his mouth shut, pressing his lips together, and make a show to lock his mouth shut. He threw the imaginary key into the water. But dark eyes glittered happily, still looking as if he had won something. Moriarty wasn’t allowed to feel that way; John wouldn’t give him that.
“No. How much longer? At this rate, I could run there faster.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“NO!”
“Don’t give me that, Sherlock Holmes. As I recall, you thought your morning tea magically appeared.”
To that, John opened his eyes and giggled, clearly a bit high with the whole situation. He was getting sucked off in the kitchen, and he would much rather have Sherlock blow up the kitchen this way. His trousers were hugging his knees, in the bright afternoon light, after they’ve confessed to loving each other. It was surreal. He giggled a bit more and lazily smiled down at Sherlock.
John stopped abruptly to avoid crashing into Sherlock as he whirled around to face Lestrade. “That’s not the question anymore, Detective Inspector! The question is how and why did he escape? Why now? Sebastian Moran, caught on camera, at a row of flats where a murder happens to be, and could potentially be linked to the other crimes! It’s not a trail; it’s a trap! ”
“I don’t know yet. I was waiting for a call.”
True to Sherlock’s word, they entered into the cafeteria. They fell into cue with other students grabbing their own food as well. Sherlock hovered over John’s shoulder and answered. “The serial killer, John.”
Soft footsteps echoed up the stairwell, and the door leading to the kitchen creaked open. Mrs. Hudson smiled brightly at them. Her purple dress swayed as she carried in a tray and landed it on the empty side of the kitchen table. John’s side of the table was always cleaned with rules in order to prevent another chemical stain in the wood.
Over Sherlock’s shoulder, grey-green eyes fixed on John with a look that John was all too familiar with. It was Sherlock’s look of stubbornness, and perspective certainty. Or basically knowing that he’s always right.
Sherlock didn’t drink the tea or eat the breakfast that John made.
Scars on Sherlock’s back flashed through John’s mind. “I have an idea of it. Sherlock need to know everything. Moriarty, the other sibling, everything.”
John grinned. Something pounded in his chest. Elated. Excitement. Perfection. Only Sherlock would know that he would want to be all in. He had been since day one. Since Bart’s. Since that stupid wink. Since Angelo’s (where he had not been flirting). Since giggling at the crime scene. He met Sherlock’s grey eyes.
A part of John waited for the pain in the arse familiar black car to kidnap him from the roadside. It could try. All of these methods only cemented John’s resolve.
Green eyes glared upwards from the grey body and that was all the answer that John needed. He walked hastily out into the corridor. John waited with his back against the white walls. Minutes later, Molly joined him, missing her bloodied clothes from earlier. Her red, black and blue jumper brightened up the muted tone in the corridor. “Well…I see that you found him,” she greeted with a smile. “Was everything okay?”
John narrowed his eyes, and furrowed his brow together. Silence grew within aquatic center. John could feel sweat growing behind his knees as he stared at Moriarty. Was it another trick in one form or another? He could be overthinking the situation, but in any way he’s glad to be the one with a gun in his hand.
‘It’s done. –MH’
The glare of yellow street lamp reflected off of the golden tack across the door as the cab pulled up to Baker Street. When John moved to pay, the cabbie waved them off, stating that it had been taken care of. They hurried inside. John coughed behind his hand to hide a chuckle when Sherlock cursed his brother’s name again as they climbed the stairs.
John was rubbing his hands on Sherlock’s hips, down his legs to soothe the trembling man- when Sherlock pulled his left hand towards the detective’s cock. It was flushed, and hard. Gently, John gave a few experimental tugs on Sherlock’s cock, earning high-pitched moans no one will ever get to hear. He pulled Sherlock down against his chest and moved his hand to touched where they were connected. Tracing the rim of Sherlock’s entrance, he looked up at the man, frowning, before closing his eyes again.
“Not since yesterday morning.”
His fist slammed against the wooden desk, making his computer and other office trinkets rattle. His eyes still read over the words. Sherlock was gone. Disappeared. It wouldn’t be the first time that he’s eluded from every one. However, this time, he was probably getting a fix in the slums somewhere. Damn! He had told Sherlock that he would help him. He was a bloody doctor! Helping people was what he did! But what good could he be if Sherlock never let him help? John’s frustration grew. He slammed his fist down again; a jar full of pens toppled over, scattering across his desk and onto the floor. Ignoring the mess, John stood, stomping around the small room. He pressed the call button on his mobile phone.
To his surprise, Mary lowered her gun with a sigh. “Because only one person in this entire world is allowed to kill Sherlock Holmes. Anyone else tries or does, without his direct orders, answers to him.”
“I know what you’re feeling myself. I had a bit of same problem with my ex-wife-”
John nodded because he had seen them briefly when he followed Lestrade to find Sherlock. “I saw a flash of the sign but I was more set on finding you.”
John turned around and finished cooking breakfast, muttering curses as he went.
Or on the other hand, they could be completely barmy because it could have simply been Mycroft again and took care of Sherlock’s drug supply box. Boundaries were never a thing to follow in the past either. And this could possibly his backhanded way of telling John that he had the information. Hell, this could be another backhanded test that Mycroft did to test his loyalty to Sherlock.
“I’m married, Sherlock. What happened…it was a bit not good. Even if Mary isn’t here.”
“Yes?” he squeaked. Oh yes, John knew that he was completely mental. He hadn’t squeaked since puberty. He cleared his throat, hoping to salvage any look of sanity.
John pressed on after the glance. There was zero sense in marveling over his wounds as it may not matter much in the end. Sunlight shone on his face, but he couldn’t feel any warmth. Couldn’t feel much for that matter. Which was fine. Perfectly fine, in the instance that he knew either himself or Moriarty would be snuffed from this day by nightfall.
Disclaimer: I don't own Sherlock
Working the case with flirting, jealously, and a sudden realization in the mix.
“If you joined the Yard, it wouldn’t be a problem,” Lestrade joked with a grin.
The message on the mobile surfaced in his thoughts…
“Do you even know what the message is?”
John’s forehead smashed into Moran’s chest as Moran took the brunt of the tackle, landing on the tar road with a wheezed groan. Good because John still used the skills from his old rugby days. Tackling criminals was something he was very well versed- in; thanks to the Work he did with Sherlock. John scrambled up Moran’s body, getting leverage to deliver a punch. But he paused at the stunned look on Moran’s face, and the man’s arms uselessly sprawled on the road.
“And?” It was all John could voice out in a whisper without lashing out or breaking down.
Reflecting in the yellow rays from the sun through the open windows was his wedding band. John recoiled back, feeling the stab of rawness from his failed marriage, and the uncertainty of the situation. He bolted to his feet, and fled to lean on the doorway between the kitchen and living room. He focused on breathing for a minute, unaware that he had been breathing heavily in the first place. John cleared his throat.
John inhaled, cringing at the awful twist of his stomach to fresh air, even if the two bodily organs didn’t necessarily relate to one another. Sherlock’s snappish voice barked at the other voices as they moved away from the dreadful scene. Sherlock guided him down the stairs until he had managed to rebuild himself, but his leg still wasn’t having it. Dimly, he recalled still having a death grip on Sherlock’s arm while answering Lestrade’s questions.
“What is a date? Your definition of a date.”
Secrets, Discoveries, Threats
Live Nudes In Charcoal
“I don’t know,” John answered with a shrug. “Sherlock wouldn’t have mentioned New Scotland Yard if he thought they couldn’t handle it. File a missing person report, that’s your best bet.”
“You don’t mind, do you?” Moran asked John, tossing the rest of the pack to into his lap, joining the gun still pointed at John.
“Under my pillow.”
“It could’ve never happened.”
The detective growled- literally growled in frustration. “Oh yes! That lead with the suicidal jumper vanished! Disappeared! The moment you retreated into the hallway!”
John switched to the other body, taking the silent hint to switch places. Long dark hair spilled over the white sidewalk. Eyes glassy. He looked over the grey skin with practice and ease. Same time of death as the other victim. This time, blood spread the front of the victim, over the heart. The blood had stained the green pea coat a dark brown. With this injury, the victim’s death was quicker. Other girl had suffered more. He rolled his eyes when he spotted Sherlock sniffing the second body.
The car and Mycroft stopped at the same time. John glanced through the car window, seeing the pale blue lights of the Indian restaurant flashing over the pavement. Mycroft had news about Sherlock’s mission, the one that he left John for. John swallowed heavily. The lump in his throat remained. He turned his head, meeting Mycroft’s eyes. “What about it?”
John watched as a cab pulled over to the curb. It was like magic every time. The cabbie never pulled over for him alone. It had to be Sherlock. Thunder crashed overhead, the finer raindrops grew into heavy cold splatters. John could feel the frozen droplets slither down through his hair, matting down the product he used before running down his face. He shivered when he dove into the cab after Sherlock. John slammed the door closed behind him.
Live Nudes In Charcoal
In twenty steps, they reached the landing. The door creaked slowly closed from the previous impact. John’s heart pounded in his chest, definitely wishing... He paused at the sight of his gun in Sherlock’s hand.
“Yes, I get that but-”
“You never did-” John murmured, ending with a moan. “Answer.”
“But they are imbeciles!”
He sighed and walked over to the nightstand, talking as he went.
“Is it the same killer then?” John asked, looking between Sherlock and Lestrade. “Could it just be another murderer, a different one?”
John covered the mouthpiece and cursed. He could hear his name being called through the other end of the receiver. John raised the mobile back to his ear with a sigh, “You’re right, there’s no sense in lying to him. So, text me if he suddenly appears all right? I have other calls to make.”
“It seems that hearing from me aids him in staying focused on the task.”
‘Before everything’, meant John’s own mistakes of marrying a woman he barely knew, blinded by the heartache that Sherlock had left him behind. He felt untrusted, unwanted, and deep down, back then, he knew that was the reason why he married her – spite Sherlock, to cover up weaknesses he will never admit to. His hands fisted Sherlock’s suit jacket, probably ruining the sleek lines with the indentions of his fingernails. He didn’t care.
A scream echoed through the lab from the mobile. Pain twitched through his leg, John shifted his weight, being careful not to jostle Sherlock or the mobile. The camera pulled away, putting Hageman in full frame. John saw the complete state of injuries now. Both legs were broken too. Someone had dragged Mr. Hageman from his holding cell into the room. The angle zoomed in again.
“Why not? Been in the back of one before?”
Then slowed.
“If any underclass criminals were to come in, the skull would be avoided.”
“You’re worrying too much.” Sherlock grinned at him, darkened curls hung down wildly, freed from John’s hands. He nodded his head towards the left. “I won’t need to if you look at the bedside table.”
Ah. And there was the Holmes interference front again. John bent down, partly glancing back at the homeless network, “You can tell them I’m not interested in-”
The game was on.
“Italian.”
John couldn’t leave Sherlock. Not after everything he was told. He couldn’t allow Sherlock to step away from him. He would hold Sherlock to his promise, of never leaving him behind.
John arched his eyebrow, smirking. “You seemed taken with the idea while I was in your bed.”
Sherlock’s deep laughter joined his. “I didn’t know…that was unexpected.”
That comment made Sherlock snort. “While I appreciate your attempts at humor to forgo the question, it still stands. Do you or do you not see me? And you know the context of which I’m speaking, so spare me the idiotic performance and the matching expression. Do you want me?”
A/N: I want to thank my beta englandwouldfalljohn(The Lady Althaea). This story is still coming, and enter 'the typical busy excuse here'. Sorry! Just hang in there.
-Sherlock was also down there, glaring at his own knees.
“Give me a minute, Sherlock,” he huffed while his laughter subsided into smaller giggles.
Chapter 28
He quickly stripped AJ of his black trousers, and pulled them on himself. John put on AJ’s shoes as well. The trousers were a bit tight in the crotch and the shoes pinched, but at least he wasn’t starkers anymore. And blissfully, Mrs. Hudson couldn’t remark about anything else.
“Of course.” John could almost hear Molly nodding her head. “I’m sorry.”
“Because, your killer is still here,” answered Sherlock.
His shout overlapped with the slam of his hands on the table, jarring the handcuffs that kept him pinned. The chair slapped against the floor when the man leapt to his feet. “You can’t leave.”
“Not bruises! How could…Charcoal!”
John wasn’t a man who would turn down the wonderful, perfect offer of taking Sherlock to bed twice. He wasn’t going to. No way in hell. He wasn’t an idiot…
John scrolled through his contacts and hit the call button. It rang twice before Molly’s chipper voice answered.
His footsteps echoed as he rounded a corner and crashed into Sherlock. John’s eyes roamed over the unruffled detective. “I thought you went to the lab.”
Things were looking up for them.
The moment seemed to have faded away, because whatever Sherlock was about to say, it was replaced with, “It’s probably just Mycroft.”
A/N: Well? How was that? Please leave comments/kudos/and-or bookmarks!
John nodded in understanding. For some, it seemed that children could do nothing but bring a sense of shame to their parents, even over something that they couldn’t help being themselves. His own experiences with his father, and sister left much to be undesired growing up in the Watson household. Saying ‘I’m not Gay’ was easier, offered his father something like reassurance after dealing with the repercussions of Harry’s coming out. Perhaps that was one of the many reasons that he was so accustomed to war.
‘What the hell were you thinking?’
“SophistiCats.”
“I hadn’t noticed.”
“I’m fine, John.”
John pulled his jumper over his head, his voice muffled as he spoke. “Missing dinner or force feeding you breakfast?” he asked, and then added. “Besides a bit early to talk about ‘spending the night together.’ Even you should know what that means. And you haven’t even kissed me yet.” He hesitated, “unless you don’t…”
Any more questions that whirled in John’s mind disappeared when the violin stopped. Soft padding of footfalls across the flat, then Sherlock appeared in the doorway, shedding his dressing gown.
The sting of tears gathered at the corners of his eyes. The baby’s helpless cries echoed in his head. Something firm and warm grabbed his shoulders. John looked up, finding Sherlock’s sharp grey eyes in the blurry haze. He felt the world shift under his feet and he grasped handfuls of the dark coat, clinging to Sherlock in a rare moment of helplessness. Sherlock was here. He had seen worst than this. Experienced worst. But this was a child. Something innocent.
He nodded sharply and walked out the door into the noisy classroom. The door clinked softly behind him. His eyes landed on an empty chair and canvas in back. He sat down, not making eye contact with the student in a baseball cap next to him.
Long legs wrapped around John’s waist, pinning their hardness against each other. John felt Sherlock freeze underneath him. He moved away from the neck, pulled at the detective’s hair to turn Sherlock’s face towards him. Mouth open fixed, eyes closed, face flushed with sheen of sweat on the darkened brow. John followed the pleasure seconds later, thrusting his hips against Sherlock one last time.
“I know.”
“Someone remarked about my hands once. I was just high on painkillers at the time but I thought the comment was odd. Then again, the whole situation was a bit… unusual.”
Suddenly, John stepped back when Sherlock rolled back on the computer chair. The detective stood, pulling his belstaff coat tighter around his frame. John righted, straightened up as if they were going into war. Or at least, battle.
Smiling, John shook his head. “No, thank you for the offer though. I should be getting back home. Goodbye then and good luck.”
Sherlock huffed at him. John met steel grey eyes with a triumphant grin but Sherlock didn’t seemed pleased for being caught out. Instead, Sherlock’s expression slowly morphed into the cold mask that John hadn’t missed once since they started talking back at the flat. Solemnly, john straightened up. His hands fell to his side as he stood with attention, preparing for a ‘domestic’. One that could end in harsh words, and him storming out the flat when Sherlock was in a snit.
“Hello, John. I was beginning to wonder when you were going to join me. Are you going to help me get undressed?”
“Irrelevant,” John mocked lowly. Something heavy was draped in his waiting arms. Sherlock’s coat, John judged from the weight of it. Something lighter fell over his shoulder, perhaps Sherlock’s scarf. John continued, “ I wouldn’t say that’s irrelevant; you’re going to stark naked in front of at least twenty people, Sherlock. This is nude modeling, not someone drawing your portrait, or a bowl of fruit. Nude? Naked? Mean anything to you?”
“What’s going on?”
“Alright.”
John’s fists trembled by his sides. His bad knee buzzing as he shifted footing, he listened as Lestrade flipped through his notebook, “Kyle Izard, the boyfriend of six years. He found the victim, Oliver Martin, the famous pants model after his shift at The Landmark. I have officers confirming his story now.”
The car started moving again when Mycroft answered, “Not for certain. But parts of the web are rebuilding. Sherlock’s game is being played, whether he wants to or not. Do you understand the danger that he could possible be in?”
Suddenly, narrowed grey-blue eyes met his; almost seeming like Sherlock knew what he was thinking from the distance across the room. He didn’t want to have this discussion right now. He swallowed everything that he was feeling and focused. The Work. The case. John arched an eyebrow in his direction, hoping that he would be able to answer the wordless question. ‘Anything yet?’
“Sherlock’s life for Rosemund’s safety.”
John walked to the boot, turned the key to open it. He put on a calm demeanor for the hostage cabbie, getting ready to explain, despite his appearance, he was a doctor and would help. But, there was no cabbie, only a black bag, still open as if Moran was too much in a rush to close it, showing an array of weaponry.
John snorted, peaking into the living room where Sherlock stood in front of the window, rubbing the back of his head with the violin bow. “ Yes, and she also found you attractive along with a waitress at Angelo’s.”
John shook the water dripping down from his hair onto his forehead. His fingertip swirled over the skin, he watched as it fluttered at him, almost as if Sherlock’s body was giving permission, tempting his finger to breach the entrance. He circled around carefully, dipping his thumb inside, earning a shuddered gasp from Sherlock.
“I know that, but I know I heard something.”
When it was obvious AJ was finished talking, John broke the silence with a spiteful jab. “Your scar, one of the high bidders job gone wrong then?”
“Sherlock…”
Greg huffed and ran his hand through his hair. “I really wouldn’t call blackmail a conversation, mate. Going out for pints and chatting about sports is a conversation. Hell, even chatting about the weather counts.”
He quickly jotted down all the names as Lestrade answered. “A new love interest, apparently. They’ve been together for about week now.”
John huffed again and offered tiredly. “Probably knew that you would refuse it.”
With another fifteen minutes in the cab, and John mumbling under his breath about the traffic, the cab had finally stopped outside of New Scotland Yard. John tossed a couple of notes to the front seat from the cab ride as soon as the cab pulled up to the pavement.
“An accident on the road to the prison. The driver had a likeness to Moran, swapped out of his clothing and sent to prison instead.”
Arms fixed around him. John reached Sherlock in returned. He rested his face against Sherlock’s chest, where he could hear the steady drum of the detective’s beating heart. They were alive.
Most people couldn’t see Sherlock, couldn’t see the heart of the man behind the brain. There was a kind and loving man behind the persona that Sherlock wore like his coat around clients, the detectives at New Scotland Yard, and his brother. John saw him, as Sherlock, the detective, and the heart with a brilliant mind, as a whole soul made for John and him alone. From what was a rough declaration this morning, full Sherlock’s intentions, this kiss was John’s - of his thanks, his understanding, and his want.
His teasing was apparently ignored. Or it was tuned out. A peace settled over them as Sherlock’s rapid typing echoed in the room. It was a sense of normalcy, or as much normalcy as one can have living with Sherlock. Despite still being pissed about Sherlock’s drugs- John was happy. He had missed this. He realized just then that as long as they were together, they could get through anything. The word ‘together’ echoed within his head, prying into his earlier feelings. Before he could delve further, Mrs. Hudson’s voice and the sound of footsteps echoed through the closed door. Then a knock rapped on the door, following Mrs. Hudson’s face peering into the flat.
“You don’t have to be a bastard about it.”
John shared a look with Molly when Sherlock stalked over to the cold chambers and dove into work by yanking a small door open and pouring over the jumper’s body from last night. John caught Molly’s eye. She nodded out to the corridor. John nodded back in understanding before turning back to Sherlock joining in on the examination of the body from the other side of the slab. “Do you need anything, Sherlock?”
When he opened his eyes, John caught Sherlock’s eyes, full of permission, desire, love, and want--need.
“Let me.”
“And if I choose to pursue you? Mycroft’s blackmail wouldn’t have worked.”
“Their landlord reported her missing. Brunette victim, Laura Pruit. Through pictures on her social media, we determined the second victim to be Merry Mollet. Both students were at the university; we are getting a warrant for their schedules. They shared a flat nearby, were late on the rent. We looked over the flat while you were-”
“There’s a floor right there, a perfect spot for sitting. You should stop moving.” John snapped, he motioned his gun to the floor.
Moran shrugged, but didn’t argue John’s words. “I can’t go back empty handed, or show I was overpowered. I’m better off dead to him if I couldn’t play my part.”
John opened his eyes and chose his next words carefully. “So, you’re basically saying there was nothing I could do? So, I should stop feeling guilty about it? It was a human life. I didn’t care about the suspect…”
John snapped back into reality and added, “And Mycroft told you.”
John shook his head. “I’m not wearing some bloke’s dirty pants.”
John turned away from the waters edge and to the owner of the familiar baritone. Sherlock was there, standing immaculate as always, who had escaped his brother’s watchful eye after all. Long limbs carried his detective towards him, and a pale hand caught his own. The hand tightened around John’s hand either holding him back, or forgiving him, he wasn’t certain.
"Fond" Sibling bashing, Sherlock's one more deduction, twist and turns of the case nearly close to being solved.... or is it?
“It’s an interesting thought, lives end, and once it’s over, it’s not the person in death that will miss it, but the people that were left behind.” John groaned when a warm tongue licked over his collarbone. The fabric of John’s cotton vest stretched with soft crinkles as Sherlock exposed his ruined shoulder completely to the sun lit bedroom. John exhaled, and threw his head back when gentle kisses peppered over the ugly silver webbings. Nimble fingers followed the pathways of scar tissue caused by the secondary infection. John bit his lip when a warm tongue crossed over the pathways.
“Not hungry. You know I don’t eat on a case.”
John chuckled to hide the shiver that Sherlock’s breath had sent across his skin. He removed his hand from Sherlock’s knee. Long limbs pulled away, leaving John cold from the lack of body heat. The covers had probably been lost in the night. The feeling in his hand throbbed from the change of angle.
John cleared his throat and leaned against the doorframe. Arms folded across his chest. “He wants to lure you out. Isn’t this what Mycroft warned you about?”
“And planning fixes around my schedule and getting high might have something to do with it,” John added to inform Greg, so the DI could also be on ‘Team Clean’ with him, Mycroft, and Molly. Sherlock sighed when Lestrade glared at him. “Yes, John, but that’s not important. What is important is just how did Sebastian Moran escaped prison.”
“Yes, but does he know how long you have been out of leads before last night? That in fact, you were lost as soon as you looked over their house. Instead, when he is at the clinic, you have been passing the time chasing your next fix and quenching your boredom.”
“If you can find something to tie him with,” he answered, thinking of the wasted tatters of rope they had just cut through. John kept an eye on the doorway, waiting as the heel clicks grew faster. “Maybe just the hands and feet.”
John swallowed the lump his throat, swelling by the second from Moriarty’s indifference. Moran was a prick… maybe a lot more than that, but killing him would have pleased Moriarty. John was glad that he didn’t, but he rather wished he had done more than just trapping him in the boot of a cab.
John reached into bedside table drawer and pulled out another sleeve of condoms. He took his fingers away from Sherlock’s entrance, earning a groan in complaint from Sherlock.
John rolled his eyes. “Don’t be too pleased. I do believe he paid for our take-out.”
Sherlock raised an eyebrow at John, giving him a look that wordlessly said, ‘See?’ out loud Sherlock said, “Continue.”
“Dr. Watson?”
John stared out the windows, looking at the grey sky for a moment. Then he started forward, marching out the clinic doors with focus. He hailed a cab as he found the next person in his phone to call. It was ringing when he climbed in.
“I think we like it up here,” countered the suspect with a laugh and a small dance. The uneven footing made John nervous and he cringed, fighting his urge to tackle the man down, and help the baby that so desperately wanted to return back to its mother. To a person offering warmth, comfort, and home. He took another tiny step towards the ledge when the suspect wasn’t paying attention.
He walked away before he could hear whether the cabbie said something else. Swiftly, he unlocked the door and walked down to Mrs. Hudson’s flat. “Mrs. Hudson? Are you there?”
“We’ve played this game before, John. The pool for an example.”
“Now, we are ready to go,” he whispered, when he could hear telltale clicks in the distance. He pushed up the sleeves of Sherlock’s dressing and rolled them up. The last thing he wanted was a scorched hand.
Wordlessly, he pulled Sherlock to his feet. The detective grabbed the sleeve of his jumper, leading them into his bedroom. John turned around as Sherlock’s nimble fingers made quick work of his silver shirt. He pulled his jumper over his head. There was a spark of humor under the grief. This was second time today that he’d pulled his clothes off in front of Sherlock. The third time that he’d granted privacy for the detective. He placed his gun on the nearest nightstand. When he stripped down to his pants, John climbed into Sherlock’s bed and under the covers.
“He overheard everything.”
“But I didn’t damage it. It attracts attention.”
John bit the inside of his cheek. He had left, not wanting to know more, unwilling to open himself to the tension and heat between Sherlock and himself. When he was gone, Sherlock and Irene-did they? The woman was dead and jealously still burned where Irene Adler was concerned. She, of all people, knew before he did, because it was her nature to know. She also probably knew because she felt the same way as he did for Sherlock. She was the only other person to make Sherlock react that way.
The three men stood before the crime scene.
“And Sebastian Moran is not spidery enough?”
John snorted at Sherlock’s grin. “Contain your excitement, Sherlock. You’re worrying the cabbie. Let’s just get to the crime scene before you get us kicked out of here and then we really do have to walk in the rain.”
A/N: Thank for all the comments/kudos/ and bookmarks. They've been lovely and I love hearing feedback for this fic. I want to also thank my beta: Whitehart for looking over the chapters.
“I could break your legs too,” John added lightly, as if were just an afterthought. “I thought you would want those for cases though.”
“I’ll make you some bacon too if we have some,” John retorted. “I expect you to eat!”
There was a small knock on the door, stopping John’s protests that he wouldn’t be able to do this. He could hardly face Sherlock now without drooling on the carpet. How was he supposed to keep a level head out there? The noisy chatter from the other side made his stomach twist with familiar, darkened emotion.
Chapter 15
“How do you think it’s unlike her?” John prompted. His blue eyes met Sherlock’s, and the dark-haired man nodded slightly. “Are you and…”
John stood; his knee ached a bit as he snapped off his gloves. He met Sherlock’s eyes which wordlessly asked him if he was okay. If he was up for the case. John nodded. Sherlock stalked through the flat and into the corridor. John followed. The confused inspector was directly behind.
Jealously.
“Yes, John. But if I carry it, it ruins the line of the suits.” stated Sherlock from behind, a lot closer than just from the kitchen. John whirled around, finding the detective in the doorway. Grinning at him, with his billfold between slender fingers.
“Sherlock-” started John while leaning against the counter, uncertain how to proceed next. He watched Sherlock’s face, waiting for any acknowledgement, whether it be a flicker of eye movement, or a gentle tilt of the head. They needed to talk! John needed to talk about it. Moriarty was alive, and they were trying to pretend like everything was normal again. It was a normalcy that they couldn’t afford, again.
“John, you’re being-”
John giggled anyway, despite knowing the reason why they were there. When the cab stopped, Sherlock flew out of the car. John paid the cabbie, and apologized. He followed Sherlock, reaching his side when Lestrade came over to the edge of the police tape.
“Because I saw you with my own eyes.”
“Spoken like a overprotective boyfriend. Booooring! You’re just proving the point, you morooon! In the end, it will always be him and I. We are gods among men, flying in high in the sky. You’re just a sliver of ordinary, a boring staying alive peon.”
John lowered his hands, tilted his head back so Sherlock had more room to work. He could still taste Sherlock on his lips when he licked them. He could hear his own pulse pounding heavily in his ears, in his chest, and in his head. The pulse thumped through his body like a deep bass to music, and the volume increased as the row of buttons decreased, opening to reveal his white well-worn vest underneath.
Sherlock’s words made him pause. John exhaled and leaned back in his chair. His eyes found the bar. The woman wasn’t looking at him, but sipping on her drink. Looking at her, she was fairly attractive and could have anyone in the restaurant. When her eyes found his and winked, a surprising jolt went through him.
John cleared his throat, straightening his back. His eyes focused on the wall before him. “The scar? You really want to see that?”
He walked across the road, peering into cars casually. John was now regretting not letting Sherlock teach him how to hot wire a car, even if it was with YouTube videos on a quiet, ‘Sherlock strop level of boredom’ evening. Instead, he looked for the best car, and prayed to every deity he knew that there would be a spare key underneath. Or the simplest hope of an unlocked door from a careless owner.
The inspector sighed. “No ID on the jumper. No murder weapon to link back to Martin. No fingerprints.”
“Sherlock?” he whispered.
“It’s the closest to the angels that we’ll ever get,” continued the figure, a dark head tipped down to the baby. “You both don’t seem to understand yet, I’m dead anyways.”
Hi all, chapter 4 is here. I want to say that 'Bow' pub is completely made-up and I don't know if I should be naming chapters as I go. I want to say thank for everyone who has commented/kudos/and bookmarked. I'm a glutton for more. This chapter was beta-ed by 'englandwouldfalljohn'. Disclaimer: I don't own Sherlock.
Sherlock leaned over him, hands shot out, fixing fingertips on the back of John’s neck, tickling at the small hairs. The touch sent shivers down John’s spine as Sherlock continued to speak. “They lived together, shared the same lipstick- not friends, but lovers. They were-”
John threw the newspaper and it went flying across the flat as he sprung from his chair. He stomped into the kitchen, where Sherlock still sat in his damn chair in front of his damn microscope.
“Sorry, Greg. If you could pass him the message. Appreciate it.”
“You’re sniffing the bodies again, Sherlock,” he remarked lowly. John glanced over at Lestrade, who was ignoring the two them at the moment, and talking into his mobile phone.
John beamed brightly. “How’d you figure?” His mind wandered off, thinking about how Sherlock reacted when the detective woke up to find John missing, finding his gun untouched in the flat, rushing downstairs to find Mrs. Hudson’s place trashed…
“And I love you too.”
Stuck barely in eyesight was a yellow post-it note on the underside of the counter. Not that odd of a concept, considering that John uses them inside the refrigerator at home. Except this one had his name written on it, in clear, almost feminine scrawl. He groaned. He knew that he shouldn’t even look at it, or even take it. But he did.
He got to his feet and followed.
Live Nudes In Charcoal
Using the doorknocker, John closed the door behind them as Sherlock flagged down a cab. The journey to Bart’s was quiet. John glanced between looking out the window and at Sherlock, waiting for something. Anything. He opened his mouth, wanting to say…then he snapped it closed, uncertain how to begin.
John huffed with relief, “Thank you.”
John closed his eyes for a minute. There was a loud groan, and he was pretty sure that obscene sound came from him.
“You ought to be used to that by now. Sherlock-”
He snatched up the receipt, shoving it and his wallet into his trouser pocket, then plucked up a free newspaper from the stand before heading to a small table away from the general population. He sat down with a sigh, his eyes roaming over Sherlock’s face as the taller man sat across from him. Green-grey stared out into the cafeteria, paying no heed to John, allowing him to stare.
His eyes flickered between the mirror, the road, and the houses, waiting for someone to say stop. When John turned the corner, he felt like he had gotten away with it. He felt adrenaline rushing through his veins, and relief began to wash over him. Is this what criminals feel every time they get away with something? No wonder they’d get addicted to this.
John pushed off the wall, following. “Good luck on your defense.”
“So you-”
“On sixth, 2nd flat,” answered Lestrade. “I’ll call up. Try not to piss anyone off, everyone’s on edge.”
“Good. Good. I’ll bring some wine too,” nodded the owner, and snatching the menus from them.
“Yes that.” John said with an exasperated eye roll. Then he added, “I want to be divorced first.”
John licked his lips.
“Why would he want you there?”
Well, a second of peace then. John opened his eyes, glaring at the closed loo door, expecting Sherlock to burst through, as he has done before. He covered himself with a small flannel, waiting. Seconds ticked by, and still nothing. John sighed.
The other man opened the cab divider and tossed the gun through the gap. John stared at it as it landed on the seat, wondering if he played the game right, if he had managed to make himself seem like a threat. A dangerous threat could be as good as having the loaded weapon.
John earned the usual, ‘isn’t obvious’ glare from Sherlock as he explained. “My knees gave in … I was resisting to orgasm with your hands in my hair.”
John hoped that Lestrade and the other officers had in fact locked the block of flats down. Hoped that an officer was helping the mother. Her bloodcurdling wail had echoed from the floor above, sending Sherlock bolting for the stairwell. John followed, ignored Lestrade’s rambling protests. He wished he had grabbed his gun, yearned for it really.
Voices conveyed up through the sitting room, carrying Sherlock and Greg’s undistinguishable conversation. John shut the door behind him with a soft click. That way he won’t be able hear them anymore. Alone, in his bedroom, John could breathe, to gather himself. He may have had a struggle to hold himself together yesterday on the rooftop and afterwards, but he wasn’t going to fall into himself again.
John cleared his throat. “Mrs. Hudson, if you wouldn’t mind to-”
The pursuit of the suspect doesn't end well, John and Sherlock understand each other.
John blocked the other fist that flew towards him.
Disclaimer: I don't own Sherlock.
“I’ll stop by the shop then.”
Joseph nodded. “Our parents died when we were young. Car crash. We lived with our aunt and cousins until she went to college, and I could move out. She calls everyday. I’ve tried calling. Her phone is never off. I keep getting her voicemail.”
It wasn’t paranoia.
“You said that you heard from her three days ago?”
John sighed in relief when he walked into the flat. It was a little past nine; giving their statements to Lestrade and the rest of the team had taken bit longer than he wanted. He hummed deeply at the sight and scent of home. It was peaceful, cozy, almost like wearing his favorite jumper on a rainy day. With tea and a book. And the soft tunes of the violin. He shrugged out of his coat. Surprisingly, Sherlock plucked it from his hands.
“Don’t come.” John stared at Sherlock’s long violinist fingers wrapped around that flushed cock, desperate to come, suddenly holding it tight around the base to pull himself back from what could’ve been a gorgeous orgasm.
Mrs. Hudson’s mouth gaped without words as the door across the room opened with a distressed creak, and in walked a familiar face. One John hadn’t seen for two months.
John glanced at Sherlock, allowing his eyes to roam over the man in the bright lab lighting. “Yeah, I’m looking at him now.”
“Yet, Sherlock doesn’t share those same concerns for you and your ‘connections’ with Greg and Molly. Makes me wonder if you are really ‘worried’ or if it’s something else.”
Disclaimer: I don't own BBC Sherlock or any other variations.
Sharp static feedback radiated through the speakers before the video stopped at the end. John sighed heavily in the silence. “So, if I’m understanding this correctly. It’s no longer your life on the line, but two other helpless nameless people if you don’t figure out whatever message you have to figure out?”
Sherlock turned around, affronted, and offended expression on his face. He sniffed as if he caught a whiff of something unpleasant. “Yes, your date with Molly and my dear brother. Do tell my brother to also mind his business, would you?”
John smiled. He shrugged his shoulders, shrugging off his coat as well, and hung the article of clothing up beside Sherlock’s coat. He rubbed his hands together, enjoying the heat from the lit fireplace. “Turns out we had nothing in common.”
“Your wedding ring has been off for a matter of days. You had clothing packed away. You cycled to work under the pretenses of getting back into the shape you were in before entering a state of martial bliss but we both know that wasn’t quite true. You feel relieved, mostly, now that Mary is gone. You have been sleeping better the last two months compared to when you would come over the flat for ‘hanging out.’ As I informed you, I don’t make mistakes and on the rare occasion that I do, I learn. I refuse to lose you again, and I wish to pursue a relationship with you beyond friendship, ergo the intimacy of the kiss at the flat to demonstrate my intentions. Is that explanation enough for you?”
Chapter 24
Sherlock bent down; John bit his lip as the skin stretched angrily. John heard the rustling, assuming Sherlock was pulling his trousers back on. It was one thing to share a bed, but another to roam about the flat only wearing their pants. John waited for a moment, prepared to change the topic. Surprisingly, waking up together wasn’t as awkward as it should have been, but this…was making it worse.
“I could use a bit of a kip,” John replied sluggishly. They had to get up but he was relaxed and sated. He’ll deal with it later, very carefully. John could feel Sherlock’s words more than he could hear them at this point.
He wiped the tang from his mouth on sleeve of Sherlock’s dressing gown. John went back to the wrecked cab, and seemingly kept an eye on Moran at the same time. He pulled the key from the ignition.
Sherlock suddenly stopped, whirling on the DI, “Lock it down.”
“Yes. But there’s more to this! Can’t you feel it? I only matched the soil to prove what we saw on the footage. There’s absolutely nothing to prove that the jumper or ‘Joe Bloggs’ was in the flat with Oliver Izard, stabbed him and killed him. There were two other men on the footage outside the row of flats. Nothing inside the lobby! Nothing! Don’t you see it? You’re not an imbecile and occasionally you do prove to be a decent officer. You know I’m right!”
“The victims were at the Bow pub, I had found residue of crisps and salt mashed into the groves of the tiles while the occupants were otherwise…” Sherlock paused and blinked, “occupied. The third pub is unimportant now that we found where they were killed in the alleyway. Samples of blood and the leaf are going to be taken to Bart’s; I’m sure. Hopefully Molly is looking over the victims now so we don’t have to wait until the killer strikes again.”
“Oh, that is interesting. Given how often he would have to do so in order to prevent his fingerprints returning.” The detective strolled into the kitchen, donning a black suit that highlighted a pale line of skin and made John’s heart flip flop in his chest. He managed to hand over a mug to Sherlock without spilling. Sherlock joined him in leaning against the counter and continued after taking a sip. “I assume that facial recognition is out of the question considering the state of the body. What about the ‘boyfriend?’”
“Shut up, Lestrade.”
John stepped away and cleared his throat. “Right…um…let’s go find the serial killer.”
They arrived at the crime scene quickly or as quickly as traffic would allow through central London. Dread settled into his stomach, recognizing Roland Kerr College. John turned to Sherlock, who seemed eager to jump out of the still moving cab to get to their faster.
“Sherlock.”
Molly answered, “They should be upstairs in the lab.”
What had startled him?
Sherlock lifted his dropped jaw with a blush. “First drawer, bedside table. Put the condom on yourself. I won’t require much preparation.”
“Your wound for one. Your head for another,” answered John. He reached out as Sherlock stood, pushing the taller man back down by his shoulder. John pulled a small torch from the kit, and clicked it on. It shone bright against the darkened kitchen floor.
“He’ll understand,” answered Sherlock.
AJ’s watery eyes were glaring at Mrs. Hudson up until she delivered a hard punch to the side of his face. Then he flopped motionless like a ragdoll, knocked out cold on the concrete.
Quirking an eyebrow, John asked. “What are the two types?”
“Shut up, Mrs. Hudson. Don’t talk about Mycroft, you’ll summon him to bother me.”
The detective snorted. “Dangerous? He’s a consulting criminal. His only power was controlling others. That’s manipulation, not intelligence.”
“My only.”
There was a level of romanticism that John knew was there, something that he refused to say aloud to Ella after Sherlock’s…fall. Attraction he could deal with. Friendship, John could manage easily; but to feel ‘that’ again, it was dangerous. Unfortunately, he was attracted to dangerous, according to everyone but him. And he shouldn’t be. It could break him permanently. Sherlock had fixed him; Mary had fixed him once. Who would be there for him when he was cast aside again, left behind again? His gun, like before?
“John.”
Disclaimer: I don't own Sherlock or any other variations.
“It was a rescue.”
“He’s not taking my sister’s case, is he?”
The masked figure turned to John. A sneering was clearly audible in his tone even if John couldn’t see his face. The gun waggled in his direction. “I think not, Dr. Watson.”
“Sherlock,” he warned lowly, getting tired of Sherlock bickering with Mrs. Hudson. It was one thing for him to be a pain in the arse on accident, but intentionally…Yeah, never mind that, Sherlock is always a pain in the arse either way. Just some days are better than others, but there was no reason to pick on Mrs. Hudson.
“Douglas Hageman?” Sherlock asked, he waved his hand therefore defeating John’s purpose of wrapping up the second hand. John grabbed the wrist gently to hold it still as Sherlock went on.  “No, Magnussen did in the hospital after I was shot. Before a malfunctioned trigger ended his life. You and I witnessed it.”
“I’m all in.”
“We will be needing those numbers.”
The sharp trilling of Sherlock’s mobile disturbed whatever Sherlock was going to say. John couldn’t help but to feel a little relieved, but at the same time disappointed. Sherlock turned away, going back to his search.
“I thought we did that already. You refused to talk and went to make a call instead. Leaving AJ to babysit us. For your information, he’s still alive, if you cared any. I don’t go around ‘nicely shooting’ everyone, especially making a point not to shoot old teammates or one’s best man.” John gave her a pointed look afterwards.
“He said wanted to study the abnormalities on the back of the victims neck. I told him that they weren’t bruises but a residue. I got samples for him, did the analyzing myself. But when he looked over the bodies, and into the microscope, he began,” she motioned to Sherlock, pacing, his hands flying in multiple directions, “He seems a bit off.”
“Oh god,” John utter lowly when Sherlock kissed, worshipped at the circle of his scar where the bullet cut through, and almost killed him. It brought him home as a shell of the man he was. No longer was he a soldier, or an army doctor. He was nothing until… here, now; in the arms of the man who gave him a purpose, a war, which gave him life again. In his sight was a man, lovingly caressing John’s shameful wound. John trembled against the significance that Sherlock touching his shoulder as his ‘all-in’ was more intimate than any of his experiences with past lovers.
“Oh…God…jumped…with…”
The detective’s hands fixed underneath his chin, “Interesting. So you are not opposed to the idea of pursuing a relationship with me, but more of corrupting your moral compass. You want to be all in. Correct?”
“Stop there, Lestrade.”
“I’m satisfactory. It was just an abrasion.”
Another two honks followed, covering whatever retorts the homeless network person might have said. This time, the noise came from right next to him, from the cab that had paused in the busy street. John turned, glaring at the cab as the window rolled down and he snapped. “What? You need the time too?”
“What pun?” The detective in the tub was genuinely confused at John’s amusement.
“John, close your eyes.”
He pulled out his billfold, dropped the cash for the fare in the front seat. “Pull over, I’ll finish the rest of the way.”
He thrusted in earnest. As Sherlock’s hand sped up, John felt the muscles give in and loosened up just enough for him to push his cock all the way in. He pounded his annoying git into the mattress, going straight for his prostate every single thrust.
“Don’t button up on my account, Sherlock. I’ve seen you roaming around the flat with nothing but a sheet on.”
“Before I give the game away. Tell me what this is, Mr. Holmes.” Ripper said while he gestured as far as his bound hands could.
“I had a suspicion. You’re handsome and quite intelligent. He didn’t react when I first entered the room.”
John slumped back in his seat, pinching the bridge of his nose. ‘Kill’, ‘Isaac Spoo’, ’48 hours’ he kept the message in the forefront of his mind. The question was, the message meant for the wife? Or for him, considering the two notes both had his name, and the threats to Sherlock, John concluded it had to be for him. It had to be. Now, who would go through all of the trouble to make sure he found it?
“If he discovers another crime scene, or solves the case, call me.”
“No, you’re not, you git. But, no, you probably wouldn’t have to ask.”
The crowd in Angelo’s had thinned out over the course of their dinner, Sherlock quickly strode outside, waving his arm about to hail a cab. John hurriedly snatched his coat from the back of the chair and ran after him. He was stopped by Angelo and forced to be polite say goodbye and promising to return soon. The black cab pulled back into traffic once John got outside. He stood in the bitter London air alone. There was a tap on his shoulder. John turned around, surprised to see the blonde from the bar.
John snorted, and now the moment was gone along with his manners.
Something carnal within John started to stir- the feeling that this gorgeous man in front of him was his, marked inside and out.
Live Nudes In Charcoal
“Sure, but why? Doesn’t he usually text you?”
“You know I am concerned for you. I have found you a case to distract you, Sherlock. Perhaps it will wean you from your dangerous game.”
Sherlock smiled before crowding into John’s space. The doctor’s mouth was captured and covered immediately. When the kiss broke, Sherlock whispered against his lips.
“Indian food it is then. I’ll go place the order.” He padded across the room, neglecting to pick up his oatmeal-colored jumper on Sherlock’s bedroom floor that had fallen from his lap. He’ll get it later. Some deep, dark part of him, liked to see his clothing on Sherlock’s bedroom floor. That very same part of him, wouldn’t mind seeing Sherlock’s clothing on the floor either, eventually.
“Good.”
“I have had years to master acting normal-”
“Right then. Your vic has been dead for at least two hours by a gunshot wound delivered at the front of the head. Your team will confirm that much. I should go check in with Sherlock.”
“There’s a fair possibility that the jumper isn’t the only killer, or the killer had assistance.”
“Start at the beginning of what?” John murmured just as the screen in the video jarred around, followed by scuffled noises for several minutes before a heavy slam echoed out of the phone. Then the screen turned black for a several seconds before flickering back on. The empty close up of Mr. Hageman’s eyes stared up at the camera, zooming back to show him hanging in the holding cell.
“Perhaps, I didn’t want big brother and the rest of MI6 tracking us down before I could make the trade.”
Instinctively, John went after him. The Beretta clacked on the tile as John went for the wheelchair, missing the occupant. The yellow blanket floated on the surface of the water.
“Simple. You couldn’t have married someone who never existed. It seems that you are the only one holding on the sentiment of marriage where there is none.”
John dove for her before she landed on the floor. A shadow fell over them. John turned his head, and was met with pain. He knew that he was on the floor now, and he watched with lights dancing in his eyes as Mrs. Hudson was dragged back into her darkened flat by someone.
Not the way he left it. The soldier in him couldn’t leave a blind spot in room while he was sleeping.
“You have something, then?”
The doors dinged open as Sherlock, grinned and spoke as he walked out of the lift.
He shook his head gently and ignored it. John grabbed the antiseptic from the bed, and started on Sherlock’s cuts.
‘He asked you to babysit me then.’
“What?”
Sherlock jolted next to him, pale hands flew up to his head, froze for a second, like a marble statue that John could imagine finding in a museum. Then blinked, returning back to life. “Let’s go inside again. Coming, John?”
“Better than having to wave a cab down with my leg and all.”
John shook his head at him. “Where’s your mobile?”
Traffic picked up again as John answered, feeling a bit odd by the friendly conversation he was having with the same person who was previously a Lord of parliament, who attempted to blow up said parliament with a bomb, who then turned out killer who was working for Moriarty.
“Thank you,” he chuckled. John closed the box and turned around. He drifted into the living room, pausing when he stood in front of Sherlock in his chair. “Your arms…”
John took pleasure in Sherlock’s jarred reaction. “No?”
“You mean, you pester Greg until he cracks and gets annoyed with you.”
“It’s story time,” stated Sherlock, as if he was answering a question. “Tell it.”
His head started pounding. John felt hot, feverish, and flushed. He licked his lips, finding that he was suddenly parched. His thirst only grew when he saw Sherlock’s eyes following his nervous habit. Not that he was nervous. His heart spiked when a hand landed on his knee, flaring old feelings that he hadn’t experienced for a while. John stared at the hand resting on his knee, and a flash of gold caught his eye.
John huffed, amused. “Alright, butter chicken. Do you want naan too?”
John groaned and closed his eyes. “I didn’t need to see that.”
His heart drummed as Sherlock’s eyes locked over him with the same kind of heated stare that he had seen before, the one that was took in every detail, before Sherlock looked away. “Good.”
As John opened his mouth to protest that they don’t need wine, the restaurant owner disappeared with another grin. He danced around the crowd, his white shirt vanishing into the kitchen. His booming voice carried through out the restaurant. John turned back to Sherlock. His brow furrowed together as he remarked.
John laughed. “That would be a first. How’d you know that he would like me?”
“Obviously,” remarked Sherlock as he began walking again. John hustled to meet his stride.
He flipped the phone open and was greeted with a blurry picture of…the Buckingham palace, as if someone had taken it on the background. Nothing was out of the ordinary, and it actually looked like a completely normal functioning mobile.
“I merely suggested something for your withdrawals, Sherlock. Your last ‘cocktail’ was almost your last. Your doctor-”
“That’s it? Mycroft’s a drama queen and there’s nothing to worry about? Aren’t you concerned about Moriarty at all?”
“Christ. What can we do then?” he asked aloud, not knowing if he was asking himself or someone else. “That arsehole in there, murdered three people and maybe a fourth.”
(See the end of the chapter for
‘Yes, Molly?’
“No, there’s too little information. There is the possibility that she is already dead.”
Disclaimer: I don't own BBC Sherlock or any other variations.
The tone of Molly’s voice made him pause before leaving the clinic through the double set of doors. It was a firmness that he didn’t normally hear from her. “Yeah?”
“Are you alright? You can slow down if it hurts.”
John turned to Sherlock.
“Sherlock-”
Feeling his eyebrows meeting his hairline, John watched as Sherlock paced away from the window. His hands fixed underneath his chin in a steeple as he gracefully sat down in his chair. John fought not to roll his eyes again, knowing that if they were alone, Sherlock would flop onto the cushion with a sprawl of ungraceful limbs. He had been close to being kicked with one of those long legs several times.
He could see the thrill in Sherlock’s eyes before he turned towards Lestrade. He bolted to his feet, snapping off the gloves.
“Nothing, not while I’m around,” John finished sternly. “Sherlock is, and will be nothing like you.”
“Choosing the victims-”
In order to get his questions answered, John needed to be at the hospital. At this rate, it seemed like he was never going to get there. Hopefully Sherlock wasn’t being completely intolerable, if so, John would’ve received a call on his mobile by now. He pulled his mobile from his pocket. Nothing. No missed calls or text messages. Thinking of Sherlock, and of calls, John pulled the now-considered-ancient flip phone from his pocket. Blue light from the time blended in with the streetlight flickering in and out of the cab.
“Exactly! That’s why we should do all things that require privacy now before the cameras are installed.”
John snorted, caught off guard by the bizarre question. It wasn’t out of the ordinary that Sherlock asked odd questions - usually about postmortem and time of death or if he could have another head in the freezer. The answer will always be ‘no’ to another head. Never about Sherlock, or his features.  John turned around. A smile rested on his face from the ridiculousness, and then he noticed the look on Sherlock’s face.
“Completely ordinary.”
“Sherlock, where are we going?”
The touch disappeared faster than it happened as John watched the taller man stalk out of the cafeteria. John bit into his apple once before tossing it in a nearby bin, leaving every thing else behind, mentally apologizing to whoever had to clean up his mess. He ran after Sherlock down the corridor.
He closed his eyes for a second, praying that his plan would work.
Sherlock hummed at him. John shook his head, taking it as a ‘thank you’ before grabbing the newspaper that he’d wanted to read earlier.
He heard Lestrade sigh behind him. “Yeah, I’ve had to explain that two ‘officers’ had tried to talk him down. Explaining that it’s always difficult to judge how a person might react-”
“Isn’t that Sherlock’s engagement ring--? I thought you lost it in a card game, Sherlock had said that’s why you were bringing extra biscuits… not that I’m complaining, you make absolutely delicious pastries…and tea…and you take care of us so well, always making sure were well fed…like we’re your…” He looked down and noticed the landlady glaring at him. “…sons. Sorry, I’m babbling.”
A low groan escaped his lips. He placed his other hand on the bed. John held his head down and didn’t dare open his eyes, knowing if he met the intense stare, he would be lost.
John turned his head, looking at Sherlock. “The strip club? What are we doing there?”
A/N: Please comment, kudos or bookmarks. Or all three if you want. Til next time.
There was something in Sherlock’s deadened tone with his typical ‘Oh’ whenever there was a possible breakthrough that concerned John. He knew something was wrong when he turned his head, glancing over Sherlock’s side profile. A small flash of vulnerability on Sherlock’s face disappeared when the DI joined them. But John saw it. He recognized that look. It was the same from the swimming pool, when Sherlock had thought he was Moriarty for a brief second. Thinking about it, triggered the ghostly scent of chlorine, sending the first traces of heat and sweat down his spine. It was very similar to the look he had when he gave John his supplies days ago but not quite. It was the look that could be fixed on a child’s face when they recognized the monster underneath their bed and it was real. It could hurt them. Kill them.
“But you want to be divorced before resuming kissing, is that correct?”
He padded through the flat, and entered into a steamed loo. Fog from Sherlock’s shower clung in the air, creating rivets that trailed down the mirror. John quickly stripped down, turned on the still warm tap, and climbed into the tub. He scrubbed down, rinsed, and dried. When John was dressed, he opened the door. He didn’t flinch when he found Sherlock leaning against the wall across the loo, donning the usual belstaff and scarf combination. The light blue shirt on Sherlock took John’s breath away. He started breathing again when the detective held out his folded coat.
He glanced over his shoulder, meeting Sherlock’s eyes. “I’m not going anywhere smelling like your posh cologne and linens. People would talk.”
“I understand… don’t care for sharing. I know what it’s like, having all his attention on you. After all, I had his attention before you came along. But that is in the past now, like a lot of things.”
Chapter 29
Last night was a different experience entirely. He sat up again, and rested his bare feet on the cold floor. He mindlessly ran a hand through his hair. His head still groggy from the tossing and turning all night, and from the restlessness that burned underneath his skin. When his body was settled, John tugged a white shirt on over his head. He pulled his robe from the back of his bedroom door, tying it closed around him. John ventured downstairs seeking to satiate his sudden burning desire for coffee.
“Oh my god, you did.”
“I thought you were going to turn in.”
It was then that the bedroom upstairs fell quiet
“No, you did fine. Sherlock does what he wants. He always does what he wants, and despite being someone who thinks for a living, sometimes he just doesn’t. Sometimes he’s an idiot,” he snapped. He opened the door and walked down the hallway. He nodded at Sarah and mouthed ‘bye’ before continuing his angry rant into his phone, “That’s the problem. He can’t keep himself out of trouble. He bloody well seeks it out.”
There was an echo of gunshots in the small room, and scream of pain. Moving on adrenaline, John rolled forward on the ground, smacking Mary’s gun from out of reach while she held her leg, bleeding on white carpet.
His stomach growled angrily. Next time they woke up, it was definitely time to eat and he would make Sherlock do the same before getting distracted with each other. John slid closer to Sherlock, closed his eyes, and it was then he heard a rather large thump from downstairs. Quickly, followed with what sounded like Mrs. Hudson’s voice.
“You’re not even part of the Met, John. I wouldn’t even know how to begin to explain this to my superiors,” Lestrade groused as he switched off the engine, dousing the street in darkness once more. He climbed out of the driver’s seat, and shut his door with a soft click. “It was difficult enough after the scene on the rooftop.”
John unbuckled his seatbelt. He gathered the take out bag in one arm and pushed open the door with the other. One foot was on the pavement when Mycroft spoke.
John poured Molly a cup out of politeness so he wouldn’t take all the coffee for himself. He grabbed a third cup, pouring coffee in it too, and two spoons of sugar.
Live Nudes In Charcoal
“What am I suppose to do with my legs?”
“And what I am going to be doing laying on the bed? Just watch? That doesn’t seem fair, Sherlock.”
John snorted. “Well…most likely…”
Chapter 16
Moran shrugged awkwardly. “I told you. I don’t ask. All I know is that we can’t make it on foot.”
“Choose! Or I walk out of this room and leave you to your fate,” Sherlock stepped towards the door. The man sprung from his seat again.
“One’s my mobile. The second one is my work.”
“Why would I do that?”
Sherlock’s voice drifted from below. “Stop that, John. You’re going to knock yourself unconscious before we even get to the bedroom.”
Chapter 22
Mary shrugged, John’s words figuratively rolled past her, and they obviously meant nothing to her. It’s not like John could tell now. When she was still pretending to be average…John could. Now, seeing the woman he had married, then divorce after two months, no, John was pretty sure his words meant nothing to her... this was coming from the woman who never let him have a say with anything to begin with.
The DI sighed when Sherlock didn’t put forth an answer. Instead, John offered, “The man who entered the lobby, he wasn’t in the other footage.”
“Holmes? Isn’t that the name of that genius detective that makes the papers, solving all those ridiculous crimes?”
At the same time he was flattered … more than flattered, really. He licked his lips, thinking how he had never expected to mean something to Sherlock, who picks and chooses information to keep, and deletes the useless. He’d never thought that he, plain John Watson, would ever be in there. It was something that he could name, but thought it would never happen between them.
“Experiment.”
Lestrade sighed. “I can’t argue with you, Sherlock. But I also can’t agree with you. Just…if you don’t mind, could you look over the Pruit and Mollet case? If I hear anything from my superiors about the Izard case, I’ll let you know. They just want this to get quieted down because of all the bad press.”
“Oh good. You are awake. I was a bit concerned for you. No, Sherlock isn’t here, poor man is probably worried sick that you’re gone. Me on the other hand,” Mrs. Hudson sighed dramatically. “For someone who’s observant about my comings and goings, neither of you noticed I was missing.”
John opted not to pass the mobile back to Sherlock when large gloved hands with black powder hovered in mid-air, just centimeters away from their clothing. He held the mobile at a level they could both see, then pressed play on the video file.
“The knife was another dead end.”
“It seemed to work out though…I didn’t miss the ‘snogging’ bit.”
Mrs. Hudson walked back into the room, massaging her knuckles with a disgruntled complaint and mobile in hand. “Here’s the mobile, John. He tried to b-”
Hopefully.
“Don’t thank me for letting you place your own life in danger,” Sherlock said flatly with the last end of a sulk. It made John grin just a bit at the Sherlock looking down at the floor, doing his best not to make eye contact at John, even if he had Sherlock’s face cupped between his hands.
“Seeing another man naked will not affect your sexual orientation.”
“John-”
John met Sherlock’s green eyes and licked his lips. Then he asked gruffly, “And what happens when you have your answer?”
“He’s a criminal that witnessed the crime by committing it. He’s a murderer. His name is useless.”
John cleared his throat, finding it dry. “Yes, but it’s loud enough in here that no one is going to care. So two ideas then?”
Sherlock poured the wine as he spoke. John watched pale fingers hugging the shallow stem. “John, you usually chastise me for conversing about murder in a public setting.”
There was a pause on the other side of the phone. It was quiet and John had thought he might have accidentally hung up on her. Then Molly sighed softly. “All right then. Don’t you have other calls to make?”
“Oh?” he questioned casually, flipping the newspaper open with shaking hands. “You said it helps you think…what are you thinking about?”
“It’s not mollycoddling if you’re injured,” John retorted, grabbing Sherlock’s larger hand into his own, holding the pale knuckles up to Sherlock’s eyesight. “Two cuts and bruised knuckles? What were you doing, fighting the suspect?”
“I don’t know what you mean about a third, John. The only third that Myc and I talk about is Molly. Are you feeling alright?”
“We caught the suspect at the crime scene. He admitted to shooting his victims but he refuses to talk to us further without you there.”
“Yes.”
John nodded.
Sherlock sighed against his chest. “You complained. You have a vise grip in my hair and on my knee, apparently.”
“I insist, Sherlock. You should know that it’s pointless to argue against your doctor.”
John licked his lips. He stuffed his phone away. “Being called into the clinic, apparently it’s swamped today.”
He stepped out of the tub, grabbed his towel and wrapped it around his hips. John shrugged, waiting for Sherlock to make a move.
John had to grin when Sherlock referred to her as a distraction in Sherlock’s head. He had to grin at Sherlock’s displeased expression as well. Then he pondered if other people they knew were in there. A part of him wondered if he was in there, and how he presented in that mad, genius head.
He smiled when dark, inky curls shot up from a huddle on the sofa and Sherlock’s eyes met his. His body warmed from the sight of Sherlock in the flat, in their home, waiting for him. The place next to Sherlock looked inviting. When he looked over and met those light blue eyes again, John didn’t need to verbally ask. He crossed the distance and sat. His side meshed along Sherlock’s. The heat from the taller man’s body just felt right. Like home, like the flat with the two of them in it. It was perfect. Greg’s parting words echoed through his mind. Infatuated. Was he infatuated with Sherlock? He had just noticed his attraction, admitted his wants, and now…was it infatuation? Was this ‘all-in’ too early to feel?
“Jim Moriarty,” which was answered in the same tone as Sherlock’s ‘obviously’, before Mary pressed on. “He had AJ…”
Two hard knocks rapped on the door, and before John could reply, it creaked open and the inspector’s voice called out into the flat. “John? Sherlock?”
“No. A Saturday,” Sherlock answered flatly as he opened the door and disappeared inside. John blinked rapidly, taking in Sherlock’s answer as he quickly followed.
“That would be me,” announced the DI, checking his pocket. He ventured to the doorway. “Text me if you think of anything. This case…last night…it was a rough one. I’ll get all the paperwork gathered up and drop it by later. Bye.”
John took into the short corridor and entered the remaining room upstairs. He brightened up the room right away. It was painted a horrible shade of off green, reminded John of too many snotty patients during the winter. The room definitely cried out for desperate need of repainting. Probably would never get one either. The furnishings were plain, the bed unmade. One bedside table was covered with a lamp, books, a pair of glasses, and a silver framed picture. The suspect back in New Scotland Yard was easily recognisable, and John assumed that the brunette around his arm, smiling in a white dress and veil was his wife, Megan. The very same one he wanted dead. The other bedside table was covered in a thin layer of dust, empty as empty could be. John only guessed it was her side.
“Did it mention the name ‘Issac Spoo’?” John asked.
“Who-” John asked, but was interrupted by Sherlock almost immediately.
Chapter 2
John snorted.
Chapter 7
Sherlock hummed next to him. Out of corner of John’s eye, he could see Sherlock fixed his fingers underneath his chin. Long, pale fingers touched over those lips that John had kissed about an hour ago. A small smile bloomed across Sherlock’s face.
John rolled his eyes. “Don’t remind me, Sherlock is a magnet for all trouble. Where do you want us first? I’ll tell him when he’s out.”
“Pick up the phone, Sherlock,” he whispered as it rang. “Come on, come on.”
He walked carefully around the kitchen, avoiding fallen bar stools and broken pieces of glass scattered on the floor. Even a probationary officer could see what had happened and came up with a decent conclusion of the scene. John turned around, thought he should go tell Lestrade what he thought the time of death was, and to get some damn gloves to confirm it when something yellow registered through the corner of his eye.
Mrs. Hudson worked on the ropes around his ankles. A ring glittered around her finger, sparkling in the ray of sunlight from the small window.
No rushing, as he had told Sherlock over and over again. John would have to follow through with his own words. His hands traveled downward on the flushed heated skin. Sherlock’s muscles danced underneath his fingertips. John quickly undid Sherlock black trousers while holding Sherlock’s gaze. Then pushed the material down, along with his small black pants. John made a mental note to inspect those pants more closely next time. But for now, John took in the sight.
The hand pulled away from the door handle, and all three men poured into the small room. A man with blackish grey- slicked back hair sat in front of a small table bolted to the floor, hands handcuffed to it. His clothes were rumpled and stained. John wished that he could only see what Sherlock could in moments like these. Being able to pick your enemy apart, with just a glance. John took against the wall, leaned his back against the dark grey tint. His arms folded across his chest.
John jolted awake from the thunderous clap that echoed in his bedroom. His eardrums turned into silent hum. All traces of muddled sleep vanished as he glanced around, tense and ready, his finger on the browning’s trigger. John’s eyes took in every shadow of his darkened room. The only source of light was from the open door leading to the stairway. He glanced at his bedside table; the drawer was open. Where his illegal firearm usually stayed. The gun was heavy in his right hand. He must’ve gotten his gun half awake. It wasn’t the first time he had done it. It was always something that surprised him, awakening the solider in him, throwing Captain Watson into fight or flight, in which he would always fight first. Hence the gun.
‘Upsetting’ wasn’t the word that John would use to describe this moment. He was glad that Sherlock couldn’t see every deduction on his face or else he would’ve said more. It would have been easier if he had seen it. The want. The jealously. The pining. Sherlock would let him down as he did before. He could go back to The Work without feeling like something was building. That everything that they’ve been through together should remain at a standstill because Sherlock doesn’t do emotions, feelings, and sentiment. He tore his eyes away from Sherlock. A humorless laugh escaped through his lips. “You always miss something.”
John nodded. “So, we’re going to Bart’s?”
He left the bedroom, and was greeted by Lestrade at the bottom of the stairwell. The other two officers walked by him, headed into the kitchen where the body was. There was a frown on Lestrade’s face, and not his usual ‘this is a difficult case’ frown, but like the ‘barer of bad news’ frown.
“That’s not…”
Disclaimer: I don't own Sherlock.
Finally.
“I’m fine. You’re a bit indecent, I thought I would grant you some privacy,” replied Mrs. Hudson with a grin. “Isn’t that one of Sherlock’s dressing gowns?”
“Hey now! It’s hardly Molly’s fault!”
Never.
“FOUR MINUTES!”
Swooping in, Angelo deposited two glasses and a bottle of wine on the table with another smile before evaporating again. John froze as he went for the glasses just as Sherlock grabbed them.
“Yeah, I get that,” he remarked back with a half grin, still wondering how Sherlock did it. How Sherlock continued to be remarkable in so many ways. John followed him out of the office and into classroom, passing the grumbling students who were still sketching. He recognized the outlines of Sherlock’s body on many canvases, showing talent and likeness. He glanced at his empty chair and the canvas that he had neglected to use, on which it seemed someone else had drawn something instead. From the distance it looked like a rough sketch of a chair but it didn’t really matter anyway, and that’s all he could gather from it before he chasing after Sherlock to keep up with his pace.
He shook his head. His hand bolted up to stop him.
“It’s not about the linens, John! That is utterly pointless. No, he’s probably been in here, poking around in our belongings while we’ve been chasing dead ended leads in this case!” Sherlock ripped away from his bed and paused before John. Grey eyes flared in frustration. “It’s about Moriarty’s web, and Sebastian Moran, the trap, the message-”
“You could say that a bit louder, Sherlock. I don’t think everyone heard you,” John remarked as he grabbed a pack of crisps, an apple, and a bottle of water.
“The wrinkles in the shirt and the dirt smudge on his inner elbow suggest that he washed his clothing in a hurry. Didn’t bother to hang them up to dry, but instead packed them away. Maybe he was staying with a friend, or perhaps a hostel. His unkempt hair makes me believe hostel, because no true friend would let him parade around-”
John licked his lips. God, he wanted to accept Sherlock’s proposition. He closed his eyes, recalling the darkened office where Sherlock had undressed, with his pale skin on display. John had wanted to have Sherlock across his bed, trembling in carnal need ever since the classroom. Wanted to hear the composition made of Sherlock’s moan against the noise of the city, echoing within the walls of their flat. He wanted to be the only audience. He wanted that symphony, as he broke Sherlock apart with his hands, and his mouth to put Sherlock back together.
John’s eyes fluttered shut as Sherlock’s lips ventured down his neck, kissing into his pounding pulse. He hissed lightly and shivered when the mouth gingerly sucked over the sensitive skin, abusing it into a sting. A soft kiss nurtured to a dull buzz.  Hands played on the edge of his vest as Sherlock’s mouth moved lower.
“John, there’s something on the table for you.”
“Sher-”
“You can look if you like. I would do the same if I were the doctor and the addict was left alone for several hours with his drug of choice only a few feet away,” Sherlock stated. His clothed arms held up to John, willingly, in surrender, which took John a bit by surprise, considering it was only yesterday morning when they last fought about it. “I’ve been sitting here, staring at it. Considering it. Fixed between the temptation and choices to make to keep-”
“Makes sense,” John remarked while he pulled on his coat.
John matched Sherlock’s stride as he answered. “Spending time together.”
In the room, it was just them. With the drapes open, the beginning of sunrise painted through the sky, splattering through the shades of grey.
“You know, Sherlock if you kept it your bill-” John trailed into silence when he opened the drawer.
“Damn.”
He heard the cabbie in the front grumbled about how he attracts the weirdos at night. John didn’t waste his breath to argue. He was far from normal- this much he was willing to admit after so many years. He knew now that the mobile wasn’t going to explode. A surge of relief washed through his mind. John glanced back down at the screen. At the top, in the alert bar, was a flashing envelope. There was a unread text message. John just stared at it.
John opened his eyes.
John cleared his throat. He felt heat starting to bloom over his face. Being in bed together would be the nicer way of explaining that they rutted against each other together until they dirtied their pants. Then fell asleep because John wasn’t young anymore.
“here...Sherlock?” he finished with a sigh when he spotted the large gaping hole of where Sherlock should have been. Sherlock was gone. He shared a look with Lestrade, both knew where Sherlock was heading.
John gently knelt forward and released the drain plug, leaving the hot shower on to keep themselves warm.
“I’d rather not ride in the back of a police car.”
Below his name were two words: Bedside table.
Mary scoffed at him. Her mouth morphed into a sneer. “Fuck off, John. When we met, you said you never wanted children, so don’t-”
“I am the exception. You see she won’t let me in to interview the criminal.” He repeats himself, this time throwing both hands in the air, rolling his eyes then glared at Donovan.
Slender hips tilted upward, John’s hand slid inside the silk pocket.
“I know we did. I know, and I’m sorry. I love you, Sherlock.”
Sherlock nodded and placed a glass of wine in front of him. John was thankful, not knowing if he could survive another sporadic touch while feeling whatever he was feeling at the moment. John snatched the glass and guzzled half. His thirst still burned at the back of his throat. Sherlock spoke and John leaned forward so he could hear the low bass of the detective’s voice over the crowd.
“When I came upstairs, it was closed. I moved it back.”
“I’m perfectly-“
“Of course,” John answered quickly, and then he added, not bothering to hide his satisfaction. “Is that what we are then? In a relationship?”
“Yes, make Mrs. Hudson grope your mobile out of your trousers. That would be something! You could’ve gotten it!”
Disclaimer: I don't own Sherlock, BCC or any other variations. Cheers.
“I’m not the one she’s currently fixated on.”
“Brilliant,” murmured John. Sherlock’s mouth turned up at the corners, seemingly fighting back a smile. John smiled at him anyways, telling Sherlock that he understood.
“Where’s Sherlock?” questioned Lestrade as he rubbed a hand over his tired features.
“Yup. We only have a bit of time to spare before starting our search for Issac Spoo and ask why our mysterious texter wants their life.”
“DON’T, JOHN!”
Disclaimer: I don't BBC Sherlock or any other variations. Cheers.
Sherlock snorted. “The Ghost of the Consulting Criminal. Is this the official working title for next blog entry?”
“You don’t know anything anyway, Lestrade. There’s always something you miss,” Sherlock stated flatly.
It was at that moment that the mobile in question chirped, echoing through the flat. “Impeccable timing, John.”
The bright sunlight momentarily blinded him for a second. John waved for a cab, and by some miracle, one pulled to the curb. Wordlessly, John ushered the detective inside before joining him. He slammed the door closed. His mobile buzzed in his pocket. John cursed lowly. He had other priorities other than catering to another Holmes.
‘Are you scared?’
Sod that.
Peeking through the doorway, John found Sherlock in the same position. Still pouting, balled up on the couch. “You know, if you’re bored, do some experiments, you have body parts in the fridge, play your violin at obnoxious hours or shot the walls again. You are creative, think of some way to entertain yourself other than the drugs.”
John paused. He swallowed heavily; recalling the last two times that Sherlock had composed a piece. One: The Woman. Two: Was something that he wished to move on from.
John waited with baited breath as his skin pounded. His lips buzzed, recalling their kisses. The air pulsed, charged, like every other moments when their eyes connected. John knew Sherlock had his walls up, but he was still hoping that Sherlock would say something. Anything at all.
Within the reporters, he could see black cameras, pointed at them in dark shadows, hoping that they would catch any remark about anything if John or Sherlock decides to open their tightly shut lips. There were several questions about Izard’s case, about the killings, even about Janine of all things.
“And what if that’s not enough? Are you going to leave him if he doesn’t give it up?”
“Tilt your hips up, would you?” John groused.
“What was stopping you from having another row with the wall then?”
“When I call…answer your damn mobile from now on.”
“Oy. You missed this morning.”
“Tell Molly to text once the bodies are at St. Barts. I want to look over them in the lab.”
“Well, it’s always nice to ask first.”
“Knowing your brother, I’ll probably be divorced by the end of the day. I wonder if also he saw us…” John couldn’t get the words; ‘SHARING A BED’ out, but waved a hand between them. A heated blush crossed over his face. He pulled at the collar of his shirt. This thing bubbling between them was…strange enough. The cameras would have to go. Definitely.
“Please John. I need more. Please…” The look that Sherlock threw him, along with the words, John knew he couldn’t resist.
The consulting detective whisked through the door seconds later, his coat rustled through the wind as he strode away. “Not this one, John. Do keep up.”
“Gavin.”
“Sherlock was attacked by the suspect in custody. Dimmock is taking him to the hospital.”
An unopened box of water-based lubricant sat on top of what looked like magazines inside the bedside drawer. John blinked at the lube, and he poked at the magazines. QX. John bit back a yelp of shock. Those were his. He bought them years ago, all because of Sherlock. Not like that!
She ignored the detective in the kitchen and turned back to John. Mrs. Hudson walked towards the fireplace. She shook her head at Sherlock’s dust collection, which covered the whole state of the flat. “Such poor manners, if I ever get to meet his mother…”
Moriarty shook his head and he pushed the wheelchair forward, edging closer to the water. “No, no, no. That wouldn’t be like him, would it? Not enough flair for a dragon slayer, too predictable, too boring and he wouldn’t risk you… not his pet. He’s hiding someplace, holding a little red light to my forehead this time, tell me, is there a light on my forehead?”
John heard and felt the sigh from Sherlock.
Moran grunted as he shifted in his seat, pulling out a carton of cigarettes from his back pocket. Swiftly, he fished one out of the box, perching it where the first one had been.
Sherlock punched the button for the lift, and answered. “To study the phone and notes that you found at the crime scene.”
Oh, how John felt the same way. He never thought he would have someone to love so desperately, or have someone to love him so deeply. He was, and is a physically and mentally broken army veteran. Who would have thought he would fall in love with an equally scarred man?
The detective sighed dramatically, like it was the most obvious thing in the world. To him, it probably was. “Only two reasons why couples do not wear their rings, marital disputes or cheating. There’s an indention on his finger, the ring has been recently removed. He told you boyfriend, instead of husband; I want to know why.”
Sherlock hummed at him. “Yes, and a door attendant.”
“No, not off…well he could be” John shrugged, before adding, “Have you never seen him do his mind palace bit before?”
John got out of the beaten red car, and tucked the Smith & Wesson in the small of his back. The Beretta could remain in his hand, thank you very much. He locked the door, and went marching across the car park. The facility was kept neat, along with the hedges. An abstract fountain splashed in the corner. It seemed to radiate an atmosphere of peace. But the actual feeling walking into the place was far from peace. The atmosphere swirled like impending war, and John was on the front lines of it. He paused in front of the glass doors, took in his hardened reflection, took a deep breath, pulled open the door.
“You keep behaving like that I won’t, and I’ll let you starve.”
It had been two months since Mary’s disappearance. Would he still be with her if she were here? He had been ready to pack before; everything had gone down the metaphorical drain. What would’ve happened with Sherlock then? Three sharp raps rattled the loo door jolting John out of his thoughts.
Inbox(1)
There was silence in the lab for several minutes, waiting for the black screen to change. Waiting for anything to happen really, John thought he hadn’t pressed play because nothing was happening. He was going to press the button again when the screen flashed over to an up close zoom on Mr. Hageman huddled in a darkened corner, looking far rougher than when John had first seen him inside the interrogation room as Jack Ripper. A river of blood flowed from Hageman’s nose, bubbling when he tried to breathe and whimper at the same time. His eyes were glassed over. The criminal was also nursing his left arm, crooked at an unusual angle, which was probably the cause of the piteous noises.
The detective nodded.
“JOHN! Stop gossiping with Lestrade! We have a case!”
Peter brightened. John saw his blue eyes roam over him just as Sherlock’s did. Luckily, John didn’t flush under the gaze, not like he had with that overgrown idiot. Thank Christ for that. Instead, it was Peter who seemed to flush under his attention. It was then that he realized how exactly he was the diversion and why Sherlock made him take off his jumper.
Down the hall was room 165. Sherlock’s cultured voice came from the other side of the door, and was followed by another cultured voice: Mycroft’s. Another brotherly spat, evidently.
John yanked his blue wooly jumper over his head and tossed it at the back of Sherlock’s head. His fingers made quick work at the top two buttons of his shirt. “Yet, you mean. I’ve done a lot for you with cases but next time, you strip. You can turn around now.”
There was a noticeable fall in Peter’s face before he suddenly reached into his pocket, and pulled out a pen. He snatched up John’s hand. Numbers bled over the top, covering his skin in messy blue scrawl. Peter stepped away. “I forgot my mobile at my flat today. It would be nice to see a text from you, John Holmes, when I get home. Maybe we could get a drink.”
“Interrogation? An interview? A friendly chat? Take your pick. You were the one who asked for an audience. I’m free to leave at any given time unlike yourself, though murdering three people does that.”
His hand twisted in Sherlock’s hair-, and the next thing he heard was a loud thud.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Inspect me, John.” Sultry, deep baritone bounced off the walls, going strainght to John’s cock that gave a slight interested twitch.
“Partly. Isn’t that what people do in a relationship?”
(See the end of the chapter for
She patted his back. “Thank you, dear. But, you may want to cover up for this next bit.”
John fought not to roll his eyes, thinking that the man probably assumed something of their relationship, like everyone else did. That his thoughts probably fell in the line of ‘Not his date’, ‘Not his boyfriend’, or ‘Live-in P.A’ or some variation of all three. Thinking of Sherlock, John glanced over to him after he sat down. The taller man was fixed like a statue by the window. Arms crossed, stone features, the usual business face. One that painted him as a ‘high-functioning sociopath’ to the outside world and not as man that John knew him to be. Underneath the facade, he could see Sherlock’s mind churning in thought. He could also see his impatience. John cleared his throat, pushing forward because someone had to.
John could feel himself gaping; chin hitting the floor gaping. He walked over the edge of his bed before he could fall ass over tit. “What-”
“There’s a difference between mostly dead, and completely dead. Are you leaving the gun or am I using mine?”
She waved lightly in dismissal. John grinned at her. He returned the wave and continued down the hallway as Molly disappeared behind the closed door. Then he ran when the coast was clear. Hustling to get back to Sherlock’s side and know more about the case, to feel excitement pounding through his veins. His phone chimed in his pocket. He ignored it.
The low rumble lured John closer. More kissing, perhaps more of anything with Sherlock in general was a lovely idea. John was completely all in for more. He’d rather hope Sherlock felt the same.
John brushed over Sherlock’s prostate before the detective could even answer with words. Sherlock apparently answered with the arch of his back, and a gasp of “Oh fuck” from that posh mouth, which would forever haunt John’s fantasies.
Sherlock beamed. The littered papers drifted in the breeze as John watched Sherlock disappear around the corner, the tail ends of his coat vanishing “mysteriously.”- John bet that his collar was turned up as well.
“What?”
“You’re dripping on me.”
“He blames me for you getting back on drugs. I guess in his own way, he’s preventing me from breaking your heart.”
“No. The full print is yours. One partial is mine, and the other unknown. I’ll need a few more minutes to run it into the database.”
“So, your superiors thought it would be better to just close the case, rather than wait for Sherlock?” asked John. “What about real answers for the family? For the husband?”
“I don’t know. I dislike not knowing.”
“I’m not going anywhere,” he mumbled against Sherlock’s mouth, “I have no plans on dying anytime soon.”
“Yes. If we check inside the bedside table, it would confirm that lambskin would be his choice for protection.” John’s eyebrows met his hairline, wondering what Sherlock knew about different types of protection. There was a temptation to ask about it, but upon seeing Sherlock’s focus, John decided against it.
John relaxed and shook his head. It seemed like Mycroft wasn’t just keeping things away from Sherlock. John was going to be the better person and not mess with whatever Mycroft had with Greg and Molly. It simply wasn’t his business. But at least, his friend wasn’t sent here, knowingly, that he was a part of Mycroft’s blackmail. Greg was as whiplashed as John was.
And decided that it was much better to be on her side than not.
Sherlock wasn’t the one who went this time…
“He was going to tell you, convince you that my feelings for you aren’t…strong, to make you step aside when Mary comes back and leave me.”
He pushed open the black door, welcoming the warm air smelling of cinnamon from whatever Mrs. Hudson was baking in her flat. The feeling in his hands returned as he climbed the stairs to the second floor. The music stopped when he walked in.
“I haven’t done that since 6th form,” John panted, looking at Sherlock. The man wasn’t in any better shape than he was. “What happened to the idea of delayed gratification?”
John was aware that his hands were shaking as he opened the door leading into their flat. As he thought, Mycroft was in his dated red chair, a cup of tea perched his hands. He was aware of his anger, and worry. He had thought after finding Sherlock on the plane, it would be the last of it. Not being able to understand how such a brilliant person could be doing that, and underneath of the nose of a doctor. For two months!
