13. INT. JAILHOUSE - DAY
Bringing the gravestone into the house to put over one of his victims was pretty wild.
“I don’t want to fight with you at all, Tony,” said Steve, with a sort of tired gentleness that put butterflies in Tony’s stomach. “I want to learn how to speak to you kindly, how to make you laugh and how to apologize when I’ve hurt you. Most of all I want to learn how to tell you that I love you so you believe it. It kills me that I can love you
There’d been times in his life where that wasn’t true. God knows he’d spent the better part of his teens passively fantasizing about some unforeseen tragedy striking him: an aneurysm, or a lab accident, or even a goddamn city bus. Even later, when he was no longer desperate for a love from his parents that he would never have or trying to drink his problems away, the fantasy would still recur from time to time, particularly when he was stressed or lonely or just desperate for a bit of quiet from the never-ending churn of his own mind. But somewhere between the cave in Afghanistan and the Chitauri invasion, Tony had found purpose, and that purpose had eventually become meaning. It was something to live for, something to (somewhat literally) fill the hole in his chest he’d been feeling as long as he could remember.
Both of you ante up or shut up.
calling it that,” said Steve.
Tony went quiet. Because hearing the L-bomb fall so casually and so despairingly from Steve’s lips was a brand new gouge in Tony’s heart, and he needed a second to recover from it. Steve noticed though, and said, “Did you really not think I was in love with you?”
“Ouch, he is not going to like that,” said Tony with a wince. “JARVIS? Ask Jane to call me later tonight. We need to up her security and deal her into Operation Keep-Thor-From-Combusting-With-Guilt.”
Natasha stood up, cracked her neck, then leaned her palms onto the table and looked around the room.
is showing off,” said Steve, right before he swallowed Tony whole.
“Then what is it?”
All in all, the experience was quite fun and memorable, no less because of these delightful little cookies. Now, a few tips concerning the chocolate:
“Clinton,” he said tersely.
Tony didn’t know what to say to that, so instead he said, “I thought we agreed it would be just the suit down here.”
“Are you sure?” said Steve.
“What time is it?” said Steve.
“I wasn’t, Steve. If I were right then Tony wouldn’t be locked in his lab right now as dead to the world as you are.”
“Wh— is this porn? Are we in a really weird porno right now?” says buddy Steve.
YouKnowWhoIAm
They’d continued walking down the spiral ramp towards the exit when Steve decided to make a tactical sacrifice.
“So that’s how they celebrate my birthday these days,” said Steve drily. Then he remembered Colleen probably didn’t know when his birthday was before this conversation, which meant… yeah, she was gaping at him. Here we go.
Scroll down
CW: Reference to an abusive parent.
They leave momentarily.
to special occasion sweets for the whole family to enjoy.
“We’re done here,” said Tony as he turned again, and if he had to break all the glass in the damn aquarium to get out he would do it, Hulk or no Hulk. But Steve was following behind him.
“How’d you like your first Pride?” Tony asked.
“Why won’t you believe me, Tony?” asked Steve. “Do you really think I’d lie about something like this?”
STEVE
“You’re right, it doesn’t,” said Steve, and Tony had physically stop himself from sighing with relief. “But that’s not the part that doesn’t sound like you.”
“Loki is actually an alien from Asgard!” shooted Steve.
“There was a lot of that going around, Steve, and I’m sorry for my half of it. Kind of glad you returned the card anyway. The Smithsonian sure appreciated it, and they’d’ve never forgiven me if I let you get your big glittery mitts all over it.”
,” Hammer muttered to himself down in sub-basement 2 as he came up to the vault entrance and put in all the biometric data and combinations he needed to get it open.
Imagine anything... unless it's about Interview with a Vampire
I’m sorry, did I give the impression I would be killing you?
Tony already had his debit card out when Natasha caught his wrist in a tight grip.
, no way we can
STEVE
Sandra immediately reached for the taser in the glovebox, but her hand was caught by a slim, pale hand with blood red nail polish and an iron grip.
“Lady and gentlemen!” shouted Tony into his microphone as he led Steve up to the stage. “For one night only, returning to the stage for the first time since 1940-something, Captain! Steve! Rrrrrrrogers!!”
“I don’t know if I’d say
"We've made a mistake," said the one who's called Thor, "We need to go higher, above clint's own floor. Our Clint is a friend who enjoys being high. We need to search higher, clear up to the sky!"
IVAN stands up and puts all of the above items on the table. He takes out a pocket knife to cut the buttons off his shirt.
Clint raises his gun and fires a shot at ENCHANTRESS. A giant green hand reaches out of the mist and catches the bullet directly in front of her, then withdraws.
in my recipes! Here you'll find everything from week-night dinners
ROGERS
“I’m sorry, Steve,” said Tony, willing his voice not to break.
“Steve, I am
If you don’t stop cheating, Phillips, you and I are going to have words outside.
more productive all-nighter than we’d planned, so thank you for that.”
“Mr. Stark?”
“Sandra? It’s Black Hawk,” said Natasha, waving her hand to shush Clint’s snort of laughter. “Remember that sick day you were thinking of taking? Take it on Friday. And tell me where you pump while you’re at work.”
Then Nat pushed an elevator button for herself and turned toward both of them.
Steve shrugged, then replied, “I’d like to be.”
A beam of magic shot towards them, and Steve barely managed to block it in time with his shield.
“Um,” said Tony, as he started to process his mental backlog of things he should be freaking out about and right at the top was “Steve is holding me and petting my hair while I have a panic attack”.
really — not for puppets, not for unobstructed sightlines, not for any reason Tony could think of. Why here? Why now? And also, why hadn’t the girl
too late to say ‘no.’ The world won’t end if you make a scene. Trust the guy who’s made more than his share.”
.fake
“On the sub— Cap, what the fuck did I say was rule number one if you all were going to be living in New York?”
Tony just sighed, which of course made him cough a few petals into his hand that he stuffed quickly into his pocket. No roots that he could feel though. Of
Page seven text:
The familiar limits of Steve’s imagination asserted themselves. Tony might make it on every “Ten Celebrities You Didn’t Know Were Bisexual” list on the internet, but fate had dealt Steve a different hand. He liked girls. Well, he liked specific girls. A certain one with a gorgeous smile and a mean right hook that he’d never gotten the chance to take dancing came to mind. He had a long and beautiful friendship to look forward to with Tony, and he was grateful for that. But sometimes, when he remembered the way Tony’s hair had felt under his fingers when he was holding him close on the High Line, or the curve of Tony’s mouth when he was trying not to laugh at something Steve said, or the warmth of Tony’s callused hand covering his at the poetry slam, Steve really, really wished things were different. That his own name could be on those lists too. But Steve hadn’t been born that way. That wasn’t him. Eventually everything would work out the way it was supposed to, but in the meantime Steve would just have to make peace with the fact that he wasn’t queer, no matter how much he wished he could be.
(waits for STEVE to give an indication that he understood the reference)
Tony kissed Steve gently, but with purpose. It was ginger and it was halting and it wasn’t very refined, but it was real, and that made it perfect. He tried to put a lot of things he couldn’t bring himself to say in the kiss.
You decide to ignore the weird line about choosing your own adventure and reply, “I don’t think that would’ve turned out well for any of us, Tony.”
year.”
coding, but apparently her family had picked up on the one interest and completely missed the other, and Olivia was thrilled to have someone she could talk to who knew what recursion was. Since then, whenever Pepper was in town for more than a few days, he’d take the whole family out to lunch somewhere mostly so he and Olivia could talk shop about whatever they were working on (Olivia had a real gift for coming up with stuff for code to do that was completely useless and
He’s Red Skull.
cold shower and we can go.”
That's the end! Thank you all for reading my goofy story. Let me know whose presentation you liked best in a comment.
The girl bit a nail. A bit of yellow nail-polish flaked onto her lip.
Steve was getting the feeling that if they ever did get that time machine, he’d need to pay Howard an unpleasant visit.
“See, there’s your problem, Steve,” said Rhodey, who was walking right next to Pepper. “Tony is
“No, Steve. It’s a really big show here, and for what? No agenda, no demands, no monologue. And she’s off too. If you asked me to draw a stereotype of what magic users look like, she is exactly what I’d draw. If I didn’t know any better I’d say—”
“So how are we doing this?” said Natasha.
Image: A white nudibranch with black spots. It has two appendages sticking up that look like bunny ears, and its cerrata are so small they look like fur. It looks like a tiny, fuzzy blob with rabbit ears, and it's cute as hell.
“Ok,” said Tony warily. He wasn’t sure where this was going but his asshole-senses told him it was nowhere good.
me, Steve, the pleasure really is all mine.”
COMMON ROOM FLOOR
“Thor?” he said, taking a stab in the dark as he pushed away and found his feet to stand up straight.
Tony was quiet for a moment and softly said, “Please don’t ever ask me to choose between you and my work.”
“Do I look like the kind of guy who carries cash?” said Tony.
Sandra shook her head and said, “I might call in sick whatever day this goes down.”
“Tell you when we get back to the tower. There’s something in the elevator you need to see,” says Tony as you step onto his boot. Minutes later you’re back on your floor of the tower, peering into the regular elevator, with Steve, Nat, and Tony at your back.
“Is that Clint’s gag gift from last Christmas?” asked Bruce.
“If I believed that for a moment, all of you would be dead where you stand. It’s been so informative, watching all of you running around my little maze, but I think I’ll watch from a distance now. Thor is such a domestic delight here, but I have a feeling you won’t let us enjoy our little feasts in peace.” —Enchantress
FIRST
Pepper and Rhodey looked at Steve like he was from Mars, then at Tony, then at each other, and back at Steve.
...Sounds good, piano man.
is the anthropomorphic manifestation of the Hulk containment floor, buddy Clint, but you can call me Donny,” the handsome buckaroo says with a wink.
“Handgun. Reliable, shot straight, easy to clean. I must’ve put in thousands of hours on the range with it. Thanks to that gun, I won enough shooting tournaments to pay for my mother’s medical bills. Saved her damn life.”
“Occasionally. What can I say? You’ve always been hot.”
And they’re dating now.
,” said JARVIS through the speakers.
I’m going to the whorehouse. No way am I missing out on the opportunity to see who our brains cast as old-timey sex workers.
The chain goes slack as THE HULK steps out of the mist, a black metal collar on his neck attached to the chain in ENCHANTRESS’s hand. He looks almost drugged, but he’s still very dangerous and very angry.
Justin sighed and said, “Ariel, could you talk with Dr. Banner for a moment?”
Steve stroked Tony’s hair and gently said, “It’s to make sure you—”
“Everybody search the room until the phone’s location’s known,
And as he and Tony sang the rest of the verse together and Steve looked out and saw everyone else watching them with such open faces of amusement and enjoyment, Steve felt it. The feedback loop. Tony was right, it was downright de-lovely.
4. EXT. WHOREHOUSE - DAY
BRUCE’S FLOOR
I fried terz of bloood & so did Koki & then we frenched.
Thor heard the familiar whine of repulsors behind him, stopped pacing, and closed his eyes, wishing for a moment that he was anywhere or anyone else.
“I never said Amora and I were lovers,” said Thor.
By that point they’d reached the car, so they took a moment to get inside.
“Not right now, Enrique, I’m in a meeting,” said Hammer.
Tony snorted, “Don’t— hang on, that’s not a bad idea.”
Steve smiled and said, “No, I guess not.”
Why are you here, Enchantress?
ENCHANTRESS (CONT'D)
“On your count,” said Thor, as he raised his hammer, the sky darkening in preparation for an oncoming lightning strike.
Notes:
“Steve, you don’t need to—”
“Good. Now go tell Nat and Clint upstairs.”
All were trapped by magic and their way out was to them unknown,
“Maybe. But I’m getting ahead of myself. There I am in the checkout lane stacking egg cartons on the belt, and this woman comes up to talk to me. I figure it’s the usual autographs and ‘did you really punch Hitler’ stuff but no, you know what she asks me?”
Everyone voiced their agreement, except Natasha, who grumbled, “As if any horror movie could be scarier than me.”
“She does seem like the type to mean it that way,” says Natasha thoughtfully. “So that rules out Thor’s floor, Bruce’s floor, and the Common Room floor, potentially.”
“Now we know who the ringmaster is for this circus,” my friend Tony said (I promise he’s not crazy, just very, very eccentric!).
“First of all, fuck you. Second of all, doesn’t something seem off about all this?”
“It’s a poem guys,” said Tony, “Quick, tell me what rhymes with ‘phone.’”
“Then how’s it like?”
“Shall I inform your immediate contacts you should be left alone?” said JARVIS.
steve_rogers
“No,” said Tony. “In case you didn’t notice, Clint and I went shot for shot at karaoke a month and a half ago.”
May got consumed by more Avengers business. Some guy calling himself Dr. Doom showed up in London with a robot army, and he successfully took over the city for a bit. Ousting him took some careful planning, some creative application of Thor’s lightning, a lot of punches into solid metal, and then another couple of weeks of clean up and tracking down escaped Doom bots. But as soon as they finished and came back to New York, Tony had to fly to California for a few weeks of what he called “the annual corporate bullshit.” And Steve tried to throw himself into his work in Tony’s absence, but something had shifted in his life. The time he’d spent with Tony had felt so unbelievably
, Steve, can you pull your head out of your ass for five seconds and
(...)
He’s French.
“Professional courtesy. You should be honored - that’s a rare commodity with me, according to Pepper. JARVIS, get me the schematics for the model 5 boot propulsion system.”
“I mean, I don’t know the language. And if I wanted to learn it I’d need at least a month. Maybe a week if I had nothing else on my plate but—”
,” said Steve in that special voice he reserved just for the kind of impatience Tony inspired.
They were on their way out the door when Tony said, “Crap, now you know everything you could ever need to know about rib vaults and not a damn thing about keeping a date happy.”
Natasha is correct. Amora would have liked nothing better than to watch us think we’d succeeded, and then fail, which means we’re in the right place. But she is likely either here already or on her way to move the artifact, so we must work quickly to find it again.
You don’t move for a few seconds as you process how much that hurt. But when you hear the repulsor whine a few feet away, you get very angry again and start to stand up.
Feathered, green Amora as a bird had through the window flown,
“Why don’t we shove every one of these MRE’s straight up your ass,” said the General, his eyes as hard as flint.
“Is this what it’s like when you’re making out with me and I’m still thinking of a project?” said Tony.
if we’re making educated guesses, then I say we put the roof, Clint’s floor, the pool, and the gym in the unlikely pile. And that we start looking in the middle and move outward.”
“I… sang in church?” said Steve.
“You would not
I still have the most powerful weapon on earth,” said Hammer.
Tony squinted at Rhodey and Pepper. They were trying really, really hard to look innocent right now. And now Tony realized what they’d been talking about before they’d come into the theater to join him and Steve.
“Why do you think I’m angry with you?”
Tony turned toward Steve, who was looking at him with his brave face on. Which meant he was terrified. Why was Steve terrified?
GALAGA GUY
“If Steve’s gonna be thrown off the scent, they’d probably have to actually get it. I’ll just give them some bad kibble to eat or whatever,” said Tony.
regret it.”
“It never made it to the blog post, but she said, ‘you’re more than a few steps from freedom’,” says Bruce.
“Yes, Bruce is very worried about the fish. Anyway, you’ve now got the afternoon all to yourselves. You can talk it out, fight it out, fuck it out, whatever you have to do. But please, for the love of God,
AMORA
it means you’ll come back to me. I need you to promise you’ll always take the harder path. Take the risk. Because if you don’t, if you choose the sure thing and sacrifice yourself to save the day when there is any other option available to you, I will haunt you, Steve. I will find a way for the living to haunt the dead, and you will not rest in peace. Do you understand?”
“We uh… we didn’t have a lot of money so when I got home I realized I only had the socks I was wearing on my feet,” Steve continued. “And I tried to lie to ma about where the other ones had gone. But she saw right through me so I ended up having to… to tell her. And she told me she wouldn’t buy new socks for a reason that stupid and took me to go and collect them.”
“Yes. Yes, Bruce, there’s a surprise party. I know you have work to do, but could you come, please?” says Steve.
CatNat
Bruce looked up from the papers he’d been reading on the workbench surface and startled at the sight of him.
“How do you mean?” you ask.
,” said Nat, and the authority in her voice was unmistakable, “Get into the elevator.”
“That doesn’t have to be the main reason!” said Tony. “We can get a cat because it’s… I dunno. Do we have mice? We can get mice for the cat to eat. And by a happy coincidence, we’ve had enough proximity to cats to decide we don’t have to watch a musical about them.”
Crap, Bruce was right.
“I’ve been looking into you. You’re smart, Sandra. It’s not just
NATASHA
. Then Steve found his voice and said, “Those are all attributes of a good PI in a detective novel. So let’s play this out, detective. A phone’s gone missing. You’ve concluded your investigation. What were your findings?”
STEVE
Afraid so.
[CONTINUED]
Steve pressed another elevator button.
“It’s not the booze or the tunes, so… you’ve never sung a song before. You’re allergic to ABBA. You were beaten up by a gang of microphones as a kid. You’re actually three raccoons in a Steve suit—”
Outfit: 9
home, Tony. I’ve
“I’ve got a lot more than that in me,” he said, and his voice was low, and Tony had to remind himself not to start kissing him again.
Bruce shakes his head a bit and says, “It could mean that not only is the artifact not on Thor’s floor, but it’s not on the floors above or below it. The ‘more than a few steps’ might be the literal steps to another level of the tower,” says Bruce.
“No, Tony, he really can’t,” said Steve, but there was a thread of tenderness to what he said that made Tony’s chest ache to the point where he was downright hacking clumps of petals into his hand.
“I don’t see why that’s a problem if—”
“Steve, you idiot!” Tony shouts, as your skin starts to green, “Trying to take him by force was the obvious dumbass option, why’d you pick that!?”
“You wouldn’t
“Are all ace jokes off the table or just that one? I can think of a few I wouldn’t mind dying in my sleep for,” said Tony, as he led everyone away from the common room and toward the elevator bank.
...Keep your money, Ivan. We’re done here.
WHO IS SHE?
for something like this,” said Clint. “But that only gets us in, not out.”
Steve laughed and said, “Tony, are you sure you’re not just
Much Ado About Nothing also wasn't playing for Shakespeare in the Park in the summer of 2013, but a play about two idiots who're crazy for each other but can't seem to get together until their friends scheme to set them up just felt appropriate for this chapter for some reason.
“Howard again,” said Tony.
“Only if you want to,” said Tony quickly. Then he added, “I know I sort of cornered you, in that bathroom and at the noraebang, and I don’t feel great about that.”
Clint leaned in and poked a finger at  Tony’s chest.
“I could never hate you, Tony,” said Steve earnestly.
ARGUMENTS FOR:
Before BRUCE can reply, there’s a gunshot and he’s bleeding at the shoulder. A second later he’s turning green and growing in size. The rest of the group takes cover as more gunshots rain down on them, and THE HULK roars and runs toward one of the SHOOTERS. STEVE reaches for his shield, sees it’s not there, and realizes it’s become the sheriff’s star on his shirt in this universe. He gives an exasperated sigh, takes out his hand gun and starts returning fire. NATASHA digs into her little beaded purse, pulls out a small revolver and also fires. THOR takes his hand gun out of his holster.
“Tony, what is all of this about? Why do you think it doesn’t matter that we’re in love with each other?”
CallMeDarcy
“You’re going to say it’s time for me to give up,” said Steve. “That Tony’s not going to get better, and he isn’t going to accept that I love him as desperately as he loves me. And that’s unacceptable, Doctor. I will not do it.”
The whole table snorts a little at that, Tony the loudest.
“I should’ve beat the shit out of Howard,” growled Steve, and Tony could see him clenching and unclenching his hands. “I didn’t even see it. I could’ve done
“But I didn’t realize how much overlap there was between ASL and facial expressions and body language and just using space in interesting ways. It was pretty neat to watch. And I now understand way better why ASL-translating gloves never seem to take off when they get reinvented every other year or so.”
Page ten image:
“Oh, you know what?” said Tony as he started scoping out escape routes, “I need to—”
You lunge after him and while he flies to dodge, you manage to hit the bottoms of his hurt-light-shoes, which causes him to fly through and shatter the giant windows on this floor. You’re about to lunge after him when you feel strong arms close around your neck, the same strong arms that tried to drag away the small you.
“You’re the CEO, who else’s choice would it be?”
YouKnowWhoIAm
Tony rolled his eyes but said nothing because yeah, that was fair.
“Hey Tony,” came Steve’s voice, along with a gentle touch on the shoulder.
Quoth the smartphone: *its ringtone*
“Tell Jarvis to suck it, then send a car directly to this spot. I am never moving again.”
, Steve, and it might not be one of us. And I have enough deaths on my conscience, ok? Now I know right now you can’t stand me and God knows I am not friends with you either, but we have to
steve_rogers
Peggy!?
“Eyyy, pardon me, dames, can any a youse help a Brooklyn boy find da lobby?” said Clint with a fifty watt smile and his very best Brooklyn accent. “Bein’ ninety-five and all can really turn a fella around.”
“I didn’t realize Captain America was teammates with ‘Iron Stark.’”
this, but take some credit for your damn work, Tony.”
Mmy name is Natasha Nigtshade Blood’ness Vampira Way Romanov an I am a goth fampire and I hav a hot boyfriend & we r in luuuurrrrvvvvv
“Nat knew what she was doing; there’s nothing wrong with you that a few days of taking it easy won’t cure. But make sure you drink that gatorade,” said Bruce as he took out Tony’s IV.
“You know what would make me a lot happier than wearing a replica of a scarf I knit, Tony?” asked Steve, and now his other hand was running down Tony’s arm. “Have dinner with me tonight.”
There was cronuts for Tyra, who’d fangirled out and sobbed through the whole thing. Pumpkin scones from Alice’s Teacup for Jacob, who wouldn’t get off his phone. Momofuku crack pie for Angela, who wanted to know if the super soldier serum affected Steve’s sperm because her biological clock was ticking. Maine blueberry pie from Peetee’s Pies for Michael, who was way too handsy. Cupcakes from Magnolia bakery for Crystal, who he “just wasn’t feeling it with.” Morganstern’s ice cream for Lyra, who thought dogs laid eggs. And now, something was wrong with Brian, and Tony thought he’d been really careful with this one.
“Pepper would kill
“Aww, don’t let Thor hear you say that when he gets back from Asgard. His Mom practices magic.”
“Sir’s presence is absolutely
“Don’t you
“I could call another suit, see if a repulsor gets through,” said Tony as he gave a left uppercut.
“J, find a duet me and Steve would both know,” Tony called over his shoulder.
All-American
he was going to think about it.
Tony shivered, and Steve started sucking a hickey into Tony’s neck.
,” he said quietly.
Of course I didn’t forget you, Pegs. You’re my best girl.
Bruce said nothing, but grasped the side of a nearby desk for support.
“It rules out the furniture and Clint’s grickle-grack trees, whatever the hell they are,” says Natasha with a shrug.
“‘Maybe I should hire him,’ ‘Don’t hire him, he’ll find that patronizing,’ ‘Maybe I should buy the Dodgers and move them back to Brooklyn,’ ‘If he hated the baseball card, he’s really going to hate that,’” recited Tony.
Page five image:
...From his friends.
“Y’know, I’ve read the LGBT handbook. No rule says you can’t propose twice.”
“Yeah, Tony, I think they could,” said Steve a little smugly as he continued to carry Tony to the ambulance.
“Hi,” said Steve.
“But Butterfingers also isn’t a sailor in a 19th century epistolary! This is a completely
And Tony really should not have found that as hot as he did.
“They are not,” says Steve.
“Yeah, Um. Thank you, by the way. For… during the last poem.”
“This costume’s warm for June,” Steve mumbled.
Steve shuddered at the thought of Tony in danger twenty floors below, but trusted him and Nat to watch each other’s backs. Squaring his shoulders, he pushed the mop and bucket across the room, glancing around him as he did. The floor was empty except for a few stragglers finishing up the day in their cubicles. It looked like most people had already gone down to the party.
“That’s really all it’ll take to short the motion sensors and lasers in the vents?” said Steve. “One lightning strike?”
“C’mon,” said Steve, as he got up. “Let’s take a walk.”
“Just what I said. I wish I did like guys. If I did I—” Steve felt the longing start to choke his words. “I just can’t, ok? I wasn’t born that way.”
One of the Howling Commandos. Shot bullets real good. Spoke English real not good.
The Halloween Parade is the one thing on this list I haven't actually been to, hence the strategic framing as right past it. My friends who've gone have said it's a lot of fun though.
“Idiots with
Don’t hate me ‘cause you ain’t me.
Thor put his arm around Steve’s shoulders in another joint-cracking side-hug. “When you’re ready, Steve,” said Thor.
Tony tipped up the magnifying goggles he was wearing and turned around.
STEVE
“Were you in any school plays? Recitals? Go caroling in the old Brooklyn neighborhood?”
“JARVIS! You already know what I’m about to say.”
“Yeah, we’re good,” said Natasha as she secured the long, scepter-shaped case next to her.
“See, I’m glad we’re practicing, Steve,” said Tony in his normal voice. “Because we’re catching some amateur hour mistakes here. Most dates don’t like it when you tell them to shut up.”
“No,” said Thor, “She is a danger, though this universe did change her,
(See the end of the chapter for
The viewscreen shows a Romulan bird of prey firing on THE AVENGER. CAPTAIN STEVE ROGERS shakes off the hit his ship just took from a photon torpedo. He takes in that he’s sitting in the captain’s chair on the BRIDGE and appears confused. With him are HELMSMAN CLINT BARTON, OPS AND SECURITY OFFICER THOR ODINSON, and COMMANDER NATASHA ROMANOV.
“Yep! Could be going for state secrets or just a grab at your junk - doesn’t matter. What matters is she played you. That’s called social engineering, also known as being a con artist, although when non-professionals use it it’s called ‘being a manipulative asshole.’ It’s the skill of hacking human behavior to get others to do what you want them to do.”
Steve ducked and said, “Obviously hers, you don’t fight like this.”
and so did Steve, his fingers tangling in Tony's hair and his teeth catching on Tony's lip, making Tony groan with want. There was just so
“I’ve been meaning to change jobs for ages anyway,” said José. “Been here five years and that idiot still thinks my name is Enrique.”
ODINSON
to take care of yourself. I know you’re still going to forget to eat and sleep sometimes, a
Do you trust me, Steve?
“I don’t want to talk about him,” said Steve.
STEVE
You roll your eyes and shake your head as Nat, Tony and Steve disappear down the hallway toward the elevator bank. This is definitely the weirdest prolonged prank you’ve ever been a part of, and you hope your friends get to the punchline soon.
And after Bruce left, Steve tried not to think of the last time he’d heard that phrase, when he’d been saying it to Tony in the observation deck. Right before his life had changed forever.
“Hope there’s food in Thor’s universe. I’m getting hungry,” said Tony and everyone else murmured their agreement as Nat pushed the button for Thor’s floor.
NATASHA’S FLOOR
“The hell is it to you what I drive?” asked Sandra.
a back of his mind, so of
Aye, Captain.
Steve’s breathing was hard and his voice was wrecked, but he managed to get out, “Do you really want to take my virginity in the New York Aquarium?”
“More like ‘beat it away with a stick at boarding school.’ Night was the only time I got to myself to tinker without interruption,” said Tony as he sat down next to Steve, a container of leftover lo mein in hand.
“What?” said Tony.
“A for effort, Cap, but you can’t trick Hanahaki into thinking you have feelings that you don’t,” said Tony, not quite hiding the hurt in his voice. “Believe me, people’ve tried.”
P.S. I haven't made this recipe in a while, and the proportions are as best as I can remember (recipes from my family tend to be of the "add however many eggs you feel like" variety). If the end result seems a bit off, sorry. The next time I make this I'll go back and make corrections.
YouKnowWhoIAm
(casually tosses his hammer in the air and catches it deftly)
1. EXT. THE MOUTH OF A MINE SHAFT - DAY
“Frank, I know you’re trying to be nice, but that’s not in the cards for me. I like girls.”
Steve was laughing so hard he was leaning against the wall for support, and Tony was laughing too because Steve’s laughter was infectious.
“Steve, there is literally no way I could explain this to you unless you were reading a very specific kind of terrible fanfiction on the internet circa 2006. Suffice it to say Nat is going to dress weird, talk weirder, and make the weirdest decisions until we can get her into the elevator.”
YouKnowWhoIAm
KISS!? Is that what happened on Nat’s floor?
“He tried to kill you,” said Steve as he picked up the scepter case.
“Please define normal behavior for Captain Rogers, Mr. Stark, and Ms. Romanov,” says JARVIS.
9/10. Records seem to indicate she was into Steve and Steve was into her. And I will be disappointed as hell if Steve didn’t shoot his shot. But Steve’s a shy idiot so he might not have.
“The knockout dust I was stuffing in Clint’s arrows when I fell asleep at the workbench and just rolled my head in it, yeah. Ok. Wait, is that why I fell asleep at the workbench?”
“On a normal day, I’d say fantastic. But um… literally every single part of me hurts.”
Fury would probably send me to take care of him, and he’d be an easy mark for me.
In the interest of working quickly, it seems like there’s no point keeping it to yourself anymore, Bruce. What is it we’re looking for?
“How bad?” asked Clint, who’d just sauntered into the kitchen.
“Hey, what about that time I baked you brownies?” said Tony.
Page 12 text:
9. EXT. WHOREHOUSE - DAY
1/10. Call me crazy, but I just don’t think he’s Steve’s type.
“Yes, Tony,” said Pepper. “And this is the point in this recurring conversation where I point out that you and I
can’t get the damn stuff off.”
You see this phone? It literally has my name on it. So we’re good, right?” Tony almost pleaded.
“I joined the army because at that time at least, we were fighting for something
A moment later he heard a familiar whine and willed himself not to panic. It was always a possibility that he’d come in the suit, and it was something he’d prepared for. Tony Stark could invent an arc reactor with junk from old missiles, and Justin Hammer could talk a zebra into investing in lion futures. He had this in the
“I don’t think that was the reason. And if you haven’t expelled the root yet, you’re not kissing me now because you finally believe me.”
“No, Nat. Just some evil magic making us do stupid things, but nothing that bad,” said Tony as he held out a hand to help Natasha up.
“Well, Mr. Pup— actually, your buddy’s already got a claim on that name. Do you have one of your own? Nope, changed my mind, don’t care, your supervillain name is Bob now.”
“Mmhmm. And who programmed JARVIS, Tony?” you say as the four of you walk toward the elevator.
“Yeah sure,” said Doug, getting up to join him.
What were you born under a rock? Betty fucking White! Rose Nylund, the jewel of St. Olaf! And yes, that is Steve lifting her on a motorcycle before her career took off.
I put on a blac bra & a riped MCR shirt so ppl could see my pale skin under and then I wore a red plaid skirt with a black belt with loss of metal studs, black riped fishnets and combad boots. I put on white foundation with black eye shadow and purple lipstic & I wore 3 sets of studs i my ears that had moons on them bcuz I am a werwolf.
“I’ll tell you this much: pretend we’re in tuxes and it’s one of Fury’s godawful schmooze events.”
. Unbelievable.”
“It’s another way of praying, Tony.”
possible to project a field over something that tricks anyone looking at it into thinking it’s somebody else’s problem, so their eyes just slide right over it. It’s called a SEP drive, short for ‘Somebody Else’s Problem.’ Which… is how we got on this topic. That I’ve been talking at you about for fifteen minutes.”
“What could that be?” asks Bruce.
.fake
Rated:
STEVE
You can thank the
“Tony, look at me,” said Steve. Tony looked at Steve’s feet, because that was the best he could manage right now. But it was useless, because seconds later, Steve’s hand was on his chin, forcing their eyes to meet.
I guess that’s fair.
Everyone starts talking at once again, so you say loudly, “Either we all take turns talking, or I am resurrecting the talking-shield from those team-building exercises we did last month.”
anymore,” said Steve.
CLINT
Steve shrugged and said, “I don’t shut down any time someone makes a dick joke anymore. I’ve got you to thank for that.”
Tony stormed out the door, ready to punch God. The rain had let up to a light misting and the wind had died down a bit, but he was still cold and soaked and phone-less.
sit well with Tony, so after not very long he said, “How are you?”
Natasha smirked and said, “Because he’s got to feel like he has home field advantage for what comes next.”
“This is yoru only warning, u prepy motherfuckers!” I shooted moodily & I beard my fangs. Blood dropped down my chin & onto my tits & made a pentagram (I am a Santanist).
José reached for his walkie-talkie and said, “New orders from Hammer. Meet us on the second floor, we’re moving the intruders.”
“He gets tunnel vision when he gets his mind set on things. Usually it’s tech or coffee, but sometimes it’s food. He’s not trying to be rude,” said Steve, a little defensively.
YouKnowWhoIAm
Tony exhaled a bit through his nose and said, “Does that mean you’ll purse your lips disapprovingly every time I talk to our hypothetical kids about why I don’t believe in heaven? Because that’s just a recipe for resentment.”
The video cut to a picture that looked like it was taken from the inside of a bank vault, and a shocked mutter went around the table.
“I mean,” Steve said between kisses, “I’m sure Bruce is up for some late night Scrabble or something.”
“No, it’s fine,” said Colleen quickly, “I just— man, you could give Joey Chestnut a run for his money, y’know?”
“S’fine,” said Steve through gritted teeth. Blood was pouring out of his nose.
Steve felt his heart in his throat.
“We could try… fire? I dunno, magic really isn’t my— oof!” said Tony as Steve caught him in the gut with the shield and knocked him back.
CLINT
And that's the end! Thank you for reading, if you enjoyed this, let me know what you liked in a comment!
“You don’t have to do that for me, Tony.”
“Can we keep this version of Thor that can cook?” — Tony
Steve snorted, then said, “They teach you that at MIT?”
“Don’t you dare, Clint, don’t you
“It does if you’re egomaniacal and evil,” says Bruce. “I mean, she could’ve meant something else, but to me that sounds like her stroking her own ego with a hint she thinks we’re too stupid to get.”
“Wow, you really don’t like to wait.”
“Yes. Yes we did,” says Steve glumly, before he immediately says, “Hey Bruce, why don’t we go swimming on the pool floor?”
The corpse chair was a nice touch.
SerikElvig
I roled my eyes all the way up till there was nothing but white & pot up my other middle figer. Then I went to see my hawt boyfriend. The prepz tried to followed me because they are jelous haters so I throwed a knif at them.
good old days. “Can I ask you something?”
“I don’t want your
did he look good when he was fucked out.
CW: Spiders
Conventionally attractive white women all disappearing from the same hotel is media catnip, and the owner would be suspect number one.
remember saying ‘Tony, I’d like you to go specifically as February 1942 USO tour Captain America and don’t bother coming if you don’t get the scuffs on the helmet exactly right.’”
who is too stupid to get the hint. What should I tell him it is?” says Clint.
“Do you really wanna spend the next year explaining to every late night host what a QPR is?” said Natasha.
it has to be you, Rogers. One of the suspected Hydra agents we’re tailing walked into the main building fifteen minutes ago with a briefcase and walked out without it. Infrared says the building’s empty, intelligence says it’s probably not a bomb, you’re closest, and I want that damn briefcase.”
I served this at my cult potluck and everyone just loved it! Thank you so much for sharing!
“She never came to any house parties, but I was
“Watch the security footage and then tell me who’s suing who,” Tony spat over his shoulder, and he slammed the door behind him on his way out.
Steve threw Tony’s arms off his shoulders in agitation, and Tony was about to sigh and head off when suddenly, Steve had his hand behind Tony’s head and was slamming up against him into the opposite wall with his body, kissing him hard enough to bruise.
“Is she injured?” asked Steve.
Hammer pursed his lips and looked upward, as if he were thinking about it, then finally said, “Alright, you’ve convinced me. It should go to Asgard.”
Everyone chuckled a bit, then Nat said, “No, Tony, it’s not.”
Tony was quiet again.
[CONTINUED]
Steve stopped, closed his eyes, took a deep breath, and turned around.
Steve heard something heavy
“I know you too, Tony,” said Steve with a smug little smile. “Not as well as you know me, but I’m catching up.”
“Mm?”
“Ok, discourse on the quality of the story aside, we’re wasting time here. But whenever we get close to the elevator, some weird new nonsense like this pops up and derails us,” faid Xteve.
YouKnowWhoIAm
“Gosh, that’s awful forward of you… broad,” said Clint.
“What’s that?”
Bruce’s lab felt so alien compared to Tony’s. It was full of plants and various bugs and fish and small mammals in glass enclosures, and test tubes full of different colored goos. And Steve felt a fresh pang of longing for the metal shavings and cluttered half-finished prototypes he’d come to associate with feeling at home.
Steve swallowed and said, “Yes.”
I know it's not proper CYOA unless there's at least one option coming out of left field that leads to catastrophe, but I didn't want to mess up the simplicity of "You've got six possible hints, choose wisely." So just know that all throughout this chapter, Steve felt Bruce's hot sauce calling out to him like some kind of Eldritch abomination and decided any choice that weird and specific was probably bad news and he ignored it. And if you don't get that reference, go back to chapter ten, choose to take a break, and then choose to add hot sauce to your sandwich.
said Alexis. “I uh… look, can you—”
“I don’t even know what to tell you, Nat,” said Steve, “He doesn’t want to see me.”
steve_rogers
We’ve met.
“I mean it!” said Tony. “Think about it for a sec. The entire human race has these extra sensitive giblets and all we wanna do is mash’em together. Sometimes we even mash’em in each other’s faces! Or in each other’s butts! That’s hilarious!”
Look...
The afternoon had been going so well. They’d talked sci-fi and architecture and hadn’t so much as said an unkind word to each other for over an hour, which had to be some kind of record for them. Initially Steve had wanted to see if it was possible for Tony to talk himself out, but it turns out when you let a genius talk about whatever he likes, you end up getting to learn a lot of really interesting stuff. And Tony hadn’t used the opportunity to take any potshots at Steve. He could have, especially when Steve decided to risk asking him a few clarifying questions, but Tony hadn’t rolled his eyes or denigrated Steve’s education or whatever other creative insults he could’ve come up with. Instead he’d answered Steve’s questions and expounded on the things Steve seemed interested in and generally behaved like they were having a normal conversation. They were starting their way up the ramp in the museum when Steve realized he was
“Pretty cool, huh?” said Hammer with a broad grin, “State of the art AI. If she were any smarter she’d have
Tony joined in.
Tony blinked, then smacked a hand to his forehead.
But it wasn’t the lewd jokes that were driving Steve’s anxiety. It was the “virgin sacrifice.” Before each show, people who hadn’t seen the movie before were picked out of the audience, brought up to the front of the theater, and then made to do embarrassing activities ranging from wearing a condom as a hat to dry humping a total stranger. And Steve wanted nothing more than to fake some last-minute Shield emergency, but… Tony had asked him to come.
“Playing dumb doesn’t look good on you, J.”
NATASHA
The reason Tony hadn’t gotten a float was simple: if they walked, they’d be marching. If they rode on a float, they’d be performing. And Steve didn’t like to perform.
“What, so I can melt down the drain with you?”
Ok I’m not surprised Steve went for the bland and functional, but I am so disappointed in you, Bruce. “StopBannerTime” was RIGHT THERE! Or “BruceyImHome” or “BruceTracks”. You’ve got at least fifty different levels of pun possibilities and you go with “DrBanner”?
Tony turned back toward Steve and said, “And I’m back in time for Pride! I know we missed a lot of it this month, but there’s a drag show on Friday we could check out.”
“Oh, that’s your specialty isn’t it?” said Tony. “Tell me about it.”
Clint?
“I’m through!” said Natasha, sounding a bit out of breath.
Likelihood of Being Stopped Sooner IRL: 2
“That’s because
“Heyyyy, big guy,” said Tony as he landed beside Thor and flipped up his face plate. “If you’re arguing with the stick, maybe it’s time to call it a day.”
Harold Barton, my father. Tony was right, our brains must be type-casting this place. The real Harold definitely fits as the perennial drunk who belongs in a prison cell.
(AN: Thaks 4 the gud reviows MANASHA IS NOT A GODSUE SE HAS FLAWS!!1! Loki is NOT OOC he got te tatoo becuas he lurves Katasha so much <3<3<3 PREPZ STOP FLLAMING))
“What? Oh
“Right--”
“I didn’t want paparazzi so I didn’t say exactly who we were, but I told them six sumo wrestlers were coming and they should prepare accordingly.”
“It… is… a… tie,” says Tony. “Yep, it’s a tie. You know how Coulson just… loves ties.”
Steve turned off the stove and turned to face Tony. Tony risked a glance in his direction. He looked… amused?
“Oh, Justin. We built this whole plan on the premise that you’re so stupid, we didn’t even have to hack the safe. And you lived down to our expectations
HULK CONTAINMENT FLOOR
Bruce pointed at Clint.
subject himself to a month without fast food just to appease him.
“But the odds of me having it are unbelievably low, since it’s—”
details, let’s
“Hashtag Tony’s Hats ringing any bells?” said Tony.
“That you have the fashion sense of a moody teenager?” said Natasha.
“Because you’d spend the night
Hey, Pepper and I had just broken up and I was looking for some rebound sex. She knew what to expect when she made me go to that party.
“Let’s pretend it’s not magic for a second. Let’s say it’s something else proximity-based, like a bomb,” says Tony. “And it’s a really powerful bomb, but you want to be extra sure that it reaches all the floors of our part of the tower. Where do you put it?”
(beat)
“Just the opposite. I told him I wouldn’t be on call tonight because we were going to this thing and he told me, ‘It’s about time you joined the 21st century, Rogers. But don’t thank Tony for me, I’m still mad about that shit he pulled on Maddow.’”
NATASHA’S FLOOR
Points for practicality and nothing else. C’mon, fellas, I know for a FACT that stabbing is great for core muscles and shapely arms. Let’s see’em!
DRUNK (O.S.)
letting him go.
CLINT (CONT’D)
Tony chose his next words very carefully.
“Was beginning to worry you’d melted down the drain.”
YouKnowWhoIAm
,” said Doug, and before Tony could say another word, Doug and Colleen had disappeared back inside the elevator.
YouKnowWhoIAm
get is why you want this meeting headed by someone who has, on several occasions in recent history, told the entire United States military to go fuck themselves.”
“Damn,” said Steve. “Ok, Nat, I need you to get Clint out, we’re aborting the mission.”
“Elevator’s that way,” he said with a point in the right direction. “You go on ahead, I just remembered I need to take care of something.”
“Starting
“God, wouldn’t it be great if that were true, Steve?” said Tony, and there was so much
shit-faced, bet or no bet. Future Tony could deal with the fallout on that one, present Tony needed a drink like he needed oxygen.
NYC is full of wonderful pizza places. That being said, Clint is correct - L&B's makes the best pizza in the five boroughs. Objectively.
All that being said (actually,
stupid.”
YouKnowWhoIAm
Page one image:
“Yeah,” Tony grunted as he pushed as hard as he could against the top of the unyielding casing, “I’m guessing the suit probably can’t turn upright right now, but on my mark, I need you to fire the repulsors as hard as they’ll go. Mark.”
, the arrow struck true, directly into the red wire coming from the control box just outside the first floor of the Hammerplex. The same instant, lightning filled the air and struck through mjölnir to the arrow’s graphite core, sending a thousand volts of electricity through it and disintegrating it immediately before the camera could even register it was there.
STEVE
The Hulk's read his Elisabeth Schussler Fiorenza, ok?
AN: For Assistive Technology users, you should know the next two chapters are in Times New Roman and have a light yellow background. The desired effect is to make it look more like a paperback novel.
CLINT
You eye the strip of skin on his abdomen that was exposed when his shirt rode up, and catch yourself thinking,
“So sorry to keep you waiting. I had a meeting run long, you know how it is,” said Hammer with a conspiratorial wink.
“Because you’ve never practiced,” finished Tony. Tony spun back around on his stool and resumed working on the circuit board.
Rated:
“Protocol says two people in the video booth at all times,” said Frank. “And besides, if we’re really about to have the Hulk loose, there’s nothing either of
Panache: 3
“You and Captain Rogers removed that coffee pot last week, sir,” said JARVIS.
that Steve Rogers owes me a keychain.”
“Draw something else, Steve. We can go down a floor and you can draw impressionists until the museum closes. I’ll pay to keep it open for you if you want. Just— draw something else.”
, Tony. Not like that. I couldn’t pick a play you would like. The only time I ever tried to call your taste was when I told you to go look at your dad’s Eschers at the museum, and we know how that turned out. I don’t even know why I set you off when I said I hurt—”
,” Steve insisted.
When it looks like Clint and Nat are about to go and ask the Hulk containment floor his opinion on the sexual prowess of the pool, and Tony and Bruce are about to run off to Bruce’s lab to build something that, on the napkin blueprint, has the words ‘14% chance we all die’ scribbled underneath it, you chime in and say, “Alright, break time’s over.”
“If you’re failing hard enough for Howard Stark to rear his ugly head in your psyche, we have officially reached the point where the problem requires outside help,” said Pepper matter-of-factly. “Now let me hang up so I can call the jet.”
you’ll have your cute little demi heart set on someone in no time.”
I’m sorry, I don’t understand. Try to be more specific.
"Right church, now go find the right pew," said Tony.
“Right. And you’re spending all this time with Steve because—”
“I’m on my way,” said Steve as he set off in the direction of the aquarium.
“None of you have any sense of sexual adventure,” Tony sighs as he leans back and puts his hands behind his head.
“The longer I stand here, the more attention I attract,” said Natasha urgently.
“6:00, every day,” said Steve with a grin.
“Hell, let’s practice,” said Tony as the car pulled up to the Cloisters and let them out.
“I always worry the night before a mission. And this mission isn’t exactly my usual wheelhouse.”
You feel the corner of your mouth turn up into a smile as you look out across the table with fondness. After stopping on everyone’s floors just in case someone can see an obvious candidate for the artifact that no one else can (which had meant concomitant magic costume changes on every floor this time, much to Tony and Clint's delight when they all found themselves wearing pancake goth makeup on Natasha’s floor) you’d all decided to regroup on Bruce’s floor to discuss next steps, with you driving as the team leader. But the moment you’d all sat down around the table, everyone started chatting at once. It was as if everyone sensed this would be the last break they'd get before seeing this through to the end, and they were going to take full advantage while it lasted. At the moment, Clint and Natasha are ranking tower floors based on which would be the best in bed if they became anthropomorphic (“We used to date, Clint, I know
because of you. The death, the destruction, the devastation — all set in motion because you wanted hot sauce on your damned sandwich.
Tony opens his mouth as if to continue arguing, but Steve holds up a hand to stop him.
Scanning. Internal sensors are reading a small piece of 21st century technology in cargo bay three.
, he thought briefly), although it was immediately followed by the old mix of anxiety and pain and longing at seeing Steve.
kind of unfailingly decent, and sweet baby Jesus, if Tony didn’t get a drink in his hand soon he was going to bash his head against the closest, hardest object he could find.
“Oh that? Don’t worry about it - normal couples also have to cover finances, how we manage our families, and sexual compatibility, but being a billionaire takes care of the first one, we don’t have the second, and the third is self-explanatory.”
“A disgusting, mood-ruining setback,” said Tony, but some of the bitterness he’d been feeling was gone.
“What?” you say.
“I dunno, Tony, I think I’d rather skip it entirely,” said Steve dejectedly.
Tony tried to plow on, “—in a way that won’t—”
“It was a bunch of pictures in an album, Steve, you can stop
Tony walked over to the bed and sat down, and Steve immediately wrapped him in an embrace.
“Rhodey, if you’re about to imply I’ve got a crush on Captain America, I am sticking those chopsticks someplace unpleasant.”
“Not quite,” said Tony. “Slam poetry is a performance. You mix in the sound of your voice and cadence of your speech and your body language to tie the whole thing together. It’s also an acquired taste, so if you hate it you’re in good company.”
“Why not? I think he’d like the movie too,” said Tony’s voice.
of story-telling elements, so it could also be a book, or maybe a DVD. And it’s also got a lot of different elements so maybe it’s something that could show examples of everything we’ve seen, like an encyclopedia.”
“Yours or mine?” he asked.
“True. There’s the potential there to pull a Stark Industries, start changing the world with technology. I’ve noticed the company’s been beefing up its agricultural tech division since you’ve come on. I’m guessing that’s at your suggestion, since it doesn’t compete in that field with SI, and Hammer’s too dumb to realize why that’s a smart move.”
“Pretty sure once we leave this room we’re about to get mobbed by all our friends wishing us congratulations, Tony.”
What the hell was Steve talking about, making up the will? Tony had taken care of that a week and a half ago on his own.
was uncalled for.
“But that’s another thing - I don’t want any kids of mine locked away in a cage their whole lives for their own protection. And biologically, I don’t want to risk the serum giving any potential children five heads, so…”
“Yes, we’re going to be overhauling some things down at security as soon as we’re done here, but what’s important is what her boss had to say on the flash drive she delivered to me.”
“Fine!” said Tony angrily. “I hereby officially declare that I believe Steve Rogers when he says he loves me! Happy?”
“Unfortunately, when I design security, I tend to design it right,” said Tony with a sigh. “The StarkVault is unhackable. Any attempt to plug anything into it or mess with its wiring, or drill through it will trigger the alarm. To get in, we’ll need a retinal scan, a fingerprint,
to push the fight to the river or the park—
“I just keep some of them a little creatively,” and Steve could hear the grin in his voice. “Besides, if he’d actually come to negotiate in good faith, he would’ve had Sandra waiting outside to take the files somewhere secure, and
from the same damn kiss cam.
There was some quiet when, Hammer guessed, Tony communicated with his super friends back at the tower who were watching the proceedings through the suit’s cameras. Then the suit opened in the front and Tony stepped out. Hammer grinned, and blessed his silver tongue.
Page eleven text:
(See the end of the chapter for
“And all of New York City shall be thine, huh? Do you have any
“Anthony Edward Stark—”
“Don’t care. Tell me what it is right now or we are going on kinkipedia and trying every one of them alphabetically until I find it.”
There was quiet for a second, then Steve felt Tony’s hand on his shoulder. Steve looked up and Tony was looking at him earnestly with warm brown eyes. And it was like the entire universe shrank down to the two of them.
>LET CLINT TAKE ENERGY BARS
And Tony told him. And once he started telling him, he couldn’t stop. He told him everything that had happened that day, the big and the small. Every single pebble in the rockslide from hell that had buried him. He glossed over the parts starring Steve but otherwise he just… let it all go. And Steve for his part knew exactly when to ask questions, when to poorly stifle a laugh (because yeah, some of it was funny in hindsight, even Tony was chuckling a bit), when to grumble or tut sympathetically, when to be quiet and listen. Tony had no idea how long they went on like that, but when he finished he felt wrung out. Still pretty crappy, but much less overwhelmed and weighed down.
Steve let his boots click loudly as he strolled across the main lobby to the security desk. All around him, people were turning to stare. The full Captain America suit and shield had that effect. Steve did his best to ignore them as he approached the desk.
in Steve’s voice, and tenderness in his touches, and it felt— it felt—
My fucking dad, that’s who.
“Wow, that sounds like a really great series,” said Steve. “Do you recommend starting with the radio plays or the books?”
You always were gifted at making people think of their mortality.
“I didn’t want you to hear me coughing it up. I’m so sorry, Steve.”
And she was right. Steve had been talking himself out of asking Tony out for months. One way or the other, they had to get this in the open.
“Are you alright, Tony?” came Steve’s voice.
“He’s a
CW: Misogyny and homophobia
“I love you too, Tony,” said Steve, taking Tony’s hands in his. “I have for a while. I just— God, this is not how I wanted to tell you. But I do. I love you.”
job. As soon as we’re done here she’ll probably have yours. Gina, activate the cleansweep protocol.”
Bruce startled again and started to stammer, but Justin just laughed and shook his head.
“Don’t you like Norman Rockwell?” asked Tony.
Can you reroute emergency power to the shields?
Misogyny is such a boring motive for murder.
YouKnowWhoIAm
“See? Steve knows,” said Tony with a wink, which made Steve turn an even deeper shade of crimson.
was a really bizarre movie that had morphed into a sort of performance art piece, featuring performers and props and very lewd jokes for audience members to call out through the course of the movie.
! I'm going to be putting an exclamation point at the end of every sentence I write for the rest of today! I'm that thrilled! It's so good!
(specifically the chapter called "Bondage Forged in Fire") for the story behind the picture on Rhodey's phone.
, Steve thought but swallowed down all the petty retorts and instead said, “You’re right. This can’t continue.”
Everyone winced when they realized what Thor was working on.
Natasha as seen from the waist up, pointing a finger upwards as she speaks
Or else you’re going to have to convince Steve to take it off his list.”
“Careful, Steve. Keep that up and you might talk about some actual feelings there,” you say.
Bruce snorted into his coffee as Tony said, “Steve is
“Nothing… nothing embarrassing,” said Steve a little too carefully.
“I’m sure he’s fine,” said Natasha.
he’s outsmarted our plan to go for the big vault, which gets him and his security in position and focused far away from our
“I’m sorry for keeping secrets from you. We’re going to talk about what happened later,” said Steve.
“Because the only other one was going back to the elevator!” Steve yells. “What, are we just supposed to give up?”
“Why don’t we try the chicken parmesan,” said Tony cheerfully.
Image: A calendar that is absolutely crammed with meetings. Half of them are shaded in blue
“I’ll go,” said Steve, standing up. “JARVIS, find a therapist that specializes in Hanahaki, pay whatever it takes to get them to come as soon as possible. Take it out of my account.”
“Yeah, I’m not doing so hot either. But I’ll be fine by the morning.”
“Steve, we’re never going to be together like that. You need to find someone else,” said Tony.
you need it to be requited with a matching confession.”
LIKELIHOOD VERDICT:
like to cook. Mashing avocados and blending berries and yogurt together isn’t cooking. It’s health food assembly.”
“But seriously, Steve,” said Tony when he felt like he could talk again. “When we joke about sex, we rob it of its power. We feel better about the fact that this embarrassing common experience makes so many of us do such stupid, stupid things. Except asexuals, who are more powerful than God but they have even more reason to laugh at the rest of us. Anyway, what’s the stupidest thing you ever did when you were thinking with your dick, huh Steve? Let’s rob it of some power.”
“Oh come on, Steve, if you’re
“Hey, naming things is hard,” said Bruce as he flashed a light in each of Tony’s eyes.
“Yes?” said Sandra.
Steve hesitated, then said, “Yeah, probably.”
Tony damn near gave himself away coughing up a whole garden. “Could you open your eyes for me?”
And Steve didn’t know how to respond to that except to lean over and kiss him. Then a thought struck him, and he said, “Please tell me you weren’t ring shopping on your phone when you said you were hacking the locks to get us out.”
“That’s what we’re doing, Tony.”
“Interesting,” says Natasha, “So if we see something like a cell phone in the noir novel, or a gun in the kids’ book, that could be it.”
Nazi asshole ousted from Hitler’s inner circle for being too batshit crazy. Too crazy for Hitler! How the crap is THAT possible?
(See the end of the chapter for
“Do you want to have kids?” asked Steve.
In lieu of answering, Tony dropped the peeler, turned around, and pressed his lips against Steve’s. The kiss was soft, and it was hot and it was… itchy?
“That it couldn’t have been the same day. That… God, what’re the odds the worst day of my life would be followed by the best one?”
“That answers my first question. Here’s my second,” said Natasha as she leaned forward. “Tony mentioned SI records indicate that Hammer has a StarkVault in the basement.”
“Bruce and Steve aren’t coming to movie night, I don’t know why I have to,” grumbled Tony.
Ten minutes later he was trapped.
“Jarvis, was my hair just on fire?” Tony asked.
Steve jumped and looked to his right. The actress who’d played Dr. Frankenfurter was in jeans and a tee shirt now, but she still had her makeup on, and she was leaning over the seat next to him with her elbows propped on top of it. She was a bit older than most of the cast, and was definitely one of the more talented performers of the bunch.
HAROLD
“Steve, I’d like to introduce you to my date, Ms. Jade Islington. Jade runs an organization housing homeless vets.”
“Ooh, almost forgot,” said Tony, as he rushed off to the other room and fished a box out of the mail pile, then came back and dumped its contents on the common room coffee table. Inside were pins with the stripes of different pride flags on them.
“Won’t be me. Doing this list with you is the most fun I’ve ever had,” said Steve.
“Change things how?” asked Tony quietly.
THOR (CONT’D)
Tony woke up to a fire extinguisher blast to the face.
,” Steve pleaded.
steve_rogers
“Magic is limited by proximity. For an artifact-based enchantment to affect the tower from Earth’s moon, it would require a likely unsustainable amount of power from thousands of sorcerers working together,” says Thor.
I do. Sort of comes with the bow and arrow territory.
Well, thank you for being so thorough.
“Then it’ll work,” said Thor, a determined set to his jaw.
Hi my name is Natasha Nigtshade Blood’ness Vampira Way Romanov & I have blood redhair with black streaks and purple eyes with gold flecks. I am half campire half werewolf half fae & becuz of that I can see the future & tlak to aminals & I work for Hydra which means I live with a lot of vampires & we save the world from prep vampires who arn’t goth like us. I use knifes tipped in Nightshad (thats how I got my name) & I always wear black. Lik today I am wearing a black leather dress with red lace, black dock Martinis, sparkle skull earrings and riped red fishjets. I had white foundation and black lip stick and lots fo black eyelinner. 2 prep boys came to my floor of the Hydra tower & 1 even laughed at me. I put up my middle finger at them.
I can't send the spirit of Rocky Horror to every baby queer figuring it out, but I'm glad I can send it to a fictional one. And to folks reading this - one of the biggest symptoms of being queer is wishing you were. So if Steve's experience spoke to you, don't dream it, be it <3
THOR walks over half-carrying ARNIM ZOLA (60s, brilliant, snivelling, evil) and throws him at their feet.
Steve arched an eyebrow.
They continued on like that for a few innings, with Steve periodically saving Tony when Doug started droning on and on about war time propaganda posters, and Colleen cracking jokes and talking with Steve about their respective jobs. Or trying to at least; Tony was interrupting them a lot, to the point that sometime in the fourth inning Colleen was clearly getting miffed. Tony had that effect on people who didn’t know him like Steve did.
Clint reached up and turned his comms off, and signalled for Thor to do the same.
Bruce clearly had a thousand questions on the tip of his tongue, but one look at Tony’s face was enough to quiet them.
triptych you should take me to the Cloisters. I’m so glad my date Steve knows me so well,” said Tony.
“Please enact manual override,” said Jarvis calmly, but loud enough to be audible over the non-stop loop of
“Alright, honest opinion of Pride? Too much glitter. Everything else is great, but I’ve taken six showers since Sunday and I
“Yes, you did. You did when you said, ‘Hey, Tony, how about you go to the Halloween parade as Captain America and I’ll go as Iron Man.’”
about the battle for New York. Another guy gave a moving performance about his relationship with his hearing aids and his Hearing friends. One woman performed an enormously creative poem incorporating both
“Come on out now, Miss Romanov. Nowhere you can go,” said Hammer. “And don’t bother leaving the scepter in the vent. We know you have that too.”
“Thanks,” said Steve when Tony came back, and
did she deliver!
“You can send me the imaginary dry cleaning bill.”
“Can I speak to your manager?” said Tony, because the poor girl looked like she was about to cry, and Tony may be an asshole but he wasn’t the yell-at-minimum-wage-workers kind of asshole.
what he wants in exchange?”
I got it in my head to see how many quotes from The Rocky Horror Picture Show I could hide in this chapter and once I started I couldn't stop. See how many you can spot ;)
CatNat
“Don’t worry, Steve, I’ll get a dozen for you too,” said Tony as he patted Steve on the shoulder before he left.
Tony honestly did not remember making the conscious choice to get in his backup suit. It didn’t register to him as a choice he was making until it was already assembled around him and he was standing on the take-off pad just outside the lab with coordinates for
“One second,” said Natasha as she reached for Tony’s gauntlet. Bastard that she was, Natasha had memorized the manual-release sequence and before Tony could stop her she’d clicked the fingers in the right order. A second later, Tony was tumbling out of the suit, landing face down on the landing pad. The suit, now unencumbered by the two people of weight it had been carrying, shot straight up and flew off along its original trajectory.
that Tony was worrying about.
“Yeah, Tony’s on the West Coast doing some corporate bullshit. It’s all over the news. He didn’t tell you?”
if we’re making educated guesses, then I say we put the roof, Clint’s floor, the pool, and the gym in the unlikely pile. And that we start looking in the middle and move outward.”
Tony pressed the third panic button on the remote still in his pocket.
“Aww, Cap, are you worried about little old me?” came Tony’s voice over the comms.
“What happened?” asked Steve.
“Gonna stop you right there, Cap,” said Tony. “Because I’ve been on that particular train of thought enough times to know where it’s headed. There’s nothing wrong with you, Steve. You’re not broken.”
“Is there a horny panic button on the remote? Did you just accidentally press the horny panic button?” Clint wheezed. “Where is it? Tony, where is the horny panic button,
“It’s
“That reminds me,” said Tony as he dug through his pockets. “We’re pretty covered up now but once we get inside we have to check our coats. Clip this to your shirt collar when we do. It’s called a SEP.”
“I know. That’s another reason why I wanted you to stay in the suit,” said Steve irritably, before he said, “Clint, do we have a perimeter?”
“Don’t be alarmed,” said a voice in the back seat.
And Steve was
“I think we can make another educated guess that it’s probably not… there,” you say.
“God, I never wanted this,” said Bruce, “I’m so sorry, Steve.”
“No, the part that didn’t sound like you was when your doppelganger said, and I quote, ‘Is there any amount of money that could make an exact replica of this scarf in any fiber that isn’t wool? This guy I really, really like knit this for me for Christmas and I love it, but I’m allergic to lanolin. I know it’ll break his heart if I don’t wear it, and I’d literally rather die than see him unhappy.’”
So Tony filled Steve in on the history and highlights of the Hitchhiker’s universe: the radio plays and the books and the TV show and the movie; the Vogons, Zaphod Beeblebrox and the answer to life, the universe and everything. He even threw in a few details on how it played into the larger picture of popular sci-fi (
Tony’s eyes lit up with excitement.
“I would never disgrace your names with my shame. And I will never regret the time I have spent fighting by your side,” he said.
“I’d— hm,” said Steve.
Tony rolled his eyes and said, “If I agree to go to therapy, will you please let me go back to my lab? Alone?”
“I thought you
Tony turned his whole body toward Steve and said, confidently, “We should go. You should come.”
“What?”
“Yeah, well, give it time,” said Tony.
“If you’d told me back in January that you two would go from spitting like cats whenever you were in the same room, to pacing like a caged animal whenever you weren’t, I’d’ve checked you into the hospital floor for a mental eval,” said Bruce.
“And Type
“Pepper—” said Tony carefully.
“Then clearly we need to be the weirdest nonsense on the whole floor.” said Tony “Hey! Natasha! Real sorry, but I can’t join your band because of my deepest, darkest secret. You see… I am… Gerard Way in disguise!”
“We need you to be anxious, actually,” said Natasha with a wry grin. “For your part in this heist, we need you to be yourself.”
“I love you, Tony,” said Steve.
“It rules out the furniture and Clint’s grickle-grack trees, whatever the hell they are,” says Natasha with a shrug.
’s first language isn’t English?”
” Tony groaned. Then he closed his eyes, took a breath, and said, “What’d I miss?”
Ten minutes of explanation later, all Natasha could say was, “Thor is never going to let me live this down.”
me, Steve,” said Tony, his voice breaking already.
“I’m in camera thirty-two’s blind spot by the vent opening, but there’s a group of women here waiting for someone and I can’t risk them seeing me go in the vent,” said Nat quietly, doing her best not to attract attention as she stood awkwardly by the vent in the wall on the first floor.
Steve rolled his eyes and crouched down to bridal-carry Tony.
could do about it.”
you I would not be trying this hard,” said Steve as he ran his fingers through Tony’s hair. “You
“What if we say it’s for important Avengers business?”
Only time in the movie he gets to pick his own clothes is the linen suit at the end, which is… fine?
“Director Fury—” started Steve, who had also gotten out of his defensive stance.
Steve made to put the back of his hand against Tony’s forehead but Tony swatted it away with his free hand.
Eventually you start to get dizzy. A moment later you lose your footing and start to stumble.
“Yeah, but Steve?” said Tony as he smiled and brought his hand up to stroke the side of Steve’s face, “It was a really good minute.”
Steve did, and he could practically feel the hologram moving her hand to the side of his neck as he heard her say, “And maybe when we’re finished talking about that event, we can talk about some… other things too.”
“I think you know why I’m here, Mr. Hammer,” said Steve as politely as he could.
Everyone looked at Bruce, who then added, “If we’re looking for the person in this elevator who most deserves to be banished to a hut on a barren asteroid where he can’t hurt anybody, I’m definitely the winner here.”
“Please don’t do this, Tony,” said Steve, and despair was so raw it was like another brand new gouge straight in Tony’s heart.
Suddenly, the warehouse was alive with a different staccato sound: applause.
“What’s that?” asked Tony.
And just like that the pre-battle buzz was gone, because no, Tony was not punching teenage girls if he could help it, today or any other day.
are practically
“Jarvis, barricade the door,” said Tony.
“You’re right, the atmosphere’s way worse in these suites,” said Steve.
Wake Me Up Inside
“I’m sure Tiffany can deal with it,” said Steve as he sat on a bench and faced a wooden statue of a Madonna and child and balanced his sketchpad on his lap. “Now go wander the museum for a bit. Meet me in the chapel with the tombs in an hour.”
You grab at Steve, but he’s strong enough to push your hand away and run down the length of the hallway. Behind you there’s the sound of your other fight-friends shouting, but your quarry is in your sight. He runs to the large room you recognize as the one that can take you to the quiet place. You do not want to go to the quiet place. You want to smash Steve. You’re about to turn away, not taking the bait, when you feel something else hit the side of your head: a shoe, thrown by Steve.
“Steve, I had an extra friend I could talk to in my first language and you didn’t think I’d want to know that?”
“Pretty sure you’re in no position to judge the tackiness of Steve’s glasses, with the sunglasses you wear Tony,” said Clint from his position outside the front of the building in a disguise so perfect he was functionally invisible.
YouKnowWhoIAm
“You want to fill in my lines for the rest of this conversation?”
“I know, Steve. But that’s where I stand on the question of kids. What about you?” said Tony.
“Unbearably,” said Tony. “Can we go now?”
“I mean,
Bruce had woken up face-down and semi-naked in more places than he could count, although this was the first time he’d done it in an elevator. How the hell had the other guy even fit inside?
“Why can’t I be the one to ride in the wagon?” Thor joked. He was wearing a lesbian pride flag like a cape that a “group of magnificent shield maidens” had given him to wear today, because “lesbians for Thor” was definitely a thing and Thor was more than happy to enthusiastically embrace every kind of new Midgardian friend, especially ones that shared his appreciation for good-looking women without being creeps.
Bruce? I’m guessing you’re in... sickbay?
Tony held up the back of his palm against his forehead and struck a melodramatic pose.
” breathed Thor as electricity crackled around his fingers.
metric, the two of
“Yeah so, I have a
Haven’t seen you around here in a while, sheriff. Was beginning to think you’d forgotten little old me.
“You ok, Steve?” said Bruce as he came down the stairs from his floor. He was wearing a leather jacket, pants with chains on them, cowboy boots and a fake bloody gouge across his forehead.
Tony gave Steve a curious look for a second, then he laughed.
steve_rogers
“No, I really didn’t. I said I’d think about it. Because what you’re describing is really, really different from the way me and everyone else I knew was raised when I was growing up. I need to do some reading on what it’s like, raising children in mixed faith households and how other Christians do it. I need to research whether what you’re describing is good and healthy for a child, and honestly I need to pray about this. I don’t know enough about this to give you an answer yet. That’s not the same thing as ‘no.’”
ROGERS (CONT'D)
Bruce thought dully.
“What the hell?” said Hammer as he stepped out from behind the crate and looked up at the rafters.
Steve, why don’t you stay here and catch up? I can just—
“Exactly,” says Tony, as he writes a quick list of the Avengers section of the tower on a scrap of paper. You look at the paper and read:
“Yeah, well, maybe it’s time to change things up, Tony,” Steve retorted as he blocked a blast of magic.
Thor squinted at Tony and said, “What do you have in mind, Stark?”
“Everything alright, sir?” asked one of them, falling in step with him.
And for a split second, he almost wanted to believe him. It would’ve been so easy to close his eyes and pretend that the warmth of Steve’s kiss on his forehead and the stroke of Steve’s thumb on the back of his neck were real. But they weren’t; none of it was. It couldn’t be. He’d only just accepted that Steve was someone he could never have, and he would
“Ah… why?” asked Bruce as he pulled the shirt over his head. It was Tony’s Christmas present from last year, and it read, “Call me DNA helicase, because I’m unzipping those genes.”
Clint takes the ENERGY BARS. CLINT STAMINA: +2
Let’s stick to the plan we had and try again to get Thor to go to a bunch of food trucks.
Steve and Tony turned around as the white backlit surface of the table transformed into a collage of photographs.
The case sprung open. It was empty.
“You… Bruce, tell me there isn’t a tank of cockroaches in my tower,” says Tony.
“First of all, Steve, I know you were still on ice while my blow up with Hammer happened, but I promise you this guy’s as sensible as a nine-inch heel. And Thor, we’ve talked about this. The Avengers are subject to laws, and more importantly we’re subject to the press. We can’t just barge in and take the things we want.”
. A sexy, sexy menace,” said Tony as he sat up and rubbed his face.
would’ve taken them to the police.”
metric, gamma radiation producing a Hulk isn’t sound science, because it only happened once.”
“But the LA County Museum of Art makes it worth it,” said Doug. “They’ve got a great wing on 20th century Americana.”
“I love you, Tony,” said Steve, squeezing his hand. Then he pressed a kiss to Tony’s forehead, and stood up from his chair.
Page eight text:
“I know you, Steve,” said Tony, still facing the wall. “I know how you are when a mission goes south. You spend the rest of your
Also, idk who needs to hear this, but you don't owe abusive shitbags anything. Not a confrontation, not a goodbye, not an explanation, not closure. Cathartic "You don't scare me anymore!" moments are overrated. You know what's not overrated? Accepting help from the people who care about you to make sure you never have to see the asshole again.
“It took you about ten minutes to finally take a picture of us because every time you tried you started laughing again.”
“JARVIS, call Pepper,” said Tony through the pillow.
Yes, that's a picture of my actual recipe book.
“Joke’s you you, dipshit, we’ve been dating on the sly for three months now,” said Clint with a smirk as he leaned back into the couch cushions where he was seated and ran a hand affectionately over Natasha’s shoulders. “And please, I’ll be Mr. Clint Romanov if anything.”
Practical, but pretty boring.
You self-righteous
Deck four!
“Type A gets fixed with just a confession. With type B you need both a confession
TONY and CLINT dismount and tie up the horses while THOR and NAT touch down next to them.
“It’s not the technical side I’m worried about,” said Tony, looking up at the control box schematic on the screen. “It’s the only way I can see to turn off the motion sensors, and we’re going to need two perfectly accurate shots to get it right.”
“I mean, there’s not gonna be any mistakes,” Tony says with his usual swagger.
“What? Buzzfeed made a mistake? I’ll order an inquiry. Someone should file a complaint,” said Tony.
“Can we not talk about food right now?” said Clint queasily.
specifically, and they might be in disguise. Do whatever you have to to subdue them. Ariel can keep Dr. Banner here while cleansweep flushes his super buddies out of the vents.”
I am going to invent a time machine just to murder Anton Chekov.
Note for Assistive Tech users: this is stylized to resemble fancy handwriting on old paper.
Then let me handle it, sweetcheeks.
“I still can’t believe you wouldn’t let me throw you a party.”
“I take it back, this whole universe is literally the funniest thing that has ever happened and I don’t want to forget a single second of it,” roared Tpny
” said Clint incredulously. “The guy who tried to
going back to the tower. Instead he pulled the hat a little further down over his ears and marched on. It was a warm winter hat, but it was cloth, so it was just as soaked as the rest of him. It also had “Save a Target, Nail an Archer” stitched to the front, because it was just that kind of day.
(See the end of the chapter for
You ignore Natasha and barrel after Tony and Steve. Tony flies up and fires a hurt-light at your face. You immediately forget about Steve and chase after him.
“Sandra Jimenez, thirty-three, just got back from maternity leave from her second kid. Lives with her husband Carlos up in the Bronx. MBA from Fordham University, graduated summa cum laude, track record of improving the efficiency and effectiveness of every department she’s ever worked for, and generally a frighteningly competent woman.”
And ain’t that a tragedy for the ages.
“It has to be you, Bruce,” said Natasha. “You’re a critical part of the plan Tony and I put together.”
“What? Why?” you ask as you take his hand and stand up.
NATASHA
“Magic is limited by proximity. For an artifact-based enchantment to affect the tower from Earth’s moon, it would require a likely unsustainable amount of power from thousands of sorcerers working together,” says Thor.
“Widow, get over here. I need you to fight Tony around the oak tree, see if you can disrupt the line of sight and get us a clue on where the accomplice is. I’m going to try to talk to the girl again. Clint, I need your eyes. There’s an accomplice with line of sight to this fight that’s controlling Tony and the girl, and we need to find them.”
“‘My body belongs to me. Nobody touches or does anything else to it that I don’t want.’”
“It’s adorable that you think rich people go to jail,” said Tony. “Justin’s lawyers made sure Vanko took the fall for everything that happened and Justin came away with clean hands, which he immediately dirtied again moving Hammertech deeper into the weapons industry. Rumor has it he’s selling to the Sokovian mafia, Hydra cells, a couple of dictators… Homeland Security’s been digging quietly for a few years now and can’t find anything hard enough to stick. But believe it or not, that’s not what this meeting’s about.”
The entire month of March disappeared into a frantic blur when some guy calling himself the Silver Surfer politely informed the earth that they were all about to be devoured by some kind of cosmic entity calling itself Galactus. The world leaders and the Avengers all did a quick straw poll and decided getting devoured would be a bit of a bummer, so then it was a matter of launching a spaceship (thank God Pepper had kept the Stark Industries space division funded and didn’t leave that Musk idiot to figure this shit out) and then, with the help of some magic portals from Dr. Strange, tracking the Galactus guy down. There was lots of agita and failed strategies, and ultimately a pretty sophisticated plan involving distractions and feints while Tony hacked Galactus’s ship to launch his sorry ass through a portal into a big stretch of uninhabited space where he could eat all the planets he could get his grubby lil’ paws on (ok, they were pretty big paws, but you get the idea). Then they came back to earth and it was paperwork and debriefs and interviews to pacify the public and Tony was so goddamn ready for a break that when Steve asked if he wanted to go check out some amateur slam poetry, Tony was actually
Yeah, a skin suit is pretty flashy.
“When did you get so sassy?”
“I’m not doubting that you’re giving this performance your all, Cap, but if I haven’t coughed up any roots by now then I don’t have a lot of time left, and I’ve got some affairs to put in order.”
“Tony’s a perfectionist about his costumes, so he might be a bit. The rest of them are probably pre-gaming in the kitchen. Hey that reminds me, Thor has some Asgardian booze he swore could get even you buzzed and I just finished testing it to confirm it won’t kill you. Wanna come up to the lab? You look like you could use it.”
“Oh you know, Natasha Romanov managed to sneak past all of you and break into my vault, but other than that, everything is just
Jade’s hand on his lapel stayed put, and her other hand moved up to the side of Steve’s neck. Steve was pretty sure if he looked down, he’d see her her body was “pressing” against his. “And maybe when we’re finished talking about that event, we can talk about some… other things too.”
Tony turned his head to scowl good-naturedly at Clint, who was kneeling down to cut Tony’s restraints.
The stick said nothing. It was the most grievous insult Thor had ever heard.
, he wanted a drink. Which he couldn’t have, because Steve Rogers was a sexy, vengeful, all-American demi-god, and Tony would
STEVE
would let me have a wagon,” Clint pouted. “Or a
he did.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve briefly wondered if he was as much of an open book to everyone or just to Tony, but he decided he didn’t care and nodded. To his relief, Tony didn’t laugh. He just said, “Steve, didn’t you tell me I couldn’t keep you someplace you didn’t want to be? You could play along for now and pull out the aces when the time is right and someone tries to make you do something you don’t want to do. Or you can just duck out now. This is all pretty far outside your comfort zone; no one here would blame you.”
we be together, Tony?”
Three hours later, after Steve had run out some of his anxious energy and showered, he walked into the lab with a cup of coffee.
never going to let you live this down,” said Tony. “Second of all, cheer up, for all we know Thor is in a porno with Red Skull and Modok right now.”
“I tried to go to the Met, but I got mobbed by a bunch of teenagers so I left,” said Steve, and he sounded so sad that for a moment, Tony considered buying out the Met for an evening so Steve could enjoy his paintings in peace. And then Tony remembered the baseball card, and that buying a whole museum’s time would piss Steve off, which Tony was determined not to do. Because somehow so far this morning they’d gone a solid thirty minutes in each other’s company without bickering, and Tony was so determined to keep up that hot streak he was weighing every word he said five times as carefully as he usually did.
“Is he still whining?” said Natasha, slightly breathless over the comms. She’d been jogging around the Hammerplex up the block for the past two hours, and there was a
Steve made a face as if he were thinking about it.
Yes. Unreservedly.
“Guess my luck had to run out someday,” said Tony with a sad smile. “Damn, I was really hoping for type A Hanahaki.”
“Do you not trust the interpreters to get it right?” asked Steve.
Of course. I am a consummate professional at all times.
“No shit! Captain
I’m glad the curry recipe isn’t the problem then! Please report back if you end up trying it!
“I mean, did we?” said Tony.
“How do you mean?”
Steve suppressed a laugh and said, “I mean,
That in and of itself was not noteworthy. As a reanimated fossil from the early 20th century, Steve spent most of his time in the here and now very confused. The cause of it varied from day to day; yesterday it was planking. Today it was Tony leading him down the stairs to his Stark Tower lab for reasons he was keeping to himself.
“Don’t listen to Tony, he’s an idiot,” says Natasha. “The party’s for Coulson. Having Captain America show up to his birthday party has been his dream since he was five, and we figured we owed him one after the IKEA incident.”
“Aw, none of that, Bruce— may I call you Bruce? And please, call me Justin, we’re all friends here,” said Hammer.
Image: A picture of a very frilly-looking white nudibranch
“Something I might know?”
“What if I tell them it’s their patriotic duty or something? I might be able to get the president on board. He owes me a favor.”
“I cannot believe the biggest fight we ever had was over a musical about cats,” said Tony. “In fact I refuse to believe it. If anyone asks, we saw
Tony’s right. It’s going to take time to find and catch up with him, then even more time to convince him to de-Hulk. Enchantress could already be here. We need to start looking.
“Unclear, stand by. Why are you waiting in the dark? Scratch that, why didn’t you walk out earlier like we’d planned? Are you injured?”
CLINT
“You tell me to shut up and compliment me for something I don’t deserve in the same breath, and when I can’t figure out what the right response is to that, you add another confusing layer by apologizing. You did it right before we went into the poetry slam too. It’s like emotional whiplash or something.”
CLINT
And so, later that week, when he and Steve were hanging out in the kitchen eating some of Steve’s leftover birthday cake from the day before and Steve mentioned the weather was looking nice enough for a trip to the Cloisters tomorrow, Tony wasn’t even a little bit worried about keeping things platonic. Because he and Steve were never going to date, and there wasn’t anything else to be done about it.
“I like her,” said Natasha.
“Oooh, I think I know what this is about,” said Nat as she picked an apple out of the fruit bowl, took a bite, then used it to point at Tony. “You’re trying to get out of Rocky Horror, aren’t you?”
Steve laughed in spite of himself. “No, absolutely not,” he said.
Tony withdrew his hands.
“Pause it there, Jarvis. See what she just did, Steve?” said Tony.
“I hate all of you,” said Steve.
“Oh that’s just the start. We’ve got a lot more,” said Tony.
And that's it! Thanks to all of you for the kind comments and for coming along on this wacky ride. I hope you enjoyed reading it as much as I enjoyed writing (and coding, and photographing) it.
gratitude that Tony was there to have his back.
A minute later Steve had his forehead pressed into the side of Tony’s neck.
“And I don’t want any potential kids of mine baptized or otherwise indoctrinated, not with Christianity or atheism or anything else. When they ask what happens when we die, the answer is, ‘This is what I think, but nobody really knows for sure. What do you think?’”
“Yeah but--”
Tony leaned back into Steve.
Honestly, the pictures don’t do it justice (and I remain a learner in the realm of food photography). The reds and yellows of the peppers, the green of the kale, the orange of the carrots and the sauce... the end result is always so visually arresting. And then there’s the taste! If one is looking for a way to make vegetables the star of a dinner dish, I cannot recommend this recipe enough.
“So, now that you’re caffeinated—” started Steve.
YouKnowWhoIAm
YouKnowWhoIAm
A gust of wind hits the “General Store” and its door blows open, revealing nothing but desert on the other side. A beat.
The Avengers search a living room mostly decorated with purple. Bruce looks down by a small tree in a pot with a fluffy top. Thor lifts a purple striped couch to look underneath it, seeing only coins and dust-bunnies. Tony angrily tosses things over his shoulder, including Cap's shield, a pair of underpants with an A on them, and a spring, and a pillow. Steve looks at a quiver of arrows on an armchair. Natasha looks behind a television. Playing on the television are tsums of Steve and Tony, with hearts around them.
“I dunno what their deal is tonight,” said Tony. “Also, I’m almost afraid to ask, but what was wrong with Brian?”
“No,” said Steve, sounding appropriately chastised.
“We don’t know,” says Natasha.
...Stick with the plan, everyone: follow the pull for however we fight, but keep an eye out for the smartphone.
They’d intended to stay for the fireworks, but they hadn’t made it far from the restaurant before someone unexpectedly set off a few private firecrackers nearby and the sound had made everyone but Thor jump. Some of them momentarily started looking for cover.
(laying his cards on the table)
“When he gets better,” said Dr. Mitchell kindly. “But I mean it, call me. One way or another, you need help here, too.”
Page 12 image:
. Also Olivia’s birthday was in January. But it was the glitter he was kicking himself for missing.
didn’t always like me, Pep,” said Tony.
And Tony was coughing again, but it felt different this time. It was like a thousand little tendrils of pain were ripping into Tony’s lungs as something
“First of all, you wound me, Steven. I have never, not even once, made a promise I didn’t keep, including this one.”
“That… is
“I have. You’re a catch, Tony,” said Steve as he blushed and focused on fiddling with his arm rest.
“It may be the case that the artifact doesn’t match its environment,” says Thor.
“Steve, please listen. I’m not saying all this because
“Hey, look at me Steve,” said Tony. Steve looked, and it wasn’t just embarrassment there; it was shame too. Steve was trying to mask it with defiance, but Tony had done that himself enough times to recognize it for what it was. So Tony sighed, rubbed the back of his neck, and picked his words carefully.
“Nope!” said Tony as he turned over to face Steve head on, “JARVIS, raise the blinds a bit, I want to see my blushing boyfriend’s face.”
“I don’t
“Should I—
Tony and Clint probably would have gone on like that for much longer than any two adults should have, but Steve cut in with, “Tony, if you’re really alright, stand up.”
Bruce wrote his first dissertation on dragonfly habitats and got the tattoo when he was out celebrating his successful thesis defense. The placement issue did not occur to him because he was very, very drunk at the time.
“Onward and upward,” confirmed Steve with a press of the elevator button for Thor’s floor.
,” said Steve in reply. Then he reached out and put a hand on the side of Tony’s face and the warmth and the gentleness and heat of the touch made Tony’s breath hitch.
Steve looks sadly at a map. Bruce sits with legs crossed and a hand on his face, looking dejected.
“Of course, Sir. How may I be of assistance?” said Jarvis.
“Oh. Can you tell me when he’s available?”
You briefly consider the likelihood of a Skrull taking over Steve, but you dismiss the possibility when you realize Steve’s revulsion for food waste would probably be item number two in whatever packet they would study to impersonate him correctly, right after ‘is hopelessly in love with Tony but is being a huge idiot about it.’
“I’ve got it,” said a voice behind him. Tony turned and clenched his jaw.
“Uh, hi. That was a great show,” said Steve.
“I’m afraid I can’t disclose that, sir,” said Jarvis.
“You got all that?” asked Justin. “I can run late to the meeting with the Sokovians if we need to do another take.”
be revisiting with him later.
“No, you can’t,” said Sandra sharply as she closed the video camera. “Not without risking your hide and mine. The Sokovians don’t play around.”
CLINT
the crush I got on Tim Curry after I saw it for the first time,” said Tony with a nostalgic smile. “Took a bit to recognize it for what it was, though. And it wasn’t long after that when I realized that maybe it wasn’t an accident that my bedroom had a poster of Han right next to the poster of Leia. And that maybe straight boys didn’t jerk off to the idea of sleeping with both of them.”
ENCHANTRESS
After the show they took a few pictures and signed a few autographs with some of the fans in the crowd, then Tony started gabbing with the cast. He was clearly in his element here, talking shop on the finer details of their costumes and swapping stories about the shows he’d seen and the people in the movie he’d met personally.
Tony gave Steve a discerning look. Then he took in a deep breath.
Everyone looked at Tony.
What happened? Who fired the gun?
“Ok. And it’s the same for me. I might have crushed on Captain America for half my life, but Steve Rogers is way hotter than that guy ever was.”
They made their way over to eleventh Avenue, and Tony saw Steve deflate slightly when he noticed they were walking into a bar.
drink. I
Tony picked up some bok choi between his chopsticks, stared pensively at it for a moment, before he said, “What if we get a cat for the tower and call it close enough?”
“You can just say you think I need a break, no need for the subterfuge,” you say.
Natasha seemed to take pity on him, because she reached behind her and pulled out some fine black cord. A fraction of a second later, Tony’s hands and feet were bound behind him and he was on the ground.
” said Tony, just before he coughed another bundle of petals into his hand. Steve crossed the small hallway and rubbed Tony’s back, waiting for him to finish, and he had his goddamn handkerchief ready for Tony when he was done, because of fucking
steve_rogers
“We don’t know that either,” says Tony.
“Then give it to somebody else,” said Bruce. “Because if you put me in the Hammerplex, the
“Bruce is right. We’re facing civilians, not enemies. There has to be another way,” said Steve.
“No, not right now. But— I might. One day.”
” said Tony pointedly and a bit breathlessly. “We have two and a half hours till those doors unlock and even if we didn’t, there is no fucking
(not expecting Steve to take that explanation so easily)
Justin brandished the case like a weapon.
“I don’t like being places where other people know more than me, alright?” said Tony. “If I’m there to learn whatever it is I don’t know that’s one thing, but if I’m somewhere everyone else knows something that I don’t, especially when it’s something I could hypothetically learn myself, then I feel stupid and unprepared.”
“See, there’s a problem with that. If I stand up, Clint wins the game. It’s called Standy-Upsies-Liesy-Downsies. I’m submitting it to the Olympics next year. It’s gonna replace archery.”
“Don’t embarrass yourself any more than you already have, Justin,” warned Tony.
“Why didn’t you tell me you could sign?” asked Clint.
it. You’re the biggest part of it,” said Steve, and he reached out again.
Hello! I'm Thor, and I am simply delighted you've decided to partake
“Can somebody else go out first next time? I think I’ve had my fill of driving,” Bruce said uncomfortably.
? I know we’ve got the same ego but he’s the biggest villain!”
Who’d I end up in a bedroom alone with?
“I don’t have anything to add apart from what Enchantress told us herself,” says Bruce.
, we both know I’m
“Slept face-down on a workbench last night, actually. And before you get all disappointed-in-me about it—”
“Man, you’ve got everything in here,” said Clint, as he pulled out a button with yellow, pink, white, grey, and black stripes.
ROGERS
STRANGER
“Of course I love you, Steve. I love you so much I can barely stand it. But it
“Yeah, that’s why I don’t get sports,” laughed Doug and
“That doesn’t sound like anything about the artifact,” says Thor.
Steve gave Tony a quizzical look.
Sandra gave a humorless laugh and said, “Would you believe me if I said idealist?”
“I can’t believe all of my friends are idiots,” said Nat, who was clutching her side.
Steve suppressed an eye roll and turned back towards Colleen. As a living relic of 20th century Americana he could personally testify to the fact that Doug’s specialty was superficial and boring. Plus Tony had read all of Doug’s books the moment Pepper said he was going to be Tony’s date, and that was on top of the ones he’d already read when he had his childhood preoccupation with Captain America. He probably knew more about Doug’s specialty than Doug did.
WHO IS HE?
. He had, hadn’t he?
“That’s a pretty good list, hon,” said Steve. Then he paused as though he were thinking and said, “I think I might be able to pencil a few of these in.”
Tony nodded across the room at a dark-haired muscular guy who was laughing and signing with a couple of the event organizers.
Rhodey was in town for a week, which meant every dinner in Tony’s calendar that week was booked. Tonight it was their favorite hole-in-the-wall ramen restaurant, which they’d sworn on pain of death never to tell anyone about so the tourists would never find it.
he makes puns now. Jarvis, get the spray bottle, set it to ‘fire hose.’”
Behind her was a drone. It was small, well-controlled, and clearly very high-tech.
“And you’re demisexual, which means I can’t hook you up with a date the night of and hope for the best. So if you’re gonna be a completionist, you should think about getting back out there.”
Then let’s make it count. Romanov, phasers!
Tony was about to say “Yeah, and what else will you take, hot shot?” Instead he said, “Y— ugh!” as an energy beam hit him in the side, just barely missing Clint.
. I turned around and faced the consequences of my choices head-on. And if you can’t do that, Sparky, if you can’t face the things you’ve done like a man, then you don’t deserve to call yourself an Avenger. And you
“Except the Picasso,” said Steve.
“Yes. Yes, I promise.”
FADE IN:
“Can I, um, can I talk to him alone for a few minutes?” said Steve. “I know he might not be hearing me right now, but I um, I have some things I’d like to say to him, in private.”
I have
“Did your mom pick any of the art in your family’s collection?” asked Steve.
Steve got behind Tony, wrapped his arms around his waist, and kissed his temple.
(clears his throat)
“Is the keychain a metaphor for sex?”
(See the end of the chapter for
STEVE relaxes a bit at that, then goes up to PEGGY, who steps out onto the porch to meet him halfway, and folds her into an embrace. He eventually pulls back and puts his hands on the sides of her face, covering her earrings. TONY’s doing his best to look unbothered.
think the mood is ruined, I’m sure we could think of other things to do.”
“If we had more time, Steve, we could do it,” she said, fixing him with a serene stare. “This is a textbook adverse childhood experience coming back to hurt him, and with time we could get him to see that. His parents, the first people he ever loved, they told him he’d never measure up or be worthy of their affection in return, and he’s so afraid of experiencing that kind of hurt again, of not measuring up. He's convinced that he can't. That kind of deep-seated, complex childhood trauma is treatable, Steve. But not in two weeks.”
TCM is one of the best horror movies of all time, and LF is a big part of that.
Steve looked around. The room was full of Picassos, Warhols, Eschers and the occasional Calder. Steve couldn’t have picked a better collection for Howard if he’d tried.
those lips, run kisses up that jaw and then worked their way down his neck—
Page nine image:
“Goddamn
“And it was just after you left that our series of misfortunes began, no?” said Tony with a matching grin.
Tony became vaguely aware of his shoulder being shaken lightly.
“No more than usual,” said Tony, “I just— I’ve got nothing, Pep. I’ve tried everything I can think of. Steve and I are going to hate each other until we die.”
“I’m good, Tony,” said Steve.
“Neither would most people, especially not right in front of the person they’d come in with. That’s a huge social more she’s breaking. When things go way off script like that and we get no guidance from the people around us on how to react, most of us just sorta--”
“I’m not asking you not to talk about it. When it comes up you say something like, ‘Daddy’s a Christian. That means I believe a man named Jesus is the son of God, and he died for my sins. He spoke about being kind and standing up for what’s right, and I try to follow what he taught. I believe when we die, if we’re good people, we go to heaven. But your Papa doesn’t believe that. In fact, most people don’t. And you’ve got to decide for yourself what you think is right.’”
“Steve, listen—”
5/10. Mostly because this would be such an adorable and hilarious meet cute, and I want it to be true SO BADLY.
Yeah!!! Up yours, Stark!!!
“Still writing ‘Mrs. Natasha Barton’ in little hearts in your notebooks, Clint?” Tony fired back. He was trying in vain to put some distance between himself and Steve on the common room couch, but Steve wouldn’t have it, always moving closer to Tony and using his hands to rub Tony’s back, stroke the back of his neck, smooth Tony’s hair,
, you lazy bastard, and what’s more, he made you
It’s just like riding behind on your damn motorcycle, Rogers. Just hold on tight and don’t backseat drive.
Tony wrung his hands. Why was Steve being so stubborn about this?
3. INT. BRIDGE
Doesn’t get any flashier than a chainsaw and human skin face mask.
And then Clint vomited all over the left arm of the suit.
“C’mon, Steve, just like we practiced,” said Natasha gently, as she took Steve’s hand.
STARK (COMMS)
, Steve,” said Tony when Steve finally pulled back, “I— alright. Let’s get the hell out of here.”
“As long as you remember to eat and sleep,” said Steve.
Zola?
“Hey,” said Steve gently, as he crossed the bed and sat at the edge. “Hey, c’mere, baby.”
“So what if whatever it is, it’s got some kind of connection to what we’ve seen?” you say.
“So bossy,” chuckled Steve as he stepped onto the suit’s boot, the scepter strapped to his back. “You better have the heat turned up high when I get back, this is gonna be a chilly ride.”
“Yes, Captain, on both counts,” said JARVIS.
“Did… did you program JARVIS to say he likes other people better than you just so you could win arguments like this?” said Steve.
He blinked and
… Tony couldn’t take it. He turned his face to look at the wall.
“I don’t see much reason to deviate from our original plan,” says Bruce. “Enchantress sounded like she’s not interested in coming back to rattle our cage, now that we’ve un-whammied Thor. That leaves searching the tower for the artifact, which Strange said could be literally anything. And with ten floors and one roof to go through, we’ve got a lot of searching to do.”
“The hell it doesn’t,” said Steve. “You show up, Tony. Half of caring about other people is showing up. The other half is paying attention and… Christ, you pay more attention than anyone I’ve ever known. I think that’s why we couldn’t be friends for so long. I hated how easy it was for you to see straight through me. At the helicarrier, I’d barely learned your name and you were already picking on my biggest insecurities. I can’t hide
“Like you even have to ask,” said Clint, who immediately picked up another mic.
We need to—
“I— ok, I can see how that’s a bit of a let down compared to
“You see, I wanted to date Steve but if I did that publicly all the homophobic preps and haters would come out, so I put on this disguise. But that’s why we need to hurry up and get to the concert. I can’t be late for my own show,” Said GERAD WAY OMG OMG OMG!!!!!!!
,” said Doug.
“Mind if I cut in?” said Nat.
BANNER (COMMS)
Banner to the Bridge
“I’ve been thinking,” said Tony. “The last thing on your list is ‘kiss someone you love at Times Square on New Years Eve,’ right?”
You can thank the AMAZING zappedbysnow for this AMAZING art update she drew AMAZINGLY. And then go marvel at her other AMAZINGNESS on her
“Yeah, but next time I’m gonna
“Yeah. Doing ok, Bruce?” Steve asked tentatively.
...nothing important?
“Ugh, you and your commitment to public transportation,” said Tony, and Steve could hear the eyeroll. “Fine, I’ll just wait in my tower, awaiting my promised ‘I was right’ keychain.”
. And of course, it went over exactly as well as Tony knew it would. They were elbowing each other in the ribs during “Loathing,” and Steve got a dopey grin on his face during “For Good”. And Tony wasn’t really a musicals guy, but he could definitely get on board the watching-Steve-watch-musicals train. They should go see
“Nah, I’ve tried dating geniuses. The ones that aren’t taken are all as emotionally stunted as I am.”
like him.”
“No, we’re not having this conversation right now,” said Tony as he got out of bed.
“It’s on you, Bruce,” said Natasha simply.
CLINT
“It’s a
, but it definitely… helped,” said Steve. Then he seemed to register everything else Tony had said and added, “Wait, what?”
“Look, whatever is happening here,” Colleen gestured between Tony and Steve. “It’s clear we’re not welcome, alright? C’mon, Doug, do you want to get out of here?”
Panache: 10
“Steve, listen,” Tony said carefully. “I’ve been thinking a lot since, uh… since everything. And I realized, at the end of the day, we were under a magic spell. I know that anything we did needs to be seen through that lens.”
“And I’ve prayed about it.”
“Hey, if we clean them out, there’s a hundred more dim sum restaurants in spitting distance. They can’t
“So what if whatever it is, it’s got some kind of connection to what we’ve seen?” you say.
Tony took a step back out of Steve’s reach. He couldn’t lie to Steve. Steve knew him too well by now for that. So Tony would have to find a way to address… this, without saying anything wrong.
Tony’s eyes snapped open and he jerked into a sitting position instinctively.
“Oh that’s not a threat, Bobert. That’s the reality of what you’ve done. One way or another, my team’s coming for me and they
Tony fixed the woman with a dubious stare through the doors of his favorite coffee shop, before she finally broke out in a grin.
in my recipes! Here you'll find everything from week-night dinners
CLINT
Bruce looked down at his hands and… yeah, there it was. There was a clatter as Bruce dropped the fork he was holding, and then a second later he was on the floor too.
Tony hesitated. He really did
“You’re both in the woods, Steve. When was the last time you slept?”
There was another thunk on top of the casing.
and cookies, but then it hit me: why not have a picnic on my own living room floor?
Likelihood of Being Stopped Sooner IRL: 5
“Welcome to War on Hunger, what’s your pleasure?” said Steve as he leaned out the food truck window.
“You don’t ever talk about what’s bothering you?”
thank you very much,” Bruce chuckled.
Where I come from, a lady knows not to touch a man’s things.
Sadly, I can’t say what the Avengers or Enchantress had to say about this recipe. Apparently my friends decided to try attacking her the moment she came through the floor, which resulted in a lot of scorch marks on the wall, broken furniture, and the whole pot of curry splattered all over the new carpet! There were also some words exchanged… just the usual battle banter, but I’ve been told my readers enjoy hearing some more about my work as a superhero, so here’s what I can remember.
“Thor, why is the artifact in the tower instead of, say, on the moon, or anywhere so far away we can’t reach it?” asks Tony.
Panache: 5
CLINT has his gun pointed in the air, a thin trail of smoke coming out of the end. He is surrounded by the last of the crows flying away from the tower, but his eyes are fixed on something in the distance. As he hurries down the exterior of the tower, we get a shot of the face of the clock. It is now 11:55.
Instantly, a second Steve (this one in an actual tux) materialized in front of them, which was not helping at
“May I never wire a circuit again.”
if we’re making educated guesses, then I say we put the roof, Clint’s floor, the pool, and the gym in the unlikely pile. And that we start looking in the middle and move outward.”
NATASHA reaches to casually touch the tallest stack of chips, which is the one in front of the STRANGER. The STRANGER catches her wrist roughly. There’s a flicker of violence behind NATASHA’s eyes.
Oh, you mean like what I was asking for from the beginning, asshole?
Tony smiled and shook his head. “I know, Steve. And one day, if you don’t wise up to the fact that you’re dating an emotionally constipated crackpot with a list of issues as long as—”
“Has the vault been opened?” asked Hammer.
“It’s the acoustics,” said Tony.
Tony barked out a laugh, and said, “You imply
“Tony, I’m sorry,” said Steve, who was practically jogging to keep up. “I messed up, and I’m sorry.”
Rogers to engineering, where the hell are my phasers and photon torpedoes?
What on earth is that good for?
“Alright Clint, I’m in the vents. You can go now.”
“Vent crawling isn't as easy as it looks, huh?” said Clint, and she could hear the shit-eating grin through the comms.
Steve was absolutely
going over it in your head, thinking what you could’ve done different, could’ve done
Frank tapped her chin. “If I had a magic wand that could make you queer, would you want to use it?”
“What’s your name?” asked Tony.
Natasha swatted him in the elbow, and signed something in ASL, which made Clint roll his eyes and say, “Fine. Our table will be the one with like a hundred steam baskets on it. C’mon, Thor, time to introduce you to
IVAN (CONT'D)
“JARVIS, make a note,” said Tony without moving. “I will hold up these tent poles if it
“Who says we don’t already have them?” grinned Clint.
Peter went to see it on opening night. I'll leave his reaction to your imagination.
,” he chuckled.
“What if fake Loki or Fury tries to stop us?” asked Steve.
NATASHA
Orion DR. BRUCE BANNER is using a medical tricorder to scan new people coming in with various injuries and running triage in SICKBAY.
“What’s your point?” said Steve.
get an answer so you might as well start looking for it now.”
“That’s my Sandra, always looking out for me,” grinned Justin. “But seriously, do we need another take?”
Before Steve could say anything, the elevator dinged and Nat, Clint, and Thor walked out, all slightly flushed with alcohol. Nat had frizzy hair and was wearing a maid’s costume with fishnets, and Clint had on a bald cap and a red-stained suit. And after doing a double take, Steve saw Thor wasn’t naked like he’d originally thought, but he was wearing nothing but a shiny gold pair of briefs and gold-colored sneakers.
Clint Barton, Natasha Romanov, and Thor waved back at him.
“One, absolutely not. Two, it’d have to be something we’ve both seen for it to be convincing,” said Steve.
“Did they not have sex jokes in the 1940’s?” said Tony.
Tony yanked his hand away.
“About that—” starts Tony.
“Jesus, Steve, the things you do to me,” said Tony, as he reached to put a hand through Steve’s hair. Or at least he tried to, before he realized his hand was still holding the small clump of roots.
“But that’s the best part of karaoke,” said Bruce knowingly as he picked up a mic. “It’s not about how well you can sing. It’s about channeling your inner diva so well that it
like it is, now that you know.”
“I wouldn’t worry about it, Tony,” said Steve as they walked back to the car. “I think I can handle it.”
Tony huffed and looked at his hands as he said, “I figured you could see from my behavior that it wasn’t my first Steve dream. But it’s ok, Steve, I know nothing’s ever going to happen here, and I really am ok with just being your friend.”
“Pause,” said Steve.
“Tony, is this more
“Wait,” says fight-friend Nat (she’s the small you’s favorite, and your favorite too). “Jarvis, open the regular elevator doors.”
Of course it sounds like a plan, idiot, it IS a plan.
Steve looked up from where he was sitting at the kitchen counter.
“You don’t love me back, Tony,” said Steve, as if he was asking for confirmation. And Christ, Tony couldn’t
“I don’t have anything to add apart from what Enchantress told us herself,” says Bruce.
he needed a drink. At least the bar wouldn’t ask for money up front; he could start a tab and worry later about how the fuck he was going to pay it, he was that fucking desperate.
There’s a small porch shaded with an overhang with a bench placed against the exterior wall of the JAILHOUSE. CLINT is already sitting on it, doubled over with his elbows on his knees and his head in his hands, breathing hard.
Steve continued, "I’ve already trusted you with having my back on missions, and I’ve trusted you enough to talk about… me stuff. But I also need to trust your judgement and your experience.”
“Yeah. Yeah, ok,” said Tony.
Film reel icon in this and the next few chapters made by fjstudio from www.flaticon.com
“Have you been carrying a torch for me, Steve?” asked Tony.
“...ok? What’s this about?”
“Sorry, ladies, can’t do any of da new-fangled self-photographs. Got a babe I’m sweet on, and I don’t want no jealousy, if ya know what I mean.  Bada-bing.”
Enchantress and the Avengers never got the chance to try my curry, which means if you try this curry recipe, I want to hear about it in the comments! Let my friends (and Enchantress) know what they missed out on!
“Let’s see what’s at the pool.”
“Why is there a clothes store in Natasha’s living space?” said Steve moodly.
replied Tony with his.
It’s not my fault you’re terrible at poker, Odin, you old spittoon.
“It’s just
“And that is why I didn’t want to have this conversation,” said Tony as he turned away from Steve.
Tony blinked. “What?” he asked.
“I wanted to be a superhero. She wanted to live a life not worrying if her significant other was going to be eaten by an alien or cut in half by a laser beam,” said Tony.
5. INT. SALOON - DAY
“I’d love to,” said Steve.
Tony exhaled slowly and looked out the window, before he continued, “She used to buy me plants to see if the green thumb got passed down, but I’d always— I got Howard’s patience for things that grow slowly. She never did stop buying me plants, though, right up until the accident. And then right after— well, the Botanical gardens have her orchids now. But they can’t make them bloom like mom did. She had a real gift for making things bloom.”
“Ok, one, we are revisiting the acceptable-Tony-lies later,” says Tony, “Two, it’s not a lie this time.”
So Tony dug deep for another reason, and found what his reasons had been protecting.
Tony turned on his phone long enough to text Pepper, “Low blow.”
They were falling. Clint fired a grappling hook at one of the taller trees and that gave him the chance to swing towards Steve and throw him his shield, but all Tony could do was hit the ground face-down with a sickening thud. It hadn’t been a very high fall and the suit had shock absorbers, but it still hurt like a
you didn’t get a float for us, Tony. Who even are you?” said Clint.
There is no way this guy actually went to a hardware store to get that axe, which meant his assistant bought it for him. What a loser.
Also, cellulose is pretty much pure fiber, and is the main component in all those "stir this into your drink to get more regular!" supplements. Adding more fiber to someone's food probably won't kill anyone and for the most part makes it healthier, but fiber intake impacts gastrointestinal function, usually for the better but sometimes unpleasantly. So I would not recommend this prank.
Time passed. One day. Then another.
Does that mean we can have our clothes back?
“Ow!” said Tony, rubbing his forehead.
“Hold on, sweetie, I’ve got a point to make,” she said as she shifted to face him more directly. “You don’t like
“Alright. For Steve,” said Nat out loud, as she got up on the stage. And Steve knew he should probably tell Nat and Clint he understood what they were signing but in that moment, when Nat was putting her arm behind his back and shaking like a leaf, all Steve could do was squeeze her shoulder, lean in and say, “Thank you.” Because Steve loved everyone in that room more than anything in the universe, and the fact Nat was there by his side on that stage meant she did too. And seeing what came next, which might charitably be called the worst, least coordinated kick line in the history of kick lines (Thor didn’t even know how to deliver a kick except in the context of combat), it all clicked in Steve’s brain. If he and Nat were bringing baggage to this stage, so was everyone else. Everyone in that room was a battered puzzle piece from a lost box. Yet here they were, fitting together, making a picture of something new.
“It’s not though, is it?” said Steve, turning to face Tony directly. “I think you keep getting cast as a PI because you fit the part. You’re… well, you’re perceptive when you want to be, and empathetic, and incandescently brilliant, and…” Steve trailed off as the color rose in his cheeks, and Tony had to remind himself that if he dragged Steve off to a bedroom to blow him then and there, they might get caught hard and panting in
A cacophony of “Hey guys!” followed.
Tony opened his eyes a bit. There was Dream Steve, leaning over him on the couch, framed by the lights in the lab and looking just so fucking beautiful.
“Like what?”
in his eyes.
“Don’t you
You’re a much worse liar than you think you are, Tony.
plays in the background.
“—and Steve will like it.”
“I guess,” said Tony, who then looked around and added, “Alright, I’ll park my butt by the octopus, and you can—”
Natasha smiled broadly and said, “Yes, Tony, he
,” said Jasmine. “Glad I paid the babysitter to stay late today.”
“Hey Thor, this is so good we should bring some to Clint. How about we serve up an extra bowl and ride the elevator to medical to give it to him?” — Natasha
“I would give half the cars in my garage for a look at that poetry Steve,” sai Tony.
“You always use a driver to get where you’re going, but that day you drove yourself to the aquarium. And we had to spend the whole time driving back to the tower clinging to the seats trying not to jump on each other at every red light. But we wouldn’t have had to do that if your driver was there, so where was he?”
“Not my friends.”
He’s got a surprising number of outfits in this movie. Some are great, some are not so great, so a nice, round 5 feels appropriate.
, by Edgar Allen Poe (which is the poem this parodied) is taught in every school in the USA multiple times over before you're done with your education, but for non-Americans/non-English-as-first-language folks reading this,
“You got it, Steve Rogers, the sensitive artist who’d very much like his date to shut up now so he can draw a Madonna,” said Steve.
NATASHA
Tony,” said Natasha. “Look at Steve and really try to imagine for a moment that he’s saying what he means, and that he’s in love with you.”
, Romanov,” said Clint with an infernal gleam in his eye. “I like it.”
Steve could’ve lied, but instead he said, “Yeah, that serious.”
So Steve thought about it, then surprised himself when he said, “One. But I really did like her.”
ROGERS
“But I think it’s time the two of you had a conversation you’ve been avoiding,” she said. Then she walked into the elevator and left the two of them alone in the hallway.
“I’m taking a nap, J. No one’s allowed in the lab unless it’s an emergency,” said Tony as he walked over to the couch. Maybe this day from hell would go by faster if he slept through a chunk of it. But of course, the second he got comfortable and felt himself drifting off, the tower sirens started to blare, which caused Tony to start so violently he tangled in the blankets and fell onto the floor, landing painfully on his funny bone.
“I didn’t. I promise I didn’t,” said Tony hastily.
MY FLOOR
Steve Rogers was— Steve Rogers, the kindest soul he’d ever known, loved—
“When I left, the backup generator hadn’t come online yet. We don’t know why.”
The SALOON is mostly deserted. Travelling musician GALAGA GUY (mid-20s, quick-fingered, furtive, fun-loving) plays a ragtime rendition of the Galaga theme on a tinny upright piano. HAPPY HOGAN (mid-40s, friendly, eager, chatty) tends the bar, although at the moment he’s wiping down one of the tables. The only occupied table has several poker players sitting around it, including prospector ODIN ALLFATHER (70s/ancient, wise, stern, grouchy), army colonel CHESTER PHILLIPS (80s, curt, stubborn, commanding), and a STRANGER (60s, quiet, dangerous, gaunt) whose back is to the door. He’s dressed like an outlaw and wearing a wide-brimmed black hat. NATASHA enters through the classic double-doors and takes in the scene as she removes her lace gloves.
? I know what happened on your floor, but I never took you for the mystery type,” said Steve.
“Yes, Sir,” said Jarvis coolly.
“Did I hear my three favorite letters?” asked Tony. “VIP, that’s me.”
They took a picture for posterity, piled into the elevator, then crammed into a car to the movie theater. Steve said nothing and focused on breathing steadily, but he could feel his anxiety building as they got closer to the theater. Once they were in line waiting for the theater to open, he felt Tony nudge his elbow.
Pictures of a green nudibranch that looks a bit like a leaf, a blue nuidbranch with lots of weird spikes, and a white nudibranch that llooks like it has a frilly orange edge
You can either plan or not plan here, it makes no difference to me.
>WHY CAN'T CLINT TAKE THE ENERGY BARS?
Tony stopped abruptly, then went back to looking at anything but Steve as he leaned back against the car and crossed his arms defensively.
“No more pictures, Clint, Tony’s late enough already,” said Pepper.
Tony gestured for them to go ahead, then said to his phone, “J, get me some basic ASL videos played at 10x speed.” Steve and Clint turned their backs and started signing.
Page six text:
Steve thought about it a bit, then said, “I think everything you’re talking about are things you can’t plan for. I think it’s ok to just say that if it turns out we want to move or we don’t want to be Avengers anymore, we can figure something else out.”
CallMeDarcy
Image: A pile of white pulpy powder
“And I thought being disembodied internet comments was weird,” said Tony, who was running his hands over himself to make sure he was appropriately three-dimensional again.
“Then apart from me needing to do a little more reading on raising kids in a mixed-religion household—”
Tony squinted at the speaker in the ceiling. Usually he made fun of anyone in the tower who associated the ceiling with Jarvis, but from his current vantage point (still on his back on the floor), it was helpful to have something to scowl at.
NATASHA
“Pep, I’ve been briefed on SI’s work on MREs and med-kits and body armor. That’s great stuff and I get it. What I
“That’s CYOA-speak for starting over, not giving up!” Tony shouts from below (you’re now eight feet tall and growing fast). “Did they not have CYOA in the 40’s?”
“Tell her she’s a lucky dame,” said a woman with fringe bangs and hoop earrings.
“Jarvis, is that true?” said Steve.
For a while no one said anything. Then Nat said, quietly, “That wasn’t your fault. Bruce knows how to recognize the signs, and if they were obvious enough for you to text me then he was ignoring them deliberately. I’m going to talk with him about this when he’s… done. But anything would’ve set him off tonight, so it might as well have been you.”
“All quiet, Nat,” you say gently, as you watch her eyes go from fearful to hopeful to stony in a flash. She must’ve been dreaming of the good old days.
Leave him. We can’t waste any time.
“It’s still your fault,” says Natasha, the sorrow now converted into anger. “All of this is your fault, Bruce.”
“Tony—”
Steve grinned. “Nah, I’m in if you are. But can we get some food first? I’m starving.”
expressions. He resisted the urge to roll his eyes.
STEVE pulls away from PEGGY a bit, turns, and sees sex worker BUCKY BARNES (mid-30s, loyal, daring, stubborn) step out of the open WHOREHOUSE door as well.
“In this weather? I think I’ll take the train, thanks.”
No disrespect intended to fans of ALW's Cats here, but I don't think it's a surprise to anyone that neither Steve nor Tony is a fan of that particular musical.
“Like… hell…” Steve grits out as he continues to latch on to you, ignoring the times you’ve slammed your back against various hard objects.
to special occasion sweets for the whole family to enjoy.
“You could grate cheese with your abs, Steve, pretty sure anybody with
You roll your eyes and say, “Yes, the old man is old, but maybe… hey, could it be a TV or a smartphone? Something that could display examples of everything we’re seeing?”
“Tony—”
(See the end of the chapter for
Either an eternity or a second passed like that, with Tony looking at Steve and Steve looking at Tony. Then Tony’s phone rang with a caller from an unknown number. And while most of the tracks in Tony’s head had concluded Pepper and the team were behind this, the second possibility, that something a bit more sinister had successfully lured two unarmed Avengers into an enclosed space, was now front and center in Tony’s mind. Steve must’ve realized the same thing, because he immediately went into a combat stance and said, “Put it on speaker.”
STARK
“Um… oops,” said Tony.
“‘Let me give you this’? Tony, what are you
“So nice to finally speak with all of you directly. I was so disappointed when I hadn’t captured all of you this morning, but it was very kind of you to jump in the spell yourself, Captain.” — Enchantress
“I love you too,” said Tony, then turned so the two of them could look out the window, “I guess we finally finished that list, huh?”
“If it’s a matter of financial compensation, I’m sure Tony could—”
“Maybe nothing,” said Natasha, as she slipped her a burner phone. “Keep this on you, and I’ll let you know. But it won’t involve anything that would put you or your family in immediate danger.”
Steve grinned and said, “You really dream about pre-serum me?”
“Well… hm. Ok,” said Tony. “JARVIS? Why is every Deaf person in New York City suddenly interested in slam poetry?”
“Nothing good ever happens on the subway,” Steve recited dully.
“Pretty sure if we’d tried to send Nat in with a babysitter, she would’ve cut
CLINT
And, for whatever reason, Steve fucking Rogers.
“One more educated guess: I don’t think it’s on the Hulk containment floor either. You remember what it was like there: empty except for the floor itself and his shredded, shredded abs. No haystack to hide a needle in there.”
Tony thought to himself as he listened to the other side of the manhole cover before moving it aside. It sounded like he was still in Central Park, so he wouldn’t have to be dodging any cars to get the hell out of the sewer. He was literally right in the middle of thanking God for such a tiny stroke of good luck when his arm brushed against something.
Side-note: right now the fanfic’s at an 70/30 split for Steve topping me vs. me topping Steve, and I cannot figure out how people made that determination. Is it because he’s taller?
Eventually Pepper and Rhodey joined them and they watched the play, which Tony was sure was hilarious and well done, but Steve was sitting next to him and his thigh was pressed against his and it was
16. EXT. MAIN STREET - DAY
“Wait, I have to—”
“I didn’t want to intrude on something special you had with Nat”
“Tell you what, Steve. If I’m wrong, I’ll buy you an apology car.”
“When we took a break and you went out to get bagels, I may have called my jeweler and told him to start looking for a ring fit for Tony Stark’s husband, so I’m sticking with ‘right after right after the aquarium,’” said Tony.
“Yep, playing dumb again. And you only do that when you’re avoiding my questions.”
Leave us be to search, and maybe then we’ll find the goddamn phone!”
“Well clearly they’ve hacked it, you idiot!” Hammer shouted. “Now get out of my way, and tell the entire security team to clear out their desks, all of you are fired.”
“Honey, when you get home, I want you to google ‘demisexual.’ You got that? Need me to write it down?”
“What about Nat and Tony?” said Steve.
“No really! Look—”
“An undercover cop, or an idealist trying to change things from the inside. So which is it?”
“Do I put my hand over my heart, or…”
July fourth,” she said incredulously.
as Steve would ever want anything to do with a walking train wreck like Tony. But Tony and Steve had become friends over the past few years,
Hammer went quiet for a moment, before he said, “I have your word that you won’t make copies or alert the police?”
required. Sir’s presence is gonna have to be done without this time.”
Something out the window beggared entry like an evil crone,
“Good,” said Tony, “Now let’s go get Clint so we can kick your ex-girlfriend’s ass.”
Steve got in behind him. “No, go south,” he said.
“I’d say ‘what about you,’ but we’ve done a hell of a lot of therapy to establish you are happy to be in love with me.”
There was a knock at the glass window, and Steve saw Thor floating outside.
“Tony, I can be friends with you, but… but you’re not the only one who thought he might have been dreaming, down in the lab.”
“What’s in the one in his office?”
“Close enough,” said Black Hawk before pulling back her hand. “My friends call me Natasha Romanov.”
“So… touch every single object on ten floors of the tower, plus the roof, until we find it,” grumbles Tony.
“People break up for lots of reasons, Steve. Sometimes it’s falling out of love or cheating or realizing you’re not good for each other. But sometimes it’s because the lives you want don’t match up. You could have all the love in the world but if one of you desperately wants to have kids and the other one desperately doesn’t, the relationship’s not going to work.”
“We don’t have to wait
Likelihood of Being Stopped Sooner IRL: 2
“Job done. Leave if you can without drawing attention,” said an unknown number.
“But it did
“I’ve
Then after a moment’s hesitation, he said, “And tell Steve I’m sorry.”
Steve spent the next few hours narrowing down possible escape routes for his would-be assassins and finding new ones. As soon as he was finished, he headed back downstairs to the lab, but saw his entry permissions had been revoked.
“For what?”
Then it was time to step off, and walking down that street with his friends, surrounded a cacophony of pride flags and feather boas and love and identity of every stripe, Tony felt like he could take on the whole damn world. But the parade route was pretty long, and there wasn’t a lot to do except smile and wave, which meant Tony had a lot of time to think. And so, even though he had promised himself a thousand times he’d stop engaging in the habit, Tony turned his idle mind toward its new favorite obsession: Steve.
It felt like coming home.
“What? No. Why?” said Tony pleadingly.
The last time he’d been to a baseball game, he and Bucky had saved their pennies and nickels for a whole
“Clearly the egg is on
“The only agenda I have right now is that I want you to be ok,” said Steve earnestly.
I’m in a whorehouse with you and all your exes, ok? I’m allowed to feel a little weird about it.
PEGGY (O.S.)
“Oh shit!” shouted Tony, “Steve! What— oh my GOD!”
Steve’s hand stopped Tony’s just as Tony was hiking up Steve’s shirt. Tony looked into Steve’s eyes and saw they were wild with the same want Tony was feeling. But Steve swallowed, and practically croaked, “Tower. We need to get back to the tower.”
“This is really a genre? People read this garbage?” assed Steve loudly.
364 days, 23 hours and 52 minutes later, Steve was leading Tony by the hand through a New Years Eve party that took up three whole floors of a building overlooking Times Square.
Over the next few days, Steve was glad to see his team had been serious when they promised things would change. Thor stopped giving hugs without asking. Nat had already stopped poking Steve in the ribs before their conversation but when Clint forgot himself temporarily and reached for Steve’s hand to compare their life-lines (“Is yours just 10 times longer than everyone else’s, do you think?”) Nat practically vaulted over 3 couches to put her hand down between Clint and Steve.
“Should one of us go?” said José.
“You’re good people to build with.”
“Yeah, the next one,” said Steve glumly.
After an almost interminable pause, Steve said, “Tony, if you want to be friends, I can be your friend too.”
“When we get out of here, all of us are making a list of evil exes that could potentially come and ruin our day,” said Tony as he pressed the elevator button for Clint’s floor.
“You’re a consistently arrogant son of a bitch,” replied Hammer, just before he dove behind the special bulletproof crate he’d placed in the warehouse the night before.
“What? No! I—” Tony reached into his pocket, felt spider-webbed glass, and froze.
One degrading swat-fight later, no one’s dignity left greater,
“Not soon enough,” said Tony, who walked out into the street and hailed a cab.
Remember when Steve helped that little old lady across the street and the tabs were like, “Did they bone back in the day?” And then her sister who’s never left Puerto Rico was like, “She didn’t bone Steve, I did!” Yeah, that’s not rare.
“Don’t have to tell me twice,” said Clint, who’d just taken a tray of shots from the waitress who’d appeared at the doorway a moment ago and was already downing one.
...but you and your fellow warriors also served my second goal marvelously: to test a new application of magic. Now that I know this artifact’s power compounds itself the more minds are concentrated on the same purpose within it, I know I just need to place it somewhere crowded with minds intent on the same thing. I believe your Grand Central Station at rush hour will do nicely. And when that’s done, its power will grow enough for me to expand its boundary. As it takes in more minds and grows in potency and range, it’ll only be a matter of moments before the entire planet is trapped in a story. And if I happen to choose a setting where I’m a beloved despot for this planet and everyone’s intent is to worship me, well… it sounds like a great story to me.
All of you are laughing as you step into the elevator.
“Absolutely,” said Tony. “Remember what I said about witticisms and raw sexual energy? I’m irresistible.”
“Steve, I know I’m your first real relationship, so let me tell you how these things usually work. You meet someone you like, and you start dating. If you’re still together after a while—how long depends on how old you both are—and you can imagine having a future together, then at some point, either over a couple of conversations or all at once, you have the future talk.”
What followed was somewhere between the most brutal sparring match and most fiddly fight of Tony’s life. By the time they’d figured out the accomplice’s line of sight, Tony had a broken finger in his left hand, a broken toe on his left foot (neither of which did anything to discourage the puppet master from leading with their left), and more bruises than he could count. Add to it that Tony’s muscles were screaming at him to stop and his breath was coming in gasps, and Tony was praying he would pass out.
Ten minutes of explanation later, Bruce asked, “How long have you been sitting on the ‘weird bug’ excuse to get me out of the lab?”
“But, this is important,” says Nat hastily, “Bruce is in danger. The kind of danger you can’t protect him from. Magic danger. All of us are. And we need him to get out of it, alright? If we’re going to keep Bruce safe, we have to talk to him, to get his help. But the danger you can protect him from? That’s passed. And you’ve made your point. Steve won’t ever try anything like that ever again,” says Nat.
“So you haven’t been to any museums since you started living in the tower? Aren’t you an art guy?” asked Tony incredulously. Tony’s driver had dropped them off two blocks away from the Guggenheim on Central Park East and they were making their way toward it in the bitter January cold.
Mmy name is Natasha Nigtshade Blood’ness Vampira Way Romanov an I am a goth fampire and I hav a hot boyfriend & we r in luuuurrrrvvvvv
“Huh. Minus the typos, that
I am delighted to share this recipe from the Foster family cook book with all of you before I set off for Rome this very night (Tony was quite insistent we leave as soon as possible. Eccentricity, remember?). I have just enough time to post this before the flight leaves, although not enough time to cook it (please excuse the lack of pictures). Rome, here I come!
“How the hell could I possibly keep a guy like you? You’re so… and I’m… you already know. Which means as soon as we get together, the clock starts ticking down until the day you can’t stand me again, and when that day comes it’s going to
“Pepper, half of my hair has been burned off thanks to an accident in the lab this morning. Do you really think that image is going to inspire a lot of confidence with potential clients?”
“Are you alright?” asked Steve as he put a hand on Tony’s back while he coughed. “You were coughing a lot over the comms today. Are you— wait, do you have the flu? Is this delirium talking?”
Yes, I do. You may surrender yourselves at—
“Doubt it.
Tony?” asked Hammer as he walked back a few steps.
Tony thought.
Yes, this was inspired by the meme.
CatNat
An actor in Steve’s USO show. Played Hitler. Steve fake-punched him out every night for like a year.
Thor seen from the waist up, toughes his pointer finger to his chin as he speaks.
“Yeah, Steve, we’re friends,” said Tony.
“Yeah,” Steve smiled back.
like it,” said Rhodey as he picked up his bowl to down the last of his broth.
“No, wait, Steve,” said Natasha. “They’re buying it.”
“Pause,” said Tony, “Look how she hasn’t let go of your hand yet. You might not even have noticed it, but she sure did. You accepted the second hand, and now you’re accepting the long contact. You’re gonna go along with whatever level of contact she wants, and she knows it.”
It's a part of my family's food ethos that we never, ever keep secret recipes, so if you decide to make this, know that on the other side of the pearly gates, my Mommom, my Nana, and her mother are all delighted you're eating well because of them.
“This Hammer fellow is truly a man without honor,” said Thor.
“Um… inside joke,” said Steve. “Not really funny out of context though.”
“That might not be enough,” said Steve, as his stomach growled.
“How could you know? You’ve been spilling your guts to me about the USO and your mom and how hard you’re trying to find home again, because you’re a fundamentally trusting, caring person Steve. You’re what we all wish we could be. And me, I’m a damned coward who can tell you everything you want to know about my robots or my sex life, but nothing that actually might tell you something about me. Like dear old dad.”
Suddenly there was a thunk on the top side of the suit, as if something heavy were being laid on top of it.
“Ok, you’ve convinced me. It’s 9 - 1 - 13 - 4 - 21 - 13.”
Tony looked, and a grin split his face. “She liked the geometry of it, didn’t she?”
Hammer opened the scepter case and showed its contents.
“For the last time, that was a
They’re quiet for a moment except for CLINT slowly coming back from hyperventilating. THOR sits down next to him and almost puts hand on CLINT’s back, but hesitates, then brings it back to his knees, unsure of what to do. Eventually CLINT drops his hands and sits up.
“What can I say? I have a type,” said Thor with a shrug. “Although personally I’d much rather sleep with the gym.”
“Clearly not, since I
Tony handed over the small black beeper-sized device to Steve, who examined it almost owlishly.
“OOOoooh, so
I thought Pepper was going to flay you alive when she found you and that starlet in the broom closet.
and attends events when he can. The house of Odin has an honorary tartan now.
Nothing’s wrong, Cap.
“What do you—”
“Honestly? I don’t know. I can’t remember,” said Steve.
You feel air whoosh by your face. You’re vaguely aware of Steve letting go and the whine of repulsors. But then there’s literally an earth-shattering
records your keystrokes to get your pin number,” said Natasha. “Put’em together and you’ve got a tidy little scam. Jasmine, you’re gonna want to call your boss, and then the police. Somebody put a skimmer on your ATM.”
STEVE
“Yeah, not a lot of Nazis in Hoboken,” said Tony.
“Two cards of a three card monte,” said Tony with a nod of appreciation, before he added. “What’s the pig-in-a-poke?”
