Sam attempts to bat Cas away, swatting his hands around wildly, “Enough of the gross lovey dovey stuff.” He pretends to crinkle his nose in disgust, “What are you thinking we are huntin’?”
“Cut the crap Dean!” Sam’s sudden outburst startles Dean. He winces and cowers back, feeling Sam’s gaze bore into him, “I have tried to help you these past couple of weeks, but you refused help. So, I finally got Cas.” The air becomes stale around his words as all eyes are on the younger hunter, he turns to Cas, “Can you check him over?”
The title of this chapter is a lyric from the song 'Sympathy For the Devil' by The Rolling Stones.
As soon as Cas pulls away, Dean almost whines at the absence of the sensation. The softness of his lips pushing against his, the warmth of his mouth. The way their faces fit together and slight rub of Cas’ subtle stubble against his chin. It's better than he ever expected it to be.
“I was, but I had to take a leak. Oh, and listen to Naomi lecture you!” His words are a little harsher than he’d like. Cas nods his silent understanding. Dean’s face softens, “So, what was she doin’ here?”
“Peachy,” Dean huffs, but by the look on his face, Cas can sense that there is more to be said. The hunter looks down at the hand on top of his, “I just don’t want you to go.” He mumbles weakly under his breath.
Dean shakes his head and looks to Cas, “I don’t need space, I – just – I don’t know maybe a guide book?” A sour tone starts to creep up in his voice, but he fights it back and sighs heavily, “Just tired is all. Like I always am.” He adds with a groan and lifts his head. Meeting with a sympathetic smile from Sam.
I am going to try and get a better updating schedule for my sanity. So, every Friday I will aim to update :)
Dean nods slowly, eyes still a little wide, “I’m hungry.” His voice is sleep rough. He then plods over to the fridge, opening one of the large doors. Sam watches him silently, his mouth agape.
“Well, you can plan it to a degree,” Sam elaborates, “It’s really just meant for me and Cas to figure out how you’d like to do it. Like who you want there with you, the pain relief you’d like and where you want to do it.” He sounds chillingly clinical. Like he’s actually
Sam sighs, “While you two have been” he turns to face Dean, “ – and please don’t tell me – for the past 3 hours, I decided to read up on some Nephilim lore.”
The bed sheets have been strewn away on the empty side of the bed. His mind fragments as he tries to remember how he got here. The previous night flashes harshly behind his eyes; talking with Sam, way too much booze and Cas. His bright blue eyes glazed with lust and desire sear into Dean’s memory, and he sits straight up in the empty bed, despite the protest of his aching body.
Looking for any family members of Brian Mulberry – the ghost in question – Dean had found difficult, which could be because most of them are dead. Interviewing Brian’s mother has proved to be a task, she continues to get distracted.
They wade through the quiet bunker and Cas’ heart quickens. His vessel mimicking that of an elevated heart rate as he approaches the hunter’s room. He fears Dean’s reaction. He fears everything about Dean, judging from how they left one another. He feels shameful and inconsiderate seeing Dean again. He had made the angel feel had done something terribly wrong. But he had insisted? Humanity is a very complex concept to wrap one’s head around.
“Mornin’ Sammy.” Dean grumbles back, his voice hoarse.
They lay out the grocery bags on the counter, Dean peers over the bags with a quirk of a brow.
“Is that why you left?” Sam suddenly says, his words falling quickly from his lips, “Because of Dean?”
“A list of preferences that you would like established before you go into labour to keep you comfortable. Likely, when labour starts, you’ll be distracted, and your attention will be otherwise occupied.” Cas says casually, without looking up from his book. He then sets it down and faces Sam, “And I believe we haven’t talked about it yet, but now would probably be an appropriate time.”
“If you’d like, we could go to bed? I can give you a massage.” Cas’ tone is a little disappointed, considering that would mean watching the movie another day.
At the end of the day though, Sam is tired. After a non-stop day of driving and working, the dingy motel room that awaits him is very much welcomed. With Cas trailing behind him, he unlocks the door and slumps down onto one of the two single beds, setting his duffle on the floor.
He needs to backtrack, “Cas-“
Dean waves off the hand with apprehension, “I’m peachy.” He chuckles, that joy returning in his eyes, “Let’s go check in with Sam.”
“Not anything new, or at least what Cas hadn’t already told us.” Sam starts factually, not looking away from his notes, “However, there was one thing that some archaic lore described as a ‘soul bond’. “For a Nephilim to be conceived an intricate bond must be formed between the human and their angelic counterpart”.” Sam reads aloud. He tears away his gaze away from the pages and looks up to Cas touching Dean’s shoulder delicately. “Which I guess you two are already mending.” He mumbles under his breath.
“’Course, not Cas.” Dean dismisses him with a wave, “I can’t have Sammy hunting alone, anything could happen. Besides, I’ll live, even if I’m hole up here for a few days. It beats knowing that someone is in danger.”
His body reacts before he can, and he bridges the small gap between them with a kiss. It takes Cas by surprise at first, but he quickly melts into Dean, his hands going to the hunter’s cheeks. Dean is surprised by how welcoming the kiss is, it is familiar – he guesses from his previous drunken run with the angel.
“I always am with you around.” And with that, Cas places a light kiss to Dean’s lips, making him blush.
Dean really wants to resist, but maybe he’s gone a little soft or he’s just that tired, so instead he surrenders a small nod. “Alright, I’m beat. I’m going to go lay down for a bit. But
“I choose to fall into an unconscious or sleep-like state to stay by Dean’s side at night.” He muses, his usually pursed lips curving upwards at the thought. He makes a gesture to the room, “But no, as an angel I don’t sleep. Therefore, the extra bed is unnecessary.”
Sam’s head fell into his hands, rustling the multitudes of paper that surround him.
Later that day, Cas finds himself at the bunker’s entrance. The small doorway is daunting. There is only a small set of stairs, but he can’t seem to will himself to move toward them. He hesitates for a moment, eyeing down the door to the bunker for far too long before forcing his legs to move.
“What?” She fanes her offence, placing a dramatic hand against her chest, “Well I never! I came to help you poor souls.” She tuts, “But, to do that, I need the black grimoire.”
“That should do it!” She exclaims proudly, “No more unwanted angels pestering you boys.” She adds. With the spell finished, Rowena decides to take to the road again.
Dean frowns down at his favourite pair of washed-out jeans. They won’t button up. The hunter swears up and down that the same pair of pants fit fine just the week before. So why don’t they fit now? After battling with them one more time, he slumps down on the bed. The fabric sitting even further apart than before.
The steady thumping fills his ears and he projects the angelic grace outwards, attempting to transmit the sound onto Dean’s interlocking soul.
The voices then converged, one angelic chorus, “A Nephilim has been conceived on earth. They must be found and
Dean and Cas exchange a small grin as Cas puts a hand on the small Dean’s back, “I’m going to make some lunch.” And before the hunter can answer, he’s gone with the rustling of papers.
Dean stalls, the comment temporarily stunning him. He dares to caution a look to the 3 full baskets of folded clothes, and frowns. That is a lot of laundry, he had spent the entire morning washing and folding it. Loosening his grip on the shirt, he returns his gaze to his gigantic brother. Staying stern, Dean stares him down for a moment, but to no avail, “So?” He says, a touch more desperate than he’d like.
while literally telling him off. God damn hormones.
Cas grumbled his protest. But, to both Cas and Sam’s surprise, Dean wasn’t shocked or outraged by the suggestions. Simply he had responded, while leaning against the kitchen counter, “If she can get rid of our regular visitors, I’m all ears.”
“I have to admit, I was relieved to hear you were dead.” Cas stands his ground, despite the urge to summon his angel blade.
When comfortably positioned on the bed. Cas looks over Dean, finding nothing out of the ordinary, he turns to Rowena. After being asked some rather embarrassing questions, the witch chuckles lowly, making Dean’s eyes grow wide.
The younger Winchester stands, hearing his back crack in at least three different places and heads for the kitchen. Walking down the hallway, Sam can hear Dean and Cas chattering in the distance. He notes that knocking before entering is probably best – to avoid what happened the last time he walked straight in without warning. A shutter goes down his spine at the thought. There are many things he knows about Dean, but whatever
Two hunters and an angel try to comprehend the immaculate conception of the Nephilim. It all seems too much for Dean, until things turn out better than he thought.
“No, it’s fine.” Dean interjects far too quickly, making Sam’s brow furrow. Dean ignores the look and continues, “If it aint witches, I’m probably coming down with a stomach bug or something.” He concludes, his eyes darting to the floor.
“Maybe we should call Cas-“
“I’m gettin fat.”
“Also you did great with interviewing the spouses today.” Sam suddenly pipes up, causing the angel to fight his blush at the compliment.
Satisfied that Dean will continue to sleep soundly, Cas creeps out into the hallway after to help Sam in the storage unit.
Asking around the warehouse doesn’t take long, and Dean is led down to the warehouse’s basement. The basement still has most of the old uniforms and equipment for emergencies, or some form of safe keeping. None of the old stuff is kept very well, most of the clothing thrown into a pile. It’s a dull cement room, just below ground level with no windows and only one door to go in and out. It’s creepy, but a risk if Dean were to light fire to a pile of clothing during the day.
“Trying to recruit me in a task force to “locate, apprehend, and eliminate” our child.” He puts in air quotes.
It's been a month since getting Cas back and they still haven't found a warding against heaven and Sam is greeted by an old enemy.
Thankfully, Sam’s patience with Dean has grown tenfold to preserve him from getting another split lip, “I know Dean, but I’ve looked through every piece of information on angel lore, warding material and masking spells in the bunker and I can’t find anything that’ll help us.” He lowers his voice slightly, carefully gauging the response his older brother will give.
Cas perches his head on Dean shoulder, trying to grow closer, “Be patient.” His voice is small. Dean’s eyes travel down to his stomach, against which Cas holds his palm, fingers stretched wide to cover as much surface area as possible. They wait, the sleepy hunter growing more impatient. After a few seconds, there is an undeniable flutter beneath Cas’ fingertips. The definite wriggle of life.
Angelic grace is such a strange thing. It’s sensitive and revealing. The slightest brush of a feather or detection of an unknown presence causes the hairs to stand on one’s neck. The grace gripping around the force and trying to detect it, decipher it and analyse every fibre of the being that had disturbed the peace in the first place.
“Only if I get a damn coffee on the way there.” Is the grunted response.
Then it happened. His internal world shook. Loud voices calling upon him in their angelic glory. Angel radio rattled around in his head, causing his vision to shake and dizzying his stationary place on the park bench. He could barely hold himself up. He couldn’t make out one single voice. They all chanted in harmony as they rattled through his being.
“Shut up. Don’t call me that.” The older hunter grits and turns back to folding the shirt. It’s one of Cas’ polos that he rarely wears. A light blue that complements his eyes. Gently, he places it in the basket closest to him. After a few moments he can still feel Sam staring, “Get. Out.” Dean doesn’t bother to turn around and can sense Sam tense up as he leaves out into the hallway.
He waits until closing to venture down to the basement. It’s eerily quiet as every step he takes echoes loudly against the empty caverns of cement. The dull twinge of Dean’s back is replaced by a thrill that shocks down his spine. Like a shot of adrenalin that brings a smile to his lips. He can’t control the warm feeling that flits inside of him. The itch that he’s had for far too long is finally getting scratched. He picks the lock of the warehouse door and is in within the minute.
“I just – I wanted us to have clean clothes before the kid gets here. Less work for later.” Is the answer, more a shy whisper than a defence.
Sorry for the lil hiatus for a bit there, but I'm back with my longest chapter yet! This is my take on the classic Winchester "salt and burn" episodes, except with Sam and Cas. It was really fun developing their relationship as friends. It was also surprisingly hard trying to think of a case.
Sam throws a cautious glance to Cas as they reach the closed door. Sam opens it first and peers into the doorway, only to be greeted with his sour-faced brother. His nose deep in a book. Sam clears his throat awkwardly to get his attention.
“I thought angels didn’t sleep?” Dean pants, once he gains the breath back in his lungs.
As he opens his mouth to speak, another ache – which can now identify as a definitive cramp – rolls through his abdomen. This one is much sharper and more painful than the last causing him to let out a low groan, “Son of a bitch!” He moans, both hands on the sides of his bump.
Cas leans into the phone, his features warming, “I’m doing well Dean! How are you feeling?”
“I’m gonna puke.” Dean says weakly, gesturing for the trash can. Cas nods and quickly hands the metal trash can over to Dean. He takes it slowly in his hands before throwing up what bile is left from his previous run in with the toilet that morning.
Which is a good and somewhat disappointing sign. It is dark and an arm is snaked around his waist, holding him close. After recognising it, he relaxes into the familiar warmth. Cas’ arms are protective over him, a lax hand rests against his chest and their ankles are locked together.
Sam had stayed quiet. But as the room grows more tense he has to voice the question nagging at him, “What does that mean for Dean going forward if the angels already know? Are they going to hunt us down?”
He carefully parks Baby and gets out of the car, almost slamming the door on his way. Spotting a nearby log, he sits himself down and sobs. Loud, uncontrollable sobs that rack through his body. Each intake causing a shudder down his back. His shoulders shaking. He lets his tears flow freely down his cheeks, not caring as they fall. “God damn it Cas!” He lets out a hopeless cry into the night. Not caring that the words crack in his throat, he continues in between heaving sobs, “It was so stupid to think that anything could go right with us!” Another loud sob breaks his yelling into a whisper, “But I was stupid enough to tell you-“ the tears falling down his chin stop him again, looking down he tries once more, “And now this? What the hell?” He lets out a mirthless laugh at that. A chilling sound that scares even him as it echoes, “It’s just – I just- I-“
“Maybe a thank you is in order? You know, for saving your sorry asses?”
“Nothing is joyous about it.” Dean muses: head still perched on the seat. He grimaces at the smell of his residual meals, prompting Cas to lend himself for Dean to lean onto.
“Woah, hey, okay, buddy.” Dean stops him quickly, half-jokingly but with an air of seriousness.
~~~~~
Sam nods slowly and lifts the phone to his ear, Rowena’s contact illuminating the screen.
Cas nods in understanding, “Then are there any positions you’d want to try? Like on all fours – a very popular suggestion – or laying down in your own bed? Maybe we could get a birthing ball for you?”
We're getting close to the end! The next chapter will be the long awaited arrival of the baby, so this one is short filler in the meantime. Thank you all so much for the support on this fic!
“Are you a shifter?” Sam suddenly voices, peering his head into the laundry room.
“Humour me.”
He had been driving for almost an hour. The sun has started to retreat below the horizon line, causing an orange glow to dance along the black tar of the road. But Dean hadn’t noticed it. Usually, he would revel in the fleeting sunlight, watching closely as its rays hid carefully behind the mountains. But now, he was too wrapped up in his own thoughts. They caused a lump to form in his throat, making it hard to breathe. The low hum of Baby’s engine couldn’t calm him down and neither could Metallica.
After the birthing plan discussion, that left Dean pretty testy and on edge, Cas and Sam decided that they needed to keep the rest of the day lowkey. At least until the baby arrived, they want to ensure that everyone is calm. Thus, Sam suggested they have a movie night together.
it.” Tears threaten to spill, but Dean holds them expertly back, “All I get is to puke everything I’ve ever eaten and sleep for a week.” He adds quietly, pulling his hand away and darting his gaze away.
Slightly shorter chapter than usual, because the plot has to thicken. But here's Lucifer in all his douchey glory!
“Son of a bitch.” Dean grumbles, taking a small bite of his saltine. Surprisingly, it doesn’t make him want to run back to the bathroom. So, he takes another.
“As I should.”
“We’ve been researching for weeks, and suddenly
“I think I’ve found a case in Arrow Rock, Missouri. It’s only 5 and a half hours from here.” Sam starts wearily, looking between a disgruntled Dean and expectant Cas. He rotates his laptop to face the two of them, “Get this, so there have been 5 deaths in the last month. All of them involving a “spousal dispute”. One day it’s all sunshine and rainbows and the next, the wife is plunging a knife in her husband’s throat. Each of the vics have the same stab wounds, all from different women.” Sam’s contented smile at his findings is a little concerning.
Sam’s eyes widen and his jaw slacks, leaving his mouth agape. He looks like a deer caught in headlights. Dean looks over to Sam before meeting with Cas’ face.
~~~~~
He exhales angrily, his palms scrubbing across his face. Sighing in defeat, he looks over to his clock. 2:15am. Great. Sitting up slowly - his body creaking with the movement - Sam stretches and heads for the kitchen. Maybe some tea will help.
“Hey.” Cas interjects softly, sitting next to Dean on the small log, “I heard what you said, and I apologise. I didn’t mean for our encounter to be so harmful. This Nephilim was never my intention for you Dean. It was foolish.” Cas lays a gentle hand on Dean lower back, rubbing in small circles.
“Yeah, I’m going to work on that one. I think Dean needs rest first though.” Sam chuckles as he looks to his brother. Dean’s relaxed body slumps slightly against the back of the chair, eyes drawled with tiredness.
has been a lot to handle mentally.
“You know Sam, the puppy dog eyes were more effective when you were younger.” He takes in a deep breath and screws his eyes, “But, screw it. We’ve dealt with worst deals than this.” He rolls his eyes in defeat.
Cas’ warm lips press against the softness that he had yearned for 2 months to have back. He revels in the kiss, moving his mouth with Dean’s in sync. He yearns for more and opens his mouth ever so slightly. Dean mirrors his movements. Cas drinks in Dean mouth, praying that he can explore him while this lasts. His licks Dean’s bottom lip playfully, asking for his entrance. Dean silently agrees and Cas is free to trail every inch of the hunter’s mouth. At first, the kiss is serene, and they both move slowly with one another. But a hunger blooms within the angel, craving for more. The kiss deepens, their tongues entangling one another in a dizzying embrace.
“No it isn’t.” Cas states, “Are you hurt?”
The following morning is spent slowly as Dean helps Cas pack for the next hunt that he and Sam are going on. They are leaving in a couple of hours, because apparently the two of them are becoming Turner & Hooch - much to Dean’s annoyance. The case is also a little further away, a day’s drive to Burr Oak, Michigan. Meaning that Dean will have to be stuck in the bunker alone again for just shy of a week. That thought makes him want to scream, or cry, or hit something. But all he can do is encourage Cas and be supportive.
“WHAT?” Sam yells down the phone line, making Dean wince, “What the hell are you doing in Nebraska?! Earlier today you said you were watching TV.”
Dean drops his head down to the slight swell of his stomach, “Got it. No hunting.” He sighs, “But, if anything happens you guys better call me.” He sterns, a firm finger pointing to the both of them.
Dean brushes past Cas and gets to work on the groceries, pulling some bread from one of the bags and placing it in the cabinet. Cas, with seemly nothing else to do, leans on the counter, just watching him work for a moment.
Naomi’s lips purse into a thin line, “We never did see eye to eye.”
There is a silence between the three of them. Dean’s gaze darts anywhere but their conversation, that familiar, heavy guilt returning. They had talked it over and gotten past it on the drive. What happened is in the past, but his heart still aches that he had hurt Cas.
Sam walks past the closed bathroom door and cringes as he hears Dean gag. He huffs a long sigh. His phone weights in his right hand. A familiar guilt creeps up his chest as he clicks Cas contact on his phone.
“Bitch.” Dean mutters and crosses his arms over his bump, making his stomach look impossibly larger.
Cas bridges the gap between them further with his lips. They’re slow, soft and considerate. Something ignites in the pit of Dean’s stomach. Every time feels like the first time they had kissed, he feels a rush of helplessness, the surging tide of warmth that leaves him limp. If he wasn’t trying so hard to be upright, his legs would buckle, but Dean stays strong. Still encased in the kiss, Cas carefully pushes Dean against the counter. Hungrily, the angel deepens the connection between them, cradling the back of Dean’s head to pull him in closer. Closer. They
The younger Winchester pales at that. Lucifer is an archangel, of course he heard it over angel radio. But they don’t know who the Nephilim’s parents are. Not yet. So how the hell does he know?
“I-Cas- what are-“
Maybe this isn't as bad as it seems.
Sam’s brows cease, “Anyway, we were wondering if we could have a look at the husbands’ bodies? The registrar at the morgue said we needed to be approved first, since this isn’t our jurisdiction.” The rehearsed lines made going undercover that much easier. Sam could lie his heart out and get away with anything.
She eyes him for a moment, a brow quirked, “Well, since you’re growing impatient, I was wondering if I could recruit you again. I have been tasked with organising a task force to locate, apprehend and eliminate the child and mother.”
Happy reading :)
He misses the angel more than anything and that worries the hunter far more than how his stomach is treating him.
That is all! Happy reading
“Okay? Well then, maybe you should get some rest. It’s quiet at the moment, the perfect time for you to take it easy.”
“Hey Dean.” Sam scoffs, not looking up, “I thought you’d never get up. It’s almost 10.” He lets out a chuckle.
“Time for a beer.” Dean muses as he places the duffle on the front table. Sam nods tiredly and heads to the kitchen, Dean following closely behind him.
The side of the bed dips as Cas sits down next to Dean, his hand not leaving its post. “If you don’t want to be left alone, I can stay here with you.” Cas says, falling into hushed tones.
the baby’s heartbeat clearly in his ears. It’s rapid, stressed and on edge but it’s there. As he realises it, there is an overwhelming sense of joy as he focuses on the thudding sound. It shifts slightly, slowing down as a flutter causes Dean to look down to his stomach. An evidence of life.
Dean looks to Sam, hoping that his Stanford-educated brother finally has some sense knocked into him.
There is a silence, the phone static growing louder for a few moments. Sam can hear some muttering or whispering but decides not to pry. “Honestly? It’s sounding like it could be a demon. The time between murders fits, so does the consistent possession. If it is, that’s bad news considering we are kind of a magnet for the supernatural right now.” Sam’s bones chill at that. He hadn’t thought about what semi-local demons could mean for Dean or even-
If Dean found out his efforts to seek Cas’ help, he can only imagine the strife he’d be in. But, he had researched all the witch lore he could find and none of it suggested that a spell had the power to work after the witch was dead. Let alone a curse that had lasted this long. But maybe something else was happening and Sam just couldn’t find it. God if only Dean talked to him. Or if he could reach Cas.
“Saltines huh? And you’re sure it’ll help?.” The angel nods, prompting Dean to look for the saltines in their cupboard – which seems to be quite empty. After grabbing the packet, he and Cas sit down opposite Sam at the map table.
you’ve done?” He snaps.
“Many times.” Sam chuckles back, a hand going to dust the dirt off his shoulder.
“But-“
“Always.” Dean echoes, his breathing shallow.
Sam straightens at that, his body becoming ridged at the words. “ What are you talking about?” He defends, his weak façade not fooling anyone, let alone the Devil.
“How else did you think you’d have this baby Dean?” Rowena quirks a brow at him.
Before he can think, he’s heading down to the kitchen. His eyes blur, the bunker room doors whirring past him as he paces. So many thoughts drum his head, too loud and confusing to decipher. How does he know it’s Dean? A gift? Now?  His mind slips and he regains his bearings in the entry of the kitchen.
Upon entering the kitchen Dean meets with a pair of beaming blue eyes. Cas puts down the cook book he was apparently reading and looks between the two brothers expectantly. The fragments of the previous night flash in his mind, almost dizzying him as Dean steps through the doorway. He stands in the centre of the room, his bones cementing him to the floor.
Something hardens within the angel, “And you expect me to bow down to your will after
Sam raises a brow at that but chooses not to comment.
He grips the talisman around his neck and listens in.
Dean’s jaw clenches and he grits his teeth, “Out in the hall.” Another nod and the angel follows him out to the hallway.
“No, but your body
Cas pipes up from behind Dean’s shoulder, “Are we sure this is the best course of action? She hasn’t done us much good before.” His grip on the hunter’s shoulder tightening.
“Dean. If he is right, then this is our last chance at warding off heaven. We don’t have time to find an alternative.” Cas adorns a forlorn look, that makes Dean heart wrench a little. But not enough. This is freaking Lucifer they’re talking about.
Sam and Cas take up most of the morning and early afternoon assembling the changing table that was delivered some weeks ago. Adding the final touch to the nursery. An empty bedroom in the bunker, right next to Dean and Cas’. The only room which Dean hasn’t been allowed into, because the two dorks wanted it to be a surprise. Excitement bubbles through the older hunter as Cas comes into the kitchen, a big smile on his face.
Dean being himself dismisses the comment with a wave of his hand, “Nah Cas it’s alright, you keep watching. I’ve gotta pee.”
Dean Winchester is pregnant.
“How are you - I thought- Amara yanked you out of Cas.” Sam flusters, his thoughts fumbling quickly from his mouth, “How the hell are you here?”
Satisfied with his creation, Dean plants himself in front of Sam. “If you must know, I felt like some yogurt.” He flashes a fake smile, “With peanut butter and banana.”
was he didn’t need to know.
He’s hurt.
“Dean.” Sam interrupts his thoughts, his arms crossed over his chest, “Were you even listening?”
when we need it you’re showing up with an angelic problem solver?” Dean speaks first, anger still prevalent in his tone.
After a few moments he looks up and sighs. Which prompts both Winchester’s to worry.
As Sam and Cas try to stay alive, the next hour goes by quickly. Hazed by the ebbing concussion, Sam tries his best to keep the poltergeist occupied while Cas slips away. When Cas is able to get out of the reach of the poltergeist, he gets the objects needed for the ritual out of the trunk of the impala. A hex bag and an incantation later and the poltergeist is gone. Doctor Halen wakes up, and Cas calls an ambulance for her.
“Anger isn’t good for the baby Dean; you should know that.” He quickly interjects, gesturing to Dean stomach. The action only fuelling his rage. Dean’s nostrils flare and Cas stares daggers. Lucifer puts his hands up in defence, “Woah there, I come in peace. I don’t want to hurt the offspring of Heaven’s finest failure-“
Cas, all too calmly looks to Rowena and Sam’s paled faces, “I think Dean might be in labour.”
“I-uh-“Dean stalls, a knuckle digging into the pulsing twinge of his back. His throat tightens and he chokes on his words, “I got hurt. I think something’s wrong with the baby.” Sam flusters on the other end of the phone, Dean can hear the faint murmurers from Cas.
“Sure, maybe ask next time?”
Dean clears his throat awkwardly at that, but continues, “And what does it mean?”
Sam now paces the library, his phone held firmly in his right hand while his left rakes the hair out of his eyes, “How should I tell her?”
Cas promptly plays the film, making Sam smile.
Dean lowers himself onto one of the stools at the bench with a groan. He rubs a hand to the underside of his stomach; the constant aching is getting old. Craning his neck, Dean tries to peer over the counter, “Whatcha cooking Cas?”
Dean’s heart hasn’t stopped fluttering, since his and Cas’ kiss.
“Hello boys.” Her usual tone twinges with a hint more excitement than usual. “I see you’re in quite the predicament. Aunty Rowena can help.” She croons in a sickening sweet tone. “And congrats darlin’.” She adds, with pointed smirk towards Dean’s stomach.
“Hey Cas.” He greets tiredly and heads to the fridge in search of a beer. Cas nods and smiles and then his gaze settles on Dean. When Sam’s back is turned, Dean’s mind gathers, and he speaks.
Dean perks up more at that, his sore eyes squinting at the screen briefly, “Sounds pretty witchy.” He reasons, nodding his head.
The Devil rolls his eyes, “No. This.” He opens his palm and it in unfurls a Talisman. A leather cord with an inscribed metal spherical pendant.
“Oh.” Dean says, sitting back further into his chair, “Well -uh- I don’t know. Just tell her?”
Sam chuckles, despite his brother’s whining, “Don’t worry man, you can still have pie. We bought some apple, for when you’re feeling up to it.”
They share an awkward beat of silence before Sam continues, “Thank you for coming to take a look at Dean. I -uh- know you’ve busy doing whatever angelic crap needs doing.” His ramblings are quick again, and gauging by Cas’ furrowed brow, he slows himself down, “I’m worried about how sick Dean has been this past month. When he’s not throwing up, he’s mostly in his room.” At that Sam holds a heavy tone.
The silence in the room continues as both Sam and Cas try to egg the other on to say something. With the recent souring moods of his brother, Sam is scared that if he says anything he might pay for it. It seems Cas is the same.
.” If Dean had noticed the pointed gesture to his swollen stomach, he doesn’t mention it.
“Sure, mama bear.”
A steady thumping. It’s a strong, repetitive sound that vibrates throughout his whole being. The thumping rings in his ears, a wave of calm pouring over Cas in its wake. An amazing force of power radiates from the light. It takes over Cas’ entire body, both calming him and keeping him readily alert.
Sam’s wild gaze falls on Cas, who only offers a lost look, “Cas, you can’t go around telling people about Dean!” He pinches the bridge of his nose, “At least lie about his gender next time?”
“You’re on thin ice Sammy!” Dean calls out behind him.
“Hey.” Dean starts, walking further into the kitchen, making Cas turn to face him. A small smile plays on his lips.
Cas stops his humming as soon as he hears Dean’s voice. A flash of panic crosses his face at the interruption before it’s replaced with a slight frown. Sometimes Dean wonders if concern is Cas’ default expression now.
though.” He adds quietly.
Rowena turns to Sam and talks with him; their low tones barely can be heard from the library.
Lucifer hasn’t moved. He throws his hands up, beaming that annoying grin, “Hey guys! Welcome to the party!”
to be closer.
Before Dean has a chance to finish his sentence, Cas emerges from behind the door. He can hear his heart in his ears as he watches the angel, awkwardly fidgeting with the wood on the door. Dean’s mind tears, Cas is right there in front of him.
The following day isn’t spent doing much.
“Hey. Woah. Cas, what the hell?” Dean’s hand flies to his stomach, in defense. His face creases in confusion.
“You have no need to take the pills until your pregnancy furthers along, we just bought them for later.” Cas states with a smile. Dean hangs his head, feeling a foreign embarrassment flush his cheeks. Cas hums lowly and places a hand on Dean’s. Dean tries to hide his smile but fails and meets with the angel’s gorgeous face.
They cradle one another for moment. Hands holding the other's face and eyes locking. Cas retreats his hands to flatten out the wrinkles in his trenchcoat nervously.
“Always?”
As his coffee brews, Dean gets a whiff of it, his nose screws up and he has to hold back a gag with the back of his hand. He pours the coffee quickly down the drain as Sam watches, expectantly waiting for an explanation with a slacked jaw. “Yeah.” Dean finally says after he catches his breath. “I’ve felt like I’ve had the worst hangover for the past couple of days.” He then pauses and gestures to the coffee machine, “What coffee is this? It smells like ass.”
As quickly as he can with his encumbered stomach, Dean gets up from the couch and stretches out. His back had probably cramped up while he slept. Sam and Cas share a shrug, as he waddles out of the den.
Cas nods, “Ah yes, Sam told me earlier. I had wondered where you had run off to.” He pats a hand on his pregnant lover’s back.
“Believe it or not guys, I’m an adult who knows when he needs rest. So, back off.” He grouches, his stubbornness kicking in. Truthfully, he feels like hammered crap. But he doesn’t want to be treated like a baby or admit that his memory foam mattress is practically calling his name. Dean Winchester does not need to be pitied. Pregnant or not.
~~~~~
Rowena considers for a moment before nodding, “Anything for you Winchesters.” She adds with a longing sigh, “What is it Samuel?”
“Go on. I’m good with this for now. If I need any help I’ll call out.”
Dean doesn’t look up, “She’s done enough to make her our best bet.” he says gruffly.
“Hello Sam.” His voice holding its usual tone, one that Sam had hoped to hear weeks ago.
“Cas!”
He grips his lighter, striking it a couple of times, a flame appears. Dean blows out a breath, “Thank God-“
~~~~~
Sam rolls his eyes and puts his phone on speaker, “Cas, Dean wants to know how you are.” He smirks.
But that conversation was three days ago.
“Okay so maybe I am nesting.” Dean slumps in his seat. He looks up to Cas, defeated, “You happy?”
“Morning Sammy.” Dean breathes groggily and heads for the coffee machine. He grabs a cup.
“And because this will run like a normal pregnancy, you are going to have to make some changes.” Sam adds, failing to hide his smirk.
Dean plasters on a dumb smile and playfully taps Sam’s arm, “So it’s sounding like a simple salt and burn case that I could-“
“I’m fine man. We’ve dealt with worse.” Sam shares a look with Cas. The angel then settles his gaze on Dean, beaming. They walk quickly down the stairs, Sam brushing past Dean.
” Sam punctuates the last word for emphasis. “You have never, our whole life, actually
The “appointment” with Doctor Halen goes by in a blur of madness. Even with an arsenal in your back pocket and years of hunting knowledge, sometimes things don’t go to plan. This circumstance is one of those times.
Sam stutters, not thinking she’d agree to help them out again, “I was wondering if you could offer any help with Dean’s -uh – delivery?” He cringes at the choice of words, but he can’t take them back now.
“No.” Cas stops Dean’s train thought in its tracks. He turns to face him directly, “The risk to the Nephilim’s wellbeing is too high.” His voice softens to a whisper, “We can’t take any chances.”
Dean lets out a weak chuckle, “About that.” He bites back a laugh, laughing might do more damage than good, and lowers his voice, “I need one of you to haul your ass over here.” The plea is urgent, undercut with Dean’s usual gruff, laidback tone. He supresses another groan as blinding pain builds in his abdomen. A worried hand rubs the underside of his bump.
That is all. Happy reading!
“I think I got hexed or something when we took down that coven a couple of weeks ago.” Dean replies, not looking away from his coffee as it brews.
“No freaking chick flick moments!” He exclaims jokingly, his eyes growing glossy.
They both look down to Dean’s ever-growing bump. In which the baby from within is kicking excitedly. Dean braces a hand to his back and lets out a shaky breath as a strong kick gets him in the ribs, “Let’s not get too excited.” He chuckles lowly to his stomach, “You’ve still got a bit of time before you can hang out in here.”
Sam groans, the newly made tea only doing so much to calm him down. He’s not going to fall asleep with
Sweat dampens the collar of his shirt against his skin.
Cas and Sam both beam at that.
Adorned in mostly yellow – probably Cas’ doing -, the nursery looks perfect. There is a wooden crib, sitting in the right-hand corner, with the newly made changing table in front of it. Pastel yellow sheets, with a white teddy bear nestled safely in the crib. There is a plush grey comforter behind a small chest of drawers. The chair looks so God damn comfortable. A bee poster is above the changing table – again, probably Cas’ doing – and a selection of books on the shelf above the drawers.
Dean wakes to new surroundings. It takes him a moment, but when his eyes adjust, he is in the infirmary. His stomach feels unsettled, but he thickly swallows as he focuses his vision on a worried Cas and Sam.
The angel rolls his eyes.
Dean groans and scrubs his hands over his face, “God.” He huffs, leaning into Cas, “This is
Lucifer tuts, “This talk has been a real treat Sam, I really missed this you know. We should get together more often.” The sarcastic quip of his voice is really starting to piss Sam off. Despite the sour glare, he continues, “But our little chat isn’t the reason I came over. I’m looking for the dad- or should I say mommy-to-be Dean.”
Dean nods mutely. Maybe she doesn’t have to die, just yet. Dean notes that he’ll save those ideas for another day.
.” He gestures vaguely to the table.
Sam nods and tries to play along, “Banning?” his façade isn’t strong, but he attempts keep himself rational, if not for them, for his own sanity “Aren’t Heaven and the angels going to be tipped off?”
The Sheriff considers their offer for a moment, shifting uncomfortably in her chair. She then nods, “Sure thing boys. As long as you two can figure this thing out. We haven’t had trouble like this in what, ten years or so?” She let out a breathy chuckle at that.
“Nope.” Sam states, resisting the urge to roll his eyes, “I’ll call him. He’s probably out getting pie.” He remarks with an edge of concern.
“I thought I was helping you, not giving you a show.” Dean says, jokingly. He shuts up pretty quickly as Cas’ arms wrap around his waist from behind. The gesture is simplistic and soft, his hands resting gently on Dean’s abdomen.
“But you felt it Cas.” Dean interjects quickly, his voice cracking unexpectedly, “You felt ‘em. And you
“Come on!” Dean quickly interrupts, “I’m getting cagey in here man. If I have to stay cooped up in this bunker any longer so help me-”
“I must go Dean.” His tone hardening only slightly, “Trusting Lucifer is one thing,” he thumbs at Dean’s stomach, “but, ensuring he’s right, is another.” The hunter nods slowly, loosening his arms. “We can shop for new jeans together when I get back.” Cas whispers against Dean’s temple before pulling away from their embrace.
Cas frowns impossibly more, “No, he is not. Was he in the kitchen?”
“I thought you said-“
“You too!” She announces as Sam closes the door behind them.
Dean nods quickly, “Yeah I know.” He defends, his head falling, “I’m so sorry Cas. I just wanted to
“Not here.” Cas says without a beat.
“Yeah. Is there any way you can make it easier?” Dean grunts, his legs and back clearly protesting him being upright for more than 5 minutes. As he stands, a small twinge blooms in his lower belly. He ignores it.
Although the older Winchester would never truly admit it, he is concerned. He hasn’t been sick since he was a teen and yet, here he is throwing up the pasta that he and Sam had for dinner the previous night. It had been weeks since the coven hunt, but maybe they had something to do with this? As Dean flushes the toilet and splashes water over his paled face, he sighs heavily.
Cas has his duffle, so Dean packs light with the spare backpack he keeps in case of emergencies. Or, if they just need an extra bag on long hunts – never hurts to be safe right? He packs for a 2-day trip. Hopefully, he can get the hunt done in one. Then, he will be back to tidy up the bunker before Cas and Sam get back.
“Hey Cas.” Dean mutters back, originally wanting to mock him, but it wavers shakily as his grip tightens on the table. ”Long time, no see I guess. You went radio silent for a while there.”  the attempt to keep his composed façade wavers. He sways a little as he stands, making both Cas and Sam look to him with concerned expressions.
?” Sam’s questions linger in the air.
That is all. Happy reading!
Dean’s “stomach bug” hasn’t let up, the older Winchester constantly feeling nauseous and grumpy. Sam has tried to offer help multiple times, but to no avail. Dean is too stubborn to accept any help from Sam, complaining that he “Isn’t a child” and “can handle myself thank you very much.”
“Do you think I’ve got everything?” Cas chirps. Dean pulls his head up and looks over to his angel, fussing about with the suits in his duffle. Well, Dean’s duffle, but he was given permission to borrow it when on hunts. Dean just nods silently with a lopsided smile. Cas creases his brows, noticing his distance from his question, a hand still resting on his bump.
“Hey Cas,” Sam can’t restrain his relief and encases the smaller angel in a hug. Cas takes a beat to adjust but decides to hug back. They pull away and Cas nods to Sam, prompting a greeting.
Sam nods in silent confirmation, “She said she’s busy today. But she can stop by tomorrow night.”
“Thank God.” Dean relaxes at that, “And give me all the good stuff.” He adds with a little bit more of a forceful heave. Cas eyes him wearily as he lowers himself back down into a nearby chair.
“You-I-we sex?” he stutters, his voice still an irritated whisper.
Cas snarls, “I will not be blindly dragged into another one of Heaven’s tortuous tasks. Do you not recall what happened to the Nephilim a millennia ago? And Lily Sunder’s child was not a Nephilim, yet we were tasked to kill an innocent. Or did you forget?”
Cas hums an affirmative, “And you’re sure you’ll be okay while I’m on this case?”
“I’m a very old witch Samuel, I know more than you boys might think.” She offers him a wink. Everyone’s attention is drawn back to Dean as winces again, including Rowena’s. “And to get rid of these Braxton hicks, try to take a walk or rest if you’ve been active. A bath helps, and so does drinking water.” Dean nods weakly. She then turns to the room. “As enthralling as this might be, I’ve got some pressing matters with a coven not too far from here. But, I’ve left some aiding spells and instructions in the library. Take care of yourself darlin’.” She cups Dean’s cheek sweetly with her hand
“Of course, I apologise Dean.”
Cas nods from behind Dean and attempts shifts the hunter to a more upright position. The action only earning a groan, “Thank you for notifying us Sam. We’ll be out in a minute.”
“What do you mean?” Dean snaps, “Like I said, I’m peachy.” He plasters a fake smile for good measure.
“I won’t argue with that.” Dean inhales sharply and gets up with a small groan. His body aches and a headache has started to once again clustered behind his eyes.
Sheriff Holloway nods with a warm smile, “You two are here about the husband-murdering-wives I’m guessing?”
Cas tilts his head to the side, “There is no need to have a room with two beds Sam. I don’t need sleep.” He explains factually.
“I love you too Dean.” Cas replies with a knowing grin, before disappearing with a faint ‘whoosh’.
Cas seeked solace after his brush with the unknown force. He knew of the beings origins, yet he had to deny himself the privilege of prying into its truest form. For his own good.
~~~~~
“Are you alright?” Cas’ head cocks to the side.
“Oh-uh- nothing. Cas had to go do something angelic. He doesn’t know when he’ll be back.” He tries to be noncommittal with his answer, but it comes out sour and pointed. Sam throws him a weary glance that Dean ignores. The words he had said ring in his mind as he searches the fridge for a beer. He needs one right about now.
Sam meets with Dean’s gaze. He looks wild; hair bunched in knots and eyes scanning the room quickly. Sam considers for a moment before responding, “He-uh- went out to go get more coffee. We just ran out.”
Cas is done with this conversation, “I will not partake in this fruitless effort to purify the reputation of a corrupted Heaven.” He takes a beat, “You should leave.” The cool metal of his angel blade materialises in his palm. He hides it beneath his trenchcoat.
Always happy to see you peeps commenting on how you are liking this story so far :)
“Yes. A Nephilim is a being that will attract a lot of attention from the angels, although the gestation period is still early, the angels were able to detect the presence of another angelic soul.” Cas pauses, peering at the paled faces of both brothers.
Dean’s unusually high pitch makes Rowena turn around, she looks over to Dean with a furrow of her brow, “Dean? What’s wrong darlin’?”
The room falls silent. The two hunters and an angel of the lord staring blankly at the Devil. Dean and Cas wordlessly glance at one another, sharing concerned looks. While Sam stares at the talisman, swinging precariously in Lucifer’s hand.
“Oh, yeah.” Sam grins, waving a finger vaguely in the direction of a specific pile of papers, “Just put them over there, gimme a sec and I’ll look through them.”
My vision for this fic is constantly shifting and changing, so the tags will probably shift and change to accomodate for that. Just a warning for people who are confused as to why they change/are added on to.
“Yep. Witches, maybe a coven in Andover. Some crap about old witch lore. I get the gist.” He grumbles.
The hunter lets out a long breath and plasters on a fake smile, “I’ll let you get back to all that hunting crap you gotta do then. Tell Sammy I say hi.”
“Hey, I’ve gotta keep researching this warding. I’ll leave you two to it.” Both Cas and Dean nod in his direction and watch as the younger Winchester leaves.
Dean gulps hard, “A water birth? Like submerge the kid in water while I’m trying to push ‘em out?”
“Oh-uh – sorry.” He cringes, obviously interrupting something, “It’s just – Rowena’s here.”
“Witches.” He huffs and heads for the kitchen in hopes that anything can settle his stomach.
The two of them revel in the steady sound together, connected by the thudding heartbeat of their child. Cas pulls away, tears clinging tightly to his eyes. He heaves a breath, “Thankfully the baby is okay-“
“I understand that this situation has been very stressful Dean.” Cas replies, a soft look about his face. His hand cups Dean’s cheek, “But you’re handing all of this incredibly well. You’re so strong.”
Rowena and Dean have been sitting in silence for the past twenty minutes. In that time Dean has been plotting the witch’s slow, painful death in his head.
“I was wondering when you two would emerge.” Sam smirks over his laptop, but his coy demeanour dampens as he sees Dean’s pale face. “You alright?”
Cas and Sam sigh in unison, “That isn’t much of a ‘plan’ Dean.” Cas drones, clearly over his attitude, “Sam and I would both like to support you to the best of our ability. And ensure you and the baby will have a peaceful delivery.”
happened last night. The thoughts that enter his mind don’t give him any confidence. Fragments of muffled moans and nails digging into warm flesh. His hand hesitantly touches his shoulder, a string greeting his touch. Dean mentally scolds himself but heads toward the kitchen down the hall.
“But Dean-“ Sam tries.
Cas finally wills himself closer to her cautiously. Each step taking a monumental effort. Her gaze seems to be boring deeply into him. Like she can see right through his grace. As if she can
Cas places a hand on Dean’s and they both share a silent moment in each other’s eyes. That is until Cas’ crinkle into a grin. The baby kicks their hands from within. Even the kid is on Dean’s side.
“Dean.” Cas speaks first, eyes narrow towards the hunter. Dean sighs, standing from his bed, but as he does, his vision swims and he subtly tries to steady himself on the bedside table.
“Lucifer? We are really thinking about taking a deal with
“So what do we do?” Sam speaks quietly. Not entirely sure who he is asking the question for. Himself or Dean.
“My people skills are still rusty, as are my interrogating skills. But I’m glad I did okay.” Cas replies, looking pleased with himself. Sam beams back.
The last weeks, Cas and Dean have grown impossibly closer. They share a bedroom – Dean reasoning that they sleep in the same room anyway, so why not just share? – and now more than ever, they are joined at the hip and constantly around one another. It’s a little sickening to Sam if he’s really honest, but it was time those two clowns sorted everything out, so he leaves them be. Busing himself with meaningless hunts in between researching to leave them to the “catch up” time that they need.
That is until Sam stops her before she ascends the stairs, “Hey. Would I be able to ask one last thing?”
“I’m not a chick. I don’t need fancy scents or whatever. I just want the drugs Rowena gave us, and for it to be over ASAP.”
He potters about in the dark kitchen, fumbling for a mug and tea bag. Successful in his findings, he shuffles to the kettle and gets it boiling. His hands move around the countertops with ease, not needing any light. As he waits for his tea to steep, the atmosphere shifts suddenly. Groggy in the wee hours of the morning, Sam tries to squint in the darkness, at the impending noise. Faint footsteps plod their way into the kitchen.
was a good idea?” He scoffs. The words flowing from his mouth are sour, he knows that. But couldn’t Cas have had the decency to at least let them know? Hell, an answer to their problem would have been helpful 3 weeks ago-
“Castiel.” Naomi turns to look at the angel with a distant fondness. Adorned in a grey suit, with hair sheet white. “I couldn’t detect you for a while. However, I was reassured by one of your former garrison-mates that you might be,” Her eyes narrow, “
“No Dean. I had thought about it as well.” Now it is Dean’s turn to be surprised. It is his turn to consider Cas’ face. The angel is serene. He continues as his gaze travels to the darkening sky, “I knew that I loved you when I felt your soul in hell. The secondary intimate feelings developed over time.”
Dean sighs, a hand bracing against his aching back, “You’re lucky we’re desperate here. Where is it?”
Dean lets out a chuckle at that, “Yeah, a strong blubbery mess because of you.”
“Absolutely not.” Sam sterns, “But this should be quick.”
don’t be too long.”
“We just want to give you a labour experience that makes it easier on you. Not harder.” Cas adds, cautioning a hand to Dean’s tensing shoulder.
“I’m good.” Dean cuts Sam off casually, looking over at Cas with a smile, “I’ll be fine.”
Her words alarm Sam. They both cross the room quickly to him. All eyes are on Dean, who can’t bite back his embarrassment.
time that day, Dean gets into Baby – thanking God that Sam prefers the other cars in the garage for long trips – and starts his own trip. Lexington is a short 2-hour drive. With one stop for lunch, he will be there by the early afternoon, tracking him to be in the bunker later that night or, at the latest, the following morning. With a simple routine case like this, it doesn’t take much to complete, and she should be good to go.
“That’s the third load of washing you’ve done.
“Is that-“
“God. Cas I’m so sorry- it’s just- I’m so- shit Cas.” Dean stutters, letting out a sigh. The sigh is cut back with a grumble. The deep ache still pulsates through his belly, “Why does it still feel wrong? Are you sure the kid’s, okay?”
Adjusting to closeness and protection is still something that Dean needs to work on. It’s foreign, something he’s only shared with few people in his life. So, each new introduction of contact between the two of them feels like the first time. It’s exciting and equally terrifying - surrendering years of seclusion and self-doubt to someone who he cares about. A hell of a lot.
Sam’s mouth opens and closes multiple times as a silence blankets over them. Cas shifts his weight from the balls of his feet to his heels. His gaze darting around the room rapidly.
Rowena perks up, “Only if I can take the black grimoire home with me?” She reasons, a devilish grin warming to her face.
“It’s awesome.” Is all Dean can manage before his voice starts to crack.
They don’t need to know.
So, the angel found himself at a park in the deep recesses of suburbia. Surrounded by the constant bustle of the everyday human. It served as a background noise or deference to his spiral of doubt and disorientation.
Dean meets with Cas in the kitchen. Well, Dean meets with Cas’ back as he shuffles about the kitchen. Despite being an angel, and not being able to eat anything himself, Cas enjoys domesticating himself in the bunker. He reads cook books and is often finding new recipes for Dean to try. Dean holds back a smile at the thought as Cas shuffles to unpack the two grocery bags laid out on the counter.
Shit.
“Sam said I was nesting today when he came over.” Dean voices quietly into their shared silence. This makes Cas quirk a brow. “I was totally not nesting.” He has to add to his statement - the classic Dean ‘I’m totally a macho man’ Winchester tone creeping into his voice.
Sam sets himself comfortably on his recliner in the ‘Dean cave’. While Dean props himself up on the larger couch beside him. Once Dean got too big for his own recliner, they opted to get a bigger option, much to the hunter’s chagrin. But it turns out it’s better for him and Cas to cuddle on together anyway.
God damn it. Cas just has to find a way to make Dean simultaneously guilty and more in awe of him.
That comment takes Cas by surprise. He considers Dean for a moment as they gaze into each other’s eyes. He calculates Dean’s calmed features. He isn’t cowering away or defending himself. He holds an honest sincerity that catches Cas for a loop. The angel cocks his head to the side, prompting Dean to warm into a genuine smile. One that Cas hasn’t seen in what feels like a millennium.
Dean is screwed.
Dean nods, having briefly forgotten about his
Now that they are warded against heaven, life can resume to some semblance of normal. Dean has to adjust to not being able to hunt, and to the changes happening to him.
“I love it.” Is all Dean can muster before their lips collide again. This time more passionately, slowly. More considerate. It’s Dean’s turn to pull away from the kiss, heat flushing to his face, “It makes everything a little more
“Hello Dean.” The angel responds fondly, as he stirs what he’s cooking on the stove. It smells amazing.
“A doppelganger? A revenant? Maybe something else, I’ll have to look into the lore.” Sam continues, muttering to himself in amusement. He seems to have ignored Dean’s question as he leans against the doorframe.
“I can’t fit in these jeans.” He growls and throws a gesture down to the button on the floor. A grin plays on Cas’ lips as he sinks beside Dean.
Like it was, more often than not, the following day had been quiet.
“Holy crap Cas that was- I mean – was that?” Tears gather, but Dean still refuses to let them slip.
“What am I chopped liver? I can lift a couple of books.”  Dean huffs, as he and Cas enter the storage unit of the bunker. He throws a sour look to the angel, and then turns his attention to Sam, “We got the books on wisp folklore.” He beams, holding the stack of books high in his hands for emphasis.
Air. Dean needs air. But right now, that is the last thing he wants to think about. Cas’s mouth is too good, too soft, too warm. He can’t get enough. Both his hands fly to Cas’ cheeks, interlocking them together. He thumbs Cas' stumble and deepens their connection.
Dean throws his hands up in defence, “Don’t knock it til you try it, Sammy. Popcorn with ketchup is
“We need that Talisman Dean. It’s taken a month to get us nothing, we can’t waste any more time.” Sam’s eyes fall. Dean curses his puppy dog eyes.
Dean prays that Baby’s engine isn’t picking up, “Good Cas. Better than I thought I would.” He cringes, holding the phone against his chest for a moment before bringing it back up to his ear.
Cas meets with his gaze, “I know.” He gravels, voice thick with sincerity, “You are not useless. But I can’t let you hurt yourself or our baby. You and this baby mean too much to me.” Cas’ expression is barely readable. A mixture of relief, concern, and adoration present. It’s a chaotic whirlwind of emotion so foreign on a celestial being’s face. Dean nods in silent understanding. He shouldn’t have gone out. But he did. “I should have stayed-“
something. Being holed up in the bunker makes me feel useless.” His words are weak. “I just- I needed to hunt.”
“It is totally normal at this late stage, for you to feel the need to prepare for the impending birth of our child.” Cas croons in his sickeningly sweet tone.
“Are you sure it Isn’t why you called for Cas this morning?” Sam holds back his smirk. He quickly shuts up as something is thrown at his head. Thankfully it misses. He snorts, “I’m just saying, It’s classy.”
“I just want the both of us safe. Sue me if I don’t use our personal witch-lifeline every once in a while.” He’s trying to be playful. Adding a hand on the side of his bump for emphasis. Cas rolls his eyes. His whole body moving with the gesture.
The light has a vague form, one that Cas can’t quite make out. It’s unrecognisable, but not unfamiliar. As he focuses more he starts to
Dean’s knuckles whiten with his grip on the wheel.
“I’ve read up on some stuff that you’ll need to avoid these next few months,” Sam pipes up, making Dean huff again, “No alcohol – which is an obvious one – no raw meat and shellfish, no deli meat and it’s suggested that you stay away from…soft cheeses?” Sam adds that last one with caution, watching closely to Dean’s reaction.
us at least? Huh Cas? You thought that leaving us in the dark
“Skip the oscar speech and give me the damn necklace.” Dean deadpans, clearly sick of the charade. And frankly, Lucifer’s annoying voice. He sighs and nods mutely, handing Dean the talisman.
Dean falls into a deep, snoring sleep quickly after that. Feeling hot with Cas’ warmth and his bump, he has shifted away from the angel’s embrace. Still alighted with excitement, Cas looks over at his sleeping form, watching his lover’s chest rise and fall with sleep. Their child is healthy, wriggling safely in Dean’s false womb.
“Cas and I will go.” Sam sterns, watching her face sour, “Text me the address.” She rolls her eyes.
“Run is a strong word Cas.” Dean chuckles, “I can barely walk around right now.” He adds with a wince, repositioning himself on the stool.
his trepidation. A sudden anger boils to the surface.
“No dude,” Sam chuckles, “A water birth is when you can choose to labour or deliver in a bath or inflatable pool. You can choose to labour in the water and then deliver outside of it, or just do the whole thing while in there. The hot water is meant to be relaxing.” He says, like this is the most normal conversation to have between three men.
, Dean mentally corrects himself. And despite the clear divide between them, Cas reaches over and cups the back of Dean’s neck and deepens their connection. He pulls away slowly, the smile on his face growing impossibly larger.
“Of course, guys -uh- take your time.” Sam nods awkwardly, ducking out of the room. “I definitely should’ve knocked.” He scolds himself as he walks out to the entrance.
Dean scours the fridge and cabinets for anything he can stand, not finding anything that doesn’t make his stomach churn. Cas turns to Dean, “Apparently when one experiences morning sickness, it’s good to try bland, solid foods. Like saltines.” He states robotically, with a small smile.
Cas smiles, “Yes Dean. That was
Sam huffs, loosening his grip on Rowena’s shoulder, “You and Rowena will stay back here. I can’t have you put in danger.” He faces Rowena again, his eyes narrowing, “Or, Rowena running off.”
“I’m glad.” The angel says sheepishly, taking another long look around them, “I thought that you might not like the yellow.”
Grumpy that his sleep is being rudely interrupted, Dean grumbles a sleepy, “What?”
Dean cautions a glance down to his bump.
Sam freezes. Dean stops dead in his tracks and meets Sam’s gaze with a wild look. He’s wearing nothing but boxers, bedhead, and a scattering of fresh, red hickeys. A lax hand is resting on top of the, very noticeable curve of his stomach.
is pregnant.
Lucifer and you guys are just totally okay with this?” Dean’s statement meets with two blank stares.
Very smart. Very difficult to kill. Especially when she’s been expelled and is out in the open.
“Five more minutes.” Is the muffled response. His arms snake around Cas in a tightening grip.
“And?” Is the sour reply, not drawing his attention away from looking through the fridge, “I wanted to be comfy today, is that a crime?”
“My reliable sources have told me of your occasional visits back. So, you were obviously aware. But, we have yet to find a connection to track down the Nephilim’s presence. All of heaven’s limited staff have been on high alert-”
No matter how many times that word echoes inside Dean’s head it seems to be devoid of meaning. He can’t even begin to comprehend it.
But Dean’s infamous Winchester luck kicks in and he just can’t catch a break.
“You alright?” Sam asks, setting his beer on the coffee table.
(See the end of the chapter for
to comprehend it.
Sam’s contact lights up on Dean’s cracked cell. At some point, between being thrown against the wall and crawling halfway across the room his cell had flown out of his pocket. Thankfully, it’s still working, or he’d really be screwed. Guilt and embarrassment rise to suffocate him, making it hard to pant through the stabbing cramps wracking his stomach. He lets the phone ring, too weak to reach out and pick up his cell. Hot tears fall down his cheeks as he lets out a loud groan.
Before finishing his sentence, a dark figure materialises in front of him. Gripping the gun in his back pocket, Dean fires 2 salt bullets. The ghost evaporates quickly, leaving a short window of opportunity. Grabbing the gas and salt, Dean swiftly doses the entire pile of abandoned equipment – there isn’t time to sift through everything, so why be thorough?
Dean shakes off the haze he hadn’t realized he lulled into. He knew Cas said something, but he didn’t catch it, “Huh?”
A little too fast, but strong nonetheless. An overwhelming feeling grips around his throat, causing Dean to gasp.
“Stop right there Cas.” Dean finally pipes up; his features hard as anger starts to boil in the place of his shock. He turns to face Sam, meeting with his brother’s bewilderment, “Another time Sammy. Bigger fish to fry here!” His voice cracks, but he holds the tone, scolding Sam like a young child.
“We’ve found a whole lot of jack and a bunch of squat.” Sam rubs his eyes tiredly, “There is no mention of a warding strong enough that won’t keep Cas at bay as well as the rest of heaven. And we’ve got less than two weeks until they can track you.”
Not letting either of them help him up, he struggles a little to his feet. Swaying as he stands upright, before finding his balance and plodding his way towards the door. Grumbling some profanity under his breath, he crosses the room. As he gets to the door, he stands there for a moment and looks to Cas. He lets out a guttural sound resembling something of a groan, “You comin’ Cas?”
still feeling strange on his tongue, “God, it isn’t even born yet and I’m throwing myself into work, full throttle.” He scoffs, scolding himself.
“A warding talisman? Yes, it seems to be Sam. Ten points!” Lucifer triumphs, “This thing keeps you out of Heaven’s range. And any
“And what is the movie you two decided on?” Cas says as he slots himself beside Dean. Because despite the size of the couch, Dean takes up almost all of it.
Dean’s eyes widen, “You snitchin’ son of bitch“ he snarls under his breath.
“No.” Sam sterns, “Hunting is too dangerous! I don’t want to put you in harm’s way.” Frustration is clearly boiling to the surface. “You can’t just be the reckless hunter you used to be. There is another person you need to think about. Not just yourself.” The words fall out of his mouth before he realises they’ve been said. Guilt grips at his chest. His tone was hard and laced with sincerity.
Dean just scoffs, “I’m not “nesting”, I’m just doing laundry. Which would be going a lot quicker without your interruption.” He holds up the current shirt for emphasis.
Cas straightens up, “I’m driving you home so you can rest.” He points his gaze, “And I mean rest.”
“That’s what it’s sounding like.” Sam nods cautiously, aware of Cas’ apprehension.
“Yeah, just a back pain.” His words are slurred with sleep, “There isn’t enough room left for the kid to move around.” He lets out of a small groan as he tries to reposition.
“Do you like it?” Cas beams. He looks so radiant with the joy on his features. Dean could get drunk off of looking at his face. The crinkling in his eyes, and clear smile on his pink lips.
Sam scoffs, “She not- Dean I just want you to watch over her while Cas and I are out.”
In retrospect, it might be because of his body’s adjustment to sleeping like a hunter. Relying on only 4 hours, most nights, in dingy motel rooms can really mess with you. Sam usually expects that going to sleep will be difficult…but Jesus, can’t he have one restful night?
“Hey Cas,” Sam starts, a little more nervous than he’d like.
we had a falling out.” Cas states factually, his thumb now rubbing harder at the tensing of Dean’s shoulder.
“Why do I need all this crap? So, not only will I be throwing up Saltines, but I’ll be chucking up pills?” Dean whines.
“I thought I’d make some chilli for lunch.” He beams, turning to face Dean fully. His face falls slightly, at the forlorn look on the older hunter’s face. Seemingly distracted, Dean looks off to the distance with a slight grimace. He looks exhausted. Cas hesitates before asking the inevitable, “Are you alright?”
Cas’ expression hardens as he considers Dean in front of him. The hunter whispers a string of curses, clearly pointed towards Sam. Closing his eyes, Cas takes a moment to compose himself. He can’t bubble over with anger, so he chooses a calmer tone, “Dean, you cannot hunt in-“
Dean needs coffee and quickly. His head pounds as he paces, his hangover mixed with the flashing memories that continue to plague him. He is met with Sam’s face buried in his laptop, not noticing Dean at first as he stumbles into the kitchen. He surveys the kitchen quickly, scanning for Cas, but when he can’t find him he curses. They need to talk. Now.
~~~~~
After another awkward moment, Dean meets with their knowing gazes. He can feel their stares, “Are you two gonna say something or what?”
Not only his stomach churned but his mind is constantly reeling with reminders of the words he left Cas with. He’s been gone so long that he secretly fears the angel will never come back. That thought alone wretches at his heart, making it sink to the depth of his chest. It’s been sitting there for far too long.
was his idea.”
They meet each other’s gaze, Cas’ is slightly squinted, like he does when he surveys someone. His eyes flush with calculation and concern. They stare one another down for a few moments, before Sam clears his throat again, announcing that he is in fact in still the room with them.
a chick.”
Why in fresh hell is
“Hey what’s the hurry?” Dean interrogates, a hand touching his shoulder.
The hunter bristles under her unnervingly sweet gaze, “I’m fine.” He grumbles.
He clears his throat, “Like I said at the beginning of the pregnancy, when angelic grace is involved the gender of the carrier doesn’t matter-“
“Oh,” The Sheriff chuckles, “Soon now. Only a few more weeks to go.” Her smile is warm, but it’s cut back a little as she grimaces. “You -uh- got any kids?” She adds.
angels outside of Heaven aren’t warded.” He points a glare to Cas.
“Ye-well -uh- no Cas.” Dean almost lets out a chuckle but bites it back, “I had too much to drink last night, and I guess it got out of hand.” There is a tense silence between them before Dean backtracks, “No, I don’t mean- Cas, buddy. It’s just - I’m not gay.” He blurts out, regretting the statement as soon as it is made. The air becomes stale around the words.
Just a little side note with this story - which I forgot to mention in the last chapter - this story is an alternate canon to supernatural season 12, so I've kept Cas' wings and a vague connection between him and heaven that is stronger than in season 12. Purely for plot reasons but also because I love Cas' wings :)
It’s Dean’s turn to melt. God, he will never get sick of those words.
Cas turns to him with a sweet expression, “Like whether you’d like a water birth or not.”
Cas observes Dean, his gaze fixed on where he had touched. A realisation clicks in his head, prompting a small sigh, “I apologise.” He starts, “Breast tenderness is a common symptom-“
“I don’t understand-“ He reaches out a hand that is quickly shrugged away.
“Thank you Dean...For everything” Is his simple response. But it was enough to make something ignite in the pit of the hunter’s chest.
Dean’s brows furrow and his face scrunches, “What does that have to do with anything?”
“What do you think I’m talking about Sammy? I heard on the grape vine that our very own Dean Winchester is having a kid!” His hands clasp together with a smirk. “And to think Castiel would choose someone with the right equipment, but beggars can’t be choosers.”  He adds in a low voice.
Dean swallows his guilt and continues driving, there is less than an hour left of the trip. This hunt will be quick – just something for him to do so he doesn’t go crazy. Yeah, it’ll be fine.
They share another short silence, as Sam shakes his head.
After he’s sure that the ghost is gone, Dean rolls onto his back, a hand helplessly rubbing as pain travels from his back to his lower stomach. “This better not be what I think it is.” He moans, the gravelly mumbling not doing anything to sooth him. His breath catches in his throat, reducing to pants to help subside the pain.
“But if I’m going to help you boys, I’ll need something.” She pauses, with an incredulous look to Sam, “The black grimoire.”
Dean shoots him a death glare, prompting Sam to continue, “Well, it says here that in most cases, the intricacy of the soul bond ritual would commonly kill the human host.”
Dean sighs, “Just tell her why we need her I guess-“
Dean is whisked off the infirmary. Sam hooking his arm under Dean’s to steady him through the hallway. They pause halfway there, as Dean grits his teeth against another strong pain.
His eyes are tiring, making concentrating near impossible. Sam is definitively getting too old for this.
Waving him off, she lets out a light chuckle, “Lord no. His belongings were thrown out years ago. I didn’t want to keep his musty old things. Sorry deary.” Smiling sweetly, she places a gentle hand to Dean’s bicep. He flashes a fake smile in response.
Cas sighs heavily, and pulls Dean from drowning in the sea of his unending thoughts, “I am going to leave you be Dean. I apologise.” And before the hunter can say anything in response, Cas leaves abruptly, leaving the hallway echoing the flap of his wings.
Sam had bristled at the mention of the angel, and a flood of questions were thrown at the two of them. None that Dean could really answer. Cas tried, but his answers didn’t give Sam much confidence. Then, the younger Winchester came up with a solution. He had looked Dean in the eyes, and said, “We could always call Rowena?”
Sam and Cas’ hunt had gone remarkably well.
The drive back to the bunker had been serene, the hunter and the angel sharing in light conversation the whole way. They talked almost the entire way home, not only on the new addition to their friendship – which Dean couldn’t really call it a “friendship” anymore – but also about the memories they have shared. Dean still can't believe how everything seemed so normal, so comfortable, considering the circumstances. Cas held himself with pride, beaming at Dean as he talked.
They set out drive out to Arrow Rock later that day, figuring they can try and do what they can before sundown. The drive was quiet. The two friends only engaging in light conversation to pass the time. When they got there, they made sure to go over the basics of going undercover. Cause Cas hasn’t pretended to be an agent for a couple of years. The FBI song and dance is fairly simple, interviewing two of the wives and getting authorisation to review the bodies at the morgue. The morgue would have to be dealt with tomorrow, because they need to have a briefing with the sheriff during opening hours. A clear routine. It all seems like a blur to Sam now that he’s done it so many times.
“But Dean that was
“Morning?” Sam says cautiously.
Cas nods, “The baby reacted to the large amount of stress you caused, giving you pains. They should subside after you have rested.” He spits the last word sharply.
He thinks, his heart fluttering forcefully against his chest. Cas is willing to give up his angelic identity for him
The boys need to enlist some help to keep their unwanted visitors from finding them. Sam calls Rowena for their rescue!
The morning comes quickly. And before Sam can really wake up, he is dressed and on the way the Police Department. There is a short stop for a much-needed coffee, but they arrive right on time. Sam carefully parks Baby out the front, making sure she’s locked and in a secure place – he can’t think of anything worse than Dean being on his ass right now. The two false FBI agents stroll into the Police Department flashing their badges to anyone who asks.
Thankfully, the couple’s therapist wasn’t a cross-roads demon. Which lifted a gigantic weight off of both of the hunter and angel’s chests. That also meant that both Sam and Cas were entirely unprepared for the following proceedings of their scheduled “appointment”. Doctor Halen was an actual Doctor, she had transferred to Arrow Rock a month prior to complete a research paper. She was then promptly possessed by a very vengeful and angry poltergeist. The poltergeist in question has been spending the past month possessing the wives who sit in the sessions, recreating her own death.
Holloway’s eyebrows shoot up, “Wait, hold on. You’re thinking that-“
~~~~~
The older Winchester huffs, and despite himself takes in a few deep breaths before speaking. “What did you say about a birthing ball?”
Dean huffs, turning to face her with a grunt, “Look we’re not here to sit and chat, okay? I’m on baby lockdown.”
Dean nods, “Yeah, what about me?”
“And if we accept it, is there a price?” Cas pipes up, causing Dean to throw him a death stare. ‘WHAT?’ the older hunter mouths.
“He’s not in there is he.” Sam huffs, a hand growing to rub his face.
Even seeing the angel now, walking down the stairs of the bunker, Dean gets to truly be in awe. Cas’ gentle hand brushes up against the small of Dean’s back. Heat emits from the touch, it only lasts a second, but the hunter gathers that feeling and revels in its reassuring nature. He flashes the angel a smile, considering his eyes for a moment. The beautiful blue, gleaming impossibly more in the harsh lighting. Maybe that had something to do with the grin his features hold so perfectly. Even so, Cas was so God damn attractive. Dean tries to battle the blush that threatens to streak across his face, but to no avail. He can feel his face heat up as he looks away.
~~~~~~
“Are you alright?” The question hangs in the air between them for a moment before Dean pinches the bridge of his nose.
They enter the bunker’s library – Sam had texted them he’d be there – and they meet with a pile of books and papers scattered across the table. There are so many, barely any table is showing, causing Dean to quirk a brow.
“Hey, can we talk Cas?”
“Thanks.” Dean smiles widely and almost runs out of the library. Clearly not worried about hiding his excitement.
“Are you okay Sammy? A vengeful poltergeist aint a walk in the park.” Dean’s big brother instincts are kicking into high gear. Sam waves him off with a smile.
Dean pales, worry striking him, “You can plan this stuff? I thought it just, you know, happened? This being an angelic pregnancy and all.”
“Can it Sammy. I want to hear Cas tell us why.” Dean interjects poisonously, now glaring at Cas.
sore muscles.
Sam shares a panicked look with Cas. Dean continues talking, “But maybe talking to the shrink will help you get a better idea of what her deal is. And that her deal hopefully isn’t demonic.”
“Why now? Why
Cas strides into the room, holding two bowls of popcorn and a bottle of ketchup, “I have acquired the snacks for tonight.” He announces, handing one bowl of popcorn to Sam.
Sam pinches the bridge of his nose, “Yeah. That.” He sighs, “Because Cas pulled you up from hell, you already have one. Thus, it was so easy to -uh-
~~~~~
Later, after a tense car ride and Sam hurrying to Dean’s side panicking like he was going into labour, Dean is settled in bed. Sam sits awkwardly at the end of his bed, as instructed by Cas while he gets Dean some ginger tea.
Dean lets out a breathy chuckle.  “And you got me all the way to the infirmary-“
As Dean walks out into the hallway to the bathroom, his backache subsides. It was only a short pain. Which he should’ve expected, being so heavily pregnant and sleeping on the couch probably wasn’t the best idea.
Sam frowns and moves past him. Dean’s throat grows scratchy and his mind knots as he tries to speak. His mouth opens and closes, but Sam speaks first.
“A lot of things apparently Cas, but you’re my best friend man. I never thought that-“ Dean’s throat suddenly feels tight and his head starts to spin. He wets his lips and continues, “I can’t believe we did that. This is all too much.” He speaks his mind out loud, his hands going to rake through his hair again.
Cas breaks his gaze with Dean and turns to Sam with a measured expression, “It’s not impossible.” The two brothers just look to him, dumbfounded, “The humans that bore Nephilim a millennia ago were both male and female. Your body makes no difference when angelic grace is involved-“
Dean sighs happily at that, but still his mind is in a crazy whirlwind of thought. Both Cas and Sam seem to be adjusting pretty well to the idea of
Sam feels useless as he has only become more worried about Dean as the weeks pass. He is constantly lethargic and moping around his room listening to Led Zeppelin when he isn’t puking any of the food he tries to keep down. Sam tried calling Cas a couple more times, but ultimately decided he couldn’t bare hearing that voicemail again.
Cas straightens up, “Yes, the news seemed to disrupt the order of heaven.”
“Okay then, maybe any scents or lotions you’d want to help keep you comfortable? Creating a clean smelling environment can help to keep pregnant people calm during labour.” Sam readies his hands over his keyboard.
“Tombstone!” Dean declares, grabbing the remote from beside him, “Because it is a crime that my baby daddy has never seen it.” He adds, again turning Sam off his popcorn.
“Well.” He represses a pained grunt, “Funny story. I wasn’t watching Dr Sexy, well not when I called. I’ve been working a case.” He can sense the bitchface that Sam is giving. Dean waits a beat for a retort or outburst, but worryingly the line is quiet. A silent Sammy is worse than a lecturing one. “A ghost was haunting a shipping warehouse. Was, past tense, cause I ganked the sucker.” The line is forced, the humour obviously falling on deaf ears.
“Hello Dean.” The angel coos softly, meeting with Dean’s eyes. They’re drawled with tiredness, his face a little paler than usual. Cas’ brows furrow slightly, “You seem tired.” He adds attentively.
“Hey.” Dean frowns, “He’s -uh - getting more groceries. We ran out of pie.” A red tint dances across his cheeks as he darts his eyes away from their conversation.
“No. It wasn’t.” Dean’s voice is tight as he looks to Cas. Their faces only inches apart. “I just wish I’d said all that crap while I was sober.”
Cas is left speechless. They both stand in the hallway, staring into one another’s eyes intensely. Dean’s mind separates from him. He can’t catch a single one of the flying thoughts that reel through his head. It’s like he is looking at a conversation unfold between two strangers. But it’s not two strangers. He and Cas had sex. And he wasn’t sober enough to stop it. Hell, Cas said he
Lucifer snorts, “I come bearing gifts.”
“What happens when we take the deal? Huh? He says that it’s insurance, but we’re taking about the devil here guys!” Dean’s voice cracks as he throws a helpless gesture towards Lucifer. Who is whistling and looking off into the distance.
Cas sighs and looks to Sam with sympathy, “Sam. Dean and I-“
“The same coffee we always get?” Sam says slowly, Dean squints at him, confused. Sam’s mind races with questions, his confusion boils into a mild annoyance, “Wait you’ve felt sick? And you didn’t tell me?”
Hell for my reappearance.” He gestures to his body, his old vessel Nick, “Good old Crowley fixed up this old thing after I was left to jump from vessel to vessel for a minute there – Thank you for that by the way. But here I am, good as new. I knew you’d like seeing a familiar face.”
“I might get some cabin fever, but I’ll manage.” Dean reassures, he then wriggles closer to Cas, “Just come back.” Dean warns.
Dean carries their weapon’s duffle heavily in his hand. He needs a cold beer. Sam and Dean both do after that hunt. The Winchester brothers trudge down the bunker’s steps with heavy feet. Sam has a bruise colouring on his left cheek and Dean’s ribs protest with every breath. Being thrown against a wall does that sometimes.
“We’re finished.” He says with a blissful look on his face.
The question lingers, as does Cas’ hand.
“No!” Dean says too defensively, “It’s just -uh- th – that
“Heaven is secured. They don’t know the whereabouts of the Nephilim.” The angel triumphs with a smile, which falls quickly as he looks between the Winchester brothers. “I have missed something.” He concludes flatly.
“It’s been a month Sam and we haven’t found anything!” Dean’s anger bubbles to the surface uncontrollably as he paces the bunker’s library.
Sam is visited by an old enemy, who has something that they need.
“What? Are you alright?” Sam’s voice is quick, and Dean can hear rustling in the background.
Sam laughs, a genuine deep laugh that lights up his whole face, “Either way, you are going to be a great dad, you just need to think about yourself for a change.” He claps Dean gentle on the shoulder, earning a nod from his older brother.
something
“Nothing much Cas,” He replies in a sour sarcastic tone, “Except for the fact I woke up naked in your bed this morning!” He whisper shouts.
“No, it’s my fault that I almost did more damage than a bit of stress. You deserve to go on hunts with Sammy. Someone has to cover for me God- Ah-“  Dean winces and curls over his bump.
Ms Mulberry’s eyebrows crease further down at that question. She ponders for a moment, eyeing Dean cautiously as she thinks, “Well, his boss always keeps things like that in the warehouse storage.” She starts, hesitating somewhat with her answer, “You’d have to ask around the warehouse. They might know more than me.” She offers, her look almost sympathetic.
Thus, Dean concludes that being on house arrest is officially the worst. He’s trapped inside with his thoughts. But he must make himself comfortable because he will be confined to the bunker for a little while. To make the best out of a bad situation, Dean aims to set himself up in his room. Maybe some Dr Sexy MD reruns and pizza will help?
because either of you two douche-nozzles told me to.” Just to sweeten the deal, he yawns right on que.
Sam and cas arrive at the bunker and meet with Dean at the bottom of the stairs. Despite them being gone for the last two and a half days, he is still wearing the same sweatpants. He has a wash of concern as he looks to Sam.
Or even
Not even twenty minutes into the movie, Dean is snoring soundly in Cas’ lap, while the angel is intently watching the film. By the look of things, he’s genuinely interested in the plot. Or maybe he’s trying to figure out why Dean loves the movie so much. None the less, while watching he combs his fingers through Dean’s hair.
Dean speaks before he can think, “But I do love you.” He can’t swallow them back. They have been said and Cas’ face lights up as he considers them.
“No.” Sam cuts in, “Now get out.”
“Lucifer was right, these Sigils and wardings are of ancient decent.” Cas reports, “if anything were to ward off Heaven directly, it would be these.”
Fear bests him as Sam calls for the second time. It takes everything to will his aching body to move. A panic ebbs as he reaches his phone and picks it up.
Cas’ brows furrow even deeper into his squinted eyes (if that is even possible), “But Dean you said-“
With Dean’s pregnancy so close to the end, all the trio could do was play the waiting game. So, they had spent the day doing nothing. Most of it, Dean and Cas were in bed, finally resurfacing when Dean wanted to have lunch. But now, all three of them are existing together in the library.
4 weeks have past and Cas has been radio silent.
Dean throws him a death glare.
to do laundry. Let alone this much of it.” He throws a messy gesture to the baskets beside them.
“Right. That.” Dean tried to joke, but it only causes a lump in his throat. He looks down at his flat stomach then to Cas again. His blue eyes shine in the last light of the evening. His lips look so full as the moonlight bounces delicately across them. His stubble -
Cas.” He stutters, adding the last past quietly.
“So is this place just open for anyone to walk in? Lucifer a couple months back and now this?” Dean’s voice takes the angel by surprise. They look at one another, Cas’ face falls and Dean’s is hard with anger.
Cas sighs, “Dean- “
“Nothing too much, just that now the Nephilim is…progressing,” Sam shoots a quick glance down to Dean’s stomach, “The soul bond and angelic grace are an integral for the development of the -uh- Nephilim.”
“Hello Sheriff, I’m agent Morrison and this,” He gestures to Cas who is very still, his eyes squinting, “is agent Seger.”
Dean is alone in the empty bunker, in search of something to do. He would give anything to be on that hunt. Something to fight, gank, salt, impale. God, he craves the freeing feeling of fighting monsters. Never staying in one place, being on high alert and hunting things that go bump in the night is what Dean has done for as long as he can remember. However, awaiting the newest arrival to their family is completely uprooting every aspect of the older hunter’s life. Not to mention, impending fatherhood at this stage in his life is terrifying. With everything shifting and changing around him – including his body -, Dean lacks the chaotic consistency his day-to-day used to provide him with, so at times he feels on edge and overwhelmed. Dean holds himself back from the tears that threaten to spill. It’s completely ridiculous to get so upset over the thought, but he can’t seem to help himself.
The angel practically runs down the bunker’s steps. Sam follows slowly behind with a grin. Cas, holding Dean’s duffle carefully in his hands, peers into their room. It’s empty. He furrows his brows slightly but sets down his duffle anyway. Cas walks out into the hallway and meets with Sam’s wide eyes.
~~~~~
“If he’s – he’s LUCIFER! Am I the only one not taking crazy pills around here??” Dean whisper-shouts, “We can’t take this deal!”
They break from their huddled position in the library and hesitantly approach Lucifer. His smile is telling, but they keep a stern façade.
Cas nods, not a note of judgement on his face, “Yes, it does.” He pauses, a hand lowering to Dean’s midsection, “But they seem to like the nursery.”
“Oh god, so puking my guts out all the time isn’t enough change?”
“And you neglected to mention the fact that “when angelic grace is involved” means that it-uh-“  Dean interjects, but he stops talking because he wants to puke. All over Cas and his stupid face.
him to have sex with him.
“Did he leave any of his things behind at the warehouse? Any of his old suits or gloves left there?”
In the past weeks, this has been happening more than Dean would like to admit. Luckily, his nausea has eased, but in its place are a whole new list of…oddities. Cas had very lovingly suggested that he was experiencing “mood swings” after he couldn’t stop crying when they watched Tombstone together. The comment was met with a death stare and the silent treatment – that lasted a grand total of 2 minutes before Dean broke down in a teary apology.
A figure, who looks all too familiar, has his back to Sam obscuring the true view of who it is. The younger Winchester takes a few steps towards the entrance, still trying to keep his distance. The figure turns around, clearly taking notice to the shifting behind him. Sam’s jaw tightens. The figure's eyes flash red before crinkling into a knowing glare.
Later, satisfied that his work is done, Dean waddles to the kitchen. Cas is humming something that he can hear from down the hallway. He never usually hums unless he thinks no one is listening. Dean thinks its adorable.
About an hour in, Dean’s phone buzzes on his centre console. Checking the road is clear, he picks it up and brings it to his ear.
He draws small patterns on his stomach with his fingers, his eyes focused intently as he does. It’s not a big change, just a little swell that seems to keep growing by the day. It’s strange to get used to, a bit of extra weight that’s gathering around his middle. Cas has reassured him that at 18 weeks he looks great, Dean doesn’t think as much. But his growing stomach is holding something important. The small bulge is housing a baby.
Cas leans forward and places a gentle hand over Dean’s abdomen. His fingers trace light patterns over its surface, “You and the baby both need rest, and you know it. I can join you if you want?”
Cas and Dean come back to the bunker and are met with Sam researching. He isn't bearing good news, but sometimes bad news can lead to something ultimately good.
It takes a beat, but Dean’s face goes pale.
“What about Dean?” Cas pipes up, his face is fixed in a deep frown.
With my baby!jack series here on this account, (which I will be adding to when I finish this), I don't plan on extending the story too far past Dean having Jack. However, I'm thinking of writing a one shot here and there for this verse. I hope you guys have enjoyed this fic as the end is in sight. Thanks so much for all the kudos and comments :)
Still sitting on the bed, Dean glances down to his exposed stomach. His shirt is folded to sit just above the swell. The bump is small - it could be explained as a bloat or a minor beer gut -  as it peeks over the waistband of his boxers. But it’s still
“Peachy.” Dean deadpans, “But I miss you.”
loads of washing this morning.” Dean can’t tell what tone Cas is taking, but he doesn’t like it. He shows his distaste with a scowl directed at his angel. “Which is very justified at this stage in pregnancy.” Cas feels the need to say. But the comment still has Dean narrowing at him.
So sorry for the whacky upload schedule but I'm back at work and it's getting a little bit difficult. Anyway, these chapters keep getting longer and longer! At this rate, I don't really know how many words this fic will end up being.
Dean looks lost as he snaps up from his phone, “A birth plan?” he echoes.
Dean never knows how long he is hunched over the porcelain. It feels like an eternity. His skin has grown clammy, breath shallow and his face has lost all colour. Cas just sits silently beside him, rubbing and patting his back slowly. Dean lifts his head, and he meets with the angel. Cas looks adorable, wearing one of Dean’s baggy old band shirts with his hair tossed with sleep.
“Sure thing, Casanova.” Dean says smugly. Trying to keep his macho façade from fading.
While Sam is milling about in the kitchen, Dean is hunched over the cool porcelain of the toilet seat, like he has been for the past 3 mornings. He doesn’t know how long he’s been there; his skin has become clammy, and hair has slicked against his forehead with sweat. He woke with a start this morning, the burning feeling of bile rising in his throat as he stirred, making him run to the bathroom.
“Pregnant jerk.” Sam retorts, relishing in the scowl that’s thrown his way.
The large pile of equipment slumps against the back wall, all sorts of gear has been thrown on top it. Including Brian’s gloves. His small grin still present on his features, Dean rubs the side of his bump, “See, easy as pie-“
“Can I go back to sleep?” Cas nods silently, his hand returning to its post on Dean’s stomach. The small flutters continue under his palm. Dean nods and nuzzles back into his pillow with a smile.
“Yes. Which complicates things.” Sam ponders for a moment and looks between Dean and Cas. Cas’ hand on Dean’s shoulder is delicate, it is thoughtful and grounding as his thumb traces on long the silhouette of his shoulder. Dean has an air of panic, but it is clearly dulled by the touch. Cas’ earlier smile has faded, but as he looks down to Dean there is an affectionate awe about him.
“A Nephilim pregnancy varies depending on the evolution of the human baring the child.” Cas turns to Dean, whose eyes dart quickly away, settling on the edge of the infirmary cot instead, “I suspect your pregnancy will last 40 weeks, as per the gestational period for humans. There have only been a handful of Nephilim born since their banning a millennia ago, so I am unclear on the details.”
Cas attempts to calm him, “I can let you hear what I heard if you’d like.” He reasons, slowing his speech down to counter Dean's rigid nature. The hunter softens and considers for a moment, before surrendering his hand from his stomach.
At that Dean pales again and takes a small bite of his cracker to subside the ebbing nausea.
Cas! Lucifer is bad news for both me and the Nephilim If this favour ends up endangering us.” Dean pleads, trying to be the voice of reason.
Cas sighs at that, his heart wrenching at the state of Dean, “I didn’t see the Nephilim Dean, I
“Dean?” Sam starts, sounding more pissed than anything, making Dean bite back a scoff,  “Where are you? We just got back.”
Dean thinks over it for a moment. Over the last few days, he had felt the need to get everything ready in the bunker. Despite there being no real jobs left to do. The nursery was done, it had been for weeks. Sam had gone out and gotten the needed extra supplies for the baby, like bottles and diapers. But who could blame him? Having a baby is a big deal. And it took him long enough to accept that he was actually pregnant, let alone having to get ready to have one.
So sorry for the slow uploads, this fic is a little harder than I was expecting to write, but I'm starting to get my mojo back and i've got a bit more time on my hands so hopefully more chapters soon (but don't expect them right away, it takes a little time)
ago. If they did hex you, and that’s a big if, don’t you think I would be sick too?”
That earnt a long sigh and fallen look, “While I was away I considered this possibly,” He starts not focusing on either of the expectant eyes boring into him, “I am willing to surrender my grace while Dean’s gestation period progresses. I want to stay with both Dean and the Nephilim. I have been human before and I do not mind being human again to stay present.”
The three of them huddle close to one of the book shelves. Dean’s eyes are wild.
Dean pipes up at Cas’ comment, “And you didn’t even think to tell us?” he pauses, waiting for any reading on the angel’s face but all he gets is a shy turn away from him. This tips the hunter off, “You couldn’t call or
“Let’s just get going with the movie, shall we?” Sam desperately tries to take the attention away from whatever is happening over there.
“Well, you heard wrong.” Sam sterns, glaring at Lucifer.
The two of them leave the bathroom (after Dean has brushed his teeth and cleaned up a little more) and head for the kitchen.
“That would probably be for the best, especially for the future.” The comment earns a groan as Dean nuzzles further into Cas’ chest. Cas lets out a soft chuckle, “I do have to check up on Heaven.”
adjusting to the hormonal changes of this pregnancy as evidenced in the tenderness.” Cas states factually, “It’s completely normal at this stage-“
another month and a half!”
His vision blurs with unshed tears, forcing him to pull over in a clearing beside the road.
“What are you upset about?” The angel leans in cautiously – Dean looks like he's 2 seconds away from going nuclear.
“But what about you Cas? Won’t the warding affect you as well?”
After the initial shock has worn off, Sam clears his throat, “…Dean?” He cautions in a whisper and a look that says, ‘what the hell are you doing?’
“How about, you get him over here and I’ll give it to him myself huh?” Lucifer’s gives a knowing look that urges the hunter to move.
“Stop askin me that!” He snaps. Cas’ face falls and Dean sudden feels guilt grip at his chest. Annoyingly, he remembers Rowena’s words from earlier, “A little achy, but that’s fine, right?” Dean backtracks, making it more of a whisper-shout than whisper.
Leaning towards Dean, Cas kisses him on the lips. “Hello?”
find something Dean. Come on-” Sam stops, hearing the soft patter of footsteps. Dean’s ears perk up and a smile curls on his lips. Sam bites back a chuckle and gives the older hunter a knowing look as Dean meets with his gaze again.
Dean pulls Sam aside before he can walk away. Glaring him down, “I’m not going to be babysat by the wicked witch of the west.” He says through clenched teeth.
The younger Winchester can sense the heavy tone behind his voice, “Well, at least you’ll be able to help me sift through these books now that you’re back?” He flashes those infamous puppy dog eyes, which only earns a deep groan.
“It’s only a theory. We have to look into every possibility.” Cas reports factually, earning silent praise from Sam.
The angel nods slowly before raising his head, “It is difficult for you to understand,” He starts, “But I had to take time myself before comprehending the Nephilim’s existence. The presence of a newly made soul is disorienting and I was unable to tell you in fear of burdening you.”
while out with Cas. The returning panic from before rises in his chest. Cas, picking up on the discomfort,  quickly notices the hardening of Dean’s features and comes up behind him. A warm hand soothes over the hunter’s shoulder, causing him to melt at his touch.
Cas wades down the bunker steps carefully and meets with Sam’s overenthusiastic gaze. He flashes a quick smile in return, his brows quickly returning to their deep quizzical furrow. Seeing the familiar face welcoming him back to the bunker warms him only slightly. A foreign nervousness blooming in his chest.
Pregnant.
What Dean doesn’t see as he storms off is Cas following after him. The angel taking a few steps before a gentle hand falls on his shoulder, “Don’t” Sam chokes. Cas closes his eyes and nods, listening as Dean storms out to the garage.
“It’s just routine questioning, I apologise ma’am.” Dean mentally scolds himself for expecting an easy find. No matter, remains are still a thing, “Do you have anything that belonged to Brian still in your house?” He winces and discretely braces a hand to his back; he’s been standing a little too long.
Rowena looks to him for a moment, quirking her brow as if waiting for more. She then leans back in her chair, “I’ll need a better answer than that Dean.”
Sam’s stomach drops slightly. Ten years? Could that something? Maybe they are going about this all the wrong –
“I couldn’t decipher the soul’s presence at first. But, experiencing the Nephilim I have confirmed my initial suspicions.” The angel added factually, looking Dean in the eyes this time. The hunter’s eyes swim with too many emotions to read. Every emotion obviously whirring through his features.
Unpacking doesn’t take long. Cas releases Dean, leaving his back feelings cold at the sudden absence of body heat. They face one another, Cas beaming with a sweet smile that spreads to Dean’s face.
Cas nods slowly in agreement, “I guess so.”
Cas turns to face Dean, his attention entirely devoted to the hunter. He sighs in contentment, “And you really like it?”
“1 minute and 9 seconds.” Cas reports robotically. “However, you have been coming in and out of consciousness since then.” Sam nods mutely.
Nephilim.”
“It’s impossible!” Sam blurts out, breaking the heavy silence that had fallen between the three of them,  “You two- dean – he’s a guy!” He throws wild gestures between them.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sam perks up, “Wait, Rowena how do you know all this angel stuff?” he says slowly, seeming to get the wrong outcome from their conversation.
Dean snorts, “You’re a big sap.” His gaze then travels back down to his bare stomach, “Now I gotta get new jeans.” He whines.
“Hello?” A voice booms from the entrance of the bunker, stopping Sam in his tracks. The voice too eerily familiar for his comfort. He stays silent in the hallway for a moment, clutching at the gun in his back pocket. Dean and Cas continue to talk, their quiet chattering undisturbed. Sam slinks around the corner and peeks into the main entrance. The cool metal of his pistol melds with his grip.
“Yeah I guess that wouldn’t be good,” Dean jokes, “I’m already on thin ice with him about all this.” He gestures to his stomach vaguely.
Dean’s body hates him, the older Winchester concludes as his dry heaves echo throughout the toilet bowl. He winces as his stomach cramps from gagging so much. The world spins and his eyes start to blur. He retreats against the wall tiles, his cheeks strained with tears. He truly feels awful. His insides feel like they’re burning, his stomach completely empty. God, how he wishes he could just eat a burger. But even thinking about food could cause him to kneel over again.
“The- oh god.” Sam pinches the bridge of his nose as he silently regrets this call for help, “So you’re only helping us because there is a spell book involved?”
The atmosphere is disturbed as a quiet ‘whoosh’ comes from beside him. Cas knits his brows, eyes softening as he lowers to Dean’s level. His hands are firm against Dean’s shoulder, “Dean.” His tone is surprisingly gentle. Dean can’t look at him, shame weighs his gaze to the dull floor. He winces, biting back a groan as the pain once again creeps up his back and to his stomach.
“I’ll add it to the plan.” Sam nods, noting that in his laptop.
“Hell if I know. I just feel like crap.” Dean sighs as he sits heavily down with a groan.
“Hello?” Dean answers, a little more hesitant than he’d like.
~~~~~
Dean nods him off and turns to face Cas. The angel still wears his warm grin. Dean closes the space between them with a kiss, it’s quick. Cas letting out a low whine when he pulls away.
Dean sighs as he settles back down on to the couch. Careful to place a pillow behind his back, “I’m fine, thankfully it passed.”
That is all! Happy reading.
“So I will be unable to surrender my grace.” Cas concludes, interrupting Dean’s train of spiralling thoughts.
“Dean-“
“Nope,” Sam can hardly contain his smile, looking at his brother grumble with his saltine, but out of sympathy he does, “I’m going to the store today to pick out some supplies. And I’m going to throw out anything that you can’t have. That includes old take out.” He throws a knowing glance to Dean who opens his mouth to protest, “No buts! You shouldn’t be eating that crap anyway Dean, after a while that stuff is hardly food anymore.”
bit of a filler chapter before the next one, but here we are! A bit of destiel getting closer ;) and hormonal dean to soften what is going to go down in the next chapter
Throwing the covers back, he invites the awaiting angel. After the rustling of clothing being taken off, Cas wriggles to press his stomach against Dean’s back. An arm is promptly draped over Dean, a lax hand resting against his bump. His hand is warm and safe, as his fingers draw small circles over the curvature of his stomach.
He dramatically quirks a brow, “Well you see, I didn’t hear wrong.” His tone is cold, “Archangels have pretty good ears when it comes to this sort of stuff.” He breaks into a beaming smile and looks around the entrance of the bunker, “So, where is the mommy-to-be huh? I’ve even brought a gift for the baby shower!”
Cas hangs up the phone and looks longingly out to the playground, he can’t keep his distance any longer.
“Are you alright?” Cas cautions, a hand going to cup Dean’s face.
“What Cas? Every time one of your soldiers comes barging in here, I’m just supposed to suck in? Look at me, I look like friggin Juno over here man, come on!” Dean’s voice is raised, but not at Cas.
“Like it?” Dean says, his voice straining against the lump in his throat, “It’s really great Cas. You two did such a good-“
“Of course Dean.” He responds, but he doesn’t move, just waits patiently for Dean to speak.
3 days and five seasons of Dr Sexy later, Dean can’t stand it anymore.
She shakes her head, “Nothing. It’s just, unfortunately darlin’, this was just a practice round of contractions. They’re called Braxton Hicks contractions. The pains are too close together and sporadic for you to be in labour.” Rowena’s tone doesn’t have a trace of mockery, but genuine sympathy.
go on hunt. Guilt flutters in the pit of his stomach. He bites his lip and cautions one more glance to his silhouette in the mirror. “Let’s just hope I can still fit in my duds.” He rubs a hand along the underside of his bump.
“So, you’ve been hiding? All this time?”
She hums an affirmative, “After Metatron attacked, I had a few reliable angels spread the word that I was dead.” She continues the conversation, seeming unphased by the dangerous expression being thrown her way.
“Yeah -uh- thanks Cas. It’s just all too much for me. This is just all kinds of crazy that I can’t wrap my freaking head around.” His head falls to his hands.
The hunter’s stomach is in knots, he sighs against the touch, “It- it’s -uh- fine Cas always happy to help.” He offers weakly, stuttering.
So, he can stand to look a little bloated.
“Cas thought you might like it.” Sam says quietly. He then makes a gesture to the bee poster, “
Deciding against trying to squeeze into more of his jeans; Dean slips into an old pair of sweatpants. They look ridiculous with his flannel and undershirt, but they’re comfortable.
Dean pipes up, “So you’re thinking possession?” Cas furrows his brow.
There is a long silence that follows that statement as all three men consider the situation.
And I apologise for the quick pacing of these first two chapters, the others will be a little slower but I needed a little time jump.
4 weeks of Dean avoiding any questions relating to the morning that Cas left. 4 weeks of Sam worrying over where Cas is and Dean seeming to become more and more distant because of it.
Sam blinks. “Wait-wha-really?”
“Shut up.” Dean huffs and turns to Sam, “Where’s Cas?”
Dean stops folding the shirt in his hands and perks up, “What?”
The last few days that had been a common ritual. Dean had felt awful, not only could he not keep any food down, but during the day he generally felt like crap. He was constantly tired, and he kept getting dizzying spells.
“Good news, not a demon. Bad news it’s a vengeful poltergeist!” Sam pants quickly, ducking as the therapist’s vase is thrown past his head.
Sam’s knuckles whiten on the handle of his gun, resisting the urge to shoot. Lucifer’s an Archangel sure, a bullet would only cause a flesh wound. But God does he want to lodge a bullet in that son of a bitch’s skull. Lucifer stays still, as Sam’s mind rushes with questions, too many to materialise in his mouth.
Frantically wiping away the stray tear he didn’t know had slipped, he looks up, now very embarrassed, “…Yes?”
Lucifer shrugs, “Call it a little insurance. Anyone worth anything wants a favour owed from the Winchesters, call me greedy, but I want one too. So, take the talisman and owe me one.” He turns to face Dean, “Or don’t and have Heaven’s robots hunt you and your little monster down for all eternity. And I saw what they did to the Nephilim a millennium ago and trust me pal it aint pretty.”
“Right yes. But I also got a signal from angel radio about the Nephilim around 3 weeks ago.”
Anyway, Thank you all so much for your support on this crazy fic thus far!
“I may not have been Dad’s favourite, but he made some fun trinkets I’ll give him that.” A cold chuckle leaves his lips, “And you could say, I thought I’d store this one away until someone desperate needed my help.”
Before Dean can register what’s going on, his body collides heavily against the opposite wall. Bracing himself, he falls to the ground with a loud thud. A blinding pain grips his stomach, he lets out a surprised gasp. The wind is suddenly knocked from his chest. A blind hand paws at his belly with a wince. The ghost chants and screams, but they are dulled as the swift ache pains him again. His stomach is throbbing, deep cramps coming at him in waves, “Damn it.” Dean lets out a guttural groan as a sharp pain radiates from the base of his stomach.
“I’m so glad you’re not going to be pregnant soon Dean, cause that’s gross.” Sam crinkles his nose up, as his popcorn suddenly doesn’t look as appetising.
Cas grabs at Dean chin and pulls his gaze to look up at him. “Your weight increase is a sign that the Nephilim is progressing. They are healthy, as are you.” A chase kiss presses to Dean’s lips, causing a deep crimson to spread across his cheeks.
The hunter takes a deep breath and continues to unpack the groceries, dragging Cas along behind him like a human, well, angel-shaped cape. In a comforting silence, Dean gets to work with putting away the groceries, too focused to notice the clear smile plastered on the angels’ lips.
Dean, choosing to sleep instead of going on their little adventure, wakes two hours later, to the sound of Sam and Cas walking through the hallway. He groggily gets up, and heads into the kitchen, following after them.
and yet the hunter can’t even begin to fathom what’s going on. His body hates him sure, but it's housing something made up of both him and Cas, which should be enough to compel him to accept it. But he still can’t believe that they bought all this pregnancy crap for him when he doesn’t even want face it himself.
“You’re nothing like Dad.” He says, biting back the chuckle that sits behind his lips. It’s Dean’s turn to crease his brows.
Dean smiles weakly shaking his head, “I’m always tired.” He sighs, “I’ve just been doing laundry all morning.”
Cas hums in agreement, “I understand. If you need more time, we can give that to you.” He concludes with a saddened tone, looking to Sam who can only spare a shrug.
God Damn it.
This chapter is kind of like my take on 12x11 'Regarding Dean', i took a bit of inspiration from the episode in regards to Rowena's and Dean's relationship and to the vague "plot" of this chapter.
“Yeah, I’m starting to think so too.” He hunter tenses, a thought dawning on him, “But I’m way too early, right? The kid isn’t due for
“That baby of yours is simply preparing your body for when it’s really time.” The witch says slowly, making sure that Dean can understand. Cas nods, knowing that Dean will most probably take none of this information in.
“I enjoy watching you.” He says, practically growling in Dean’s ear. Dean fumbles with the chip packet in his hands and almost drops the bag.
Surprisingly, they talked down a new Rugaru and avoid a lot of carnage. The two of them able to get back to the bunker by late nightfall, 3 days earlier than planned. Sam wanted to surprise Dean out of his stay-at-home funk, by choosing not to tell him about their early arrival. Cas had been ecstatic the entire drive home at the thought.
Groggily, Dean wakes. The nagging need to pee had drawn him out from his deep sleep. He blinks his eyes open and paws at his face tiredly. Still hazy with sleep, he notices that Cas’ side of the bed is empty and cold. Dismissing that, he slowly heaves himself out of bed to take a leak. He blinks in the light of the hallway, hearing distant chatter.
Naomi’s features warm into a chilling grin, “Those were simpler times.” She takes a beat, looking around the bunker, “Where is the aforementioned Winchester?” She dares to ask.
“Normal?” Dean’s anger boils over suddenly again, “You’re just telling me about – about  “tenderness”
Her bright red lips curl upwards and she sighs blissfully, “It’s current residence in at the McLoughlin household.” There is a sour edge as she mentions the name, but quickly she brushes past it, “They live in Blue Hill, about an hour’s drive from where we are.” Sam furrows his brows, “Don’t scour at me Samuel. I’ll talk you through the directions on the way.”
“We’ll try to be quick. It’ll only be a couple of hours. You’ll manage.” Sam chuckles lightly. “And who knows? Maybe can give you some advice.” He shrugs before walking towards Cas.
Cas lowers his hand to Dean’s abdomen; it begins to emit the same yellow light as yesterday. Cas screws his eyes closed and focuses on the angelic soul. The same blinding light greets his gaze, the vague form of the Nephilim making themselves known. After searching for a few more seconds, he hears it.
“Birth? I’m afraid not Dean,” That earns 3 ghastly looks. She hooks her reddened lips into a smile and holds up a finger, “But, I can give you something to help with the pain.”
A low grumble comes from the other end of the line, “What kinda friggin demon is collecting their bounty through possession? And wearing a shrink? They’re creative suckers sure, but they aint that creative.” Dean sighs, “I’m doing great by the way, thanks for asking. Although, I am starting to feel like Bobby, held in this empty bunker getting information for you two schmucks.” He pauses for a beat, “How’s Cas?”
Mere weeks from his due date, the bunker is tense with anticipation for the arrival of The Nephilim. But before that, the trio need to prepare for the baby’s imminent delivery.
“Oh, well I’m glad you two are -uh- you know – okay again.” Sam stutters slightly but settles on those words.
in the bunker?
“Did you find anything worth reporting?” Dean breaks the tense silence that had fallen upon the three of them.
“What Sam?” He snaps, putting down the book he was reading on Ancient Witchcraft and Wiccan Ritual, “I’m fine, I don’t need-“
Sam blinks a little wildly and looks up, “yeah, I think so? I’m not 100% sure yet. Hence, I needed some more information.” He works over the mess of papers and reaches for the books Dean and Cas had brought in, “How was the library today? Sorry I couldn’t get to it; I just wanted to organise
“And Ms Mulberry you’re sure that his body was cremated?” Dean’s tone is a little more urgent than he’d like He shifts his weight from foot to foot, a twinge of pain clusters in his lower back.
He hadn’t known how long he stayed stationary at the park, watching as days fled into nights. Time is felt differently when one’s purpose is shifted.
Then, the innocent soul brushes his grace ever so slightly. Flushing Cas with a rush of warmth and safety. Like the being has recognised his presence.
Sam and Cas are making hunting together a regular thing, much to Dean's annoyance. Dean does something really stupid and learns a lesson.
“I’m sure he meant it in good nature. And you did do
“I know Dean.” Cas’ gravelly voice emerges from behind the hunter. It startles him, making him frantically wipe away the tears that still cling to his cheeks.
Cas senses Dean’s clear distress, his furrowed brow as he thinks and heavy breathing, so he pipes up, “I know this all must be confusing Dean.” He tries to console the forlorn hunter, “But I believe that you can do this. Both Sam and I are here to support you.”
Cas tries to conjure the sentence before voicing, “Dean, a Nephilim has come into being.”
As he walks down the hallway, his grace is alerted of a presence in the entrance of the bunker. The strange shift in his angelic being prompts him to head towards the entry with apprehension.
“There was nothing out of the ordinary on those bodies Dean. I’m telling you; this might be a cross-roads demon collecting souls.” Sam rakes a hand through hair, pushing it back from his eyes.
His mind reels with too many thoughts. Thinking of Cas staying with him and their… Dean still can’t even begin to unpack that thought. It’s all too much. The room feels too small, too crowded, no matter that there are only three of them. He can’t breathe. He needs some air.
“Thank you so much for coming Rowena. We just need a little extra protection and figured you could help.” Sam starts, awkwardly rushing his words.
“Because we already share a profound bond Dean.” Cas pipes up, his warm smile still present on his features. Seeing Cas smile as much as he is, makes Dean’s heart skip.
Hey y'all I hope that you guys are enjoying this fic so far, it's been a really good write. I'm going away for a little bit soon, so my upload schedule may be a little slow, but I'll try to upload when I can!
They haven’t heard from Cas in almost 8 weeks.
Dean immediately squares himself up to protest but he is quickly shut up as a chilling look is directed at him. A warm tingling sensation blooms, dulling his previous anger. Why does Cas have to look so
After some more squirming, somehow Dean manages to squeeze himself into the jeans. They’re a little tight, but he’ll take it. “Finally.” He sighs as he sits back up on the bed. But he doesn’t get all the way upright before the fabric tightens and a faint ‘pop’ comes from his waist. The button hits the floor and rolls to a stop in front of his feet. Dean’s jeans are once again unbuttoned. His face reddens, mortified.
“Friggin witches Sammy. Have I told you how much I hate them?” He pants, a hand rubbing against his rib as he speaks.
The angel’s grin widens, “And I you.”
The title of this chapter is a reference to the bible verse where *ahem* gabriel comes to mary bearing good news...take with that what you will.
Sam perks up from his current book to look at Dean. The pregnant hunter’s eyes are heavy, and his face is contorted in pain. He keeps shifting in his seat and fussing. Sam sighs, setting down his book on a pile of papers. Sam shares a quick glance with Cas – who had come back from making lunch some time ago – whose eyebrows continue to knit together the longer he looks over at Dean. The angel has apparently also been aware of him.
The hunter huffs but doesn’t pull away.
“We can find a way out of it.” Cas counters, his voice equally as desperate.
After another few mushy moments of staring. Cas peppers a chaste kiss against Dean’s lips. Dean tries to fight the rush of heat that goes to his cheeks. Ultimately losing, he turns to Sam, who lowers his phone and looks between them.
Cas smooths a hand over Dean’s hair, “Yes, it is
The sincerity of Cas’ words, mixed with the forlorn look on his face make Dean’s heart ache. Damn it. He had let his anger boil over, not considering how Cas felt.
There is something about the way Cas beams down at his stomach, his cheeks flushed with excitement, even in the dim light, that makes Dean melt. “Yes. I felt our child moving.” Is the factual confirmation. The angel’s voice is hushed as if not to disturb the peace.
“Forget it.” Dean deflates, a hand bracing against his back. “We can figure something out. We always do. For now, though, you owe me a back massage.” Cas beams a smile, “I’ll tell Sam about this after that.”
“Here,” Cas shifts, so he is facing Dean, the hunter’s eyes widen, and brows fly up in shock. Cas then hovers his hand over Dean’s abdomen, it is quickly battered away.
“I thought you were asleep.” The angel admits sheepishly.
She bites back a sigh of relief, and then looks back up, “Sorry about that.”
“You’re lucky I love you Dean.”
Dean picks up after 2 rings, sounding gruff, did he just wake up? “Sammy? Are you alright?” Dean hears Cas’s yell and something smash in the background. “What the hell is going on?!”
Sam hasn’t had a good night’s sleep since he was thirteen.
The pair settle in to sleep and Dean is on the verge of drifting off when Cas’ voice cuts into the darkness, “Dean.”
Dean’s heart sinks in his chest. A lax hand brushes against his softened abdomen. He recoils his hand quickly, averting his attention back to the table of messy papers. Trying to come to terms with everything is still, overwhelming. Adjusting to his new “thing” with Cas and… well
“Morning.” Sam dulls, not looking up from his laptop on the map table. Dean just hums in response and opens up the fridge.
Dean flusters for a moment, the pain lingering. He glances down at his chest, and then back up to Cas, “It’s -uh- nothing. Nothing.” He brushes off and leans into Cas again. The angel hesitates, a hand stopping Dean from moving in closer, concern washes over his features.
“Yes ma’am.” Sam starts, “Would you be able to tell us more about the case? While interrogating both Mrs Fletcher and Mrs Browne they explained they had the same couple’s therapist. Could you tell us more about her?” He pulls out the notepad in his pocket and a pen.
“Holy Crap.” Dean whispers, looking at Cas in amazement, “You felt that right?”
Sam blinks, “Huh, that’s interesting.” He hums, “And it would be a little strange if two people check into a room with one single.”
“You won this time.” Dean sighs, a smile playing on his lips. Almost in response, his stomach gurgles loudly. “And your prize is getting something to eat.”
Dean wakes with a start and carefully surveys his surroundings. He feels groggy, his mind in fragments as he starts to focus on where he is. His stomach feels off, it churns unhappily as he begins to fully wake up. He is in his own room.
Dean turns his head to look at Cas, only to find the angel staring back at him. He had hoped to see something in Cas’ eyes, anything, that could tell him he wasn’t serious; that what he had said was a joke or prank or something. Anything. But instead he finds a guilt and panic in Cas’ eyes, outright fear that doesn’t suit his features. The sincerity of those emotions on the angel’s face should be confirmation enough, but it isn’t. It couldn’t be happening. This is crazy, too surreal even for the Winchesters. The words ache in his head, and he sits silently in disbelief.
“Just a little dizzy.” Dean breathes. The air around him tightens, he inhales sharply before squinting his eyes shut. His grip loosens on the table, and his weight is thrown onto Cas who catches him with gentle hands.
“How are you feeling darlin?” Her tone is surprisingly sincere as she breaks the blanketed silence.
With that, Naomi dissipates into thin air. Cas lets out a breath he wasn’t aware he was holding.
“Thanks Cas.” Dean weakly smiles at that.
Shit.
. His stomach flutters at every subtle touch, and his body melts into his embrace. Every time Cas utters his name he has to hold back a smile or fight the flush that tries to spread across his cheeks. His eyes, his hands, his
“Ya think Cas?” He spits back, cheeks still hot with embarrassment.
Dean stands for a minute, temporarily distracted by the mess of research scattered over the table. His brows crease as his eyes trace over the mountain of work. “And you’re sure that this thing is a wisp?” He cuts into the silence.
Cas pauses for a moment, his heart wrenching at the thought of Dean alone in the bunker. He’s taken aback for a beat, before quickly radiating into a forced smile, “Not yet. But my boy-"
“What’s so funny? Huh?” He stresses, feeling another pain mount in his swollen abdomen.
“Where are you going with this?” Cas’ tone is forced.
That is all. Happy reading!
Bracing a hand to her back, the Sheriff takes in a sharp breath, “Doctor Halen?” Sam nods, “Doctor Halen is one of the most successful couple’s therapists in Missouri, she transferred here about a month ago.” She holds an apprehensive tone.
Dean pales, his face falling. Sam’s words hang in the thick tension between them. Dean sucks in a breath. His jaw clenching before he opens his mouth to speak. But before he can, he is interrupted by the faint flapping of wings.
“Perfect.” Dean hums.
them. The presence of an angelic soul is too vague in its early stages to detect with sight. But I could hear it’s presence.”
Dean smiles, “Yeah, the kid’s movin’ all the time now.” He rubs a hand on the underside of his bump.
“You know I won’t!” Sam yells out in response.
Still in shock, Dean wets his lips slowly, “uh- divine intervention?” He rasps, going pale at the thought.
At that, Naomi throws up her hands, “Alright. But you have gone soft to a humanity that’s not worth saving.”
A knot tightens in Sam’s back as he hunches over the piles of paper. It feels like he’s studying for the SATs again. But that was back then he was a lot younger, and his back didn’t ache from the strain of sitting too long. Sifting through book after book and coming up with nothing. Searching for an answer seems to be harder than expected. Sam has spent weeks going through the same things. Wardings. Sigils. Amulets. Spells-
for it.” His eyes alone making Dean’s pants a little too tight for comfort.
“And THAT is another thing.” Sam starts, but his mind is racing too fast for any words to come forward. He just looks between Cas and Dean hopelessly.
Dean’s lips part, wanting more. Craving the suffocating feeling. Cas licks his bottom lip; he throws in a playful bite just to hear the hunter stifle a moan. Cas grins into the kiss before locking them together again. Both of Dean’s hands gravitate towards Cas’s hair. Softly gripping and pulling at the raven strands to try and ground him.
“Yes.” Cas affirms awkwardly, not wanting to further the topic.
There is a bit of destiel fluff, mixed with Sam and Cas being besties and Dean and the baby bonding. I hope y'all enjoy!
Dean steps forward, but Cas stops him with a hand to his chest, “Dean.”
Dean huffs, clearly dissatisfied with the answer, “Alright. Just
Lucifer wets his lips before talking, “Actually you can
They follow the receptionist down the hallway to the sheriff’s office. They enter the office and meet with a short, dark-skinned, heavily pregnant Sheriff Holloway. She lets out a small groan as she stands from her desk, showing off her full form. She looks like she’s due any day now. Sam’s mind short circuits for a moment before he composes himself, extending a hand to join with hers in a handshake.
Before Dean realises, he’s standing and walking out of the infirmary.
“We were given false information!” Naomi lets out a mirthless laugh, “This Nephilim will ruin the balance of this world. The mere existence of this child could rupture Heaven and Earth!”
“We are willing to give you a favour, in return for the talisman.” Cas announces, his hand already raising to meet with the necklace.
“It seems to be getting cold and Sam told me not to come and talk with you. I don’t think he will be very happy.” A coy smile plays against Cas’ newly pink lips.
After peeing for the 16
Cas nods in understanding, but his face never changes, “To partake in sexual intercourse, one must be undressed Dean. You of all people should know.” His tone is measured and factual, as usual, but it still leaves Dean’s jaw slacked. Too many thoughts run through his head. Why is Cas so calm? They – did he just?
A blush deepens on Cas’ cheeks at the sentiment, matching his darkened lips. His eyes crinkle into a shy smile, “I’m glad you enjoyed that Dean.” He thumbs at Dean’s jawline, “I could sense your heightened
He stares her down, “How are you alive?” His voice is stern and low, keenly aware of Dean still sleeping close by.
“Peaceful?” Dean repeats, his voice raising, “You think that pushing out your fat kid’s head for hours on end is going to be peaceful?!” The urge to run away from this embarrassing and frankly enraging conversation is almost too much to handle. Almost, being the key word. Because if Dean wasn’t the size of a house with swollen feet and a backache, he’d already be storming off.
Dean’s brain takes a few seconds to catch up, “So, this is the kid’s way of telling me it’s almost time? I could have told you that myself. Much less painfully.” He lays a hand on his bump, scolding his unborn child.
Guilt grips at his chest tightly, but Dean just can’t be in this infirmary anymore and shares a cautious glance before walking out of the door quickly.
“You do understand that we
Later, Sam storms into Dean and Cas’ room, his eyes landing on the two of them in bed. Dean leaning with back against Cas’ chest eyes closed. While Cas rubs circles on Dean’s bare abdomen. At the shift in the room, Dean’s eyes fly open.
“Will do.”
“So, then why didn’t I kick it when- uh- yeah?” Dean shifts in his seat.
“If you say, “in your condition” so help me, I will kick your feathery ass.” Dean spits. But his words lose some of their intensity as Cas’ hardened glare sends signals elsewhere.
Dean wakes with a start. His eyes shooting open as his hunter instincts send a strong twinge of adrenaline down his spine. A headache begins to cluster behind his eyes as they strain to recognise his surroundings. The room is familiar, but it isn’t his. In the dim light, Dean can make out the dull furnishings of one of the Men Of Letters bunker rooms, devoid of his own personal touches. He stays still, not daring to move as a groggy feeling starts to creep up on his sore muscles. His
“There are so many references I could list right now that say you shouldn’t deal with
“Mostly.” Dean replies simply, his attention focusing on a stray book page. It wasn’t entirely true, some things still set him off but that is an improvement to puking his guts out at the drop of a hat. He promptly changes the topic, “So, so far we’ve found nothing?”
Dean told Sam about Naomi. But, as promised, not after his massage and restful nap with Cas by his side.
After what feels like an eternity, Dean breaks the kiss to breathe. His chest heaving as he pants. “Geez Cas.” Is all he can manage, breathlessly trying to regain full consciousness.
Sam shrugs, “I-I mean if he’s right-“
But, instead of yelling his response, or acting out, the comment makes Dean straighten up. His slouching position is shifted to lean more against the table. And he takes his hands off his back, “Bite me.” He practically growls.
“Sorry to stop you there, but could we all sit down? I’m getting a little sick of standing.” She cuts Sam off. The Sheriff puffs, obviously pained as she digs a knuckle into her lower back.
“Yes. After
happening huh?” The added comment muffles in the lapels of the angel’s trenchcoat.
“Most of these are nutrient-based snacks,” Sam reports, “but I also grabbed some vitamins, iron supplements and calcium tablets.” The younger Winchester proudly places them out on the counter for his paling brother.
Dean’s lips form a straight line, his jaw clenching and unclenching, “And you think we’re just going to trust you? After everything you’ve pulled on us?”
He meets with the questioning eyes of Dean and Cas.
Right now.
a Nephilim.”
Too weak to get up, Dean crawls towards the pile with his lighter in hand. The spirit comes too close, hands threatening their way to grab at his chest. Brian’s spirit shrills and screams, urging him to cower. He throws the lighter, hoping to God it’ll catch the gas that was liberally splashed over the pile. The fire ignites the ghost in front of him. Disintegrating the soul into a writhing ash of yells. Dean shields his eyes from the blinding lights of the flame.
“I think the term most commonly used is that “you’re showing”.”
But she was dead.
Cas visibly melts, “Only if you’re sure this will help.”
“Who cares what I said Cas I’m an asshole!” Dean lets out another laugh, this time it's warmer, more genuine. He lowers his voice, “An asshole who didn’t know just how much you cared about me. I asked and you went along with it. If anything I took advantage of you.” Guilt suddenly grips at Dean’s chest. What if this was all out of pity? Did Cas share the same feelings or was he stupidly admitting all this emotional crap to someone who just did what he had asked?
“Of course.”
“Of course Dean. That’s why we have to keep looking.” Dean nods weakly, “Hey, where is Cas anyway? You two are together 24/7 nowadays.” Sam chuckles lightly, much to Dean’s sour expression.
Before he can finish the sentence, Cas crashes their lips together. It’s messy and Cas has to strain his neck forward to reach Dean’s lips over his bump. It still sends flutters of excitement none the less. Dean whimpers weakly against Cas’ lips.
Cas nods, placing a soft kiss against Dean’s temple, “Of course.”
There is a beat as Cas pauses and looks to his feet. “Yes.” He states matter-of-factly. “I felt the change 2 days after-“
Rowena looks to Cas, “Castiel, would you like the pleasure of telling him?” Her face curling cheekily as the angel turns a shade of red.
In the bathroom, he tries to focus on the voices. He still can’t quite make out the second, seemingly more on edge, voice.
“I guessed that.” Dean chuckles, looking at it as well. He then looks out to them again, “This is- wow, it’s amazing. I love it.”
“Sammy! Finally, I thought that the welcome party was never going to come.”  Lucifer cracks coy smile.
“Dean, you seem to be uncomfortable, what is bothering you?”
A thought dawned on him, and Sam spoke, “Do we have a birth plan?”
“Sam!” Dean snaps, embarrassment warming his cheeks. He tries to cover up his exposed stomach. Failing he goes to rest his hands on the top of it, “Learn to knock man. Come on!”
It’s just the two of them. The grumpy, pregnant hunter and the angel.
~~~~~
He opens his eyes and Cas’ mind is in ribbons, a mixture of joy and dread.
The angel focuses his grace on Dean. He moves from his head, down to his shoulders, chest, the angelic grace healing any abrasions or injuries obtained from previous hunts. There were many untreated wounds. Then he falters on Dean’s abdomen, his own stomach dropping as he sees it. A pure white light. It’s so bright it almost blinds him. At first, he cowers from the light. It holds such a power, and influence over him it’s overwhelming.
“Of course! You’ve got such precious cargo on board!” She moves towards Dean, cooing at his belly, he steps back jaw tightening.
She whips around quickly but is caught with a hand on her shoulder.
“Yep.” Dean rubs his small bump with a lopsided grin and pulls a chocolate cake out of the fridge. He sets it on the table carefully. After making sure the confectionary is in place, he grabs a fork from one of the drawers. As Sam watches the scene unfold in front of him, he pinches the bridge of his nose and shakes his head. Dean throws him a murderous glance as he points the fork dangerously towards his brother, “If you tell Cas about this, you’re dead.” He then plunges said fork into the middle cake with a childish grin.
