All he did, however, was say, “Then I imagine you’re going to be very, very bored.  I thought that was what you were trying to avoid in the first place—”
He just knew he deserved it.
“Steve?”
Okay. Shit. Okay. Steve had waited this long; he could wait a few more minutes.
“I’m pretty sure I owe you,” Tony said, and Steve felt a wash of relief. It wasn’t going to be bad after all.
“Wait,” Tony said, tightening his hold on Steve’s wrist, not pulling, just squeezing down. “I wasn’t done talking yet, and if I start kissing you, I won’t ever finish.”
It was excruciating listening to Tony’s muffled steps as he walked towards him, Steve’s whole body yearning for Tony to be closer, and he could feel his heart rate picking up, his body trembling in anticipation.
“I know it seems like something … horrible has happened,” Tony said, trying to be gentle, although it was difficult for Steve to appreciate at the moment. “It’s never a good feeling when your partner tells you you’ve pushed them too hard somehow, and I’m sorry that—”
to be one, and honestly, he looked forward to wringing as many orgasms out of Tony as he could. He felt antsy at the thought of Tony being unsatisfied, even if Tony said that he didn’t need an orgasm. Needing and wanting were two different things, and while Steve had gone along with Tony’s wishes, when it came down to it, he just didn’t want to leave Tony with an erection. Not when he was perfectly willing and eager to take care of it with his hands, or his mouth, or if Tony just wanted to use him, Steve would be happy to bend over or ride Tony or let him come on his—
Steve didn’t flinch, but it was a close thing.
But … what if Tony had wanted to? What if he got tired of all of Steve’s apologies? What if, even after punishing Steve, Tony decided he couldn’t forgive him?
“Look, Steve. I’m not lying when I say I’m bi. The thing is, my last rodeo with a guy was in college and that was a long time ago. Also, he was a fucking asshole. So yeah, I’m not attracted to muscles, and I don’t feel safe around people like that, and I haven’t been in a gay bar for ages so I’m pretty rusty. But I want to be fucked tonight, and for once I don’t think a strap-on will do it. So, I don’t know why you came to talk to me as if you were looking for a fight, only to suggest to find me someone to bed, but I’m really tired already and not really in the mood for flirting.”
Now Tony was retiring as Iron Man and leaving. For good.
“Touch yourself,” he demands, nipping at Tony’s quivering muscles.
Then Tony tears his mouth off his and gasps, and Steve watches, entranced, as he orgasms from the sole feeling of the fingers in him.
“But your dick’s all soft.”
Steve, well… it’s not that people don’t like him. He’s well-known in the bar, people like his spirit and he has numerous friends. He has dated a few. But Steve is skinny, clumsy, and awfully awkward when it comes to flirting. So people don’t flirt with him. His past boyfriends were people he knew as friends before, or friends of friends that had been introduced to him. Meeting random hunks in a gay bar? Doesn’t happen. Not to him.
Tony raises his head, a haunted look in his eyes, and Steve regrets asking him. Then he shakes his head, and presses a kiss on Steve’s mouth.
“Thank you, Tony.”
It was that word, ‘
“Wanda was still traumatized, she was grieving, and she didn’t fully control her power yet. She needed help. She needed training. I thought you would’ve gotten her a therapist and a teacher. But then Lagos happened, and I realized you had put in the field a young woman who didn’t have a proper hold on her powers yet. Then the house arrest happened, Leipniz happened, and as I remembered Vision laying in the debris of the Compounds, cars raining down on me, I realized how full of hate she still was. She had never healed from her trauma. We had merely pushed her trauma under the rug and ignored it, treating her like a child, never giving her the help she needed. We
“There’s got to be a door somewhere,” he said, and was ready to approach it to check on the other side when the fairy stopped him.
“What?” he stammers, heart hammering in his chest.
The Red Skull placed himself beneath the tower and bellowed;
“Hmm,” nods Tony.
The pigs were much louder in the morning, and Tony woke up with his ears full of joyful and shrill ‘groiiiiink!’. Groaning, Tony buried his face in his pillow, trying to drown out the noise. It was all in vain, for as soon as the pigs were gone, the church bell started to loudly strike six.
! Repetitively! You could have killed me, Steve! It’s the weakest piece of my armor, and human brains are so fragile! I could have had lasting damage, serious sequels! Don’t you know!? You go to the face when you hate someone. You go to the face when you wanna hurt or do lasting damage. You go to the face when you wanna off someone! So why the Hell did you do that if you don’t hate me?!”
So when Steve finds himself glaring and wanting to punch the gorgeous man  sitting on a stool by the counter far over on the other end of the bar, completely unaware of Steve’s wrath, well… Steve is forced to admit that it’s not the Right Thing To Do. He can’t help it, though, the anger and the annoyance he feels watching Gorgeous over there.
, Tony.”
“That was my mistake,” Tony said quietly. “I tried shielding the team from stressful stuff, and it went to bite me right back in the ass.”
Not reacting to the pet name, the colonel smiles politely, and grips Steve’s hand in a firm handshake.
“I fuckin’ hate Christmas,” murmurs Tony.
Steve kisses his throat, licks the sweat dripping there.
,” explained the blonde.
Steve swallows and tries to ignore the feeling of his heart breaking over someone he doesn’t even know.
“I’m not talking about the Accords,” Tony interrupted him. “If anything, all the Accords did was highlight how much we had failed her in the first place. Since then, I already knew it wouldn’t end well for her.”
“No, no, it’s on me,” murmurs Tony, “I’m completely out of practice. I’m sorry, I don’t think I can blow you tonight.”
“Anthony Edward Stark.”
. You can’t ask that from me, it’s not fair, and it’s
Tony remained frozen in place for a long time, and his breathing never managed to go back to normal. His whole body was on fire, he kept swallowing and working his throat, trying to smother the blaze and find something to say, but it was a lost cause. Steve didn’t seem to mind the silence, nor did he seem to notice how nervous Tony was, and Tony watched as more and more coal darkened the paper, forming an amazingly detailed figure. The look on Steve’s face as he concentrated on his drawing was entrancing, and Tony couldn’t keep his eyes off him.
She wrote it down and gave him the book to sign. It was always a bit of a test for Tony, since he would always, pointedly, sign with his left hand. It was a testimony to how bigoted the village could be. Granted, that could turn out dangerous -he’d once had to flee in the middle of the night because the whole place had wanted to burn him-. However, Mrs Arbogast didn’t react at all, and merely smiled at him before beckoning the young man behind them;
Leads fills up Steve’s stomach. Tony looking to be fucked by a man, when he usually sticks to women, and this precisely
“I don’t like it. Don’t use that kind of words,” retorts Steve.
Each day, they would wake up snuggled together in their bed, then have breakfast with Rhodey, Pepper, and Happy (and wasn’t that something, that Tony was actually considering having breakfast at all). They’d part for the day, Tony and Rhodey working at the Stark Forge, Pepper and Happy at their glassmaker shop, and Steve rehearsing at the church or the theater. In the evening, after Rhodey left, Steve would come by the forge and try to lure Tony out for supper. They would embrace and feel the weariness from their working day melting away. Steve would lay his head on Tony’s shoulder and wrap his arms around his waist, Tony would hug him back, and they would stay there, sharing warmth, comfort, and stories about their day, until Pepper would call them for supper.
Tony let out a deep sigh, closing his eyes. He knew that. He knew it, since he’d had to fight and repeat it so many times in his mind before. As a child, he’d had to resist his father trying to force him to stop using his left hand as his dominant hand, and all his life, he’d had to lash back to the people who called him a spawn of the devil. Being left-handed was considered abnormal. Tony knew there was no logic behind it, that there was nothing wrong with using one hand rather than the other, and yet people still insulted him, looked at him funny, and even once tried to burn him.
“Really?” says Bucky, taken aback. “Come on, he can’t have been that pretty.”
“Are you enjoying yourself, darling?” he asks. “You look pretty spaced out, to be honest.”
Steve left the cool wet cloth on his chest and reached for the night table, taking a cup of water that was sitting there ready, and leaning in to help Tony get into a half-sitting posture. After drinking a few cups of water, Tony felt better. Embarrassed by his fainting, he thanked profusely Steve, who just gave him a small, almost shy smile.
,” he said, looking pointedly at Tony’s cheap clothes.
“Medication doesn’t always work, it’s different for everybody, even without serum,” said quietly Tony. “But talking things out can help, if only a little… I used to hope you were doing that with Wilson, since it was kinda his job. And you wouldn’t talk to me, so…”
Steve presses a hand on his stomach, traces with his fingers the outline of his abdominals. He was right about Tony’s musculature -he’s fit, and Steve has the familiar impulse in his fingers to draw him in charcoal. Tony’s so gracious though, lean and compact rather than wide and bulky, and Steve thinks he can understand why Tony doesn’t find bulgy muscles very attractive, because Tony, right there, is insanely more arousing-.
“Remember how we first met?”
Tony squeezes his hand, gently, and kisses his temple. He fucks Steve with his fingers a little while longer, and then finally slips them out. Steve lets out a whine of disappointment.
Thinking one second that Tony would accept Bucky in his life was
. Steve had been selfishly indulging in the sick fantasy of having Bucky and Tony get along, and that… that was unacceptable. Ashamed of himself, Steve nodded;
Steve gives him a clean towel to wrap into, dresses up quickly, and opens the door.
“No!”
Ignoring the dagger, he grabbed the pot of butter and threw it at the werewolf, crying out in an overly outraged voice;
“Oh,” he said, looking both disappointed and ashamed. “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean… Hey, I’m not going to try anything, relax.”
“Why are you bringing food in your room?” says Bucky.
“Of course I will! Poor Steve has been moping all afternoon. You two need to seriously talk things out and make sure you’re on the same page,” she said, crossing her arms over her chest, her brow creased in a frown and her lips curled into a pout.
, and it was still warm. Next to the wrapped-up cake, there was a bottle of wine and a pot of butter, and hidden between them, a sharp dagger Tony had forged himself.
“I can’t enter the tower,” explained Jan with a pout, flying around his ears while he strode towards the edge of the woods. “Because of the sorcerer’s magic.”
Steve shook his head, his lips forming the now familiar pout that always left Tony with a strange, fuzzy feeling in his chest.
Steve huffs.
“You’re an artist?” he asks. There’s this shimmer again in his eyes.
“That’s scary. The Schmidt from my city is a dangerous guy, lots of people are afraid of him and of what he could do if he ever succeeded in taking over the city. I know some awful people who benefited from him, too.”
“Oh my God, did you get laid AGAIN?” yelps Bucky.
“Oh, sure! I don’t mind!”
“Jan’s work? You mean my suit?” laughs Tony.
His wife Sarah at once made a salad with the rampion, and fed it to their child, who ate it greedily. The poor child instantly recovered, his livid face warming up with a healthy blush, and for the first time in many, many days, he slept without a worry, breathing easily and well.
Tony gulps, and lifts his left hand to hold Steve’s hand over his chest.
“Sir, yes sir,” huffs Tony, and then he moves, kneels on the bed. Steve strips him off the red shirt, takes a moment to admire his bare, strong back, and then pushes him down.
“Ah, ah touch me, ah, please, sugar!”
“Wait,” murmurs Tony as they enter his room, and Steve pauses.
“S-sure,” stuttered Tony.
He has a moment of panic as he finds his bedroom empty. But then Tony comes out from the bathroom, hair wet and body wrapped in a towel, and Steve wants to cry in relief.
There’s a slight purr in his voice, and Steve finds himself getting confused, because it looks like Tony’s flirting with him.
“Must be overwhelming,” Tony croons.
Steve dips down and maps the lines of his muscles with open-mouthed kisses, feels Tony’s stomach quivering in response. He nips at his hip, and gently pries Tony’s hand off so as to put the condom on him.
“But you did, too,” insisted Steve, and seeing how Tony bristled, he added quickly; “And I’m not saying this to blame you. I’m saying this because I don’t understand your actions, just the same you probably don’t understand mine. And that’s…that’s what I’d like to talk over with you.”
“Oh,” breathes Tony, and he looks terribly embarrassed, and Steve can finally breathe again.
Who had told him it was wrong? Nobody, exactly. Everyone, unknowingly.
Then the fire took over the new log Steve had put over the embers, and, to Tony’s amazement, the flames took the shape of a small face, with a wide smirk and two mischievous eyes.
“Don’t say that, that ‘rich boy’ stuff. Didn’t I say I’ve read about you? It says you’ve been in jail for drug consumption, and then after Stane stole your company from you, you were homeless for a few months and you had to build Stark Innovations from scraps. I know you’ve had it tough. And, I’ve meant to ask…”
“Would you like a slice of the cake, then?”
“Yeah? You think I look good?”
“Ms Van Dyne’s work is amazing,” he blurts out, desperately searching for something to say.
“No,” snapped Tony. Why was Arnie being so meddlesome? Tony just wanted to be left alone! “No, nothing happened,” he denied through gritted teeth.
Hi everyone! Thank you for the kudos, bookmarks, and comments! I'm glad you're liking the story so far and hope you'll like what follows. ;)
“But since he’s an evil sorcerer, he’s got to do evil stuff elsewhere,” pointed out Tony, distracting himself from the vision of Steve’s appealing lips by waving at Toro. The little fire elemental once again stuck out its tongue to him and went back to hide behind  the pile of embers. “We should also find a way to stop him.”
“I don’t know,” he says truthfully.
“I’m so sorry it took us so much time to even learn about that,” said Steve. He wanted to reach for him, squeeze his arm, his hand, anything. He closed his fist, fighting down that urge that he knew wouldn’t be well received by Tony. “I wish you had told us.”
“Heterosexual. We’re in a gay bar, I dunno if you’ve noticed.”
Hope you enjoyed! Kudos & comments are very appreciated <3
“Come on, Toro, wake up,” cajoled Steve, staring at the glowing embers.
“I don’t recall giving you my name, human,” growled the wolf-man, and Tony yelped as he plunged two fingers inside of him.
“Put your clothes in the basket, and they’ll be cleaned up.”
Steve follows her, flushing when his friends already gathered around the Christmas tree cheered at his arrival. They are a little disappointed to not meet Steve’s mysterious one night-stand (not an one night-stand, hopes Steve in his mind), but they let it go and the rest of the morning is spent in ripping the colorful wrapping papers, laughing, thanking, and teasing each other.
“Ah. You’ve got more common sense than me, then,” replies Tony with a self-deprecating smile. “I’m… um, sober. I try to be, that is.”
“You’re so strong,” Steve said, admiringly. “I wish I looked like you. I’ve never been able to put on much muscle.”
Feeling Steve’s fingertips brush his skin, Tony full-body shivered, and his eyes fell close. Suddenly, the air around them changed. Quiet. Hanging.
Steve huffs.
trusted you. I don’t, by the way. I don’t trust you anymore. Won’t ever.”
Steve pulls back his hand with a high-pitch yelp of surprise, and Tony lets go of his hand and presses both his palms on his mouth to muffle it, and then it’s impossible to stop laughing, the both of them falling on their asses on the bed behind them.
Steve felt like he had gotten punched in the chest.
As he picks up lube and condoms, he sees in his periphery Tony standing up and unbuckling his belt, unzipping his jeans and taking them off, -and oh wow, he’s wearing a silky red thong and looks absolutely gorgeous in it-. He keeps the thong on, about to take off the opened maroon shirt, when Steve stops him with a hand on his elbow.
So it wasn’t that Tony had been ‘contaminated’ or something. He hadn’t been warped into something else by the black magic of the dark woods. He had
“I asked you for sex and you jumped right in, and then you invited me for sex, again. Don’t pretend you didn’t know you’d got me with that drawing, asshole!”
Tony moaned, both from the words and from Steve’s hand caressing his sex. His own hands were clinging tightly to the bed sheet. He wouldn’t dare touch Steve. He could only think of doing exactly what Steve had asked him. Letting go. Losing himself in the pleasure. Surging up into Steve’s hand and trembling with the pleasure of those agile fingers tightening around the head of his penis, the thumb gathering more of Tony’s slick and spreading it around, the caress of this hand sliding down to the root, then up again to the tip, staying there a little while, just long enough for Tony to try chasing after it by tilting his hips up.
“But what happens if he doesn’t? Then my wish isn’t granted. What would you do, then?” asked Tony, deliberately avoiding to address her remark. His friends were always talking about his low self-esteem as if Tony really deserved to be loved and admired, and that was just absurd. Tony loved them, but they sure could be blind as to his true, disgusting, repulsive, and selfish nature.
, Steve,
“For one, I don’t understand why we didn’t learn about the Accords until Ross came at us and gave us three days to sign them. The Accords are not something that can be made overday. I can’t believe you wouldn’t have known about them when they were in the making. Why didn’t you tell us sooner?”
“Are you seriously asking me that? Rogers, I didn’t put her on house arrest because I thought she was a criminal. I didn’t do this to punish her. I did this because taking responsibility of our actions means more than shrugging it off and say ‘sorry, that was an accident’. Taking responsibility of our actions means accepting to step down when we do wrong, and have our actions investigated. And that’s not only for the victims, for the people who watch us. That’s also for us. Wanda had to step down from Avengers business to reflect on her actions, but also to take time for herself so as to heal from the guilt she felt. What’s more… I know I didn’t let the hate mail get to any of you, but you couldn’t have ignored the hate she was receiving. She was in a delicate situation, she wasn’t even an American citizen, anything could have been used against her to have her evicted. You’re the one who got her evicted, in the end, with your stupid stunt. I confined her to the Compound for her own security, mostly. Because there were lots of trigger-happy men out there, who were eager to be the one to put a bullet through the skull of the foreign witch.”
“It wouldn’t have come to this,” bristled Steve.
“What?” said Tony, frowning too.
“On all four,” demands Steve.
Steve put a hand on his arm, squeezing him gently, sending him a concerned look. Tony swallowed his anguish down. He didn’t want to burden Steve with his own sad life. Steve didn’t need to know of the tale of how the most powerful and rich family of smiths, the Starks, had fallen to betrayal and treachery.
“I don’t date,” sobs Tony. “Here, have the rich boy boo-hoo story. People date me for my money, my fame, or just the sex. So I don’t date. Not anymore.”
“Don’t remind me! I came home and couldn’t sleep because of how loud his fuck buddy was!”
“It’s… um, my first time at a big event like this,” stammers Steve.
At twilight, as the father came back from the city where he had sought help and found none, he saw a small light dangling at the edge of the dark woods, seemingly beaconing him. Intrigued, the man followed the small light into the forest. The light led him deep into the forest, and suddenly the trees opened and gave way to a glade where a tall tower was standing. All around the tower was a splendid garden, which was full of the most beautiful flowers and herbs.
“Hum, Steve.”
No sex. They’re both half-hard, but neither of them want to go there. Steve invites him for breakfast, Tony hesitates a little.
“I’m glad I didn’t hurt you,” he said, his voice muffled. “I’m glad I got curious about your human mind and tried talking things out with you. I love you, Steve. I would do anything to keep you safe.”
And then Steve’s arms were around his neck, and Steve’s mouth was pressing against his, and Tony was embracing back, hands splaying over his back, soaking in his heat and the sturdiness of his body. They kissed for a long time, and at first Tony had to guide Steve through it, because while Steve was eager, it was obvious he didn’t have much experience in kissing. It didn’t matter, though; Steve kissed with passion, and he was catching up quickly, so unfairly quickly, that a couple of kisses later, the tables had completely turned, leaving Tony weak in the knees and following his lead.
It’s true -the smell of coffee is drifting from the common room. Tony nods, kisses him on the cheek, and disappears in the bathroom, locking the door behind him. Steve is smiling like an idiot as he heads toward the common room.
“Getting the Hell out of here,” says Tony in a shaky voice, and that’s when Steve realizes he’s crying.
“We need to talk about what happened with the Accords.”
,” breathes Tony, and then he’s standing, taking the drawing out of Steve’s hands, setting it carefully on the easel, and before Steve can compute what’s going on, Tony is taking hold of his face and bringing him up for a deep kiss.
Steve feels his cheeks starting to burn. How did the conversation go from Tony’s insecurities to his own? He tries to play it off, shrugging.
Steve almost falls into a military salute, and he wants to crawl into a hole and die. Also, does Tony have a pet name for everyone?
“I’m going to eat you up,” growled the werewolf, and he made quick work of untying Tony’s bodice, bending over Tony’s back so as to nip and mouth at his nape, all the while thumbing his hard nipples. Tony shuddered.
And Tony, who was about to ask her how she knew his name, fell silent as he observed a menacing figure entering the glade. It was a man, dressed in a black hooded cape, and whose head was bright red.
“Sorry,” grins Steve.
“I… I can’t buy it, I’m sorry, Steve,” rasps Tony, and he can’t quite look Steve in the eyes.
“What?” gasps Steve when they finally pull out for air.
“Evil beast,” repeated Tony, “Only creatures of Satan can make men cum from their butts only.”
“Hey!” called out Tony. “No picnic if you’re naked, mister.”
“Yeah, Steve Rogers, the new artist! I love your art! You should work with me sometimes, we would make fashion explode with awesomeness!”
… but knowing it with your mind is not the same than knowing it with your heart, okay? I never got over the death of my mom in the first place, how the Hell do you want me to get over the fact she got murdered? And now, thanks to your little lie, I’ve even
Tony shudders. Opens his mouth, tongue seeking out Steve’s. They kiss, tongues intertwining. They’re still holding hands.
“I’ll hunt you down and have your hide!” Tony spat as the werewolf held him down again, now swiftly disrobing him, his hands running along Tony’s strong legs, and fingering the soft woolen stocking.
“Thank you, wolf,” said Tony, and he started walking again, though he had lost the road long ago.
“A little thin for a soldier,” he says, hesitantly.
Steve looked up with an unsteady, unhappy wry laugh. The sky was still all-blue, no clouds in the horizon, and the sun blazing. It was a beautiful and warm day. Sitting on his bench, under the smooth shade of the trees, should have felt peaceful and nice.
“Here,” said Tony, throwing his red and golden cloak at him. He tied back his underwear, pulled up his stockings that were pooled down his shins, and put his skirt on. Sitting back on the apron, he patted the spot next to him.
Tony’s mind was sharp, his heart just as big, and his brown doe-eyes and brilliant smile turned the heads of many. His inventions he worked tirelessly on at his father’s forge helped the whole village, and his pranks, together with his friend Clint, kept the joy there even at darker times.
Steve stammers something, some kind of thanks maybe. He’s going to die from embarrassment. Tony pats the colonel’s arm.
“Yes, yes, please,” gasps Tony, his hands in Steve’s hair trembling.
“It doesn’t have to be a repeat,” whispers Steve. “I like you. I’d love to get to know you better.”
She arrives at the same time than Thor, the bartender from Steve’s favorite gay bar. Thor’s a giant blond, bearded and long-haired, and really lives up to his name -he looks like a viking, to be honest-. He has a booming voice and seems a bit clueless sometimes, but he has the biggest heart Steve has ever seen, and he’s surprisingly wise when he lets go of his carefree attitude. Thor has brought along his girlfriend Jane, who is a scientist and looks his complete opposite -she’s quiet and not very people-friendly, often stuck in her own world of calculations-, and Darcy, who’s Jane’s intern. Darcy is the funniest girl Steve has ever met, and she’s living to it right now; she’s bought the ugliest Christmas pullovers for Thor, Jane and her to wear, and she has swapped her regular glasses for big, glowy ones. She’s wearing big bunny ears too, though Steve isn’t sure what that has to do with Christmas.
“I’m a
Tony avoided his eyes and focused on his food, but found himself unable to swallow.
Tony arches an eyebrow. He’s still leaning on the counter, his chin propped up in his hand, and he’s watching Steve with eyes that almost shimmer. His smile is soft, almost fond.
But Steve felt like breaking, and found himself wondering why the weather wasn’t pouring out like his heart was, why the sky and the heavens were mocking his pain by being all gorgeous and serene.
He’s left mouth hanging like a fish’s, because just… wow. The famous Janet Van Dyne is chatting with him as if he was a friend, and she’s saying she wants to work with him! He’s probably dreaming. He probably fell asleep in his couch while his friends were watching their Christmas specials, and anytime soon they’re going to wake him up.
“That’s nice of you. What makes you think I’m looking for a certain type?”
Beaming, Steve pulled him by his arm, out of his chair, and led him to the bed. He was standing very close to Tony, tilting his head up to look at him from under his lashes, and Tony couldn’t stop himself from taking in his face, the finesse of his traits, the small dimples and freckles peppering his white skin, the golden hair swept aside his forehead, gathered in the thick braid that coiled on the floor behind them. Steve’s eyebrows were darker than his hair, almost black, and Tony had to push away from his mind his improper curiosity -Steve standing here so close to him, looking up at him with fiery eyes, his hands skittering down Tony’s sides and landing on his hips, did not make it okay to think that Steve was trying to seduce him like the many women Tony had laid with. It did not make it okay for Tony to long for the taste of his pouty lips, nor to wonder if the curls hidden down his clothes were as dark as his eyebrows or as golden as his hair. It did not… wait, actually, why were Steve’s hands holding on his hips?
“Thank you for explaining this to me. I really did not understand what happened with you back then. Especially during the Accords thing.”
“It’s okay, darling. I’m sorry, really. I kinda wanna worship you for that line alone, but I really don’t… don’t sleep with people twice. It’s got nothing to do with you. So, sorry, I won’t be coming home with you tonight.”
Steve knew he was talking about Wanda, but he couldn’t help but wonder if he wasn’t talking about him, too, and maybe even Natasha herself, who had been very affected by Banner’s disappearance.
“Huh, so what did I do so wrongly in your fuckin’ book?” spat out Tony, venomously.
“I’ve read about you, and you made Bucky’s prosthetic arm. That’s a direct look into
by the others-, so what was the deal with Steve? Were his feelings caused by his loneliness? Or maybe Tony was misinterpreting the adoring look in Steve’s eyes, and it wasn’t adoration at all, but simply lust, and Steve was in only for the sex… sex that he didn’t get in the end, since Tony left before he could reciprocate. But if it
Tony tiptoes cautiously around the studio, taking extra care not to step on any of the paintings Steve has laid out to dry. When seen from up above, the wooden floor of the studio would probably look like some rendition of abstract art, the vibrant colors on the different paintings lying on it coming together to form another picture altogether.
“No, Tony. I don’t want you to die of germs, because I love you,” Tony says, his voice an octave lower than usual. It’s a hilariously poor attempt at mimicking Steve’s voice, but it’s worth it for the way Steve’s eyes wane into happy crescents, for the way his lips twitch with the effort of holding back a smile.
“‘S good exercise.”
“Slumped over the back of a couch, probably. Asleep. Sweaty, bloody, and filthy.”
Steve reaches for the ball chain hanging from Tony’s neck, twisting it around his fingers. He has an endearing habit of touching the chain of the dog tags Tony never takes off—the feel of it against his fingers a reassuring reminder of where Tony’s affections lie. He has always taken pleasure in the sight of Tony wearing something that belongs to him, whether it’s his dog tags or one of his shirts.
Tony huffs, a fond smile on his lips. Another flake of popcorn hits him, bouncing off his stomach and landing on his thigh. This time, Tony doesn’t even bother gracing Clint with a glance.
That’s technically not true, Tony thinks. They did spare a few minutes to indulge in a quick but
that—”
One of the corners of Steve’s mouth hitches up in a lopsided smile that Tony has grown incredibly fond of. Amazement swims in his baby blues.
“Oh, thank God.”
“Keep it PG-13 or get a room, lovebirds,” Clint says. Tony turns towards him to express his indignation, but Clint’s eyes are still focused on the screen. Tony doesn’t think he will ever stop being creeped out by the eerie accuracy of his aim.
“You stopped at five.”
“So…” Steve begins with a deep breath as he unbuttons the final button. “Did you mean, uh, what you said to me? On the phone?”
“But Tony…” Steve gathers the material of Tony’s unbuttoned shirt in both of his fists, pulling him closer until their noses are only inches apart.
Tony swallows. “No sex. Just to sleep. If you—”
Letting out a surprised yelp, Tony lands on top of Steve’s body. Steve grins smugly before tilting his head to growl playfully in his ear. “Caught you. You’re trapped now. Good luck escaping.”
With another disappointed sigh, the man decides to crawl towards Steve. The leather sofa squeaks as he approaches, inching closer and closer.
“Ma’am?” Steve looks up from his sketchbook, eyes squinting against the sunlight.
“Thank God for my private jet. These plush seats are the best things I’ve ever spent my money on.”
objectively true, you know. In order for me to be able to see you tomorrow, the plane has to land safely, and unfortunately, some things are just beyond my control. Like, who’s to say the plane won’t explode mid-air and—”
Tony yelps, and in his alarm, promptly locks his ankles around Steve’s waist. When Steve begins moving, Tony quickly wraps his arms around Steve, resting his chin on Steve’s shoulder.
Closing his eyes, he relishes the brief yet sweet escape from reality, pretending just for a few moments that his day is blissfully empty. The work seems never-ending. The only reason he is in bed at all is because Steve had coaxed Tony to come to bed, complaining about how cold he was and steadfastly refusing to sleep without Tony in his arms.
This time, he lingers, taking his time to savor the feeling of Tony’s upper lip caught between his.
Not even sparing a glance at the mug of steaming English Breakfast, Steve stands up wordlessly.
It makes him wonder if that is what it would feel like to wear a ring from Steve—if Tony would be able to fool him enough to actually make him do something as insane as marrying Tony.
They stay like that for a while, both of them calm and content, Steve’s hushed voice counting down the seconds the only sound in the room. Time passes by slowly and too quickly at the same time, and the next thing Tony knows, Steve has reached the final ten seconds.
“I had a blueberry muffin for lunch today. One single blueberry muffin.”
“Right back at you, mister.” If Steve notices the way Tony’s voice has gone thick with emotion, he doesn’t comment on it. Tony pats his cheeks lightly. “Come on, let’s dry up and go to bed.”
“Get some rest, okay? You must be really tired. I should probably go to bed, too.”
They break apart eventually, accompanied by soft chuckles. Steve smiles up at him, lips slick and cherry red, courtesy of Tony. He reaches up to caress Tony’s right eyebrow with the pad of his thumb, fleeting and affectionate.
“Can we cancel dinner?” Steve asks hopefully. He runs his index finger along the boxer briefs’ elastic waistband and Tony squirms, ever ticklish.
Tony hangs up and lets Paul know that he is done with his phone call. The jittery feeling left over from his call with Steve refuses to leave him, however, so he pulls up the drawing application on his phone and begins sketching something just to give his brain something else to fixate on.
“It didn’t even taste that good. I couldn’t finish it. Too dry.”
He meets the gaze of one of the waitresses working at the café. Her long blond hair flows down to her chest and she is dressed in the café’s signature uniform: pastel orange blouse, black skirt, and a white half apron tied around her waist.
“I did
“...Yeah?” Tony says, hyper-aware of how breathless he sounds. His heartbeat is ringing in his ears. Everything is going to be fine. Right? Right. The worst thing Steve could do is… break up with him.
“Corny.” Tony keeps his eyes shut.
“Steve, that doesn’t even make any sense—”
“Hey there, sweetheart. I thought you weren’t going to be home until next week.”
Oh, God, that
“What?” Tony whispers, meeting his eyes again. Steve’s arms are warm around him, pulling him closer as if they weren’t already pressed skin to skin.
“But—”
“There are some things that I just know. For example, my husband worked hard today. My husband did an excellent job today.”
“Right. Noted. I’m sorry.”
“Really?” Tony says distractedly, his attention on Beth who is once again approaching their table with his cup of coffee, black as midnight.
Tony grins before leaning forward on his elbows to peer at Steve’s sketch.
“Yes, you are.”
“...Glad we’re on the same page.” Tony’s gaze drops down to Steve’s lips.
From the corner of his eye, Steve notices the way the person looks up, presumably trying to gauge Steve’s reaction while still maintaining the ridiculous position.
Letting out an abrupt grunt and doubling over dramatically, Steve clutches his own waist and fakes a pained expression. “Oh, why is my waist suddenly so heavy?”
“Love you too, sweetheart.”
With that, Steve lets Tony’s wrist go with a sigh before throwing an arm over his own eyes.
“Hm?” Steve says distractedly as he caresses Tony’s right eyebrow with the pad of his thumb.
Breaking into a chuckle, Steve sets his book down on the end table beside the sofa and buries his fingers in Tony’s hair, scratching his scalp lightly.
Steve’s face falls the second he sees Tony walking into the study. Somehow, Steve has managed to infuse an impressive amount of frustration into the two syllables making up Tony’s name.
at all today. Missed me, Captain Handsome?”
The team lets out soft murmurs of greetings upon seeing Steve, but for the most part their eyes remain glued to the movie playing on the TV screen.
“Then again, I think these seats in particular were Pepper’s choice? We remodeled the airplane’s interior like… two years ago. I couldn’t be bothered to meet with the airplane seat people and I just told her to pick whichever looked best. I had much more important things to tend to, like sewing up the holes in JARVIS’s Christmas stocking.”
Instead, Steve turns around and begins walking backwards towards the bed before sitting down on it. Tony, still seated on his lap, swallows and pulls back slightly to look at Steve.
“It’s…” Tony glances at his watch. “Half past two. In the morning.”
“Can I go shower now?” Tony asks weakly.
Tony rolls his eyes before resting his head back on Steve’s chest.
“Good.” Steve smiles, warm and impossibly fond.
After exchanging their good night’s with the team, Tony leads Steve up to the penthouse.
“Yeah?”
Tony ducks down to plant a kiss into Steve’s hair and can’t help the way his own lips break into an immediate grin when he feels Steve reply with a small kiss of his own, pressed to the skin of Tony’s neck.
“Would you please stop saying that? It’s not funny.”
“You have no idea,” Steve grumbles, voice muffled.
“Always a dramatic entrance, huh?” The waitress chuckles.
It has been seven years since Steve first sat at this very table and sketched the figure of Stark Tower looming before him. Beth is still working at the café, having made her way through the ranks. Now a co-owner of the café, she has developed a friendship of sorts with Steve and Tony — both of whom she claims to be her favorite regulars. Tony likes to joke about how she probably says that to
Fresh off his latest mission, Steve is still clad in his uniform, sans cowl. The two-week-turned-one-week-mission is the reason they have pushed back Toy Story to the following week—the man has made it clear that he has been dying to watch the animated movie ever since Tony first showed him a snippet of it on his phone. Technically, this week is Steve’s turn to pick a movie, but he isn’t supposed to be home for a few more days.
Paul—bless him—just gives him a curt nod and retreats back into the cockpit.
However, the café quickly became Steve
Over the years, Pepper and Steve have cultivated a monthly routine of sorts. They have a standing date—sans Tony—whenever Pepper comes over to visit. Bonding over Tony’s antics and the intricacies of fine art, they get along pretty well, much to Tony’s surprise and delight.
“I don’t even know Larry like that, how would I—”
— the sound of gold-titanium alloy hitting concrete.
Tony laughs softly, his shoulders shaking with it. Still holding his gaze, he brings Steve’s hand to his lips, pressing two feather-light kisses to the back of his hand. He continues holding Steve’s hand against his mouth, and when he speaks Steve feels his lips and the bristles of his goatee brushing his skin.
“Five.”
“You have a bag.” Steve nods at the bag of red apples Tony is carrying.
“That’s because I am,” Tony points out, more than a little bit amused. Tony has a secret partiality for this rare side of Steve—the Steve that becomes endearingly petulant and slightly nonsensical when he gets exhausted. When Steve is tired, he almost has little to no reservations in terms of expressing his feelings and desires—some of which he might usually deny himself. His possessive streak is definitely one of them.
Slumping forward, Steve buries his face in the crook of Tony’s neck with a grunt, hands coming to rest on Tony’s waist.
Tony strokes the arm Steve has around him soothingly. “Pepper’s going to have my head if I don’t check off at least half the things on my to-do-list today. You want your husband to stay alive, don’t you?”
Steve lets out a displeased sigh, but eventually he straightens up groggily. Tony stands up and rounds the couch to actually get a good look at him.
“Why not?”
“Apology accepted,” Steve says, pulling away slightly and loosening his hold around Tony.
“Awesome. I, uh, I gotta go now.”
“Nope,” Tony says with a breathless giggle, squeezing his eyes shut and resolutely ignoring the delicious curl of heat in the pit of his stomach. “Dinner plans.”
Steve steps closer, arms snaking around Tony’s waist and pulling him close. His next words are whispered against Tony’s shoulder.
Snugly nestled in the corner of a long leather sofa, Steve is enjoying a lazy Sunday afternoon. One of his elbows is planted on the sofa’s padded arm and his hand holds his novel of the week open in front of him.
Not that Tony is complaining, of course. Tony is definitely not complaining. The shorter Steve’s missions are, the sooner he comes back home to Tony, allowing him to ascertain with his own two eyes that his boyfriend is safe and sound.
Steve reaches for Tony’s arm and secures it around his own waist. Tony glares up at his husband and removes his arm from said waist with a sigh.
“Anyway, so yeah. Where was I? Oh, right. Feeling. Bad feeling. Like, like, I don’t know, something bad’s gonna happen. Like an accident. Like a plane crash.”
“Give me some cuddles and I’ll think about it.”
Steve continues to walk toward him and Tony continues to walk backward until he feels his back hitting the wall.
“Bear with me, will you? I missed you.”
“Fuck. Shit, I mean— Uh, I’m sorry. That was super weird, huh?” Tony laughs nervously. He closes his eyes, gritting his teeth and cursing his stupid brain. Of course it’s weird. He always gets too attached to people way too quickly. No wonder Pepper was his only long term relationship. She was the only person who could put up with him—everyone else just got weirded out. “Uh, see you tomorrow? Or not. Fuck, sorry, I’m just gonna hang up before this gets—”
He only allows himself to open his eyes when Tony gets distracted by some pigeons, immediately launching into a spiel about the one time he was attacked by a pigeon who was apparently really determined to steal his sandwich.
At that, Steve’s eyes soften. “I missed you. So much.”
“Um.”
Steve’s warm hands slide up Tony’s naked back under his open shirt, sending goosebumps breaking across his skin. Tony buries his hands in Steve’s hair and relishes the feeling of the soft strands caught between his fingers. They stay caught up in each other for a few moments, capturing and releasing each other’s lips until the need for breath becomes too unbearable.
The corner of Tony’s mouth jerks upward in an amused smile. “You just called me over to say that?”
“We’re not. I’m just here to tuck you in.”
Tony gets another sleepy hum and Steve burrows closer, the cold tip of his nose tucked behind Tony’s ear.
“Don’t you ‘Steven’ me,” Steve grumbles.
finish your paperwork. We have dinner plans, remember?”
“Exactly. Which is why I need to shower.”
Steve’s blue eyes are gazing at him intently, looking at him like he’s the only person in the world worth his sole, undivided attention.
“Sweetheart, please forgive me? I’m sorry. I’m truly the worst.”
“No, I’m not, of course I’m not. Who says I’m freaking out? You have no proof. I am calm, I’m calm as a clam, is that the saying? Did I get it right? Or was it happy— Anyway, I am absolutely calm, I’m the calmest I could possibly be. Any calmer and I’d be asleep. I’m—”
“Steven, let me hold some of the bags.”
“After you, sweetheart.”
“You’ve been busy.”
“I am so, so sorry, my love.” Steve laughs softly. He covers Tony’s nape with his hand, thumb caressing the side of his neck. “Turn around? Please?”
a centenarian, after all. My memory is just not what it used to be.”
Tony inhales and lets Steve’s comforting scent fill his lungs, a mix of his coconut-scented body wash and the laundry detergent they share together. It smells a lot like home.
Steve has a few seconds to enjoy his victory—the ends of his lips lifting up into a smug smile—before his intruder lets out a muffled whine.
“Fine,” Steve grumbles, shuffling closer to bury his face in Tony’s chest, “it was bribery.”
Laughing gleefully, Steve finally releases Tony. “Okay, okay. I’m letting go.”
He finally manages to make his way to where Steve is sitting, stationed in front of an easel carrying a piece of stretched canvas which has been painted with streaks of red and gold. He looks around and frowns at Steve. “There’s no place to sit. There’s barely any place to stand.”
Tony stares at him uncomprehendingly. “You’ll see me later anyway.”
Steve hums again, lips resting against the back of Tony’s neck.
Tony moans. “Now you’re just playing dirty.”
Tony winces as he steps into the room. “Sorry, did I miss the mark completely? Art’s always been more of Pepper’s thing.”
have a hug?” His question is polite, but his arms are already outstretched, demanding a hug from Tony like it’s his God-given right.
“Tony, are you freaking out? I feel like I can hear you freaking out from all the way over here.”
“I told you things would go smoothly, you had nothing to worry about. You’re a brilliant negotiator—”
“Sap,” Tony remarks, but proceeds to sit down sideways on Steve’s lap, his legs perpendicular to Steve’s. Spotting the smears of colorful paint staining the floor and the painting supplies scattered all around the studio, Tony clucks his tongue in disapproval. “You know this is going to take forever to clean up, right?”
“Picasso?” The sunlight streaming in through the floor-to-ceiling windows of the studio illuminates the entire room. From the doorway, Steve’s blond hair gleams golden.
“See you.”
Tony nods and makes a few rapid gestures with his free hand that he supposes Paul is only able to interpret perfectly after years and years of working for Tony. The gestures roughly translate to something like “Copy, I hear you, just let me wrap this up and then I’ll let you know when I’m done. Capiche?”
Steve also knows that he won’t finish the coffee because it wasn’t made by Steve or himself.
Tony lets the hands he has on Steve’s waist slide up to his shoulders, thumbs caressing the jut of Steve’s collarbones.
the worst case scenario. He really should’ve just kept his stupid mouth shut.
“Also, you’re right, the single blueberry muffin was a bad idea because now my stomach won’t shut up. So I’ve ordered some pasta for my in-flight meal. Robbie’s making it, you’ve met Robbie—”
“You have to let me go, though.” Tony pokes at his shoulder. “Your Tony needs to shower.”
“No,” Steve mutters decisively, throwing a leg over Tony’s body and pulling him in.
“Sixty, fifty-nine, fifty-eight…” Steve begins.
A flake of popcorn hits Tony’s cheek.
that perhaps the bad feeling I got was due to my severe hunger and sleep deprivation. I mean, I’ve heard about hallucinations caused by hunger or exhaustion, but this was—”
“I can get you naked.” Steve slips his thumbs under the waistband and Tony grabs his wrists, stopping him before things can truly escalate.
“Yeah?” Tony squeaks.
“You smell really good, sweetheart.” Steve plants three fleeting kisses on the delicate skin just below Tony’s ear. “You smell like me. You smell like you’re mine.”
“Would it kill you to take the elevator and walk?”
Steve looks down, avoiding Tony’s eyes in favor of staring at the cookie crumbs next to his half-full cup of coffee that has long since gone cold. His cheeks are still burning, and Tony’s words are not helping.
“Hello?”
Then he opens his mouth and begins sucking a mark into Tony’s neck.
“Tough luck. You had your chance.”
“We are.” Steve inches closer, nose brushing Tony’s. He then tilts his head ever so slightly and takes Tony’s lower lip between his, kissing him so tenderly Tony’s heart feels like it’s about to burst with it.
knew that my husband looked beautiful today.” Steve pulls back, cupping Tony’s cheeks and looking down at him. “And would you look at that,” Steve says, voice hushed with something akin to awe, “I was right after all.”
The road is also lined by trees on either side, their towering height allowing their leaves and branches to form a natural canopy high up above, effectively shielding people from the sun’s scorching heat. There is even a gentle summer breeze that blows every now and then.
“Uh, yeah.”
Slowly, Steve’s eyelids flutter open. His eyes hold Tony’s gaze for a long moment before dropping down to his lips. Tony’s eyes track the bob of Steve’s Adam’s apple as he swallows.
It is halfway through
Tony tests Steve’s hold. Steve’s limbs tighten their hold in response. Hiding a smile in Steve’s chest even as he sighs, Tony says:
“Look, Steve, as much as I’ve missed you, I’m kind of tired right now. I mean, don’t get me wrong. This whole carrying thing? Great. Very romantic. Ten out of ten. But I’m just not in the mood for sex, you know? Like, I’m not even sure I would be able to get it up if—”
“That’s objectively not true, and you know it—”
“Do you want to stay with me tonight?” Tony finds the courage to meet Steve’s eyes, holding his breath.
I get home. If the plane doesn’t crash. Haha.”
His warm blue eyes hold Tony’s gaze as he brings said wrist to his mouth, pressing a lingering kiss to the pulse point. Something warm unfurls in Tony’s chest at the way Steve’s every movement screams of his reluctance to let Tony go.
Steve grins, stroking Tony’s back appeasingly. Up and down, up and down.
“Shut up, you sweet talker. It’s nothing you haven’t seen before. Also, you
“Meet me for dinner later?” Steve whispers against his skin.
Tony hums with his eyes turned to the ceiling, pretending to ponder the answer.
“What? I said I’m sorry.”
“Honey?”
“I wanted kisses,” Tony complains, not unlike a child who has been denied access to the cookie jar.
“Larry’s replacement after he resigned. Gotta say, I was sad to see Larry go. Guy worked for me for seven years. But then there was that thing with his grandma, and he had to leave, so… But! Robbie makes a mean carbonara, maybe even better than Larry, don’t tell Larry I said that—”
He reaches up anyway, cupping Steve’s cheek and tracing the line of the wound with the side of his thumb. Steve blinks down at him, slow and languid. He is already struggling to keep his eyes open, eyelids heavy with exhaustion.
Steve mock gasps. “But I want kisses.”
“Mr. Stark, we’re ready to go.” The pilot—Paul—emerges from the cockpit, staring at him in anticipation.
“I’ve met Robbie, yes, he’s—”
“Ugh, I don’t know why I put up with you.”
Steve makes an indignant sound of protest before using an arm and a leg to pull Tony even closer against him. He holds on tight, clinging to Tony like an octopus.
Just to give his hands something to do, Steve flips to yet another page even though he hasn’t been able to follow the story. He struggles to regain his focus, too busy tracking his companion’s every move.
“Shhh. Zero,” Steve whispers. And then:
“Drop it, Steve. Please?” Tony pleads. Clearly, his brain hadn’t been firing on all cylinders. That is the only reason that could explain his temporary lapse of judgment. “Look, I feel like talking about it more right now is going to send me spiraling into a panic attack.”
It’s well past two in the morning when Tony finally makes it to his floor in the Tower, which is why he is surprised to see Steve sitting on his couch, one of Tony’s fantasy novels open in hand.
“Oh. Did I?” Steve asks, still maintaining his ridiculous charade. “Sorry, sweetheart. You know how forgetful I am.” His thumb migrates down to Tony’s bottom lip, as does the gaze of his blue eyes. “I
Steve’s head snaps up at the sound of his voice. Tony frowns. “Actually, why are you awake at all?” He is usually an early sleeper, unless—
Chuckling lightly, Steve finally lets him off the hook with a kiss to the top of his head. “Love you, sweetheart. Go shower, dinner will be ready in a minute.”
know that, because I looked it up on the way to the airport. But
Tony allows himself the luxury of melting into Steve’s arms, relishing the way the solid warmth of Steve’s hold squeezes the tension out of his own muscles.
Steve clenches his jaw so tight he feels a little lightheaded, but he is
There is a period of silence, and then:
“Did you know that Tokyo is number nineteen on the list of cities with the worst traffic congestion in the world?
“Fifty, forty-nine, forty-eight…” Steve’s warm breath tickles Tony’s forehead as he continues to count down.
really
“Steve, this is getting ridiculous.”
“You’re wearing my cologne,” Steve notes all of a sudden, his tone surprised and immensely pleased.
“No work. You’re mine for the day,” Steve grumbles, arm curling tighter around Tony’s stomach.
“Of course, baby. Wouldn’t miss date night for anything,” Tony promises.
“You can’t expect me to get any work done after seeing you like this,” Steve says, almost mournfully, nuzzling the delicate spot under Tony’s ear and sending a shiver down Tony’s spine.
“See?” Tony says, before planting a kiss to his knuckles. “So pretty.”
“Tony,” Steve whispers against his skin.
“What the—”
He catches the moment Tony realizes Steve is still waiting for an answer, staring down at him with a smirk and a raised eyebrow.
“I was… wrong.” Tony swallows. “Uh, turns out the bad feeling completely disappeared after I woke up from my nap on the plane, so I
“Whatever it is I did wrong, I’m sorry, and it’s one hundred percent my fault. Look, I even brought you a peace offering. A cup of tea to make you feel all warm and cozy?” Tony flashes him a wide, placating grin, gesturing to the mug sitting on the desk. Never mind that Tony has been bringing Steve his tea everyday for years now.
He gets a short hum in reply, rising at the end in intonation.
Tony rolls his eyes, slipping his arm back around Steve’s waist.
Steve hears Mr. Stone and Mr. Rhodes laughing about something when he brings them their food.
Tony sighs. “You’re right. It’s too pretty, I would just try to put it in the display cabinet, and that would mean I’d have to rearrange everything in there to make it fit.”
As if he could actually make Ty admit that they haven’t worked as a couple for years.
First, there’s Thor, some Norwegian exchange student who always wanted to make it big in America through male modelling but didn’t make the cut. Tony thinks it’s a pity he didn’t send the application link over to a few of his friends that
A quiet sigh, and then Steve’s gravelly voice is in Tony’s ear: “Never went.”
Eventually, Tony pulls back for air. He cradles Steve’s face in his hands, staring straight into his eyes.
forgetful person.”
“Am I forgiven?” he asks, lips brushing against Tony’s. He doesn’t give Tony the chance to answer, immediately going in for a fifth kiss.
“I did?” Steve’s smile widens, leaning forward to capture Tony’s lips in a kiss.
Slowly, Steve begins walking toward him, eyes on Tony and frown still in place.
“I’m sure he wouldn’t have—”
“Hello, sweetheart,” he croons sweetly, bending down to nuzzle the back of Tony’s neck in greeting.
“Good.” Tony feels a lightness growing inside of him, spreading outwards to his extremities.
going to— Wait, what?”
“You ignored me.” The words are mumbled into Steve’s sweatpants, bitter and accusatory, Tony’s breath warm through the fabric.
“Tony, that’s not good. Is that all you had for lunch? You should really eat—”
Tony snorts.
Tony punches Steve’s shoulder lightly in protest and buries his face in his hands.
The sun is shining brightly up in the clear blue sky. The farmers market is bustling with life, with people visiting various tents stationed along the long stretch of road, each offering a variety of fresh produce as well as various finger foods and cold beverages.
“I exercise plenty.” Tony sits down on the chair across from him, scooting closer to the table. Under the table, his ankle brushes Steve’s. “Besides, we just engaged in a
“What? It’s the truth! You really did enjoy it when I—”
“Please don’t call me before a flight and say that you think the plane is going to crash, ever again.”
Tony extricates himself from Steve’s hold. Steve glides his fingers along Tony’s arm as he does—determined to get his fill of physical contact until the very last second—and it ends with him catching Tony’s wrist just before Tony is about to stand.
“Right,” Steve says, lips twitching at their inside joke. He opens his mouth to say something else, but a familiar silhouette in the distance catches his eye and breaks his train of thought. “Uh, actually…”
All the while, his fingers are fiddling with two sugar packets Steve knows he will only use one of. He is always buzzing with energy, parts of him always in a state of perpetual motion, finding it near impossible to stay still.
He plants his chin on Steve’s chest and looks up at him. Steve’s eyes are still closed. He looks unfairly breathtaking even when soaking wet, water droplets hanging precariously from the tips of his eyelashes.
Tony hums, pretending to consider the offer. He lets his breath out in a sharp exhale before sitting up decisively. One of Steve’s arms is still curled around his waist. Tony looks down at his husband and finds him looking back up at Tony with half-lidded eyes, a lazy yet playful smile on his lips.
"Just— A gut feeling. A feeling in your gut. Inside of me. Like a hunch?”
“Good.” Tony feels his own lips slowly curve up into a smile, wide and unbridled.
“That sounds awful, are your legs okay—”
don’t have to say it back to me. I mean it.”
The sight brings a fond smile to Tony’s face and he hooks his fingers under Steve’s chin to drag him into a soft, languid kiss.
Tony hops off the counter and makes a hasty escape, lest Steve continue torturing him with more saccharine words that make him want to melt into the floor in embarrassment.
Tony looks down at his lap, clearing his throat. “Uh, I know that we haven’t done this before, but…”
Tony forces himself to drag in a slow breath as he grips the arm of his seat with his free hand, focusing on the soothing hum of the airplane’s engine.
“Leave it. It’ll still be there in the morning.”
“Now go. Before I change my mind.”
Now, if only Tony’s husband would stop ruining the day by being a stubborn bastard.
“Tony—”
“Long day, sweetheart?”
Which makes, in retrospect, his abrupt love confession—as truthful as it was—that much more insane. God, Stark. Never do that again.
“I highly doubt that.”
“Of course, sweetheart,” Steve whispers before planting a kiss on Tony’s knuckles, eyes holding his gaze steadily. “I’ll wash your hair, too.”
Tony still finds it hard to breathe. “Oh.”
“You want to join us?” Tony asks, fingers still scratching Steve’s scalp lightly.
Steve turns to him, brush in hand, face lighting up like a Christmas tree. There’s a streak of blue paint across his cheek that Tony is tempted not to tell him about.
“I hate everything and everyone,” Steve mumbles almost incoherently. Tony chuckles, fingers massaging Steve’s neck soothingly. Steve must be really exhausted. Tony knows that he was also constantly in and out of various administrative meetings today. The intricacies of SHIELD bureaucracy and paperwork happen to be the bane of Steve’s existence.
“I’ve told Pepper to give you the day off.”
“And I guess, I just called because I… I feel like I need to do this before the plane crashes and I die a violent and fiery death.”
“Table’s yours as long as you like,” she says before disappearing into the indoor part of the café to relay the order. Steve knows she means it, too. She’ll make sure of it, just like she always has for the past few years.
Clint’s choice—when a heavy weight falls onto Tony’s back and the bowl of popcorn in his lap nearly goes flying. He freezes for a few seconds before registering the soft tufts of blond hair tickling his cheek. Tony didn’t even hear him approach. Perhaps he had been more immersed in the movie than he previously thought.
“We are, sweetheart.” Steve looks up at him, blue eyes fond and smile radiant. “We definitely are.”
“Okay.”
“Okay,” Steve says patiently, his voice low and warm, “what are you feeling?”
The lizards had green, gunky blood that got into the nooks and crannies of the suit. It had taken forever to clean.
“Thank you. Uh, I’ll see you when I get home.
When Steve speaks, his muffled voice comes out rough and near incoherent, speech slurred groggily. “Captain America condemns bribery.” He lets out a content sigh, body melting further into Tony’s. “Steven Stark-Rogers, on the other hand, is
His husband can be so ridiculous sometimes.
Tony pauses. Then he gasps.
“What—” Tony blinks, looking down at his own attire—or rather, the lack thereof. Having just woken up from a nap, he is dressed only in his boxer briefs. A laugh bubbles up his throat, his entire body shaking with it.
Steve shakes his head.
“God, please don’t say that. You’re scaring me, Tony.”
Steve hums, satisfied. Tony lets himself settle more comfortably in Steve’s arms.
Steve exclaims, knocking his ankle against Tony’s in warning. “Stop it.”
Tony’s lips quirk up into a small smile without his permission. “I never went anywhere, baby.”
“Tony?”
“Missed you.”
That is not, in fact, what happens.
Pulling back slightly to plant a kiss on the corner of Tony’s mouth, Steve cradles his jaw, thumb rubbing his cheek affectionately. “I love you, sweetheart. So much.”
Tony grins, feeling near giddy with delight. “Glad we’re on the same page.”
The art studio is always in some state of disarray and it drives Tony up the wall sometimes, if he were being honest.
“A… feeling?”
“The traffic?
“Like, if I didn’t do this today, maybe I’d never get to do it, you know? And, uh, okay, I’ve honestly been ranting to stall for time, but the longer I keep it in the more nauseous I feel, so maybe I’m just gonna do it now so I can die in peace—”
“We’re not going to have sex.”
if the only reason we’re doing it is because you can’t keep your hands off of me.”
“Just a cut,” Steve whispers, leaning into Tony’s touch. When Tony’s worried frown stays in place, Steve turns and plants a soft kiss in the center of his palm.
“I better be, after waking you up with one hell of a—”
“Come here, I need to tell you something,” he whispers, like someone who is about to divulge a monumental secret.
“Look at you go, Picasso.”
“Good.” Steve nods, lips twitching, his eyes never leaving Tony’s.
“‘Cept you. You stay with me forever. Love you.” Steve nuzzles into the crook above Tony’s collarbone, inhaling deeply through his nose. Tony thinks he can almost feel Steve’s body settling even heavier against his, like he is surrendering all of his strength to plaster himself completely to Tony’s body. Closing his eyes, Tony smiles to himself as he soaks up Steve’s body warmth.
He remembers being so stunned by the answer that he couldn’t really form any coherent reply to the answer Steve had given so matter-of-factly, his own heart trying to beat its way out of his chest.
“Look, Tony, I—”
“I am also so very right. You
“You did a great job today.” Steve’s fingers are still pressing into his neck in slow, circular motions. “You worked very hard at the office. I love you.”
“Just wondering where I’d be without you.”
know that. And, uh, is your ass okay—”
“I did
“I’m sorry, Tony, I know you told me to drop it. But— I feel like if you did mean what you said, I owe it to you to… set the records straight.” When Tony opens his eyes again, Steve is looking up at him, blue eyes solemn.
Tony did eventually admit to Steve that he found the café’s coffee to be subpar. He did, however, insist that the café
Tony stops dead in his tracks after he walks through the door into their bedroom, the sight on the bed giving him pause.
As he flips to another page, he feels the sofa dip down with extra weight. He sees movement in his peripheral vision, but doesn’t bother turning his head to take a look. Someone has plopped down on the other end of the couch.
“Nothing bad’s going to happen, Tony—”
He turns the water back on afterwards, letting the soap suds disintegrate. Even after their bodies are rinsed clean of soap and grime, they continue to stand there in the middle of the shower stall, indulging in the pleasant pressure of warm water against sore muscles. Tony rests his forehead on Steve’s sternum, arms holding him close.
“Something like that.”
naked.”
“Spaghetti carbonara. With extra cheese.”
“...Okay. Fine.”
Tony’s mouth waters as he eyes the mountain of grated Pecorino Romano sitting atop the pasta. He sighs dreamily and smiles up at Robbie.
Tony snorts.
Tony huffs. “No.”
“I know, I just…” Steve stands up, shoving his hands into the pockets of his sweatpants. He ambles over before coming to a stop right in front of Tony. “I wanted to see you.”
“I would like that very much.”
“Baby—”
“Evil.”
“Will do, sweetheart.” Steve smiles. “Thirty…”
“Steveeeeen.”
“I mean… We
“Your bedroom.”
I will
“Waiting on the big guy?”
Tony engages in more small talk with Beth as she sets the cup and saucer on the table, asking after her husband and kids. There is an easy and carefree smile on his face, crinkles forming at the corners of his eyes.
shoulder just barely healed.”
Steve tries to make for the bed the second they enter the bedroom, but Tony redirects his path swiftly to the en-suite bathroom, much to his disappointment. Steve proceeds to make his disapproval clear in the form of a frown and a pair of grumpy eyebrows creasing together.
“Sorry, honey. Work gets crazy this time of the year.”
Tony huffs, rolling his eyes, but his lips curve up into a pleased smile and his brown eyes are warm with affection as he meets Steve’s gaze. He reaches for Steve’s hand on the table, giving it a gentle squeeze. The band of vibranium around his husband’s ring finger gleams in the late morning sunlight.
For a few seconds, nothing happens. Hesitantly, Tony opens his eyes. He is greeted by the sight of Steve bending down slightly to meet his eye level, hands planted on the counter on either side of Tony, eyes looking straight into his.
“Maybe. But you won’t be in my arms.”
Tony blinks.
Steve gives him none.
Tony wakes to the sunlight shining in his face. He groans, instinctively hiding his face back in his pillow. The light feels too warm and bright for early morning sun and a quick glance at the digital clock sitting on his nightstand confirms his suspicions: It’s ten minutes to eleven.
Taking Steve’s hand, Tony turns to address the rest of the room. “Sorry folks, looks like you’re going to have to finish the movie without us.”
I like it.”
walk like this around the house all the time. I just woke up, honey.” Tony chuckles, hand coming up to bury his fingers in Steve’s hair, massaging his scalp lightly. “Go and finish your paperwork.”
“Steve?”
Tony clears his throat. His eyes dart around to stare at anything but Steve, color high on his cheeks.
Steve glowers at Tony. Tony grins up at him. With the hand still squishing Steve’s cheeks, he moves Steve’s head from side to side.
“Here’s fine. Don’t need a bed.” Steve’s words are muffled against Tony’s shirt, speech becoming increasingly incoherent. “Just need you.”
“...What?”
“Oh.”
Then Steve turns quiet. Tony waits, but when Steve doesn’t continue the countdown, he looks up. His husband is already gazing at him, face looking deceitfully innocent.
“It’s not like I do this every single time. Besides, why take the elevator when you have a flying suit? That’s just ineffective.” Tony makes a face as he pulls his chair out.
for the coffee, but because the café was a place full of memories. His memories of the two of them, his memories of
Steve hums sympathetically, gradually stopping their swaying. His hand comes up to massage the back of Tony’s neck. “Rough day?”
He loosens his tie and sinks deeply into his seat, closing his eyes with a massive yawn as he listens to the ringing tone. He hadn’t been able to sleep very well throughout his five-day stay in Tokyo, too anxious about the contract to rest properly.
“Sweetheart?”
me you felt something in your—”
“Okay, okay. And
Tony leaves, snickering all the while at his husband’s dramatics.
Eventually, Steve succumbs to his wiles. Tony strips Steve out of his many layers of combat uniform before undressing himself. Together, they step into the wide space of Tony’s glass shower stall, which houses a multi-jet shower system with a total of eight body sprays in addition to the rainfall showerhead that is mounted on the ceiling. Tony makes sure the water is at a sufficiently warm temperature—warm enough to become hot after a while, because Steve likes it that way—and sets the body sprays’ water pressure to a pulsating massage.
Steve blinks and turns his head around from where he is crouched in front of the oven, waiting not-so-patiently for his mac and cheese to finish baking. At the sight of Tony sitting atop the kitchen counter, legs swinging lightly and eyes staring back at him expectantly, a slow smile blooms on his face. He stands up and makes his way to Tony.
of her regulars, something Beth always denies vehemently.
“There may have been… some flowers involved. And some cupcakes and… bagels sent to her office, along with a—” Steve breaks off to yawn. “A very sweet and carefully worded handwritten note.”
“You stopped counting.”
Tony walks to where Steve is lying down on the workshop couch, long legs stretched out comfortably along its length. He beckons Tony closer.
Steve presses a soft kiss to the column of Tony’s neck, effectively cutting off Tony’s ramblings.
Giving up, Tony breaks into laughter.
“You can’t sleep here, sweetheart.” Tony chuckles, patting one of the arms Steve has around his shoulders. The material of the uniform feels rough against the skin of his palm. With his current position, the edge of the couch must be digging into Steve’s stomach in an unpleasant way. “Let’s get you cleaned up and head straight to bed.”
Tony bends down obediently. Steve reaches up to cup Tony’s cheeks in his hands, leaning close until their noses are brushing against each other.
“Jesus Christ,
Steve chuckles again. His hand combs through Tony’s hair slowly, trapping soft curls in the spaces between his fingers and drawing them out. “I wanted to see how long you’d hold out. Not very long, it turns out.”
“Come on—”
He squints and frowns when instead of a building he finds a rough and nondescript sketch of a person’s face.
Tony freezes after having taken a few steps into the room, wide eyes blinking in bewilderment and a mug of hot tea in his hand. He racks his brain to figure out whatever sin he has committed to make Steve’s face crumple up like that—sandy brows furrowed and the edges of his lip tugged down into a displeased frown.
“Yeah,” Steve says, the word more breath than sound. He meets Tony’s dazed gaze. “So you don’t have to worry about… jumping the gun. Not with me. I’m in it for the long haul.”
“Only if I get to shower with you,” Steve says, voice deep, rough, and full of promises. Heat pools in the pit of Tony’s stomach.
“-I need you to call that Potts woman for me. Have her arrange something at Stark Expo where I can do some networking. And put in a good word for me this time, will you?”
Tony smiles to himself as he remembers the exact documentary that Steve’s referring to. Steve had been so excited to watch it, both because it was a movie from after he woke up from the ice
Tony smirks at him, the
the nervous one here. What a joke. Steve reaches for his hot cocoa and takes a sip (it’s
He sighs. Of course. This comes up like clockwork every six months, and every six months Pepper says “I’m not helping that man delude himself, Tony! Why won’t you just divorce him?”
Poor Steven <3 See you next week :D
“Hey, speaking of marriages that are shams, I fucking hate your husband.”
thinks is pretty.
He’s roped Happy into driving them to his favorite little French place where he’s made reservations with all of his friends. They all know that he’s bringing a date, and have undoubtedly been circulating some wonderfully fantastical rumors.
And it’s
Tony’s been
Ty’s blood runs cold. Surely she’s not suggesting that he
GAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH this chapter was hell to write. I hope you enjoy reading it! Also, check it out, the end is in sight!
Tony Stark does not get stressed easily. He, ostensibly, has the ideal life: a loving relationship, a massive home with a pool and a garden, and no need for money. Because he is
Shit, how could I have fucked up this early in the game? Usually I get through at least half of the plan without cocking it up this badly.
On the outside, Tony says “sounds good,” and goes back to eating.
Well. It looks like he’s stuck with a sub for the next four weeks.
“It looks like something Duchamp would make, absolutely not.” The plate in question isn’t really even a proper seder plate, it’s just six pieces of curved glass fused to a glass board, inlaid with a tacky pattern.
“I guess I’ll have to protect you then, Mr. Stark.” Steve’s grinning despite himself. They’ve been married for
“You’re such a charmer,” he drawls, trying for ‘dry and sarcastic’ but probably landing at ‘unbelievably earnest.’ As a last ditch effort to recover his dignity and cool factor, he says, “Come on Don Juan, let’s go make sure the kids didn’t burn the house down.”
end of this story.
“You make him call you Mr. Stone? Kinky.”
He strips, slips on his night robe, and lies facing away from Tiberius, who is already fast asleep, no doubt unaware of what’s happening in his own home.
“No, really? What harmed his application? Was it him stealing his neighbor’s golf cart and crashing it into the lake on their property? Or him starting a ‘secret society’ at his middle school that turned out to just be an excuse to smoke weed behind the tennis courts?”
Ty hesitates, then thinks about this logically. He has great lawyers and a ton of money, Tony made sure of that. In the worst case scenario, if they get caught, he’ll probably be able to post bail and walk free, even if he would technically have a couple of felonies under his belt. It’s not the worst thing that a politician’s ever done.
, Tony’s able to step out and grab a cup of coffee. He probably shouldn’t be having any at 5pm, but he needs it. That’s when he hears the aforementioned secretaries talking. About him, no less.
you want, sweetheart, because I‘m gonna be honest, I’m at a loss for why you’re so upset.”
, he’s just filled with pent-up anger, and it comes out as crying because his body is the
Tony knows that he’s got Steve wrapped around his finger when the man agrees to accompany him to brunch. He honestly can’t wait to see some good pictures of him and Steve in a gossip rag; he just
“Mr. Stone, you’re still talking to yourself.” Right. The conversation that he was supposed to have with Steve.
Everything suddenly feels nice. He’s warm, safe, being held by a Dom who clearly knows what he’s doing. Everything’s fine. He doesn’t need to think about Brock, or Bucky, or the leak in his apartment’s roof, or anything. The only thing he has to do is be good, be relaxed and calm, like how Tony wants him.
Tony wraps his arms around Steve’s torso and pulls him close. “Do you still want me to call SADA in the morning?”
“--should have been a red flag, yes, but in my defense, I was 24, I’d never had a serious Dom before, and he was…
Oh sure, Tony was different from his father, had no interest in the company, just wanted to tinker with his robots and play housewife. But he still had the damn last name. Or did, before Ty convinced him to change it. Together, they told the press that it was because they were in love. He told Tony that it was for Tony’s own benefit, didn’t he
She, perplexingly, smiles. She doesn’t have a very kind smile, hers is sharp, secretive, like she knows something that he doesn’t. He hates feeling like he’s being left out of something, it’s part of the reason he spends so much time away from Tony. Him and that damned intellect, always lording it over him like he’s God’s gift to Earth because he’s a few standard deviations above the average--
you want to go to sleep.” Tony’s tone is playful, but now that Steve’s coming down from the flood of adrenaline and emotions, he feels ragged and ready to collapse.
...Okay, maybe he will die, but at least he’ll have died knowing that he never put Steve in an uncomfortable position.
“Richard! Good to see you again,” says Steve, standing up from the waiting room’s couch. “Are those ours?”
are here, the last item in discreet packaging so as to not give away what it is.
“Did he pass out? Jesus fuck, one of these days I’m just gonna leave him out here and see what happens.” This is the first thing he’s ever heard the man -- Tiberius, his mind supplies -- say, and Steve instantly dislikes him.
Thank you for reading! Comments and kudos always appreciated :D
Which makes Tony shoot him one right back that says
, he’s going to have to ask for the recipe), before deciding.
This story, in terms of plot, is done, however, I think I *will* be publishing a ninth chapter for this as an epilogue. That one will probably take longer than a week to get up, since I'm moving back to college next week.
Steve laughs out loud at that. “It wouldn’t
“No, but the kids all went out to the amusement park without us.” He gives Tony a sly glance, hoping that the kiss in the car was enough of a hint.
“Sorry, Jackie, finders-keepers. And he’s one of a kind, no replicas. Kind of like that Berkin that Nathaniel's boyfriend bought him, you know, the ugly one?”
love Rachael Ray, but we’re here for a reason. Also, we need to discuss your pot-hoarding habit. Anyways, what do you think of this plate for Peter and MJ?”
Now it’s Steve’s turn to give Tony an amused snort, accompanied by a small giggle. “You’re
Being around the sleazy older Doms on the Board of Trustees makes him want to run back home to his sub, too. Haroldson is the worst one; he’s seen him leering at their secretaries too many times, and he’s 99% sure that he’s been bribing HR to cover up harassment claims. Which brings up the issue of needing to overhaul the HR department too, but he needs to extinguish imminent problems first.
Tony grins, and reaches into his pants pocket to pull out a chocolate bar that he’d swiped from Clint’s stash of candy. “Oh really? Well, I guess that means you don’t like candy anymore, then?”
“I was talking about the boyfriend, not the bag!”
Rhodey chimes in, “Be polite Tones, they’re not ugly! They’re just very... nouveau-riche. Statement pieces. Because that’s something those types of people need, obviously.”
On the plus-side, I did very well on my recent midterms for university and I actually understand Laplace transforms. Actually, I like them enough to potentially take a class on Fourier analysis. Small victories.
Tony takes the elevator down to the common floor, adjusting his dress shirt and attempting to smooth out any wrinkles. He needs to remind Steve to iron their laundry tonight, but that’ll come later.
“A Dom who won’t throw you away? I wanted to say that was me, but I don’t think you think that’s possible right now. I’m sorry, honey. I shouldn’t have said what I said to you. I understand why you want another Dom.”
bring over his servants.
“Emmie, what do we say?” says her father, Mike, clearly worn out from his daughter’s antics today.
Steve is hesitant to leave the man alone, but he doesn’t want to be caught half-hard staring at another man’s sleeping husband, so he turns off the lights, closes the door, and heads back into the hallway to take himself back to the cottage.
“That for me, baby? You’re so sweet. You’re such a sweet sub for me.” Steve keens under the praise, hips canting in search of friction. Tony has no intention of letting the evening escalate that far, though.
“Good for them, but why do they need three bedrooms? I thought they weren’t having kids?”
what a real scandal looks like.
Enter Tony Stark, 20 years old, fresh out of MIT’s PhD program, and absolutely gorgeous, if a little scruffy around the edges. Nothing a few nudges from his adoring husband towards the spa couldn’t fix.
not feeling up for it right now. It’s not your fault, you’ve been nothing but perfect. Such a good boy.”
“Hey, I also read that one. You know how people send a breakup text? She sent me an advanced copy of her 50,000 word breakup text.
The elevator dings as Tony walks into his penthouse. His head is pounding and he needs a drink
could come in and steal me away,” in a sultry whisper.
his mind replies, unhelpfully) looking less than immaculate, which by his standards translates to wrecked beyond belief.
Tiberius gets a chance to explain himself to someone, and Tony and the gang go to brunch together.
The price of the villa has gone up to $2.5 million. Tony places another bid and moves onto Promising Candidate #2, James Barnes, or Bucky, as his friends apparently call him.
Before Tony can slip off with Steve entirely, Rhodey flags them down, ushers them onto a busier street so they’ll have cover. “I hired the PIs, spoke with them last night. We should get an update within the next week or so. Is that okay?”
Is this what switches think we sound like?”
first thing we’re doing after clothes shopping is getting you a better collar, one with a
Tony watches Steve turn red and stammer out an, “I’m sorry Mr. Stone, right away,” before staging an orderly retreat to the grill to bring him and Rhodey their spare ribs.
the hardcover version.”
He’s about to yell at her to just spit it out when she says “You know, the Post is always kind to widowers.”
, and says to his magic ceiling, “JARVIS, you heard the man. Legally Blonde.”
Steve slumps down into his seat, and crosses his arms mulishly. “Card counting isn’t even cheating, it’s just math. We watched that documentary, remember?”
“It was
had my going-out clothes.”
Steve turns around to see a Black man with short, cropped hair and a bright smile telling Mr. Stone to “get off of me and let me get some alcohol in me before we talk, you’re a menace, Anthony Stark,” trying to pry Mr. Stone off of him and walking toward the deck chairs.
Steve ignores Tony’s casual offer of legal protection and tries his best to explain without crying again. “He just… I like pain, right, what kind of sub doesn’t? And he was all about that, ‘order through pain’ was his whole thing.” He swallows the lump in his throat before continuing.
we’re gearing up for conference season, I can’t take care of my own needs, let alone someone else’s.”
“Well, they’re not
“Jesus
Ty’s entire face goes a blotchy red, his features contorting into an ugly snarl, and before they can start their third screaming match of the day, Tony grabs his robe and goes to the pool to do some reading.
They leave, waving the entire family goodbye, and promise to come back next week to pick up their finished suits.
Now is Tony’s time to gloat. “His marriage is a fucking sham, can you believe it? And we wonder why they haven’t had any children in ten years!”
(See the end of the chapter for
Emily gives him a put-upon sigh and eyeroll that only an eleven-year old girl is capable of. “I’m in
When the water hits his skin, Steve groans audibly. Tony runs his hands soothingly up and down Steve’s sides.
When Steve releases the chain, the dog tags clang against the edge of the arc reactor.
“Honey, please—”
around,” Steve hisses, casting a furtive glance at a nearby table occupied by a family of four.
“What a menace you are, Mr. Stark-Rogers.”
Steve waits patiently for Tony to gather his thoughts, hands stroking up and down Tony’s sides.
Steve reaches up and begins undoing his tie. After setting it aside on the bed, he begins to unbutton Tony’s shirt. He takes his time, one button at a time.
“Tony, wait.”
“Shhh,” Steve whispers into his hair, “you look tired. You deserve a break.”
“...Fuck.” Tony can feel his own pulse starting to race. “Fuck, fuck, fuck.”
I had to keep shifting in my seat to avoid pins and needles.”
“Did you— Did Captain America commit an act of bribery?”
He finally stops with his nose a few inches away from Steve’s face, breath tickling his cheek. With the close proximity, the intensity of his gaze feels like a brand on Steve’s skin.
“Great.”
Steve continues to work at the sensitive skin of Tony’s neck, teeth and tongue working in tandem to reduce Tony to a puddle of want. When he stops, Tony feels like he is ready to melt into the bed, bones turning into jelly.
Tony hums noncommittally, tilting his head at the sketch and giving it one last look before leaning back in his seat. “How was your morning run?”
When Steve has successfully carried him to his bedroom, Tony fully expects Steve to deposit him on the bed.
He tends to lose track of time when he is hyperfocused on a project, so he isn’t exactly surprised that the next time he becomes aware of his surroundings, the plane is already well up in the air, his sketch of what looks like a flying coffee pot is almost finished, and Robbie is placing a plate of spaghetti carbonara on the table in front of him.
From the comfort of the air-conditioned Stark Industries private jet, he feels a slight twinge of sympathy for the people having to suffer in the humid summer heat.
good in a tank top.”
Tony glares up at him, unimpressed. Steve smiles down at him, pressing his thumb down on the lines between his downturned brows.
“Yeah,” Steve says quietly, “nothing really interesting.” He admires the way sunlight turns the tips of Tony’s dark hair into a lighter shade of brown. “Don’t worry, sweetheart. You’re still the highlight of my morning.”
Steve grunts in lieu of a reply and then proceeds to push Tony down on the bed before lying half on top of him.
Tony remembers that day very well. They were in the middle of dessert at Tony’s favorite Italian place when they received the call to assemble—something about giant lizards wreaking havoc in Central Park.
“Mr. Stark-Rogers,” the kind waitress greets with a smile. “The usual?”
“Come on, darling. All you need to do is just stand there. I’ll do all the work, okay?”
Steve lets out a defeated sigh, stepping back with a pout. “I hate it when you’re being responsible.”
“I, uh. Love you. I’ve known it for a while now. And, uh, I know we’ve only been dating for like, a week, but—” Tony blinks.
“...Honey?”
“Meetings with the R&D department,” Tony says. “I haven’t seen
“Steven, darling, love of my life. As much as I’m enjoying this, I’m afraid that my broken armor isn’t going to fix itself.”
“Stark-Rogers,” Steve corrects automatically and if Tony’s heart does a happy little backflip at that like the sap he truly is deep inside, no one needs to know. Tony’s husband of two weeks leans back, his head hitting the headboard with a quiet thud. He looks at Tony with tired eyes and a small frown as he sets his lap desk aside.
Tony reaches for the bags again only for Steve to catch his arm and bring it back down. “I’ll be fine, sweetheart. I’m a supersoldier.”
“The plane is going to land safely and you’re going to come back home to me in one piece. This is non-negotiable, Tony. You hear me?” Steve demands, his voice all hard authority and no-nonsense, like there will be Consequences should Tony fail to comply.
“The meeting went well, by the way. Mr. Watanabe finally signed the contract, everything went as planned. My ride to the
“You were wrong.”
“Okay.”
His husband lets out another noncommittal hum that Tony feels against the bare skin of his chest.
“Nightmare?” Tony gives him a sympathetic smile. It wouldn’t be the first time. In the early days of their friendship, Tony and Steve would sit together in the living room whenever they had trouble sleeping, talking to each other until the sun came up.
“Why are you still in bed? Did you come back to bed after your run?”
The second their eyes meet, Steve smiles the sweet, lopsided smile that never fails to make Tony’s stomach flip.
“You look
“Iron Man,” the waitress clarifies, lips quirked up in a knowing smile. “A lot of people eat here just to see him fly by.”
“What do you mean?”
go down, I won’t have to face the consequences of my actions, so I guess I’m just going to say
“Beautiful,” Steve whispers in his ear, warm breath tickling his skin. A fleeting kiss is planted on Tony’s cheek.
He only realizes just how truly famished he is after taking his first bite, and proceeds to finish the rest of his meal with gusto. Afterward, he spends the majority of the remaining flight time sleeping, the result of post-carbonara food coma and his sleep-deprivation finally catching up to him.
“Sir, yes, Sir. Five, four, three and a half, three…”
“There he is. My handsome husband.”
Tony sighs fondly. “Continue the count, please.”
“Wash my back?” Tony asks.
“Which lucky building are you sketching today, honeybunch?”
“Hm, that’s right. I think it was around two, three weeks before Christmas and I didn’t want JARVIS to be upset about the whole stocking thing, you know?”
It has taken years for Tony to be entirely comfortable with asking for affection in such a blatant way, but over time he has learned that doing so—actually communicating his needs and wants—has actually done wonders for their relationship. He desperately needs some loving at the moment—the end-result of a long day of all work, no play, and the worst of all: no Steve.
Tony allows himself to relax, letting out a quiet sigh. This thing with Steve is so new and delicate that every single physical contact still sends his heart fluttering, butterflies going crazy in his stomach.
It could be anyone to the untrained eye, but Steve’s pen strokes are sure and confident, having rendered the same jawline countless of times.
Steve declares, smug and self-satisfied, and Tony feels Steve smile against his neck.
“We’re not?”
Tony raises an eyebrow. Steve stares back at him.
“That wasn’t so bad, was it?”
“I need a hug. And a kiss. And I need you to tell me that you love me.”
“I’m sorry, my darling.” He takes Tony’s earlobe between his thumb and forefinger, pulling on it gently. “Turn around so I can give you kisses?”
Pulling Tony closer so that he is pressed flush against his side, Steve beams at him, smile bright as the sun. “I feel a lot better now. Thank you.”
Steve nods along dutifully, reacting at appropriate times throughout the story, but all he can think of is that sitting there, at a café’s outdoor table on Park Avenue on a bright Sunday morning, his husband sat in front of him talking a mile a minute, is that there is nowhere else he’d rather be.
“...Okay. One minute. Start the countdown.”
“The plane is
“Um— Wait— My suitcase—”
As if he could ensure Tony’s safety with the force of his willpower alone.
“Okay, maybe not in my joints. Also, are you calling me
Steve has trouble holding back a fond smile.
Tony chuckles and pads over to the bed. Once Tony is within arm’s reach, Steve wastes no time in pulling him onto his lap, burying his face in the crook of Tony’s neck. He lets out a long and contented hum, like his shoulders have just been relieved of an extremely hefty weight. Tony smiles, hand coming up to play with the soft hair at Steve’s nape.
“Oh, God. So,
“Uneventful.”
“You’re a lifesaver.”
When Steve pulls back, he finds his husband staring up at him in a daze.
“Tony. Breathe.”
“Hm?” Steve says, calm and nonchalant, as he begins walking away from the elevator.
“Why are you carrying me there?”
Enveloping Tony in his arms, Steve presses his lips to Tony’s temple. Tony scoots forward and wraps his arms around Steve’s broad shoulders, locking his ankles around his husband’s waist like a koala on a tree.
“Come here for a second?”
“How am I supposed to get any work done if you walk around the house dressed like this?” Steve whines.
workout session this morning.” Tony bites his lower lip, giving Steve a lascivious wink.
Tony stills, breath frozen in his lungs.
his favorite, albeit for reasons different from Steve’s. Not for the bagels, not for the exceptional view of Stark Tower, and definitely
“What? Why?”
I just wanted to hold my husband for a moment. Can we stay like this for a while? Give me one minute.” Steve plants a kiss on the top of his head. “Please?”
“Thank God you’re home,” Steve says with a heavy sigh. “Can I
“You want to go to bed?”
Steve thinks, smiling helplessly at the twinkle in Tony’s eyes — the one that appears whenever he gets excited.
When Tony finally arrives at the table, he bends down to plant a kiss on Steve’s cheek. “Good morning, beloved.”
Tony snorts, amused. “No?”
Steve laughs softly, not bothering to disagree. He leans down to capture Tony’s mouth in a kiss, ardent and saccharine sweet, his lips caressing Tony’s in a way that makes it abundantly clear just how much Steve has missed him.
Tony squeezes his eyes shut. “You are so corny,” he says, in the hopes that his remark would distract Steve from his burning cheeks. Years of being married to Steve and the man can still make Tony blush like no other. He just doesn’t understand how Steve can make all these sappy declarations sound so sincere, so genuine. Like he’s just stating an indisputable truth.
Steve’s smile turns lopsided when Tony meets his eyes.
All around him, people begin to whisper among themselves with excitement, some even taking out their phones to document the spectacle. Although Steve can’t really say he enjoys the attention, warmth still blooms in his chest as he observes the approaching figure. He finds himself hiding an involuntary grin behind his hand.
Plus, there is also the fact that Steve always turns all soft and happy without fail whenever Tony does ask for some affection.
“One and a half, one and a quarter, and…”
“Sorry, honey,” Tony says when Beth eventually leaves to take another table’s orders, his smile soft and affectionate. “You were saying? Running was uneventful?”
Silence. Then Tony finally turns around to face Steve, mouth set in a deep frown.
Steve reprimands, but finds himself unable to say anything further, not when the back of his neck is heating up at the memory of what they were up to just a few hours ago. While Steve immediately showered afterward and headed straight to the café, Tony decided he wanted to sleep for a few more hours, promising to join Steve later.
“Uno. Okay, good job, Captain. Let me go now.” Tony tries to wriggle his way out of Steve’s hold, but Steve’s limbs remain unyielding.
“I… got a bad feeling. Today. A few hours ago. The feeling came to me when I was sitting in traffic, and I just— I feel like something bad’s gonna happen today, Steve. I can feel it in the air. In my heart. In my gut. In my joints.”
“Your joints? Like… the feeling old people get when it’s about to rain?”
Steve grins, easy and bright. “I know.”
His gaze falls down to where Tony’s hand is still holding his, even when his other hand is gesturing animatedly as he tells his story.
“This is nice,” Tony mumbles tiredly into Steve’s shoulder.
“You do
beautiful.”
Steve frowns, squinting at Tony, sleep still heavy in his eyes. “It wasn’t bribery. It was… a gesture of appreciation.”
Coming up with nothing, he pads over quietly to the desk and sets the mug of Steve’s afternoon tea down on an empty space between a wooden penholder and a Stark Industries memo pad. Looking up at Tony from his seat in the plush leather office chair, Steve’s frown deepens.
(He wouldn’t change it for the world.)
“Do what? And stop
Looking down at Steve now, Tony lets himself indulge in the sight of his beautiful husband. Warmth runs through his veins as the hand Steve has around his waist reaches down to take one of his own.
“Okay. See you tomorrow.”
“Where have you been all day? I haven’t seen you at all today,” Steve says—almost whines, if Tony is being completely honest—from where his face is still buried into the skin under the collar of Tony’s shirt, seemingly reluctant to move.
What would the people
“What?”
Tony stares absentmindedly out the airplane window as he puts his phone up to his ear, watching people run back and forth, performing last-minute engine checks. Some of the guys look sweaty and out of breath.
“You’re filthy, baby.” Chuckling in amusement, Tony squishes Steve’s cheeks together with one hand. Steve whines petulantly. “You have germs, mister. Germs. Do you want me to die of germs?”
Kissing Tony is truly one of his favorite things in the world.
“I knew you’d make it home safely.”
“No can do, Sir.” Tony squeezes Steve’s wrist decisively. “Come on, up you go. Up, soldier.”
“I need you to know that… I didn’t have to date you to know that I loved you. I figured that a long time ago.”
Tony grins helplessly at his husband’s unfairly adorable antics, leaning down to nuzzle the top of Steve’s head fondly.
The ringing tone goes on for a few more seconds before ending with a click, replaced by an achingly familiar voice greeting him in his ear.
“Steve, what are you doing here?”
“Paperwork in bed? Really, Mr. Rogers?”
really
“Two and a half, two…”
When Steve leans back, his face is all confusion. His blue eyes, however, are teeming with mischief. “And what is it that I’m doing? I told you, sweetheart, I’m just a
The café had been Steve’s favorite café, at first. He visited the place often, especially during his first few weeks in the twenty-first century. He developed a fondness for their sesame seed bagels and the lovely view of Stark Tower from his favorite outdoor table, although the latter is a fact Steve would never admit to Tony even on pain of death.
Steve’s face is grimed with dirt. There is a cut on his right cheek that Tony knows is going to heal completely come morning.
Tony’s eyes spring open. Outside, an aircraft marshaller walks by, speaking rapidly into his walkie-talkie.
only been together for a week. Well, eight days. In fact, we’ve only been on one date. And it was interrupted. By giant lizards.” Steve chuckles incredulously.
“And I’m really sorry, baby, but I have to go. More work awaits.”
“Enjoy, Boss.” Robbie grins and slips back into the kitchen.
“I hear you.”
“Ten more minutes,” Steve bargains.
That sounds good. Really good. Tony closes his eyes and pictures Steve’s baby blues in his mind’s eye. Warmth flowers in his chest.
“How dare you ignore me.
“Thank you for coming home safely,” he whispers, solemn with sincere gratitude.
Tony chuckles again but Steve hears the clink of ceramic, a cup being lifted from its saucer. “Aye-aye, Captain.”
Lips brushing Steve’s neck as he speaks, he says, “You don’t know that. You weren’t there.”
Steve looks around to confirm Tony’s observation and laughs sheepishly. “Sorry, guess I got carried away.”
get to pull the supersoldier card right now.”
“I am concerned about how you sort your list of priorities—”
Pepper to give me the day off? And she agreed, just like
“I am,” Tony confirms. He used up the very last drops of his own just the day before and the new bottles JARVIS has undoubtedly already ordered to replenish his stock have yet to arrive.
“Please just go check on your food or something,” Tony mumbles miserably, voice muffled by his own hands. “It’s probably burning.”
Turning around in Steve’s arms to take a proper look at him, the ends of Tony’s lips are tugged upwards in a disbelieving grin.
did it feel like it deserved the number one spot. I think I lost feeling in my ass.”
Tony blinks, staring dumbfoundedly at his lonely suitcase, abandoned by the elevator. It becomes smaller and smaller with every step Steve takes.
“Yes.”
“Yeah? Should I leave and give you some much needed solitude?”
above bribery to get his husband a much-needed day off.”
Steve grunts in displeasure, arms tightening their hold around Tony. “But you just got here.”
Tony chuckles, running his fingers through Steve’s soft blond locks.
Tony seems to have also cultivated the same habit. On nights where he misses Steve like a lost limb and the man is somewhere out of reach, touching the dog tags brings him a ridiculous amount of comfort.
Then he pulls Tony close again, gently placing Tony’s face back in the crook of his neck. Steve rests his head against Tony’s and sways their joined bodies together slightly from side to side, humming a slow love song that Tony knows he has been listening to repeatedly for the past week.
Tony blinks.
“Your fault for walking around naked.”
“Hm?” Tony’s eyes are glued to his armor as he circles it to inspect the damage from all angles, the suit looking slightly worse for wear. Nothing that a little tinkering and a new paint job won’t fix, but the real problem lies within. He had experienced a brief glitch with his right repulsor mid-battle and he is hoping that he will be able to pinpoint the source of the problem immediately after JARVIS finishes running diagnostics.
Eventually they turn off the light.
“Haven’t seen you before. I’m a regular here.”
“You’ feeling better?”
Alas, sickness hadn’t left the child. As he grew up, he remained small and skinny, fragile and prone to illnesses. When he was but twelve years old, his lungs caught a mortal disease. His parents desperately searched for help everywhere they could: they asked the village doctor, the priest, even the good witch in the light woods. No one could save the child.
Tony closed his eyes and pressed his forehead against the ground, shivering with pleasure and emotion. He was now laying on the floor rather than propped up on display, and Steve was laying on him, though careful not to crush him with his weight. Steve’s hands were running over the naked skin of his sides, his mouth kissing his shoulders and nape, his hips swinging forward, backward, slowly, until the slide of his sex got easy and smooth and entirely welcome.
He enters the living-room, and starts picking up food on the table. A piece of Christmas cake, a few ginger bread cookies, and a bottle of water from the fridge. He glances at his friends.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You know, you could stay a few more days. We’ve got word from the cowherds, they’re getting down from the mountain pastures and will be there by tomorrow evening. It would be more work for you.”
“You did leave like a thief last time,” retorts Steve, holding out his hand to him.
And here’s the blush, blooming on Steve’s cheeks.
“Are we… are we together?”
Steve leads him through the neighborhood. The Christmas decorations illuminate the streets full of joyful people. There are Christmas carols bursting from the bars and the still opened shops. Steve is still holding Tony’s hand. Their breath make small white puffs in the cold.
And saying this, Steve took Tony by his wrist and leaded him to the other side of the room. There behind curtains, were a bed (the one Steve had put him on when Tony had fainted), a heavy chest, and a bathtub with overhanging pipes. To Tony’s amazement, the tap could produce warm water. Steve explained it was because of a spell, but Tony’s mind was reeling, imagining how he could reproduce the result of that spell with simple science. Steve pointed at a big basket coiled between the chest and the bathtub.
“I don’t do repeats,” hiccups Tony. “I’m the kind of idiot who falls for someone in a heartbeat, so I don’t… don’t do repeats. This was a b-bad idea. Idiot, idiot.”
“You know,” said Tony after he had cleaned up and was sitting with Steve drinking herbal tea, “We should think of a plan to get you out of here.”
“Listen, Little Iron Man, you seem to be lost. How about I show you the way to your godmother?”
However, the relative peace shattered when Tony lifted his eyes, only to catch Arnie looking appreciatively at his bare chest. He couldn’t help it; he tensed, his shoulders hunching defensively, and if he could have backed away he would’ve, only that he was already leaning against the wall. Arnie blinked, startled by his reaction and snapping out of his reverie.
“Why are you here anyway? You seem to be a prisoner?”
Tony’s body trembles, arches up, Steve presses firmly on that one spot inside of him, not moving his fingers, just pressing, pressing, pressing. He feels Tony clamping hard on his fingers, his whole body quake, his come spluttering all over them and drip down Steve’s stomach.
“Sorry, I just find it weird. Who doesn’t like muscles?”
Speaking of Tony, where is he? He can’t hear the shower anymore.
“I didn’t flirt,” groaned Steve, playing around with his piece of cake. “He offered, that’s all.”
Steve’s anger fades out, and he watches him, wonders why he’s so wind up and why he’s there anyway, dressed up as if trying to get a warm body for the night and then pushing away anyone that tries asking him out.
Steve wants to throw his hands in the air, but he’s still carrying the food and the bottle, so he just storms off.
“I’m sorry, I’m so sorry,” Tony heard him whisper as he slid down the golden braid.
“There,” says Steve, reaching his door. He searches his pockets for his key, and curses because there is way too much stuff in his pockets and it takes ages. He feels Tony stepping up closer behind him and shivers when Tony’s arms wrap around his shoulders, his lips nipping at the tender skin behind his ear. Flushing, Steve finally finds his keys and fumbles to open the door. He pulls Tony inside, leads him up the stairs to the second floor. Steve has barely closed the apartment door behind him that Tony is crowding him against it, his hands cupping his face and bringing it to his, kissing him deeply. His body is firm against Steve’s.
“Oh, Steve,” sighed Tony, the tension in his body too much, the fire in his guts swallowing his mind, severe arousal having hardened his nipples and his sex.
“I’ve been stupidly stuck trying to find a word to describe them, that’s what it is,” replies Tony, pressing a kiss on Steve’s cheekbone. “All I’ve come up with for now is ‘azure’ and that sounds ridiculously outdated.” His lips trail down Steve’s cheek, and then aim for his mouth.
“No, you don’t.”
soul, and even if we part ways right now and forever, I’d always love you because that arm fuckin’ saved Bucky’s life.”
“I’m pretty sure I’ve seen him in one of Jane’s books.”
Steve bit his lower lip, frowning, and then he looked up. Lightning coursed through Tony’s spine and his breath stopped altogether. He felt pinned under Steve’s stare.
“You’re the tinkerer? We’ve been waiting for you all day,” said the guy.
There was nothing Steve could say to make this better, and so he forced his guilt away and trailed back to the beginning of their conversation, waiting a little before replying;
“Uh, I’m not flirting,” snaps Steve defensively.
“I don’t stay in the mornings, sugar,” explains Tony softly.
“Com’on,” growls Tony after a while, and Steve starts fucking him.
They walked together, away from the main buildings of the compound. They needed space, and they didn’t want to have anyone barging in a discussion that could very well end up in a screaming match -and if they did end up yelling at each other, well,  maybe that was long overdue and thus, they didn’t need someone stopping them. Steve knew Friday was still monitoring the place though, and could send help if ever they came to blows. Of course, Steve would never let himself hit Tony ever again -but he knew Tony didn’t trust him not to, and that he only agreed to come in a secluded place alone with Steve because he knew Friday could still watch them. Walking with Tony had used to feel calming and peaceful. They would fall in the same steps, and share dry humor. Even now, after their friendship had been torn apart, and as they were walking in a tense silence, their feet still went together at the same pace -a ghost of an intimacy that had died too soon, leaving regrets, longing, and secret what-ifs-.
“Color?” whispered the werewolf.
Silence fell. For a moment, the both of them were so quiet, even down to their breathing, that the other sounds surrounding them seemed to grow louder -the wind, the birds’ chirping, the far-away purr of cars, even the rays of the sun seemed to buzz-. Then;
It’s over in a instant.
God, why had a word as simple as a 'please' been so difficult to get out? Steve still needed to work on that. ‘Please’, ‘I’m sorry’…all those were words that since his awakening in the twentieth century, remained stuck in his throat, and it seemed that it was something Tony had had noticed as well, because hearing it right now made his dark eyes slightly widen with surprise.
Steve closes his eyes, focusing on Tony’s fingers in him. He doesn’t think he can come from his ass alone, and certainly not after coming once already, but he likes the feeling and is not ready for their embrace to end.
“Why are you damp?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony can’t make a scene without drawing attention to himself or Steve, who’s wound tighter than Betty’s pin curls, so he nods, smiles, and whispers to Steve, “Don’t worry, I’ll order for you.”
Tony can keep his fancy new clothes and his overpriced collar and his charcuterie boards. All Steve needs to do is ride out this month, and then he’s
Tony goes to the spa and lots of trouble ensues.
Steve, in his delightfully Steve-esque way, says “I had clam chowder in Massachusetts, does that count?”
cover story for corporate espionage I’ve ever heard. Get the hell out of my house, I have guns and I know how to use them.” He’s had too long of a day to be dealing with HammerTech pettiness. He reaches into the kitchen drawer next to the one where he keeps his reusable straws, and pulls out his miniature pistol, clicking the safety off.
“Also, please my friend. Rhodey’s been with me since college, and he usually doesn’t call people concubines to their faces.”
He jogs off, probably to head to his own car. Theirs is idling a few blocks down, doors unlocking as Happy sees them approaching. Steve lets out an audible sigh of relief as the doors shut and they start to drive off.
ago, Tony, I-- I know I said I wanted him in jail, but honestly, it’d be… it’d be healthier if I moved on. Let it go.”
, that Tony leaves him be. He’ll take the couch tonight, if Steve isn’t awake before dinner.
“I don’t wanna hear it, Steven. And you’re one to talk about cheating, mister card counter. Do I need to remind you how many poker places we got banned from during our honeymoon?”
blame Tiberius for finding pleasure in the only place he could? Is it really his fault that he’s undressing Sunset Bain in her Manhattan office and letting her nails claw up his back while she leaves bright pink lipstick kisses all over his neck?
Steve explores Tony's apartment.
Tony snorts. “Sounds like us with the bathroom counters.”
When he gets back to bed, Steve looks so damn cozy and comfortable, he wants to take a picture. Tony crawls under the covers and wraps his arms around his husband, kissing the back of his neck. Steve stirs slightly, and turns around to face him, looking very, very content.
, the cut of the deep blue jacket making his shoulders look even broader, and the subtle pinstripe on the pants doing wonders for his legs.
to see you get away from your demon of a husband. I’ll text you any updates I get, okay?”
Steve drags Tony over to the plate that he was looking at. “I
“Oh it’s gorgeous, we have to get it for them. And another one for us.”
“Jarv, please tell me that was the last series of meetings for the week?” He gazes up at his ceiling pleadingly. Whether he’s wishing for death or just a break, he can’t tell. He flings open one of the refrigerator doors and blindly grasps around for the nearest bottle of liquor and mixer.
“Hey, if you want to really sabotage his career, I know a private investigator. Two, actually; Romanov and Barton Company. They’re both ex-CIA. Really good. They could find out who he’s cheating on you with, drag his image through the mud a little.”
“We’ll both get the eggs meurette and the brioche.” He just knows that Laurene is staring daggers at him for having the nerve to order poached eggs in front of her, ha, that’s what she gets for deciding to accompany her daughter to Paris Fashion Week this year.
Steve gingerly places his fingertips on Tony’s waist, silently asking for permission. When Tony gives him a subtle nod, he lifts his husband into a bridal carry, and Tony’s arms wrap around his shoulders.
He sets the other man down on the bed, turns him so he’s on his side rather than on his back, and brushes some errant strands of hair out of his face. He looks absolutely breathtaking, usually, but somehow, like this, relaxed and asleep, he looks like a living work of art.
, I don’t wear anything this gaudy.” Tony’s only very recently gained an appreciation for Richard’s dry sense of humor, but he’s decided that the man is the funniest person alive.
Then, he requests a transcript of the assignment details, and he has to read the
Why would you do that?”
...pants. He came down with pants and a shirt, like he said he would. Both pieces of clothing have large MIT logos on them. Okay, so they’re in the ‘establish a false sense of security’ stage of things.
“Oh, whatever. You would do the same if you and Carol weren’t so disgustingly perfect for each other.” He watches as Rhodey’s smile goes soft and wistful at the mere mention of his wife, ugh, Jesus, gross, happiness in matrimony.
Steve’s hair is plastered to his face, his undereyes look slightly puffy from crying, and he looks so damn
“We’re not gonna have sex tonight, honey.” Steve whines, clearly put-out. “I know, I know, but
Steve’s just finished jerking off to the thought of being Mr. Stone’s kept man, the images of feeding him grapes by hand and warming his cock with his mouth setting his libido on fire, when he hears someone slamming their fist against the door of the cottage.
“You better be,” Steve says mulishly, as he sinks underneath the covers, pulling the blanket up to his chin.
The stranger panics, and rushes to say “No, wait, I really am from the agency, here let me—“ and the man scrambles for his phone, rifling through his bag. Tony sighs, puts the safety back on, and puts his pistol back. This might as well happen. Goddamn Natasha, always trying to set him up. At least it’s not a socialite this time.
“It’s not real hardwood, it’s that plywood nonsense. It won’t stand up to
“Where to first?” Steve asks as they climb into the car.
Ty’s gearing up for yet another senatorial campaign. The last thing he could use right now is a scandal, which is something he’s told Tony many, many times over. They’d even gotten into a fight about it when Tony wore a dark red suit to an event instead of the traditional black, but that wasn’t a
Check out the updated rating ;)
“Fuck no, I don’t! That’s not me, he did that himself!”
“Aww, he’s so cute! What’s your name, sweetheart?” And that would be Laurene doing her best impression of someone who
“How about this one?” Tony points to the ugliest seder plate that Steve has ever seen in his life.
The ad goes out a day later.
“Bye guys, we’ll be back in a few hours!” Steve calls out to the group. There are various sounds of assent from the living room, and Clint gives them a thumbs-up, so the two of them take the elevator down to the garage.
“I’ll be back in an hour, sweetheart, I promise.”
When he walks into the kitchen, the rest of the team is already there, eating breakfast. Clint and Natasha have their protein shakes, Bruce has his oatmeal and black tea, and Thor and Steve are devouring massive stacks of pancakes and bacon.
Steve, at this point.
Bit of a shorter chapter, but also a plot-heavy one. Mind the updated tags, and I hope you enjoy!
Tony rolls his eyes at him and smiles. “I know you know what a frittata is, don’t play dumb.” He’s caught Steve watching those mind-numbing cooking show competitions too many times for him to believe that Steve doesn’t know.
It’ll be his 40th birthday soon, at which point he’ll have his full senior rights to the company which will let him rewrite the bylaws so that whoever he names as his successor won’t have to deal with this bureaucratic nonsense.
While Tony was salivating over the possibilities of fucking with Ty using this blonde, painfully athletic fool, the auction for the villa ended, someone else having taken it at the last second for $6.3 million. Tony is too enamored with Steve to care. There was probably something wrong with the place if the price was that low, anyways.
Steve and Tony go to brunch.
He’s busy trying to baste an absurd amount of seared scallops with garlic-infused butter while also keeping an eye on the Parmesan risotto and mixing up a third pitcher of Long Island iced tea when the gates open and a single car drives in.
“The same great-uncle that’s an oil baron in Texas?”
“I don’t know what’s gotten into you, but I can’t deal with it right now, I’m going to bed. Are you coming, or will you be staying up?”
Steve and Tony have a moment, and then the day takes a turn for the worse.
“What do you want?” Steve snaps.
order beef with a side of more beef?” Tony looks at Steve incredulously. Goddamn super-soldier protein demands, it’s a parody of itself sometimes.
Steve flushes, embarrassed. “Yeah, I guess so. Anything you feel like? You know I’ll eat anything except--”
hot.”
Tony snorts. “I’m sure he was. Now why do I need to sic my lawyers on him?”
Tiberius gets what's coming to him and Tony and Steve share a few moments.
“Oh honey, don’t worry about them, I’ll protect you from those vultures.”
Whew, another slightly longer update! Yet again this chapter got away from me. This week was a Lot for me (So. Many. Physics. Assignments.), so I'm just glad that I got this out on time. Hope you enjoy!
Before Steve can turn to look at who their -- evidently only -- guest is, Mr. Stone is bounding across the lawn, yelling “Rhodey! You showed up on time!” before embracing him in a hug and twirl.
In this one: Steve shows up, there are shenanigans with the pool, Jarvis is judgmental, and Ty is up to something.
“It’s not
“The very same. But he’s also a governor now, so I guess that helped.”
Tony lies with his head on top of Steve’s chest, blinking slowly.
They nearly trip on the stair runners as they make their way up to the second floor, and opening the door to one of the guest bedrooms is a seemingly insurmountable struggle.
Smut, then fluff.
“You look too good in that suit. We need to get you something that makes you look less attractive, or I can’t be held responsible for what I do at that gala.”
He steps out onto the platform, and Richard says the same thing to him -- that he needs everything hemmed and that his blazer makes him look like a Lego person. The fitting takes about fifteen minutes, with Steve eyeing him up the whole time.
And guess who married into this publicity nightmare? Tiberius Stone.
make it, because holy hell, the man is stunning. He went to school in Europe, though, which probably means he’s smart. Tony isn’t looking for smart, he needs young, dumb and gorgeous.
Surely it’d be better to just hide it away. He’d bought this without Steve even asking him to, without Steve even telling him if this was something he
ideas about how to do this without getting eviscerated by the Post for letting my marriage fail, let me know.”
WHEW WE'RE DONE LADS! I can't believe it, this is the longest thing I've ever written. Thank you to everyone who's read, left kudos, and commented. And a special thank you to my wonderful beta reader aisu_hawk, who put up with me procrastinating on writing chapters and tight deadlines.
The resolution and the
He knows that Sunset’s office is a dead zone; nothing he says here will make it back to anyone he knows, so he opens up readily.
A round of cackling follows, as does Mr. Stone yelling for Steve to bring them each another Long Island, this time with extra gin. Soon after, Steve becomes privy to more information.
So can you
remember. He remembers screaming at Tony about it for weeks, accusing Tony of not trusting him, of being the exact stereotype of a spoiled little rich boy that everyone thought he was. And he remembers dropping it after Tony told him that he’d give him enough money to build Stone Manor
In those 17 years of managing a floundering political career, his jackass of a husband has decided to basically stop pretending to give a shit about their marriage. Their last public appearance together was six years ago, and the man’s chronic headaches always conveniently show up whenever they manage to go to bed at the same time, so no sex, either.
Before Tony can save him by answering for him, Steve opens his mouth to say “Brooklyn, ma’am, but I went to SUNY Albany for college.” Oh God, he gave her extra information. This is going to be terrible.
On the inside, Tony is cackling with mad glee,
Tony glares at him stubbornly, which is unfairly adorable. “Entertaining! We could use it for dips!”
, ugh, I wanted to punch him in the face, I was so jealous.”
The man must be incredibly drunk. In all his time working here, Steve’s never seen Mr. Stone this out of it. Maybe he was a little heavy-handed with the gin in those cocktails.
The actual brunch is relatively tame from that point onward, with only Betty fishing for gossip and Rhodey easily able to curtail her with stories about Carol’s coworkers.
it’s not because of his looks, but Doms lie all the time. He’s gonna be stuck in this rat bastard’s house for a month and have to see what the other subs he brings in go through, and know that he can’t do anything to prevent it.
Comments and kudos are always appreciated <3
now, I’m not
He doesn’t bother reading any of the actual resumés, Jarvis can teach any idiot how to use fertilizer and mow the lawn. No, he skips right to the good part. He rejects a few based on their faces, and a lot more based on their asses and biceps. Finally, he’s narrowed it down to three that seem promising. This is when he gets into the letters.
I don't have anything to say for myself other than I was listening to a lot of My Chemical Romance while I was writing this and I think you can tell.
Everyone at the table is looking at them now, some with amusement, like Steve is a clumsy exotic pet that Tony’s getting to perform a trick, but Rhodey is watching intently, trying to see if Steve will pass some sort of esoteric, unbeknownst-to-him test.
After half an hour of looking at the (admittedly very limited) selection, Steve finds something that actually looks nice. It’s blue-toned silver and off-white, with a subtle scalloped pattern all over it, giving it a beachy feeling. The wedding’s taking place in New York, but both MJ and Peter love the ocean, so Steve thinks it’ll be perfect.
Tony won’t lie to himself and say he always had the most progressive views on subs. And he especially won’t try and say that his actions have spoken louder than his words. He spent a decade building up a reputation as the epitome of a sleazy coked-up Dom, and inspired more than one NYT bestselling tell-all novel about his bacchanalian weekends.
“Oh so
Maybe that’s his angle. Maybe that’s what gets a Dom like Tony Stark off; playing cruel mind games with everyone around him. Steve represses a shudder at the thought. The other man’s probably not even gonna come back down, or if he is, he’s coming back down with a chastity belt or nipple clamps or…
As the events of the day come back to him, he wants to fall back asleep, but he’s filled with too much nervous, directionless energy to do that, so he forces himself to get up and get a glass of water. He checks the clock on the table -- 1:48 AM. Hopefully there’s food in the fridge, because nothing nearby will be open.
. He has excellent taste. Soft, dusky red leather, with a dark fur lining to prevent bruising, and a small, burnished gold name tag attached to the front that has Steve’s name engraved on it in a serif font. The buckle on the back had to be steel, for durability, but it’s gold-plated. And the best part is the tiny, detachable bell that hooks underneath the nametag.
Steve, understanding of the situation, sits next to Tony and waits with him quietly. As the judge hands Tiberius Stone the sentence, 25 years in prison with a quarter of a million dollars in fines, Tony curls his free hand around Steve’s, and lets loose a breath that he’s been holding for the past 15 years.
“What’s going on in that pretty head of yours, hmm?”
, it’s Korean yeast, and it helps with my face’s microbiome.”
“The Mandarin? Who the hell is this guy?”
Uh huh. And he’s the Archbishop of Canterbury. Probably another one of Justin Hammer’s spies, but hey, he’s getting more creative. Points for style.
“Legally Blonde?” It’s the only movie he can remember right now. He feels unbelievably cared-for, and it’s making him feel all pleasant-fuzzy and tingly.
“Is anything on fire?” asks Tony, bringing in their one bag and setting it onto the kitchen island.
“It’s not flattery if it’s true,” Steve says with so much conviction that Tony has no choice but to believe him. His cheeks go a slight red before he regains his composure and laughs it off.
Speaking of his guest, Steve is scanning through the aperitif and starters menu, very obviously trying to find something that he recognizes. Jacqueline must sense his confusion like a shark senses blood in the water, because she takes this opportunity to ask “So, Steven, where are you from?”
very brave of her to wear that in public.
Like this, Steve can hear the other man’s heartbeat. It’s racing, like… like
“I would hope not,” Steve says, with a tone drier than the Sahara desert. God, he’s hot when he’s sarcastic.
Tony gets to the part of his letter about him going through anger management and learning to deal with his emotions to stay calm and rejects that one, as well. Tony needs someone he can play like a fiddle. He
Rhodey looks at him with sympathy, gives him a very familiar, “Oh, Tones.”
“Come on Richard, you can’t tell me you didn’t have your wild outfits back in the day,” says Steve, teasingly, as he steps into a fitting room stall to try on the suit. “Even
They end up walking out of the store having gotten their friends a wedding present, and nothing that they didn’t need, and Steve considers it a massive success.
“I’m not asking for you. I’m asking for me, and my own pride. JARVIS, look up all of the members of Steve’s unit, filter for anyone named Brock with a pattern of anger issues.”
Or, well, they would have gotten the full brunch menu, if Laurene, being the evil witch that she is, didn’t have the nerve to say “You can take those away, everyone here knows what they want, don’t we, ladies? Gentlemen?”
Tony blinks at him like he’s grown a second head. “But we designed it together, you said you loved it, I don’t- I don’t understand.”
Tony wakes up to Steve peppering his neck with soft kisses.
Tony rolls his eyes at his husband, “We’re married, Steve. I’m kind of a sure thing here, you don’t need to flatter me.” Steve
because it referenced Tony’s alma mater, MIT.
The second they’re back in the car, Steve pulls him into a heated kiss, taking him by surprise.
Tony nods, and then to bring the conversation back to something he’s actually comfortable talking about (vapid and inane gossip about their colleagues), he says, “Speaking of boytoys, did you hear about what happened with Victor at the Connecticut Smith’s party?”
“I don’t know, honeybunch, I think I’ve lost my touch. Remember college? I used to be able to pull half of frat row just by wearing the right shorts and doing some extra squats at the gym, and now look at me!” He drapes himself over his deck chair dramatically, like he’s fainted.
One of her hands slides down Ty’s back pocket, squeezes his ass, and slips him a business card. He gets up from the couch to take a better look at it.
“You’d do that for me?” Tony knows he’s fishing for sympathy, but in this moment, he feels like he deserves it.
“He promised me he wouldn’t cheat on me. That’s the one thing he promised to do and he did it anyway!”
This isn’t his apartment. He’s on a contract right now. With Tony Stark.
“I remember. But that doesn’t change the fact that I’m not allowed inside of The Palazzo because of you. Also, what kind of coffee table do you want?”
Steve nods, and Tony turns to head in and see what Ty’s decided to be mad about today, swaying slightly from the alcohol catching up with him. Or he would have, if his legs had decided to cooperate.
Tony takes one of the half-shells from the platter and hands it to Steve, who is staring at the shellfish like it might come back to life and try to kill him. “Well? Go on then, try it!”
Steve shakes his head, saying “You know I don’t fit in with any of them, with you and Mr. Rhodes. I’m just some loser who went to a state school and doesn’t know what ‘pleh-tew de fru de mar’ is. I’m just your gardener, pool boy, manual laborer, whatever.”
First chapter done! Stay tuned for the next one where Steve and Rhodey show up and Tony gets his flirting tips from The Game by Neil Strauss.
A healthy crowd of photographers have gathered by the doors of the restaurant by the time they get around to leaving, so Tony takes the opportunity to link arms with Steve as they walk out, sunglasses on and expression very carefully neutral. Multiple flashes go off, which makes Steve startle a bit and stumble slightly -- this lets him have Steve lean on him for support, something that will undoubtedly look enticing on the cover of a gossip rag.
He puts on a smile and looks at Steve with an expression that he hopes reads as ‘comforting,’ before telling him “We’ll start with oysters, a platter of Fischer’s Island. Get him…” he considers Steve’s physique and general lack of ability to distinguish good alcohol from bad, then says “The green juice plus a bowl of café au lait to drink.”
“Also, please excuse my friend. Rhodey’s been with me since college, and he usually doesn’t call people concubines to their faces.”
Steve chews on his lip, anxious. “I just… I made a fool of myself, didn’t I, Mr. Stone?”
“Come on, man. Why am I here, really? We don’t talk for months and suddenly you hired a… concubine? To be Jarvis’ understudy? And you want to start up the divorce again after you told me to drop it?”
on this one, this’ll be an interesting month, if nothing else.
He’s never seen Mr. Stone (Stark?) this animated in his month of working at the manor, and he’s more than surprised at the sting in his chest that comes from seeing him be so affectionate with someone else. The man is literally married, his mind very unhelpfully reminds him.
, as Steve stands back and lets Tony work his magic.
Steve rolls his eyes and heads to the now-familiar outdoor bar, grabbing a chilled glass from the miniature fridge, happy to forget about his harrowing day and get back to work.
“Someone’s been watching too much HGTV,” Steve teases, as they head to their next destination: Bed Bath and Beyond. Peter’s finally tying the knot with MJ, and their wedding registry is extensive.
The next chapter *might* be a day or so late just because I'm working on a fic for Lights on Park Avenue and I have a ton of stuff going on for school, apologies in advance! I hope you liked this chapter :D Comments and kudos always appreciated <3
Oh. Of course. Mr. Stone wasn’t actually trying to seduce him, he has… a successful husband. Generational wealth. The love and adoration of the press. He doesn’t need Steve.
. I read Christine Everhart’s memoir about you in my Submissives in Modern Literature class back in college.”
“Well, we need a new coffee table because
The server brings around their menus, and asks if they’d like an explainer for the pastries. Steve looks like he wants to ask for one, but Laurene waves him off, telling him “Just ask Tony, he’ll explain it to you,” that
Next update will be on 7/13!
Richard, however, scoffs at Steve, saying, “Well, we’ll certainly need to hem everything, and add some darts so you don’t look like you’ve got a crate for a body.”
He considers waking Steve up, but....
“Morning, sleepyhead. You ready for errand day?”
Both of them start laughing again, and Steve feels like he isn’t in on the joke, but he’s mortified at how turned-on he is at the idea of being Mr. Stone’s secret lover.
Just took a medical anatomy midterm and I did? Okay? On it? Perhaps? Anyways I hope you enjoy this chapter!
He’s almost offended. Ty is not only sleeping around, but he’s sleeping around with someone who doesn’t even have good taste. The least he could do is find someone that doesn’t buy their beauty supplies from the convenience store’s clearance section.
But really, it was done on the off-chance that people would slowly forget that he was a Stark in-law, a fact that had been murdering his polling numbers until only very recently. This new crop of young voters, born shortly after the entire shitshow, would be his ticket to power.
Steve pulls Tony close to him, hands on his waist. “Entertaining, huh? Who are we bringing over?”
problem. Tony raps his knuckles against the surface, and looks up at Steve, having confirmed what he’d thought.
scandal. The press had mostly talked about how good he’d looked, and how he was setting trends for men’s fashion everywhere.
Both Tony and Rhodey are well-versed in the art of staggering up stairs while drunk, courtesy of their wild nights out at MIT (and by wild nights, Tony means sneaking into bars and seeing how many drinks they could convince sorority girls to buy for them). That doesn’t mean that it’s easy to get them both up the stairs and Rhodey into a spare bedroom.
“Tony, I want one, where’d you find him? Do they sell more of him on JamesEdition?”
Steve gets punished, and then talks are had.
See, I told you it was worth it to just stay in New York! You may be mentally and emotionally fulfilled by your career but I’m the one that knows that there are photos of Latverian royalty getting a lap dance from a male stripper on several people’s phones!
Tony gets a little misty-eyed, thank God for his sunglasses. “Have I ever told you that you’re an amazing friend and that I owe you my firstborn?”
So maybe that’s why he rehearses what he’d say to Tony in their hypothetical argument on his way down to the kitchen, along with what he imagines Tony would say, and his witty comebacks to what pretend-Tony would say. And that’s why he’s livid and muttering angrily under his breath as he dispenses some ice into his glass and fills it with cold water.
“Always. You want your collar?”
Steve didn’t know what he expected when he signed up for this job, but it certainly wasn’t being kissed by his boss in the backseat of his car.
I am... SO sorry that I didn't update yesterday like I said I would. College is currently swamping me in assignments. This week seemed to be the worst of it, though, so I should be able to get the next one up on Thursday like I said I would!
“So, I was thinking-”
,” the Dom says tersely, narrowing his eyes at Steve even as he pours out two mugs of hot cocoa and leads the two of them into the living room again.
Sidenote: Medical anatomy is a fun class but it's exhausting. Ugh.
. Got a text the next morning telling me that he’d ended our contract and reported me to the General.”
He tries to get up, but Steve’s arm wraps around him, and his husband whines at him, wordlessly asking him to stay. It’s adorable, but Tony is
The other man fully gasps at that, as does Steve, which earns him a sharp look from Mr. Stone, and a, “Are you listening in on our very important business conversation? Go get me another drink, and bring us something to eat.”
Before Steve has a chance to answer, the server comes back with their oyster platter, everyone’s mimosa refills, and Steve’s green juice and coffee.
“He’s cheating on me. You know that’s why I called, right?”
Steve starts stammering, “M-Mr. Stone, I don’t understand? You’re married, and--” Tony’s had enough of playing mind games with this one. He doesn’t just want Steve, he’s
why he screams when he hears footsteps behind him.
Tony Stark became Anthony Stone when he was 20 years old. Tiberius had insisted on the name change. Something about a show of unity that would look good for his political career.
“Oh my, I
(See the end of the chapter for
“How about this one?” Steve calls over to him, pointing out a small, round table that would fit perfectly in their living room, except for one
“Fifteen-across is adrenaline.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve feels something in him crack, and there are tears stinging his eyes without his permission. “What do I want? I want out of this contract! I want a Dom who won’t throw me away when I start dropping! I want my stupid dishonorable discharge removed! I want to get a real job! I want my ex-Dom in jail! I--” and suddenly he’s on the floor, sobs wracking his body. He hates this, he hates this stupid contract and he hates Tony’s concern for him and he hates every little decision he ever made that led him to this point.
“Well, what do you wanna watch?” Tony asks, lying down on the couch directing Steve to lie down with him, nestled close to his chest.
“Hey Rhodey, it’s me. Can you come over tomorrow? Bring the divorce paperwork.”
“I don’t want to sleep, either!”
(See the end of the chapter for
, isn’t that amazing?” Tony waves over a store associate to discuss buying it, getting it delivered, and do they have other color options for the felt inside, yes burgundy would be
Steve and Tony pick up Steve's new collar.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Mr. Stone, you’re still talking to yourself.”
Seemingly satisfied, the other man turns around and promptly passes out in the grass.
“Tony, what do you think of this?” Steve calls out to his husband, who’s become distracted by the cookware sets. Tony turns at the sound of his name, still holding a red stainless steel pan.
in the past ten years, staying out of the public eye, multiple stints in rehab, and keeping his desires to himself have earned him a modicum of goodwill. Apparently not.
Ivy? Poor dear, it’s a good thing his father owns 51% of the firm, I don’t know where he’d end up otherwise.”
him for two hours.
Steve, for the hundredth time that day, flushes bright red. He can’t ever let Mr. Stone find out exactly what he was doing, he’d be fired in an instant. He goes with a half-truth instead.
“I got you roses,” says Ty, in that insufferable smug tone of his, like he’s done Tony any favors by bringing him perishable and delicate flowers that he’s allergic to into the house. Tony wonders what he’s trying to butter him up for this time.
“Yes, but those are breakfast drinks, Steven, now it’s time for my afternoon cocktail.” Tony says this like it's obvious, and Steve's the idiot for not intuiting this information.
Second, you probably noticed the "Minor Violence" tag added! I personally don't think it's too bad, but read with caution!
“Neither, it was rayon, I was sweating every single night.” Steve steps out of the fitting room and onto the small platform in front of the large mirrors to take a look at himself. Tony thinks that he looks downright
“I don’t want your collar.” It’s better to be upfront about this and not drag it on.
“Oh, honey look, the top comes off! It doubles as
Once they’ve arranged for their new table to be delivered and put together next week, they head back to their car, with Tony more excited than Steve’s seen him in a while.
if he doesn’t get to see Steve wearing a see-through corset or a delicate chemise.
Out of his peripheral vision, he sees one of Ty’s cars pull out of the garage and speed down the street, probably off to complain to one of his friends about his bitch of a husband who doesn’t do anything to help him and is deliberately sabotaging his career.
“His name was Brock, which--”
“Oh my God! Mr. Stone? Mr. Stone wake up!” Steve rushes out to him, trying to shake him awake, and when that doesn’t work, turn him over onto his side.
The tailor works his magic, pinning and marking the material to subtly accentuate Steve’s best features. While Steve’s fitting is happening, Tony slips into his own suit, a wine-red number that a lovely designer from Armani had sent him. He thinks he looks decent, but a good tailoring will make him look stunning.
“Thor was
“It was only two years.”
“Your blushing is very endearing,” Tony tells him, kindly. His sunglasses are off, and he’s grinning from ear to ear. Steve doesn’t know if he’s ever seen eyes that shade of blue before.
“Damn, Stark, you sure know how to treat your boytoys,” apparently he’s been openly staring this whole time and now his best friend is mocking him, how dare he.
Absolutely not, I’m going to hunt him down and shoot him myself
“The best,” Steve confirms, and holds Tony close as they drift off to sleep together.
His husband, the rat bastard, is about three hours away from coming home, so Tony has some time to think. He could yell and scream, which would make him feel better in the short term, sure, but he has to think about the long term.
He emails the lucky candidate back, congratulating him and asking him to start on Monday, 8 AM sharp, and lets his auto-reply algorithm take care of the rest. After a long, hard day of figuring out step one of his revenge, he leaves a message for an old friend before heading to bed.
“No, we
plush blanket. He glances up at the ceiling and says “J, gimme the home movie studio configuration,” and the wall across from the couch splits to reveal an enormous TV screen.
“Hi,” Tony says. He’s looked better; the dark circles under his eyes are prominent, and there’s something dark and greasy-looking staining his hands and stuck under his fingernails.
So just like last time, Tony plasters on his most sympathetic smile and says “Of course I can, but just manage your expectations a little, okay? It’s a big company and they don’t let a lot of other people advertise at their events.”
He hears Mr. Stone’s husband yelling from inside the house, but Mr. Stone doesn’t move. Just looks vaguely annoyed and asks Steve if he’s okay with still working at the manor, which he obviously is. He needs money, and aside from days like this, the job is pretty low-stress.
broke it during game night.”
“I’m well aware, and you know how much I hate the Smiths because they’re all in bed with the gerrymandering snakes in the legislature.”
Tony, being a mind-reader, replies, “Did they now? Well,
“Then what
need someone that will talk him out of this admittedly very petty plan.
“Someone who knows how to get things done. This probably won’t get through your thick skull, so I’ll have my people call you. You know how angry you were when you found out that Howard had locked you out of Anthony’s trust fund?”
“Steven? Steve? You with me, honey?” He shifts into the voice he used to use with his one-night stands, soft and gentle. He brushes a few errant hairs out of Steve’s face. Which makes him stir a little bit.
“Well… yeah. I mean, not all Doms or whatever, but like. You’re
Tony tries to make his shower as quick as possible, leaving in his conditioner for only ten minutes, and when he gets out, leaving in his hair mask for only fifteen. He tugs on his sleeping robe, made of soft, thin red silk, and goes to rejoin his husband.
“No! He hurt you, you were in that contract for God-knows how long--”
Well, that’s both concerning and relieving. Steve moves to start kissing Tony again, but the driver (Happy? His name can’t actually be Happy) tells him to “Keep it in your pants unless you wanna pay for the cleaning, I swear to God, this car costs more than your old house. You sure know how to pick ‘em, Tony."
Steve imagines the satisfying weight against his neck, the soft warmth of the fur lining, the feeling of Tony closing the clasp around his neck. He wants it more than anything. “Yes, Sir.”
Steve’s eyes fall shut, and he dreams of being held and cherished.
This, for some reason, doesn’t make Steve less tense, but he doesn’t have time to consider it as the server looks at him intently.
“Did you hear that the Milligans couldn’t get their son into Andover?”
Steven wrinkles his nose at that. Tony doesn’t blame him, nobody wants to deal with his relationship drama, least of all himself. “Look, I get paid either way, so are you gonna fuck me or not? I’m stuck with you for the month, anyways.” The
Betty passes around her phone so everyone can look at the monstrosity that Jeff’s now-wife decided to wear to their wedding, and Tony has to agree, it
The entire table laughs at that, including Steve, who’s looking moderately less sulky. The sulk returns, however, when their server takes away their now-empty plate of oysters, refills their drinks, and brings them the full brunch menu.
use this garish, neon pink, Crayola-esque monstrosity on himself. Maybe he’d buy it for Pepper, as a joke, but never for himself. The same principle applies to the sickly-sweet burnt caramel perfume that’s permeated the coat.
Tony decides the best way to do this is to distract Steve, who at this point is looking more than a bit uncomfortable. He’s… pouting? The expression he’s making can be best described as pouting. Engaging him in a conversation might make him pout less, and will have the added benefit of making anyone who interrupts them look jealous and desperate for attention.
“Alright,” he nods, then says “but if this goes tits-up and I end up rotting in a cell, I want you to pass that anti-union bill that I wrote.”
“Didn’t you just have like, three mimosas?” Tony’s alcohol consumption is worrying to say the least. How is he not perpetually drunk?
“I heard Bucky and Sam are getting a house together,” says Steve, showing Tony the listing on his phone.
After their lunch break, they head back over to their car, and head to their last stop of the day, Tony’s personal tailor, to get their suits for the upcoming charity gala altered.
Something that nobody knows about Rhodey except for Tony is that he was responsible for at least half of their exploits at MIT. So when Rhodey whispers a suggestion into his ear, well, Tony isn’t exactly surprised, but he is reminded of exactly why they’re best friends.
WHEW, I believe that THIS is the final chapter of this fic! Thank you to everyone who read, gave kudos, commented, and in general went along for the ride. A special thank you to aisu-hawk for being the best beta one could ever ask for, and to the 616 SteveTony discord server for giving me ideas when I was stuck. See y'all in the next one!
Steve and Tony talk about a couple of things.
“Well hello there, little lady! It’s been a while, how’s fifth grade treating you?”
Steve, somehow, feels his cheeks heat up even more at the way Mr. Stone’s legs are splayed and how he can see his entire thigh with how his robe is riding up. He tells himself he isn’t running away as he excuses himself to the cottage.
but he still loves this game of theirs, where Tony plays the coy damsel and lets Steve be the strapping hero.
Steve hefts Mr. Stone up onto his shoulder and carries him through the back door. Tiberius leads him up the stairs, directs him to the master bedroom (“all the way at the end of the hallway, next to the portrait of us together”), and then disappears down a corridor to “work on something.”
his father, didn’t he
Sunset runs her nails through his hair, and he leans into the touch. “What are you angry about today, dear?” she croons into his ear, breath tickling his neck.
Up next: the fallout of this chapter.
Sorry for missing yesterday's update! I had a circuits exam which was. Not fun. Don't do engineering.
“I yield! I yield!” Tony says, before her elbow can catch him in the stomach. He relinquishes the candy bar, and Emily smirks at him like she’s won, because she has.
Richard comes out from the backroom, holding Steve and Tony’s suits. “I thought it was you, who else would be feeding my granddaughter sugar this late in the day?”
Comments and kudos ALWAYS appreciated! I read and appreciate them all, even if I have no time to respond!
is the last thing that crosses Tony’s mind about Ty as he calls for Jarvis to bring him some wine, and settles back into his lounge chair to read about how Alex and Richard survived their trip to Moscow.
When Steve wakes up, it’s with a jolt. He’s covered in sweat, the TV is still running, and he doesn’t know where he is or what time it is. He flails around for his alarm clock, and notices that the end table is on the wrong side, and that the ceilings are too high, and…
Rhodey passes out immediately once he’s in bed, and Tony makes a note to have Jarvis bring up some Advil and water for him later. Now, though? He needs to somehow make it back down the stairs and apologize to Steve on behalf of both Rhodey and himself.
“He said Stark gave him a
be brave enough to wear something like that if I knew there would be pictures!”
School is still kicking my ass and I've had next to no time to write, but I'm still here >:)
Tony looks at the plate with awe, and Steve feels a smug pride inside of him.
When they all
He’s being cheated on. There’s some cheap, waxy lipstick on Ty’s coat, which means he’s being cheated on.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I think we’re well past last names, Steve. Call me Tony,” he says, before he brings their lips together in a heated kiss.
The villa’s price has jumped up to $4 million. Someone else apparently needs it more than Tony, which is frankly impossible. Tony ups the ante and bids $6 million. Surely no one else is going to top him.
Rhodey gives him a lopsided, very drunk smile. “Of course, Tones. Us Real Housewives have to stick together.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve reluctantly thanks him, because his mother raised him right, and slips on the clothes. They’re soft, obviously well-worn, and a little tight, but not uncomfortable. While he was getting dressed, his Dom was in the kitchen heating something up.
Steve follows the smell of warm cinnamon and vanilla and sees Tony Fucking Stark making hot chocolate. With real chocolate, of course, because he’s Tony Fucking Stark.
, I-”
“And. And one night, he had me tied up in bed, and I was mad that day, so I guess you could say it was my fault, I kept egging him on, you know I’m kind of an asshole. And he just. Snapped. Ignored all of my safewords, dislocated my shoulder, broke a couple of my ribs, and left me there. I got out of the ropes after tugging on them for
Taking his mug with him, he takes his private elevator up to his penthouse, and walks into the bedroom, setting his mug down gently on the side table to not wake Steve up. An episode of some horrible cooking reality show is playing, and by the looks of it, Steve had watched a few episodes before falling asleep.
felony record. Now, ex-Dom?”
Tony’s barely paying attention to the movie. He’s been keeping an eye on Steven the whole time, and sometime in between the leading girl being mean to a store clerk and the leading girl crying in a restaurant, he ended up with an armful of completely-under submissive. That’s no good, because he
They pull into the front gate, and Tony makes a beeline for the pool. “Get me a martini, will you?” He calls out, already reclining on one of the pool chairs.
dress, I mean, I could
Speaking of that… he checks his phone, and finds two texts, one from the tailor and one from Jan. Steve’s clothes, collar, and
“Oh shit, how did I not notice that?”
When they walk back into the common floor, everything is suspiciously peaceful, which sets Steve on edge. There’s a sticky note on the fridge in Clint’s messy handwriting that says “out of the tower until 10, at Coney Island, have fun mom & dad xoxo,” which… is very considerate of them. He reminds himself to go easy on Clint the next time they spar.
Tiberius is a scumbag, a breakout is staged, and Tony and Steve have a moment together.
He says as much, but Steve’s brain must not be all the way functional yet, because he says, “Can I come with you?”
Tony’s breath of laughter tickles his neck. “Okay, sweetheart. Sleep.”
After a month of having the posting up, Tony sifts through the applications on his tablet while also monitoring an auction he’s participating in; someone is foolishly selling a lovely Tuscan villa for only $2.2 million and he needs it.
“Hey, you know how everyone knows that Galina is a mail-order bride?”
Tony, right? He hates the man for ruining his life, but not enough to kill him over it, surely?
, it’s not my fault--” Tony’s heard this exact argument before and he still doesn’t care.
Tony helps Steve to his feet and starts to lead Steve into a guest bedroom, but thinks better of it. He doesn’t want Steve to wake up alone in the morning, that would just be proving everyone right; that he doesn’t know how to care for a sub. So he swallows down his nerves and takes Steve to his own suite, where he lays him down onto the mattress and covers him with the comforter. Then, he grabs a second blanket from his linen closet for himself, just to reduce the temptation to
to get away from Howard’s legacy?
. And it’s not like he’ll
There’s a box on the table, too. It looks like the one his mother kept her only set of pearls in, matte black velvet. It definitely wasn’t there before, so out of curiosity he opens it.
“Who said anything about doing a scene? I meant to
Tony brushes a piece of hair out of his face, and nods. “Okay. So next item… dishonorable discharge?”
Apparently, being watched inspires something in the other man, because he douses the oyster in lemon and sucks it down in one gulp, swallowing aggressively and scrunching up his face and nose as the briny taste hits him. Tony hears Laurene barely conceal her laughter, while Betty and Jacqueline aren’t even trying to do the same, openly laughing.
Steve doesn’t exactly know why Mr. Stone had Jarvis and Ana take the day off, but he’s definitely planning on complaining. They’re “receiving guests” today, which means he’s in charge of preparing food and drinks in addition to his usual work.
Oh. So it runs deeper than common embarrassment, then. Tony doesn’t handle feelings too well, but for Steve… for Steve he’ll make an effort.
After, they’re lying on the couch that Sunset has in her waiting room, door locked to prevent her secretary from coming in and seeing them both half-dressed. He’s smoking one of her imported cigars, the kind that Tony’s asshole butler won’t let him keep in the house because they ‘irritate Master Tony’s asthma,’ like that’s a real thing that Tony has. No, Tiberius thinks bitterly, it’s probably just another thing Tony made up because he hates seeing him happy.
The problem was, Ty wasn’t, and still isn’t, a good politician. He isn’t a good husband, either. Tony has spent countless nights cursing Ty’s limp dick, his gin breath, and his adamant refusal to learn the most basic facts about the man he’s been sleeping next to for over a decade. At this point, Tony might vote for Sunset Bain out of spite, not just because she’s going to win in a landslide.
Rhodey, bless him, redirects her focus away from Steve with a “While we’re on the subject of college, did you hear that Harwell's son ended up at Brown?”
“That’s not all, though! Apparently, she got so mad at him that the next time she made him his drink, she put arsenic in it, and that’s why he’s on an ‘extended vacation.’ He’s not on vacation, he’s in the hospital!”
Steve sighs, obviously still convinced that he’s in the right but unwilling to continue the debate. “Anything with dark wood, it’ll match the couches better.”
It’s those two words that cause Steve to relax into Tony’s hold. He presses close against the other man’s chest and lets Tony wrap his arms around his torso. That’s when he feels the heady sensation of subspace creep up on him.
When they arrive, Laurene, with very wide eyes, waves them over to their usual private table, with her, Betty, Jacqueline, and Rhodey. Bringing Steve has already had the intended effect.
“As ready as I’ll ever be. Gimme… ten minutes and I’ll be downstairs.” He hops out of bed, gives Steve a quick kiss, and dashes into their en suite. Ten minutes is less than a sixth of the time his normal beauty regime requires, but for Steve, he’ll make it work.
Steve beams at him, taking a long sip of his chocolate milkshake. “At least I’m eating actual food, what did you get again?”
Steve snorts, and finishes the last of his breakfast. Tony does the same, and they help each other tidy up the kitchen, with Steve handwashing the pans and Tony loading the dishwasher.
, he’s sipping a large glass of his favorite rosé at ten o’clock in the morning while listening to the television broadcast of his ex-husband being tried for insurance fraud, kidnapping, and conspiracy to commit murder.
“Hey, I tried digging around for anything larger, but I think Rhodey stole all of those back, so I’ve got medium sweatpants and a large sweatshirt. Sorry about that, we’ll go shopping in the morning.”
Steve heads back to the grill to pack up at least half of the ribs as leftovers for his own lunch and dinner, when he hears Mr. Stone and Mr. Rhodes talking animatedly about something, and well, he can’t help but eavesdrop on the conversation.
He ignores the second part of the question and focuses on the first. “No, you’re way too busy for me, you made that extremely clear.”
Steve and Tony enjoy Steve's lingerie.
Fuck. His collar. The one Tony got for him.
He’s not proud of it, but he’d like to think that at
Steve and Tony spend a day in the office.
The other man turns to address him and snaps at him, “Well, don’t just sit there, get him inside. I assume his friend will be staying over, seeing as they both can’t handle their liquor?”
The picture of both of the Stones stares at him when he exits the bedroom, both of them looking regal and severe in their matching suits and cold expressions. He tamps down on his emotions and tells himself that any flirtation he picked up on from Mr. Stone was entirely his imagination running wild.
get a hot, rich Dom who makes me come?”
Steve laughs at that, “Honey, what are we gonna use it for? None of us celebrate Passover!”
Richard is a greying old man with a slight curve to his back, and he’s been working for the Starks since the 70s, with his father working for them since the 40s. Tony sees Richard’s son and granddaughter at the desk, and greets them like the close family friends they are, starting with the youngest member of the bunch.
Did I say that out loud? Jesus, I’m never drinking a Long Island again.
And finally, the icing on the cake is that Tony Stark doesn’t even think he’s good enough to fuck! He
He heads back into the living room and collects the abundance of bags and boxes containing Steve’s new wardrobe, and pays special attention to a black felt-covered box with a white silk ribbon around it. Steve’s collar.
This chapter took a Herculean effort to write. I had a lot of fun with it though. I hope you enjoy!
Steve rolls his eyes. “Because I was poor, wanted money for college, and it was either the military or a shady dating website for lonely, rich Doms who want pictures of my feet.”
He leaves the other man on the couch and heads to his bedroom. He can get more clothes in the morning, but for tonight a pair of sweatpants and an oversized hoodie should do the trick.
Tony sighs. “Steve, for fuck’s sake, you’re making no sense right now, and we’re both clearly upset. Come to bed, we can talk about this in the morning.”
Steve cuts Tony off with a deep kiss. When they break for air, he says, “No, you’re not. I need you to stay with me.”
. He’ll resign from SADA, get a boring dead-end job that doesn’t care about the dishonorable discharge on his record, and find some boring Dom at the same job who makes just enough money to let the two of them afford a two-bedroom apartment in the semi-decent part of Brooklyn.
Finally, there’s Steve Rogers. First of all, Steve was a frat boy who studied at SUNY Albany, immediately marking him as a meathead whose mind is semi-coherent at best, and worse after a few Bud Lights. Steve is also a football star who couldn’t go pro. The implied sustained brain damage suits his needs perfectly. Lastly, Steve thought it was appropriate to say that he ended his last serious relationship and quit his last job all at the same time, and is looking for a fresh start.
on your face?” Steve looks mildly horrified, but Tony is just happy that he can still surprise his husband even after all these years.
Before Howard Stark sold weapons to the US government during a wildly unpopular war, before Obadiah Stane was arrested for embezzling, insider trading, and fraud, before they made that frigid fucking
They settle into comfortable back-and-forth chatter, the conversation flowing from topic to topic. Tony’s usually so conscious of the passing of time, especially with how many deadlines he has to keep track of, but a whole hour and a half elapses without him once thinking “we need to get going.”
Oh no, Tony will
like the kind of man you cheat on your husband with.
I apologize in advance! Nobody has a good time this chapter! Least of all the author!
Their food arrives, and like any good married couple, they take a relatively private meal as time to gossip about everyone else in their lives.
Tony thinks, as he asks Steve “Have you ever had oysters, dear?”
us with the bathroom counters if you would stop slathering so much goo on your face.”
Ty snorts, takes a sip of his scotch, then says the best thing he could say: “What do you mean by ‘we’? You do it. I’m busy right now with my campaign, you know this.”
“Mr-- Tony. Tony we can’t do this, I mean, it’s not that I don’t
There’s a profound silence for a fraction of a second, where Tony looks like he might be sick and Rhodey looks like the last thing he’s going to do is apologize.
He blinks, and then seems to remember where he is before saying, “Steve, I’m here to apologize for my behavior. It was unbecoming of me.”
Up next: Ty gets a chance to explain himself and Steve gets dragged to brunch.
Comments and kudos always appreciated! Find me on tumblr as @theotherwasdeath!
“I regret to inform you that you have your quarterly fiscal review tomorrow at 9:30 AM,” intones JARVIS in his usual slightly-sarcastic British cadence. “In addition, you appear to have neglected your visitor.”
“Well, that’s not the
Time passed by so fast that Tony could barely believe it when the sky had turned all kinds of fiery colors, the sun setting behind the tree tops.
“Little Iron Man,” grumbled the werewolf, “you seem to have strayed off the path. Just where does your godmother live, that you’d find yourself on this side of the woods?”
The scent of thyme and chamomile had filled the room, coming from the two opened jars Steve had put on the table alongside the mugs. Steve himself was humming quietly when Tony joined him near the hearth. The smile he gave Tony was strangely shy, and his eyes took him in as if he was liking what he was seeing, his glance lingering on Tony’s moist and curled hair. Steve’s cheeks reddened endearingly as he seemed to realize Tony had caught him staring, and he went back to poking the fire.
Then, infuriatingly, Tony sets a hand on the back of Steve’s neck and squeezes gently. “You’re tense,” he whispers.
(See the end of the chapter for
Thank you to Desdaemona and LovelyIKnow on Discord for the beta!
Third, if you're attached to Steve and want to see him have good things, um. Stay tuned?
They keep looking, and eventually they find one that they both like: it’s twice as big as the first one they looked at, and ten times as expensive, but Tony’s in love.
“What was that for?” Tony asks, slightly dazed, as Steve pulls back.
Tony scoffs at that, says “Tiberius couldn’t find his way to his own stylist if we didn't have Happy. Trust me, he won’t know. Plus, I’m nearly certain that he’s been having his own little dalliance with someone who’s far less expensive than I am, so I truly can’t bring myself to care.”
, he’s been trying to not act like he’s some freshly-pubescent Dom that’s overcome with sheer lust, and he’s made sure to not push for anything too hard, but he’s dying to see Steve in this. It’ll look so much better around Steve’s neck than in a jewelry box.
He can’t help himself, so he takes a peek inside, slipping the ribbon off.
Jacqueline gasps, says “Oh, my husband
“We can talk about them being snakes later, but I have to tell you that Victor was having quite a bit of fun with the hired entertainment at the event. It was so nice of the Smiths to support local businesses like The Meat Locker!”
Rhodey looks openly shocked about that; they both know that publicly, Victor Von Doom is both incredibly heterosexual, incredibly homophobic if Latverian penal codes are anything to go by, and incredibly happy in his marriage to the daughter of a wealthy marquess.
Peter and MJ, remember? We’re angling for cool uncles and frequent babysitters status. We’re not giving them an ugly seder plate for their wedding.”
Rhodey pulls him into a full-bodied hug as Tony lets himself be weak for five minutes. His mascara is going to be ruined, but he can’t bring himself to care.
“Carol’s been so busy this past year, she finally got some time off so we can think about starting a family. We’re just waiting for this election season to wrap up, and we’ll start trying after the last charity gala of the year. That’s SI’s this time around, right?”
Okay, so I might have cooked way too much food and made way too many cocktails.
This is, functionally, an excuse for me to write about Tony being thotty and Steve being a himbo. Hope you like it!
“We need more pots.”
“But this one is by Rachael Ray! You love Rachael Ray!”
Steve is fucking
Steve shakes his head at him, laughing. “You and your expensive tastes. Alright, we’ll go look for
Mr. Rhodes snorts at that, commenting, “How very in-character for him,” while finishing off his second drink in only a few minutes.
Of course he read the one that implied he was keeping a fucking harem, like this is the 16th century and he’s a king surrounded by consorts.
“--except very spicy or very sweet,” Tony finishes, and then thinks for a minute. “There’s always Leonardo’s for pizza if we can’t find anything, but we had that a few days ago.”
