Before either one of them could pull the trigger, someone shot the gun out of Natasha’s hand and another yelled, “Stand down!”
Tony watched them go uneasily. Watching them was a constant reminder of what Schmidt was doing to Steve…and that his soulmate may very well be like Barnes by the time they reached him.
“I don’ wanna promise…Don’t do this,” Peter gasped.
The robot finally lifted its gaze and met Steve’s eyes. Without breaking contact, it murmured, “Lead the way.”
He brought her to the edge with just his mouth and then stopped. Natasha made an incoherent form of protest but James crawled up her body and kissed her so she could taste herself on his lips. He whispered into her mouth, “I want to come with you.”
Steve shouldn’t be surprised. The thing probably knew all of their histories but he still felt shocked by its correct deduction and the abrupt change in Sneaky’s mannerism. He replied, “Yes, yes, he’s the one. Do…Do you know him in the future?”
Tony’s bloody hand lifted as if to ward off the Goblin but it dropped before it could touch him. It was enough though to show he was alive and Steve launched himself across the distance separating them.
“Holy shit, it was not a dream,” Tony gasped, his hand continued to grope Steve’s behind as if he was making sure it was real. Steve blushed as he remembered Tony praising and fondling his ass all last night. The man seemed to have an unhealthy obsession with his posterior…not that Steve minded…
Tony winced at the stoic tenor to his friend’s voice and replied, “Yeah…Yeah it is…”
Peter couldn’t stop his lip from wobbling as his elation pushed a surge of relief and joy through him.
Steve looked down at himself as was surprised to see himself encased in the Iron Patriot’s armor. He moved his arm and the armor grudgingly budged. If he did not have superior strength, the heavy armor would have been impossible to move. He stiffly made his way over to Pepper and asked, “Where are we?!”
How much of his body had been left after the explosion? By the lack of a tux, he guessed there was not enough for an open casket. It seemed he was more indestructible than he ever thought possible. How much of his remains were needed for his healing factor to work?? Could he ever die? The last thought was extremely unnerving but he pushed it away to mull over for another day.
Tony pushed his friend aside and stalked up to the Winter Soldier. He ripped his cell phone out of his pocket and turned it on to display the image of his lock screen. The picture was of Steve, smiling bashfully at the camera, but smiling happily all the same.
in New York was invited. It was so crowded, Peter felt like he was at the beach on the first weekend of summer. His dad had rented the convention center to throw the party and the building was so large Peter could barely see the other side but, somehow, it was packed. He knew everyone who worked in the Tower was invited and then some but…this was crazy.
But, with Bucky, that brave façade disappeared and a weariness slumped his shoulders like a heavy burden. Alone, he poured out all his worries to Bucky about his former lover.
Tony glared at the young man the entire time, causing Steve to glare at Tony. It wasn’t this kid’s fault he needed to collect samples from Steve.
“Yes, Sam…He-He would be good for you,” Tony stated looking off to the side.
Steve used Cable’s credit card and got himself some running shoes and clothes and was soon daily running down the PCH and through the many meandering canyons of Malibu. The dry heat of California was nothing compared to the muggy, humid heat he was used to in New York. Paired with the cool breeze coming off the Pacific, he felt like he could run forever.
He turned to Tony and seriously stated, “Peter and I need a place to stay and I was hoping your offer still stands.”
Wade ran his hands down Peter’s body and Peter moved with his touch, encouraging him along. Wade murmured, “You’re even more so.” He kissed him again before he could rebut the comment.
He spotted the crowd gathering and the flashing lights of the two police vehicles. Jarvis focused his cameras on the perpetrator and the knife he was wielding around. Tony flew up behind him and shot the knife from his hand with rubber bullets before the man even noticed him.
Seeing Tony so soon after this…it left a bad taste in his mouth.
Steve jumped to his feet with a grin, he knew that jerk’s voice anywhere. He turned around to find Bucky and Natasha standing at the lab entrance with their luggage.
The Sandman was no match for Tony and his blasters. He tried to crush Tony with his massive hand but Tony merely needed to point his thrusters at him to stop him and turn the sand into glass. He whittled away to nothing until he was just as weakened man, feebly trying to crawl away.
Tony grinned and joked, “We’ll just have to get some practice in before the big reveal.”
Bucky looked back to his friend and hesitated before stating, “Not right now. When – When I’m ready, I’ll come to you.”
The future was undecided.
Tony chuckled wetly and whispered, "I said open your eyes not your mouth, dummy..."
“Gluten-free waffles, Sir,” Jarvis replied dryly to Tony.
“This is worse than torture,” Tony groaned, falling back onto the trodden grass. “And I’ve actually been tortured so I am sort of an expert in these things…”
“Of course, Cap,” Dum Dum gently replied.
Tony broke the kiss with a happy sigh and, when he opened his eyes, Steve still had his eyes closed like he expected Tony to keep kissing him. Tony smiled sweetly at his super soldier and teasingly reminded him, “The bedroom.”
“No one else is going to be changing the face of biological science but
Tony shook his head and mumbled, “He probably doesn't even know I exist…”
Bucky loved him, really loved him and was depending on him. Steve loved Tony and Tony loved him but he was not too fond of Bucky. What if keeping Bucky around drove him away? And what about Natasha? She hated Bucky with a passion. Would his trying to help his friend break apart the team?
They all spoke at once, their voices merging into one large noise that was utterly indistinguishable.
Tony went to do his duties with Panzer and Steve was about to go to his room to drop off the coal when Tony suddenly pinched his arm again. He whispered, “I’ll see you later…”
Tony jerked and Steve’s hold on his knee tightened as Tony demanded, “
“Sounds like a dream come true,” Steve whispered truthfully.
When the plane plummeted from the sky, Steve placed his hand over his zeroed out implant and he wondered if he had a soulmate waiting for him in heaven standing beside Bucky and his mate. They would be happy and smiling and he would finally be complete.
“…Yes…I found it…mixed in with my dad’s old notes,” Stark supplied slowly.
happen….” Tony carded his fingers together and tightly twisted them. He continued, “It could break you more than anything physical like this…” Tony motioned to his chest and frowned unhappily at the ground.
Steve believed him because he trusted him. Yet the super soldier almost did not go until he suggested Steve take Bucky with him. The Winter Solider was still having a hard time with his memories and the trip might do him good. Steve wholeheartedly agreed and thanked Tony.
Peter allowed himself to fall a few stories, before catching himself on the smooth glass with his fingertips. His heart was racing and he was short of breath from the plunge. He had never fallen that far before.
“Tony is covering his tracks,” Natasha stated, turning back to him. She explained, “He’s gotten his hand on a computer and is hiding himself from both SHIELD and the Mandarin. He wants the world to think he’s dead… Though I do not know if he fooled the Mandarin…”
Of all the meetings he had imagined with his mate, he’d never imagined it would go like this.
Tony released a sigh but tensed as soon as Steve stated, “But…”
“Which you clearly want to be a part of,” Natasha observed silently. She did not look up from her plate and calmly asked, “Shall I punch you in the face like James or threaten your manhood like Stark?”
“Me too,” Tony moaned back and Steve jolted as if electrified. He jerked back to peer fully into Tony’s eyes and stared incredulously at Tony. Tony cupped Steve’s face with both of his hands and whispered in a broken voice, “I-I love you too. I-I-I love you, Steve. That’s why I came to your apartment, to tell you, but when I saw Sam, I just thought-.”
“I—,” Steve began and Tony put a hand over his mouth.
! I did not want to see that!”
Peter snorted and murmured, “Thanks, babe.”
He had been shot down every time…
Wade squeaked in fear and quickly slipped off Peter. Peter moaned in frustration and glared at his boyfriend.
Steve laughed and pulled away. Smiling widely, he said, “A new life! What should I do? I don’t even know half of what the future holds! I mean – I’ve seen—.”
??” Natasha demanded, “Are you still fighting with us?? Do I need to take command?”
He’d come to accept what lay ahead but Tony’s words woke something inside of him, something he knew to be impossible.
“If you go in there, he will try to kill you,” Tony stated apprehensively.
“We’ll move in,” Natasha stated.
Peter shook his head and smiled grimly at Tony. He whispered, “I am no longer a kid and I can’t go back. My uncle once told me, ‘with great power, comes great responsibility.’ I was gifted with the ability to help people. I can’t ignore it.”
He grinned to himself, despite his madly chattering teeth.
As Steve removed the shirt and tossed it aside, Tony stared up at his soulmate’s perfect torso and felt himself begin to salivate. Tony’s hands have trailed beneath Steve’s shirt multiple times and, just recently, had they started to take them off when they were alone. They were both bashful at first but, at that moment, after Steve tossed his shirt aside and looked down at Tony, he was anything but shy. Tony grasped Steve’s hips, digging his fingers into his soulmate’s warm flesh. And he stated, “We are going to be sooooo late for breakfast.”
Steve tilted his head down and whispered into his lips, “And I love you, Tony Stark…”
well. Both he and Tony faced numerous instances where they both could have died this last week but they survived despite the odds…
He blinked back his surprise as he recognized one of the detectives on his case standing in the rubble before him.
Bucky??
Steve’s head snapped in the direction of Bucky’s voice.
“No, I noticed them but I choose to answer you,” Tony replied cheekily and ducked back down just because he knew it would piss her off.
“Oh yeah…I did say that, didn’t I?” Tony stated, “Well, here, this is the hand command to open a hologram.” Tony demonstrated the movement. His thumb, pointer, and middle finger were extended with even space between each finger while the other two were parallel and touching. Jarvis’s cameras caught the movement and automatically opened a hologram for him. Bucky tried the movement and one opened in front of him too. “To close the holo, just pull the screen down with the same hand command and,
“We had no idea,” Steve stated. He looked like he should sit down too but the only available space was next to Peter. Neither of them dared to approach him at that moment. They both knew how emotional and traumatizing revealing one’s identity was, but Tony could not imagine what Peter was going through under these circumstances.
Wade chased after him and caught Peter around the waist. Peter chuckled as Wade turned him around and pulled him to his chest. Wade suggested, “Let’s make out like monkeys.”
Around the world, very few felt the jolt or noticed its effects. Most felt a shiver down their spine as the shockwave of energy passed through them, some trees lost a leaf or two sooner than they would have, and a couple of newborns woke to the bereft of their parents.
Jarvis probably would not approve but Tony needed help. So, like Marty McFly, he needed someone to share the secret with.
Steve nodded stiffly and needed no more encouragement to trudge forward and look for the remains.
Steve’s heart broke again. It must have been the dozenth time but, God, this felt worse than the rest. He pressed his face into Tony’s hair and silently cried into his scalp.
The Red Skull came across another super soldier. The man was the long departed Captain’s companion but he had been broken and molded into a puppet. The man was weak whereas the Red Skull’s was still his own. It was the only reason he let the man live. The Red Skull took pleasure in ordering him to do things that would make Erkine's soft heart break.
“Oh shush,” Steve said, feeding him another spoonful.
…My boy is always meddling in something or other. He’s not the brightest bulb in the box either… Dr. Parker is a very private person and I don’t think she will want to see either of you.”
That left his last hopes with the fifth, who happened to be growing within one Mary Parker. The woman was the hardest to capture and the hardest to keep imprisoned. SHIELD taught her more than science and spying. She could fight, evade, and escape. Had she not been pregnant, she might have actually succeeded in getting away.
“Yes,” Tony groaned. “That sounds nice. I should finish up here so you can help me.”
Steve was exhausted physically and mentally.
Venom was reacting to the danger and it was clearly no longer protecting Peter but itself. He needed to somehow reassure it that all was well and it should stop.
Instantly, old black and white photos and the dozens of images Steve had sketched came to mind and dread coiled in Tony’s throat.
“I deny it all,” Tony joked. They chuckled together and another silence fell between them. Yet this silence was not as strange and, in it, Peter reflected over his and Steve’s multiple conversations.
Steve relaxed and asked, “Are we unofficially making this an Avengers’ mission?”
When did this happen?
They separated with a chuckle but their gazed held on to one another for a few seconds longer. Steve’s heart never before felt so full and in love…he didn’t think it was possible for it to feel any larger.
Tony paused, ran his tongue over his lip, and then bit down on it again. Steve bit the inside of his cheek to muffle a moan.
Steve chuckled and reached out to wipe some of the sauce off his chin. He admonished playfully, “Chew your food.”
{Babe, not in front of Wade~!}
Tony locked himself in his lab with a bottle of bourbon and instructed Jarvis to block all incoming calls until he said otherwise. He drank into the night and woke up the next morning with an atrocious hangover. He swallowed a bunch of Advil and dove into his work on his next upgrade to busy himself in work.
Tony smiled sweetly at him and whispered, “Yes.”
It broke Steve’s heart to see Tony so sick. He adjusted the blankets around him and then gently lay a cold compress onto his forehead. He released a relieved breath when he didn’t wake and then whispered to the slumbering man, “Hold on a little longer…”
Tony did most of the work.
“Penicillin,” Gabe stated. “It’s a new drug that our boys made last year while we were out here fighting. It helps with infections.”
Ugh, he needed to stop thinking about this guy!
Thankfully, he hired competent people so she was jogging in the direction of Command as soon as he was done speaking to her.
Steve nodded him off and then turned to Sneaky.
Tony cupped his face and whispered, “Let’s find Peter.”
Tony closed his eyes and leaned heavily into Steve’s hand. Anxiety was tightening its hold on his heart and the worry he’d been feeling for his son doubled with this new revelation.
“No! It means they’re attacking
Rogers smirked and by the way his eyes danced with amusement, Tony knew he was going to like this man. He held out his hand to Tony and said, “Hi, Tony, I’m Steve.”
He cautiously opened the door, knowing Peter was somewhere inside. Wade was already prepared to grovel to his boyfriend but, when he stepped inside, Peter was nowhere to be seen on the open floorplan.
“Yes, Sir. I have been compiling a file since I learned of his existence years prior. Would you like to start with the current information or from the beginning?”
“Really, guys? You are so in love it’s ridiculous,” Pepper groaned.
“Bigger bed,” Tony breathlessly explained and Steve quickened his pace.
Tony taped an ice pack to his shoulder again as a pain continued to linger from yesterday’s rough landing.  He then sat in his driveway with a cup of coffee and his Audi parked next to him, ready to speed off. Despite the coffee, without having slept in the last 24 hours, he was feeling drowsy and almost nodded off a few times.
Hydra had been waiting to use him for a total SHIELD takeover, but Fury was already leading scorched earth campaign to clear out all the Hydra agents. The entire country was embroiled in the scandal and no one really noticed when Tony slipped away for a cross-country flight.
Tony was just talking to him. He was going to come home. They were going to talk. They were going to make up. Everything was going to be alright.
Peter covered his face with a groan and murmured, “I’m going to kill Wade…”
“I would hope,” Sneaky replied, dropping its hands. “I will be very upset if you guys invited another futuristic robot to the party and didn’t tell me.”
“Noooooo,” Peter groaned, finally opening his eyes.
“You mean, Good Afternoon,” she corrected him, not pausing in her work.
“Papa?” Peter questioned, grasping his arm.
They rose together, bumping their shoulders as they did, but Bucky practically ran out of the room and to his soulmate’s side. Steve watched with a fond smile as Bucky kissed Natasha and rubbed her belly. He then picked up Stepan and sat where he had been and put him on his lap. He kissed his son’s cheek before he started grabbing food for himself.
Taking it all in, it seemed utterly ridiculous.
Deadpool was one of the few people whom he could fight at full strength without having to worry about hurting or killing. In the lull of any type of quarrel with the X-Men or Avengers, he would call the mercenary up to go a few rounds.
“Friday, take over my suit. I’m going to be a little distracted for the next hour.”
“B-Bald as a baby,” Wade replied. “It went when I lost the head hair…Disappointed?”
“Sir, Dr. Banner found a solution to freeing Master Parker but he is unwilling to use it because it is a dangerous and martyrish one…”
Loki stood by the railing holding Peter over the side and watching the toddler cry. Peter’s feet kicked uselessly at the open air and his strong, tiny hands were clenched over his head. Steve felt his gut plummet down the hundreds of stories Peter could fall. All Loki needed to do was relax his grip and Peter would fall hundreds of stories to his death.
As the third song started, Steve whispered ironically, “You’re right, no one danced like this in the dance halls.”
The father reached into his pocket and held the tickets to Steve. Steve took the tickets from him and saw Los Angeles written as the final destination.
The Red Skull whispered to Natasha, “So kill me. Kill your defenseless prisoner. Show your teammates how merciless I made you. Show them everything I taught you and then live the rest of your life with them keeping a figurative distance from you, the acolyte of the Red Skull.”
Could it be possible…?
As Tony planned, he determined Jarvis would probably become worse in his grumblings but, he wouldn't try to stop them. Tony was his master and he would obey him. Tony could handle his AI's commentary. He’d loved and lost many times over a lifetime. Another name added to his ledger would make no difference, even one as great as Steve Rogers.
All annoyed feelings disappeared as Steve imagined their little piece of fantasy they always talked about. He cupped the back of Tony’s neck and whispered, “You and me on a private island? Just us – with no fighting super villains, no teammates walking in on us, and no vultures swooping in to take a pictures?”
Tony paused at Steve’s bedside as he considered taking the chair Bruce had just vacated but he forwent it and climbed into the bed beside Steve.
“Peter,” Tony said gently. The compassion in his voice made Peter pause. He had taken a single step into the elevator and he felt tears begin to burn his eyes.
He’ll keep Peter safe, locked away in his Tower for as long as he could. No one would hurt his son. No reporter, villain, or everyday civilian. They’d have to get through Tony, the Avengers, and the Tower’s defense system first.
This had to be some sort of horrible nightmare. Any moment now, he was going to wake up and turn to see Steve sleeping soundly beside him. Tony closed his eyes and pictured the last time he and Steve shared at bed. The image of Steve’s strong shoulders, bathed in the blue glow of his reactor instantly came to him. He focused on the image, making it real, and then snapped open his eyes. Instead of Steve’s back, his gaze was only met with the sight of his husband’s coffin.
“I’m fine,” he assured Steve and himself. He pressed his face against Steve’s chest and felt Steve’s heart beating against his cheek. Tony whispered more to himself, “Everything is fine…”
“Ready to go, sir?” Bruce asked with a wily grin, not hearing the exchange between Tony and Steve. He put on an overly exaggerated accent to sound like one of those butlers one sees on TV.
Steve was not going to leave him.
Hydra was here! Which made no sense because Bucky died!!
“It’s nothing! Get in the car, Dad!” Peter pushed him back inside but Tony did not drop it.
“…You make me feel so…calm,” Steve murmured into his chest.
The Soldier smirked and replied, “That is fine by me.”
Bruce pinched his brow. He had already check Tony’s scalp but he put his hands back on Tony’s skull and ran his fingers through his hair, searching for the hidden injury. Bruce whispered, “You have a big bump back here but I don’t feel any bleeding wound, Tony. Where did the blood come from?”
Tony dug his fingers into Steve’s flesh drawing a pleased murmur from Steve. Steve whispered into his lips, “I love you too.”
Peter let himself drop further and when he caught himself this time he slid down the glass several feet before coming to a stop. To Jarvis, he retorted, “Programming –
Steve went to his husband’s side and lifted the quilt so he could slide underneath it with him. He placed the blanket over his shoulders and nestled into Tony’s side. Up close, the smell of alcohol was stronger but was also coupled with the underlying stench of vomit.
“Horny beyond measure?” Wade teased.
Tony had to hold back from smiling more as Fury’s eye narrowed more into a tiny slit.
Steve chuckled again. It felt good to laugh after the tense battle and he felt the tight muscles in his chest begin to relax because of it.
Steve cupped his face and kissed him as hard as Tony suggested. The older man groaned into his mouth and dug his fingers into his flesh as he dragged them over Steve's back.
’ his past reminded him and the longing that hit him was so strong that it hurt.
“I’m married a not too Boy Scout-Boy Scout,” Tony countered.
Another way the meeting was different was their topic of choice. Instead of focusing on Peter, they decided to focus on the three of them: Steve, Tony, and Mary. They thought it best to mend broken bridges and create a relationship with Mary, especially if she really did want a part in Peter’s life.
Peter typed his code into the keypad and sighed, “Yeah, I am.”
From the little Tony was able to overhear, Eddie, Scott, and Bruce continued their scientific conjecture.
“Nat…I thought your mate was dead…You said the Academy killed him in front of you,” Hawkeye stated, not sounding convinced.
“Finally,” Steve sighed gratefully, laying their clasped hands on his chest, running his thumb over Tony’s ring. They both fell asleep with small smiles on their faces and love in their hearts.
Tony clapped Bucky’s arm and stated, “I expect you to have a long lecture prepared for him about how bad it is to take such a long nap because seriously, seventy years? What was he thinking?”
“About time,” Logan grumbled, reading the invitation on his phone.
The defense went first bringing forth character witnesses for Steve, evidence of Tyler’s stealing from the Tower, and medical records on her mental incapacities.
“Remember before the war, when we were talking about being neighbors and our kids being best friends?” Bucky asked.
There was distance between them and they circled each other. Natasha’s arm was throbbing from the deep cut on her arm and hot blood dripped into the white snow beneath their feet. She did not tend to her wound because she knew, as soon as she did, the man opposite her would move in for the kill.
“I’ll take it,” Steve whispered.
Natasha nodded and whispered, “I’ll go there right now.”
“Shit, shit, shit, shit,” Brock gasped with rising panic. "I don't know!"
Steve bit down on his lip, trying to think of the most diplomatic way of turning him down.
Vision phased his hand into the wall and then ripped out what must have been a huge power line. The lights in the hall went out for a second and then flickered back on. The android commanded, “Let go of him.”
“Yeah, Jarvis is a little overprotective,” Tony said with a smirk.
Steve sat Bucky on his couch and Tony placed Peter on the ground by his toy chest. Steve and Tony slipped into his bedroom to talk in private.
“They’re gone?” Tony deduced.
Venom vibrated his skin, sensing his torn thoughts. He willed it not to shift into his uniform just yet…he'd try it later when Eddie was gone...
Harry was the first to speak, saying, “Hey.”
“I hope he can sleep through the rest of the night…” Steve sighed, dragging the both of them to the bed. Tony leaned into Steve and let the super soldier practically carry him.
. Not to mention he just found out he was going to have a kid who was apparently in mortal danger.
He chalked it up to his dry manner. He should not have been so cold to Tony for no reason. That had to be it…Steve could not have feelings for his friend.
“…This is for Tony, isn’t it? He’s never confronted the Colonel personally about the 107
Bruce nodded and left. He returned a moment later with the entire team in tow.
The intruder went to run out of the garage exit, but Tony blasted himself between him and the exit. Tony said, “Whoa! Wait up! You’re not leaving that easily!”
After giving his father a terse explanation on how it worked, Tony held out the reactor to his father and Howard hovered before it with wide eyes. His face was centimeters from it, but he made no move to touch it. It felt so wrong showing this to his father. He wanted to snatch it back before the man could steal its design. This was Tony’s invention but, by the way Howard was studying it, he darkly wondered if this would change in the future too…
Howard had no time to contemplate his notebook's part in all of this because, before he knew it, the tesseract had been found. He personally went out with his team to retrieve it.
The man spun on his heel and began to walk away with the reactor.
“Oh ye of little faith,” Tony sighed.
There had to be something Steve could do…He was willing to do anything at this point to save both Peter and Tony.
. He was so tempted to pinch himself. Was this really happening? He felt like he was acting out one of his personal fantasies. He shrugged and said, “Um, I’ll just follow your lead? I’ll stop you if it gets too…weird.”
Peter grinned sheepishly and then asked, “How are we going to do this?”
He felt like he was overreaching. Natasha was enough. He shouldn’t have Steve’s friendship nor be given a home. He did not deserve it.
He wasn’t going to let a little cold come between him and his girl.
Bucky seemed confused by his exclamation but still slowly murmured, “…I am a little nauseated, my head aches, and my muscles are fatigued, but that is normal when leaving the cryostasis chamber. It will go away in a few hours.”
Acid burned on Tony’s tongue as dozens of hurtful and harsh retorts came to mind, but – but this was
Natasha studied him and wondered at the best way to approach this. Steve was from an era where such a thing he and Stark wanted was disallowed. He was probably trying to smother the feelings the cropped up and trying to feel disgusted toward it.
And Steve almost kissed him back.
“She only sneered because I called you ‘Dad,’” Peter replied back just as fast.
So he lived in the now and appreciated every precious second he had with his soulmate.
Did Tony really just—?
”Looks like we’ve got a few stragglers,” Peter murmured, gently touching the cut on Tony’s neck. “Back to the pack guys...guys, c’mon!”
I plan on writing one more part to this series, originally it was going to be short like Part 1 of the series but then I read an old Spiderman comic and now I'm inspired to add some angst...
“We knew it would happen eventually,” Steve replied in a light sigh.
Sneaky opened up for him and, for a second, he could have sworn he smelt the old stone of the Hydra base underlined with the evergreen pine from the nearby forest. Tony stepped into the suit and it closed around him for what could have been the five hundredth time.
Howard felt like someone just switched the OFF switch in his brain. Tony didn’t seem as affected and his eyes were flickering and beginning to close.
Steve squeezed Tony’s hands one last time and faced forward. He murmured to the judge, “Sorry, your honor.”
Peter grinned and launched himself into Pops’ arms.
“No…just…No, I’m fine.”
"Wade," Peter said, smirking at him with a happy smile. "I love you too."
His heart seemed to do a backflip and increased its tempo. He’d never been this nervous with Gwen, but, then again, this was new territory. This was Wade. A man, a mutant, a mercenary, a known killer, but, sometimes a superhero like himself. It was whole new territory for Peter and…it was scary…but also exhilarating.
Tony nodded and agreed, “He was…”
Tony turned back to Venom. The symbiote was dragging itself across the floor and its body was shaking with the effort to move itself.
“You’re in pain,” Howard observed.
Bruce was making a sandwich for lunch. He looked up when they entered then looked quickly down with a slight blush.
Natasha drew all their gazes when she said, “Are we ready?”
Peter went to catch himself but was caught instead by Iron Man. Peter slumped into the suit’s metal arms with a groan.
“Wait, Tony,” Steve said, grabbing his arm. “If we go running after him, it'll only draw more attention to him. Let's call him over his communicator. He probably has it on him.”
Tony wasn’t convinced. He implored, "Really? Are you sure? If you don't want to, I understand!"
Steve woke slowly. The back of his neck felt like a heavy 2-ton weight was pushing down on him and crushing him. The crushing pain radiated throughout his body and burned all the nerves under his skin.
“It won't change the future,” Tony reasoned.
The bored looking woman pointed behind Steve and sighed, “In the gift shop…”
And wow.
Tony’s heart suddenly felt lighter and he grinned excitedly at Steve. He had to know so he asked, “Steve – don’t take this the wrong way but…how long has your body been like this? Please say you’ve always been bi and you’re body is not just reacting to sexual stimuli?”
The reality of the situation was quick to return with Wade’s presence.
Peter, still catching his breath, turned to the others and gasped, “It’s protecting itself! Go! When it feels safe it’ll back down!”
On the television, the last of the house fell into the ocean and on top of Tony.
Tony crossed the room and entered the kitchen. He worriedly kept an eye on Steve as he went to the coffee pot. He poured out a mug for himself and then scurried over to the other side of the counter to get a barrier between himself and his…friend?
Tony found the bottle and held it up victoriously to Steve. He crawled over to him and agreed, “That it is.”
“Because you awe my Papa,” Peter replied. “Since I’m your son, you made me feel good and wheneva you awe with me I feel good.” Steve smiled warmly at Peter and clasped his son’s sides lightly.
He felt unstoppable. Obadiah was dead and buried several months now and he was still living off the high of being recognized more for being Iron Man other than a rich playboy or warmonger. So exploring an old building should have been more of an adventure than a dangerous ordeal.
Steve whispered to his son, “What do you wish for?”
He still could not get over it. It was like he was going into shock because his body could not handle the amount of joy he was feeling. This was really happening. They were going to get the impossible...they were going to get forever.
…an anti-shield instead…”
Peter’s heart fluttered in his chest and he remembered threading his fingers through Wade’s during the wedding.
was large but being isolated in a tight camp helped the rumor mill spread the information quickly. Wherever Steve went, he heard the rumor being whispered and Sneaky's story evolving into something even bigger than what the robot had described.
Tony pressed a hard kiss into Steve's lips and then promised, “Yes, sir!”
“But,” she whispered. “I won’t have to until the faraway future if you address his internal and external bleeding.”
“I bet you don’t mind me being your soulmate,” Steve hummed to the little boy.
“My knowledge of your character and your deep connection to young Master Parker brought me to the same conclusion…Yet I had to be sure. You shared a similar connection with Sir and his passing must have been traumatic for you.”
Steve flushed and nodded as he said, “Is it that obvious?”
“…Peter is going to be a ninja scientist then,” Tony reasoned, making Steve laugh.
“No…” Steve droned the word, still wondering where the angle of this joke was going.
Natasha abruptly stood and the legs of her chair scratched at the floor loudly as it was pushed back. Bucky flinched and his grip tightened on his fork. His eyes bore into the area around Natasha’s plate. He could probably see her clenched fists but not her hardened expression.
Steve jolted and hissed, “
“So we are going to ignore the fact that you are my son and that you are going to be grievously wounded enough to have scars covering your entire chest years later?”
“We should test it out on the streets and see how it reacts to big crowds, traffic, and the weather,” Eddie stated, pulling Peter toward the lab exit.
She repeated, “I will be back by eight, promise not to burn the house down?”
fast! Steve flushed and garbled, “T-Tony I-I don’t have anything on u-under there.”
The pictures were less than an hour old of Tony comforting Steve during his panic attack and kissing him.
Talking about relationships instantly raised his hackles and Tony warily asked, “What do you mean?”
“No, we’re good, Sam,” Steve replied. “Thanks for coming.”
“Master Banner is in the communal room,” Jarvis stated. “He can distract you until Master Rogers returns.”
Peter realized with elation. That meant the Avengers would be there in no time and Peter cou –!
Despite everything: the drama with the media, Peter’s reveal, and his subsequent dating of Wilson…Tony wouldn’t trade this life for anything. Because he was loved by his family and could love them in return.
“Maybe they got nothing,” Steve murmured, lightly caressing his arm. “Maybe, because the power was out, they could not get what they were looking for.”
“Your honor?! That is an extremely high –!” Marcel began to gasp.
Steve squeezed his hand and whispered, “And I will probably be a nervous wreck the entire time they are operating on you...”
He stiffly nodded and she planted a quick kiss against his lips. He leaned into the kiss, letting the glorious sensation distract him for a few seconds.
“Okay, egghead. You are just asking for it now. Can Kilian take you back? I asked for eggs benedict not burned and definitely not scrambled…”
WOW intense reaction to the ending of last chapter! No need to worry! The new chapter is here and the end is approaching! Once again, I'd like to thank all of you who have been reading, commenting, bookmarking, and leaving kudos! It's things like that that give me the drive to keep writing! :)
Norman sighed overdramatically and put down his pen as if it were a heavy burden. He leaned into his chair’s arm and regarded them sympathetically. He stated, “Dr. Parker did not want others to know…Well, to be more specific, she did not want SHIELD to know she was alive and being that they are a spy organization that meant that no one else could know she was alive.”
It was quiet in the tent and Steve entered stealthily. Tony was laying on Howard’s cot with the blankets drawn up just enough to cover where his reactor would be under his shirt. His eyes were closed but his brows were pinched. Steve walked up to him and then silently sat next to him on the cot.
“You bet your ass I’m worried,” Bucky hissed.  Bucky crossed his arms over his chest and whispered, “And he will hurt you just like all the others because he cannot
Coulson dropped them off and promised to come back tomorrow, a few hours before the detective, in order to go over Steve’s statement before the police officer.
two hooked up in the past, didn’t you?” Fury turned squarely to Tony and growled, “And you didn’t think to tell me this even when we were searching for Cap and he was heading straight to you??”
Tony’s eyes trailed over the scars imbedded into Bucky’s body and then his gaze rested on the worst of them where his shoulder turned into metal. With guilt churning in his gut, Tony whispered, “You don’t need to thank me…”
“Great Scott,” Tony gasped again and he did so, not out of fear, but because of excitement.
Tony smiled sadly at him and ran his hand through Peter’s hair. His eyes flickered to the elevator beyond him then back to Peter. He whispered, “Don’t go. Stay. We don’t have to talk about this anymore...but you don’t have to be alone anymore either. You're right. Our gifts aren't something that shouldn't be ignored...but neither are our relationships...Pete, I can't ignore this anymore. I can't ignore you now that I have met you.”
Thor stepped away from his side and looked out of the Bifrost to the expanse of the universe. His gaze was pointed in Midgard’s direction though there was no way he could see it from such a distance. Without looking away, his prince asked, “Is there nothing I can do to help?”
He texted, ‘Don’t hurt anyone, Wade.’
!” Tony flinched at his own words then snapped back and looked down as he hissed under his breath, “Goddamnit…”
He found a spot in some thick brush and untied his handmade knapsack. He lay it across his chest for some warmth and settled down. His stomach grumbled unhappily but his exhaustion eventually silenced it and Steve fell asleep.
Again, Tony whispered, “I’m sorry, Steve…”
“I will never see you again,” James whispered, his voice breaking. His eyes told her this statement alone was true and how much he regretted it. She hoped he could read her as easily because she felt the same.
“Where is Mary Parker?”
“…Alright…Pops.”
Tony nodded and murmured, “Good…Get a hold of Pepper for me. Oh, and if the lawyers don’t know yet, please notify them.”
“I wouldn't be able to take me eyes off you,” Steve retorted.
It was normal. Things were falling back into place.
“Now, unless you want to discuss Area 51, are we done talking conspiracy theories? Can we talk about our lives? I heard through the grapevine that our little Peggy might be
He should be in the Tower –
To Tony, they’d only been reunited less than an hour ago and he’d found out that Steve had come back to life only a few days ago. He still wasn’t over the fact that Steve had survived the impossible and they would be spending the rest of their lives together.
He was so screwed.
Grinning triumphantly, Schmidt stated, “You're ready for the next step.”
“Louis!” The father yelled, running into the back entrance of the church. Another priest appeared and the father gasped, “I need to borrow your van!”
“What about the game?” Tony asked.
Tony moaned as he fell out of the armor but Steve was there to gently catch him. He adjusted his hold to carry him bridal style and over to the medics waiting for him. Patches of blood covered his body and Steve could feel its sticky warmth bleed into Steve’s clothes.
Tony swayed and leaned heavily into Steve and Steve was horrified to see the reactor in Tony’s chest flicker.
But his heart was slowly breaking.
“Getting acquainted with Natasha,” Steve sighed and Bruce winced. It was hard to deny the assassin but his trust with her was new and he was still getting used to it. And despite the fact that he was a super soldier and outweighed her three times over, she frightened him.
, have yet to finish the series!?”
Tony crawled back up his body and playfully bit on Steve’s bottom lip. Steve carded his hands into Tony’s hair and pulled him into a deeper kiss. Steve grasped Tony's cock and jerked his into fruition. Tony moaned into Steve’s mouth and Steve pulled on the back of his head to smother his mouth more from making anymore sound.
“Our futures have a way of happening quicker than we thought they would,” Steve stated, taking another sip of his coffee. Tony leaned into him and, after a short pause, whispered to Steve, “Sometimes it feels like just yesterday I fell through Hydra’s time machine and into your life…”
Tony wasn't supposed to hear it and he knew he wasn't by the way Steve's eyes snapped over to him to check to see if heard. Steve blanched and Tony knew that his face must have been an open book.
“Get out of my house,” Peter snarled. “I am not going to listen to this, even if it comes from Captain America and Iron Man.”
Tony led them the short distance from the elevator to the couches and fell down onto the nearest sofa.
!” He pointed his repulsors at a glowering Red Skull and yelled at Steve, “Goddamnit, Steve! Don’t ever do that to me again! I nearly died when you touched that syringe! I mean,
—fourteen years he’s been alone.”
By the agency’s estimate, 95% of the inmates were found and returned to their cells. The Chameleon was a part of the 5% who were not found.
Steve walked up to it and read aloud, “Behind door number one is Hawkeye’s mate, behind door number two are his children,” Steve paused as he personally read the next part of the note privately. Aloud, he grimly stated, “And behind door number three is a long lost friend of the Captain’s. Only two per door or they all die.”
“That wasn’t the man I interacted with today,” Steve steely stated. “And you would have seen that too if you’d just open your eyes and try to see past your own opinions.”
“Probably,” Peter replied poking one of the tendrils. “I don’t think it ever responded to Mac like this. Maybe our solution made it stronger.”
Peter grinned at the gaping henchmen and slipped past them.
Steve rolled his eyes and sarcastically murmured, “
Steve looked at the hologram and was surprised to see “The History of Gay Rights in the United States” on its screen.
“…You trust me to go out there and not go looking for Tony?” Steve countered.
?” Peter demanded, “Why be nice to me?? I’m not y-your son! I…I was just a mission!”
But Wade was flirty and naked, so very naked, and Peter couldn’t resist making love with him one more time. And one more time after that…and well…Peter was only human and
Tony’s anxiety was rising with every passing moment of being unable to see his son. His heart nearly stopped when the body impacted the wall.
“Yes!
Tony removed his arc reactor again and applied the baking powder to the ruined chip. He then scrubbed it off with a wire scrub brush from his tool kit and was able to remove most of the rust from it. But the chip itself was extremely degraded and it didn’t look like it would survive another baking powder washing.
“…It’s Venom…Isn’t it?” Eddie murmured, looking out the window. Had the symbiote succeeded? Was Peter back in its thrall? Guilt churned in his gut as he remembered Peter telling him he wanted nothing to do with the symbiote…Shame also churned with the guilt but it was not from what he had done to Peter.
“Of course,” Steve whispered. He drew Tony’s lips back to his and whispered into his mouth, “I love you to the ends of the Earth, Tony. Even if we are fighting about something stupid I will still love you.”
“Yeah…” Tony sighed tiredly.
“Three years,” she repeated, affirming. His stomach churned again. He could not remember much about their relationship but…this, knowing she was in Schmidt’s hands, knowing she went through what he had, was the last thing he had wanted to hear.
And when he was finally able to slide inside of Steve…he never before felt so undone and complete at once.
Tony nodded and backed off though he still regarded Steve warily and did not take his eyes off him as he rounded the counter to the coffee. Steve sat up with a heavy sigh and rubbed his face. He rubbed particularly at his eyes…
Silence stretched between them and was made more awkward by their unlocked gazes.
“The one and only,” the leader replied and Tony’s heart flipped in his chest.
“I have no idea what you are talkin—,” Tony began smugly. Natasha slammed a small metal box on the counter in front of Tony and the smug look fell off his face. Tony instantly shut up and blanched. Steve eyed the box with a frown. What was it that it had the power to scare Tony such?
Steve grinned and a slight flush stained his cheeks but he whispered, “Good…That’s good.”
is James.”
Steve’s shield rebound but flew past him as he made no move to catch it.
The Soldier lowered his weapon, stood at attention, and asked in a dead voice, “What are my orders?”
“Ready for this, Steve?” Pepper asked him.
Bucky tilted his head slightly as Steve pulled his bike onto the sidewalk and next to Bucky. Steve remained sitting on the bike as he looked out over the water with Bucky.
Tony lowered his mouth and nudged the dog tags aside with the tip of his nose and kissed the skin beneath them. Steve’s arms twitched again but was unable to move them any closer. He seriously was considering ripping his shirt but he told himself he would not. He needed to have some control.
“Boss, you need to fall back to the nearest hospital,” Friday stated.
Coulson’s mouth dropped and he stared at Tony with an openly shocked face. Natasha was able to keep her expression blank, but her eyes did grow large as she looked at the list too.
talk to him
“It’s the past,” Natasha growled.
“I’ve got Peter,” Tony said.
Tony said nothing to him and Barnes did nothing more than sit up and stare at him with his dead eyes.
“He will soooo use it,” Tony droned, making Steve smile.
“Baby boy, I’d follow you anywhere,” he replied.
“Steve, someone is trying to talk to you,” Natasha added, sounding a little amused.
“Go for it,” Wade replied and adjusted himself on the bed to better watch his boyfriend. He asked, “Am I going to get a strip tease out of this?”
Steve nodded, wholeheartedly agreeing with that assessment.
They eventually went out and did small things like take a drive in one of Tony’s fast cars or Tony took him out to try the new foods that came out since he’d been frozen.
A week before his timer ran out, SHIELD called him in.
Steve looked back to the other two and Natasha demanded, “What were you and Bruce planning??”
“Yes,” Tony gasped. “Yes, we are.”
“Sustained. Ask a question or move on,” the judge threatened, narrowing his eyes at Marcel.
The Parkers came next, Ben and May picked up Peter and plastered his face in kisses. Sam arrived not long after and Peter enthusiastically greeted the Falcon. Sam visited a few times before the world discovered Peter’s existence and Steve was glad to see Peter remembered him.
Peter flushed under Wade’s sudden interest.
“Nothing!” Tony quickly murmured and looked outside his window to hide his astonished expression.
Steve excused himself from the conversation and went to the kitchen, where the others had gathered, to see if Peter was there.
Natasha smirked and nodded before looking out the window one last time and then slipping back out. She was probably going to do a perimeter sweep or meet up with Clint. Steve did not question her actions as he was more distracted by the man bleeding by his side.
Tony’s smile encompassed his entire face and Steve knew he said the right thing.
Steve grasped his other hand and whispered, “I don’t know what I’ll do if you disappear again…”
“Especially the ones trained by the Red Room,” Steve added, also a little awestruck. He never had seen either move so quickly.
It was decades later and, at this point in his life, he was no longer Bucky. His identity had been destroyed years prior and he had no memory of his former life. All he knew was that he had to complete the missions his master gave him and that was all that mattered.
He was happy by this fact but the fact that it was Tony of all people had him on edge.
“…You okay, Steve?” Tony murmured, noticing the change in the atmosphere.
Steve and Tony broke apart and Steve shot a glare to his best friend. With a smile, he retorted, “I will but you just ruined our moment, you jerk!”
“You’re a-,” Tony gasped.
He felt them get to work on his back and then, a moment later, Friday announced, “Missile ready.”
Steve nodded and murmured, “I’ll also have a word with the Colonel and see if we can move out any faster.” Steve paused and then added, “And thank you, Howard, I know this must be crazy to you.”
He hurried over to Steve’s side and, with a bright red face, Steve murmured, “Well…I drew you.”
So Tony got to his feet, gave Steve’s hand a reassuring squeeze before pulling away, and then walked over to Wade.
Cameras and individual lenses and other accessories lined the walls and counters but Peter bypassed it all. He went up to the counter the man stood behind and said, “I need some parts for my camera.”
“Steve and Peter are both in the Tower. Steve is in the office, speaking with Agent Coulson, and Peter is in the intern labs.”
“Hmm?” Steve hummed, stretching contently. Tony was momentarily distracted by the flex of muscle.
Steve’s insides churned again with those hot, happy bubbles. He wrapped his arms around Tony’s torso and pressed his face into his chest, whispering, “It is special, love. We’re together again…forever.”
“I bet you’ve looked at them loads of times,” Tony countered. “Don’t you see them? The big dipper and the little dipper?”
Wade lowered his head and swallowed Peter, making the younger man throw back his head with a loud groan. But Wade’s eyes remained focused on the watch and he darkly wondered if what Peter had said was true.
Chuckling, Peter rolled up his mask to expose his mouth and took off his gloves so they wouldn’t get dirty. He picked up one of the cheesy, tortilla wraps and the took a bite.
Steve threw back his head with a groan and sunk deeper into the couch.
Steve returned to the community room where Peter played with his toys and Bucky was sitting on the couch, staring at the blank wall. Natasha watched them both, her arms were crossed against her chest and a gun was resting in one of her hands.
“Tony?”
. Peter hadn’t dated or really seen anyone in years and Tony knew exactly why. He was one of the very few people Peter opened up to about Gwen and his phobias about dating again. He knew how serious this was to be Peter.
And Steve died a little every day he was separated from his soulmate.
,” Peter sighed.
I hoped you enjoyed reading this as much as I had fun coming up with this! :)
They went into the elevator and Jarvis said, “Welcome back, Master Rogers, sir has been worried about you.”
Tony was tense in his embrace and Steve was deathly afraid to look at him. His gaze bored into the ceiling as he frantically wondered what to do.
. You promised we’d grow old together, you idiot.”
Venom shrieked again at the inquisitive thought. That form of thinking belonged to his host’s past life. Venom did not think beyond its needs. Venom only had to be in the now. And, right now, Venom had to quench his hunger – with the exception of blue-eyed humans, those would upset his stomach…
Iron Man did not react when they entered the room. It stood against the opposite wall and was almost completely hidden behind the time machine when they first entered. Its eyes were not glowing and a fine layer of dust had settled on its shoulders.
The sunset played out before them and the city lights blinked on, one by one. Even though there were barely any clouds out, the stars were few. The city was bright enough to obstruct the light of the night sky. It was still warm as the cool of night had yet to blanket the city but Peter found himself leaning into the other man’s side.
From where he stood at the grill, he watched his friends splash around in the pool laughing and releasing excess energy. It was so ideal that Steve could almost pretend the charges against him were not really there and Susan Tyler did not exist.
Everything was much more amazing then he’d ever imagine it. His fantasy paled in comparison to the real man, moaning sinfully above him.
Tony stopped and stared at him in disbelief. Maybe he really did crack and was out of his mind with grief.
The Captain was scared at first but once they were over the Hudson, he whooped excitedly and seemed to enjoy the flight. Tony grinned upon seeing the twinkle in his late-hero’s eyes…God, rewrite that, no longer late-hero, the man in his arms was alive and breathing. Jarvis was already running comparisons to photos from the forties and they were all coming up as a match.
Steve squeezed Tony’s hand and, without opening his eyes, continued the account from his perspective.
“Yes, sir.”
“Touché,” Steve replied and stabbed the egg yolk, making the yellow center bleed. “…But, he’s different. The things in his past have scarred him mentally on top of physically.”
Clint and Natasha traded glances and Clint stated, “Nothing at SHIELD. Chameleon’s not talking.”
How did Norman know? It was one of SHIELD’s best kept secrets! No one but a select few knew who Peter’s real mother was and even less knew how Peter’s birth came about. Steve only found out four years ago when Peter was two and…
Natasha smiled at the other redhead and murmured, “They’ll get it sooner or later.”
“I love you so mu—,” Tony started to say but Steve muffled his words with another deep kiss and pushed his fiancé back to the floor to better devour him.
“Somewhat,” Tony murmured and Steve chuckled. Tony took another drink and then observed, “Isn’t breakfast earlier than usual? We’re not going to be productive today, are we?”
Tony grumbled indignantly again and Steve could have sworn he heard something about AC/DC but Tony’s pillow stayed firmly beneath his head. Steve cuddled up to him and sighed contently before letting himself relax back into sleep.
Alright, she was intrigued but was nowhere near swooning. Even if her heart was beating faster with an emotion she couldn't clearly define.
Peter had thick dark brown hair and inherited Steve’s sky blue eyes. It was warm out so Steve dressed him lightly in the clothes he had just bought him days prior. The little boy spouted a Captain America shield on his shirt which his father took pride in whenever he looked at his son. It was the closest thing Steve had to labeling Peter as his own other than their shared genetics.
Between the paparazzi and Peter’s relationship change, Steve hadn’t thought more about the bio-shield other than he was proud of Peter for creating it. Did he really miss something?
Bucky called Steve, “
“Uncle Buckyyyy,” Peter squealed and ran to the super soldier. Bucky bent down to catch Peter’s hug and his usually hard expression relaxed.
Gabe cursed under his breath and fell back from Tony in his surprise.
“You make it sound like I’m going to emotional cripple him,” Tony whined.
“I’ll eat you instead,” Tony stated and bit Steve’s bottom lip to prove a point.
“Okay, I’ve got his hips,” Natasha quickly retorted, grasping Tony’s hips. Looking to Steve, she commanded, “Steve, you grab his shoulders. We need to move him at the same time to not worsen his wounds. Whoever is closest to the wound put immediate pressure on it. Alright?”
“You would take a class for me?” Steve asked sweetly.
The city was in shambles and all thoughts of sex left him as he considered what he had to do to help his home. Jarvis located several citizens stuck in a number of high rises and he went to work to helping them out. He then moved on to moving rumble and the rest of the day became a blur.
“Friday said Wade was looking for me but…why are you here? Weren’t you helping the Guardians with –.” Tony fully turned toward Peter and Peter’s eyes grew comically large. He stumbled over his words as he gasped, “Oh, my God! D-Dad!? Why – Why do you have the old arc reactor
Tony stepped back and finally pulled the towel from his shoulders. He toweled himself off a little then wrapped it around his hips. He stepped back then pushed himself up on the counter between the sinks and crossed his arms over his chest. He smiled smugly at Steve and nodded to him as he said, “Well…Strip. You can’t go in with clothes on.” Steve frowned and Tony teased, “Come on, I’m only going to be ‘just looking.’”
“No and it’s really starting to bother me,” Tony murmured and hit refresh on his computer again. Could Tony have miscalculated? Did they move too fast? –
Anger was broiling under the surface of his skin, threatening to consume him in a righteous fire. This machine did not deserve any of Peter’s love. Tony wanted to fry her circuits just for speaking of it.
Steve gulped, not really liking either option. This was not his world or his war, it did not seem right. And any form of experimentation was totally out of the option.
“I think I was trying to say, ‘wow’,” Peter replied and stole a quick kiss, his tongue flicking against Wade’s.
“Last year, after Natasha told us why she was so angry at us and you especially…I thought that was it. You made no more moves toward her, heck, you did not even talk to her! Have you been harboring these feelings this entire time??”
It began with Peter being woken up in the early morning by the sound of the doorbell ringing.
Ben returned the hug and gasped, “May and I have missed you like the devil but –
Even with the ice covering him, the color to his skin and remaining clothing stood out in stark contrast to the white landscape and he was spotted within minutes.
Steve bit it in half and his eyes widened. He chewed quickly and gasped, “This is delicious!”
“No promises,” Clint replied but Steve took it him saying he will try since he did not use any expletives.
killed the mood instantly.
Natasha surged forward and punched him square in the nose. Bucky could have dodged it or blocked it but instead stood still so she could hit him with all her might. He fell back and Natasha spun around, passing the elevator and going to the emergency stairs. Bucky made no move to follow her.
“A group of villains that really don’t like me in particular,” Peter replied. He waved them on and said, “Let’s go to the locker room and get ready for them.”
The sound of Steve's voice alone scared him. He was furious on Tony's behalf. His anger at Peter, and the context behind his words, made Tony's heart drop and that little hope he had flicker and die. He fell back onto the bed and stared at the ceiling, willing his eyes to keep from spilling over.
Tony could tell she was studying him as she tilted her head a fraction. Whatever she observed made her smirk and she nodded down a row of tents, saying, “He’s getting ready to bunk down for the night. You’ll find him down there setting up his tent.”
It was hard to separate himself from his best friend but the rest of Peter’s friends were trickling in and, since it was his birthday party, he had to act as host and help those who knew him as Peter Parker transition into his new life with superheroes and the super powered. With all the outreach programs the Avengers were involved in, the team were well adjusted to getting citizens to relax around them and the two different parts of Peter’s life meshed together easily.
“Sure,” Tony said, already planning on barging in on wherever they were interrogating him. He would get past their security at the front desk and follow his tracker to Steve.
He smiled slyly at Pepper neither confirming nor denying her assumptions.
“Where is it? Where is
Tony smoothed Steve’s shirt back over his shoulders and down to his elbow, almost locking him in position with his shirt then bent over and placed a single chaste kiss on the center of Steve’s chest, right above his racing heart. His dog tags clinked lightly as Tony’s chin brush against them. Steve tried to grasp Tony’s head but was restricted by his shirt. He groaned in a combination of annoyance and arousal and he felt Tony grin against his skin.
Wade jerked under Peter’s hold and he pulled back, whispering, “I…Peter, I’m sorry, I didn’t mean…we don’t have to kiss anymore –.”
As soon as the jet leveled off, Tony stepped into his personal space and Steve scrambled back. With a hard expression, Tony moved with him until Steve hit the wall of the plane and he could go no further.
It was Pepper who took center stage and the Avengers finally turned on the television to watch her speech.
“I think all of us want to hear this,” Wanda added, her voice heavy with amusement.
Tony was insanely jealous but, at the same time, he was worried. Steve never knew the other side to the paparazzi. He saw them as
“What could he hope to accomplish by shooting at nothing then?” Steve murmured unhappily. “He must have misjudged the density of the glass or shot too soon…”
Steve quickly looked away from her but felt her eyes on him as he made his way to his seat. Tony was already sitting behind the wooden bar that divided them and Steve looked to him instead, taking courage from his gaze. The rest of the team was there with the exception of Bruce, who thought it best to wait outside.
Tony did not notice the exchange as he seemed to finally notice the toy he had been clutching. He tucked it relevantly into the crook in his arm before looking back to Steve and Bruce.
tests but
Peter’s resulting smile made Wade feel like he won the lottery.
Howard circled him and murmured, “I can put it back together…I can do the same with you too. Can I remove one of your panels or…” Howard had fully circled him and came to a jolting stop in front of him, his father’s eyes focused on his chest.
Cable wasted no time in readjusting the dials on his glove. Steve wound his arm around Tony and said, “Goodbye, Cable…I really hope the next time we meet won’t be because of a paradox again.”
“What did you expect him to do? He saw Venom eat you, then me, and Peter was gone so he undoubtedly assumed he was eaten too…Stark thought he just lost his entire family. He went a little mad.”
Happy narrowed his gaze to the people crossing the street down the block and murmured to Peter, “I’ll park around the block and drive the car around every half-hour.”
He rolled onto his side and reached to the spot beside him, like his father had done in the memory, except he was not copying it. He was reaching out for his own soulmate, to tell her of his new memory. He dimly remembered he had done many nights prior…
Steve. Steve never before felt so blessed. He wished he could launch himself across the room and embrace Tony tightly out of gratitude but he held back to keep from being thrown out of the court.
He went back to bed and cuddled into Steve’s side.
“What if they dig too deep and find Spider-Man?” Peter whispered hoarsely.
Steve squeezed his hand and leaned in like he would kiss him but he stopped himself.
Bruce sighed and said, “So you don’t really want to talk science.”
Bucky nodded to the memorial, his expression growing more somber as his eyes beheld the statue. Tony half turned back to the statue and his eyes automatically went back to its face and his heart twisted a little in his chest.
The next morning he was still restless. He looked at his phone, hoping to see the photos he and Tony strived to create but was disappointed to see only more speculation. Tony was right, they didn’t get the pictures. He checked all the major news sites just to be sure, but those who weren’t speculating who his Significant Other was were discussing the rape charges against him. Either way, his mood soured.
Many lives were lost, Coulson included.
The computer shrilly beeped with another simulation failure.
They leaned into each other and looked back to their son, as understanding dawned in his gaze.
Steve smiled that small, tender smile he reserved for Tony alone and whispered, “I was thinking about the future…about all the nights to come where we can make love as loud as we want to be…about tomorrow morning and waking up with you in my arms again…and then all the mornings after that.”
“Hi,” she replied and the silence fell over them again.
“Y-Yes,” Steve replied, his voice wobbly as he felt like he didn’t know how to use it.
Steve looked over his shoulder to where he pushed the women aside and begged, “What is this?? How do we stop it?!”
“About damn time,” Fury grumbled as soon as they all stepped into the room. Steve didn’t run up to the man and hug him but he smiled widely at his commander and he felt like he was walking on air. Coulson and Fury were alive. How was all of this possible?
Tony sat back and laughed, drawing a pout from Steve. Between chuckles, he gasped, “But
“My brother and I came when we heard word a child was born to the Avenger clan,” Loki informed them and, to Steve’s surprise, he gently placed Peter on the ground. He stepped back and Steve charged to his son. He snatched Peter off the ground then jumped out of Loki’s reach. Peter clutched him tightly and Steve wrapped his arms around him, trying to encase Peter in a cocoon of his flesh.
Bucky knelt in front of the door and pulled two metal picks from his pocket. He jimmied the lock in under a minute, staying silent the entire time, refusing to reply to Steve.
Tony wrapped his hand around both of their cocks and Steve’s limbs violently trembled. He almost totally collapsed on top of Tony.
The door sealed and the elevator began to move to the team locker room just above Bruce and Tony’s labs.
“So cool!” Eddie gasped.
It was more than just an image they could determine the future – it was their future – the future he and Tony dreamed of. A future in which they’d marry, and they’d take this photo, posed in the way so both of their wedding bands were shown: Steve’s hand, clutching Tony’s cheek and the Tony’s hand pressed against Steve’s heart. Both rings were still visible in the picture and it gave Steve hope.
Steve turned his head to the side, looking at the opposite wall instead of Tony. He could not let Tony see the conflicting emotions on his face. He was a genius. He would be able to clearly read what he was thinking.
Tony got out of the car and clutched his door as he looked worriedly at Steve. He asked, “Are you okay?”
Steve sat up and Tony grinned goofily at his best friend as she glowered at them. He announced, “I’ll marry this man even if I look debouched.”
“No,” Steve said instantly. More slowly, he stated, “No, we should hang it. I don’t want one of the darker moments in my life to shadow this, it was one of the best…”
Tony sat down heavily beside Steve and also stared down at the baby in his arms.
When the car came to a stop, Peter quickly scrambled off him and Wade heartily groaned. With sparkling eyes and a smirk, Peter teased, “Patience!”
Tony gave in only because it was on the way to his room and he also wanted their friend to see it.
event that he noted as being different was Bucky’s survival. Because Bucky survived he was there in the plane with Steve, he piloted while Steve devoted his entire attention to the Red Skull and was dragged into the portal because of it…from there he could only speculate. Somehow his father survived and they created a whole new company together. If something significant like Howard Stark living to an old age or the Avengers actually happening…then what other major things had changed?
“Pen me in for another appointment tomorrow, Dr. Banner, our talks do wonders on my soul,” Tony joked and Bruce groaned again. Tony did not wait to see if Bruce had anything more to say and ran to the elevators. He asked Jarvis, “Did you tell Steve where I am?”
Using the skills his aunt taught him, Peter silently avoided his uncle’s notice and crawled across the ceiling to the stairwell. He noiselessly jumped onto the stairs then lightly padded up the rest of the stairs and went to his room.
“Tony…” Steve began apologetically.
“Tony…you need to stop this. It isn’t healthy,” Steve stated. The workshop lost its soft watercolor appearance and solidified as a sober Steve stepped into it.
As always, thank you for reading!
new chapter should be out by this weekend!)
Peter shrugged and said, “My Uncle Ben is at work and my dad couldn’t reach him. Harry, do you know where my mom is…?”
“…It’s different, Dad,” Peter murmured.
Harry was quiet on the ride to Oscorp Tower. His gaze was turned inward and was completive. Steve tried to engage him in conversation but the boy only replied in clipped answers and clearly did not want to talk.
“Fuck,” Tony cursed again. He let go of Steve’s hand and leaned back on the bench, staring at his
From there, their lives moved forward quickly as the Avengers assisted in the city’s recovery and fatherhood was suddenly thrust upon Tony and Steve.
Steve woke like he always did with the rising sun.
Steve turned away before he could hear his son’s answer.
.” Suddenly, nervous he mumbled, “I…I was just trying to decide on a favorite…”
Steve sighed as he thought of Tony. He redirected the conversation with Bruce back to his question, “…So Tony?”
[Yipppeeee!] His voice cheered as they dived right into foreplay once they were both nicely naked.
“Yes, all this is for you!” Steve said. Peter scrabbled to get out of his hold so Steve put him down. Peter’s ran into the room as fast as is stubby legs could move him, squealing with delight as he parted a mountain of balloons on the floor.
Tony cupped the hand on his cheek, his eyes became glassy and his voice thicker with emotion as he replied, “To me you were dead just yesterday…”
Tony ripped his hand out of Steve’s grip and hissed, “
Steve grinned and murmured, “Time to wake up, sleepyhead.”
“You will soon,” Tony promised Peter while the hand resting on Steve’s back, dug its fingers into his flesh.
But he also saw Peter wanting to know if Tony’s comment was
Steve gently returned the grasp and whispered, “It’s okay, Peter. I know you didn’t mean it.” Steve voice broke off a little and he took a deep breath to battle his emotions. He gently put his arms under Peter and picked him up, whispering, “Let’s get you home.”
Steve flushed but it was mostly from the fact that he had called Steve “my Steve.”
“Stark, thank you for your help, but we have it from here,” Coulson dismissed Iron Man.
Steve chuckled and replied, “Yes, we had breakfast.”
“Couldn’t sleep,” Steve replied breathlessly, trying to look nonchalant as he looked at his half naked friend.
“According to the internet, you met in Central Park,” the Red Skull said.
. He was not attracted to Tony. The kiss merely…confused him.
history,” Steve clarified with a grin. This might just work.
Last night both of them wordlessly held each other tighter when falling asleep. Saturday night had been…horrible and not just because of what had happened between Peter and Tony. It had also been the first time in the five years in their relationship that they slept in separate rooms.
“Why couldn’t you give him a chance?” Steve demanded. “Don’t you see the way he looks at Peter? He adores him! This isn’t the same man we saw senselessly brandishing his katanas on the streets!”
Whether or not Tony heard him, he didn’t know…
All Jarvis could tell him was that it hadn’t been able to find the guy in DMV or even Facebook…
“He…He’s not just my love. He’s –
“Hey, Pete,” he murmured lightly.
...He didn’t want to.
“Because I like what they represent,” Bucky replied, keeping his eyes on his pancakes.
When their lips separated, they stared at each other a few moments and Tony whispered, “I missed that…I missed you…”
They sat down with Wade still in the middle and clearly MJ’s main focus.
“Far from it!” Tony countered. He wrapped his arms around Steve and mock humped him like a dog.
Bucky stared at the ground with a frown and hesitancy flickered in his eyes.
And he loved her all the more for it.
“Have you seen him use it?” Natasha asked.
“I know…” Steve sighed, casting his gaze back to Tony.  Beginning from the moment he met him, Tony had fascinated him. The man was smart, funny, handsome, and…without even trying, he gave Steve something he never even knew he wanted.
“…You were tortured?” Steve asked, a horrified edge to his voice.
“…It can’t be possible,” she whispered, awestruck.
With a racing heart, Tony leaned in and cautiously placed a hand on Steve’s chest. Steve’s heart was beating just as frantically beneath his touch. Was this really happening? Could Steve be interested in him? He whispered hopefully, "St-Steve?"
Steve cast an uneasy glance to Tony. Tony wasn’t acting like the rest of the men who’d been drilled to work through their exhaustion. He hadn’t even put down his tent yet.
“He’s angry with you right now but he clearly loves you too,” Peggy said and Steve’s heart clenched at her misguided notion.
Steve wildly nodded and dug his heels into Tony's backside.
His hands shook a little as he picked it up and he whispered, “I think this is it.”
Tony nodded sadly, his lips trembling as he whispered, “He followed you and somehow his help made it so all of you lived, him, you, and the Red Skull…and you know what happens from there…”
let him warp his mind.
and Steve leaned into his touch, encouraging him to touch him more.
“You saved my life,” Peter reminded him.
Pepper listened attentively and, when she finally was handed a mug of coffee, she drank it deeply.
Steve went to the beach. He stuck his feet under the hot sand and sat down to watch the tide. His eyes were ultimately drawn north and he saw the familiar shape of the cliff Tony’s home was situated on. He smiled at it bitterly but made no move to get any closer to it.
Steve had been positive he hadn’t seen Tony on his way over. Had the time traveler slipped into his suit during the fight? He saw Iron Man fighting too. Had that been Tony?
thought Tony would ask him out!
“Never,” Tony agreed and helped Steve take his shirt off too. Once free of his shirt, Steve dropped his head and kissed Tony again, his fingers spread across Tony’s back and pulled him close, making their naked chests touch and the warmth of their flesh to sink into each other, another testament to the life within both of them.
Steve flushed and then stuttered, “Did-Did you just propose to me?”
,” Steve droned in defeat. He leaned into Tony’s side with a small smile.
Their first picture was of them laughing trying to squish their faces together and not drop the bears.
“You’ll figure it out,” Steve stated.
“Yah!”
When Tony no longer heard the hiss of the light, he slowly lifted his head and opened his eyes.
! Unsurprisingly, Steve shared his views on the matter and, for the first time since they started fighting, they were finally able to agree on something. Fury was in the wrong and they had to put a stop to it.
No more than a minute could have passed before Steve’s eyes automatically scanned for his son and he did not find him. The spot he left him in only had the quilt and his toys.
“Peter and Stepan and the little spy you’ve got brewing in there –,” Tony waved to Natasha’s baby bump and continued, “– are going to make a game of it. Who can knock out Uncle Bucky first?”
“Did you rape Tyler because your sex life was starting to get boring?”
“SHUT UP!” The Soldier screamed and punched Steve across the jaw. He went for Steve’s throat but Steve elbowed him in the throat and the Soldier staggered back.
Tony bumped him with his hip and stated, “Give them time. They’re Russian, nothing comes easy to them. They like to toil for things, haven’t you read Tolstoy?”
He kept looking at the names in his contacts and wondered with each person:
“Jarvis?” He questioned, “Is Tony still awake?”
Jarvis must have been watching him again. Tony flushed to himself, knowing why Jarvis chose to make his appearance now of all times.
His heartbeat picked up just thinking of him.
“I-I don’t speak much Russian,” Steve replied, breaking his eyes away from the technology. Steve knew how to say “Hello, I am a friend and ally” in Russian but that was about it. Steve was too memorized by the technology behind the man to actually say it. The man paused before him and his eyes widened slightly.
Yet, Tony did not know how to place him. Who was he? Was he keeping an eye on Tony? And why the hell did he
“You love me?” Steve hissed in disbelief. The broken bits of his heart healed at a rapid rate and he began to breathe more shallowly.
“As we’ll ever be,” Sam replied with a shrug.
Instantly wary, Tony asked, “Who?”
“Okay, I will. What can I call you in the meantime?”
Wade fell back onto the mats with an over-exaggerated groan and said, “I have so much to teach you, young padawan.”
Captain America??”
“Premature baldness?” Peter teased to try to lift Wade’s spirits. Inside, however, his heart broke with Wade’s words. He knew Wade had very low self-esteem. Before they started dating, Wade had kept it hidden from everyone, including Peter. But now that they were in a relationship, he was opening up to Peter and letting him see his true feelings about himself in addition to his love for Peter.
His host was silent and had stopped speaking altogether after the first few feedings but Venom could feel the boy’s consciousness paying attention.
Tony began to move his finger inside him and slowly stretched him open. Steve groaned and Tony leaned in closer and asked, in a teasing whisper, “Still want to go back to Vaseline?”
Steve felt no worry in the battle. He knew the outcome. He went through the motions and eventually the Red Skull disappeared and only one thing was left to Steve…
Fury and Coulson could handle Hydra.
Steve felt uncomfortable looking at those warm eyes. He put away the file and reminded himself he was going to meet his mate soon and the thought that Tony's eyes looked nice was
It all looked almost futuristic.
Somehow they fell asleep and later Bruce woke Steve with a tender touch. Steve blinked open his salt-crusted lashes and Bruce motioned for him to be quiet.
The correction’s officer had explained to him that this was not jury trial, this was simply his initial appearance. A judge was going to decide if he was going to be allowed to post bail or remain in jail until trial.
He kept his eyes buried in his grasp and remained turned away so he could not see Tony’s reaction, but he did hear the tremendous pain in his voice as he replied.
She smiled and to Pepper said, “Let’s go and leave the lovebirds to it.”
“What look?” Steve retorted with a grin, leaning against the grill.
Happy was frowning but his upset was only directed at Peter. He asked, “Are you sure you do not want to return to the Tower?”
Natasha added her hands to Clint’s to totally cover the wound and Tony’s eyes shot open with the added pressure.
It was all terribly domestic and Steve absolutely loved it.
Instead, Steve shifted in his arms and grumbled, "I literally just changed that back an hour ago..."
“Sorry, Captain,” Bruce said somewhat morosely. “I’m just excited…He’s the only other human to survive gamma-radiation like me. There’s so much I can learn from him!”
“You’re back!” Steve exclaimed. He ran over to them and embraced Bucky and then Natasha. He asked, “Why didn’t you guys tell us you would be back today?”
“Byeeee,” Peter called. After Ben climbed in to the car and drove away, Peter asked, “Where is Unca Ben going?”
Tony slid both his hands behind his neck and pulled Steve down for a quick kiss. Against his lips, Tony whispered, “I love you.”
They stared at each other for a long moment, both shocked to see each other. They both moved in to kiss at the same time and pressed their bodies so tightly together it was like they were trying to become one.
“…I think we’re going to need to get a little practice in before we go through with the plan…You-ah-you’ve been twitching a lot, we can’t have the paparazzi catch that on camera or no one would believe us,” Tony said and he felt a flush grow on his own cheeks. He frowned it wasn’t like Steve was his first crush.
He didn’t know what month Tony left for the past in 2009. Was the pre-time travel Tony here? Healthy and completely unaware of Steve’s existence?
“Yes, Sir.”
Overnight, Steve had curled onto his side and around Tony with his face buried into Tony’s hair. He hardly moved as he sleepily came back to his senses and he enjoyed those few sparse minutes simply laying with Tony. He tightened the arm he had across Tony’s chest and then deeply inhaled his scalp, trying to commit the scent and moment to memory. Tony didn't wake and continued to slumber as Steve stared adoringly at him.
“Almost there,” Tony whispered.
“Crap,” Steve gasped. It was probably the first time she’d ever heard him curse and she almost laughed from near hysteria.
“You have her smile, her compassion, her wit, her hair, her guile, her –.”
She sat Steve down at the counter and had him start to sign the first of many dotted lines. They worked quietly and Tony hovered in the background. The billionaire kept staring at Steve as if he was waiting for him to spontaneously combust.
“Right back at you, Parker!” He slipped through the crowd and disappeared into the masses. Once he was sure he was out of Eddie’s sight, Peter slipped the communication bud into his ear and turned it on.
Tony had come up with a number of ways to propose (He watched all of those YouTube videos, remember?). But he needed a way to propose that was innately
Warning for gruesome depictions of injuries...
“I like Wade a lot,” Peter added to Wade’s statement and scooted closer to Wade so that his leg slightly overlapped Wade’s.
Tony walked up to Steve’s side and roped his arm into the crook of Steve’s arm. He leaned heavily into Steve’s side and excitedly whispered, “We haven’t lost our boy yet!”
Such a factor absolutely petrified him.
“Bed,” Steve agreed, his hands shaking. He could not believe they were finally going to do this. For all his strength, he felt helpless in Tony’s arms. Tony had dozens of partners already and Steve was totally inexperienced and was totally oblivious to the secrets of making love to a man. He had an idea about doing so with a woman, in the army it was all men seemed to talk about, but having sex with a man was something completely different. He wanted to do it but he feared disappointing Tony.
“I have a photo of him if you want to see,” Tony offered. Steve glanced up to his friend and thanked him with a grateful smile. Tony nodded and pulled his phone out of his pocket. Without any urging from the Parkers he held out the tablet with Peter’s image on it.
Logan glared at him and Wade sighed over dramatically, “Okay, fine, you got me. Something may have been bothering me.” Wade sighed heavily and Logan took a sip out of his beer, waiting on him to continue. “Peter wants to eventually come out to the press…”
Steve let him lay there for a few moments but, eventually, he stated, “…The hologram I saw…when I woke, you were searching the city for him…weren’t you?” Steve so badly wanted to comfort him more but they needed to keep on track. Peter needed them and they needed to focus on their son and not their own turmoil…
The helicarrier shuddered with explosions and Tony was left alone with the image of Steve’s wretched eyes as he fell and the smell of his burnt flesh.
Again, Steve helped Tony remove the piece of clothing. Steve ran his hands along Tony’s chest, looking for where the bandages were tied off. Tony observed, “You know, when you first put them on me, I never could have imaged us in this current situation.”
But that hadn’t been the case for Bucky...
Steve gently grasped his chin and turned Tony’s heard toward him. Steve’s bright blue eyes searched his and he finally murmured, “You’re in shock still.”
The doorbell rang and Bucky jumped to his feet and grabbed a vase off the side table beside him. He slammed it against the same table and had a weapon ready in seconds.
“No! I’m the real one! It’s me! It’s me, I’m Steve!” The imposter, who could have been his identical twin, gasped with Steve’s voice. The man looked just like Steve. He had Steve’s uniform, shield, and even the same dimples which Tony gushed over. Was the imposter a clone?
Fire was returned and she twisted her upper body back into the room. She quickly pulled the clip out of her gun to check the level and frowned. She must have been running out and James was the one with the extra ammo.
. His Spidey-Sense had never reacted so powerfully before, not even with the Lizard or Electro. Rogers must have been crazy strong.
The TV turned off and Steve flinched. He was caught. He guiltily turned around to see Tony holding the remote. Tony was frowning and hissed, “Don’t watch that filth.”
“Or Howard might be able to make a new core,” Steve added, clutching the tent cloth tightly.
“And I am the happiest man in the universe,” Tony countered. Steve grinned and opened his eyes to stare at their clasped left hands, hovering high enough for him to look at.
“That was a short shower,” Steve commented. He made himself think unpleasant thoughts and prayed that no more blood would flow to his half-hard cock. It was not noticeable right now but if Tony teased him again it might grow.
He stopped and the little guy went back to playing with his cars. Steve leaned on his hand and murmured, “One day I’ll get it out of you.”
Steve led the way, picking up his pace as he walked and Wade was right behind him. Vision helped Wanda up and they too follow Steve.
Tony smirked and pried one hand off Steve’s face and one blue eye blinked up at him. Tony said, “I’ve been freaking out ever since we started this. I thought you were straight and I was practically assaulting your sexuality…You can’t believe how relieved I am to know that at least you’re attracted to me.”
Steve’s emotions overwhelmed him in a rush. Shame and dread washed through him and he wanted nothing more to scream. Bucky’s fall replayed in his mind. All these years and Bucky had been victimized because Steve never thought he survived. He pretty much handed him to the Red Skull on a silver platter.
Tiny bit of smut and lots of fluff ahead! :)
But that cold darkness lingered in his skin, raising the hair on his arms.
Steve shook his head and quickly said, “No, it-it’s personal and…complicated and I knew it was coming but I just thought…” Steve bit down on his lower lip but it still trembled. He thought and dreaded the fact that he had to eventually end it. But he wasn’t ready to yet. He still loved Tony and was going to try to fall out of love and was failing miserably at it but now…
He shook his head and blushed. He clenched his fist. He needed to focus.
“Of course,” Steve replied. “Maybe we’ll sneak past those reporters and have a picnic.”
It was early, a little before sunrise, and Steve doubted the paparazzi were awake at this hour so he threw on his jogging suit and went out.
Venom shrunk drastically when they were gone. Wade hissed as the tendrils became smaller. Peter’s head snapped over to him and he gasped, “Are you all right??”
“…I don’t understand. Of all the times to use it, why-.”
“You’ll see,” Tony teased, stepping into the dark and away from Steve's reach.
He watched the first ten minutes and found it too ridiculous to continue.
“Quick! To Dummy!” Peter exclaimed. He grabbed his friend and dragged him in the direction of the robot. Dummy squeaked and sped away from the boys. Peter gasped, “Wait, Dummy! We have a time limit!! I just want to show Harry the gears on you Uncle Tony let me fix!!”
Tony chuckled and said, “You don’t need to know…”
“Thank you,” Clint said and hung up. He frowned at the phone as he felt guilty for what he had to do. He swallowed it and called back Coulson.
Peter always stayed with one of the Avengers while his dad toiled away in the lab. They never left Peter alone anymore, before Venom he would have complained about being babied, now he was thankful for it. He hated being alone. The silence was the worst.
“…It’s true though, we did lie,” Steve whispered. His chest felt hallow and empty. It had felt this way since they left the court. He had been in shock since the judge read off his verdict the day before.
“Tony…you know that’s a one way trip,” Steve whispered.
labs!” Steve countered.
Tony held out his hand and commanded, “Give me the vase.”
Short chapter - first half is Natasha foiling the final part and the second half is my introducing the villain to the fifth and final part of the Superfamily series...
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony ignored the danger and crossed the room to kneel in front of the Winter Soldier. He begged, “Please tell me where he is. Tell me where Steve is or that machine. Just tell me so we can save him before Schmidt hurts him anymore.”
As if reading his mind, Steve explained, "Pep suddenly remembered she had some kind of CEO thing to take care of." He shyly held up two tall flutes filled with peach colored champagne and he said, "She left us something to celebrate with though."
Tony woke to the sound of buzzing. He recognized the vibration as to belonging to his phone. He lifted his head and silently peered around the room. Peter was nestled into his side and was dozing quietly so he tempered his movements as to not disturb him.
Steve wrapped an arm around Tony’s waist and asked him, “Where to now?”
The child was staring at Steve with concerned, pinched brows.
Steve murmured, “That doesn’t look like it was from an easy fight…”
Venom. Peter clutched his wrist.
Steve nodded stiffly and slid the rest of the way into bed. He wrapped his arms around Tony and pulled him tightly into his embrace. Steve pressed his face into Tony’s shoulder and gasped, “Don’t die.”
After Tyler testified, a doctor was called up. He testified to Tyler's emotional instability was due to the trauma of the attack. He explained away her insanity with a long winded medical explanation that sent chills down Steve's spine.
Gabe crawled into the tent with him and carefully checked him over. The entire team hovered nervously outside with Steve kneeling at the front of the tent looking inside. Bucky stood next to his friend with a supportive hand on his shoulder.
Outside of the Tower, the everyday world was surreal. Life easily moved on without Captain America.
They lurched to a stop and Steve gasped, “Is everyone okay?” He was instantly patting Tony down, searching for any injury.
Pepper left right at rush hour, so he knew it was going to take her a few hours until she got to the offices, and it may take her even longer to get the information without Obadiah noticing. So, Tony didn’t fret over the time. He had Jarvis keep an eye out for Steven and took his time with his suit. Putting the Mark III together was cathartic. It’d been years since he felt so accomplished when building or creating something new.
“…Peggy,” Steve sighed.
—,” Steve leaned forward and was about to reprimand her but then she reached across and slapped Steve across the face as well.
“And good thing I did or Reindeer Games here would have gotten away,” Tony retorted angrily.
Tony leaned back and said, “Okay, let’s see…Well from what I deemed from my own research…You like science?”
“She’s beautiful, Steve,” Tony whispered with awe.
Tony buried his face into Steve’s hair and whispered, “I…I am fine but I thought…I thought you’d be dead. When I heard those shots –!”
To him, Steve had died just yesterday…
“Of course, Master Rogers,” Jarvis replied at a lower volume.
“Steve…” Tony whispered.
“What time is it?” He moaned.
“I still can’t believe you guys let him spend the night,” Bucky stated, knowing exactly what was on Tony’s mind. “And in Peter’s bedroom.”
The twist in Peter’s chest knotted further but he did not let any emotion show on his face.
“I’m nah telling him,” Tony slurred to his AI.
Peter started to cry again and Ross shot at Steve’s legs, where Peter had been hidden from him. Steve immediately acted upon Peter’s wail and spun around, snatching Peter and pushing Tony from his side. Sand exploded where they all had been a moment earlier as Ross unloaded the rest of his clip into the spot.
He whispered, “Your being my soulmate changes a lot of things I…I am unable to comprehend. It’s making me question things, question my master, and the Academy.”
