John pulls his phone out of his pocket and turns the front camera on his face. He shouts in surprise when he sees that
?”  The demon spats the word ‘lover’ as if its a holy water burns on his tongue. If John is not in fear he might laugh for the familiarity of a disgust over the sentiment.
"Pah. And where is your manner, Timothee, to the man who saved you? And calling maman to others can be considered impolite you know". The man chastised the child without real sting but purely concern and embarassment.
When John squatting behind the container in ship dock around Zagreb, Croatia, he accidentally eavesdropping on the guards who secure smuggling ring around the shipment area. It is like ice cold water has been poured on his head that sends anger and despair within him. In broken English, two men talking about Moran, the right hand of Moriarty, hides in Belgrade in order to keep the remnant of Moriarty web after anonymous dismantling the criminal ring from west to east steadily.
"I know it is late, John, but if you don't mind, I would like extend my gratitude with a cup of hot tea and a space to clean yourself up at my flat before I send you home. Any objection?". This was said with so much careful intonation and color spread on man's cheeks.
Just like every time he comes, the first thing he will do is always tracing Sherlock’s name on the marble while praying that maybe God listens to him and will bestow him a miracle, but the thing John knows from his life, the miracle is earned and he intends to do so. He lets out the empty jar and small shovel to take the soil of his best friend’s grave. Likely, people who see him will think either he is occultist or mad widower, and strangely he finds comfort in the latter. After the jar is full and secured in his backpack, John sits legs – crossed with his side leans on the tombstone. The tears which he tries so hard to hold finally starts prickling. The sadness he’s been locking for months breaks like a tsunami in the comfortable night.
"This is the blood of men who wanted to hurt my child. I won't let it dirt your clothes more". The deep baritone voice honeyed with concern flattered John that made him blushing like damsel in distress. The man took out large handkerchief from one of many pockets on his coat and cleaned the blood from his hands. The touch was so gentle, John willed down the purr which enclosed his throat.
The first man barreled into him was the left one. It would be as cliche as movie with the alpha screamed for blood while his fist aimed for John's jugular. In seconds, John's shoulder shrugged from the path, and twisted the Alpha's right wrist while elbowing the gut behind him. With groan, John flicked Alpha's body behind him and snapped his neck on the floor.
“Listen, Greg, you can keep thinking that snake doesn’t exist, it’s fuckery, but hell the syndicates, the drug cartel, and so on and so on are real. Come on Greg, you know!”
It feels like out of body experience where John sees himself out of his own flesh and bones. He makes himself small by curling on the floor while processing the voice inside his head,
A shriek was heard at the alley across the road that pulled John's body straight and the red flag inside his army doctor brain raised. He tried to listen more, but the emptiness of the road panicked him more. He jogged to the location with hasty limping that might be or might be not lessened in pain.
The two men and one little boy giggled for the last uttered words. Sherlock could see the fondness and affection John showed in his face when he looked at Tim, and it made his heart swell and warm.
Few steps into the manor feel like John is dragged into the back seat of his own body in the blink of an eye while falcon brain takes control of his limbs. It is shocking that John, in his own brain, paralyzing and feeling so dreadful all over his soul. Once John can recover from the surprise, he yells to the demon but only getting his own echo reverberating in his skull.
Then a jolt of sight at the corner of the room catches his eyes, Sherlock is cuddled up with his loose pyjama pants and a blue hoodie. “Sherlock!”. Before John can reach Sherlock, the detective sight is gone and the demon inside his head laugh so clear it rings up his ears.
, of Moriarty’s web, John learns that the prostitution near Hampstead Heath was sold underage children, drug cartel in Lille – France worn down the entire suburban village as the disguise, and illegal firearms selling in Brussels – Belgium might be supplied the extremist in Middle Eastern’s war zones. What a mess of world reigned by Moriarty’s web. Although the conscience still weighs him down like an anchor in a dead land, he thrusts the sinful souls one by one with single-mindedness he uses for treating patients with bombing and shouting in the background.
After taking down the mob which had been protecting Moriarty’s upper people in Budapest, John takes the train to Belgrade with the anticipation of meeting Moran and ending the last ring of the spider web. He fiddles with his phone and decides to put Mycroft on the first dial with enough credit to call him just in case tonight he will fulfill 300 souls to Montu.
He doesn’t need a mirror to know that his eyes are as black as the space hole with the demon turns John’s head left and right then turning off all surveillance around the manor. John can see the dark miasma around his body that smells like sulphur and send tendril of terror in his consciousness.
On the way back to home, John can’t stop to keep checking back his eyes and all the telltale of his summoning equipment. The feeling of dread still latches onto him strongly that sometimes he can swear there is sulphur smell in the train carriage, but then the demonic creatures are highly likely the ones who permeate such a thick odour. The blade inside his jacket grows warmer and warmer as if it has its own life that if John has enough mental capacity to deal with more supernatural things he might throw it out of the train window and run away to other country.
John walks and juts his chin to Greg, “We don’t have this conversation and we don’t even meet, Greg, you lost this files, you have no idea where it goes. Are we clear?”.
Montu, The Lord of War, months of having that falcon demon in his head and he feels the strange acquaintance with the blood-thirsty figure. He gathers that the demon was a man once, a living flesh and bones, but then he was mummified alive when he tried to dethrone the Pharaoh at the time. It was a heart-wrenching thing to witness that after he cried so bad in finishing the sigil, the demon put him back on handling his body with sulk thrummed on his vein.
. John trashes himself far from the demon but it feels like the blade has a vice grip into it that John can’t help but dig into his agony in the place.
his mind supplies creatively. John shakes his head to clear his mind in pursuing many researches and facts about Montu and all the requirements to revive Sherlock while awaking Montu as well. If someone one year ago told him that John was a believer of deities slash demons, John would laugh with the full force of sassiness and throw dagger stare to the unfortunate talker. But now everything changes, Sherlock is dead, and John is dying inside, it might as well he lay on the bed of dark knowledge and try one time to bring Sherlock back. It has been a week for John goes back and forth between Harry’s flat and local library, while Harry smiles over the positive appearance that John finally out of the house, he can sense that Harry is worried and the upcoming talk will be soon.
. There is a heavy breath and shouting mess that he believes coming from himself. If he can borrow Sherlock’s metaphor for his killing boredom, he will say that this pain turns his bones rattled and flesh outward. Then, his eyes are hurt so bad he tries to close it,
"I know you’re an Army doctor. Your haircut, the way you hold yourself, says military. The clinic smell that still clings on your jacket and the way you treated Tim when I sighted you two, says doctor. So Army doctor – obvious. Under this lamp post light your face looks tanned but no tan above the wrists. You’ve been abroad, but not sunbathing. You have limps considering the aluminium cane threw at the entrance, it's still has your smell by the way, but your legs don't waver here standing with me and Tim, like you’ve forgotten about it, so it’s at least partly psychosomatic. That says the original circumstances of the injury were traumatic. Wounded in action, then. Wounded in action, suntan – Afghanistan or Iraq. Shot in the dark I say you’ve been invalided home from Afghanistan."
He thought about it for a moment. His skin tinged with hypersensitivity and coldness started to slip to his legs.
The dark faded into the sepia gradient of desk lamp on red wallpaper. The king size of bed with dramatic canopy, the Egyptian cotton silk bedsheet and soft quilt, the red oakwood drawer near the window, the plushie maroon cushion under his knees.
After reading the file cases on the basement of homeless network’s meeting point, John is decided to go first to Cork, Ireland, to seek the family of Moriarty who still lives around that might have a connection to the web created by Jim.
Maybe he cries, maybe he sniffles so bad. But again he would not be Captain without determination running hard into his veins although his body is so shattered he feels he can sleep thousand years.
There is a man on a dark horse with long braided black hair and golden armor covered up his bulky figure under the heat of Egypt’s sun that if John sees this scene on painting, that man will become the main character with his glory and fierce attribute. That man turns his head to look at John and with the same fierceness he shows to his enemies, he shouts “GET OUT” to John that rattles the doctor to close his eyes and he throws back to the present of the gruesome manor with the iron smell in the air.
Their laughter stops, and suddenly, there are a pair of hands trapping Sherlock's head. "John?" Sherlock questions, knowing, in his heart, what's going to happen.
Sure, you could say that he had done it many times pre- Sherlock, but that was barely surviving. It wasn't living.
He flips to the H directory. Eyes blankly scan the pages, turn the page... Holmer, Holmers, Holmgren, Holmlund, Holmon...
John quickly dismisses the thought, not even knowing how to begin about how stupid that thought is. For starters, what would he even ask?
It's not his spot, technically, but he's the only one who ever sits there, so he's sort of claimed it as his own.
The name floats around in his head until almost instantaneously, the taste of leather fills his mouth again.
Homework abandoned, John spends the rest of the day curled up in his bed, dreaming up fantasies for him and a boy.
They go home, Mary looking especially voluptuous, though John is too exhausted to act on it. Before slipping into bed, they share a sweet kiss, and lay on their sides of the bed. The last thought John has before slipping away is that he misses his first ever friend. Misses him so badly.
"Small talk isn't necessary if you want to talk to me." Sherlock is blunt and races straight to the point.
"Would you cut it out?" Rugby captain Greg Lestrade twists his body backwards to face John with an annoyed expression.
again, i am so sorry that i cannot complete this. nonetheless, i hope you enjoyed your time here. thank you for reading while it lasted.
John tries to keep his breathing at a minimal level. "I- I'm fine. Just... uh... thinking about our finals."
The bell rings, and all the students hurriedly exit the classroom, jostling each other to escape the wrath of Mr. Freeman. Sherlock and John keep sitting in their chairs, not making an effort to move. "You okay?" John asks softly, his hand still on Sherlock's back.
Sherlock is standing on the porch quietly, shuffling his feet and watching John hug his mum with a small smile. "Sherlock who?" John's mum asks kindly.
John and Sherlock's hands rapidly detach, and they spin their heads to the source of the words. Everyone turns their head and stops talking. Mr. Freeman looks up. "Why are we all so quiet?" he jokes. Seeing everybody's grave faces, he quietly looks back down at his work, and all of the students start to nervously chatter again. The volume of the classroom slowly turns back to normal, if normal was a deafening roar.
He hates the taste of mown grass. It makes him nauseous. Practically everything does, though, so he can't blame the woman.
Sherlock quirks the corner of his lips up in a half smile. "Indoors. Unless I have somewhere to go with other people, which I don't. No one intelligent I know has friends, so why should I have them either?" He says the word
John keeps looking at the student, who is currently surveying everybody in the classroom with those piercing eyes of his. Most of the students are cringing away from his scowl, and John understands why. It's like those eyes are digging into his soul, extracting his deepest, darkest secrets that only he knows and displaying them for everyone to see.
"Yeah, mum. We're fine. Everything's all sorted out. We're going to watch a bit of telly now, is that alright?"
made. He just leaves most of the deciding to Mary. Everything's still a bit of a blur. He still can't believe he's getting married.
I'm so sorry for not posting last week! I was very busy, and didn't have time to edit, and gah! Thanks to my new, wonderful beta
He gets up again, energy replenished by the presence of Sherlock. He stumbles around the courtyard in a haze, looking everywhere for him. John calls his name, tears splashing onto the bumpy stone. Finally, John heads towards his little spot, needing some comfort in his frantic mind.
When he sees the sees the familiar hallway, he cracks a small smile and wipes away his tears. He couldn't be sad in a place like this, a place where he'd confessed his secrets to, a place where he'd poured his soul out to.
John raises an eyebrow. "You could come over to my house," he says. Cautiously, because he feels that rejection is imminent.
there is one last unfinished chapter i have not posted. maybe it will go up, along with the plans i had for the rest of the four chapters. i want you and this story to have closure.
John is shocked. "Really? Like, now?" he asks, running to catch up to Sherlock. He has really long strides. "Yes, John." Sherlock stops and turns around. "Now, which way is your house?"
"It's okay. I like your mother. She's... how do you say it... cool?" Sherlock lets out a small laugh.
Break ends, school starts again. Everyone is acting like they usually do, and it's so strange. For John to have everything changed, to have nobody beside him, an empty feeling constantly within him, but everyone is the
John stands sheepishly in the doorway of the kitchen with Sherlock standing slightly behind him. They're holding hands. John's mum wipes her hands on her apron and grins hesitantly. "Everything alright, then?" she asks quietly. The soft hairs of a peach skin tickles John's tongue.
When a taste floats into his mind, he dismisses it with a flutter of eyelids. He doesn't need any more reminders on how irregular he is now. He's already got it.
Sherlock's eyes are glistening, the galaxies in his eyes rippling as tears gracefully drip down. Like rain, they drip down where they land onto John.
, who despite being overloaded with work, still provided excellent feedback for this chapter. Thank you! Also, thank you to all that left beautiful comments. You all are amazing.
Oh my gosh, guys. I'm so sorry. Throw tomatoes (or any kind of vegetable or fruit, really) at me. Please. I'm so sorry for not updating last week, and yesterday too... I'm sorry. Also, I am the bringer of bad news. Due to the overload of work that teachers are piling on us as it is the last few months before end of school, updates will no longer be every Monday. They will most likely be two weeks apart, but as I am currently getting rid of my procrastination and am more determined to binge write chapters, it is only a possibility. Pray for me. Thank you for being patient and leaving such lovely comments. Also,
"Really." They're subconsciously swaying now, rocking from one foot to the other. It's like they're dancing to an invisible waltz, a waltz that only they can hear.
The teacher walks in and immediately shushes the rowdy students. John, of course, is sitting patiently with his hands folded loosely in his lap. John's always been told his whole life that he was the patient kind. The quiet kind. The kind that didn't make trouble.
Sherlock starts to chuckle, taking advantage of John's closed eyes as he stretches his neck up, trying to get into a sitting position.
The next day, after a strangely comforting night of dreams sprinkled with glimpses, but never interaction, John heads to the school office to ask about his missing heart.
The next time Sherlock is late, John is laying on the sofa again, with one arm thrown weakly over his eyes. "Sherlock... where were you," he whispers desperately. He is so close to sleep, and though he is never tired, sleeps to forget. He tries to forget about Sherlock, the way he neglects their meetings though he always denies it.
"James, I'm going to have to tell you and all the rest of the student to go back to your desks." Mr. Freeman clips every word of the sentence. He seems to be on the brink of anger and despair. His voice is a rumbling tide of thunder, but also contains a hint of a tremble. Phillip Anderson, a "friend" of Jim's, trips running back to his desk.
it hurts so much to say that, when the fandom was such a large part of my life. however, since season four, i have felt my interests waning. as bad as it sounds, i just don't care about sherlock anymore.
Surprisingly, Mary says yes to his proposal, and they decide to have a spring wedding. They plan, and plan, until all the decisions are made, though he doesn't understand most of the decisions they
into Mr. Freeman's classroom. Their hands are glued together, and John can't seem to wipe his silly grin off his face. Sally flashes them looks of disgust and Moriarty is mocking their entwined hands, but the pair of them couldn't care less. All they can see is each other— and, of course, Mr. Freeman's beaming face.
steps into the room and suddenly everything is cold. The figure yells, but it sounds like wind to the man's ears. He can faintly hear screams of
John's mother looks from John to Sherlock, Sherlock to John, and realization dawns in her eyes. A smile grows on her face as she sees that John is grasping for Sherlock's hand. "Oh, I'm sorry. My manners aren't what they used to be. Come in, Sherlock." She pulls the door open even further and gestures widely for her son and his boyfriend to step into the house.
They laugh, shoulders shaking and hands turning red from their clutching. Finally, they step into the living room. Their laughter dies down, and Sherlock suddenly looks... frightened. "John?" he asks, a hint of a whimper twisting around the syllable. His eyes widen in fear.
Walking home isn't a chore. Instead, it's a way for him to run through the events of the day back through his head. He wonders,
And then, on the last day of the break, Sherlock doesn't show up. Two weeks of delayed visits, and now this. John can't take it. His heart pounds. He thinks of the cliche, where hearts break and are shattered. It doesn't feel like his heart is broken, merely missing something that wasn't there in the first place, thought it pretended to be. As the day passes by and the time they were supposed to spend together draws to a close, John wraps his arms around himself. He lay on the sofa, his breaths the only sound in the room. John's mother treads into the room, seeing John's small figure curled in the dark.
John avoids Mycroft's eyes, though he can feel them. "Have you sent him away?" he asks, voice breaking at the end.
Sherlock always says that, but John can see the truth. With every visit, Sherlock is more ragged, his pupils dilated, throat always contracting to push out a raspy cough. His hands are always cold, though he owns a pair of leather gloves, and when he reaches to touch John, his movements are jerky. His lips, cracked and peeling. Teeth taste bitter and sour. John is always the one to pull away from soft kisses.
Maths finally ends, and John rushes out of the classroom, knocking into a few people along the way. They shoot him a few glares, but he doesn't dwell on them as he makes his way to his spot.
His beautiful angel's face looks like it's melting, with the sorrowful addition of deep bags and peeling skin. John can't look, for fear of his Sherlock running away and being replaced with another, one who would willingly delve into the depths of drugs.
John widens his eyes and faces Sherlock. "I can't take this! It's yours. Here, take it back." John tries to hand the phone back to Sherlock, but Sherlock just scoots farther away on his chair.
not here to hear them. Selfishly, he also doesn't want to taste anything. He'll die if he tastes one more home cooked, stupidly comforting meal.
to celebrate with, and John doesn't want anyone but Sherlock. He can taste sweet sour sugar crystals dipped in chlorine, and he needs something to drink, something to drown in, something to get rid of the saccharine flavor. There's nothing.
had just been sick the days he hadn't been to visit him. That would be a silly ending to so much trauma, though he somehow knew that it wasn't so.
Mr. Freeman gives John one last concerned look before directing all his attention onto his students. "Get out your math worksheets, we're going over the answers," he says as John starts subconsciously tapping his feet again.
The UPS man stares confusedly at John before handing John a package and turning away, shaking his head. The man mutters something about
"John, I can't do this, I can't," Sherlock's voice is hoarse, like the calm before the storm. "I- I've never had a friend, I can't be in a relationship, we've only known each other for a few months, and I can't-"
"Sherlock, welcome. Is he from school, John?" John's mother steps forward and hugs Sherlock tightly. When she pulls away, Sherlock looks a bit surprised, but quickly wipes the expression away, instead replacing it with an expression of happiness.
When the final bell rings, and all the students have burst out of the school, that's when John finally lets out his breath and lowers his guard. All throughout school, he keeps a watchful eye. For what, he isn't much too sure, but he's certain that this habit will come in handy one day.
He's just lowering himself on the couch for the seventh time when the doorbell rings. The ring of the bell storms its way through the house once before John rips the door open, crossing his arms, his phone loosely held in his left hand. "Sherlock, if you're ever late like this again I swear I'll break up with you-"
John blinks blearily, seeing his mum and a dark haired stranger standing near the door. "Mum... who's that..." he drones off. Before he drifts off back to sleep, he sees a pale, smiling face. "Oh, Sher..."
"I know." John pulls on Sherlock's hair again in retaliation, and breaks a dam. Sherlock gasps, his eyes widening as noises rush out of him, noises that he didn't even know he could make.
John's mouth drops open, and Sherlock reaches over to close it. Their skin connects, and he would swear later that he could feel an electric current running through his body, stemming from that spot. John's upper and lower lip jam together, and the bell rings. Sherlock retracts his hand and gracefully leaves, with John still sitting there stunned.
The man slips out of the house, collapsing on the sidewalk. And then he stops dreaming. After a proper goodbye from the Fifth Northumberland Fusiliers, John's on his own. He quietly hopes he'll find someone who he can share a flat with, but he knows that life isn't that kind. Barts thankfully accepts him again, but it isn't the same. People know that's he's scarred, full of memories of the battlefield, and they know not to mess with him. There's a timid woman who is always rushing in and out of the labs with cups of coffee in various stages of emptiness, but she never talks to him, only stares. He asks around and finds out that she's a pathologist. John doesn't know why he does that. He doesn't want to talk to her anyways.
John pulls a key out of his backpack, the lonely piece of metal the only thing hanging on his key chain. He unlocks the door, and they can see a stout woman wearing a flowery, threadbare apron standing in the kitchen. "John, love!" the woman— most likely John's mum— cries, rushes to John, and opens her arms. John stumbles into her hug and wraps his arms awkwardly around her middle. "Mum," John says, his voice muffled, "I want to introduce you to Sherlock." The taste of peaches swirls around his mouth, washing his teeth and tongue in it's sweetness.
John turns around, his hands shaking. The box drops to the floor with a soft thump, but he doesn't notice. Mrs. Watson is standing in the doorway of the kitchen with a concerned look on her face. "Are you okay?" she asks.
"This is like two days ago." His voice is blurred with tears, the last few words shaking out of his mouth.
If it is not from his military years of practice, John is already weeping at this point, but he refuses to do so and just kneeling in front of the tombstone, plain black marble without angle on top or pleasantries of “son, brother, best friend” that Sherlock deserves.
“I swear Greg that this is the last time I ask your help and the last time you see me, we can even pretend we don’t have this conversation. I need him, Greg”. John doesn’t know if it is from the tears leaking from his eyes or from the words, but he sees Greg’s walls crumble like a city that has been long in the fire then the flood comes, it crashes.
As it could be seen by Greg's team, Sherlock ushered John and Timothee out of the alley to the highway with his hand behind John's back and Timothee held John's hand tight. Greg had feeling that finally someone can reign two chaotic storms personified in one man and one boy with the leash of love and loyalty. He couldn't wait to see them the next day, who knew happy announcement would be very soon from Sherlock. Who knew.
"Father, Uncle Greg said to give maman the shock blanket" the child said to his father with his eyes still latched on John's face. The 'maman' call effect was attached deeply to John which he treasured so much to his memory. Meanwhile, the father looked so flustered and speechless with mouth gaping. John realized that the man was not only the older version of the boy but also the charismatic appearance was enhanced by the coat and black leather glove. Then, the complete realization dawned on John that he still had the man's hand on him while staring hard. The man that John knew from the smell was an unbonded Alpha.
'Wait for me, my dear boy'. Murmur full of affection and kiss on the forehead. He closed his eyes and listened the noise of dragging chair and bottles of water. John knew Sherlock tried to hurry, avoiding the drop of his subspace from the separation to Sherlock as his dom.
It's always pain me to say that the bois are belong to Mofftiss and BBC while i only own the plot. And if ya ever deal with demon and say that this reaction is not wild enough well hits me up on comments girls. Love you. Enjoy!!!
. The will gives a right of everything to John with the amount of money and assets that he does not know what to do with them all, and the trunk – clothes and books of the detective, was opened late because apparently depression from loss, making him tired all the time and bed was his own best friend now.
John is put back on the handle of his body as soon as when the demon possessed his body. It aches everywhere with an upcoming migraine on the horizon of his sighting. The place that was so bloody now left in ashes of corpses and blood which makes John throws up on the way out of the house. His hand that still holds the blade shaking uncontrollably until his other hand successfully put the scabbard on its place. He gulps in a heavy breath and leans on the bricks outside the manor.
the bird on his brain tells him with its so sweet as syrup voice yet it does not stop the cringe and the fear that keep bolting into his body every time he hears demon’s voice in his head.
Funny how is the portal of underworld recedes in the Battersea Power Station, place where Irene Adler showed up and announced herself
The pain stops instantly as it comes, and the blade’s handle is passed into his shaking hand. The demon now crawls into his own lap and before saying anything else the forehead is leaned on John’s then it is gone with John coughing so bad as if someone lodging a breath into his throat in immense weight and John knows,
It was dark, colour of indigo, the dark before full moon, with breeze and crickets. It was dark, like laying on his back in his childhood bedroom with light illuminated his ceiling from lamp post outside. Home. Safe. Secured.
John thought he was in the deep of pacific ocean. He was drown, surrounded by water, pressed by constant wave. He was drown but it didn't feel dying; he felt serene, peaceful, safe. Like the purpose of the water not hurting him but healing him.
Sherlock was asexual but it didn't mean he was lack of knowledge how to appease John's sexual needs. The firm and light touch of the tip of riding crop on his most pleasurable part were enough to sustain his imagination for decades. He sighed and burrowed himself deeper to Sherlock's arms.
He cleared his throat before answering the man's question before. "My name is John. John Watson". He gave the taller man a nod with his eyes casted down. It was considered inappropriate for Omega to stare eye to eye with Alpha. But then the gloved hand took his chin and let John knew the smile that plastered on the man's handsome face.
Sometimes he impulsively guts the men who like harassing women in the alley that if it is not for the ashes corpses he leaves, he might be called as a serial vigilante by now.
"Okay okay Greg, I will go home and take John to his home. Tomorrow I will accompany him to your office". If this Greg was surprised by that fast association between Sherlock and John, he didn't voice it out but with a raised eyebrow. He turned to his team when Sherlock started to take the shock blanket from Timothee's death grip and covered John's body with that gently.
Not only once he thought that it would only be John who’d be lost if Sherlock is kicked out from the equation of John’s life – although the present will support the argument, yet when Greg or basically the entire team of Scotland Yard breathed in relief when he came back in investigating from his practice that finally someone will put a leash on Sherlock, brandished or stamped “Only John”. It made him happy and treasured, although in strange fascination because of course, this is Sherlock what he talked about, the mess as storm the demanding as lord of war, but then when John was put next to Sherlock, he was able to smooth the raw and sharp edges of the detective. And he wants to cry so bad in train ride like a weak female character in the cheap novel when he thinks of everytime people assumed they were a couple with John’s firm denial yet Sherlock always ignored it like a silence of affirmation that
He texted Greg to meet him in the pub near Baker Street and not surprised to find the silver-haired man seated on the nearby window. It sends a memory of Sherlock and him, whenever the detective deigned the blogger a time to eat outside their flat, he will choose a seat near the window.
“Sherlock. I buried you here and I am so sorry to take a part of your resting home for my crazy plan, a madman who lost his best friend is who I am now Sherlock. I wish there is a thing called moving forward, but you cut the heal once you died, you infuriating man. I wish I can say more of the things you deserve to hear when you were alive, but even now I still cannot do it. I refuse to let you go, Sherlock, I refuse to give up on you. A bloke cannot sustain alone with too much misery. I promise I will bring you back”. John keeps wiping Sherlock’s tombstone while crying, and if breeze answers his plea he will think it is just the autumn wind.
John thinks he can see the wet around Greg’s eyes under the dim light of pub bulb above their heads, and he feels really shitty about this. “Greg, you know I need time and I know why you did things before. Hell, Greg, I understand, but what I don’t understand until now is why you couldn't believe Sherlock, you met him longer than me, but then you decided that he was fake and evil. How you could do that?”. John knows that he raises his voice as many heads turn to their table but he needs to let this anger out of his system.
On the train ride to Essex, John reminisces the time when he met Sherlock with his temple leans on the window. The mind which bulldozers any riddles in less than one kilometre in lightning speed thinking that creates wonder in
“No, Greg, that’s enough. I come here because I think you can help me, to mend things and so on. This is shit of me Greg but I really need that”.
But then, Greg would not be a detective like he is now if he is not determined and knows when to stop and to pursue – Greg is always the one who message him even when he knows John will not reply.
Losing was not something foreign to John Watson. He lost his father due to cancer when he was 10 years old, leaving Harry as the head of household, an alpha to be in charge of Watson's family. He lost his chance to get the privilege of studying medicine in college free without the needs to work two or three jobs at the same time. He lost Harry to alcoholism as the same time when their mother passed away, enveloping by the ground next to his father's grave. He learned to live with it, but nothing prepared him to the most fresh lost he encountered. The lose of his army life alongside the fertility robbed by the bullet which were stricken to his left shoulder that left his body's immunity running amok and ruining his reproduction system. An Omega without the ability to procreate, to conceive, to have offspring.
Not waiting for a response, he hung up his mobile with a muted grumble. The announcement fueled his need to find the killer and his frustration at his lack of ability to find any trail to follow that hadn’t already been tread seemingly millions of times. His expanding Pack was in danger of getting exposed and, with that exposure, made an instant target for the killer. After all, they were the reason that the killer (The
Sherrinford the wolf had stopped about twenty feet down the sidewalk where he paced back and forth along the curb for a few moments before trotting back to the van and barking sharply. Mycroft rolled his eyes. “Let him in.”
“Of course,” he replied with a small smile as he passed the other man to enter the foyer. “How is Molly?”
He wasn’t alone, invisibly shaking in the waiting room, for too long. Sherlock appeared in a swirl of his Belstaff, his face blank but his eyes showing a glint of fear. He sat beside him, not making a sound, rigid as a board, his verdigris eyes fixed on the operating theatre doors.
The flash of a camera bulb made her look away from her newest children and up at her husband. “They’re beautiful, Molly,” Mycroft murmured, moving to sit on the edge of their bed with a tired sigh. He stroked one of the twin’s hairy heads with a soft smile, his sentiment showing.
He folded his hands beneath his chin, closing his eyes to focus his thoughts and run through everything in his Mind Palace again, in case he had missed something.
“What handsome fellows,” John murmured, tickling Benedict’s chubby cheek. “Congratulations, Mycroft.”
He let the thought pass, his mind flitting elsewhere. John and Evelyn had gone out for the evening - Father-Daughter Time, they’d called it. He knew it was because the other man, his Mate, knew that he needed the space to think.
His vestigial tail wagged in his trousers, making him flush a bit, his mind flying to his growing closeness with the army doctor. John knew about the tail, of course. He had seen it a few times as he Shifted. The doctor would be surprised by the knot, unless Sherrinford had told him...He doubted it.
. “That I can do,” he breathed, “And I might be able to get some bacon, eggs, and toast cooking, too.”
“Daddy!” Evelyn projected rather shrilly in his taxed hearing (It had been vaccine day at the clinic), “I just love you! Isn’t that enough?”
She waited for a reply, her own thoughts becoming difficult to track. She pressed a hand to the glass, smudging it but needing it’s support.
“I actually asked the Detective Inspector to call you in. I-” The man bowed his head, tilting it slightly to the left, away from him. “I know that that bloody great dog yesterday wasn’t a dog.”
Her uncle smiled and stood, waving away the brief applause. “Thank you for having me, Ms. Crowley. I would like to say that, while the Lupus sapiens have times of inhuman thought and behavior, there is one very consistent variable. Once reminded of their humanity, of their ‘regular’ lives, theses men are, in fact, very human. When debating something that is Law, one must first look at it in terms of one that is effected by it. If you were born with the condition, or, heaven forbid, Bitten and became a Lupus sapiens, would you feel
“In Essex, Braintree,” the DI breathed heavily, his old age and lack of strict dietary regimen causing him to gain a bit more weight than the detective’d ever admit.
Beside him, Mycroft rolled over, his mouth falling open and a snore erupting from it. The sound startled the newborns, who began to cry, despite his comforting rumbles and gentle nudges. “Wah!” Molly exclaimed, startled awake by the mewling of her new children. Focusing again after the crying registered in her sleep addled brain, she murmured, “Oh, no! I’m so sorry darlings. Daddy’s a loud snorer, isn’t he?” She gently pulled both small, swaddled bundles into her arms. “I’m so sorry, Sherrinford. I never meant to sleep this long!” she smiled. “We’ll be alright here. Go! Eat, shower and please make sure that Nathaniel and Lucy are ready for school. The car will be here for them at 7:30. Tell them about their brothers but don’t let them in. Okay?” The woman yawned as she diverted her attention back to her children, shh-ing them gently.
The sight that greeted him was admittedly very unexpected. Sherlock was kneeling, back to him, with the arms and legs of a young teenager wrapped tightly around him like a barnacle clinging to the bottom of a boat for dear life. Evelyn’s breathing was erratic, making him instantly realize that the salt he was smelling came from her tears. The urge to run to his favorite niece rushed through him but his paws stumbled to a stop at the door jam. He whined and waited at the edge of his brother’s mate’s territory unable to enter another Alpha’s space without permission.
“May I present Immy’s gentleman caller, Dr. Sherrinford Holmes?” her mother announced to the gathering before pointing out the people that blinked up at him, their smiles turning sinister and sour. “This is Imogen’s brother, Frederick-” Nostrils wide, Sherrinford blinked once before giving her brother his hand, his face unreadable. “And my nephews, Andrew and Callum. They’re my late sister’s sons. My niece, Sarah and her husband, Joseph, Earl of Chestershire. My brother, Charles, Earl of Grantham and his wife, Margaret. Their children are all at university. Oxford.” More pleasantries were exchanged, including several tight-lipped smiles. Finally, the most uncomfortable exchange of the evening was made. “This is my father’s brother, Theodore, Lord Kensington, whom you’ve already met, I believe?” Her mother’s smile was positively poisonous.
“How are they?” the tired voice of Mycroft Holmes asked softly, turning the corner into the sunny room. “Is Molly resting?”
The Wolf, while obviously frightened, gave her a small look that could only be described as reassuring. His tags, wired to Mycroft, hung from his neck, capturing everything. She simply prayed that the eldest Holmes brother wasn’t too late.
“And a broken collarbone was much better than a dead Wolf,” the detective replied, “And now, she looks like she tried. When will the ‘real’ hit occur?”
He shook his head. “How are the little ones?” he asked, already cataloguing the changes in Molly’s figure since he had seen her last and changing the subject tactfully.
“Fine,” Mycroft replied, his steps ascending the stairs slowly as he talked, “Her waters broke about an hour ago. Now she’s in the tub.”
The British Government reached into his pocket, holding up a finger to the thirty watchers, and pulled a strip of jerky from his pocket. Not waiting for it to be offered, he gently snatched it from the hand and began moving further down the hallway. “Follow us, ladies and gentlemen, to the outside enclosures.”
He grinned back brightly, tongue lolling out. He gave her one final lick on the cheek before vanishing out the door and down the stairs to Sherlock’s flat. The man had enough robes that he could certainly borrow one for an hour or two.
She picked up her mobile again and stared at it, her eyes flashing back to the screen as the Wolf’s jaws, newly unfurled snapped twice, tongue running over those sharp and poisonous teeth. “Oh, Sherrinford,” she breathed through the sense of hopelessness that settled into her gut, “Why did it have to be this way?”
Suddenly, a flash of auburn erupted from the middle of the clump. Sherrinford was scrambling over the top, Frederick’s hand around his back right ankle as Sarah screamed, his claws biting into her scalp. With a fierce kick, the Wolf broke free and launched his body towards her.
“Me too, Evelyn. Me too. Though I’m glad that Uncle Sherrinford took such good care of you.” He could hear the smile in the other man’s voice, which made him flush with pride.
The Alpha gave a small nod before returning his attention to the man beneath him, his heavy head resting on the older man’s rising and falling chest. The sight made his heart ache. Slowly, he shut the door, and sighed. This was all his fault. If he had been rational, St. Pierre would never have learned of England’s lack of Pack and he never would have come. None of those men would have been Turned, no lives would have been lost, and John Hamish Watson would be whole and happy, not some question mark hovering over their unusual Pack unit. As much as Molly told him otherwise, he knew that this was his fault and that he was responsible.
Feeling like his heart was being torn out of his chest by a pair of forceps, he nodded, also fighting back tears.
He growled, letting the swift sensation roll through him. The man on the other side of the door was weak. He didn’t deserve to live as Wolf.
He nodded, knowing that his brother was well-meaning. He also knew that he was lucky to have the genetics that he did. He couldn’t imagine wasting so much time sitting around for bones to heal.
“Tom!” her favorite uncle shouted after a too-close-for-comfort miss, waving the natural born Pup back towards the grown-ups. The brown and black pointed ears and tail drooped, not pleased with being reprimanded. Sherrinford, for the time being, was more his parent than his biological set, teaching him how to survive in this new society that her family had created. The world of the Man and the Wolf.
He knew about the Shift but he was pretty sure that he never wanted to witness one for himself. Besides, having seen the young Holmes’ package once already, he did not need to feel inadequate again.
) found a place in the world with people who loved him, and those like him, and accepted him regardless of his oddities.
He toed his shoes off and lined them up by the door beside his brothers’ pairs and his wife’s pairs (
The buzz of her doorbell made her jump and smile. She rushed through her flat, jumping over a jumble of shoes that she should have picked up, and buzzed the incredible man that she could call her own into her apartment. “Come on up!” she called, pushing the button that unlocked the door downstairs, listening to the buzzing with the brightest smile on her face. After a count of ten, knowing that it had to be difficult to open a door with paws, she released the buzzer and opened her door.
Sherrinford whined again, turning to look up at her, his tongue hanging out almost tenderly. “I know,” she whispered, taking each step one at a time, one hand wound through the wolf’s ruff and the other on the bannister. “You have one very lucky nephew and I have one very lucky son.”
Her family closed in so much faster than she had thought possible. Her great-uncle grabbed her wrist and pulled her to kneel beside him as her cousins and brother converged around the unarmed man, weapons appearing from behind cushions and up sleeves. Her mother was shouting something about a pelt and her uncle Charles was cackling hysterically.
She laughed, a beautiful cacophony, as she waddled out into the hallway. “Are you coming, Darling? The Moon won’t wait for you!”
The teen looked at the pair of them with a completely unsurprised look on her face. Her lips quirked into a dry smirk that nearly match his own at times. A rush of pride went through him at the sight.
“Then you must be making all the other whales jealous,” he replied, placing a light kiss to her flushed cheek before inhaling lightly (
“Good! Good! Evy….stop!” The little ginger boy’s face was turning beet red, so she stopped, blowing a raspberry on his stomach before relaxing and leaning back on her forearms.
“Sounds good,” the pathologist said, still smiling, her hand patting her human child’s bum. “He was asking for a stool sample from Benedict’s diaper earlier today. I definitely didn’t give him anything - and I gave him severed toes for years - but, seriously…yuck.”
“What do you mean?” she asked, suddenly worried, her eyes darting back and forth between her two parents trying to decipher their silent conversation of subtle eye shifts and small muscle twitches.
The blur that was Mycroft rose and, after another gentle pat, left. His footsteps fell heavily on the wooden floor before the opening and closing of the door faded their tread from his ears. His remaining brother rumbled low in his chest and began bathing him again. With a heavy sigh, already bored of his predicament and really needing to speak with his siblings (and Imogen), he closed his bleary eyes and drifted off the sleep.
Finally, the bell tolled and she gathered her things, stuffing them into her sack and practically ran from the room. The air almost seemed to become less stagnant, a hint of freedom floating on it as her steps brought her through the corridor to her history classroom. She enjoyed history, despite what her Uncle told her about it being useless knowledge, and she was looking forward to the beginning of this lecture. Anything that got Sherlock Holmes riled up had to be fascinating, of that she was certain. Taking her usual seat in the front row (
Sherlock’s steady footsteps sped up a bit, the younger man probably jumping stairs in his rush to the table. The Full Moon was just days away and the other man’s dietary needs would be in overdrive. “The food will wait, Dear,” Mrs. Hudson chided from the floor below as Sherlock threw open the door to his flat.
are so rare that they are practically extinct in England. Fantasy really.” He snorted, trying to hide his growing wariness. The hair on the back of his neck was rising despite the fact that his logic insisted that he was not being threatened.
He would give the man his privacy, his gaze flickering to the front seats where Mycroft and a very pregnant Molly sat. Molly’s hand rested on her abdomen, stroking it tenderly through the light jacket that she was wearing. His elder brother, the Ice Man, had foregone his nickname to grab his wife’s hand, his thumb stroking the soft skin there as he drove.
Regardless of the rather humiliating muzzle, spiked choke collar, and thick leash that rested on his younger sibling when he arrived to pick him up, he was glad that the younger man seemed to be in one piece. He refrained from saying anything, filling out the proper paperwork before accepting the end of the leash with a blank face. Sherrinford, for once, remained just as silent.
. A warmth settled in his chest at the thought, knowing that he didn’t want to risk what he had with the man and child he loved either.
“To us. Don’t forget the other extinct supernatural beasts of the world.” He bit his lips, thinking. “I don’t think it’s them, though, Sherlock. If it is, then they’ve lost a lot of their technique and anything that they found noble.” He had his brother’s attention now, the detective’s sharp eyes focused on his. “My adoptive father was attacked by one when I was five. I hid under the bed and watched him tear into the man, yowling against wolfsbane laced knives.” He shivered. “Once the man was Bitten, however, he took something, probably cyanide, foamed at the mouth, and died. I had to stitch my father up afterwards…” He shuddered, loathing the memory. “The thing is, Sherlock, they didn’t discriminate their Hunting nights. They would have found this practice of killing with bullets and on the night where we are weakest as shameful and dishonorable.”
“Sherlock,” the man mumbled, pulling his coat and gloves off, stuffing the gloves into his pockets and hanging the coat on his hook by the door.
“Me too,” he murmured, turning his attention to the distraught natural born wolf kneeling on the floor.
He shook the ridiculous idea away, Sherrinford, in all his wolf wisdom, had told him that he would suffer no ill-effects except potential limited mobility and some residual pain. He would not become a Wolf from St. Pierre’s Bite.
“Imogen and I are going there Tuesday for our second date,” the other man murmured, still looking at the floor. “Do you think that I should cancel?”
“I think the question is: does your family want to enjoy an evening with you?” Mycroft retorted, earning him a sharp growl and a rumble of laughter.
She slid down the door, her kissed hand pressed to her pecked cheek. He told her about his childhood abroad - boarding school - where he had lived with a great uncle whom had died the year he moved home to England for good. It had been a lonely childhood, he said. He had few friends, most of them were in school with him, but he spent summers in the German countryside with his uncle. He had revealed to her that it was through the man’s acquaintances that he had been exposed to the Lupus sapiens and had developed the desire to study them.
She must have been just barely above five feet tall. She was slim but not sickly, her bare arms, which were holding a copy of Shakespeare’s Sonnets, flexing with thin muscle. Her black hair was pulled away from her face in a sloppy bun, loose wispy waves framing her face in idle ringlets, while her green eyes were staring at Sherrinford in shock.
Biting his lips, he broke eye contact with the grey-haired man. “I think that you and Sherlock could fix that issue,” he breathed, flushing. “But everything will be fine, John.” His eyes flickered upward to capture John’s equally grey eyes. “You are ready.”
“Sherrinford’s here, too,” his elder sibling droned, “Because Brother Dearest has some new information that he can share now that he’s verbal again.”
The older man nodded, knowingly. “We’ve been quite lucky, haven’t we, Evelyn?” Pressing a kiss to her temple, the man wrapped her into a side hug, surrounding her with love. John Watson was right. She was incredibly lucky and for that, she would be eternally grateful.
“John?” he asked, looking up from his musings, concern perforating his features. “Is everything alright?”
“I mean,” the original short man cut in, “We’re mostly janitorial staff. I was a teacher. Loved my job, the kids loved me. Now I’m cleaning the toilets in the evenings. Heaven forbid that I have any interaction with the students.”
Sighing, he stopped his pacing and laid down, his heavy head dropping to his paws. Everything was out of his hands and he hated it.
The doctor swallowed, diverting his gaze. “I do understand, Sherrinford. I-I am just hormonal or something.” He paused, shaking his head before meeting his eyes.
He leaned against his umbrella, his eyes scanning the moor. “Come back, Brothers Dear,” he muttered, checking his watch.
The babe whined rolling onto his belly as his human limbs became furry. “Shh, Darling,” he murmured, “Everything will be fine.” He stroked the soft Puppy fur along the boy’s spine. The whine settled into a low rumble as the blind Pup wriggled closer to his steady heartbeat and his warm chest.
can handle that,” he muttered, rolling his eyes with a huff. He had several patients that refused to reconcile their wolf with themselves. Their Wolves would not take well to being surrounded by thirty, potentially hostile, politicians. “We can pick and choose. Most of the problem cases will be in their enclosures where they can only be viewed from a distance or via CCTV.”
He cocked his head, slightly confused as to why his niece would want him to be present at a debate that greatly effected him personally. He nodded anyway, his eyebrow muscle still cocked. “Great!” the teen responded, beaming broadly, “I’ll ask my professor.”
Quickly, he went to his bedroom and stripped his clothing off and crouched, willing the Shift. John needed comfort, needed protecting, and his instincts screamed at him to take his hardier form to do so. The Shift was mercifully swift, being only a few nights from the Full Moon.
He inhaled, stiffening and straightening in his chair. With a click of his mouse, he stopped the feed and attempted to zoom in on the image there. The figure, entering the house through the front door (which Stevenson hadn’t locked, the idiot), was wearing a dark leather jacket with a black hoodie underneath. The hood was up, shading any trace of a face, but two things were certain: the killer was certainly male and the murder was certainly predetermined and planned.
“Don’t smile with your teeth,” his brother stated, moving to quickly stand beside him. He thrust his head under his brother’s waiting palm, needing the comfort that he could provide and a way to show that he meant nothing by the growl moments earlier. The man’s fingers massaged the top of his skull before tugging on one of his ears. “Teeth are a threat. Remember that instincts are still very much a part of the genetic make up of the Lupus sapiens. Also, before you do anything like pet him-” The man paused, no doubt raising an eyebrow at the women of the group who would forget that he was a man and see him as a ‘cute puppy’. “Ask. He will answer you. He is quite capable of more than rational thought.”
). With (What he deemed) a sympathetic frown, he continued, “I’m sorry for your loss, which is why I want to help you and catch his murderer.”
He was grateful but he missed the distraction at times like this. Nothing was coming to him. Nothing was making sense. All the leads that he had chased all over London today had been dead ends. He had run through several firms and had eventually come across the firm that had hired Trevor Stevenson fresh out of Oxford. They claimed the boy had been a good worker, that he had done well. Then, suddenly, ten years ago, they needed to downsize. Trevor was the only one who had lost his job.
The taller man narrowed his eyes at him, partially in confusion and partially in defeat, unsure of what emotion he should be showing on his face right now. “What do you mean, it’s all going to be fine!? It’s not fine, Sherrinford!
He sat with the woman for another hour or so, chatting away about anything and everything, including how much she missed working in the morgue and how she really wanted to get back to working in the lab to help create a medication to help the Wolves that wished to refrain from Shifting. He didn’t think that it would be possible, but he did know that he had patients that were still not connecting the Wolf within their human selves. Anything, including Sherlock’s wolfsbane injection, would seem like a relief to them.
Evelyn laughed, a beautiful sound in his mind, and shook her head. She was scraping the garlic bread, crispy and cheesy, from the pan and into a basket. With a small smile, she placed the basket onto the table and called, “Dinner’s ready!”
has yet to be leaked to the presses. Once I’m exposed, you will be put under the lens and some journalist will do some digging into your private records and will find out the truth.”
The other man glowered back at him before tipping his head slightly to the right. “Obsessing over something that hasn’t happened yet, or that may not happen at all, is not good for anyone,” the man murmured, his eyes hard but concerned. “Even you, Sherlock.”
Sherlock bumped his leg again, causing him to stumble a bit as they reached the gate of Baskerville but shaking him from his thoughts. Giving one of the massive triangular ears a scratch in gratitude, he pulled Mycroft’s keycard and key out of his pocket. The guards, armed to the teeth in case of an escape (There had never been one at Baskerville but other Transformation Centers had had break outs), looked at the two wolves impassively, obviously aware of who they were. “Good Evening, Dr. Watson,” the older guard, a corporeal intoned, raising the gate for them to pass through. “The moor is certainly beautiful tonight.”
The date went brilliantly. Sherrinford was the perfect gentleman, opening doors for her, paying the bill. He had even walked her to her door, where she fumbled with her keys, asking for a kiss. She would not have been upset if he had snogged her right there in the hallway, but, instead he pressed a delicate kiss to her cheek. “May I call on you again?” he murmured, his blue eyes wide and innocent.
The older man obeyed, his own fingers trembling a bit. His grip tightened on his swaddled baby, holding him tighter against his chest as he leaned forward slowly.
“That’s incredible,” his favorite niece breathed, her hand brushing some of her cousin’s hair from his brow. Her sharp eyes snapped to meet his own. “Why Shift back and forth for less than two seconds?”
The Moon hung high in the sky, her beams painting the lawn almost white. Sherlock slowly rolled onto his stomach and hoisted himself from the grass. He yawned pointedly at his mate who suppressed a yawn of his own. “Bed?” the soldier asked quietly. He nodded, heading back through the garden to the back door. John, obviously surprised that he had chosen to take his parents up on the offer of the spare mattress, opened the door and let him in. With a protracted sigh, he moved to the soft surface and lay down, stretching into his human shape.
The reflection that looked back at her was disappointing to say the least. She had ink on her cheek that was stubbornly refusing to come off, despite multiple washes and the shower. Her foundation, something that she really disliked wearing, made it look like a wine-colored stain on her skin. With a sigh, she applied her eyeliner and mascara, allowing her green eyes to pop under her raven hair, which hung loose about her shoulders in light waves.
Thomas was Shifting nervously in his arms, as if the little one could sense the importance of what was to come. In a few hours, he would be Shifting for a prolonged (By his young standards) period of time. He himself couldn’t remember his First Shift - he had been so young, after all. A literal newborn in his mother’s arms.
The older man gently handed his wriggling parcel over, Thomas’ pink nose flaring and snuffling. “He’s all yours,” John murmured, smiling, “I’ve got to call Evy anyway, let her know that her favorite uncle’s doing just fine.”
“Six months approximately,” he said, “I can care for him after that - until he’s plenty old enough to understand how to behave, no matter the form. I can care for him on Full Moon nights, keep him from trouble. He probably won’t be able to control his Shift until he’s about three or four. Plenty of time for him to learn how to behave properly.”
Needing to dissipate some of the tension, the Alpha of Baskerville sprang into the conversation/growling match. “We don’t need to antagonize one another. Please. Can’t we simply enjoy the now?” Sherrinford smiled secretively, his gaze shifting to his Mate. “How about you, Imogen?”
Sherrinford shook his head, resulting in his entire body shaking, his claws skittering on the wooden floor. “No,” she read from his body language. “You were already awake?”
“Too bloody early in the morning if you ask me,” the Natural Born Wolf murmured with a soft chuckle. “I fear I’ve gotten less sleep than either of the parents, tending to Nathaniel and Lucy as well as being up with the newborns. Maybe I can sneak away while you’re here, catch another hour or two?”
He sighed, trying to banish the guilt that he felt over the pet project that had become a restricting, gagging Law. He had felt bad about it when Sherlock was made subject to them, worse when Sherrinford, who had been rather unrestricted in his upbringing, had to restrain himself in ways that he had obviously been raised not to, and now, Thomas was at risk of being raised as a second class citizen. Something needed to be done, and quickly. The reason Lestrade wanted to meet had to do with what his brothers had uncovered yesterday, of that he was certain. What he expected him to do about it, he had no idea. There were bigger fish to fry at the moment. Mainly, finding a way to amend his unjust Law.
The statesman nodded, rubbing his face as he sighed heavily again. They both looked back the crime scene, watching the younger Holmes boys traipse through it. Sherrinford’s tail was wagging as Sherlock’s coat fluttered about him like giant wings. It was all rather ridiculous looking, making him glad that the Chief Inspector wasn’t here to see the comedic scene that was playing out before him. If he had been, he’d be finished.
They sat in compatible silence for a while until Mycroft’s rather loud entrance, complete with door bang and umbrella being thrown into the holder. Benedict, napping soundly in his bassinet until then, shrieked at his abrupt wake-up call. His brother’s distress sent Thomas howling, the shrill sound making his heart leap within his chest and his Wolf scramble against his human facade, trying to escape and toss his own head back in a howl of his own.
They were being reduced to dogs in shelters or common criminals and he loathed it. He suppressed a shudder at the thought of what his brothers would say, fixing his rigid, unfeeling mask in place. The session was called to a close with the promise of continued discussion on Monday. There was nothing he could do until then except gather as much information about the need for Lupus sapiens in British Society with fewer restrictions and an emphasis on their humanity.
The blonde was still grinning at him; his face more youthful than he had seen it in years. “Well, as wonderful as this has been, Sherlock, I think that I should dress at least before your parents come in and find us.”
He woofed quietly, dancing from paw to paw. He had forgotten his collar, so he ran to grab it from his dresser as his brother entered the flat. “What are you up to?” the younger man asked, bending to take the collar from his mouth. “You want this on, I assume.” His fingers scratched his ruff playfully as he closed the belt of leather around his neck and tucked the tags behind it. “Are we going out?”
“It’s so wonderful to see you!” he chuckled, their enthusiasm welling up with in him, unable to resist. He nuzzled them absently, inhaling their similar scents. “How are you? Tell me everything that you’ve been up to!”
to.” John gave him a tender look. “Look, Sherlock, I don’t want to argue. I just want to take your mind off of this case. It’s driving you batty. You’ve been at it for a month and it’s gone nowhere and I know what your like on unsolved cases.”
The twins agreed, of course, thrilled to spend time with him. They chattered away, talking about all the things that they were going to do with him. They rarely were able to see each other - they believed that he lived at Baskerville, as Mycroft and Molly had kept them rather sheltered from the world of the Lupus sapiens. The great surprise of the evening, however, was yet to be revealed. Their small worlds would be completely turned upside down - he just hoped that it would be for the better. Their younger sibling would not be able to control what he was no more than he could and he prayed that his siblings would be as understanding as Sherlock and Mycroft.
Compelled by the Moon, he shook out his coat and tossed back his head, howling. The sound was quickly joined in harmony with that of Sherrinford, making the flat ring with their music. Turning, eager to find his Pack mate, he trotted to the door, pushing it open with his nose. The auburn Wolf was waiting for him in the hallway, head lower than his and cocked slightly to the left.
“She is,” Sherrinford stated confidently, “She and I spoke on the phone this morning and have come to an agreement and we’ve begun to create a plan to take down her family and to take down Kensington. He’s the patriarch and, as a government official, has access to my patients’ files.”
He knew that Sherlock was worried by his odd behavior over the past few weeks. He’d be lying if he said that he, himself, wasn’t terrified. He most certainly was. He had never felt this way before and his mind and heart continued to chase circles around each other, each one lacking the courage to finally put an end to this Purgatory.
He knew that Sherlock was tailing them and it irked him a bit (Fine. It irked him to no end). It was difficult to concentrate on Imogen when his Alpha was wandering, not so inconspicuously, behind him. The detective had been trailing him all evening, ‘eating’ at the back of their Indian restaurant, and was now he was traipsing about with his popped collar and blue scarf about a block behind them.
“You don’t have to say anything else, Darling,” the man murmured, “We’ll figure everything out. Together.”
He was at home today because, whether Molly believed it or not, the new twins were coming and they were coming soon. He wouldn’t escape to one of his other offices until those precious babies were in the nursery and Molly was sleeping for more than five hours at a time.
strict a disciplinarian (Mycroft had already done a right good job of that) and they needed to learn that having fun was possible. As the younger, and
Regardless, he was glad to hear heavy footsteps mingled with the whimpers of the babies around six the following morning. He was tired and, knowing the importance of the day, could frankly use a nap. His patients, having been alerted to the important guests that they would be receiving that evening, would, without doubt, be arriving early.
Sherlock had already taken his seat and was unceremoniously shoveling a rather large portion onto his plate. Placing his hand on his child’s shoulder, he gestured her to her seat. “We can make him a plate for later. I’m sure he has a valid excuse for missing dinner. Something must have come up.”
He suddenly understood Sherlock’s desperate devotion to the injured John Watson from the previous months. He got it. But, as much as he hated leaving her side, he knew that he needed to see to his other patients.
Sherlock glowered at him from the bed, white sheets pulled halfway up his chest to reveal the knitting bullet wound in his shoulder. John was beside him, his arms crossed over his chest, obviously not pleased with their rather difficult patient. Sending the man a sympathetic nod, he turned his full attention to his older brother. “Sherlock,” he stated authoritatively, “You have a shattered scapula. You are not moving that arm for another two to three days. If you think you can do that without getting out of bed…”
“He was human,” the consulting detective stated. “There is a second, fainter scent in this room. It’s mundane but is tinged with gunpowder. Gunpowder, cedar....wolfsbane.”
The backdrop of Baskerville, with the line of tourists that trekked through the old buildings where Sherlock had first transformed and Sherrinford had taken his stand after his public Shift at Parliament, was almost romantic at this point in her life. So many important things had happened there. Her uncle and her soon-to-be-aunt were living there, along with their charge, her cousin Tom, and she came and went as she pleased. They had a guest room just for her, which she greatly appreciated, and Sherrinford had promised her an internship once she was in uni in a year or two. Unlike her father, he understood her fascination with the Lupus sapiens and he understood that she wanted to help them, and, maybe one day, in the future, go through the process to join them. Started by her soon-to-be aunt and approved by her fiancé, the process was similar the process that those who are transgender undergo., Those who desired to be ‘Bitten’ had to undergo several doctor visits and therapy sessions to be sure that they understood the risks and never lost their want of the end result. Once they were approved by the experts, they would receive an injection of venom (extracted through a rather painful process from her favorite uncle’s salivary glands) under the light of the following Full Moon. Over the last eighteen months, after Imogen Crowley became the first of the next generation of Turned Wolves, there had been a total of ninety-seven individuals who had joined the Lupus sapiens ranks.
He chuckled, taking the thirteen year old in his arms and gave her a tight squeeze. “I’ll take it, Darling,” he chortled, ruffling her hair. “So what do we have here?”
The statement made him laugh, Sherlock’s rather un-phased face making it all worthwhile. John, pulling his trousers on and climbing off the bed, at least had the decency to blush at being caught. “And John won’t let me use his gun in the house.”
Sherlock was not old enough to remember losing Sherrinford the first time but he remembered it as if it were yesterday.
Bounding down the hallway, tail wagging and tongue lolling cheerfully, was Sherrinford Holmes. “Hello Handsome,” she murmured, kneeling in her doorway, opening her arms. “It’s nice to finally meet you.”
The best part was that, once he had climaxed (with an adorable ‘Oh!’), they were joined together until the swelling at the base of his member deflated. During that time, he simply held her close, humming and rumbling in his chest as he scented her and teased her with little kisses. While conjoined, every movement one of them made, thrilled the other one. She was pretty sure that she had never climaxed so much in her life simply from the touch of another.
“I’ll hold you to that,” she beamed, cradling Thomas to her chest, cooing nonsense to him as he gathered some clothes from his closet and threw them on.
Imogen laughed, the action jostling her a bit too much. “Ow!” she moaned, pressing a hand to her brow.
“It’s alright,” she said, gesturing to the mattress beside her with her head, her arms full of her new twins. “Come meet your nephews: Thomas and Benedict.”
“Just call me Eddie, please,” the younger man said, shifting a bit in his chair. “Mr. Chatterpole’s my father.”
It had been after that when the Wolf began to leave his slumbering daughter’s bed for his. The first few nights had been awkward, waking with a naked Sherlock Holmes thrown over his body in a protective gesture. Even the werewolf woke with a bit of a blush. After that, John slept under a blanket or two, with the Wolf on top of the comforter - next to each other, but with barriers between them once the transition back to human took hold. He smiled at the memories. He felt whole now - no gaping hole left by Mary, though he missed her terribly. He was beginning to understand why so many people truly loved their pets, the werewolf reminded him of that every Full Moon. Not that he’d tell the detective that - he was not a tame Wolf, after all, and the man refused to be classified as an animal.
Turning his head, he breathed in and enjoyed the view. It had been a month since he’d been to Baskerville and he was glad to be coming back. It gave him a sense of homecoming, even though he loved spending his moon with his potential lover and their mutual child.
When they arrived at Downing Street and had knocked on the door, he was a bit surprised to find Sherrinford there to meet him, dressed rather shabbily in jeans and an old t-shirt, his feet bare and his hair mussed. The man smiled, tilting his head to the left ever so slightly as he stepped back.
Beside them sat her Aunt Molly, a wide-brimmed hat on her head and her hand on the knee of the man she had married. The man that was currently nose-deep in his mobile, no doubt controlling the Free World as only someone who held a minor position in the British Government could. Lucy and Nathaniel were racing about the paths that surrounded them on their bicycles, dodging their rather mobile younger siblings. Benedict never got close to catching a bike but Thomas, his jaws nipping at the tires, was bound to get hit.
“I’m not much of a cook, but I can certainly try!” The man shifted uncomfortably, grabbing her pink robe off the floor with a flourish.
Imogen snorted and smiled again, her teeth out. “After all the excitement at Baskerville, all you could think about was me?”
“Look, Sherlock,” he shot back defensively, his own teeth unsheathing, “You utter arse! You don’t think anyone would be suspicious of a bloody great dog running through London with a pair of trousers and a t-shirt in its mouth? Think again! People are on edge - Evy is evidence enough! Plus the murders! We’re not welcome here! So
He exited the flat quickly, surprised to find John (in a fresh jumper) and Evelyn, looking extremely excited, waiting in the stairwell. “Let’s call a cab and get this over with,” he intoned, flipping the collar up on his Belstaff and hurrying off down the stairs.
“You're on speaker, Mycroft,” he groaned, not really understanding why his bother couldn’t simply come.
Closing the door to her flat behind her, Imogen swept back into the kitchen to grab her hastily prepared meal and brought it to the table. Scrambling a bit, she tried to make it look presentable only to have a pair of strong arms wrap around her waist from behind. “You don’t have to do that,” a husky baritone whispered in her ear, “You cooked for me - after everything that’s happened. I’m already impressed.”
“She’s not,” he replied, “The woman is not that great of an actress and she doesn’t smell like a threat.”
“I brought the files that you asked for, Sherrinford,” the grey-haired man stated as he stepped through the door, pausing to take in the foyer, his eyes widening. “Nice place.”
She sighed. “What am I doing?” The doctor - Sherrinford Holmes - was so good looking. Tall with coppery, auburn hair and deep blue eyes that seemed to hold the knowledge of how the world worked. He nobly fought to protect and aid the outsider while members of her family shut them out. “How did I catch his eye?” She shook heard head, jumping at the sound of a solid knock on her flat’s door.
Nathaniel blanched slightly, leaning in with a whisper, even as his eyes locked on something further down the hall. “Is it because of the Wolf?”
“Hello, Sherrinford,” she breathed, watching the man’s lanky body enter from the bedroom. He was a bit worse for wear, looking exhausted. His hair was rumpled and unkempt, rather scruffy patches of facial hair clung to his cheeks and around his mouth, and his eyes, still alert, looked weary and sunken. His body was covered in bruises and his gait had a slight limp to it. He was only wearing a sheet.
She simply raised her eyebrows as another contraction froze her muscles. A warm gush escaped her legs, soaking the sheets and mattress below her. “
“I never said that, John,” he muttered, hurt that the other man had guessed his plan of action. There were moments, like this one, where the other man continued to surprise him - one of the many reasons why he loved him.
He stopped outside his door, his hand on the knob. “The Moon will be rising in about an hour. I tend to Shift before then. If you wish to observe, you may. I only ask that you remain well back. Even I can become discombobulated on occasion.”
Staff rushed about, inclining their head at them as they passed bearing dishes of glasses and hors’ doeuvres. She could feel the man she loved bristling and tightening beside her, unused to the elevation that came with old order wealth and the vast amount of staff that it took to maintain a home of this size.
) but he would miss the open space of the park. His Mate would be frazzled and cranky, no doubt, driven there by his complete boredom and penchant for tearing around like a furred wrecking ball in the moonlight.
“He’s been sent through rigorous tests before performing any tasks,” he stated with a smile. “My younger siblings have been trying to find a way to solve your case and so, he is in town with Sherrinford as his…handler for the time being.”
“Hello,” Lucy said softly, waving at the pair. The Wolf whined, tail going, ears pricked and attentive.
“I’ll come with you,” the doctor said, buckling his belt and planting another kiss on the brunette’s brow. “I’ll be back in a few minutes.”
). The midwife’s eyes had widened at the barely noticeable vestigial tail on Thomas Olivier but she didn’t say anything about it, which made her feel better about the obvious differences from his twin brother, Benedict Marlow. Here, wrapped in her arms, they appeared to be exactly the same, their eyes closed in bliss as they nursed the nutritious colostrum from her breasts.
“Is it bad that I am more nervous now than I was when I Shifted in front of Parliament?” he asked, laughing nervously as he stood and smoothed his suit. His hand stopped over the bump in his shirt, his fingers closing around it nervously. As an afterthought, he pulled the lump from beneath his shirt and let his tags hang over his tie. He was done hiding.
, he mused before forging ahead. “I really like you, Imogen. Very, very much, but my work is going to take me away for a while. I-I know that it’s too much to ask you to wait for me. You’re beautiful and intelligent and independent and someone else will inevitably come along who will prove to be a better man than me, but…” He paused, gathering his courage, his hands wringing in his lap, “Would it be alright if I called you sometime? I can let you know when I’m back in the neighborhood - we could get coffee or have dinner or something? I…”
He cocked an eyebrow, his lips quirking. “You think that the other K13s would be willing to Shift for the Yard?”
“You’re worried.” His elder brother could read him like a book, as usual. “You don’t want to make Evelyn worry needlessly, but there’s a werewolf killer on the loose and you have nothing to go on. So, naturally, you’re keeping John and Evelyn here for the Moon, in case the killer attacks Baskerville. They can help with the twins.”
Trying to refrain from being noticed, the gathering nodded in acknowledgement. Sherrinford, tilting his chin up a bit, he laced his fingers through those of the teacher and headed towards the main road, where a government-issued cab waited to bring them towards the waiting battlefield.
“Boring,” he stated, “It’s the mob, as dull and as boring as that could be. They use corpses to smuggle drugs. The case has been going on for years, discreetly of course. Grandpa is probably halfway to Ireland by now.” He exhaled. “Next?”
He growled again. It sounded weak in his human voice and it made him grind his teeth in frustration.
Gesturing to the seat next to her, Ms. Crowley began the class. “Ladies and Gentlemen, I’d like to introduce our guest today. This is Dr. Sherrinford Holmes, one of the leading experts in the study of Lupus Sapiens. Dr. Holmes, before we begin our debate, would you mind enlightening us to some of your own thoughts on the subject matter?”
“Thank you,” the older man murmured with a soft smile, his eyes darting to his youngest son. “They were quite the surprise.”
The detective held the remains to his nose before coughing, gagging at the stench as he tossed the charred plant into an evidence bag. The bag was then shoved rather unceremoniously at him without so much as a glance. “The killer must have been standing, behind the barrel-” He wandered around the back, aiming his fingers at the entrance to the alley. “See. The angle of the body suggests that the shot came from here, where the skip from the restaurant would provide additional cover from the street. The flame and smoke would have hidden him from Hampsted - slight night blindness and diminished senses - and, while he was distracted, either by his cigarette, the butt of which can be found to the right of the skip along the pub wall by the entrance to this delightful place to die, or by the horrid smell and loud bang that accompanied it, the hunter shot him once, though the chest, and, while making his escape, through his skull - just to be sure. Quick, relatively painless, and overly simple. The same MO as our last murderer.”
, he mused. Looking at the woman that his little girl was becoming, he realized that she needed to spend some time with Molly. While his body was changing, her’s was too (Though it was certainly in a more natural way). He had attempted to give her the ‘birds and the bees’ talk when she had turned ten, but it did not go well.
. She grinned, her attention straying from her schoolwork to think about visiting her favorite uncle tomorrow. She’d really missed him since he’d moved out to care for Thomas. There were times when he was the only person she could really talk to, it seemed. He always seemed to understand her and now, despite her parents and Mrs. Hudson, she felt alone.
” He could feel the power in his own words, his long suppressed Alpha nature rushing through him like a shot of adrenaline.
, he noted, scribbling it on his notepad before raising his eyes to see a panting, dull brown Wolf scrambling to it’s paws, nostrils wide.
He father, usually so unshakeable, looked a bit startled. “Whuh-what, Angel? No, no I’m not. That’s a rather silly thought, isn’t it? I’ve never really disappeared on the Full Moon, have I? I’m always here, with you.” He paused, cocking his head. “Why do you think I am?” He smiled at her, though he raised his chin slightly, like he did when he was trying to prove a point in an argument with Uncle Sherlock.
“Positive thinking, Mycroft!” John cut in, knowing full-well that his Mate would Shift if he needed to defend himself.
After all, most Turned were less than thrilled at their lot in life right after transitioning. The medicinal aid research had fallen a bit to the wayside, but, with a Wolf murdered in cold blood, it might be something to pick up. Being able to hide in plain sight might come in handy…
The younger man cocked an eyebrow, shooting her a quick glance. “Well, he would be the one to ask. Better do it sooner rather than later, though. My younger brother may have been born a Wolf but he lacks the instinct for self-preservation.”
When the knock on his door sounded, he instantly decided that it was his least favorite sound in the world. “Coming,” he groaned, rolling off his stomach and pulling his t-shirt down.
Thankfully, his father left them alone after that, a knowing twinkle in his eyes. His parents were over-protective, and had been since Sherrinford’s ‘death.’ It had only gotten worse since his own Turning; he could smell the worry in their loving scents along with something else. His father, at least, seemed pleased that he and John had found each other, and had created a rather unconventional life together.
“You can pet him,” Sherrinford murmured, reading his body language easily, “But let him sniff you first.” The twins followed his instructions and re-met their uncle. Sherlock became the big teddy bear that he usually became in his four-legged form. Eventually, the Alpha’s Mate nudged them towards the door and their cousin and new siblings.
“The same to you.” He hung the phone up before quickly tapping out an email. The more files he could get, the better. He simply hoped that they would be enough.
“That’s because they were caught,” he murmured, meeting the swirling eyes of his sibling. “We are more adaptable. We can live in the woods, avoid human contact - go feral, as it were. You’ve done it - I’ve done it. A day as a human in the middle of nowhere is not fun but it is not as difficult as one might imagine. That’s how we escaped, that and sound, human logic. There is a reason why the strain from Mum’s family survived while all the other British bloodlines died out: We’re highly intelligent stock.” He sighed, rubbing his face tiredly. “I guess it was too much to hope that all the media attention would keep them away.” His eyes narrowed thoughtfully. “You think they’re behind the New Moon murders.”
“They’re sleeping in the nursery,” he murmured, having to throw his arms out to stop the twins from running. “Wait! Wait!” The twins looked at him, their eyes pleading at him to let them go. “There are a few things that you need to know before I let you go to them.”
“Nana!” Evelyn said, wriggling from Sherlock’s grip and hugging her fiercely around her waist. “I’m glad you can come to dinner.”
“The first shot was to the back,” John said. “Besides that, I can’t confirm anything until Molly autopsies the body.”
Even after all these years, it still made him smile to find John in awe of his ability to read the situation through the obvious details. Or at least what was obvious to him. He smirked at the other man. “I won’t go out tonight, John, but everything will come to light eventually. I will be compromised sometime, somewhere. Sherrinford will fall, too. But no one will come for you or for Evelyn. You will both be safe.” He sat bolt upright, fixing his Mate in his heterochromic gaze. “I swear to you, John.”
“How old will that be?” Evelyn asked, her eyes wide but focused on her cousin who had Shifted again, curling into a ball and drifting back to sleep.
“Pop.” Sherlock rolled the title about in his mouth like a wad of chewing gum. He popped both P’s with relish. “That makes me sound like an old man,” he grumbled.
The Pup yowled again. “What gave that away?” he chuckled, jostling the Pup in an attempt to quiet him. He beamed at his sister-in-law as he pulled a bottle from the fridge and began reheating it. “I’m going to give him to Sherlock for a bit. Keep him from tearing your guest room apart.”
) chimed in, her small, shining face appearing in the window pane above his head. “Can we keep her?”
He shook his head slowly, trying to remember anything. He had been so young... “Argent, Empoisonner, Verseuchen, Silbermann, Silberkugel. Anything having to do with silver or poison usually has a root in the Hunters. They weren’t exactly subtle, many of their ancestors taking their names from their weapons of choice.”
“Yes, yes, you can go.” The violinist’s hand waved him away like a pesky maid with a tea tray. He bit back a growl.
The other man gave him a squeeze, causing him to release a teasing growl. “You know what I mean, Sherlock. I can’t believe that we took the next step in our relationship. We’re officially Mates now, right? At least that’s what your brother will say.”
The detective shot his Mate an equally hard look before softening his gaze to look at the young woman. “Evelyn,” the dark haired man said softly, “It is not that I do not want to be your second parent. I do consider it to be an honor that you asked. I am sure that your Uncle Mycroft could run up some papers, set up a legal guardianship. However, I think that you could just call me Sherlock. That way I am not called by some name a grandfather would be glad to be known by.”
but face it, you’re just as afraid as I am of being discovered. Though, in all honesty, I’m surprised that my
Imogen cuddled a bit closer into his youngest brother’s side, the tall man’s arm going around her shoulders protectively. He pressed a kiss to the top of her ebony hair, inhaling her scent.
He nipped at the man’s fingers playfully before tucking in to the steamy flesh. The delicious juices slid down his throat, the meat’s tang settling his rumbling stomach. The rabbit didn’t last long, and he eventually sat back on his haunches and licked his wolfish grin. He inhaled deeply before releasing his mirth to the sky, his howl echoing for miles. John joined him, his elegant neck catching the Moon’s beams, painting it silver.
Her eyes were glued on his sandwich as he restuffed the onions and looked over at her pointedly. “Are you eating something?”
A sense of adventure overtook him and he began to romp about the rooms in earnest, his claws taking grooves out of the room’s once perfect oak floor. The tub was large enough that he was able to jump in and slide from one side to the other with an undignified yip (Something that he did twice). Leaping back out, scrambling for purchase on the tile flooring, he scurried from the loo and leapt up onto the window seat, flopping on it and rubbing and scratching his back into the silvery-grey cushions. Smugly, he jumped off, pleased to find his scent sinking into the room and his fur coating the once pristine furnishings. Fixing his eyes on the prize, he leapt onto the bed and rolled about, rumpling the sheets and scenting the bland comforter with his own comforting aroma.
He gave her a nod and, licking her wrist’s pulse point as he passed, made his way into the depths of the flat. There was a door about halfway down the hallway that was slightly ajar. It smelled a bit of denim and faintly of cotton, telling him that it belonged to his eldest nephew, Nathaniel. A deeper sniff revealed that the room hadn’t been occupied in a few months. Deciding that it was as good a room as any, he snaked through the gap between the door and the jam. He stretched upwards into a Shift, cracking his back and limbering his tense shoulders, and closed the door behind him. The bed beckoned and he obligingly pulled the comforter down and crawled in. Sleep came quickly, as it usually did, and he settled willingly into it’s clutches for a time.
“Besides,” the doctor continued, taking a seat in his comfy arm chair, “You’re Registered but not on the public Registry, knowing Mycroft. Neither is Sherrinford, and Thomas won’t be either. Thanks to Mycroft I’m sure.”
Progress was slow. The filthy water and thick waste slowing their already tired steps. John plowed ahead, his torch lighting the walls eerily, casting long shadows. His own torch, held along his gun barrel, only revealed tributary tunnels, rats, and piles of shit. “We should check these smaller side tunnels,” he muttered to the two men beside him, knowing that the tunnel would carry his soft statement to the Wolves. “If I was hiding, I’d be in one of those, not in the main drag.”
“Oh my God,” Molly breathed before rising, her eyes stuck on her newborn. She yelled, “Mycroft! He’s SHIFTING! OUR LITTLE THOMAS! HE’S
Cheeks flushing a deep red, the small woman spun in the arms of her lover and stood on her toes to chastely steal a kiss from his thin lips. “I know but I can’t help but feel inadequate...”
He whined again, pulling his long, heavy body onto the bed, the mattress shifting beneath his considerable bulk.
, the DI reasoned, and replied with a single nod. John likewise picked a tunnel and plunged in, leaving him standing alone in the suddenly dim and silent sewer wondering if splitting up was such a great idea.
Sherrinford trotted forward with a soft bark and a swift wag of his tail, his tongue lolling out of his impressive jaws and around the tennis balls he had in there. “I am glad to hear that, Sir,” the corporeal replied, a small smile playing at his lips. “All quiet here, though I’m sure Mr. Holmes the elder will be able to fill you in with more detail.”
It had all begun seven years ago, when he had taken his position as the Baskerville veterinarian and general Lupus Sapiens specialist...
Pulling a hand away, he grabbed the wand and placed it over the moving portion of the woman’s stomach. The wand shook a bit in his hand as his nerves mounted. “It’s alright, Sherrinford,” the mortuary murmured, placing a hand over his and guiding it to her stomach. “Let’s meet your new nephew.”
“In more ways than one,” Sherrinford murmured, cradling the Pup into his warm chest with a strange look on his face. His blue eyes shot up to meet those of the doctor. “Would you like to hold him, John? Let him smell you so he can recognize your scent?”
A knock sounded on his door. “Sherlock?” Sherrinford’s baritone cut through the wood. “May I come in?”
Sherlock, hearing the bounce of the balls, was instantly up and running, snatching a ball mid-bounce and bowling into him with a faint growl. He shoved back, picking up his ball again and dancing from foot to foot. With a sigh and a shake of his head, Mycroft handed something to John. “Take them out. Make sure they don’t get too near to the other enclosures. They know how to behave - I’m not quite a certain with the others.”
He glowered at the shorter man, not even trying to suppress a snarl. The sound ripped out of his chest as his teeth flashed. John simply cocked an eyebrow. “
“Great! I’m so excited to meet some werewolves.” She beamed completely unaware that she was held in the arms of one of two Natural Born Wolves in the United Kingdom.
The woman (Most likely in her late twenties or early thirties) blushed, taking his hand. “Imogen Crowley. Thank you for coming, though, I must say that this debate will make you wish that you hadn’t.”
he thinks as he climbs into bed and flicks off the light. He reaches and grabs the edge of his blanket, pulls it over himself, and closes his eyes.
The pair head to the living room again, and John turns the television on. He has to turn the volume up because the sizzling of the pans on his mother's stove top.
John drifts through the day until he gets home. He realizes that he had never been to Sherlock's house. If Sherlock even had a house. What if he had only... imagined Sherlock?
The taste of a fresh roast melts on his tongue, but he dismisses the taste with a brief close of the eyes. He stares curiously at the new student, as is everyone else. The student's curls hang loosely over his brooding eyes, and his feet drag on the floor as if they're glued there and can't be bothered to exert any effort. He looks up, and his turquoise eyes lock with John's dark chocolate ones. A shock runs through John's body, and he jumps up, his desk rattling. Greg turns his head back and shoots him an exasperated look.
John feels the panic creeping into his head, clouding his brain with murky fog. "N- th- that's only if you w- want. I'm not f- forcing you."
Once, John turned towards Sherlock and opened his mouth to say a simple, "Hello," but before John could even utter a sound, Sherlock jumped up from his seat and headed towards the pencil sharpener. He stared at Sherlock's turned back, mouth falling open.
John looks up, and sees all thirty, plus Mr. Freeman, of his classmates staring right at him. His cheeks flush in embarrassment, and the spiciness of a jalapeno billows into his mouth and tides over his tongue and teeth. "I- I'm fine, sir," John manages to stutter out before he looks down at his scuffed sneakers.
John laughs, leaning closer to Sherlock's face. "You..." he attacks Sherlock's lips after every word, "are... the... most... beautiful... person... in... the... world." He kisses Sherlock's mop of hair. "And you're all mine."
John wanders the empty corridors of the school. Everybody is in class, ignorant to the turmoil of thoughts sprinting through John's panicked head. He keeps feeling the bump of a shard of glass on his tongue, and it constantly pokes into various parts of his mouth. The ting of blood slides down his throat, and his whole mouth tastes of cranberries.
They stare at each other through all of the last-days-before-break-excitement coming from their fellow students. Sherlock looks as though he's trying to probe through John's brain, while John looks a bit confused. "So... ready for break?" John asks, curious about Sherlock's personal life.
Night is the only time where everything can just slow down, where John can lay silently and unwind. He's noticed, over time, that when he closes his eyes and thinks of a name, no tastes bubble up from the recesses of his brain. His mother doesn't know why, his doctor doesn't know why, and he certainly doesn't know why.
A burst of anger and burnt toast jumps up his throat. He can feel the oncoming of furious tears pushing at his eyelids, chlorine sprinkled on the toast. "You... you can't do that. Sherlock s- shouldn't be controlled by you," he sneers, though he tries so hard to keep his voice level.
Greg stares suspiciously down at John, but his glare is cut short by the entering of Mr. Freeman and a new student.
. "Why, Watson, I once believed that you would never lie. Turns out, I'm wrong!" His voice is dangerously calm, and then he lets out an enormous laugh that ends as quickly as it starts. All the students start to turn towards the commotion and smirk, knowing that John and Sherlock are about to be destroyed.
There is no way to scrub all the blood off his hands every day, so he doesn't try anymore. Blood smears on his hands, it cakes under his nails, and he scratches at his palms when he can't sleep. Flakes of red flutter onto his blanket and he calls it his greatest masterpiece.
"Ready to what, Holmes?" Moriarty and Co. are back again, cutting off Sherlock and John's path on the sidewalk. John can feel the taste of bile creeping up his throat, and he swallows, trying to ignore his turning stomach.
The secretary glances up at him as he walks in. He's twisting his hands around nervously. If he's not here... it defines everything. It breaks everything.
"I knew that," Sherlock mumbles, and whooshes by John. He catches a light blush dusting Sherlock's cheeks.
A large slab of metal is slapped onto John's tongue, and he flinches from the intensity of the taste. Something sprinkles a pinch of dust in his mouth, and he cringes.
John stares guiltily up at an annoyed Greg. "I'm sorry, I can't help it," he mumbles, and crosses his feet so they'll stop moving.
John freezes. "N- no, I don't n- need any tests f-for anything." The background taste of leather lingers in his suddenly dry mouth.
Finally, the group round a corner, still shielding Moriarty, and disappear from sight. Sherlock smiles widely and drops his phone back into his backpack, slinging the straps onto his shoulders. "I'll come to your house," he says briskly, starting to walk.
John and Sherlock share a smile, their hands twisted under their desks. "Mr. Freeman, we're not getting married," Sherlock deadpans.
"What was his name again?" John prays, hoping that Mr. Freeman won't just brush off his question. He also, with his little spark of hope, braces himself for a burst of taste.
At the end of the school day, John decides to ask Sherlock to his house. "We're dating, it's only procedure!" John protests when Sherlock briskly shakes his head no.
The blur of intense brown transforming into crisp white rushes past him and rumples his clothes. Someone tugs cotton sheets up to his chin. His clothes are being wrinkled, tugged on, cried on. He can't see the woman next to him, but he can smell her. The scent of alcohol haunts him, and sometimes drops of orange pop land on his tongue. Maybe he's dreaming. He hasn't seen his sister in forever, it seems, and he had forgotten she existed outside of the fiery landscape of Afghanistan.
"I... I will. Thanks, Sherlock." He tugs the hand with the phone away from Sherlock's, but keeps the other hand in Sherlock's hand and squeezes. Pink flushes appear on Sherlock's cheeks.
be what Sherlock tastes like, but isn't for some reason. Something wet plunks down into John's hair through his thoughts, and he gingerly looks up, his cheeks wet with tears.
Mrs. Watson strides over to John and wraps her arms around him. "It's okay, John. Maybe there's something urgent that just happened."
Somewhere else, a man with dark locks dreams too. The man pictures a house, one that was new and clean. A boy leads him into the house, grasping onto his hand. Their fingers curl together and it makes them smile. The boy flickers between a short blonde with a blinding smile, and then to a soft, intelligent raven haired individual. As they settle in the living room, a larger figure, maybe even a...
Mycroft opens the door, a clear invitation written all over the fresh leather cleanly layering the surface of the car.
The place he first looks in is the most obvious— the bathroom. He runs into the three available bathrooms, each empty, empty, and depressingly empty. Next, he runs out into the courtyard, a single tear slipping down his cheek. His vision becomes blurred with tears, and he trips on a lone stone and falls, crashing hard onto the concrete ground. John can faintly feel a stinging pain on his knee and the blurred sourness of chlorine, but he can't think of anything else but finding Sherlock.
His touch? Sherlock's soft coat unfurls under his soft touch, his hands running along the dark wool.
Sherlock finally finds what he's been looking for. It's his phone. Moriarty's smile slips, but he keeps the facade up. He was probably expecting something with more of a flourish to it.
Sherlock curls his fingers on the side of the desk. His knuckles turn white from the effort, and John hesitantly places a shaking hand on Sherlock's back. "Come off of it, James, we're not dating," John growls, suddenly feeling protective.
D-day comes. Deployment day. Gone are the days of training and clean rooms. The world is full of dust and all he can taste are grits, all he can hear are the pained groans of broken men, all he can see are bullets and bodies. John saves countless lives, all of them forever thankful. Some ask what they can do to repay John, and he's tempted to ask if they can find a man named Sherlock for him. He never asks.
He is late. Always, always late. With every day, it seems that Sherlock would allow John to sleep for longer and longer, and he barely sees him. The room would hold pools of darkness that had crept in long ago when Sherlock tiptoes in alongside the darkness. He would whisper to John, telling him not to worry, to rest, that he was fine. John knows he isn't.
He's standing on a train platform, watching the months of school blow past him. His hair is ruffled, clothes wrinkled, and he's left rubbing his dry eyes and breathing to replace the air stolen from his lungs.
"Hey. Look at me." John grasps Sherlock's chin with both hands in an attempt to make Sherlock focus on him. Sherlock jerks his head away, hands still shaking so hard that they brush against John's thighs.
The rest of maths goes on like this, John trying his hardest not to mentally or physically connect with Sherlock Holmes, and it seems (at least to him) that Sherlock is doing the same. Mr. Freeman, apparently, mistakes this for John being especially focused today, and calls on him about ten times throughout class. Even though maths isn't his best subject, he still gets nine out of ten problems correct, and Mr. Freeman seems okay with that.
At the end of class, Mr. Freeman bursts into happy tears. "I can't believe you two are together!" he blubbers, knocking his stapler over to reach for his tissues. "I mean," he dabs at his eyes, "Mrs. Hudson said you would, but I didn't believe it!"
This is a serious chapter. Trigger warnings for mentions of an abusive relationship and homophobic slurs.
From the day that he's introduced to Sherlock Holmes, John keeps working up the courage to speak to him. Maybe, and this is a huge
He hears a faint, "Yes," from the front of the classroom, and a little groan of disappointment somewhere else, but everything else is overshadowed by the plump roast melting on his tongue, the juices splashing down his throat—
In the eyes of a man, the battlefield is one to be avoided, one to salute to, and while standing in your home, you pity those who stand somewhere else. In the eyes of a soldier, it is heaven and hell all at once.
They pull away, electric sparks tingling through their lips. "Oh, god," John is saying, and he lunges towards Sherlock, pouncing onto his lips, arms curving around Sherlock's neck.
Sherlock grimaces, as if bracing himself to say something morally wrong. "Nobody else has offered to talk to me yet, and seeing as you've tried to talk to me before, which makes you a bit smarter, it's the logical decision to talk to you first, since you're obviously sulking at my ignoring of you for three days."
After the ceremony, John wants to break down. He can't take any more. All the people that he has to make small talk with, all the people that he doesn't know. The only thing he can do is look at Mary and crack a small smile. He has a wife. He's normal now. Isn't he?
Sherlock jumps out of his thoughts. "Yeah, yeah I'm okay. Thanks, Mrs. Watson." The corners of his lips quirk up.
She nods, clicking, typing on her computer, and then shakes her head no. How could she be.. saying no?
John's eyes widen; he doesn't expect this response, but says the first thing that pops into his head. "No. I don't have one either. See?" He spreads his hands wide open.
"My mom gets sort of flustered when I introduce a new friend," John whispers while they pass her, finally taking hold of Sherlock's hand and squeezing it tight.
Fly? No, their tears don't fly. They fall, of course. Falling is just like flying, except there's a more permanent destination.
"It's a gift. Keep it." Sherlock folds the phone around John's hands and covers John's hands with his own. John has to resist the urge to gasp. His hands, though pale, are surprisingly warm compared to John's regularly cold ones.
The other man’s head cocked, listening before releasing a faint sigh. One of the other man’s thumbs twitched, giving away his turn towards him an instant before it happened. “Tell me about the Hunters.”
He inhaled deeply, his lungs filling with the distinct odors of London, his beloved home. While it was nice to get away to the wide open spaces of the countryside of Oxford, he was even happier to be back where his heart truly lay. Glancing to his left, he found his Mate, his blue-grey eyes closed even as a small smile played on his lips. They had had an interesting trip, their relationship moving a new direction that gave him an intense emotional response that he could only describe as overwhelmingly protective and possessive. A soft growl rumbled in his chest, making John’s smile twitch into an even bigger grin. “Happy to be back in London?”
“Is being held in a government sanctioned facility for the time being. They want to observe him and question him further. Then, thanks to my minor position in the government, he will be released without a single mark on his record.” There was a sigh over the line. “He is allowed visitors. I think he’s hoping that it will draw the killer out.”
The struggle stopped instantaneously, quickly followed by a high-pitched whine and an odd rigor-mortis. The Shift was beginning.
“Someone hasn’t been getting enough sleep,” his brother muttered. He released a growl, rumbling deep in his chest and tearing out through his vocal chords. He was tired and impatient and in no need for Sherlock’s deductive theatrics.
“Why, John?” he shot back, his teeth flashing, eyes blazing as he launched himself onto the sofa. “Why?!”
It was the perfect night, the three-quarter moon lighting their way, the stars twinkling above them. The wolves raced among the weeds and stones, leaving her with her father and Imogen for a bit only to return with dead rabbits, one for each of them, even if the two humans were not going to eat them. Her dad took two of the hares graciously as the Lupus sapiens dug in. Sherlock made sure that Thomas ate slowly, not needing him to get sick when (and if) he Shifted back (a rather common occurrence). His two year old stomach was not adapted well enough to fully digest raw meat and viscera just yet.
“Will we be able to see a Shift?” That one earned a cocked eyebrow from both himself and his eldest brother.
Hours later, a case for the freedom of the K13s had shaped itself rather nicely. The fine men of the New Scotland Yard would no doubt support it, many glad of their colleagues with advanced senses. Sherrinford had no doubt that agencies such as the Armed Forces or MI6 would be tapping some of his more able patients before the end of the presentation. After all, who wouldn’t want to hire the best? Sean was working as private security, proving that Wolves could be a perfect line of defense. Proving that Lupus sapiens were not mindless killing machines…well…Of course, he had another plan to address that matter, but it was one that he was keeping tightly hidden from everyone else.
His Alpha’s displeasure was evident some time later when he followed him back to the lower flat. Evelyn was much calmer, now that she came to the realization that no one could effect the outcome of the Parliamentary decision: Not even Mycroft. The teen was, sadly, beginning to learn that the world was not a fair place and that there were people that lost and people that won. At this point in time, it was the Lupus sapiens that were being most noticeably ostracized.
He tried not to smirk at the thought, schooling his face to remain slightly concerned. He added a bit of Alpha to his gaze, making it steely.
Evelyn drew closer, plopping herself down next to him, her eyes shining brightly. “I was hoping to learn more about the Wolves,” she murmured, noting the baby resting on his chest. “After all, there are so many of them in our family - I want to know all about them!” The teen paused, leaning into his shoulder. “Besides, if I know more, I can help! I can tell everyone about how awesome you are! And Ms. Crowley can, too!”
Sherlock smirked, eyes shining brightly like a child on Christmas morning. “He’s found something.” The man bent and ruffled the younger man’s ears and ruff. “You’ve found something! Ah, it’s Christmas!”
“Mycroft Holmes.” The smug voice of Theodore Kensington, a member of the House of Lords, sounded behind him, causing him to stiffen and fix his ‘pleasant’ smile on his face.
She nodded, biting her lips nervously. With a soft smile, he generously applied the cool, blue gel to his sister-in-law’s abdomen before laying his hands over the rounded area. Pausing, he began to slowly rub the gel, feeling the babies beneath his fingers try to move in their cramped quarters. The child on the left side twitched a bit but did not object to his attentions (
The teen looked torn. She was obviously comfortable with Sherlock - she had known him the longest. He was the problem, the wild card in the deck. She stood, her hands wrapped about her, near the couches, looking nervous. “Is that alright?” she asked, looking directly at him.
Now he was truly curious. He cocked his head slightly, his multi-colored eyes focusing on the young girl. “Which one?”
“I-I need you,” the shorter man stammered before clearing his throat and clarifying. “I-I need you to listen. No interruptions.” the man’s gaze fell pointedly at his chest where his tags were hanging half in and half out of his t-shirt.
he got the promotion,” she explained. “Seems like private contractors want body guards and security that can watch out for more than just the obvious threats. With a nose like Sean’s, he can find poisons and smell weapons and disease.” She shook her head. “It seems a bit fantastical to me, Dr. Holmes, but it pays brilliantly, so we can’t complain. Not with the little one on the way.” She stroked her stomach lovingly.
He smiled again, turning his head to give her a wink. “Well, I think Evelyn will give everyone a run for their money.” She beamed, reshuffling her cards, and stood up straighter. If her uncle believed in her, then she knew that she could at least given them a good fight.
"You certainly are prepared, Mrs. Hudson, I'll give you that," he chuckled, recovering from the nail polish. "It looks like you stole a whole beauty salon." Mrs. Hudson swatted his arm, laughing.
“Oh, you’re awake!” he said. Sherlock blinked in surprise and nodded. “Thank God, too. I thought we’d lost you. Sgt. Lestrade,” he said, holding out a hand. With the arm that wasn’t attached to the IV, Sherlock shook it.
“I’m going to see if there’s a pattern that determines which crabs are more sociable than the others.”
“Right. Well, Jim,” he said. “See you around.” The group had barely taken a step towards their destination when he called out.
“Mrs. Hudson’s flirting with some geezer over there.” He waved his arm down the beach where, sure enough, Mrs. Hudson was chatting up an old man. “Molly just went down to the water a few minutes ago, and Mycroft’s right here.” Mycroft, surrounded by bounty from the snack bar, smiled at Sherlock but his eyes didn’t look so happy. He gave a small wave to his little brother.
John kicked the table, then held his throbbing foot as he pondered the loss of everyone close to him. He was about to scream when his computer chimed. He had an email. The sender was unknown, and the message read:
Redbeard and the violin became Sherlock’s only true sources of solace. He spent every day either in his room, in his lab, or at the farm. Redbeard was no longer a puppy, and instead of bounding along with limitless energy, he would usually trot faithfully alongside. Sometimes Sherlock would take him on long walks through the fields and down by the stream, or sometimes they’d lie in the sun, Sherlock resting his head on Redbeard’s belly. In the evenings, music drifted downstairs from Sherlock’s room. It was sad and tragic-sounding, slow and soft and at times loud and raging. Mycroft saw him once, when the door had been left open. Sherlock’s eyes were closed and he stood stock still as he played a mournful tune. Suddenly, with a big crescendo, he started moving quickly and forcefully, and the bow turned into a weapon. Sherlock never saw Mycroft standing there, and Mycroft never mentioned it.
19-15-18-18-25, 10-15-8-14. 20-8-5-25-22-5 7-15-20 13-5. 9 3-1-14-20 20-5-12-12 25-15-21 13-21-3-8 13-15-18-5 20-8-1-14 20-8-1-20, 2-21-20 13-1-25-2-5 13-25-3-18-15-6-20 23-9-12-12 2-5 1-2-12-5 20-15 8-5-12-16. 7-18-5-7.
“Of course,” he said. Why of course? He almost never said of course to anyone when they asked him to do something. “Just, um, let me get dressed,” he said, suddenly remembering the sheet.
“I don’t know. I could set up my chemistry set in here full-time and not have to clean it up. It would be great because then my room stays tidy - well, tidy enough for Mummy to not hound me to clean it - and you aren’t using it anyway, so you might as well let me have it.” Mycroft rolled his eyes and relented. Sherlock did have a good case. Sherlock immediately went to get his chemistry set and came back to get it set up in Mycroft’s old room.
“What do you want to name him?” he asked. Sherlock thought for a moment. He wanted to pick the perfect name. He stroked the puppy’s reddish-brown fur and had an idea.
“I remember that day,” said Mycroft suddenly. They were still looking at pictures from Sherlock’s first day home. Sherlock looked up at him and stared. The three on the couch turned to face him as well. “I remember thinking he was the most interesting thing in the house, better than all the toys and puzzles and books I had.”
“He still shouldn’t have done this to you,” Mycroft said, and Sherlock could’ve sworn there was anger in his voice, but Mycroft never showed emotion. Mycroft took a deep breath. “Come on, Sherlock.” He stood up and grabbed his coat.
“What even is- oh, come on, really?” he muttered as he picked up Sherlock’s violin case and set it on the sleek black chair. Toe throbbing, he sat down at his workplace and opened up his laptop. The harsh, bright screen hurt his eyes and he shut them immediately. He noticed his inbox was bursting with emails, as was Sherlock’s, though the latter was usually the case and no cause for concern. He scrolled down, deleting his junk mail one by one, and marking possible clients for later. One email, however, immediately caught his eye.
“Today was fun, don’t you think?” John asked, relaxing in his plush red chair. Sherlock was leaning forward in his black one, hands pressed together in his typical thinking position.
"What color do you want for the shadow?" Mrs. Hudson asked him. She had a variety of colors, but none seemed subtle enough for John. After what seemed like ages, he finally settled on a bronze one. Mrs. Hudson began to apply it. The brush tickled and John tried not to laugh. When she had finished, John couldn't help but giggle in make-up induced giddiness. It all seemed ridiculously funny to him once he had loosened up. When he finally calmed down, Mrs. Hudson applied the rouge, but the brush just set him off again. Suddenly, Mrs. Hudson started laughing, and they were both out of breath, stomach-hurts laughing themselves silly.
“Oh, yes. We do! Would you like to see?” John nodded his head eagerly as Mr. Holmes went to fetch another album.
“Sure, dear.” John came over and snapped a photo. “You need one too, John,” she laughed. “Give the camera here.”
“No, it’s not - we’re offering you, specifically, a job. As a detective.” Sherlock raised his eyebrows, prompting Lestrade to go on. “Your brother’s informed us of your abilities, and we think you’d be a real asset.”
“Thanks. Have fun here!” He turned back to his partner and continued burying him (the sand was up to his neck). Then Sherlock tapped John’s shoulder.
“You’ll do great there. And you can tell me all about it on the phone and over the weekends.” He and Bill said their goodbyes, and Mycroft went home. He had expected it to be the saddest day of his life, but instead he found he just felt numb, as if it were all a dream or as if it weren’t real.
Sherlock’s situation, while stable, grew bleaker and bleaker. At some point (he couldn’t remember when), he was tempted to try a little bit of the stuff he was mixing. Cocaine. He knew it would give him more energy, which seemed interesting. It was a powder, but he didn’t like the idea of sniffing it, so he stirred it into some water and put the solution into a syringe. He jabbed the needle into his upper arm and waited for it to kick in.
“How should we do rooms?” John asked, setting his suitcase on the floor. “There’s three of us and two rooms. Should someone take the couch?”
“No, no, Mum, I’ll talk to her. It’ll be easier for you since you don’t have to go out of your way.” Mum’s angry features softened.
“Sherlock, did you just walk?” The younger one blinked, still smiling. “Mummy! Daddy! Come here! Sherlock can walk!” The Holmes parents rushed in, but by that point, Sherlock had dropped back down to the ground in a crawling position. “Sherlock, no, show Mummy and Daddy your walking.”
Nothing to worry about, John. New case. Should be quick. No food for me, thanks, so  don’t bother leaving it out. Be home soon. SH
“Sherlock, what’s the matter?” asked Mum, voice full of concern. Sherlock didn’t answer. “What’s wrong?” she asked again.
"Oh, hey John, is Sherlock here?" he asked. "I need him to-" He squinted at John and blinked a few times. "Are you wearing makeup? And a suit?"
One evening in February, Mycroft was in the sitting room, playing with Sherlock, when he got up to get some water from the kitchen. He was filling up the glass when behind him he could hear a noise. Pat, pause. Pat, pause. Thud, longer pause. Pat, pause. Pat, pause. Then a tug on his pant leg. He turned around to see Sherlock, standing right behind him, smiling innocuously. Mycroft nearly dropped the glass, and decided to set it down in case of further shock.
“That’s enough, boys,” she said. The brothers turned back to their food silently. Sherlock wondered what it would be like to have a brother in the government. Maybe he’d get free stuff. Or maybe Mycroft could order Daddy to let him have Redbeard. Mycroft probably wouldn’t do that, though, would he? He didn’t care about anything except power.
“Nationalism,” he said with some degree of confidence despite being caught unawares. The class suppressed giggles.
“Not caring caused me nothing but pain for years, Mycroft.” Sherlock’s eyes glazed and he looked back at Rosie to try and calm himself down. Mycroft looked down at his shoes.
“Sherlock, get up!” John came into Sherlock’s room and opened the curtains wide. The light came streaming in through the window, causing him to groan and turn over. He pulled the blankets tighter around his shoulders and mashed his face into the pillow. “Sherlock, you have to get up. We’re going to the beach, remember?” Sherlock turned his head slightly so one eye could be seen while the other was still buried in the pillow.
“Mycroft, the sooner you totally submerge yourself, the sooner you’ll get used to it,” suggested John, grinning. Mycroft smiled, but his eyes were annoyed. He then reluctantly ducked under the water and came right back up.
“So, brother dear, how have you been?” Mycroft said in an attempt at conversation. Sherlock’s smirk faded.
“Not in the slightest.” John, however, had already lost interest in trying to persuade Mycroft to have fun. He turned his attention back to Sherlock, who was trying to mold wet sand into a ball. John joined him and made a ball of his own. When he moved his hands up to show Sherlock, however, it crumbled in his hands.
That evening, Sherlock prepared a detailed argument on why he should be able to adopt Redbeard. He told Mummy and Daddy how having a dog would make him happy, instill responsibility and how it would help Mr. Billings. It would help keep him busy and out of the house. He made extra sure to say please and use his best diplomatic voice. Mycroft taught him about diplomacy, and Sherlock had never used it before now. Mummy seemed to be convinced he should have the dog, but Daddy was on the fence.
Sherlock finally regained his composure. He splashed his face with cold water and grabbed his pack of cigarettes. He needed to go for a walk. A walk to a specific place.
“So I guess that leaves us, Molly,” said Greg. Molly smiled. Then began the long process of mounting shoulders. For a group of three geniuses and three reasonably clever people, it took a surprisingly long time. First, they had to figure out who was mounting who. Sherlock jumped on John’s back, scrambling to climb up the shoulders. The two fell backwards into the water.
“Yeah, we could,” said Billy. “But you’ll make new friends, and I’ll make new friends, and suddenly we won’t be friends anymore. That’s what happens to everyone.” Mycroft shook his head.
“Yes, bumblebee,” said Mycroft, smiling. “Good job, Sherlock.” Everybody cheered for Sherlock and clapped, causing the excited boy to keep saying the word. He soon got tired of pleasing the masses, however, and turned his attention to the dessert he was desperate to eat. The masterpiece cake was sliced up and parceled out to all the guests, and when Sherlock got his piece, he immediately started mashing it into his mouth, picking it up in his tiny fists. Everybody laughed, and Mummy came over to wipe Sherlock’s mouth, which was now coated in crumbs. Mycroft received many compliments on his baking, and the atmosphere was light and carefree.
“I think you should wear the swimsuit,” chimed John. He looked at Mycroft in a bit of a come-at-me sort of way.
“Okay, Sherlock, can you put in a good word for me with that chick over there?” Victor asked while at a bar one evening.
Just then, he heard the car pull in and the doors slamming shut. He grabbed his card and ran to the door, opening it as Mummy came in. She was carrying a bundle of blankets inside which Mycroft could see two pale blue eyes, lids drooping. Daddy followed Mummy, and he was carrying the bags they’d brought to the hospital. Mycroft stood back to let them in the house, but as soon as they’d crossed the threshold he closed the door on the cold weather and rushed to see the new member of the family.
“Come in,” answered Sherlock. John opened the door to find Sherlock in his swimsuit, ready to leave. He was wearing black swim shorts and a matching swim shirt. He was sitting on his bed, perfectly calm, staring up at John.
Sherlock waited all week for Victor to come back to school. Finally, Friday evening, he arrived. Sherlock ran to his residence to welcome him back.
“He’s a good conversationalist, very responsible, plays football, has a puppy, and can run very fast,” Sherlock said. Sally smiled.
On his last day with Billy, Mycroft brought over a present for him to take to London. It was a set of colored pencils, and it came with a hundred different shades. There was also a big sketchbook.
After a somewhat awkward breakfast where only Lestrade was willing to make conversation, the three split into two groups. Lestrade went to the police to get as much info as possible on the case, while Sherlock and John headed to the beach to chat up the locals.
“It’s the perfect tree. Let’s get that one,” he said, pleased with the treasure. While his parents and the tree farmer worked on getting the tree secure on top of the car, Mycroft and Sherlock went back to the car. Mycroft buckled Sherlock into his car seat and went round to the other side to get in his own seat. Sherlock was getting antsy and did not like all this waiting, and Mycroft was looking around the car, trying to find any discarded toys that could distract him. Unfortunately, Mummy had cleaned the car out a few days ago and brought all the toys back inside. “Bzz bzz,” he said, causing Sherlock to turn towards him. The two smiled at each other and Sherlock clapped his hands. “Bzz, bzz,” Mycroft said again. Sherlock mimicked the sounds, and in this way, Mycroft was able to entertain him until their parents returned. Soon enough, they did, and the car pulled out of the lot.
“Fine,” he said. “If you’ll all shut up after.” Sherlock and Lestrade grinned wickedly for a moment before Sherlock turned his attention back to his crabs. He reached his hand into the bucket and scooped up some sand and water, and picked up one of the crabs. The crab crawled around the tiny puddle of water. Sherlock smiled to himself.
“I’m going to put them in my hand and see if they crawl around, and observe how they interact with each other,” Sherlock explained.
“You’ll do nothing of the sort. My name,” he said, “is Mycroft.” Jim, donning an expression of mock o, looked over at Sherlock and John, then turned back to the angry man.
As he was walking back to his residence, he noticed a group of students huddled together, smoking cigarettes. For some reason he didn’t know, he found himself approaching them with his hand out expectantly. Observing their casual manner, he decided to use a similar approach.
“Sherlock,” he said. “Have an excellent first day at school, alright? Don’t let anything ruin it.” Sherlock smiled and nodded and, turning, ran to catch up with the other kids trickling into the building.
“Actually, I got an email from him last night.” Lestrade’s eyebrows shifted up and he leaned forward, jolted into alertness by the update.
“Mycroft Holmes, I swear to God I will topple your entire country if you don’t stop moving,” Jim said, getting increasingly louder with each word. He managed to stay still long enough for Jim to climb up. He patted him on the head. “Good job, Mike.”
“What is this? I thought you were in danger!” John said, a bit upset that he had been deceived into thinking something was wrong.
"Oh, John, you look fabulous!" Mrs. Hudson cheered. John laughed. He was having much more fun than he had thought he would, though he didn't plan on admitting it. When he reached the end of the runway he paused, struck another pose, and turned and walked back to the bathroom door.
One evening in November 1993, the Holmes were having dinner and discussing Mycroft’s future. He had turned eighteen and was preparing himself for his last years of schooling, though he still didn’t know what exactly to do after that.
“You guys are always hungry,” said Sherlock. “Why must you always be eating? You don’t want to end up like Mycroft.” John rolled his eyes and headed for the snack bar as he heard a noise of protestation from the government official.
“Tourist shop. I forgot to pack mine and they only had these hideous bright colors.” Sherlock complained. John laughed.
John was only a few pages into his book when the rest of their party showed up. Molly was carrying the bag of doughnuts and her purse, Mrs. Hudson was toting the other food, and Mycroft had the rest of the bags.
“Oh, um, because the Industrial Revolution led to more powerful weapons and a faster rate of production,” he said quickly. He did not like being wrong, especially not in public, and, he thought, in front of this strange boy. Why did he care so much what the boy thought? Sherlock didn’t know. Luckily for Sherlock, he wasn’t called on for the rest of the day, and was free to be confused in peace. When he got home, he went straight to the sitting room to find Mum.
"Now, pay attention everyone, we're going to do her eyeliner!" The screen flashed to a close-up of a woman's eyes being done.
The next day, after the plane had touched down at Logan, and the long car ride had been taken, Sherlock, John, and Lestrade settled into their lodgings. It was a small house just outside Provincetown, where the murder had taken place. The house had two bedrooms, one bathroom, a small living room, and a small kitchen. There was an outdoor shower and a yard with a tetherball pole. It was nice and quaint.
“Sherlock, you just proved my statement. You forget to do it, or forget to turn it in. That isn’t responsible.”
“Oh, okay.” They waded further in together, though from now on John stopped and waited when Sherlock saw something he wanted to add. “So what exactly are you going to study?”
“...I went back to bed.” John pinched the bridge of his nose. “Okay, I’m finished. Should I go get dressed now?” Sherlock’s plate was barely touched. Only the egg was completely finished, as there were still chips and ham on it. Sherlock had eaten the important parts though, so John had no choice but to excuse him as he continued to work on his beans.
The next day, Mycroft tried to strike up a conversation with the kid at the desk next to him. His name was Bill.
Once everybody had finished eating, John and Molly took care of the trash. When they returned, Greg reminded Mycroft of his promise to go swimming. Mycroft rolled his eyes in response, but stood up anyway.
“The teacher thought I cheated on the homework again,” he said idly. Mum shook her head and furrowed her brows.
“It’s better. Apparently Ace was carrying some disease and now I have to be treated for it,” he added. Victor’s face turned red.
“It’s me,” Mycroft answered. “What happened?” The stall door swung open to reveal Sherlock’s red, blotchy face. His eyes were puffy and he had tears and snot streaming down his face. Mycroft reached for a napkin to wipe his face before the younger Holmes answered.
Feeling a bit antsy and needing to expend some of his energy, he nuzzled Molly’s leg and rose, trotting to the door with a soft yip. “Sherrinford,” Mycroft breathed as if his youngest brother was an incompetent child, “You should have used the loo before moonrise.”
With one last snap, Sherlock abandoned his play to mark his territory on an oak tree (According to Mycroft, it had been the same tree that he had first laid claim to all those years ago). His younger sibling followed suit, yielding to the other wolf’s dominance while still falling into his pack instincts.
“But, Uncle Sherlock,” Evelyn said, putting her plate and bowl on the counter before sitting down again, “You’re the one who’s always telling me to keep exploring new things. How is this any different? And doesn’t Uncle Ford research werewolves? Surely he’s met a few.”
Mycroft would plan accordingly, as would Sherrinford. He preferred his anonymous silence on the subject of Lupus sapiens. It gave him the opportunity to think.
” He turned towards Eddington and ordered, “Get me the Holmes Brothers. I need Sherlock on scene immediately and Sherrinford needs to be informed that one of his Pack is gone.”
“HIPA VIOLATION!” he yelled, stepping between his injured sibling and the staff. “If I see a single posting on the internet or hear a word of this breathed on the street, you’ll be terminated. Are we clear?” He paused briefly, his eyes glaring about the crowd, daring them to misstep. “Now, get out!”
“Nothing you can do anything about,” the other man said, his voice surprisingly lacking any aggression even as he continued to sit ramrod straight.
“Well,” he sighed, tossing the mobile away in frustration, “That’s useless. Tuesdays from 9 to 11. Pffft.”
He nodded again, panting slightly around the tennis ball in his mouth. Slowly, he took another step forward. He understood her hesitance. Sherlock was tall; his shoulders were at her father’s waist. That left him just below her chin, his ears brushing it.
“Talk to Sherlock,” he replied, rising to pull his mobile from his pocket. One of his staff could get the needed files from his office at Baskerville and overnight them to Downing Street. Lestrade could get the K13 files. He needed to get his own thoughts and lessons from his father down. “I think his murderer might have a connection to your new legislation.”
The older man nodded, his cool mask resettling over his features. “Thirty people. A few from the House of Commons and a few from the House of Lords. Someone from MI5. A representative from the Queen will be here. It’s a lot of pressure.”
Finally, the day of the wedding comes. The ceremony goes by in a flash, but he can remember that most of the church was filled with Mary's family and friends.
Hello! It's me from 5/3/16. I'm sorry to say that this fic will be delayed, because of some problems with my beta's computer. No worries, I'll continue to write chapters in advance, but will wait until their computer is back in shape. Thank you for being patient!
John gets up from the bench, reluctantly slinging his knapsack back onto his shoulders and heads to his English class, mind still running rampant with pictures of a certain Holmes.
"I'm not trying to make small talk. I actually want to know your plans, if you have any. Going anywhere?"
He gets home and goes through his usual routine: he greets his mother, greets his sister, strips out of his clothes, throws on casual clothing, speeds through his homework, greets his father, has dinner, brushes his teeth, goes to bed.
At lunch, he does what he always does at lunch: stare mournfully at his limp, pathetic lump of a sandwich that will never get eaten. He knows it, the sandwich knows it, and the whole school knows it.
"My... my synthesia doesn't work around him. I have no idea why. Maybe I should... no, Mother can't afford another trip to the doctors. We're already running low on funds by... by purchasing my medication.." He looks down at his scuffed sneakers just as the bell rings, shaking him away from his thoughts of his smiling mother, the one person who worked so hard for
John hears a desk chair roll and hit the wall, but he doesn't pay too much attention to it. He should have. He turns his head left to see Mr. Freeman standing.
this story was my favorite. it was the only thing i had written without looking back and wanting to delete. my heart clenches when i say that i can't continue this.
Her name brings upon a torrent of freshly mown grass, thrown in his mouth and left for him to chew upon forever.
I knew this was coming, John reasons. They had only known each other for a few months. Of course Sherlock wouldn't have wanted to stay with him. There were others who were more interesting, more outgoing, more
"Hey, Watson! Over here!" John looks up, and a crumpled piece of paper is flying his way. He catches it just as the thick sweetness of jam flows into his mouth. It's what happens when he hears his own name. John... Hamish Watson, he thinks as the paper ball is thrown back to its owners, the ball flying through the air and landing perfectly in Greg's hands. Greg gives John a subliminal thumbs up just before Ms. Donovan turns in their direction and the tang of jam shadows everything else.
There's a small hidden nook, in the school's quad. If somebody would walk to the top right of the giant square piece of land, and peeked in the corner, they would see a tiny hallway that curved around to a single bench with a small tree and some miscellaneous flowers. The space isn't huge, though it's big enough for two people to sit comfortably with their knapsacks and binders.
Sherlock looks up, and John can finally see his eyes. They look haunted, and John's heart breaks in two. "Sherlock, love, come here," he says breathlessly, and opens his arms. The endearment falls from his lips, like it belonged there. John knew it did. Sherlock quietly unfolds from his position and walks into John's arms. John tucks his head under Sherlock's chin and sighs in relief.
Never in his life had ever considered the thought that he would spend any day sobbing into his mother's shoulder.
Sherlock feels paralyzed, like his brain has been frozen and can't work. He doesn't know where and how he arrived in this strange home. For some reason, he can't breathe, and his hands start to shake.
Thirty dates later, John books a reservation at The Landmark. It is the perfect time to ask Mary to spend the rest of her life with him, to have and to hold from this day forward, for better for worse, for richer for poorer, in sickness and in health, to love and to cherish, till death do they part.
John laughs quietly to himself, his thoughts jostling each other as they all trample one another, trying to get themselves known.
"Fine," Sherlock says. He fidgets away from John's touch and sweeps out of the room, leaving his backpack behind.
He knew they had so many more years of life left, but he knew that he was the one. The one that everyone searched for,
Sherlock crosses his arms and says, "If you don't want to talk to me, just say so. Don't sit there and try to suppress giggles."
They stare into each other's eyes, John having to tilt his head up and Sherlock looking down. "Might what?" Sherlock's voice is dripping with adoration.
Sherlock turns away and digs around in his backpack. Moriarty gives a dead laugh. "Oh, look at him pulling gadgets out, fun, fun, what fun," he says, slurring his last few words.
and then feels a hand wrenched from his own. His body curls up in the corner of the couch as the boy is dragged off, into the corner of the room where only the sounds of sobs and skin against skin can be heard. Again, the figure draws his fists back and back again, until he leaves the boy alone. By then, it's too late.
And John was fine with that. He didn't mind that label, because it was true. It was true, only for the fact that he didn't have much to say in the first place. And so he was quiet.
What made it even better was that Sherlock was sitting on the bench with his knees drawn up to his chin, arms around his legs. His coat almost brushed the ground, and his scarf hung untied around his neck. "Sherlock," John whispers.
John stares at Sherlock, trying to process his words as quickly as he can. "Was that... a compliment or an insult?" he asks, asking the question slowly.
Sherlock doesn't talk to John for three more days. Or John doesn't talk to him. It's a lonesome three days. School wraps up in a day, and John has been getting a bit frantic, spending every waking second devising plans to get Sherlock to at least say a word to him. He has been sitting at his desk, staring at his folded hands for about half the period when he feels a hesitant tap on his right arm. He turns.
, he mused, noting that several members of the assembly were perspiring rather profusely at the moment. He clapped his hands together. “Any questions before we get started?”
Benedict, no doubt sensing his brother’s disappointment, toddled to his side and wrapped his arms around his neck, lips loosely puckering a pressing themselves to the top of the furry head. The action threw them both out of balance and they tumbled into the grass with a giggle and a yip.
“Sherlock!” Evelyn exclaimed, rushing up the last few steps to wrap her arms about his waist. He allowed his arms to return the gesture, pressing his nose into her hair and inhaling her enticing scent. Resting her chin on his sternum, the teen continued. “How was your day?”
Her face screwed up in concentration before she answered, “You can’t. There is no detectable difference if you were to pass one on the street. However, in my class, we discovered that there are some physical attributes that the human and wolf forms share.”
, he thought, unable to hide his smile, as he nodded, allowing the action to pull him human-ward with a shiver.
“Like this?” Sherlock practically gagged, the remnants of a torn and battered plastic bag dripping an odd, oily substance. “Slammed it between the sofa and the wall when he sat down. Simultaneously, our murderer pulls the gun and shoots our victim in the chest as he is turning to figure out where the repulsive stench is coming from. Killer then stands and executes our werewolf from above his hunched over form. This probably occurred early last evening, judging by the fading of the odors and the amount of fluid saturation in the carpet.”
She smiled thinking about everything that her family had gone through and everything that had advanced the Lupus sapiens to their equality with the normal humans (
, he thought, thankful (Not that he’d tell Mycroft that) as he pulled the fabric over his skin, noting how irritating it was after the soft fur that he had worn for much of the last twelve hours.
Sitting back on his heels but not taking his eyes off the other Wolf, Sherrinford shook his head. “No need. I got him to Shift back. Make a note - I don’t want this one retrying next Moon. He needs more time and a safe place to Shift outside of the Moon. Make peace with the Wolf within.”
He inhaled, nostrils widening slightly. “Tomorrow,” he murmured, “Probably tomorrow.” Mycroft gave him an odd, questioning look, making him explain. “I can smell the other Wolf. His aroma is growing stronger, but he’s still masked by Molly.” He paused, nose wrinkling, “You positively reek of protective instinct.”
“I would like to first apologize to you all. I have not been honest with you about myself and of all the people who should know about my status, you should have learned it first. It is not that I did not want you to know - I simply felt that my job was to help you become more comfortable in your own skin, as I am in mine. When the government tried to categories us as animals instead of the men that we are, I knew that I needed to use not just my expertise but my own life as an example to prove to them that we are people and we are deserving of every right and privilege of full British citizens. I was done hiding to protect myself and my family because being a coward was going to see me exposed in a way that I knew would only harm myself and all of you. Because I decided to act, to reveal exactly who I am, I fixed the government’s eye on us and what we do here at Baskerville and other centers like it. Tonight, the government is sending representatives to observe us on our ‘least human’ night.”
“He’s so cute,” the teen breathed, brushing some of her blonde hair behind an ear before stroking a finger over the Pup’s larger-than-life ears.
“It’s time,” Mycroft murmured as his eyes flashed up from the final file to the crowd assembled behind his back. He inhaled slowly, held his breath for a few seconds, and exhaled.
He had tried to engage Sherlock in conversation earlier on their way to the crime scene but it was impossible. The other man was already deep in thought, his eyes closed, moving rapidly beneath their lids, his hands folded, as if in prayer, beneath his chin. It was fascinating to watch him work, not that he’d ever tell Sherlock that, the big-headed git.
The little family settled at their places, a single chair empty for Mrs. Hudson, who was away, visiting her sister for the week of the Moon, as usual. The clatter of spoons against mismatched bowls (Most of the original set had been defiled by his experiments), and the scrape of knives against warmed bread was joined with the satisfied silence of the three people who sat under the warm light. “So,” the father said, breaking the silence as the sounds of eating began to dwindle, “How was school?”
“We have to get him out!” He was already flying through the flat to grab his Belstaff, his heart racing.
The sunset was the perfect backdrop for their late game of fetch. She’d brought a whole bag of tennis balls, all of which would be demolished in less than an hour. Thomas, who spent more of his life as a Pup than as a human, came galavanting out of the building first, chasing circles around a tall auburn Wolf and a short but lithe ebony Wolf, their bodies so close together that she wasn’t entirely sure when one ended and the other began. Her father and Sherlock followed them, the dark brown Wolf pressed against her father’s side possessively.
