Tony cocks his head, thinks about it, and then concedes, “Fair enough.”
“I’ll see you then.”
Tony ducks his head to hide his blush.
Somehow, Steve doubts that Rhodey is doing it for the store and not just for Tony. But that isn’t what Tony needs to hear right now. What he needs to hear is, “Tony, relax. It’s going to be fine.”
Tony: On the surface, it might look really cute. Hey, you’re serenading this girl, that’s so romantic, right? But even just a second look will tell you how creepy it is. You’re basically harassing her into a relationship with you. She can’t escape you cause you’re at school together and she can’t even hear herself think because you’re blowing a trumpet—probably badly if we all take a moment to think back to high school band—right in her ear. Of course she’s going to agree to go out with you! She doesn’t have a choice! And I’m sorry, but that’s just not romantic.
“Black coffee,” he decides.
Square S5 - Peggy Carter
Dinner is some sort of rice and yogurt-marinated chicken dish with a fruit salsa piled on top, plus the salad that Steve had prepared. They make light conversation as they eat. Steve asks after SI and how the preparations for Pepper and Happy’s wedding are going. The last time he’d seen Pepper, she and Happy had just gotten engaged. It’s a little shocking to realize that the wedding is now only a month away. Tony eagerly tells him all about the wedding and then asks about how the team is doing, careful not to ask where they are right now, a gesture that Steve appreciates. Steve thinks he sounds a little lonely and remembers that question he’s been asking himself for almost a year:
Steve’s brain shuts down. “Uh…”
Tony snorted. “Come on, Steve, you can say the word,” he taunted, but there wasn’t any bite to it. “No, not for the sex. For what you said earlier. I know I was getting caught up in my head about the rumors, so thanks for calming me down.”
Tony: Something tells me this isn’t going to be very hypothetical.
Tony sighs, putting his hands down on the counter. “There was a mob out for her head and Steve over here was causing problems in Germany; I didn’t exactly have a lot of time to explain it to her. I thought Vision would be able to explain it, but apparently he was too concerned about sparing her feelings to tell her what was really happening.”
“And she killed him,” Tony whispers. “He’d already taken the Tesseract, but she was able to cut his head clean off. Almost six years that—that
Steve looked as discomfited as Tony felt. “Yes,” he said, sounding like he was trying to reassure himself. “We would.”
Tony rolls onto his side, propping his head up on his hand. “And what do you have to say to accusations that you won’t clean my lingerie either?”
that Steve can feel emanating from him (“I know I’m baseline but man, you can just
“I—” Tony hesitates. “I know I shouldn’t do something but … but I think I need to.”
“You did this?” Steve asks incredulously. By the way Tony had talked about it, he’s spent all this time thinking it would take a year or more to bring Ross down.
“We know who your dad is!” Luis shouts cheerfully from the other room, but funnily enough, Steve doesn’t think that’s why Tony corrected himself. “Howard” sounded way too familiar in Tony’s mouth and “my dad” too unfamiliar for that to be the reason.
“No, it’s your turn to listen. You think you can just pretend everything’s alright? You think you can pretend like the last fifteen years didn’t happen?”
“I gotta go. J says he has a promising lead for me.”
DUM-E, Tony thinks, is going to be just fine. The saltwater damaged his personality chip a little bit, but that’s a couple of hours of easy coding, nothing too difficult. At this point, after years of coding and upgrades and fabrication, Tony’s pretty sure he could do it in his sleep. Butterfingers needs a new strut, as well as a new personality chip, but again, that’s the work of maybe a weekend.
“Did you have something to do with this?” Sam asks Steve quietly as T’Challa begins to list the new amendments. It’s only then that Steve realizes how broadly he’s smiling. He hadn’t realized the amendments were up for vote. He suspects Tony hadn’t told him on purpose, not wanting to build up hope only for it to come crashing down in the event that none of Steve’s amendments passed. It’s kind of him, and he makes a mental reminder to tell Tony thank you when they next see each other in person.
“But,” she adds, “I think Clint and I are the only ones who knew.”
He plugs DUM-E into the computer and starts the shutdown sequence. “Okay, so a long time ago, there was this big war, right? And there was this guy. His name was Steve Rogers and he was Captain America, or he was, but he couldn’t be yet cause he was this little guy, kinda like me, and everybody underestimated him, kinda like you, huh, DUM-E?”
This particular blackout, though, he doesn’t think is Tony’s fault. For one thing, it’s not just the A/C that they lost, but the lights as well. And for another thing, Tony is currently downstairs, trying to fix the power to the tower. Steve glances out one of the floor-to-ceiling windows overlooking the city. The sun is starting to set and normally, the city would be lighting up right about now, but it’s dark instead, dark and quiet, as though everyone has moved inside for the heatwave.
“Hey, I think there might actually be something wrong with him,” Luis says, awestruck by Tony’s rambles. “Not even
“Okay, but—” How does he say that he doesn’t want to share a bed with Tony without his mind being settled without making it sound like he doesn’t want to share a bed with
“Can we talk tomorrow?” Steve asks, fighting not to chase after his lips.
“Fine, potentially plausible. What about all the time he’s asked you to stay the night?” Bucky asked.
To his credit, Tony doesn’t seem nearly as phased by the bed as Steve was. He looks at it for a moment, clicks his tongue, and announces, “Worse things have happened. I think we’re going to get through this.”
Even so, Tony doesn’t mind the searches. Howard always brings Tony with him, and he enjoys spending time with his dad, even if they are searching for a dead man.
Steve asked, nearly choking on the words. God, it was like a nightmare, like he’d stepped into one of those horrible dreams he’d had every night in the months following their breakup. Tony couldn’t seriously be asking what Steve thought he was—
“I only have one bed,” he blurts out.
Now, he couldn’t be sure, but he was pretty sure they hadn’t had a black and white light earlier that morning.
Maybe this was Tony’s way of trying to let him down gently without telling him that’s what he’s doing? But Tony isn’t exactly a subtle guy. It’s not like him to let someone down gently. This would be way out of character for him. And besides, what was with all the flirting? Because that has to be what they’ve been doing these last few months. All those secret smiles and inside jokes and comments about his physique, that has to be flirting.
Tony frowned. “No,” he said slowly, drawing out the word. “Wanda’s only ever been friends with Agnes. Steve, are you feeling alright?”
He turned, waving at his two friends standing by the hotel’s revolving door. “Uh, you know what, why don’t you text me about that and I’ll get back to you?”
And now for a time skip! To a nebulous post-IM3 world. Anyway, does technology work like this? Nope! Is that gonna stop me? Also nope!
,” Steve says. “But I didn’t know that back then. So I didn’t want to look without permission.”
“This is good,” he tells himself on a day when he’s got the safehouse to himself and therefore doesn’t need to worry about anyone overhearing him. “You’re learning to respect Tony’s thoughts.” Which is definitely something that he should have been thinking of all along, but Tony’s anger about Steve’s written apology got him thinking that he hasn’t been living up to those standards very often in the last few years. What happened to the standards he used to set for himself? How did he let those fall by the wayside after SHIELD fell?
DUM-E beeps at him, brandishing the fire extinguisher he’s holding like a shield. Tony suddenly wishes he had any artistic talent at all beyond drafting because the idea of DUM-E holding Captain America’s shield in his arms has sprung into his mind, and he wants very badly to draw that so he can hang it on the wall. Rhodey would probably find it hilarious.
The words make Steve more than a little nervous, but to his surprise, Tony doesn’t go for any of the wine in the fridge. Instead, he heads for the coffeemaker, tossing over his shoulder, “You want a cup?”
They’d been married for a few years by that point, but Tony was still gratified when he came downstairs in his Halloween costume and Steve’s eyes took one look at him and immediately went blown. It wasn’t that he didn’t know how attractive he was, but it was always nice to get that confirmation, especially when he had really only just repurposed one of his teddies and added a pair of red wings.
“Tony, please calm down. We’ve only been open a week. We’re not going bankrupt,” Steve says calmly. He picks up one of the lavender satchels they keep at the register—some of their bestsellers strangely, considering most of their magic comes from the plant and not from any charm—and enchants it with a little extra calmness before passing it to Tony. Tony gives him an irritated look but tucks it inside his shirt.
Whoops. Apparently, he hadn’t sounded surprised enough. “N-nothing,” he stammers out. “It just makes sense, doesn’t it? Rhodey’s injured, Vision divides his time between the team and Wanda. Tony’s the only full-time member on the team right now, and he’s not even supposed to be that. He’d have to find new members, wouldn’t he?”
Steve turned and frowned. “That’s an odd name. He isn’t…”
“But not right now,” Tony says abruptly, tweaking Steve’s nipple through his shirt. He spins back around and marches off, leaving Steve floundering in his wake. He gapes after him for a second before hurrying to catch up.
The rain stopped.
“I can catch an Uber.”
“I missed you,” he mutters, letting go so Bucky can greet the others.
“What are you saying?” Tony asked, frowning at him. “You think we could keep the show going if we found backing from another group?”
“I’m holding you now, aren’t I?” he asked.
“I’m not in denial.”
“You know what, Tony—”
Pierce’s office was the stereotypical corner office of an executive, located on the second floor of their building. It didn’t overlook much, as they were surrounded by skyscrapers, but it was large. Steve thought it was such a shame though that Pierce had covered the office in so many dark colors, patterns, and furniture that the room looked quite a bit smaller than it was.
“S’eve?” he murmurs, sounding very stuffed up.
Captain America’s gaze falls on the gauntlet. “What
“I know.”
past transcripts: 04-29-19]
Ana eventually softens, looking back over at Tony as he makes a noise in his sleep. “Oh, very well,” she says. “He
Shuri contacts him later that week to tell him that one of the Dora Milaje tested Bucky’s trigger words. They no longer work on him. He’s completely free. Steve is—elated, of course he is. No one deserves to live with something like that in their head, especially not Bucky. But he’s not sure what to do now. He’s still trying to rebuild his relationship with Tony. They’re in such a fragile state and he isn’t sure what Tony will do if Steve tells him they can’t keep meeting anymore because he wants to go take care of his best friend—which he does, but he doesn’t want to leave Tony behind. Not again.
“She can take care of herself.”
Bucky shrugs. “This is the first peace I’ve had in—in a long time. I don’t think I’m ready to go back to the fight.”
Rhodey grimaces. “It’s kind of a poor bedtime story, but I thought you might like to hear it anyway.”
“I do run all of the finances.”
“Oh!” Tony says, surprised. “This is a thing we’re doing now.”
And Tony was thinking about giving up on them—on their show, Steve meant. Not on them—well, sort of on them, but that was what Steve had wanted all along. He didn’t want Tony to be unhappy.
“Because I’m the best thing that’s ever happened to you.”
“Hi, Steve,” he says eventually, voice muffled by the snow.
“Okay.”
had figured it out earlier. He wishes he hadn’t wasted so much time.
For TSB Square A4: Edwin Jarvis
“Maybe so but that doesn’t explain why you’re wearing a shower cap then,” Natasha shoots back.
“No, you’re definitely the early bird in this relationship,” Tony joked. He almost expected to hear that laughter again, but it was silent. Perhaps their neighbors had wandered off, or maybe he just wasn’t as funny as Steve. “I’m fine. Just—it was the strangest thing this morning. I thought I heard music when I was waking up.”
“So,” he says once he’s put the bottle back down. “You nervous about tomorrow?”
“I bet they’re in Europe,” he grouses, idly playing with the toy Pepper has on her desk. Pepper insists it’s not a toy, but it spins and Tony can’t stop fiddling with it, so he thinks it counts as a toy.
He slammed himself down, feeling that coil of heat get tighter and tighter, until it finally broke. Steve came hard, his cock spurting as far up as Tony’s beard. He slumped over as he panted, barely managing to catch himself on his hands before he crushed Tony. Tony was whining under him, hips jerking up in tiny movements, driving his still-hard cock further into Steve’s oversensitive body.
There’s a knock at her bedroom door, and Peggy sighs sadly. She had expected this. At five years old, Tony is too young to be an entire ocean away from his parents for a whole summer, but Howard couldn’t be persuaded from whisking Maria away to a tropical island to celebrate their twenty-fifth anniversary. Peggy had argued, both of the Jarvises had argued, even Maria had argued against it, but Howard had insisted that it’s time Tony learn that his parents can’t always be there for him, as though he’s a teenager going off to college and not a small child. It had only been at Maria’s insistence that Howard had even agreed to let Tony spend the summer with his beloved Aunt Peggy instead of all alone in that big mansion.
“Like
It just made no sense. He and Tony had a convenient relationship, but he’d never allowed his feelings to get tangled up in it. Sure he’d had that years-long misunderstanding with Tony, but they’d both been careful over the last few weeks to move past all that. And yeah, he hated that Tony no longer dropped by his office randomly to share whatever wacky thing their fandom had gotten up to or brought him coffee first thing in the morning, but that was just because he was missing his friend. Tony had meant for those to be romantic overtures, and now that he knew it was never going to happen, he’d stopped. Steve was sure that eventually Tony would realize he could still do all those things as friends and he’d start doing it again. In the meantime, he just had to be patient.
And to deal with
“Wow, did it hurt to say that?”
Pierce smiled indulgently. “Come on in, Tony. We were just talking about you.”
Tony: Darling, I can barely see far enough into the future to plan out what I’m going to have for dinner tonight and you expect me to imagine where we’ll be in another two years?
But their team being together again, certainly.
lucky—it’s not too late for him to rebuild his relationship with Tony.
“Yes, sweetheart?”
Tony perks up, spinning on his heel and picking up the speck of stardust with his bare hand. “I need your help opening the converter door so I can toss this in. Something must have gotten damaged during the battle with the
“What’s wrong with this one?” he asked idly.
Steve blinks. Tony had really thought that he’d be able to bring them in peacefully? Did he know anything about Steve “I’m picking every battle ever” Rogers? Or was it that he’d hoped? After all, Spiderman (geez, just a kid, Steve had nearly dropped a truck on a
Steve gets a text from Tony as he’s getting ready to go into work one morning about a week before they plan on opening the store. He glances over it and frowns as he reads it again:
“This is nice,” Steve says, stepping close. He runs his index finger under the thin strap of the romper, tugging it down over Tony’s shoulder. He lets it go, watching as it slips far enough to reveal one brown nipple. “Is it new?”
“Mutants.”
“—I’d never keep quiet if I was uncomfortable—”
Tony sighed and leaned back against his desk. Steve didn’t step foot inside Tony’s office very often. They didn’t frequently discuss their shows beforehand, outside of confirming what topics they were covering and who the guest speaker would be, and when they did discuss them, they typically went to someplace more neutral, like a nearby coffeeshop. Tony’s office was very different from his. Steve had prints of favorite artworks, whereas Tony had posters of his favorite old cars. Steve’s desk was devoid of anything personal, covered instead with small terrariums he’d picked up over the years; Tony’s was filled with fidget toys and photos of him and his friends, including one of him and Steve from their freshman year that was now, Steve noticed, noticeably absent. He wondered where Tony had put it, then reminded himself that it wasn’t any of his business. He shouldn’t care anyway.
“Look,” he says, “I know this is weird, but I need you to push up your sleeve.”
“Possibly Thor’s. I’ll bet Goat Steve picks fights with every goat that looks at him wrong. Probably does a lot of headbutting.”
, something whispered in his mind.
He waits again. A couple minutes of silence pass and then Tony clears his throat. “Maybe a little,” Tony admits.
Tony groaned, turning and burying his face in Steve’s chest. Steve kissed the top of his head and stroked Tony’s hair. Tony made another low sound, this one a little more heated than frustrated. “Last Halloween was
a kid, but that’s beside the point. He goes to college! Shouldn’t that count for something?
The phone clicked off. Steve stared at it for a long moment and then broke down, grieving for everything they’d lost all those years ago.
“Pretty much.” He glances at where Tony has hung the business license behind the counter. It had stayed on the counter all day yesterday, which means that Tony must have hung it up either after he left last night or before he got here this morning. It’s still in the silver frame Steve picked out for it, and that—he doesn’t know exactly how he feels about that but he likes this feeling. It’s a feeling he’s coming to associate with Tony and—and he likes it. “In the interest of our new partnership, I should probably come clean about something: the frame didn’t come with the license. I picked it out.”
He slides it inside Tony’s hole, letting it disappear inside him. Tony’s reaction is instantaneous, sobbing and tossing his head back into the pillows, hips arching up in a futile attempt to get away from the ice. Steve immediately presses his hips back down, fits his mouth around the head of Tony’s cock, and sucks.
Bucky said it anyway: “Steve, you really need to think about if continuing to hurt yourself like this—hurt
Historically, not true.
“Oh, my darling, what am I going to do with you?” Maria whispers, turning him over again. Predictably, Tony doesn’t reply. She kisses him again. “Good night, my bright boy.”
“Yeah, yeah.”
“As you say,” T’Challa says quietly. “But I think it’s something you should consider.”
“I won’t,” Steve said sincerely. “I couldn’t.”
Tony tilts his head to the side. “If you’d like, I can see what can be done about putting a stop to it. This could be the shortest run in Broadway history.”
“A dick?” Steve supplied.
in the store. Steve always started their grocery shopping trip with a list of things that they needed, determined he would stand firm that time, and somehow, they always ended up leaving with two carts. When he could, he’d do the grocery shopping while Tony was at the office since Steve worked from home, but he hadn’t been kidding about needing fruit. They’d been out for several days, too busy to go out to get more, and Steve was tired of grabbing carrots for a snack.
as though he was just being tactile to needle Steve and not that he really had been trying to be friendly. He felt bad for a moment, but reasoned it away by reminding himself that they didn’t touch. He didn’t need to explain himself to Tony.
He waits to tell Tony until the next time they see each other. He could have texted him, but they’d already planned on meeting up after this visit to Wakanda, and besides, he doesn’t want to share this news over the phone. Tony deserves to hear about this in person.
wouldn’t have created the Abomination, or Bruce the Hulk.”
Tony clearly seizes on the distraction, judging by the way his eyes light up and he exclaims, “Yes!” He holds it up and shakes the bag. “Thank you.”
past transcripts: 08-20-18]
wasn’t right. Someone had to bring him down,” Tony says. To Steve’s delight, he leans further into him instead of pulling him away.
Me, 30 minutes later: You know, Focus on the Family works pretty well
gifts—but he hasn’t said that they look nice or that he returns Tony’s affections. He hasn’t given Tony a gift back.
“Or—I can?” Tony offers. “I’ve got a degree in Mechanical Engineering. How hard can a light fixture be?”
“Huh,” Steve says, following Tony through the warren of copper pipes toward the energy converter. He has no idea how Tony knows where he’s going without a map. Steve still sometimes needs a map and he’s lived on this ship for a year. “That’s not something you can fix?”
Tony’s mouth clicks shut.
“But what?”
“Of course.”
Steve laughs. “I’d pay money to see that.”
Tony. It couldn’t be. Steve had been so careful to avoid ending up anywhere near Tony. Last he’d heard, they worked on opposite sides of the country. It couldn’t be—
By the time the summer rolled around, they’d grown so close that Steve suggested they spend the summer break together too, instead of Tony joining one of his other friends like he’d originally planned. Tony had kissed his cheek and told him it was a sweet offer but he couldn’t just back out on Rhodey like that. Steve had thought about that kiss all the way up until his birthday when Tony surprised him at the fireworks. Steve hadn’t even hesitated; he’d pulled Tony in and kissed his smiling mouth.
And then he kisses Steve.
“Is it even possible?” Steve asks.
Steve looks at Nat and Wanda. Nat nods and says, “It’s not like Tony needs an answer right now.”
Another one of those odd nervous laughs though Steve couldn’t figure out what Vision had to be nervous about. It wasn’t as though magic tricks were likely to get him into trouble with anyone, not unless he set Dottie’s hair on fire or something else disastrous. “Well, as much as
Tony nods and then kisses him again, soft and reassuring and sweet. “You’re welcome,” he murmurs as he pulls away.
It only takes two more strokes before Steve comes, whining loudly as he spills over Tony’s stomach and red silk alike. He slumps forward, only remembering at the last second to roll to the side so that he doesn’t crush Tony beneath him.
“Good. We gave up too much for you to just throw it away.”
There are times, Jarvis thinks, when he’d like to damn the consequences and tell Howard Stark exactly just what he thinks of his parenting style. He knows what speaking his mind would get him: fired, just like the maid and Howard’s last butler.
Fuck.
Tony was oddly subdued that morning. He arrived late to their weekly meeting with the production staff and other show hosts, slinking in ten minutes after it began with only one cup of coffee in his hand instead of the usual two. Steve told himself he wasn’t upset that Tony hadn’t brought him a cup the way he always did—he
“My birthday’s not for another week.”
“Were you serious when you said yes?” Tony shot back.
“Sure.”
Finished that earlier today.
” Tony shouts.
“It’s polite,” Steve comments, finally turning back around to face him. He looks relieved at the outfit Tony’s chosen and opens his arms up for a hug. Tony eagerly takes advantage of the offer. Steve’s hugs are the
“And you?”
past transcripts: 06-15-20]
No. Steve very definitely doesn’t have an ex like that and he doesn’t know anyone else who does either, expect apparently Tony. “No,” he says, “but I’m guessing that’s a common thing where you come from?”
“We could see the stars every night if we didn’t live in New York,” Steve hums and wraps his arms around Tony’s waist to tug him in closer.
Pepper gives him a sympathetic look. Tony just turns away. He knows that with her memory going, Aunt Peggy needs to be moved somewhere people can look after her. And he knows that Uncle Grant is getting too old to do that job. And he knows that this facility is more like a retirement community than a nursing home, but he still feels bad. There’s more that he could be doing, he just knows it, no matter what Uncle Grant says.
Tony holds up his form soundlessly.
“No,” he admits. Tony’s face falls and he hastily adds, “But I’m sure they’ve forgotten other things and anyway, my birthday’s almost impossible to forget. It’s on the fourth of July, so real easy to remember.”
Tony weakly swats at him.
He shakes his head ruefully. “You figured it out, huh?”
Easy for her to say. She’s already found her Rhodey.
They fall into an easy silence as they work, which surprises Steve. He would have thought, given how their last few conversations had gone, that any silence between them would be fraught with tension, if they were able to keep from sniping at each other at all. But maybe, he thinks, maybe Tony is just as tired as fighting as he is.
“Think Thor but without the magic hammer.”
“All I really do is flip a few switches when I ‘break’ the A/C. This is a complete power blackout.”
“I’m getting there,” Tony says, looking up at him with oddly shiny eyes. “She disappeared. No one knew what happened to her, but her friend’s daughter used to say that she was keeping the universe safe. Turns out she was
“I forgot to call the florists,” he complained. His fingers fumbled on the buttons of his shirt. Steve sighed and abandoned knotting his tie to cross the room to help Tony with the buttons.
“Sorry, I shouldn’t have sprung that on you,” he adds hastily. “Please, come in. I wanted to talk to you.”
He bursts into laughter and puts the phone on speaker, as he calls for Luis to come hear this.
They pause in between each session for Steve to untie the ropes, rub some ointment into the red marks on Tony’s body, and murmur quiet praise into Tony’s ear. This might not be a “real” session by most people’s definition, but he’ll be damned if he ever ties someone up and doesn’t tell them how good they’re being for him. And Tony clearly likes it, checking in with him often to make sure he’s holding his pose the way Steve wants him to and gasping a little every time Steve praises him, eyes going dark.
From what he can tell through the window, Tony is meditating, floating about a foot off the ground, eyes closed. A few of the products are floating as well, all metal items, which makes sense when he thinks about how Tony’s specialty is in metallurgy and electrical spells.
“Scary or funny?”
Caller: Uh, hi. My name’s Charlotte.
Tony brightens up, and he nuzzles further into her side. The light sensation tickles her stomach, making her laugh. “I want a Cap Bear then,” he says decisively.
He shot up from under his desk where he’d been packing up his things to go home, nearly slamming his head on the underside of his desk. Tony was standing in the doorway, fidgeting nervously though he was trying to appear confident with the smirk on his face that Steve remembered from their college days. Tony had pulled it out every time he’d wanted to do something with Steve that he wasn’t sure Steve would like: “Hey, Steve, we should go rock climbing,” “Hey, Steve, we should sneak into this bar. Yeah I know we’re underage and the bouncer is notoriously difficult to get past, but I want to do it anyway,” “Hey, Steve, I want you to fist me.”
“Thor thinks Thanos will be coming here once he collects the other Stones. We need to be ready. We need everyone we can get. Steve, you promised me you would think about signing the Accords if they were amended. They’ve been amended; where’s your signature?”
“Tony?” Steve asked from behind him.
“Rude. You should have been down here, catering to my every whim.” Tony said, punctuating each word with another poke.
He does not have a date.
“You can’t just walk in. We’re not open,” she says brusquely.
To his consternation, Captain America doesn’t immediately listen to him. Instead, he says, “You know, Fury warned me people would say things like that, but I didn’t think it would happen this quickly.”
“Yeah, funny enough, I got that from all the screaming and carrying on that you were doing while I was trying to talk to your Aunt Pepper.”
Something was still bothering him.
Steve was adamant that, since they both had the day off and had decided to treat it as a bit of a staycation, they took the time to clean the house. He didn’t enjoy living in a messy house and now that they had two pets, it was a lot harder to keep the house picked up than it used to be. Steve felt like he was vacuuming almost every single day to keep up with the sheer amount of fur that Dummy shed.
As one, they looked at Dodger, who was currently whining that Dummy’s food bowl—which only responded to a chip in Dummy’s collar—was empty, while there was plenty of dog food in Dodger’s bowl less than a foot away.
“Careful,” Steve warns, bracing himself with hands on either side of Tony’s body. “I might crush you.”
wife prepare?”
left. And Steve would pick himself up again, only it would be easier this time. It wouldn’t hurt like it had last time.
There are a little under fifty thousand Steve Rogerses currently alive in the United States.
Clint must know that he knows because he ignores the question. “Feels like they should be here with us, doesn’t it? Well, anyway, good night.”
Steve sputters.
The very thought sends shivers up and down Steve’s spine. He knows what Ross wanted to do with the Abomination, knows what Ross’ plans for the Hulk had been. He can easily see Ross—or someone else like him—twisting the Sentinels’ abilities to their own purposes, expanding the definition of evil intentions to anything not like their own.
Steve fights to keep himself from smiling fondly at Tony’s disgruntlement. They barely know each other, there’s no reason he should be acting as though they’ve known each other for a hundred years. “So what brings you back to my corner of the town?” he asks as he heads over to his desk.
“Huh?”
He glances up when Steve comes in, looking at him curiously. “What are you doing here?” he asks. “I told you I didn’t need any help.”
He doesn’t know how long he spends on Tony’s nipples, but he’s gone through three ice cubes before Tony’s moans change pitch, sounding closer to a whine. He pulls away. He knows that Tony can come just from having his nipples played with—they both can, something that has delighted them to no end in the past—but neither of them are as young as they used to be, and he’s not done with Tony yet.
He couldn’t do this. “I can’t do this.”
He takes out the flip phone and stares at it for a while, drumming his fingers against the wooden railing. Eventually, he flips the phone open and starts a next text message to Tony:
“You know, the good thing about all those messages,” Steve says, holding out the folder for Tony to take, “is that I was able to get enough information from them to fill out your form for you.”
“We’re sticky,” he managed.
“Yes, Cruella,” Tony muttered, winking at Steve, who hid a grin.
“Keep them there,” he orders.
As he’s turning from the Starks to the bar, Tony looks up and spots him. He smiles that little smile again, barely a twitch really, but Steve is starting to figure out those tiny expressions and he knows it means that Tony is happy to see him. He waves and is met with a flutter of Tony’s fingers, not enough to draw his family’s attention, before Tony turns back to his sister.
“Five.”
Tony looks up at him. “What?”
Steve’s breath leaves him in a whoosh. It’s only now that he realizes how much this has been weighing on him, how much the thought that Tony might not believe him, might think he’s a liar, has hurt.
“I’m coming home,” Steve says again, the words growing stronger as he lets himself believe them. “You, T’Challa, the two of us together, we remade the Accords into something that protects us as well as the people we protect. Sam’s still not too sure about it, but T’Challa’s working on getting him approval for a trial period so he can figure out if he’s comfortable signing or if he wants to go home to DC. That’ll take some time, so I’m not coming back immediately, but I’m ready to sign.”
“Sure there is! We know what we like. We don’t have to spend any effort finding someone else. That’s the very definition of convenient.”
“I don’t. Howard likes to send me links to shitty articles about me so he can tell me I’m wasting my life. Anyway, every time they talk about us, it’s about how we’re gay. What, have they never heard of bisexuals before?”
There was a disquieting feeling in the pit of his stomach as he looked at the coffee. It was nice, what Tony had done, but was it too close to what he used to do? Was this yet another attempt at getting Steve back, even after Steve had explicitly told him it was never going to happen? But Tony didn’t deserve his distrust. He’d been nothing but honest the entire time with Steve. It was his own fault that he’d misunderstood what Tony was doing. He didn’t deserve Steve snapping at him for doing something nice. He knew that Tony liked to get things for people, knew that was how he demonstrated affection, not just for Steve but for everyone he liked. It didn’t mean anything romantic, no matter how Steve’s brain took it.
He wants to stay here for the rest of his life.
“It’s fine,” he insists. “Really, if I’d come with Sam and Bucky or even if we’d waited another couple weeks, I’d probably be laughing too. It was just the wrong time.”
His character doesn’t get together with either Sharon
which was the craziest thing in Steve’s opinion (though he appreciated how polite they were; he’d been recognized several times on the street, but never approached, which was nice).
This is true, as laundry is one of the few chores that neither of them are willing to do. They pay their drycleaners very well for their discreteness and to keep quiet about the various odd stains on their clothing. But Steve still likes to tease Tony about this little luxury that they have.
—the wheel turns, protesting the entire way. Eventually, he gets it open, letting another blast of heat into the engine room. Tony tosses the stardust in. It flares in the heat of the converter, setting off beautiful gold and purple sparks. Steve closes the door. It closes a lot easier than it opened. Tony hums thoughtfully at it.
“Yeah.”
,” Steve exclaims. “Trust me, I know all of that. But I’m not the kind of man who can just leave his team behind.”
“Hi Tony, it’s Steve,” he hears and then a very soft, very emphatic, “
Steve moved before looking, trusting that Tony wouldn’t tell him to move like that without there being a good reason. It was only once he was standing on the other side of the living room that he turned to the window, wondering what had Tony so scared: Wanda and Agnes, facing off against each other, each with glowing hands. It wasn’t something Steve had ever seen in Westview, not from either woman or ever, really. His breath caught as he stared at the showdown, only realizing when she forced them to their knees, that Agnes was holding Wanda’s two sons hostage.
“I know.”
“That’d be great,” Betty said, waving at them as she headed off to her rental car.
“I talked about it with Sam and Wanda as well; they both agreed on this list,” Steve continues. Tony glances up at him, a faint worried look in his eyes. “They think I’m going through T’Challa, so you don’t have to worry that our secret’s been compromised. Uh—do these seem at least a little bit reasonable?”
people.”
“What are their names?”
“As though you’re not as bad,” Steve retorted. “Or have you already forgotten about—about…” Huh. That was odd. He couldn’t remember the name of the high schooler Tony had taken under his wing last year. He could picture the boy’s face—the mischievous grey eyes, the cheeky turn of his smile—but the name kept slipping through like water in a sieve.
“You want to make them proud,” Steve finishes gently. “There’s nothing—”
“Funny, because I remember you telling me you would be staying there tonight and me saying that I had plans.”
He smiled tightly at the grey-haired man waiting for him, biting back a grimace as he shook the man’s hand. He really was better with typewriters than people. “Sorry, hope I haven’t kept you long.”
Caller: Right, so, I’m—uh—I’ve got this like friends with benefits situation going on. And it’s really new, and it’s not like we promised each other forever or anything. Like it really is just a friends with bennies thing. But then I found out today that, like, they’ve been thinking about moving to be closer to their mom, and I’m like what the [beep], you weren’t going to tell me about that, and they were like well, no, that’s not the kind of relationship we have, and now they’re calling me a [beep] for not caring about their family problems, but I’m not!
“You mean that we won’t. Bit of a difference there.”
Steve is careful not to brush against him as he walks inside, though it’s close. The doorway isn’t large, and Steve is a big man. He drops his bag on the wooden table in the entryway, not sure if Tony has a room set aside for him, or even if he wants Steve to stay there at all.
They’re on a Caribbean island this time, at a vacation house that Tony has apparently rented for their discussion. It’s a nice house, not as spacious (empty, he really means) as Tony’s home in Sweden, but bigger than the safehouse Steve had taken them to the last time he’d met up. Tony is already there when Steve arrives, standing in the open kitchen in jean and a button-down with the sleeves rolled up as he chops vegetables. Steve hopes the meal means that Tony will be staying for longer than the duration of their talk this time. He misses Tony, his snark, his wit, the surprising care with which he treats Steve, considering how frequently they butt heads.
Steve snorted. It was so like Tony to be completely irreverent while they were discussing something so serious. When they were dating, it was something that had irritated him—that Tony seemingly couldn’t take anything seriously—but now that he was older, now that he wasn’t personally invested in how seriously Tony took something, it was more amusing than grating. Tony grinned at him and winked.
It took him a while to sit down fully, and at one point, he had to pull off entirely to add more lube, but his cheeks eventually hit Tony’s thighs. He took a moment to adjust to Tony’s size; he hadn’t bottomed for him in a while, and the few other partners he’d had during that time had nothing on Tony’s cock. Tony was stretched out beneath him, sweat-soaked and gleaming in the light from the lamp, hands nearly white, they were clenched so hard on the iron bars. It was a different view than he was used to; Tony usually liked him on his back. He found he kind of liked it. He clenched down around Tony’s cock, drawing a low groan out of him.
) had been formidable backup. If it hadn’t been for Nat’s assistance, Steve doubts they would have made it out of there. Most of them hadn’t.
But puzzling or not, the shippers made up a pretty large portion of their fanbase and Steve was grateful for them. If it weren’t for them,
“Or what?”
Tony smiles viciously. “Because I made sure it never saw the light of day.” He sighs, smile fading as he runs his hand through his hair. “You gotta understand Steve: people are
Tony bailed him out of jail the next morning, informed him that he’d apparently blackmailed his dad into dropping the court case against Steve, and told him that if he ever brought any of that night up ever again, Tony would personally see to it that Steve never saw daylight again. Steve, who’d gotten a glimpse under the curtain, nodded along until Tony ran out of breath and then hugged him. It took almost thirty seconds for Tony to relax enough to hug him back and Steve’s heart had broken a little at the implication.
Steve eyes him skeptically.
Why is Tony flirting with
“Shut up or I’ll get you another giant bunny.”
He shakes his head. “I suspected.” And that’s true. Zola had made the claim that Hydra had had the Starks killed but Zola had claimed a lot of disasters that were easy enough to prove false. When the mission report hadn’t surfaced after the fall of SHIELD, he had assumed that was a lie too.
“Yeah. He, uh, I guess Howard had put his whole business plan on a USB and Justin took it. Said he was going to present it to his board in two days. Howard thought he was going to go with him back to New York for the presentation, but it’s only Justin.”
A chill goes through Steve. He hasn’t heard anything about that—they must have landed their ship somewhere unnoticed—but he knows what it means. War is coming. “Is Thanos—”
Thor laughs, that great booming laugh of his that rattles the windows in their panes. “As though I could,” he says jovially before sobering again. “Truly, though, I cannot imagine what might have Anthony so upset if not for the store failing and as it is empty in here, I can conclude little else. I may—”
“I’m not.”
of all people would understand. Even after their fight, after everything, Tony thought of him first. He’s so busy basking in the warm glow the thought gives him that it takes him a few minutes to realize that Tony has fallen asleep against his shoulder. Well, he supposes he can’t be surprised. Tony’s been through a lot the last few months—last few
“That I am.”
“Mostly, the same old stuff that happens every year,” Tony said, snuggling up next to him. Steve wrapped his arm around Tony’s shoulders and dropped a quick kiss on his hair. Tony beamed up at him before turning to give Steve’s neck a kiss of his own. “But Wanda and Vision? That was fantastic. Like watching
“You didn’t always think that.”
He breaks off in a sharp exhale as Steve runs the ice around his exposed nipple. “
“So maybe I’ll just have to wait a while. It’s fine.”
“Come in, ducky,” she calls, raising her voice.
There’s a silver frame sitting right beside it. Steve still hasn’t decided if he’s going to give the frame to Tony as well. Steve had gotten the frame on a whim after overhearing Rhodey and Natasha talking a few days ago about Tony finding out that his last business’s success had been a lie, that his parents had not only given him the startup money for the—Steve isn’t actually sure what Tony had done prior to this, something with magic and technology that had flown way over his head when he’d googled it—anyway, he’d gathered that the Starks had not only given Tony the startup money but also paid off every single one of his customers. Steve hasn’t ever had anyone do something like that to him, but he knows how it feels to feel like you’re not good enough to do something; his entire adolescence was like that. So he’d bought the frame because he thought it would be a nice reminder that this is something Tony’s doing all on his own, no help from anyone.
“I’m fine, Uncle Grant,” Tony lies. “I’m doing great.”
wanted him around new employees. It was almost a guarantee that he would scare them off. But Herb had called in sick yesterday—some type of bad headache. Tony thought it sounded like he was really just taking a day off with the missus, but who was he to judge? He’d certainly done the same thing with Steve once or twice… he thought. Anyway, it fell to Tony to lead orientation that day.
“Yeah?” Steve asked cheekily.
“You know,” Steve added, “this is gonna be real embarrassing if it turns out our show isn’t the one getting cancelled.”
“Yeah,” he says, trying to hide his disappointment. “I get it.”
, her and Vision both.
Hi, everyone! You might have noticed that I updated the tags to include one for unhealthy relationships. I debated for a while about adding it - I really wasn't sure the fic needed it when Steve and Tony aren't actually in a relationship - but after reading through some of the comments, I decided it was better to add it and not need it. I can promise you though that like all my fics, this will end happily, though it might not seem like it right now.
“No, I know. What I mean is: is this supposed to be a date?”
“Were what?”
per se, it definitely doesn’t sound angry either. Steve relaxes, even though there’s still a tense furrow between his brows. Tony wishes he could reach over and smooth it out. His hand stays in his lap.
The sun has nearly set by the time Bucky and Sam emerge from Bucky’s home, both of them blinking in the dusk light. Steve puts his phone away and hurries over to them, looking at their faces as though it’ll give him some kind of clue as to what they decided.
Steve huffs. “Yeah.”
“What do you think?” he asks, holding the sets up. Tony glances them over and nods eagerly. “And you brought what I asked for?”
“You’ll find them,” Uncle Grant says confidently.
. That’s not the kind of thing one asks just a friend to, right? Why hadn’t Tony known?
Rhodey has two younger sisters, one of whom has an overactive imagination and saw
Eventually, Tony sighs heavily. “Thank you. We would love your help,” he admits reluctantly.
“I picked up a yoga instructor at the bar this weekend,” he blurted out in an attempt to keep the conversation going and immediately winced. That was the kind of thing he could tell Sam and Bucky, not Tony, who was likely still trying to get over his feelings for him. Fuck, was he
“There have definitely been shorter runs,” Steve points out. He can think of a few that had only one showing, and this one’s already been running for a week. Tony, however, jus waves a dismissive hand, making Steve laugh. Tony always manages to make him laugh. “Look, don’t worry about trying to stop the show. You and Bucky are right—it
“But you don’t want to leave Tony hanging either,” she says, managing to read his mind rather well for someone who claimed she wasn’t a mind reader. “He won’t wait forever.”
Steve thinks about it. “Kinda gross,” he admits, making Tony laugh. His hands leave their spot by his head to card through Steve’s hair, alternating stroking and scratching in that way that always kind of makes Steve feel like a beloved pet, though he still loves it.
He spun around in a little circle, letting Steve take in every inch of him: the way the hem draped just below his ass, the lace detailing on the skirt, the bow right between his shoulder blades. Steve muttered something to whoever he was on the phone with—Herb, probably—and hung up. He stood, taking two steps to cross the room to where Tony was standing at the base of the stairs and pulled him into his arms.
“Take it anyway,” Steve urges him. “I’ve spelled it for clarity and peace of mind. Seems like you might need those.”
Well.
Steve spent most of the morning doing the necessary research for the interview on their show, though he did take the time during lunch to check out how their fandom was doing. Neither he nor Tony were overly fond of having a fandom in the first place. Steve had never cared for the spotlight and as for Tony, well, despite his flashy upbringing, he hated the spotlight almost as much as Steve did. But that, he supposed, was the price of having a very popular radio show. And, since all of their shows were made available online a month after airing for the first time, it made it easy for their fans to go back and listen to old shows (though, for the most part, only the hardcore Stony shippers did that).
Tony shrugged. “Cheaper than the garage.” He led Steve to a dark blue sports car that Steve recognized as an old birthday gift from Mrs. Stark before Tony’s dad insisted she cut all contact with their wayward son.
“Uh-huh. Tony, please, be serious with me. You’re
Steve flips through it, checking for Tony’s signature and safewords. Tony’s put down two, the color system and the word “mansion.” Steve glances back up at him questioningly.
He makes a sad noise and settles back down, forlornly staring at Steve’s tent.
Tony snorted. “Sure, good luck with that.” He and Steve exchanged another look, amused this time. Both of them were more than aware that the “neighborhood watch” was just an excuse for the men in the neighborhood to get together and gossip without having to either call it gossip or validate it to their wives.
“As is so often the case, I’ll tell you guys that communication is always the key to these kinds of relationship problems,” Tony said. “You can have the best relationship in the world, but if you don’t talk about this job with your partner, then you might find your relationship coming to an abrupt, unexpected end.”
“Right, right. Well, I’d like to put those rumors to rest.” Pierce paused.
“Nothing,” Steve says quickly. “Just—” He smiles, one side of his mouth quirking up. It makes him look soft, and Tony’s heart flutters. “I think it’s sweet that you told him a bedtime story.”
“Yeah,” Steve said. “I’m glad I met him. Don’t know what my life would be like without him.”
“Sure,” Steve agrees, smiling bashfully back at Tony. He doesn’t have a preference about pizza as long as there’s no pineapple on it.
She nods, gaze falling on the tablet he’s clutching. “Have you thought about what you’re going to do if Tony isn’t able to pass all of your amendments?”
While the team is in Prague about a month later, he texts Tony and asks to meet up when he gets a chance. He’s finished going through the entire Accords—a much larger document than he’d expected, though he isn’t sure how much of that could have been condensed without the legalese—and he thinks he’s ready to share his proposed amendments with Tony. To his surprise, Tony turns out to be attending a conference in the city and his hotel is only a few blocks away from Steve’s safehouse.
“Okay. Do you—” He stops, not sure how to ask if he wants a hug instead without making it sound like he thinks Tony’s fragile. Yes, it sort of looks that way, like Tony is holding himself together with tape and prayers, but he knows what his partner is made of and it’s much stronger stuff than tape and prayers. Not everyone could put themselves out there to start up a new business or bring themselves to accept help when it’s offered, but Tony could. Tony
“No,” Tony said stubbornly. “I want you to tell me why you don’t want to talk about this.”
He stood, searching for his jeans and underwear. His shirt, he knew, was still out by the front door where Tony had nearly torn it off of him. Behind him, he could hear Tony drag himself out of bed and into the attached bathroom. The water turned on, but he couldn’t tell if it was just the sink to wet a washcloth or the shower so Tony could wipe the sweat off of him. Tony didn’t usually mind getting dirty during sex, preferring just to wipe himself down afterwards, but it might be different now that they both knew where they stood. The bathroom door opened again while he was tugging his shoes on—just the sink then.
“Wow,” he breathes out, “this place is really coming together.”
“Wow, okay,
Tony feels against him. His friend needs comfort right now, not for Steve to—to make a move or something.
Tony frowns. “You couldn’t use anything I just said?”
Tony’s gaze, fixed on Steve, was quietly regretful. Steve ignored it. This topic was already hard enough. He didn’t want to have to deal with Tony’s feelings on top of it.
“No,” Tony orders. “Stop. DUM-E, put that fire extinguisher down. I swear if you douse this dorm room in foam
He can practically hear T’Challa’s frown through the phone. “Did you think he wouldn’t?”
“Not to stand in the way of true love,” Steve said dryly. “But it’s also okay if you find out a long-distance relationship isn’t for you. They’re not for everyone. I personally don’t think I could ever manage one. And it’s okay if you only realize it’s not for you after your partner has already moved! You’ve got lots of options there, including deciding that breaking up is the best thing for you. There’s nothing wrong with that either, no matter what a lot of romcoms would have you believe.”
“Tony, are you just doing this because of what I said?” he asked, not sure how setting a new boundary would lead to Tony interpreting it as needing to be less commanding, but sometimes Tony’s brain worked in strange ways. Unbidden, his thumbs rubbed the soft skin of Tony’s hips where his shirt had ridden up.
“But you’re not going to?”
They both smile awkwardly.
“Maybe we can start with dinner first?” Steve asks. “That’s how humans do things.”
would lead to another relationship and in four years, he’d propose to Tony only to get turned down… again. Steve couldn’t do that to himself again. He’d promised himself never to let Tony Stark break his heart again.
“You’re from New York,” Tony states as he sits down.
He hates that Tony was put in this situation, hates that his own father was the one to put him there when Tony
Tony: And have you told your husband that?
“Sure, but, Stevie, sign or not, I’m never gonna pick up a gun again. I don’t even know if I want to leave Wakanda.”
Hence, the Craigslist ad.
“Right,” Steve says, smiling at the way Tony’s rapid-fire speech is coming back. He’s missed that. He turns his hand over just enough that he can squeeze Tony’s hand back.
Tony: Hi, thanks for calling in to
And suddenly, Tony thinks he knows why he’s had Steve’s name on his wrist his entire life.
Steve sinks down onto his bed. “Shit. That’s…”
He should agree—even he knows that—but what he says instead is, “I’m really glad I invested in your business.”
Steve nodded again, keeping his lips clamped shut this time as he didn’t want to overshare again. There was such a thing as pushing his luck, and he suspected he was getting close to that line.
“Steve?” Tony asked hesitantly.
She coos, “Follow us on the
Speaking of the lingering awkwardness between them…
“Right,” Tony agreed. “Nobody likes to be cheated on, and no matter what Twitter says, there’s never a time when cheating is okay. But that’s a topic for another episode. We’ll be right back after this break to talk about the best ways to have a conversation about moving and long-distance relationships with your partner.”
than us, and she and Rhodey hit it off for as much as a sixteen-year-old can hit it off with anyone almost a decade older than him. Anyway, we kept in contact with her, babysat her cat a few times when we were in California, got to tour this facility she was working at, and then she just disappeared off the face of the planet. Official story was there was a crash, but no one ever found a body so we didn’t really believe it—her best friend didn’t believe it either—great woman, loved her and her—”
There was something niggling at the back of Tony’s mind when he woke up that morning. He blinked at the dark ceiling, trying to remember whatever it was that was bothering him. Was it a dream he’d woken up in the middle of? No, couldn’t be. Steve was the one who remembered his dreams. Tony hadn’t remembered one since he was a child. Did he forget to prep for the training meeting with the new hires later that morning? No, he distinctly remembered making sure the file was set by the front door so he wouldn’t forget it when he left.
Steve gave him a concerned frown. “Is everything okay? You’re not normally up this early.”
“You want to keep doing this?” Steve asked. It’s not that he was adverse; it was just that—well, he didn’t see why Tony would want to when he knew that there was no future in it. They were never going to get back together, which Steve had gathered was the main reason Tony had been okay with their arrangement for as long as he was.
“Mmm, yes you do,” Tony murmurs. Steve wonders if Tony’s thinking about the same thing he is: that time he pinned Tony to the walls of their shared bunk and—well, now’s not the time to be thinking about that.
“No,” Tony says quietly. “I was never really angry.”
Thor gives him an indulgent look that tells Steve he doesn’t believe him as plainly as if he’d spoken aloud. “I may only be the mayor but I think there are a few strings I can pull if you’re going bankrupt.”
out either, even if it’s just to see if his attraction is a real thing or if it’s just because he hasn’t had sex in almost a year.
Tony gives him a sheepish look. “You knew about that, huh?”
“Who else would she give it to? The dancing horse?”
"And I’m Mr. Right Now,” Steve cut in.
though that’s something he only admits to himself in the dead of night when no one else can hear him. He made his choice. Now he has to live with it.
“How did you sleep?”
Tony laughed. “I hope she decided to talk to him about it, but considering how she reacted when I told her to, they’re probably divorced now.” He paused and then added thoughtfully, “I’ll bet it’s the rumors going on here.”
And Steve had—god, he hadn’t listened at all, had he? He’d been so caught up with Peggy and Bucky and the other supersoldiers that he’d completely ignored all of Tony’s overtures. No wonder Tony was so quick to bring up the possibility of amendments. He’d thought Steve had objected to everything instead of having other things on his mind. And he
He sighs gloomily. “Well, now what? You’re here now so I think this date is kinda over.”
He went up to Tony after the meeting was over, giving him a small smile. “Hey, you doing okay?” he asked.
“Why you were thinking about her,” Tony clarified. “We’ve kinda got a similar situation going on here, wouldn’t you say?”
Tony: Okay, yeah, that’s true, but that’s also something that you can sit down and have an actual conversation about. You know, communicate and all that jazz. Supposedly, it’s what makes the best relationships.
“And don’t you forget it.”
it. The name on his wrist means that he’s already met them—means he already met them
“Little early, but yes. I liked it a lot.”
Tony huffs out a sigh. “Seriously, you don’t know who I am? This place doesn’t look like a rock but it has to be since you’re living under it.” He digs his wallet out of the pocket of his hoodie, slides his driver’s license out of it, and passes it to Steve.
Tony grimaced. “Yeah. I just caught wind of it last night.”
“You realize he’s one of the most visible people in the city right now, don’t you?”
“Huh.” Tony drummed his fingers on the bedspread, upsetting Dummy, who let out a plaintive meow. “That
“Hey, Steve, about that favor you said you owed me: what do you think about going to see the fireworks together for your birthday?”
Steve waited, half-expecting Tony to invite him out for drinks once their show was over like he always did. But Tony just fluttered his fingers in a little wave and turned, heading in the direction of his office. Stunned, Steve stood there for a moment. He couldn’t remember the last time Tony hadn’t invited him out. Steve didn’t always take him up on the offer, but that had never stopped him. What was going on with Tony?
“I’m fine,” Tony said eventually. He was still too quiet. “I just didn’t sleep well last night. Had some things on my mind.”
Tony frowned and checked the clock. Steve sighed, already knowing what was coming. Tony made the same offer every time, clearly hoping that one day, Steve would take him up on it. “Steve, it’s two in the morning. Come back to bed.”
But in the back of his mind, he asks that same question he’d asked last year:
“Vision, hi!” Tony said cheerfully as they stopped in the produce aisle. “Shopping for dinner tonight?”
“And it is?” Tony challenged. Steve tried to remember, but couldn’t think of it. “Darling, let’s face it, we’re terrible hermits, the both of us. We never go to any of the neighborhood functions other than the talent show each year. We might as well lean into it.”
“What?”
Tony: And you want us to…?
“Tony?” Sam asked, looking between the two of them. “Thought you said you were done with Tony.”
“Mrs. Jones,” Steve started.
Steve doesn’t know what to do with that smile. “Yeah,” he says distantly, only realizing once he’s said it that he sounds way too high-pitched. He clears his throat. “Uh, I mean, you’re welcome.”
smiling because Steve stepped in cow dung. By the time they get back to Schitt’s Creek, Tony seems much more relaxed.
[From
“Do we?” Tony asked innocently. “I don’t see anything that couldn’t be put off until tomorrow.”
“Alright, that’s enough feelings for one night,” Tony says, suddenly taking his hand away. Steve would feel hurt by it if it’s not for the fact that Tony rubs his fingers over the spot where their palms had touched. “What brings you and the team to Prague?”
Steve made a thoughtful sound. “Nothing, really. I know we’d been talking about adopting a pet, so maybe we could run down to the shelter a little later and see if there’s anyone that catches our eye. Otherwise, we are as free as birds.”
Steve lifts his head, resting his chin on Tony’s stomach. “Are you the one tasting it?”
“I’m a cuddler.”
So when he hears Tony’s admission about the way his ex makes him feel, when he feels the way Tony is shaking like a leaf, when he can see the tear tracks on Tony’s cheeks, he knows his expression darkens. He stiffens. He lets the anger tear through him and then just as quickly, he lets it go. Because Tony is pulling away, mumbling something about how Steve must be so disappointed in him, and that’s just
There’s a knock on the front door, startling him out of his musings. It must be Sam, because Sam is the only other member of their team in the city at the moment with both Natasha and Wanda out of the country on personal business, but he still frowns. Sam should know the knock they’d established to inform each other they were at the door and that wasn’t his knock.
“What?” Tony asks, snatching the folder so he rifle through it. “You would do that? For me?”
“I’m sorry,” Steve says again. “I didn’t understand.”
Tony is quiet, staring silently down at the tablet long enough that it goes dark, before abruptly saying, “I’m sorry.”
He hadn’t known that. Or, rather, he supposes he objectively knew that when he and Sam decided not to tell Tony about finding Bucky. But he guesses that he just thought that Tony would have figured out that something else was going on, that Tony hadn’t gone into that airport believing Steve would be willing to come to blows over the
Through the grainy video, he sees her smile. It’s distorted by the way the video keeps glitching—they don’t have the best service here—and he wonders if her video of him is any clearer. It probably is. He knows how advanced Wakanda tech is, and Shuri’s view that everything can be improved means it’s probably even better than it was the last time he was there.
it, and if he could get past it, he just knew he’d be able to figure out what had felt so wrong about Agnes and Wanda.
Tony: I hate you.
“Okay,” he said, playing along. “See you this evening then.”
He was worried he’d have to physically carry Tony out of the room, but Tony just slumped and followed him, nearly collapsing against the wall once the door was closed.
Tony’s face is thunderous by the time he’s done. “So that’s that, then,” he says bitterly. “Can’t get everyone to agree, so it doesn’t matter that I stuck my neck out for you? That I helped rework a document that a hundred and seventy-five countries were fine with just so that you could be happier with them, only for you decide that it still wasn’t enough? I—” He cuts off with a low groan, covering his face with his hands. “I don’t know what else to do, Steve. I need you at my side for this.”
attack the Avengers’ Compound, which is more than what Scott did, even if he stole the Antman suit.”
“Thanks for the heads up,” Tony says after another awkward pause.
“No,” Steve admits, grimacing. Tony’s brow creases. “It didn’t even occur to me that you wouldn’t be able to pass all of it.”
Tony, on the other hand, would have been perfectly happy to let their house become a pigsty, but unlike with the bickering about Tony’s taste in music, picking up the house could, and had, become a full blown argument that ended with one of them sleeping on the couch. And since Steve could go toe to toe with Tony when it came to being stubborn, and Tony didn’t have as much invested in what their house looked like, he was willing to go along with cleaning as long as their house didn’t turn into a glorified museum. There was cleaning and then there was obsession, and Tony refused to veer into obsession territory.
“Tony,” he began, not sure what he was going to say.
“For the baseball team? Steve baby, I know you keep hoping they’ll come back to New York, but they’ve been in Los Angeles for longer than either of us have been alive.”
Tony: I think both of us have the same question for you. Have you talked about this with your husband?
“And what’s the next part? Shoving ice up my ass and making me squirm that way?” Tony asks sarcastically. Steve raises an eyebrow and waits. It takes Tony only a few seconds to realize what Steve is implying—
“Guess that’s true,” Tony says eventually and stands aside.
“Not like what you’re thinking,” Steve assures him. “If you get the grant money, you can afford to start paying me.”
Caller: We’re just friends with bennies.
“Thanks, sweetheart,” Steve says gratefully, dropping a quick kiss on his nose before leaving.
“Or maybe you just don’t sing as well as Mr. Stark claims you do,” Ana teases. Maria just shakes her head. It’s a running joke between the four of them that Howard believes his wife can do no wrong and the two Jarvises like to claim that they’re only bringing her back down to earth. “If you’d like, I can help you learn some bedtime stories of your own.”
“What do you mean?”
“Yeah, we caught the tail end of it on our way in,” Sam said. “You two sounded good.”
“You know,” Clint says, “you don’t have to help him out if you don’t want to. Tony means well but that doesn’t mean he can’t be abrasive sometimes.”
“Tony,” he said quietly. “I was never going to be ready.”
“Your story sounds nice.”
I’m okay with this.
“Oh, I’m so sorry,” she said worriedly. When it became apparent that Tony wasn’t concerned, she gave him a stern look. “You should listen to your mother and get some rest. Do you want me to bring in another bed, or?”
“I’m glad,” Steve said, a bit confused. If his mother liked this guy, then he must be a good man, although Steve couldn’t figure out why Sarah was telling him all of this.
she said quietly.
Sam was about to roll his sleeves up when a police officer jogged up to them and said, “You’re going to have to come with me, sir.”
“What are we, chopped liver?”
Tony grinned. “But Pep, you could use a kick to the face to bring your otherworldly beauty down to a normal human level.” Pepper shook her head fondly, turning back to the movie.
it squeaked.
Everyone’s attention was on Thor, so Tony moved slightly to get more uncomfortable, then snuggled into Steve’s heat. Steve’s arm wrapped more firmly around Tony’s waist and Tony let out a contented sigh.
Clint immediately backed off, his smile turning sharp. “I assume you mean Tony?”
On the bright side, they made a really good blanket.
That causes a lot of problems, since a dragon has even higher standards for their human’s potential mates than for other people.
Steve had hoped that Project Rebirth would change his wings.
Steve stepped closer to Tony and plastered himself against the other man’s back like he had been wanting to do for the past few hours. Bucky had left to go back to his apartment a few minutes ago, leaving Tony and Steve alone.
sorry. winter just tackled falcon.
yeah?
omg theyre adorable!
“Why didn’t you tell me?” Steve asked, slightly hurt.
“It’s my favorite kind,” Sarah said. “I thought you might like it.”
As Sarah was reaching up to grab a blanket from up high on a shelf in the storage closet, two arms wrapped around her from behind. She jumped and spun around. Once she saw who it was, she gave him her most motherly scowl.
There are times in history when people do something amazing.
----------
Sir, yes sir!
“That’s no excuse,” the voice called. “And let them in. Try being polite for once.”
“I do.”
Tony had always been proud of his wings. They were a dark red at the base and on the back, then faded down to a soft pink on the underside. A deep black colored his primaries and the tips of his secondaries.
Bucky looked up from his book when his best friend entered his room. “Steve? What’s up?”
“So what?”
Steve glanced over to where Bucky and Tony were flirting again. “I feel like I’m going to need all the luck I can get.”
“I’m okay. I don’t see what all the fuss is about. It was only a minor accident,” she said lightly, but the slightly haunted look in her eyes told a different story.
“I don’t understand,” Pepper said, utterly confused.
“I know. I just haven’t mentally prepared myself yet,” Steve said, voice shaking.
I’m not lying!
at least a quarter of them
he didn’t show you the best part.
Steve looked down at the food, then back up at Tony. “Thank you,” he said sincerely. “You didn’t have to.”
Clint looked down at the floor. “I may have been around people the entire time, but I had never been so alone.” He turned to look up at Steve. “I think you know how that feels.”
You and Clint broke them.
Steve and Bucky followed him and watched as he flopped into Rhodey’s lap. Bucky nudged Steve. “Who’s that guy?” he asked suspiciously.
(See the end of the chapter for
so we have everywhere except the desert.
Now I’m even more scared of you.
Just then, JARVIS sent an alert to his glasses. “Sir, there appears to be an altercation occurring in the hallway.”
“This is cozy,” Clint mumbled sleepily.
Chiepaer watched as Gaigheiss slept on Yzzial’s back. He had went to look for the purple dragon when he hadn’t shown up for their afternoon nap.
“I wouldn’t be so sure.”
“They’re all up on Steve’s floor,” she replied, perching on the arm of his chair.
“Steve Rogers,” replied Steve, shaking his hand. He braced himself for the inevitable freakout his name often caused, but it never came.
Sam stood in the middle of a field, watching Redwing soar overhead.
Steve pulled up the edge of his shirt, revealing, instead of bare skin like usual, black marks on his ribs. He kept pulling until his shirt was completely off, not caring that his team was standing right there.
making him uncomfortable. Now he’s used to it.”
sooooooo what was that about
“Fine.” Tony scooted toward Clint and patted the bed.
Gaigheiss went closer and nudged his side.
Steve jolted, head snapping up from where it had been bent over his sketchpad. “What the hell are you doing?” he asked incredulously.
He saw Natasha around the Tower more than he saw Steve, and when he did, Steve seemed tense.
Being a walking PSA.
a pic from the top of the empire state building
Tony grinned proudly. “I made them. They’re my babies.” He ran a hand down his stomach. “Well, my first babies.”
“Either way, we need to get going.” Sam hauled Bucky up and herded him toward the door. Rhodey followed them out, a grin on his face.
Tony smiled. “You feel safe now?”
Okay, fine. I did it.
Natasha was staring at him.
Bruce raised his hand. “I don’t either.”
Tony shook his head at that, but started petting Yzzial’s snout anyway. Soon, the dragon was asleep, which left Tony to wonder how in the hell a KING DRAGON had decided to claim him.
“Pep, calm down,” Tony said a bit too loudly, hugging her from behind. “We’ll figure it out.” He rested his chin on her shoulder. “Rhodey’s on his way, and Clint’s calling a friend.”
That is the history of the world in car form!
Steve never knew what Natasha was thinking. She had shown them all her softer side in the time they had been a team, but she still kept her distance from them most of the time. Telling her could have a hundred different results, and not many of them were great.
Tony grinned at him from where he sat on the bed. “Come on in. I have enough room,” he said, patting the blankets next to him.
yay!!!
“Is this seriously all you’re bringing?” Bucky asked, nodding to the boxes he and Steve were carrying. “And why does he not have to carry anything?”
Clint finally looked up. “Electronics.”
“Of course, Sir,” JARVIS replied, sounding pleased.
Steve felt a smile creep over his face. “Oh, I don’t know. I think Tony’s pretty cute on his own. I don’t have anything to do with it.”
“Ah, Soldier, you’re awake. It’s time for you to change the world one more time.”
he thought.
Tony fought to keep his face neutral.
Why not build new feathers?
You better not get it.
back off, Sam.
We had enough of a scare last month.
“We can do that.”
“I can’t make any promises,” Steve chuckled. He felt a bit guilty for making him worry, but he was over the moon that Yzzial wanted to be near him. “I won’t be able to stand by if anyone on the team is about to get hurt. Especially not you or Tony.”
“Yeah. It was awesome.”
“I knew it!” Steve said triumphantly, holding his arms in the air.
NAAAAAAT!!!!!!
Steve would get up from the couch and make Tony breakfast while the other man sat at the island. That changed one morning two weeks after Steve moved in.
Tony held his arm out to Maria, who slid off her chair and knelt down in front of him, smiling brightly. Maria gently grasped his arm to see the words that had scrawled themselves on his inner elbow, her husband coming around the table to see as well.
Tony waited by the door of his penthouse for Steve to arrive.
“He was in Central Park, but now he’s in a little cafe,” Tony replied, glancing at the holographic map that was floating by the wall.
“Sorry, Ma,” Steve said, smiling broadly. “Need some help there?” he asked, gesturing to the blanket she was trying to reach.
The other boy’s eyebrows raised. “Good to know,” he said, fluidly switching to sign language. “I’m James Rhodes.”
The man gave him a bland look. “Did you really just ask me that?”
“You wouldn’t dare.”
You’re washing Lucky for the next month.
he said stubbornly, staring at Steve.
“Is that a tracker?” Sam asked, leaning forward for a closer look. He had to get into Steve’s personal space to see the tiny blinking light on it.
What did it say? Well, in beautiful cursive it said,
“This,” Steve said. “You being so… affectionate.”
Steve decided.
so anyone got their challenge done yet?
what do you guys want it to be?
Really, Tony?
With all that he had done in his life, he definitely didn’t deserve a treasure like this. King dragons chose those who were kind, caring even. Tony definitely didn’t classify as that. Blunt and crass was more like it.
You’re all in the same room?
number 14: video of a teammate walking through a burger king drive thru and asking for a happy meal
“As a fetus is growing, hormones from both the mother, or father, in your case, and from their mate help speed up it’s development. If there aren’t two sets of hormones, the fetus may not develop fully.”
“Bruce said that since I see you as a brother, it won’t work,” Tony replied, cuddling closer.
Raising an eyebrow, Bucky asked, “What’s this all about?”
Tony nodded and slid down onto the floor in front of the couch. Pepper grabbed some blankets and Rhodey followed him. The three laid down and entangled their limbs with each other. Tony immediately felt more at ease now that his two favorite people were cuddled up under the blankets with him.
It sounded more like he was trying to convince himself.
I do.
Studies showed that the primary causes of wing plucking was stress or loneliness, and God knows Steve has both in spades.
“I’ll tell you inside,” Steve said, brushing past him and dragging a reluctant Tony into the apartment.
“I can’t believe this is actually happening,” Tony said quietly. “I’ve been so careful.”
I thought you might want someone to keep you company when you won’t let me in your lab.
Tony’s elbow slipped, knocking a piece of metal onto the ground, and he almost fell off his chair. “You- you did?”
Rhodey climbed in and swung an arm over both of them.
“Well, I bet she’s just fine. How long have you been here?” asked Sarah, removing her hand from his head.
Tony sat down next to him and stroked his back. “How’s Steve?”
we have an entire list 2 do and now we’re stuck inside!
“Well,” Steve chuckled. “I already knew that, Mr. Soulmate.”
“Yes, please,” Sarah replied, and Steve grabbed it.
he told himself.
God, he loved his mother.
Steve was freaking out.
“Oh, that’s right. You don’t know.”
“I’d fight for you anytime, sweetheart,” Bucky said, strolling up to them with his best smile on his face.
what the fuck is this, Stevie?
“I’m an artist,” Steve said quietly. Tony motioned for him to go on. “I do pretty much everything. Concept art, animation.” He glanced away, embarrassed. “My friend and I are working on a comic book.”
“Steve has always beaten himself up if anyone gets hurt even a little bit when he was close enough to protect them,” Tony said, tracing a scale on Yzzial’s snout. “And he’s definitely not going to be happy that you’re laying on the floor in front of his hospital room door instead of panicking on that couch over there with me.”
Clint was surprised at the state of them.
i know two guys that didn’t get picked for a team.
Get out of my house, then.
Steve thought. He doubted it.
Bruce smiled gently. “I’ve noticed.”
stevie, i like these people.
Plus he was really warm, and it felt nice after dreaming about the ice.
“And when was that?”
Do continue, Snowflake.
“That’s an understatement,” Sam replied, leaning back again.
“Got it,” Sam said.
Shut it, Tony. I know where you live.
And they were stunning.
Charles raised at eyebrow at it in disbelief. “Well, that makes things a bit more complicated.” Tony looked at his questioningly. Charles squared his shoulders, looked Tony straight in the eye and, in perfect sign language, said, “This may be a good time to tell you some things.”
“Really?” Tony asked eagerly. “What’s it about?”
This list just keeps getting weirder and weirder.
that is one sexy professor
The three were sitting in silence, waiting for Pepper to absorb all the new information, when Clint’s phone beeped.
“I thought that if I admitted I had two sets of words, it would be real.” Bucky’s eyes filled up with tears. “After all, who would want the guy with PTSD and only one arm?”
“Usually, you mean,” Steve replied, eyeing Yzzial warily. Yzzial glanced at him from his perch on the couch in the living room with a toothy smirk. “Did you see that?”
“We have time,” Tony signed, snuggling back down under the covers. He reached out and grabbed Phil’s hand, rubbing the scent gland on his wrist and planting the hand in his head.
It turned out that the guy’s name was Charles Bernard.
Okay, that’s just mean.
“What are you-” Tony asked, swallowing his mouthful and putting the rest of the sandwich down.
“But I don’t like any of them,” Tony whined out loud for effect.
“Oh, we’ll still yell at you,” Rhodey said. “I don’t wanna see that shit.”
yes, i had.
Tony blasted through the door at the bottom of the stairs and scanned the room. “I’ve got heat signatures on twenty-seven dragons down here. I’ll probably need some help to get them all out.”
oh no. we are not dragging my family into this
Steve held him close and said, “You’re really important to me, too.”
At first, they didn’t really get along, but lately, they had seemed all… coupley.
“Mislabeled as what?”
he said quietly before curling around Steve.
Two weeks.
don’t be mad!
they deserve to know.
I love you, too.
hey dad
“We’re here for you,” Pepper said as she ran a hand through his hair. “We always will be.”
he thought.
“See for yourself,” Steve replied. He pulled up his shirt slightly, and neatly emblazoned on his hip bone was one word:
The man stared, frozen, for a moment before whipping his shirt off. “Whoa, whoa, whoa!” Sam exclaimed. “I have a three date rule.”
“My… words,” Steve croaked out, fumbling at his shirt with shaking hands.
Doing what again?
----------
That doesn’t even make sense.
what? cant i appreciate a hot guy when i see one?
Yzzial asked curiously.
The was a pause before the dragon muttered,
Don’t worry Cap. Bruce, Peter, and I are staying in as much as we can.
“Nope. I refuse.” Tony grabbed his real arm and dragged him out of the apartment. “No family of mine is going to get shitty tech.”
Tony grinned as the other man looked up at him in astonishment. “Is that what I think it is?” Charles asked.
And those four words gave Steve the confidence to tell his mom that he was bisexual.
He curled around Tony, needing to feel his human to avoid completely breaking down.
Hell, he doesn’t even know
“But sweetheart, think of all those delighted kids. They love the holiday, and you know how much I hate seeing them disappointed. Like last night—whatever made all that candy disappear probably ruined the holiday for the kids.” Steve was still steaming mad about that. What kind of selfish dick did that?
Tony dashed in a little over two minutes before showtime, holding two cups of coffee in his hand. Steve looked at them curiously. A few weeks ago, he would have thought Tony had two cups because he was going to give one to Steve, but Tony hadn’t done that since their argument. Maybe he’d had a bad night or something and needed more than his usual caffeine intake.
After a long minute, or maybe it’s a few days, another seventy years could have passed by while Steve was kissing Tony and he wouldn’t have noticed, they pull away. Tony’s eyes are bright and shining. Steve can feel the words on the tip of his tongue, but this isn’t the time for love confessions. Not when this is so new, when they still have so far to go.
He opens his mouth to argue but before he can, Tony is right there. “I gotta go!” he blurts out and takes off for the bathroom.
The next time he’d wanted to see if Tony wanted sex, he’d suggested that they go out to get a drink since that was what had happened the last two times. Tony had laughed and said, “You know, if you want sex, you can just say so,” as though Steve would ever be able to just come right out and say it (while he was sober; drunk Steve was a different story), but the phrase had stuck.
Steve gets up, not wanting to disturb Wanda and Natasha’s celebration, and heads outside. Sam follows him. Steve leans on the balcony of their rented apartment, Sam turning so his back is pressed against the railing next to Steve. He spends a moment looking out over the city. They’re in Edinburgh this week. He’d never been there during the war, but he can’t help but hope that Dum Dum made it here. It seems like his kind of city.
He’s sure that Tony doesn’t want his personal business spread all over town so he nods reassuringly and says, “Just talking about some stuff for the store.”
He doesn’t even want to think about it. He should probably be flattered she finds him attractive but he’s just too alarmed. He’d come all this way so he could
, as though being someone’s friend wasn’t enough of a benefit, but that was pretty much exactly what she was. Tony stiffened, looking past Steve’s shoulder as he nodded. Steve ignored the guilty pang in his heart. He knew how much Tony hated hearing about the other people he slept with, but it wasn’t as though Tony had any claim to Steve’s heart.
“I’d assume that’s why you left all those voicemails on my phone, then?” Steve asks innocently, relishing in the way Tony’s already big eyes go even wider. “To stop you from embarrassing yourself again?”
“Tell me a
“You want something from the café?” Luis asks him as he’s heading out.
“Now that’s just…” Steve trailed off as Tony frowned, looking past Steve’s shoulder. A sense of foreboding washed over him at Tony’s troubled expression. “What is it?”
“Today, we’re discussing a topic we’ve both come across in the past: what to do when your partner is offered a job somewhere else.”
“You doing okay?” Steve asked. “You don’t seem like yourself this morning.”
“Guess that makes me feel a little better,” he says. At least it’s only the two spies. “Yeah, we’ve been talking. We’re just barely at civil, so talking about my problems with the Accords is—” He sighs heavily, “—not on the topic list yet.” But he wants them to be. He wants to be able to have a rational discussion about his reservations that isn’t just Tony giving him meaningless platitudes or telling him about the worse things the UN wanted to do to them.
story,” Morgan demands, rolling over and nearly squashing her stuffed robot in the process.
He could practically
was one of the most popular talk shows in the country. They’d won several awards that currently graced Pierce’s office. They had a
This new team of his, despite separating after New York (and despite Tony’s offer to redesign the Tower into a home for all of them), have apparently decided that they want to be a team again now that Tony has given his home address to a terrorist. Bruce has been staying there all along, but apparently, the two spies just showed up one day a few days after Tony’s surgery while he was still in the hospital recovering, and Steve was close behind them. And, hey, if they’re all staying at the Tower, then Tony wants to be there too—not least because he no longer has a home in Malibu—so as soon as he’d recovered, he’d made the move to New York.
“Yeah,” Tony said breathlessly.
“Oh I don’t have a wife!” Tony said cheerily. He turned the picture of him and Steve on their wedding day around and showed it to Vision. “This is my husband, Steve.”
Maybe it was a different Tony. Maybe it wasn’t
. The cracks already have to be there. Tony really fucked you over and now you’re telling me that not only are you sleeping with him again, but he wants to get back together? And you
Tony sighs, tilting his head back against the couch to stare at the ceiling. “Thor and Bruce arrived today.”
Tony leans up against the workbench and pulls Steve in, looping his hands around his neck. “Now, where were we earlier?” he hums, eyes dark.
“Shut
Steve’s breath hitches at the implication that Tony is his family. It’s something that he doesn’t even let himself think when he’s alone, never mind speaking it aloud. It feels too much like a claim on Tony that he doesn’t get to have, not after everything that’s happened between them.
“Now, I know all about your reputation,” Pierce had chuckled, wagging his finger at Steve. “You’ll be taking the role of Mr. Right Now, of course.”
“Okay, point. But can you imagine us in Europe? We could set up shop in Italy! You know, my—”
“No,” he declared after thinking about it for a second. He said it originally as a denial, a shocked belief that there was no way that could be happening to them, but the more he thought about it, the more certain he was. Sure, the news had taken him by surprise, but, “There’s no way. We’re the best show Pierce has, there’s no way he’d cancel us.”
Tony doesn’t quite answer the question. “Guess Ross knew you better than I did, because I never thought I had to tell you about the Accords during one of the early stages. I thought, after all those times listening to you rant about American troops going into countries without sovereign permission, you’d think of us as the same. Guess I underestimated how much you wanted to help people.”
“He does,” Steve agreed. “Tony’s been looking forward to this for weeks.”
He can see Tony mulling that over in his head and Steve adds, “They want to go home. They want to see their families again.”
Steve: But you’re ignoring the bigger issue of them getting angry.
“Uh, sure?” Steve exchanges looks with Natasha and Sam, smiling reassuringly at them to urge them on when it looks like they’ll hesitate. “What’s going on?”
“That could be any Steve Rogers,” Captain America says, but he’s starting to sound doubtful.
“You promise we’re still doing okay?”
“Feel good, sweetheart?” Steve asks.
Steve’s grin widens and he nods. “I’d like that a lot.”
He finds Tony on the roof that night, long after the boy should have been in bed, not that Jarvis can blame him for still being awake. The Starks have been fighting for most of the day after Howard’s announcement at breakfast. But it’s been hours since Howard and Maria’s shouting turned to furious whispers turned to stony silence as Maria stalked away to sleep in one of the guest rooms, so for Tony to still be out here on the roof, he must still be upset.
“Excuse me?”
They meet up again several times over the next few months, both to discuss the proposed amendments and to talk about other things. Steve has a lot of thoughts about the Accords, about how much they would need to change to become palatable for him and what he’d be willing to compromise on, about the treatment of people born with their powers under the Accords instead of people like Steve and Tony, who became superheroes in some other way, and about that list that Tony keeps talking about. It helps that Tony is more than willing to listen to him—oh they argue a lot about what they don’t necessarily agree on, but it never comes to blows again, and Tony does listen to him, just as Steve is listening to
“The English language says so.”
“Last chance,” he says.
“So would I,” Tony says with a smile. “So what brings you to my hotel room on this fine Sunday evening?”
Tony is at the store before him the next morning.
Fortunately, Luis gives him more than enough excuses to wait on calling Tony. First there’s Clint’s garage, which is up for its license renewal, but when he stops by the garage, Clint is unable to give him any of the information from the last renewal so he has to track down all that paperwork, and that takes a whole day. And then Luis decides he’s going to offer pet grooming services and doesn’t want to fill out the paperwork himself so that falls to Steve. And before he knows it, another three days have passed and Tony’s license is still sitting on his desk.
On the screen, Winifred Sanderson laughed and laughed.
“Tony?” Steve asks gently, and Tony realizes that he’s staring at Steve’s lips.
I was looking at rings; I took you to the jewelers.” Tony didn’t have a response to that, so Steve continued, “And now, what? After three years, you decide to just spring this on me?”
“You’re so mean to me. Why do I love you again?”
“Sure, you’re practically wasting away,” Steve observed dryly.
“Thank you,” he says quietly.
Just as he’d hoped, Tony smiles. It’s a little more reluctant than he’d like, but it’s still a smile. He decides he’ll count it as a win.
Steve: What’s there not to get?
Without thinking twice about it, he pulls over to the side of the road. They’re well out of town by now, on an empty patch of the highway. There’s no one for miles around to see them, except perhaps the cows.
don’t see the appeal of putting your best foot forward, but I can assure you that the rest of us
“If you say so,” Tony says doubtfully.
Ana, Steve remembers from past discussions with Tony, was Edwin Jarvis’ wife and the Starks’ cook. He only met Jarvis a few times during the war—he was always too busy with other things that Mr. Stark had him doing to stop and hang out with the Howlies—but he remembers an unassuming, yet remarkable man, who reminded him a lot of Coulson before—before Loki’s attack. It hadn’t surprised him when Tony let it slip one day that the Jarvises had raised him more than either of his parents. Tony might have learned how to build his shields from Howard and Maria, but the kind and generous person beneath those acerbic shields could only have come from the Jarvises.
Oh, so it
Carol is working the counter when Steve walks in, same as always, and tingles run up his arm as she turns the force of her smile on him. He doesn’t know what she is—no one does, according to Luis; he would suspect she’s a hedgewitch, based on the fact that she’s working at a mediocre restaurant that probably doesn’t pay well, but the feeling of power that he gets from her rivals the feeling that he gets from Tony and, if he remembers the tabloids correctly (obviously from before the Starks lost their fortune), Tony is one of the most powerful witches in the Western Hemisphere, so that says something about Carol.
“So what are you—”
“You’re back,” Tony states, propping one hip against the counter. “Something wrong with my license? Are you taking it back?”
“So,” Tony says eventually. “Barnes is awake. Trigger-free, I guess?”
But Peggy’s bad days are starting to outnumber her good, and she hates it when she mistakes Tony for his dad. Tony hates it too, because he’s fought so hard to stand on his own without being stuck in Howard’s shadow. His dad was a great man—a good one, too, for the most part—but he’d cast a
Steve thinks he understands. He isn’t the only one who took a chance on trusting Tony. Sam did too, so he thinks he’s owed better than Steve lying to him about who he’s been meeting with for the last several months.
Bucky. Instead, “Tony” dies and “Steve” goes back in time to be with
being careful.” He pats at the beard he’s started growing over the last few weeks, after Sam mentioned that he has one of the most recognizable faces on the planet. “We both are. I’m not the only one who has a lot to lose if we get caught; neither of us want to go to prison.”
music,” Tony insisted. They’d had this argument before and they’d have it again. Steve was pretty sure they kept having it because it was fun and the makeup sex for such a petty and unimportant argument was always fantastic.
“Don’t worry about me, I’m only a little out of breath,” he teases back. “Just wanted to bring you your business license.” He passes the business license over for Tony to look at.
“Very well. Do you want a real story or a made-up story tonight?”
It’s such a petulant statement, and the pout on his face is so pronounced, that Steve can’t resist teasing him. “I see. You’ve settled on a name then?”
“This is fine,” Steve said softly, sliding his hand up Tony’s back to his neck to pull him back in. Tony’s breath hitched, and he tucked his face against Steve’s neck again, biting him the way Steve liked. “I want to ride you.” He paused, wondering if Tony really meant that he’d let Steve call the shots. “And I don’t want you to touch me while I do.”
Caller: But you don’t get it!
“You,” he says, carefully bumping Tony’s shoulder with his—he doesn’t want Tony to drop the stardust after all—“are a menace.”
Janet waves an airy hand. “One of my ancestors was a succubus.”
He’s currently scrolling through the census data, trying to see if there’s anyone else he can cross when Uncle Grant sits down next to him. Tony likes Uncle Grant, who always has a kind word for him and sometimes calls him Shellhead when he thinks Tony isn’t listening and sends sparks up and down his arms whenever they hug. He doesn’t have a crush on Uncle Grant (first of all,
“Well, this was a success,” Tony declares as he flips the lock closed.
, he calls it, like it had been one of their typical blustery arguments and not the two of them doing their very best to put each other down for good. There’s a familiar twinge of guilt in his heart at the thought of how he had left Tony there, suit broken, arc reactor cracked. T’Challa had assured him that he had sent assistance to Tony before they left, that Tony would not have been stuck there, and in the heat of the moment, that had been good enough for him. But he looks back on that moment with shame now. He should never have left a teammate behind like that, even one that he was fighting with.
“Hey, Steve,” Carol greets him. “Tuna melt again?”
“But?”
Because, Steve suspects, underneath it all, Tony’s still a little boy who wants his father’s attention and love. “Because you’re a good person,” he offers instead.
“You didn’t notice?” Tony hissed back. “Those can’t be her kids.”
past transcripts: 02-27-17]
Tony sniffs, and though his nose scrunches up at the mention of food, he nods and holds his hand out. Steve pulls the bowl away.
Steve isn’t surprised by that statement at all. Tony has a tendency to find other likeminded people and befriend them now that he’s not as self-absorbed as he once was. Steve has been following the articles about the new team Tony has been putting together: not just superheroes, but scientists and engineers and physicists all together. It’s a big change from when Steve was running the team and the Compound was peopled with ex-SHIELD agents.
Hi there! Some of you have clearly forgotten fandom etiquette rules, so allow me to remind you: don't like, don't read, and if you read anyway and you still don't like, click the back button and don't send me hate. This is a
Tony gave him a pitying look. “Darling, the moment a child’s voice interrupted our moment, I was done.”
“If you’re referring to me wanting to do a soft launch and you talking me out of it, I’d just like to point out that if we’d gone with the soft launch, we wouldn’t be nearly as worried about having enough food or drink to cover the opening.”
Tony looks a little taken aback. “Thank you.” His eyes narrow. “What’s the catch?”
He doesn’t know how Tony knew he was going to ask how he planned on getting the USB back, but he does know that he’s not going to like the answer if Tony’s telling him not to ask. They come from different worlds. Steve grew up with people who didn’t have a lot of money, and that made times tough, but he always knew that he had people who loved him, people who would do just about anything he asked if it was in their ability because they cared so much about him. Tony grew up somewhere where power was the biggest currency around, and whoever had the most money had the most power. Once upon a time, that was the Starks. But that hasn’t been the case for a long time. These days, Justin has more money than Tony does and that means Tony has to find other ways to leverage enough power to get the USB back.
, babe. It’s too soon to start thinking about the next one.”
know about this?” she asks.
Tony: So today, for our one-hundredth episode, we’re going to be talking about grand gestures and their place in relationships, because nothing is more grand than a hundred.
Slow. He can do that. He hadn’t been thinking about it like that at first, too caught up in how long it had been since the last time they’d had sex, but he liked the idea.
“Uh-huh. And she did that all by herself?” Steve asks, giving him a knowing look.
Tony scowls, opens his mouth, and suddenly weary of all the arguing, Steve adds, “Can we not fight about this? I
“And I will be,” Steve protests.
“Motel’s booked full tonight, so she’s busy with that.”
“I’m still sorry,” Tony continues. “I crossed way over the line, so thank you for stopping me before I kil—before I did something I would have regretted. I shouldn’t have let my anger get the better of me. The therapist Pepper insists I see says I’ve got some unaddressed anger issues about this whole mess.”
Steve had told himself that was exactly what he wanted all those years ago when he’d decided to never let himself be hurt again. The concept was intriguing, the pay was a lot better than where he was currently, and Hydra Programming had a reach all over the country instead of the regional radio station he worked at. “Sounds great, Mr. Pierce. Who’s going to be Mr. Right?”
cared about him, it would be over and done with and he would be back over with Tony, pressing him into the stairs. But alas, Tony was all alone and Steve had cruelly abandoned him.
Tony tilts his head. “Well, thank you for your condescension.”
want to open, but I need something I can actually put down.”
“I absolutely believe they’d pull their funding just because they don’t like us.”
“Shut up or the next lingerie you buy, I’ll tear in half.”
tired. Well. He always looks tired but this is worse. This is a bone-deep weariness that Steve recognizes: he’s seen it in the mirror every morning he got up since leaving Tony in Siberia. He puts on a good face for the others, but he’s—he’s… exhausted.
objected, but not to nearly as much as Tony probably thinks. Fuck, he owes Tony another apology, doesn’t he?
Clint’s eyes narrow and Steve tries not to fidget under the cybernetic enhancements. When he went into the ice nearly three hundred years ago, mankind didn’t even
Tony grimaces. “Not exactly. As it turns out, Asgard has been destroyed. Thor is bringing a ship of Asgardian refugees to Earth in the hopes of making a new home here—along with Bruce.”
“Do you think we’ll find him this year, Dad?” Tony asks, peering up at Howard, who’s looking very cold in his snowsuit. He doesn’t know what it is about Captain America—the
Hand coming up to cup Steve’s cheek, lips gently pressing against his, eyes fluttering closed. And Steve—Steve nearly freezes, but right when Tony goes to pull away, his brain comes back online and he kisses him back. Tony sighs, a perfect sound that Steve wants to bottle and keep forever. He kisses him again and again, lips moving against each other’s, and only when Steve has to breathe does he pull away.
“So what do you want to do instead? Most of the kids are gone. Some ass went around and stole all the candy so most of the families packed up and went to the festival.”
He realizes that the moment Natasha steps out of her car right behind Tony. No, what he has is a birthday celebration and that’s the important part, that this is all for Tony. Still, though, he has to remind himself not to be upset because it’s his own fault he didn’t tell Tony this was a date. He thinks he should be allowed to be upset, right? Wasn’t it obvious he was asking Tony out?
“Um, Mr. Captain America sir?” the actress who played Natasha asks meekly. “I think you forgot a word in there.”
“Penny for your thoughts?” Natasha asks one day, sitting down next to him on their balcony.
Halloween.”
Tony steeled himself before nodding. “Okay.”
He grabs onto the wheel and wrenches it to the left. Tony sure hadn’t been kidding; the wheel doesn’t budge at all. He applies more of his strength, muscles bulging. Under the squeal of metal, he hears Tony’s breath catch, and he grins saucily at him. Tony sticks his tongue out and gestures at the wheel again.
Tony throws him a brilliant grin and throws the doors open. “Welcome to Stark Apothecary!” he calls. “We are officially open for business!”
“I think he could have been back when this whole mess started if it hadn’t been for everything else going on in our lives.”
“A preventative measure.”
“So Tony?” Carol prompts before the moment can turn too sour.
“And what do you have to say to allegations that Colonel Rhodes was injured by Captain Rogers and his team after they refused to sign the Accords?”
magazine, of a toddling Tony gracing the cover, lovely and intelligent and far too young to be worrying about his smiles for the press. But even though she’d never expected children to be a part of her future, she can’t deny that the first time Maria had placed Tony in her arms, she’d fallen instantly in love. There isn’t a thing in the world she wouldn’t do for that boy, and she suspects that most of the adults in Tony’s life feel the same way.
“Well, we analyze data,” Tony explained.
They arrive in Wakanda a few days later with one of the Dora Milaje as their escort. She isn’t a talkative sort of person, but Steve doesn’t think he’s met a single Dora who is. The most he knows about her, though Natasha tries to draw more out of her, is that her name is Yama and she’s served as a Dora most of her life. She nods politely at them once they land and disappears down the ramp without another word.
“Dreamers?” Tony translates. He thinks about it. “It’s not terrible. Easy enough to pronounce. Yep. I like it. It’s going on the label.”
Caller: I shouldn’t have to! He should already know.
him.”
like the shifters he’d known back in New York so he thinks maybe something without too many flavors, just one strong…
“Well, darling,” Tony said, yawning. He stood and stretched, revealing a thin strip of skin under his t-shirt. “I’m going to head on back to my office. See you this evening?”
“Dodger,” Tony said mournfully to their dog sitting on the couch, “tell Steve that this is his fault.”
“You finished it?”
“No, and frankly I didn’t want to either. But I could read the writing on the wall. New York had people nervous. Sokovia had people
“Because you took a job offer on the other side of the country without talking to me about it! We’d been dating for three years! You’re supposed to talk about that kind of thing instead of making unilateral decisions!”
“So, what did you think?” Steve asked as they collapsed on the couch that evening.
To his delight, Tony laughs. “I think that’s the worst line you’ve used yet,” Tony informs him. In retaliation, Steve swipes the rapidly melting ice cube over his nipple, making Tony jump and then moan. He arches, pressing forward into the ice.
“Help how?” Tony said, voice lilting up hysterically. “Steve,
—wants to talk? Why? Shouldn’t he still be mad? Is this supposed to be a trap?
“Oh,” Tony breathes. “You know, Steve, I’ve been called many things. Sentimental isn’t one of them. But this—this—” He looks like he’s blinking back tears as he hugs the frame close. He looks up at Steve and manages another one of those sweet smiles. It hits Steve that he’s never seen Tony smile like that at anyone else. “Thank you. I—this means a lot.”
“Maybe,” Tony says quietly. “Maybe not.”
“We’re going,” Steve added, trying to placate Rumlow before he blew up at them. “Look, we’re sitting down now.”
“All lies.”
Tony is going to sleep in his bed. Tony is going to sleep in his clothes, and they’re maybe going to cuddle. Suddenly, things don’t seem so impossible anymore.
“What?”
“You listened to
“Have you?” Tony interrupts. He doesn’t sound judgmental or disbelieving, only curious, but Steve bristles anyway. He gets questioned on his capability all the time and it gets frustrating.
That’s right! They were talking about the shelter. “Right!” he exclaimed. “I was thinking if we got a dog, we could call it Dodger.”
Sure, except that kid would lead to another and then another and before he knew it, it would be late evening and they’d be packing up to go to the festival in the square. And then the night would be over and Tony still wouldn’t have gotten fucked.
make you laugh. Sam and I were rolling in the aisles. Nearly got ourselves kicked out before the usher realized who he was talking to.”
Steve waits him out and then shrugs. “My bad. Just figured with you here this late, you might be nervous.”
Steve was certain of that. Even holding Tony at arm’s length, he knew more about Tony than Bucky ever would, so he knew with complete certainty that if Tony wanted more out of his relationship with Steve, he would ask for it. Tony wasn’t the kind of person to keep quiet about what he wanted. He went after the things he wanted with both hands, and that was how Steve knew that their relationship had never meant as much to Tony as it had to Steve, knew that Tony had placed the job ahead of their relationship. Because if Tony had really wanted Steve that much, he wouldn’t have taken the job in the first place or he would have quit as soon as Steve had proposed. If Tony had wanted Steve, he wouldn’t have said no when Steve asked him to marry him. He would have talked to Steve about the job offer instead of just taking it without saying anything for months. Couples were supposed to communicate, especially after being together for three years. Tony not saying anything meant that he wasn’t as invested as Steve, period.
He keeps talking soothingly as U shuts down, the red light blinking on the side of his chassis slowing and finally stopping before Tony finishes his story. When he looks back up, Steve is watching him with an odd look in his eyes, one that Tony isn’t sure how to interpret.
“Of course I don’t—”
Tony blinks his eyes back open to see Steve staring right at him, a wild look in his eyes. He doesn’t understand it and he cocks his head to one side, wondering what has Steve so upset. For a moment, it looks like Steve is going to join him and he stands, shifting from leg to leg excitedly. But then Steve heads in the opposite direction, ducking inside the tent the humans made for him. Tony waits, hoping that he’ll come back out again, but he doesn’t.
Tony hangs up before Steve can get his brain back online enough to tell Tony that the flirting isn’t at all unwelcome. He groans and presses the phone against his forehead. Why is he so bad at this? Okay, thirty minutes, he can do this. He can finish getting ready, get over to the motel, and somehow figure out what he’s going to say to Tony in the middle of all of that.
Tony avoided him all afternoon. It made Steve even more peeved than he wanted to admit.
Every time he touched Tony, every time he took pleasure from his eager body, Steve would firmly think of their mutual agreement, force his mind to repeat the list of Tony’s character defects, if only to keep his errant emotions at bay.
“He’s robbing you blind, that’s what’s wrong with him,” Tony responded, pointing down to the latest bill of charge the architect in question had send over that morning. “Almost
Steve made sure to send Miss Potts up with a tray for him, but he was honestly glad that Tony would be spared of suffering through dinner with Lord Stone. Unfortunately, Steve could not avoid it, but he at least had the satisfaction of watching him try to explain his freshly blackened eye to the ladies of their company.
Rogers, now,” one of them, a middle-aged, annoying-looking woman in a huge hat adorned with green lace, said. “And so dashing to boot!”
At his side, his dear friend Lady Natalia was chatting lively with Mr Banner about the latest gossips she’d learned when she had last been at the town. Their merry banter was a welcome background noise somewhat soothing Steve’s restlessness. On the other side of the room, the reason for Steve’s agitation was all but flirting with a somewhat flustered Sir Barton while Sir Barnes, dear old Bucky, was glaring at the both of them, probably out of some misguided loyalty to Steve. Of course, Steve knew there was no real reason for Bucky to be concerned. Stark was perfectly aware of where his limits should lie, though he, of course, loved playing with them, reaching but ultimately not crossing the line of propriety.
Sam’s soulmate did, still absolutely confused. The officer cuffed him and started to lead him away, but stopped when another officer came running up to him.
“Perfect?” Steve asked, brow furrowing in confusion. “What do you mean?”
2 down a lot to go!
“I didn’t know that,” Tony said. “What’s he like?”
There were many misconceptions about king dragons, one of them being that they were the strong, bold leaders of a family group. They are protectors, yes, but they are so much more than that.
odneofnwsiinellsne
The only way to get the feathers to stay on his body was to insert them into his skin and then let them heal. That meant that there was a lot of blood. Also, he probably should have checked his schedule before he started the process.
The more the merrier!
“It really is, Sir,” JARVIS said. “Although I don’t know how I feel about being referred to as a ‘baby.’”
go winter!!!
Howard Stark had died a year ago in a car crash on his way to the airport. Maria was supposed to go with him on his trip, but had decided to stay behind to take care of the house. She was devastated when she heard the news of Howard’s death. Tony, on the other hand, was relieved.
*gasp* Talula is not a ‘thing.’ she has feelings too u kno
Tony was only five years old.
Here's a chapter for all of you who have been waiting so long!
“How’s that?” he asked excitedly, volume a bit too high.
“This is nice,” Tony mumbled, cuddling closer.
But he didn’t want to make Steve tell anyone else if he didn’t want to.
It was the least he could do.
Steve nodded. “I just want him to be okay.”
Tony leaned back against him briefly and said, “You charmer.” He turned around and looped his arms around Steve’s neck. “Come here.”
“And why is that?” Tony asked, raising an eyebrow.
At least you chose Brucie-bear, too.
wait wait wait
Peter?
“I would show you mine, but that would include taking my shirt off, and I don’t want to be arrested for public indecency again,” Clint said.
Do you need a minute?
He liked Yzzial. He really did. He made Tony happy, which made Steve happy, which made his human happy.
Steve chuckled and ran a hand through Tony’s hair. “You’re sure bossy today.” Tony just grumbled in reply. “Come here then.” Steve pulled Tony up until he was sitting squarely in his lap. His wings wrapped squarely around them both, flight feathers stretching out and feathers ruffling.
“Geez, warn a guy, would you” Bucky said before reaching out to touch the words on Clint’s collarbone. “
Maria looked up from her book just as Tony entered the room. “Hey, Mom,” he said, smiling softly, his eyes warm. He had always had a soft spot for his mother.
I think he likes one person in particular.
“Careful,” Rhodey yelped. “You don’t want to injure the little bean, do you?”
Steve, of course, had been excited when Bucky had shown him. (It had also sent him into an asthma attack.) He was happy that he would get to meet Bucky’s soulmate before Bucky did.
She was fierce, didn’t take shit from anyone, and didn’t mind how loud Tony could be.
“I can, but I can’t give you everything until you two meet and decide whether or not to do this.”
I’m okay with it.
And wash your hands!
When Steve woke up, Yzzial was gone.
what did he do?
Also, if someone wanted to date a dragon’s human, they needed to ask the dragon’s permission first. If the dragon said no, then that was it. No means no.
“Yup,” Tony said. “She threatened the other nurses to let me see my mom.”
but yes. i do.
Steve gave him a bland look. “Oh yeah? Then why are you allowed to every time you get hurt?”
“Good to know.”
Thank you, Tony.
I guess we are.
what robots?
“What’s wrong?” Clint asked, grabbing his wrist and turning it over. He froze when he spotted it. “Well that’s new,” he muttered.
At Tony’s raised eyebrow, Phil quietly said, “I came to give you a few more files, but you were all asleep.”
“Do you need me to come over?” Sam asked.
hey, Stevie. you remember that time you couldn’t sit down cause you got burnt on your ass?
guess what!
what was that about pole dancing?
After all, he had enough gold-titanium alloy, and he had built a whole mechanized suit of armor. How hard could it be?
Tears streamed from Steve’s eyes as he hunched over, wings drawing tighter around them.
Tony and Clint looked at each other. “You might want to sit down,” Clint said. “This might take a while.”
Tony woke up just as they touched down at the tower. “What, no debriefing?” he asked groggily.
“Sooooo….” Bucky raised an eyebrow, glancing down at where Tony was asleep on Steve’s shoulder.
Far away, but closer than you would think, someone else was just waking up.
Steve moved Bucky’s hair aside. His eyes widened when he realised what it was. “Buck? What’s this?”
I’m impressed.
“Yzzial? What are you doing?”
“Check the group chat,” Steve mumbled, face buried in the other man’s stomach.
Yzzial sniffed him again, then in one swift move, Tony was pressed into his side with the dragon’s tail wrapped around him.
Pyziedot said, shocked.
Gaigheiss asked later.
What’s the first thing on the list?
“Dad?”
Steve nodded, slightly surprised, but followed Sam when he got up and began making his way down the path.
“So what?” Steve asked. “And don’t talk so loud, you’ll wake him up.”
Bucky wasn’t entirely sure how he got into this situation, but he wasn’t complaining.
it read.
“I need a hug.” Steve flopped down on top of Bucky on the bed and wrapped his arms around him.
Steve shook his head, scooting a bit closer to the armrest. The man sat and held his hand out. “Sam Wilson,” he introduced.
Once they realised what had happened, the team turned their backs to him, silently keeping watch and steering away those who got too close.
Gaigheiss purred and snuggled closer. “He was worried about you,” Clint said, sitting cross legged on the foot of the bed. “He wanted to check on you earlier, but JARVIS said you were sleeping.”
Bucky grinned. “You two are adorable.”
Gaigheiss replied.
They finally meet!
im burnt all over
Tony stared at him in shock. Never in a million years had he ever imagined that his baby could be hurt by that fact that he hadn’t settled down. “What can I do?” he asked. “There’s got to be something.”
why would i do that?
The man gave him an evaluating look. “That can be arranged.” He held his hand out. “Phil Coulson.”
Yzzial’s eyes filled up with tears.
are you ok, Tony?
Yzzial just shook his head and left him alone.
Bucky’s wings resembled those of a black and white warbler. His wingbacks were black with white stripes and the undersides were a soft gray with white highlights. They were the softest things Steve had ever felt, but they were sturdy, and allowed Bucky to execute some of the toughest aerial maneuvers.
