"Unless you stop me, I am going to kiss you. Because you are the one thing, the one person, that I cannot bear to have anymore almosts with."
Rosie hesitates slightly, but follows John's instructions, and slides right into the waiting arms of her dads.
The crutch accident, with the licking lips and darting gazes, moment broken out of anxiety, Sherlock deduced, as they were pressed so close he could feel John's heartbeat.
Their day went on like this for about another two hours, Rosie playing on every structure she could find, Sherlock standing in the corner biting his fingernails everytime Rosie climbed something because he didn't want her to fall, and John assuring him that she's fine, and taking lots more pictures.
Sherlock turned his head to retort, making eye contact for the first time since they had gotten into this position.
But it was different now. So inconceivably different. Sherlock had seen it. He had seen the signs. They were there. He thought back to the five times, he had in fact been counting.
His teeth were clenched tight, making his jaw appear more defined, and his appearance more threatening. He slid his arm around Sherlock's waist and felt him tense at the motion, but quickly relaxed into the touch, grateful that John was here to get him out of an unfamiliar situation.
It's in the doorway that the two practically collide, wine sloshing in glasses but thankfully not spilling over. Sherlock had the glint of deduction in his eyes, and John rolled his own and nodded into the kitchen so he could listen to what Sherlock had figured out.
John                            Sherlock nods. “Yes. I can help you set it up, if you’d like.” He says sitting up, hopefully.
Greg                            "Hey, hey, come on now." I frown where he's become unresponsive and I heard someone coming in the other way, my arms pulling me and the doctor into an area where we were almost surrounded by boxes so couldn't be seen. I kept an eye on the guys pulse and heard Moran shouting for him.
Sherlock                   My voice stumbles a little, spinning around and calling out, "John? " Before sighing, shaking my head, "A repeated dream. How predictable."
Greg                             I raise an eyebrow but ignore the last comment, leaving my running shoes by the door. "Good. I guess." I said softly and while he made the drinks, I had a quick shower to change into more comfortable clothing for the day.
Greg                            "One guy had his neck snapped and not really. Nothing apart from when we spoke to him." I muttered and rubbed my face where he was as frustrated as I was. We didn’t really have anything to go on as yet.
Greg                            I was concerned with the way his hand was trembling and wondered about pulling my hand away, but it felt like I couldn't. That the muscles had been shut down and all I could do was watch his face twitch every now and again. He didn't give anything away if it was overwhelming.
Sherlock                   Nodding, I step back calmly, before pausing to inspect the pathway, "You seem to have so many layers of security. Are they all left over from when my sister was here, or have you reconfigured them for your own purpose?"
Moriarty               He moves me from his arms to the counter top. Kicking my feet and clapping my hands, my happiness too much to keep inside, I tell him to get the good stuff. "I'm so proud of you, Sebby. I was worried for a moment that you wouldn't go through with it. Only a moment because I know you would never disappoint me." I watch his beautiful arse when he reaches up to grab the best Whiskey ever made.
Mycroft                       "And Sally is working with Moriarty." I nod. "Moriarty is trying to isolate Sherlock, to make him more amenable to working with him. This would be the final step - separating him from his 'daughter', and from me."
Mycroft                       His legs around me pull me into him harder, and I reach between us to wrap my hand around his cock, stroking him in rhythm with my thrusts. "Cum for me, Gregory..." I breathe roughly, rapidly approaching my own climax.
Sherlock                   My arms come around him from behind, my chin resting on his shoulder, "I questioned if Moriarty had additional security covering it, apart from the lasers he mentioned. He said he hadn't got around to it yet, suggesting the defenses should be familiar to Mycroft" As I talk, my lips brush his ear back and forth.
Greg                            I heard Sherlock shouting at somebody by the door and frowned, heading over to the window to try to see who was leaving. I was still holding my mug when he slowly appeared back in the doorway with a box in his hands. His face looked deathly pale and I thought he looked like he was going to pass out.
Seb                        I had to stop sucking him for a moment to put more lube onto his hole, giving me the opportunity to slide a second finger in as far as the first and I loved the pain of him pulling my hair when I took most of him in my mouth when I hit his prostate again.
Mycroft                     I was reading the paper when Greg came back out, dressed and ready to go.
Greg                             I smile as I watch him just feel me and even though he can't touch me for long, his fingers set my skin alight and I knew with more patience and time together. I moaned into his mouth as he pushed his tongue into my mouth and I grabbed his hip with one of my hands to guide him on top of me.
Greg                             "Someone's gonna have to go grab lube from the bedroom." I gasped back for air as I relaxed into the rug again, soon sitting up on my elbows where he got up to go to the small table drawer. I had to grin widely as I realised he probably had lube everywhere for a use like this and I gave him a show of wrapping a hand around myself, stroking slowly and chewing on my lip.
Jamie                           "No. You need to leave. Who. Are. You?!" I pick up the phone to call Security.
Greg                      "No, I don't plan on repeating it, it's just that I was in work mode... Needed to know everything that was going on." I gave him half a smirk and it was a poor threat if any.
Mycroft                     I lunge forward, kicking the dropped blade away from them, and pulling Greg away from Eurus. "John?" I ask, as I look at the small cut on Greg's neck. It wasn't deep, but needed bandaging. I look at Eurus as she stands, silently glaring at me.
Mycroft                 I smiled. "I bought it new, so nearly 20 years now. Garage-kept and meticulously maintained, so still in excellent working order." The engine purred as I navigated the streets of London, arriving at Baker Street without incident.
Greg                            I groan when Mycroft shook me as I'd just started to doze off and I felt a protective arm around my shoulders as I slowly stood. We made our way to the guest room. "M'sorry for dripping water everywhere." I muttered as I felt my shoes squelch with the amount of water in them.
Rosie                          I stand up and shake his hand. Gavin-Gary-George seems kinda nice so far.
Greg                            "Yeah, I just wanted to see what yours tasted like." I gave him a childish/cheeky grin after a moment of being frozen and leant back again, happily eating most of my take-out box along with two cups of wine. I often pushed boundaries with people so left Mycroft to eat the rest of his then.
Greg                            "I’m... I’m sorry, she was unconscious when I got to her... I don’t think she'll make it..." I said weakly through the oxygen mask as the woman rushes up to me and I could only presume that she was Mrs. Price's daughter. I'd never met her but encouraged her to sit on the pavement with me.
He thinks John is dead. Hence the warning to keep John inside with me. He's going after you now. -SH
Greg                      "John remembered something from the building collapsing. He gave us the name 'Moriarty'." I said at first as I grabbed his arm and didn't care that he was glaring at me. I wanted to do this and help them.
Sherlock                   I unfold myself, standing once more and starting to pace, each step stabbing at the floor sharply, "What exactly happened last night?"
John                            Darting out of the sitting room from where I was watching TV, I run into the spare bedroom to throw on some shoes and a coat. I meet Greg by the door in a matter of seconds.
“I was grabbed at the underground parking at NSY. I thought I was safe using that entrance,” Greg said. He stilled. After a second, he continued. “I bet you: there is still some surveillance left, otherwise I can’t explain how Moriarty still knows our moves. He got us all in one sweep.” Greg tried in vain, to push off his handcuffs. A frustrated curse escaped him.
“Why do you need alcohol, when I am confessing here?” asked John amused. “I am spilling all my secrets about my sordid past, not you.”
Mycroft coordinated the round up of supporters in many offices and agencies across the UK and Europe. The problem was that not only police officers were part of Moriarty’s web. Also politicians, judges and journalists worked for Moriarty. But with all the undercover work and informal networks Mycroft, Greg and Sally started to close in on them. They soon could take the final steps.
The kitchen had been stocked with food for at least two weeks. Entertainment like television, internet and books were available. Everything had quite a homey feeling to it. All they had to do now was waiting for Mycroft to contact them.
Greg pulled back and just grinned at him. “I am glad, that you are back. But you have a lot of explaining to do!”
Sherlock had been retrieved from his prison six days ago. He had spent the last week recuperating at the mansion. Irene had forced him to eat, despite him not being hungry. Sherlock had been beyond consolation, because he had thought he had failed in keeping his friends alive. Irene had tried her best to lighten his mood and had coaxed him into cooperating. John heard between the lines that her occupation as a dominatrix seemed to make her a good nurse, too.
The mobile phone dropped from Sherlock's hands to the roof floor. The screen cracked, flittered a final time and then died. But it still recorded for another 15 minutes, till the battery finally ran out. Another 10 minutes later, it was picked up, wrapped into a small plastic bag and hidden away in the depths of a well-worn jacket. The finder kept it close, waiting for the right time to deliver it to the intended recipient. Everything went according to plan so far. But in the end, he wasn't able to fulfil this task.
“Believe me, I would prefer a rom-com,” Molly said. They drove back toward the city centre. Molly was unsure what to do now. If she still had her phone she would have tried to call Sally again.
Sherlock nodded. “Nick helped me with the fake suicide. He had the task to remove all evidence that pointed to the fact, that the jump wasn't fatal. He was also supposed to deliver my phone to John or Lestrade, if he found any safe chance to do so. He was probably seen by the sniper and therefore killed. See the marks on the hands of the sniper here? Nick must have struggled a lot, because the wire bit into the hands. And as revenge, Nick's lover probably killed the sniper. The wire is different; I bet it was a guitar string. I have seen strangulation marks like that before.”
I read about the concept of “Chekov’s gun” and I tried to go along with that. When I introduced something, I tried to use it for the story. I hope, I left no loose ends.
To kill time, John spent his time with some free-weight exercise. At least he got tired and was able to sleep in the evening. He didn’t know, what would happen in the near future, but he promised Greg, he would be ready when needed.
John looked grim. He couldn't believe it. He was still in the midst of Moriarty's game. Nothing was solved by Sherlock's death. “This doesn’t sound official at all.”
Johns gaze landed on the paper and he took a deep breath. With caution he approached Sherlock and plucked the letter from his hands.
The next week forced John into inactivity. He could not go back to Baker Street. For all means, he needed to appear dead. He could only help Greg from the shadows. Also Greg did his best to avoid being seen in public and spent most of his time at the Yard or in secret phone conferences with Mycroft.
At the moment it was up to John to pay for everything. So far, he had used up all his cash and probably the complete allowance of his credit card for groceries.
The next morning, John and Sherlock slept in. They had breakfast and then got picked up by one of Mycroft’s drivers. Like they had planned yesterday, John retrieved the sniper rifle and the bullets from John's bolt hole. After that, the driver dropped them off at a private shooting range in the outskirts of London. They were the only guests there.
John smiled, took Sherlock's hand, and silenced him with a kiss. He opened the door and pushed Sherlock through.
Sherlock threw a short glance at John and the papers in front of him. He knew instantly what John was talking about.
Sherlock chuckled. “I should be the one asking you that.” He sobered. “I am okay - more than okay. Everything is perfect.” A serene smile settled on his face. “You?”
After a while, Sherlock straightened. “I think I know what happened,” he said, but didn’t elaborate further.
“Full blown sex became more of a hassle than fun. With new people there are too many deductions in my head, and I am not able to focus on the act itself. But be assured: whatever you do, you can't make me uncomfortable or shock me,” Sherlock concluded.
Meanwhile Sherlock had pulled out his mobile and frantically dialled John's number. Only the voicemail answered. After that he tried to call Greg Lestrade, but came up with the same result. Molly had watched him, sensing his desperation. She tried to gain his attention. “Sherlock,” Molly said shy. Sherlock didn’t react. She tried it again more resolutely, catching his arm.
John was plagued by gruesome nightmares every night. The world was dull, grey and distant. On top of that he had a bad shift at the A & E. And he didn't even care anymore. He felt completely lost, adrift. He tried to keep grounded, to find reasons to do things. But there were none.
Sherlock came to a sudden stop. John needed a few seconds to realise that Sherlock was no longer with him. He turned around. Sherlock stood in the middle of the hallway, thinking hard. After a few seconds, his eyes focussed again. “John, you're brilliant,” he exclaimed. Sherlock turned around and went back to Dimmock. He stopped at the front of his desk and smirked down at him. “It’s you!” he said.
While arguing with the phone operator, she suddenly realized where they were heading: St. Bart's. They observed how the van came to a stop in the towing zone in front of the hospital entrance.
“I still don't understand, why you think affairs are the solution. And why the specific rules?” asked Sherlock.
After a few moments, she took her handbag and retrieved the taser. Despite her misgivings it had been a constant companion these last few days and now she was happy to have carried it around all the time. It could be useful now. The wise choice would be, to wait for the police, but she knew, that Moriarty was dangerous and every minute was important.
Greg told Sherlock about Nick and how he had visited his parents. Greg was telling how the parents still denied that their son had been gay.
Sherlock inspected the view out of the office windows. After some minutes he decided on one and opened it. He pushed a sturdy desk toward the window and helped John to mount the rifle.
“Yes, Lestrade and Mrs. Hudson as well,” Sally confirmed. “Greg and John are on their way to a hospital. Mrs. Hudson is fine.”
John struggled to stand up. They needed to keep dry and contain body heat. He cursed himself that he had never asked Sherlock how to get out of handcuffs. Sherlock was fascinated by them and there was always a pair laying about at Baker Street. It was a hobby of his to unlock them.
John was startled to be greeted by his name. He had assumed he had travelled here incognito. John followed the maid into an open living room which was tastefully decorated in dark rich colours and wooden panels. Two wingback chairs and a settee were arranged around a fireplace. The fire was lit and painted everything in warm colours. From one of the chairs, a woman dressed in a long gown rose and stepped towards him. John would have recognized her anywhere: Irene Adler.
“Nick once told me, that he couldn't stay with his parents, because they pressured him into a conversion therapy. They are ultra conservative, and he, their only son, came out as gay. That's why he had run from home. He did well on his own. He fell in love in London, but his boyfriend wasn't well off either. They were both too old for social services, so they camped in an abandoned building, while trying to make a degree in an evening class. The boyfriend earns some money as a street musician. They were very close and seemed happy. I believe that counts as motive.” Sherlock sat back in his chair, clearly not happy about his deduction.
John knew he was lucky. On the first try, he stumbled upon the bolt hole of his or Mrs. Hudson’s sniper. Soldiers are soldiers – and they were trained alike. 'Secure, move, shoot...' Some of the old lectures came back: Secure the location, move to a position of advantage, shoot when opportunity arises. John decided to stay and settled into the small bathroom. From there he could see the entry door and the two windows, but was hidden in the shadows. He cradled his gun, watched and waited for this opportunity.
Sherlock was hot and restless. He needed John to speed up. But John slowed him down and reassured him: slow caresses along his body with his hands and mouth, hot and wet kisses on lips, neck, torso and finally his member. Sherlock knew that John had never anal sex before, except the one time with Sherlock some days ago, but he also trusted John to know enough how to proceed.
John also had a lot to think about. His instinct told him that he was on the right track. The sniper he had killed, Sebastian Moran, had gotten his commands from Eastern Europe and now he was being sent there to retrieve an agent who had been in contact with Moriarty’s men. John remembered what Sherlock always said: The universe is rarely so lazy. If he was lucky, the agent could tell him something about Moriarty or Sherlock. If not, then John would deliver him to Berlin and come back to the Czech Republic to track down Moriarty himself.
“I don't mind condoms, but I like the options that open up, when you don't have to use them,” John said with a twinkle in his eyes. He found the buttons of Sherlock's dress shirt and undid them slowly.  Taking the shirt off, he pushed Sherlock backward onto the bed and crawled atop him. Sitting above him he pulled off his own T-Shirt and tossed it away. He kissed Sherlock again, enjoying the responses to his ministrations. Sherlock's hands roamed over his body. John couldn't resist to ground his hips toward Sherlock's and finding an answering bulge.
The whole time, Sherlock's thoughts whirled. This was an unusual behaviour. Never before had something similar happened. Usually John's girlfriends stayed till morning and he offered them breakfast.  Or John had sex elsewhere and came home late. Somewhere in his mind an old behaviour lecture of John popped up, where he told Sherlock, that throwing out a lover after sex was a ‘bit not good’.
Greg was well connected with friends and colleagues and thrived on the daily interactions with them. He found it difficult to imagine a life without them. Despite his current divorce, he could probably name 10 buddies, on which sofa he could crash tonight. Being isolated or lonely never was an issue for him. It was hard for him to imagine what Sherlock must have felt.
Taking the first step on the stairs, the same moment as he wanted to shout for John to lay the table, he hard it. A giggle. A woman, two floors up, in John’s room, Sherlock’s mind automatically provided. A low baritone snicker followed, unmistakably John. Sherlock froze mid-movement. Only now he acknowledged the unfamiliar coat on the hanger, the vanilla-lemon scented perfume in the air, the low sounds of intimacy – sighs, squeaks, rustles. Suddenly, he felt the world crashing in on him. The happiness from moments ago evaporated and he struggled for the next breath.
Slowly the adrenaline from the day vanished from his blood stream. He fought to stay awake. After 5 hours of waiting, the daylight was dimming and enveloping the apartment into twilight. He startled when he heard a distant ringing of a mobile. Some seconds later, someone inserted a key into the door lock and turned it. John was wide awake again. The door opened.
He gazed over the items on the table: Clothes, shoes, photos from the alleys and dumpsters, two mobile phones. Both phones were found on the younger victim. Greg stilled and picked up an evidence bag containing one mobile. He knew the model. Sherlock had owned the same. It still riled Greg, that they never recovered Sherlock’s phone after the jump. But in the ruckus caused by it, a lot of evidence got lost and the missing phone was just one of it. They searched the window ledges and even the manhole covers on the ground for Sherlock’s phone, but it was never found.
After changing his hoodie and cleaning away the blood, which had dried on his skin and needed to be scrubbed away, he went out again. First he got a baseball cap at a street vendor. Usually he ignored the illegal sellers, but now they were heaven sent. The newly acquired leather jacket from the sniper protected him from the cold weather and the light drizzle. Additionally he bought some simple clothing for women. The next step was a small convenience store for food, paper and a pen. The small shop was run by a Pakistan immigrant and was just right for his needs. Next, he needed internet access.
“Listen everyone,” he began. “There is a code of conduct at the NSY. From this day on, I expect from everybody to adhere to it. That means no jokes about race, gender, sex, or looks. I know that the old Superintendent didn't care about that. But from now on, I will insist on it. If there is a violation I will gladly send you to a sensitivity training. If you still have trouble after that, you will get a warning. Understood?”
Sherlock straighten up, ready to engage Moriarty once more. “No choice for me then, this time?” There was defiance in his voice.
John knew that his cheeks were burning a deep scarlet. Sherlock had conjured up a fantasy that John had denied himself so far. He took a steadying breath and looked into Sherlock's eyes. Mischief was twinkling there. The nervousness vanished from John. “Later,” John said. “But first, I want you on top. I am curious. Show me,” he whispered pleadingly. The mood shifted. Both felt the desperate need for more.
Greg looked into eyes, seeking confirmation of his written commands. John raised a questioning eyebrow. After some moments he nodded and put the folder on the table. Greg turned his back toward John giving him some privacy.
On late Thursday afternoon, they got the go ahead from Mycroft. They had spent the whole day in nervous anticipation.
As soon as he reached the intended back alley, he climbed up the fire ladder with the help of some empty crates. He broke into the flat with less trouble than imagined. The window on the fire escape was only drawn, not locked.
“I assumed John needed to retrieve one of my old study buddies. How is this possible? How did you know, who to contact? Even Stella confirmed that she picked up a redhead.” John could see how Mycroft wasn’t able to combine the facts. He had never seen Mycroft so flustered.
Despite it being rather late, John prepared a light meal for both Sherlock and him. He had found his appetite again and it he liked preparing meals, if he wasn't the only one eating.Sherlock devoured the meal with gusto. They took turns visiting the bathroom and preparing for bed. Their routines from living together at Baker Street had reemerged without them noticing. It was like a dance, that they had never forgotten. In the end they both drifted toward the master bedroom.
Later that evening, the news on the telly reported the assassination of the Arab prince. Very soon the name of Sebastian Moran was brought up by the reporters. The morning after, a man walking a dog reported a parked vehicle near the M4. A dead man was seated behind the wheel. The police had inspected the car and a sniper rifle had been found in the trunk. Later on, a preliminary autopsy report confirmed that the rifle had been used for the assassination of the Prince. Therefore the conclusion was drawn: the dead man in the car was Sebastian Moran. It seemed he had died of an intracranial aneurysm.
They arrived at a meeting room. There was a bag and a metal box with a lid on the table. John realized how Greg checked the empty corridor before closing the door. He shoved John into a chair. The folder was thrust at him and Greg mentioned for John to open it.
There was an Arab prince that enjoyed diplomatic immunity and had to be released from his detention ten days ago. A proper arrest had not been possible. The prince had gone straight to the press and had the gall to brag about his unjust treatment and had threatened to sue the government. Mycroft had some evidence that the prince funded Moriarty's operations but it wasn’t enough to remove his diplomatic status. There were even more lawsuits against him, that couldn't be processed: He was a suspect in an investigation regarding a murdered escort. She had been found strangled in the prince’s hotel bed four weeks ago. Some drugs seemed to play a part in that, too.
Fact: John had female company upstairs with strong evidence that they were having sex. Conclusion: John started dating again to find a new girlfriend.
“Well, would you look at that. The lovebirds reunited,” she drawled, grinning at Kate. John rolled his eyes. While he had used to correct people on that, the usual knee-jerk reaction to the statement 'I am not gay' no longer erupted from him. He was way too happy to have Sherlock back. If people wanted to assume, he didn't care anymore.
“I am a millionaire,” John grinned stupidly. He closed the laptop. The bills could wait one more day. “Let's go out, have something to eat. Angelo's?”
Greg inspected the phone further. It had a cracked screen. His gut screamed that the phone was important. Besides the crack and the indenture on the corner, where the crack had originated, the phone seemed well cared for: No scratches on the casing, no dust, no fingerprints. The phone was found wrapped into a small plastic bag. Greg suspected that it had belonged to a third party and not to one of the victims. Forensics had already pulled the data from the phone and stored them on the NSY server for analysis, but nobody had had the time to look through all the data. NSY had too many open cases like burglaries, robberies, kidnappings, drug busts and homicides, that the case of two homeless men was a low priority. In the last two months there was a significant rise in criminal action. Greg refused to connect Sherlock’s suicide with that even if he didn't believe in coincidences.
After long moments of sensual explorations, Sherlock broke away from John and leaned over to the bedside table. “Please, let Mycroft be his usual meddling and manipulating arse...” he murmured. Sherlock opened the drawer and inspected the content. He grinned at John and pulled out a tube of lube and some condoms.
Against Sherlock's lips John whispered frantically: “Sherlock, I need you. I don't know if you are amenable, but I want to fuck. I have never done this, but I need -” John stilled against Sherlock and buried his face in Sherlock's neck. He trembled.
He steered John to a small stool on the corner. After that he pressed play. The conversation of Sherlock and Moriarty started.
“Well, Dr Watson,” he continued, “would you be willing to help me out here? I can’t give you a proper risk assessment, but you are a trained soldier and should be able to help yourself.  You should still have a gun from Greg. I can furthermore provide you with papers for two fake identities, medical supplies, a safe house and some funding. Of course I will pay you for the endeavour in the end, too. If something goes wrong, I try to help, but I can't promise anything.”
“I never said you were.” With that he captured Sherlock's lips again, giving him a deep kiss and putting in all the effort to make it as filthy and erotic as possible.
Five minutes to the start of mass, Mrs Hudson dutifully appeared. He observed her from the shadows. As he suspected, she met up with two friends, more interested in the social event than praying. They chatted for a few minutes. John needed to get the letter to her without much commotion. He checked the crowd and the street once again. It seemed nobody tailed her. That was good. There was the risk that the old sniper had already been found and replaced. But John counted on the paranoia of killers: the sniper would not want to leave a trace, avoid regular calls and disguise his locations. He wouldn’t be missed yet. If he was lucky, the sniper wouldn’t even be missed in the long run. He had talked about a vacation.  At the moment nobody would find the dead sniper by chance. The apartment had been empty for over a year now with nobody taking care of it. Only when the corpse started to smell then someone in the building would start an investigation.
Sometime after midnight, Molly deleted the whole document they had written. She even did short term memory wipe. After a good-bye hug, both happy, that they now were no longer alone with their sorrows, John headed back to his bolt hole.
Martha Hudson took a praying book and opened it. Then she took out the letter and hid it in the book while reading it.
While there, he brushed his teeth and inspected himself in the mirror. His beard came along nicely, but he still looked drawn and tired. He sighed, discarded his clothes in a pile and jumped into the shower. It felt glorious. The last shower he had had was at the hospital after his shift over a week ago and since then he had had to make do with short wash at the sink in his bolthole. When finished he towelled himself dry. The bruises on his stomach and tears from his struggle with the sniper were healing nicely and had faded into a dirty yellow. The whole bathroom was steamed up and humid. He slung the towel around his waist, picked up his laundry and his bag and crept back into the bedroom. He needn't have bothered, because Sherlock was awake and sat forlornly in the bed. Upon seeing him, his face lit up. He scrutinised John from head to toe.
“Thank you, Dr Watson. I assume your travels were uneventful - contrary to the happenings here,” Mycroft said.
John felt his cheeks flushing. He was nervous, but also incredibly aroused. “Fuck me,” he whispered blushing.
He couldn’t do anything about the first issue. But the other two would be corrected. He still had some resources left. At the moment, he would just have to wait for a little bit.
“No judgement from me here. Gay sister. Remember?” John said. “I sensed a 'but' at the end of your sentence.“
This time Sherlock took a big sip of the wine. “Just to get this straight, despite what my dear brother implies: I had and have sex. I am no virgin, whatever that means for a gay man.” Sherlock cast a shy glance toward John.
After tedious 20 minutes of registration processes, he wrote to Matthew. His nick name ‘Three Continents Watson’ was also no use here. Again any surveillance on him would know about that, but when he had served with Matt he used to have another, lesser known alias.
John just shrugged. “Well. He is dead, you are welcome. The rifle is in the bolt hole, if you need it.”
“Are you sure?” Sherlock teased. “Don't you want to fuck me into the mattress?” he whispered, “Hear me begging for more, to take me harder, faster?” Sherlock’s voice dropped to a deep baritone, encouraging John to imagine everything.
For every person they had to arrest at the Metropolitan Police including the Yard Lestrade needed two people. And Lestrade needed to trust those. He started with Sally Donovan. Sally was easily convinced. She already suspected some foul schemes at play. She was surprised at all the evidence that supported her suspicions. She immediately agreed to help Greg. And so they started to gather supporters for their cause. They talked to all their old mates in the force – eye to eye – to help them against Moriarty. Everyone and everything was first scrutinised and if trustworthy briefed.
Stella grabbed an item that was leaning against the door frame and handed it to him: a garish red-golden umbrella with a black handle. ‘I would only give it to someone when I am sure to get it back,’ John recalled Mycroft’s words. He chuckled and relaxed. Now he had the responsibility of returning the umbrella.
Stella retrieved a laptop from her bag and powered it up. She booked two plane tickets for the next day and promised to pick them up tomorrow morning. After that, she said her goodbyes and left again. The whole visit only lasted 15 minutes. John and Sherlock stood in the living room and stared at each other. Their adventure seemed be coming to an end. Both felt unsure what awaited them. So far, they had been living in their safe bubble.
John joined Sherlock eagerly on the bed again.  Catching the other man's lips, he pulled their bodies together enjoying the intimate skin on skin feeling. He felt almost overwhelmed. If he hadn't had sex some mere hours ago, he probably could explode right there. He already felt some moisture gathering at the tip of his prick.
This was all his fault. If he hadn't made John angry yesterday he wouldn't have walked out of the flat. Then he wouldn't have dissappeared. Stupid! He knew John’s ways of dealing with anger. Go out, take a walk, come back.
Despite his anger he didn't push Sherlock away, he actually clung to him like his life depended on it and it wasn't long until Sherlock's arms were closed around him.
Always for John, but what if John got angry with him because of this? It wouldn't matter.  A world with a living and angry John would be infinitely better that a world without John.
Maybe he had pulled a Ricoletti and faked it. Sherlock had suspected that since he solved the Ricoletti case on the plane. He hadn't told John though. He didn't want to worry him
"Well Jack, everything is going to be just fine. I'm calling someone who can give us a ride. Is that okay?" he said. He tried to talk as calmly as possible and using simple words. Not very easy but Jack didn't seem to notice. Lestrade answered and he briefly explained the situation.
But then Sherlock had called him an idiot for not understanding the importance of it while also claiming that he never would. That's when the hurt appeared on John’s face and that's also when Sherlock started to feel sick. He hated that look, especially when it was directed at him.
"Shut up! Don't talk!" Sherlock said, adding more pressure and simultaneously making John gasp for breath. He was hurting him, but that couldn't be helped. He needed to keep as much blood as possible inside John.
"Well, that wasn't so hard was it? He is on his way." and with that, the call ended. Thankful that he was still wearing gloves he went out, threw the gun I the pool in pure frustration and went outside to greet the boy. Damn.
"I have something to show you. A little tape that my colleagues filmed while Sherlock was away." she said with another cold smile and went outside to bring a computer. She placed it in front of him.
"Caring is not an advantage, I told you that. Remember?" And he thought that maybe Mycroft was right.
John was standing in the kitchen preparing 2 cups of tea, he was wearing that beautiful blue jumper and was swaying slowly to some music that Sherlock was sure he should recognise. He had styled his hair (that he had kept longer after Sherlock had implied that he would look good in it) with more care than usual and he got an unexplainable urge to reach out and run his fingers through it to make it all messy.
"Are we going to Angelo's?" he asked. Turning to John. He just smiled and squeezed their joined hands. Sherlock returned the gestures and kept looking at John. His John. He had a feeling that today might even get a tiny bit better, if possible.
Of course, he had decided that the moment he realised John was about to propose to Mary (even if John didn't know it. When he thought about it, he had done a lot of things that John didn't know).
But there had been a baby. He could never leave his own child in her hands. So he had stayed. Hating himself and hating Mary. And hurting Sherlock in the process. But the baby had been born and Mary had one last secret. The baby wasn’t his. Why she had kept quiet he didn't know. She had secretly taken a paternity test with the man she had been cheating on him with. She showed him the papers a few days after the birth. He had taken one look at them, turned and walked out. She didn't try to stop him.
He took a few steps towards his friend, crouching in front of him. John seemed to recoil at the sound, not yet noticing Sherlock.
"You've been unconscious for three days, completely unacceptable." Sherlock said, trying (but not really) to make him guilty. "Mycroft had tracked me without my knowledge and some of his puppets stormed the building just as you lost consciousness. They were both arrested and have been moved to some secret base that isn't supposed to exist, Mycroft dealt with it.."
John helped though. He made Sherlock want to be better. Actually want to. Because with John, Sherlock had a friend, a supporter, a helping hand. That and all the other things he valued John for. He had someone who he wanted to impress, someone to live for.
He took a shaky step backwards. His breath seemed to be stuck in his throat. The picture's meaning was clear as day. It was a threat. A reminder that he shouldn't get help from anyone if he wanted to keep John alive. This must have been done when he and Mycroft talked, somehow without letting it show on the cameras in the flat.
"Thank you." he said, waiting patiently (or, not very) for John to swallow before kissing him again.
It could be someone that wanted money, if that was the case, a ransom would present itself very soon.
"You got an easy one last time. I asure you this will be more challenging. I will send you a picture, just figure out where to go and I will call you when you get there." the girl continued. The call ended before he had uttered a single syllable. He slowly lowered the phone, images of a hurt John still flashing in his mind.
It could be an enemy of John’s. Someone from before or someone that Sherlock had made him. Either way, it didn't look good if that was the case.
When she stepped out into the light, he felt a stab of confusion that quickly turned into anger, betrayal and fear. Everything packed so tightlyin his chest it made it hard to breathe. Mary (or whatever her name is) was standing in front of him, smirking.
Sherlock was always beside him from the moment they let him in until he was thrown out by some irritating nurse that he offended on his way out. That always made John laugh. He had missed the deductions and their humor and he couldn't wait to get back to normal life. Well, as normal as it got in Sherlock's company.
Streaks of sunlight hit his face, waking him up. He checked the time, addind it to his internal clock, set from the day of John's disappearance. 3 weeks, 2 days, 0.5 hours, 5 minutes and 24 seconds.
Sherlock didn't know what to say so he just smiled back at John, pulled him towards himself and crushed their lips together.
He quickly rolled up his sleave and walked towards a bigger crate to sit on. He took a deep breath, struggled a bit in the dim light in his search for a vein, positioned the syringe and slowly inserted it. He breathed again and started to push the unknown liquid into his blood.
When they got back to the flat, John was all over him. Kissing, biting, caressing. They ended up in their bed (The bedroom that used to belong to Sherlock) after some time.
He didn't know what to answer, so he kept quiet. In the middle of all of the fear and confusion, somewhere in his chest, a hope was born. A hope he had lost when Sherlock had jumped, a hope that seemed to far away to reach when he married Mary and a hope that had tried to come back when he moved back to Bakerstreet. The warmth in his chest grew, but it wasn't strong enough to push the fear away.
Everything was too much. The lights, the darkness, the sounds, the silence, the touch of furniture and the lack of touch.
"Look at me." He wanted to ignore John. To run away and never come back. But when John asked something in that voice, he could never deny him. That soft, almost pleading voice. He slowly turned around, tears burning in his eyes. John looked at him, just looked. Not like he usually did but with so much more. His gaze was filled with happiness, relief and love. So much that it made Sherlock sway where he stood.
"Hi again, you know the deal by now. Finish my task and I will set the girl free. And you will at the same time be closer to find your 'live in one'"
Sometime in the middle of the night, Sherlock woke up from a nightmare. But John just hugged him to his chest, stroke his head and lulled him back to sleep.
"John!? John, can you hear me?" he asked. Amazed at the steadiness in his voice. John waved a hand at him as an answer.
Said John was growing paler every second. His hands were clutched in Sherlock's sleeves and he was trying to say something.
"I am playing another little game with Sherlock. You are a part of it, just like last time. Won't that be fun?" he said. John forced himself to open his eyes and look straight into Moriarty's despite the pain in his head. He tried to show him all of the hate and disgust he felt in one single look, not knowing if he succeeded or not.
"Tie him up again, then wait for further instructions." He stayed silent as they tied the ropes again and almost threw him to the floor with no mercy what so ever. He gave them a deadly glare as they walked out. What the hell was he supposed to do now?
When the clock ticked closer to 7, John managed to talk Sherlock into putting on something nice without revealing where they were going. Not an easy task when it's the world's only consulting detective you have to persuade.
"Sher... What.. what are you doing here??" he stuttered, sounding angrier and angrier. "You are going to get us both killed!"
It felt strangely intimate, sitting in John's room alone, surrounded by John's things and scent. Mycroft had called and texted approximately 35 times since the incident yesterday (which hadn't actrually been an incident) and he had ignored them all. He knew that Mycroft would storm into the flat anytime now, so he got up and reluctantly walked away from John's room.
Dinner was fantastic. John asked Angelo for a candle, wearing a very proud look on his face. It made Sherlock feel warm inside and he couldn't contain a small smile.
The smile on his lips lingered as he tried to find a comfortable position to sleep, and when he woke up, it was still there.
He didn't like this Mary, evidently this had been the real her all along but it was so different to the kind and steady person he had fallen for. Now, all he felt was anger and betrayal. Not even Sherlock had understood that she had been cheating, or that she was an assassin. She was good, he understood that, but what he didn't know was how good. And he had a funny feeling he was about to find out.
A quick trigger warning, some mild torture in this one, not grusome but I figured I should warn you anyway.
Their relationship had been growing slowly but steadily. Trust had been rebuilt and enforced and the intimacy was easier.
His hair was messy, he had bags under his eyes and he looked like he could fall asleep anywhere. His eyes shone with concern and his hand had yet again found John's.
He was home from school but Redbeard didn't show up as he usually did. He had been worried and ran inside. There he found his parents with strange looks on their faces.
Sherlock would come for him, he knew that much. But he had walked out though. He hadn't said when he would be back. Sherlock was probably more hurt than he would ever admit right now. He mentally punched himself and tried to remind himself to be more careful with Sherlock.
The turning point came that very afternoon. John was typing (with two fingers, seriously?) something on his computer when he suddenly slammed it shut and stood up.
"It will take a while.." he said, still worried about possible consequences for John. But when Mycroft kept quiet, he continued. He told the story from the beginning, only skipping the details about his own feelings and reactions to seem a bit better. Even now, he didn't like the disappointment in Mycroft's eyes whenever they discusses his feelings.
He tried to figure out who could have taken him, and to what purpose. Not an easy task, he had to admit.
When Sherlock had put the violin away, he had taken the cup of cold tea from John’s hands and reached a hand out for John to take. John had been puzzled but Sherlock had seemed confident and he really hadn't had the energy to care.
'What would Sherlock have done?' he thought. Well, there was no way to get out of the room, but if he could get free from his bonds, the situation would at least be a bit more comfortable. He tried to wiggle out his hands, that didn't work. Neither did his feet. Maybe he could find something sharp. He looked around and at the same time he heard footsteps. They stopped at the other side of the door, then unlocked it.
His John. Something he decided to call John in his head. It was the only thing that he thought was fitting. But now, his John was missing. He had been gone for exactly 3 days, 5 hours, 12 minutes and 2 seconds. 3. 4. 5.
"Will you look at that. He's awake!" The last sentence was almost sung and he felt a rush of fear as he realised who that sing-song voice belonged to. At the same time, the man in question stepped into the middle of the room. Dressed in a slim, black suit and white button-down with the black hair combed backwards he looked identical to the last time John had seen him all dressed up. But the eyes, they seemed to have sunk into his head and it made him look even crazier.
He took a deep breath. He had figured it out the moment he had entered the dressing room. He whispered a small apology, aimed, closed his eyes, hesitated for a millisecond and pulled the trigger. The dog fell to the ground without a sound. Sherlock was sure it hadn't felt a thing, judging by the location of the bullet, but guilt still washed over him. Made him feel sick.
"I hope you understand.." he started, suddenly looking serious. "..that I can't do this for just a little while. If we do this, you need to know that I'm in it for the long haul."
This day, she had locked all doors in an attempt to keep Sherlock out. This day, you see, was not any other day. It was Sherlock's birthday. He had tried to ignore it, but John had asked their landlady to bake some gingernuts (one of Sherlock's personal favourites) and try to keep it hidden from him. She had shone up at his words and started immediately.
Mary (or whatever her real name was) was standing in front of him. Her hair was still blonde, a bit longer though, and she was wearing her usual red coat. She had a chilling smile on her lips, a smile that didn't quite reach her eyes.
He remembered that alley, knew it better than his own hand. He had spent to many drug induced nights there to delete it from his mind. The graffiti had been put there by himself, a reminder of his worth according to the rest of the world.
A tiny, seemingly harmless word when out of context. But it struck him like lighting when Mycroft spoke the words "John Watson is" in front of it.
Thank you SO much to all of you that have followed this fic! Only one chapter left, wich will be full to the brim with fluff (because our boys deserve it and no one can convince me otherwise).
When John pulled away, he didn't look at Sherlock and he recoiled again when Sherlock reached for him. Like he was embarrassed.
"Don't even try it, doctor." he said with a cold laugh that didn't quite reach his eyes. With a snapping of his fingers, two muscular people walked towards him, lifted him up by his forearms and pulled the rest of the rope away from his hands. When they pressed him up against the wall he grunted in pain.
As soon as Mary and Moriarty had been imprisoned, Mycroft had sent out people to destroy the very last pieces of the network. Eliminating the very last threats.
"In the crate beneath the street lamp there is a little gift for you. Something that will remind you of this place. Use all of it and wait, only then will I send the girl to you."
He tried to concentrate but the hunger was makimg it hard. They hadn't given him anything what so ever, barely even water.
They walked up the stairs of 221B together, Sherlock was supporting most of John's weight. John had been angry with him and he wasn't sure why. He had saved his life for Christ's sake.
"No, no, NO! Don't you dare leave John!" he almost screamed. Then he watched in horror as John drew a raspy breath, his hands slipping from Sherlock's arms and his eyelids fluttered closed.
He couldn't breathe, couldn't think. His heart was pounding in his ears, distracting him. A part of him longed for a distraction, but the rest of him screamed at the other part to SHUT UP, WE WILL NOT FAIL JOHN LIKE THAT!
There it was chaos. With John God knows were his mind seemed to loose all sense of logic. Everything he had so neatly organised was suddenly somewhere else and the wing he secretly had stored everything about John in was even worse.
He thought about his first case, the disappointment when the police hadn't taken him seriously. Then he thought about the time he went to confront Moriarty for the first time. The fear when he for one millisecond had considered the thought that maybe John had been behind it all.
The first thing he felt was pain somewhere on the left side of his head. It made him wince as he opened his eyes and found that he was in a dimly lit room that smelled faintly of paint.
He didn't have much more time until the cab stopped. He threw the cabbie some money and dashed out. The doors were unlocked.
He took a step back to regard John properly. He mimicked his smile before walking into the kitchen. He stuffed his mouth with 2 of them and brought the plate back to John. John tilted his face upwards in that way that suggested he wanted a kiss. But Sherlock just gave him a quick peck before shoving a biscuit into John's mouth.
When the cab pulled up and when he threw some money at him, he walked out and abruptly stopped. Everything was quiet. There was no traffic on the dark Street behind him and the chilly autumn night was making him shiver lightly.
When he looked back at it now, he envied his younger self. The naive, happy little boy he had been. And what a mess he had become. The drugs he had started with in university hadn't exactly helped.
He didn't usually wear the blue cashmere jumper that brought out the colour of his eyes but he knew for a fact that Sherlock loved it. Which seemed to be enough reason to wear it today.
He took it in his hand and turned it over. Almost identical to the phone Moriarty sent him all those years ago. His hand was trembling now, no scratch that. All of him was trembling. He felt dizzy and he vaguely registered walking back to his chair and sitting in it. The rising feeling of panic did nothing to improve the situation.
John took a step towards him and raised a hand to place it on his cheek. He wiped away a tear that had escaped and Sherlock leaned into the touch. John's eyes were shiny when he spoke.
Mary brought the knife to John's face, making a clean cut on his right cheek. A single drop of blood rolled down his face.
He stared for a long time, then he stared a bit more. Words failed him as he repetedly opened and closed his mouth, only managing to utter a few syllables.
He went upstairs and retrieved the present he had hidden and placed it in Sherlock's chair just as he heard the door open.
He looked away from John and did as he said. Inside it was a key. No special key, just an ordinary looking, boring key. But when he looked back at John for answers, all he found was that beautiful smile. The one that made his eyes sparkle and his nose crinkle and he found himself wanting to kiss that smile. But when he raised his eyebrows John finally spoke.
"Good, go into the men's dressing room." He did and what met him was something he definitely hadn't expected. A red dog. A puppy really. It looked exactly like Redbeard. A pang of longing struck him. The dog was tied to one of the benches and was trying to run towards him. Then the boy spoke again.
He tried in vain to open his eyes the minute he woke up. The light stung and his eyelids felt heavy. The place smelled distinctly like hospital. He breathed and tried to figure out why his stomach was hurting when he realised that something big, warm and solid was lying on top of his right side. He tried to move his right hand to maybe find out what that heavy thing was and it instantly stired.
Well, the first year of school had been okay. He had even enjoyed it. He had found a friend, her name was Sofie, and she wasn't as stupid as all the others. But after a while he managed to hurt her. She had run of to the teachers, crying. After that she barely talked to him if it wasn't to insult him.
Blood was already soaking the scarf and staining his hands. He could hear Moriarty and Mary standing behind him, whispering about something but he paid them no mind. His only focus was John, bleeding out under his hands.
When he looked at the chair opposite of his, he felt his chest clench. Closing his eyes helped a bit so he did that, then he placed his hands underneath his chin and went into his mind palace.
Mycroft was probably tracking him, meaning that he would come to the right conclusion sooner or later. He was rooting for later, considering John's position.
"I have a new puzzle for you. I'm guessing you remember the last one. The one where I promised to burn the heart out of you, this time, I will succeed." Sherlock didn't breathe. He sat there, mind suddenly completely blank. When the boy spoke again, he felt the panic fill his veins once more.
They rose from the sofa and while John changed upstairs, Sherlock did the same in his room. He normally didn't sleep in clothes, but he dressed in a t-shirt and trousers anyway.
He thought for a while, trying to find the right words. "I want backup, I want to make sure that we can get John out unharmed while we eliminate Moriarty once and for all."
John still tased like everything good in the world, with a faint hint of tea but there was something else. He couldn't put his finger on it,  but he liked it. He thought it tasted a bit like Christmas. 'Why on earth whould it taste like Christmas? Oh!'
So it was with cautious steps that he walked up the steps and into the room. 2 windows were open, the wind was making various papers fly across the flat. He quickly crossed the room to close them. When he looked towards the wall over the sofa (where he had pinned every piece of information regarding John's disappearance) there was a new addition. A big photo, hanging slightly askew, representing no-one other that the doctor himself.
"Okay?" John asked, looking uncertain. He immediately decided that he would rid him of that expression as quickly as possible. By kissing him.
He should have known that it wouldn't last. The fragile thing he and John had built up after the disappointing paternity test and the messy divorce. He should have known he wouldn't be lucky enough to spend the rest of his life with the man he loved most in the world. First Moriarty, then Mary and now this.
This is quite an angsty one, but far milder than what I have planned for later. It's also quite short, but I hope you won't mind too much.
Sitting on the floor in a corner, shirtless, malnourished, bruised and pale. Blood was smeared over the floor, sometimes forming distinct handprints. John's face was turned away from him, his whole body trembling. He had a few cuts on his chest and the burn was distinct.
Everything started to spin. His mind started picturing John, alone, hurt, scared. When he pulled himself together enough to speak he practically screamed.
Mrs. Hudson was in a splendid mood. She hummed, baked and cleaned ("I'm not your houskeeper though!").
There was too much space between them for his liking, but maybe that was how John wanted it? He was too shy and nervous to ask or move closer. John seemed to notice that something was wrong so he inched closer and pulled Sherlock towards him, his head on John's chest.
"Stand, both of you." Moriarty demanded, smiling. Sherlock obeyed, but had to support almost all of John's weight to keep him upright. Moriarty nodded at Mary, who moved towards them and pulled John towards her. Realising it was useless to resist, Sherlock let her.
"One dog, one bullet. I'm sure you can do the math. Do this and I will send the boy to you. If you don't, both him and your beloved John will die."
"I sure can. But first, we are taking you to your parents. They are waiting at the police station." While waiting he talked to Jack about school, friends, hobbies and everything else that went through the mind of an 8 year old. He found himself enjoying it. Jack didn't think that Sherlock was strange or a freak. He just talked. The boy's eyes were deep blue and combined with the light hair he closely resembled John. That pang of longing struck him again and he couldn’t let go of the thought that Moriarty had chosen him for that specific reason.
When Mary shifted again, he braced himself. He caught John's eyes, pouring all of his love and regret into that look (not giving a damn if anyone notices) and not expecting the response he got. John looked at him like he had at the pool all those years ago. But there was something else. He couldn't pinpoint what it was and was interrupted by the horrible sound John made.
He had loved her. He really had. But he knew the moment he saw the bottle of Claire de la lune and understood its meaning. He knew that their marriage was over. He would have left her right there. Make Mycroft deal with the papers and moved out as soon as possible.
"Waiting, in there." she answered, gesturing towards the first door. He walked past her, making sure to give her a deadly look, and entered the room. What met him almost made him gag.
He hadn't eaten properly in 3 days. He had barely slept. He often found himself trying to remember John. How he looked in the morning, dressed in comfy pjs and messy hair, how he looked when Sherlock complemented him, his eyes full of pride and adoration, how he looked after a chase through London, with adrenalin rushing and joy in his eyes.
"Missing?! You have an outrageous amount of CCTV cameras all over London and someone goes missing?!"
Tears were pouring down his cheeks now but he couldn't care less. He heard Moriarty say something again but he ignored him once again.
He had been scared today. Mostly because he had started to realise what he would do for John. It should have been obvious to him earlier (he had actually shot a man for him) but it had all been so natural. He hadn't actually thought much about the consequences, just acted. But Moriarty forced him to consciously make sacrifices for John and made him realise that he would make these choices no matter what.
"You might be surprised to hear from me again. I'm dead, right? I shot myself, right? Well Sherlock, everything isn't always as it seems. Oh, and don't worry about the boy. He will be sent free as soon as you complete my task. A little hint, look at the pictures." Then the recording was over. Shit.
"John?" Sherlock's voice said, a hand clutching his. His voice was rushed and worried. 'Why worried?'
He knew that he couldn't outsmart his brother when it came to drug use. So he asked if they could talk somewhere private. Mycroft turned without another word, waved a hand to make Sherlock follow him and walked down the steps.
'High functioning sociopath my arse' he thought while he shifted a bit in a failed attempt to get more comfortable.
In no time, they were curled up on the sofa together in front of a bad movie with food all over the table. He actually ate which seemed to surprise John, judging by all of the content glances. But when the food was gone and the movie had almost an hour left he felt lost.
To try and clear his head he went into the bathroom and splashed some cold water in his face. He caught his own eyes in the mirror. He looked awful. Eyes that screamed with fear and his skin more pale than ever. The dark circles under his eyes were larger than this morning and his hair was a mess.
So with nothing more to do, Sherlock took a cab home. Mycroft would be monitoring the flat and the streets around it.
But the world's only consulting detective happened to be more curious than a 5 year old, to John's advantage.
He watched, trying and failing to keep a staight face as Sherlock was beaten and burned by two other people with hidden faces. He didn't want to appear weak by looking away, so he forced his eyes to stay focused on the screen. The two people had walked away from Sherlock, one said something in a strange language while another reached for something that looked like a whip.
The handwriting suggested male. Written in a hurry, he had used a ballpoint pen, blue ink. Sherlock tore it open and his breath stuck in his throat. He heard Mrs Hudson say something but he was to stunned to respond.
The thought of that conversation always made Sherlock see red. She didn't deserve John, not even a little bit. But John seemed to love her so Sherlock hadn't tried to destroy it (like he had with John’s past girlfriends). He wanted John to be happy.
He was almost drowning in worry and despair when a black car pulled up and a little girl with flaming, red hair and a face covered in freckles jumped out of it.
A thousand questions were flying around in his head, making him dizzy. He felt incredibly stupid, just standing there and not knowing what to say. So he asked the most pressing question.
"Hello Sherlock, the clue was quite easy right? Just walk to the other side of the pool. Do you see the gun?" Sherlock saw it, picked it up and checked it. One bullet.
The voice belonged to no one other than James Moriarty himself, half hidden by a doorframe to the right. He must have flipped a light switch for suddenly, the hall was bathing in yellow light that was stinging in his eyes. Moriarty mostly looked like he always had, maybe a few more lines on his face and, if possible, even scarier eyes. A vicious smile was playing on his lips.
He wondered if he could escape that way but quickly realised that the window was way to small and very high up. But he could see grass. Basement then, he thought. The only door was probably locked and honestly, his bound limbs didn't really improve the situation.
"I.." he tried again. "You don't seem to understand why I don't want you to risk your life for me. You don't seem to understand that the only way for my life to be good, is with you in it. And I realise I should have told you a long time ago but, I love you too."
But before Sherlock could ask, the doo swung up and both Mary and Moriarty were standing in front of them.
So the years went by and he practically threw himself into his books. He spent hours upon hours in the library bent over whichever book had caught his eye. He refined his deduction skills, practicing every time he looked at someone. If he couldn’t help being bullied, he would absolutely have something to throw back at them.
It was quite a messy house. All bricks surrounded by an unkept garden. Some bricks were cracked or crumbling and the door was full of scratches.It could have been pretty at some point he thought.
To him, Bakerstreet had always been home. He woke from his daydream with the feeling of Sherlock’s arms around him by a bang.
"Now, this is what's going to happen. I am going to destroy you, Sherlock. I am going to take the only person you've ever cared about and make you watch when I kill him. Or rather, when Mary kills him, legwork you know." he said, his eyes never leaving Sherlock.
"Why? Why were you so reckless? You could have been killed! Don't you think I have spent enough time worrying about you?"
This place was nothing but proof that sentiment was only going to hurt him. But he found that he didn't really care. It was John. His John, the only person he had ever loved (even if John didn't know it). He found that what he felt didn't really matter as long as his John could be happy and safe.
He was starting to panic again when he joined the real world. He thought about Moriarty and his threat at the pool. "I'll burn the heart out of you." Even after all these years the words haunted him. Ringing in his ears every time he gave in. Gave in to the feelings he so closely guarded.
He sat down in his chair after shedding the coat and scarf and stapled his fingers beneath his chin.
This was one of those times. He was sprawled on the sofa thinking about John while constantly reminding himself that he definitely shouldn't be thinking about John.
When the text alert sounded, he clicked on the image. It was of a darkened alley. a single streetlight emitted a warm, yellow light that shone on a few crates and a blue door. There was a graffiti on the door, he zoomed in to see it better and when he did, his breath stuck in his throat. In bold, black letters, the word "Freak" was scribbled.
"No my real name isn't Mary, yes I work for Moriarty, yes I have done that since the beginning. Our first encounter was in fact at the pool where Powers died, I was one of the snipers. Does that cover it all?"
Well, it could very well be Mary behind this. She had looked devastated when John had found out about her shooting Sherlock. And she had looked equally devastated when he had received the paternity test.
So that's why John found himself booking a table at Angelo's, cleaning the flat and brewing tea at 3 in the afternoon on a Tuesday. Sherlock should be home at any time now (Lestrade had just informed him that the case was solved) so he went into their bedroom and changed.
Greg should have known that he wasn't the only one, who knew the weak points in the surveillance of the NSY headquarters. He had a lot of questions running around in his head but he didn't know where to start. So he kept silent and rolled his eyes. He was sleep deprived. And with Mycroft here he knew for certain that something epic was going on.
Molly understood instantly his hesitation. ‘This thing has no internet access. It is just for simulation runs,’ she typed.
John halted him, hand resting on his shoulder. “But what if it does? If this means something. Or am I just going insane?” He paused. “The last few months, I felt like all my senses had been muted. Everything was dimming around me. But not now, not here. I feel alive again,” John confessed closing his eyes.
Sherlock looked up, his face insecure. “Nothing. Sorry, just... Not important.” He took a sip of his wine, trying to fix his gaze onto the telly.
He needed a plan. And being a Friday evening with nobody missing him, he had all the time. With renewed vigour, he started on all the other evidences piled up in front of him. He was missing something, and he would solve the riddle. Weekend be damned.
“And yet, I am alive,” Sherlock played for time. “Come on. You know how it works. Lead the eye to the spots you want to be seen, add enough make-up and some special effects. Unfortunately I realized too late that your suicide was a trick, too, and let myself be deceived. Sentiment clouded my vision. Haven't you seen the crucial points in my 'magic trick' yet?” Sherlock stepped off the ledge onto the roof, forcing Moriarty one step back.
Moriarty                   "A little island not well known to the general public. Your brother, however, knows it well. It's called Sherrinford. This is where he tossed your sister after he decided she was too broken to play anymore." I pour us each a glass of Chianti. "I could show you around if you want. I currently have the suite she spent two decades trapped in but there are other places you can explore."
Mycroft                     "Thank you" I nod as I walk into the room. Greg's arm is bandaged, and there's an IV attached to his hand, but aside from that, he appears to be sleeping peacefully. I rest a hand gently on his chest.
I don't suppose you know where I can get some good quality products? I feel a sudden need for them. -SH
Greg                            "Okay. And you'd not reported it missing at all? At any point in the last week or so?" I then asked as I took the photos back and merely kept my hands folded on the table.
Greg                            I simply nod and reply the same back to him and we settled back to how we were before but lying more on the pillows. I wasn't so self-conscious about cuddling up to him, my voice small but loud enough for him to hear. "Will you stay until I wake up?"
Greg                            "Well. We've just kind of shot down the only people who would know what they were doing here." I sighed as I put my gun back to my side and Moriarty’s face was then splattered across the screens. It sent a shiver up my spine.
Sherlock                   There's a shuffling sound and I appear from the direction of my bedroom, wrapped in a sheet and with tousled, messy hair, a sleepy dark cloud drifting towards the kitchen carried by a yawn
Mrs. Price                  "Oh, that sounds like more than just a mere civil servant." I began to say but got cut off where he got into the car and drove away. I smirked to myself where I'd embarrassed them both, myself feeling like another mother to Gregory.
Mycroft                     I frown. "It's not a parlour trick, Greg. Anything I can 'read' from you is something you remember, on some level. Things you have seen, done, felt."
Greg                             "I know, I'm sorry." I whispered as I used my good shoulder to reach behind me to run my fingers through his hair. I looked up at him when he removed his arms from around my neck and spun the chair around, so I was now facing him.
Rosie                           "Uh... What?" I've started to become used to what John calls Lock's 'flare for the dramatic' whatever that is, and his going overboard bout everything.
I click the remote that releases sedative fumes into the Music room. "Sebby, you'll be leaving soon to go get our wayward lamb." I feel his kiss to my cheek while I watch my precious pretty baby cry in his childhood home. In the end it was easy. "Bring back Jaffa Cakes!"
Rosie                          "Mmmm brunch? Nah, it's cool. I'll go someday. What is there to do around here?"
Mycroft                       "Let me hear you..." I whisper breathlessly. "Tell me what you like..." I stroke a hand over his hip.
Greg                      "Let him go Mycroft." I say quietly as I watch him block John's path and knew it would only be John that would get him back downstairs again or just talking again. They just needed space.
Moriarty               "Then get me ready pet." I move to lay on my back with my feet flat on the bed and my knees up. He gets on top of me between my legs and I pull him in for another kiss. "You can touch me baby. It's ok today."
Sherlock                     My head drops, clearly effected by the memory myself, "It took months of therapy and confinement to a specialist hospital for my brother to begin to function once more. I believe his recovery, his emotional recovery, still is not complete."
Sherlock               I've crawled onto the bed next to John at some point, still holding John's hand and watching him, awake but blocking out everything but the heart monitor beeping and John's pulse under my fingers.
Sherlock                   My chuckle is deep, trying to move once more, "Stay here, keep talking. Tell me what's happening. How is Rosie?"
Mycroft                     I grumble. "Dammit. Sherlock needs to know she is here... that she may be involved in this. I have no way to reach him safely..." I put my head in my hands.
Mycroft                       I slide off the couch and kneel in front of him, pushing him slowly onto his back with just the pressure of my lips on his, and moving down to his neck and shoulders, my hands resting on the rug to his sides as he lowers himself back.
Sherlock                   "He said you were to meet her. Alone. Away from here." I avoid his eyes now, shaking my head slightly, "We've only been dating a few months John, though we have been flat-sharing longer of course. You're within your rights to do decide I am not a proper role model for your daughter."
Seb                        I slid my tongue into his mouth as he had done before, and I only pulled back to put lube onto my hand. I massaged his thighs, slowly moving down towards his hole and slowly teasing it open so I could slide one finger in up to the knuckle. It felt odd to be in charge so to speak but I took the chance to mouth around a nipple, blowing on it to give him a different sensation.
John                             Opening the pizza box, I take a piece of pepperoni and put it on a plate and pass it to her. “He can push people. Like make them tell him things. Something like that. It’s good in his line of work.” I take a bite of my slice, before pouring us each a glass of soda.
Greg                      I raised an eyebrow at John's snort and it was the last thing that I'd expected him to do. I imagine he still cared for Mary, her death being hard, but he looked... amused?
Greg                             "Crazy but cute isn't really a description. Has he had an opinion of wanting powerful metas to be in the limelight again? Does Sebastian do all the killing, get his hands dirty?" I ask more angrily where she was then looking over Mycroft and rarely felt jealousy until now. I ignored her question of who we were to glare at her.
John                             By this time I had Greg’s shirt partly open. “Um I don’t know. He come around a bit... but I think we might have to get him to A&E. He’ll need antibiotics.”
Moran                        Dropping down, my breath catches, panting as my gun goes skidding away. Reaching up, I touch my chest, coming away sticky with blood. With a last effort, I pull myself behind the console again, slick fingers scrabbling with my phone, dialing Jim's number.
Sherlock                   "Of course." My gaze goes down to his hands once more, eyes narrowing slightly in a painful jolt in my mind palace, "I believe they are bonding well as father and daughter. She shares many of his traits."
Mycroft                     "We have discussed the limitations." I reply. "He is patient, and seems willing to work within them."
John                      My face falls a bit. He tries to shove more ice in my mouth and I turn away. I swallow hard and try to speak again. “What happened?” I rasp out.
Mycroft                 I nod quietly. "Indeed, though we were made aware of it by my brother. Seems his doctor's strength isn't his only gift. His ability to heal is rather advanced, as well." Knowing that Lestrade is bound by oath to keep such information confidential, as I am, I have no qualms about sharing the information with him.
Mycroft                       "I will be more careful... on all counts... in the future." I smile fondly, as I drive home.
Greg                            "What did you get from her?" I asked as I hunted in the fridge for the milk and then turned my head slightly to where they were both sitting,
Greg                      "Loud and Clear... I'm going to head to Scotland Yard and then home to see what I can dig on Moriarty. Shall I meet you somewhere tomorrow, so we can look over it?" I held up my hands, proposing the idea to him so we could at least be civil.
Mycroft                     I leave the bathroom to find Greg curled up in my bed, and smile, sliding into bed alongside him. I carefully put my arms around him, pulling him close, and nod off.
Sally                            I scoff at his innocence. "Ya. This Country maybe. Not the World. He's not the end all and be all."
Mycroft                     I hear Greg's voice and see Sebastian Moran turn toward Greg, his hand moving under his jacket. I see a flash of steel as he starts to draw his weapon. Before he can take aim, I bring up my own gun and fire. He spins toward me in surprise, his gun slipping from his hand as he grabs his bloody arm.
Greg                      "Yeah?" I looked back at him scrolling through his phone now and I was just taking the hits with everything being flipped upside down at the moment.
Greg                            I froze as he settled close to me and even settled an arm around me, it making me look up at him questioningly as I thought he would have rather have gone to his own bedroom. I hadn't even thought of him having an interest in me and my head started hurting more where I was trying to think.
John                            “Wow, that’s really cool. I write about... well about me and Sherlock. We go on lots of adventures. We help people.”
Greg                            "Can you wait at least a day, so I can get my strength back? I know it’s a lot to ask but I really want to finish this with you. See Moriarty's face when he sees you alive." I dropped my jeans when I heard Mycroft's pleading voice, it going straight to break my heart.
Mycroft                       I look at the photographs more closely. "Either these are extremely accurate replicas, or this person - I can only assume that J.M. is Jim Moriarty - has actually laid hands on the Crown Jewels. I will get hold of the Tower's security footage, to be sure." If Moriarty can circumvent security measures at the Tower of London, we definitely have our work cut out for us.
John                            “Oh fuck... Sherlock. How does this even work? I went to bed in my clothes.” My hips circle and press back into him.
Sherlock                     Reaching up, I tug my hood down, slouching in the chair. My eyes though are sharp, flickering around, glancing at all the usual location for cameras, "I thought I smelled the scent of pompous circumstance."
Greg                             I seemed to take a deep breath when he stroked my back with bare hands, knowing it wasn't skin on skin contact but all the same. I was worried where he was now getting soaked to the bone and didn't want him to read the nightmare where it felt like Seb was still all over me. It was disgusting.
Mycroft                     I let go of his wrist and grab his hips with both hands, thrusting into him roughly as I cum with a quiet groan, my forehead resting on his shoulder blades as I shudder and finally collapse on top of him.
Greg                            I stopped for a moment with the questioning look he gave me, my hands shoving into my pockets to find some gum. "We work together or not at all. That's my only offer." I said a bit more softly than before.
Sherlock                   Nodding, I bend, then attempt to scoop John into my arms, "Then we'll both be as lost as each other in the process."
John                             I stand and step towards him, grabbing his hand. “It’ll be alright. I’ll wait for you here.”
John                             “What? Of course she’s your mother. Or do you mean the pretending bit?”
Mycroft                       Patrick, one of the drivers, brings in one of Greg suitcases, and a bag containing his mail. I thank him, and take the suitcase into Greg's room, leaving it by the bed. Then I walk into my office, where Greg is looking through some CCTV footage, and hand him his mail.
Greg                             "She'll be fine about it, I think, with my flat in pieces. I was having dinner with her anyway when I told her I was going to go check on your mum and grab a few more things from my flat." I explained, trying not to worry about the grip she had on me.
Sherlock                     "It's safe?" There's a trembling in my voice now, a desperation in my eyes. "Safer than street drugs anyway? I can't go back to them, not yet." My voice starts to ramble, my gaze returning to the pill as it's flipped from end to end in my fingers, "I have responsibilities. He'd want me to go on and would hate me returning to cocaine."
Greg                             "Yeah... if you'll have me." I turned my head, so he could see my smiling expression, my face still pale but I was a lot better than I had been yesterday. The doctor had already explained about septicemia because of the bite and that I'd been given antibiotics.
John                      Nodding, I lay back on the pillows, trying to recall more of what had happened. Me meeting back up with Seb and Mary to find Mary shot. Seb’s villainous monologue. I snort and Sherlock and Lestrade look at me.
Greg                            "Yeah, it’s a whole stream of abandoned houses and drug dens around that area. Lets go, now." I scanned the address and was the first out of the door of Bart’s, waving my hand for Mycroft to chuck me the keys as I'd had specialist driving training to get us there quickly without crashing anywhere. It was better than him driving under emotion.
Mycroft                     "That name... it sounds familiar. I believe he used to work downstairs in the file room."
John                            “Sherlock and I? No, we were just friends then.” I shake my head, wondering why I was having this bizarre conversation with her.
Mycroft                       I nod quietly, and motion to Greg to take a seat at the kitchen table. "Greg will remain here, 'supervising' - to ensure your compliance, as far as anyone can see. I will return later this evening to put things in motion."
Greg                             "Yeah, you keep telling yourself that Sherlock. Me and your brother are going to be doing this until the day we die. And you had drugs on you, you were seen hanging around a drug den. And don't pull any undercover crap on me." I growl as I fold my arms and chew on my lip.
Greg                             "Mycroft... Just stop..." I try to say as he heads out the door but it's too late, my hand shutting my door again, so I could lean against it with a sigh. I shut my eyes and knew he was just shutting me out due to his own insecurities. I wasn't going to wallow in self-pity this time.
Mycroft                       "It's as good as done, brother. My assistant will bring her to my flat when I take you to meet your flight." I turn toward the door.
Greg                                    I would agree but I focused mainly on my hand cupping half of his face, kissing him gently at first but then applying more pressure along with small flicks of my tongue along his lip. It seems to shut him up enough, so we could share this little moment.
Sherlock                   Blinking, I pause, then snap, "Think of him as hard as you can." My hands go to my brother’s to try and rip his gloves off him to grasp his bare hands, my barriers down to him for once. The countdown ticks in the corner of my mind...3.20...3.19....
Mycroft                       I hesitate for a moment. "I... do you want me to?" I run my bare hands across his thighs.
Mycroft                     "You may, if you wish, stay here. I thought you might be interested." I huff.
Sharon Price          My head rests on his shoulder, closing my eyes and starting to sob, softer now, "I'm so sorry about your flat."
John                            I turn towards him, taking both his hands now. “I know. We can do this. I’ll come find you. We have to be strong just a bit longer. Can you do that?”
Mycroft                       I continue kissing down him body, pausing to lick and suck at his nipples as he writhes beneath me. Pausing to look up, I see his dark eyes watching me as I inch lower.
Sherlock                   I keep covering John with my body, lifting my chin, "Give it up Moriarty. Even now this place is being stormed by troops. If you surrender, then you'll find yourself treated well."
Mycroft                       "As loath as I am to suggest this, we are going to have to trust my brother." I look up at Greg leaning against the counter. "Tomorrow morning, you will go to work as normal. I will arrive shortly thereafter, and Sherlock and I will argue. I will bail him out and return with him to Baker Street. Keep the test results to yourself - do NOT share them with anyone else in your division. Bring the results to Baker Street in the afternoon."
Sherlock               I sit bolt upright, some of the ice going flying across the bed to land on the floor opposite, before turning and bellowing towards the door, "LESTRADE."
Mycroft                     I look up and see my brother glaring at me. Shaking my head, I let myself in and head up the stairs to 221B. "Hello, brother."
Sherlock                     There's a little jump in my chest...that was it. The proof. I pretend to blow my nose again, nodding and snuffling, pulling my shoulders back and nodding as I hold out the soggy, used tissue back to her, "Th...thank you. That actually helps. You've been...a source of support, one I never expected. I shall try to carry on. For John."
Your sister loves your DI more than Mummy. Oh! You haven't found her yet. Spoilers: mummy won't make you go to boring musicals any more.
Mycroft                       "Then we should do so for them. Have they given you your release instructions? All of your medications?
Sally                            I hold the tissue between one finger and my thumb, putting it in the bin but still smiling none the less. "Good, just head back through here anytime and I'll give you a few tips. I'm surprised Lestrade hasn't supported you more, he thought he was gonna be a dad for a few months. Couldn't wait." I scoffed with a roll of my eyes.
Soon I'm seeing the present layout of Sherrinford, as well as some of the security modifications that have been put in place. Curiously, the shoreline defenses have not been changed. That may be the best weakness to exploit.
Greg                             "Pacing helps me think. And we need to get what's most valuable to Jim and at the moment, that's Sebastian according to Irene and from what we heard from Oliver." I rubbed my face and didn't know all my feelings were swimming around the room for Mycroft as I tried to think about what to do.
Greg                             I felt my heart, throat and jaw clench at the idiocy of this 'Cameron' idiot. He couldn't have been a meta and thought I'd been pretty understanding in that area.
Mycroft                       "I like being in control," I growl into his ear, nipping sharply at his earlobe as he arches under me.
Greg                             "Nope, I’m gonna have to book you in at New Scotland Yard. Change of plan, mate - Scotland Yard, please." I push him back into the seat and speak to the driver myself, handing him an extra tenner into his hand.
John                            “He’s out. If we do wake him, I’m not sure he’ll be much help.” I rub my hand on my thighs and then stand.
Mycroft                     I pull the requested items from my inside coat pocket, and hand them to Sherlock.
Greg                            "She couldn’t get all of the ingredients as some were really complex and she needed more time but basically, it was something that shuts down the cerebrum... basically shuts down all thinking." I sighed as I expertly drove through the back roads and we eventually parked up down the road from the address.
Mycroft                       My stroking slowed for a moment - I'd opened the drawer because I thought Greg was looking for lube. The sight of the toys took me by surprise.
Greg                            "Seems like Jim has more of an obsession with Sherlock from what we've seen. You're just gonna be pushed aside like nothing. You're gonna be the little pet that they just play with and then throw away." I stood back a little with the way the bed was moving but I was grinning more and more.
Moriarty                   I smile. "Wellllll I am the reason she is no longer is trapped in a mental hospital. We do have to keep her sedated but... Win some. Lose some."
Mycroft                     I chuckle. "It's easy to fall into a routine, isn’t it?" I glanced at the clock on the wall. "Normally at this time, I am curled up on the sofa in my study, reading a tawdry romance novel." I blush. "This is a refreshing change of pace.”
Mycroft                     I write down the necessary information for Sherlock to access the Meta Human Office databases and hand the slip of paper to Sherlock. He reviews it, memorizes it, and tosses the slip of paper into the fireplace to dispose of it.
Sherlock                   I'm startled by the attack, falling back and thumping onto the ground on my rear, wincing. The tiny fists do almost nothing to my chest, but I look over at John helplessly, eyes wide and obviously having no idea how to comfort the crying child past raising my hand and awkwardly patting her arm, "Errr... there, there...I'm sure you will soon discover your father is the best and kindest man ever."
Greg                            "Why would he hold Sherlock there? To get back at you maybe for putting Eurus there?" I thought aloud.  It was an interesting phenomenon that I'd only read about. It could help us in the long run, Sherlock sending more messages to John and vice versa.
Seb                        "I’m surprised you hadn't suspected anything but I guess I was just a good enough liar... thank God I don’t have to listen to you and lover boy outside canoodling over the com anymore." I slipped the ear piece out of my ear, reaching down to do the same with Mary's and crushed them both beneath my foot.
Mycroft                     "It is a bit faded... but it looks like maybe a crown? Does that have any known connections for you?"
Greg                             "I’m sure she was proud of you all the same. She must have felt there was a connection between us where I'd split up from my ex-wife." I shook my head and barely noticed the gloves she was wearing while I was scanning the scene where they were securing both the flats. It looked like I was going to be staying with Mycroft a bit longer.
Sherlock                     My usually sure fingers fumble the smoke, before making it into my mouth and leaning in for a light, "That can't be true. Mycroft is the power behind this country."
Rosie                           "Dude. That's so cool. It would suck to be his kid if you wanted to lie or something. Does he have kids?" I was hit by a thought. "Do you have kids??" Duh he has me. "I mean like more kids..."
Greg                      I decided to stay at the scene to sort out Mary and Seb's bodies, my eyes squinting at Seb where he was covered in blood but something and I simply sighed before I had to move on. I waited for the coroner to arrive and I nodded that they could be taken away, getting into a car outside that Anthea had organised to get me to the hospital.
John                            I huff and take a sip of my coffee. It seemed neither of them would understand what I was thinking and feeling. “I hope he isn’t either.”
Mycroft                       I lean up and kiss him tenderly, reaching up tentatively and brushing my hand lightly over his cheek. I gasp a little at the immediate flood of feelings - mostly sexual in nature, of course - and let my hand drift down to his shoulder. Between my own lust and the emotional feedback I am getting from him, I am painfully hard, and grind up against him wantonly.
Sherlock                     Slouching back, I wave a hand, "What would be acceptable? Moriarty will know if I try and pass her off as a spawn of my brother's."
Sherlock                     My face twists in horror at that suggestion, stepping away from him a little and shaking my head, "I would prefer not."
Mycroft                     "She tried to kill him... kill Sherlock. Set fire to the manor. Mummy and Father insisted it was an accident, but Uncle Rudy knew better. He convinced them to send her away."
Mrs. Lipton             I mumbled a curse before answering to him "My twin sister is ill. She is stable at the moment but a few weeks ago she was in danger of passing away."
Mycroft                     "Be my guest. I need to go to Baker Street to speak to my brother. There is a driver at your disposal, should you need to go somewhere."
Greg                             I could feel his breathing getting a little quicker as he the smallest of marks that could be mistaken just for little tan marks. My hips were shifting underneath him where my cock was getting friction from his stomach, my moans becoming half begs just to do something. Even with his mouth rather than his hands.
Mycroft                     I watch as he drives away, then quietly walk to my own car and head home. Time for a nice quiet evening, with my brandy, my book, and my aquarium.
Greg                            I get up with John and point my gun directly at Seb who'd also stepped out from behind the console. I saw him point the weapon and I was then on the floor, my arm feeling like it was burning and all I had registered from being shot was the ringing in my ears afterwards. Sebastian’s non-dominant hand had meant that his accuracy was off, so it hit me in the arm instead of John. I'd not even seen John shoot Sebastian.
Greg                             "Right, okay, don't let anybody else now, just book her in for something minor and I can question her in the morning. Anything, anything minor, just another public disturbance because I don't know who's on what side at the moment." I waved my free hand around as I wrote down details like where they arrested her, whether anybody could have seen etc.
Irene                            "What the HELL did you do to me, you bastard!" I spit out, still breathless.
Mycroft                     "There was someone driving the car, but our victim didn't know who it was. They met Seb on the bridge." I replied, rubbing my hands anxiously with a handkerchief. "Molly would be able to tell you for certain, but I believe his wounds would have been fatal without immediate treatment - the river just expedited things."
Sherlock                   My head slumps into John's hands, breathing steady now and skirting around the edges of waking. My body and head are intact, I just seem to be exhausted and drained.
Greg                            I moan a little as my head is pushed back into the pillows, it frustrating where my other arm is just in a sling itching to touch him. I knew he was being careful not to put pressure on it and I needed to feel him inside me.
Greg                            The salt taste in my mouth wasn't as bad as I had thought it'd be and hummed to keep the ecstasy going for him. I pulled my mouth off him, wiping my lips with the back of my hand and smirked where he was laying back in the pillows with his arm across his eyes.
Greg                            "Greg. And it's nice to meet you, Rosie." I roll my eyes at first but kneel down to her height, smiling and holding out my hand for her to shake.
Sherlock                   Within seconds I'm trying to roll us over, so I end up on top, kissing and nibbling my way down John's now naked body, worshipping at his scars as I go, "I want to suck you. Now."
Moriarty                   "Sebastian Moran! What the fuck is happening??" The rescue team has signaled they are two minutes out. "Help is almost there."
John                            I’m at the Yard, standing in the side room watching Eurus through a two-way window. “Hey, Greg. How’s Mycroft doing?”
Sherlock                     My hands raise, pushing into my eyes till the pain makes spots dance in my vision, snapping, "How can this be happening? How can we be made to look fools by this man?"
Mycroft                     "Yes, I suppose I did...  It gave me quite a scare when he showed up on my doorstep last night..."
I was once told never to accept sweeties from strangers. Maybe once I've had a chance to examine them in a lab...oh wait, I don't have a lab. -SH
Greg                             "Still doesn't make it right and I'm sorry about what happened with Cameron. That wasn't fair for you to be with such a piece of shit." I said honestly, my eyes watching him fiddle with his gloves and I'd happily support him with any therapy or support he's getting
Sherlock                   Maybe this is my brain helping me work through things? Giving me a John to bounce ideas off... though I can't help but think about that touch in the last dream, how it felt so real. Pausing, I then sit down, cross-legged, on what feels like a hard floor but is in reality just mist. "I'm with Moriarty still. We're on some island, somewhere Mycroft kept my sister hidden away. A prison."
Greg                             I knew he meant about what he got from Irene but I also knew it was about jumping him like that, maybe even us and I told Sally that nobody was permitted to disturb us. I had a feeling one of them would have bugged my office, but we had to shut the door and sit down like we didn't know anything.
Rosie                           "Yeah. Sure. What he said. When are we going?" I rush to my jacket on the coat hook but i can't quite reach the hook
Greg                            My eyes dropped in a guilty sigh with how pale his face went, it not meaning to come across angry. "I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have spoken to you like that. Of course, you can’t read my mind." I stepped past him and then heard the front doors open again behind me.
Greg                             "Have you ever had to question somebody? For official purposes?" I asked when we sat down together with cutlery and drinks, the shrimp scampi being a dream meal that I didn't get very often.
Sherlock                   "In harmony." I finish, then snap, "Impossible. Eurus is not here in body or mind."
John                            I grunt a little in response. “I’m sure we will, but I doubt he’ll see my side of things.”
Greg                            I hear everyone breathe a breath of relief when the video feed is shut off and I run a hand through my hair. I stepped behind Mycroft to put my hands on his shoulders, watching him trying to disarm everything around the island. It felt like we were almost there.
Rosie                           "Pop, I do not like that outfit. It's gotta go." I look him up and down. "You even smell bad. Yuck."
John                      “No... the last bit’s still fuzzy.” I let the ice melt in my mouth and swallow.
Mycroft                     "Do you really think they would let him walk away, after..." I wave my hand toward the house.
Greg                             I hauled up Mrs. Price while coughing through the smoke, trying to keep low and I was then covered in the soot as I appeared for paramedics to take her to check her vitals. I knew from their faces that she was gone.  I perched on the pavement so they could also give me some oxygen, but my heart had sunk over my neighbour rather than my flat.
John                             I look across at her, trying to catch her eyes. “Yes... of course I want you. Sherlock and I both want you here with us. And... we hope that you want us too.”
Sherlock                   My hand comes up to rub at my flesh, forcing the smile to stay here it is, "If I asked for cocaine, you would allow it? You would let me waste myself in such things?"
Greg                            "He's finally woken up, thank God. He's just gonna need a bit of sleep before he does anything. What about Eurus?" I said thankfully and ran a hand through my hair, scanning the hospital ward.
Greg                            "Yeah, yeah, I was just going to check in on Seb as well. He's meant to be being transferred to the Yard soon anyway." I didn't like the tone John was using but spoke calmly anyway, hearing a few messages come through on my phone.
Greg                             "That’s still not the fucking point, Mycroft.  What did I talk to you about us working together? Sharing information? Does trust mean fuck all to you?" I then began to shout as we pulled into the yards car park, last night meaning a lot and he'd just crushed all that trust in a few hours.
Greg                            "Well, yeah, I just wanted to know a bit more other that what Mycroft had looked up... why, what’s wrong?" I glanced at Mycroft and then back at John, seeing something was wrong too.
Sherlock                     Dropping the fag end, my foot crunches it out, before I weigh the capsule, holding it up to the light and watching the powder inside drop from end to end through the slightly transparent plastic. "I need to know. Will I still be able to function? I just need to stop thinking about...about him."
Sherlock               "I've had a change of clothes. And a shower." My damp curls lay around my ears and neck, still dripping down my back in places to ruin my shirt, turning it dark in patches. I ignore the comment about food.
Sherlock               I lower the skull into the protective safety of my arms, snapping at the whole room, "I don't see why we need to clean just because a child is coming to stay. It's good for both curiosity and their immune system to be exposed to our flat."
Sherlock                     My eyes widen, looking a little shocked, then dropping into confusion, lips twisting around the words, "Not fragile? What on earth gives you the impression my brother isn't fragile?"
Rosie                           "And that's a good thing...?" I wonder if it's best to ask Lock bout any kids from him. "Charlies got two moms..."
Eurus                         My eyes roll, leaning back, "I want to break him." My voice is cold, emotionless, "I want to break you."
Mycroft                 I glared at Lestrade a little, and with a nod to John, excused myself from the room. Lestrade caught my arm in the corridor, and I turned to listen.
Mycroft                     I am genuinely worried about Greg and John confronting Moran. The man is wounded, slightly unhinged, and desperate - a risky combination in a human, let alone in a meta of his strength. I am sitting in bed reading the paper when Rosie appears in my doorway.
Sharon Price          My eyes are cold as I look down at the older woman lying in her chair. It was quite easy to charm my way into her flat and even easier to push the cloth over her mouth and leave her unconscious and unable to stop me. My lips curve into an almost innocent little smile as I make my way to the kitchen, remembering my directions and fiddling with the stove until it sparks, catching the nearby curtains alight. Moving into the hallway, furthest from the growing fire, I wait, imagining it quickly burning its way through to Lestrade's flat.
Mycroft                       Turning the cards over, I see that the wording is different, but the handwriting is the same. Sherlock's card reads:
Sherlock                   "Father." I automatically correct, then look up from the phone, nodding and dropping it into Rosie's lap in order to reach for the laptop, "How far did he get?"
Mycroft                       "Mr. Campbell said that Penny called a cab to go out last night. What if she didn't? What if she called Moran for a ride?”
Sherlock                   Pushing my chair back, I nod, "Would you like to see? I got the impression most of the complex is inside the island and doesn't have access to the ocean. It must be some weeks since you've felt the breeze?" Moving towards the balcony motion for her to join me.
Greg                            "The Yard talks anyway. I'd just give them a little… show..." I grinned as I pulled back and I slipped off the dressing gown in the doorway, shaking my arse that was only covered in boxers at him to then slip upstairs. We did have a lot to do but it didn't mean we couldn't have a little fun beforehand.
Mycroft                     I take my leave, heading up to the rooftop area where Sherlock keeps their hives.
Sherlock                   Entering my rooms, I head immediately for my bed once more, my face intent. My dream with John... I knew it didn't feel right. The fact John had told me about Lestrade, it all added up. I couldn't have known that before Moriarty told me. Flopping down, my hands drop to my sides, calming my breathing and willing myself to fall into a deep sleep once more.
Mycroft                     The lift comes to a stop on the lower level, and we enter the IT department. Oliver is at his desk, working through a list of security findings that need to be addressed.  He looks up when we walk in.
Mrs. Price                  "Hello Boys... good evening, was it?" I smirked as I saw them both appearing looking as right as rain and I'd never known Gregory to bring men home. I'd mainly seen him take women on dates, it never resulting in what I heard last night.
Greg                            "I... I’m okay... C-c-could have been worse..." I said breathlessly and hugged the blanket around myself, not wanting to get his sofa wet but my head was starting to hurt too much to worry about that now since he'd pushed me onto it.
Greg                             I look up at the stairs that led to Sherlock's room but followed Mycroft, shoving the banana in his hand to eat before we started driving to Scotland yard. I was anxious about Sally seeing me and Mycroft together, but I still walked in the doors with him with confidence.
Greg                             "Yeah, yeah, she's fine with that sort of thing. She can read me like a book." I chuckled and checked my watch to see I'd nearly been gone an hour and a half. I didn’t want Mycroft thinking that I'd been caught up in all this...
Greg                            "Greg. Greg Lestrade. Yeah." I smirked slightly where it was rare that people got my name right. I rubbed her back soothingly, watching the firefighters then going into my flat to assess the damage from the fire they'd put out minutes ago.
Jamie                           The camera aimed at the entrance show off what at first looks like any other junkie but I can tell by the eyes that it's Sherlock Holmes. I nod my minions off and open the door myself. "Well well. It's Sherlock. How are you this fine miserable London day?"
Rosie                          I reach out tentatively for it before I notice what I'm doing. "I would've loved it IF you HAD gotten it for me..."
Greg                             I searched his face and leant in to press my lips against his, unable to say that I was scared about what Seb or Moriarty were going to do. I wanted to hold that strong DI persona and a bad dream would just be a little hiccup along the way that we could deal with.
Sherlock                     My arms and lips find John one last time before we go, holding him tight, "I'll inform my brother we're going. He'll make sure you're safe here. If anyone comes in without giving you the passcode, shoot them."
Greg                            "And what did they speak about? Do you know?" I dropped my hand where he hadn't leant into it, but I smiled when he took it, his skin feeling soft against mine and I tried to keep the calmness in the room.
Sherlock                   "Oh. I solved it!" I look pleased for a moment, before my face crumples, "John! We have to stop it."
Greg                            "That was half about why I wanted to talk to you over coffee, you're right." I said softly and finally finished my coffee to put it down on the table.
Greg                             "Sorry. Ruined your jumper." I nuzzled my face into his neck under the hot water and I couldn't even speak about the dream so part of me wanted him to read me. Just to understand to support me. To keep telling me it was a dream. Wasn't real.
Greg                            I wasn't really worried about my own pleasure and I kept stroking him while I kissed the skin around his neck, shoulders and a bit of his chest. I had to drop my bad arm with where it was getting sore and I had Mycroft’s eyes back on me when I did.
Greg                      I shut my eyes for a moment to count to 10, it being the one thing that we'd not really thought about. Seb had betrayed the both of them and then tried to kill them. I held my hand in my hair, "Fuck..." I whispered, and I tried to think of what we could do next.
Eurus                         My eyes roll, "You always were an utter drama queen, big brother." My feet kick up and down, stifling a yawn behind my hand, "If you know I touched your precious DI, you know I've seen you coming here also. No need to waste your acting talent on such a big reveal."
Greg                             "I don't know. I'm just… feeling things that I've never felt before like. Like I can feel a little of what you're feeling or it's just an aura around you. Sounds really cheesy but it's the best way I can describe it." I ran a hand through my hair and stumbled over my words a little.
Moran                        My own voice rises, sounding amused now, "I bet right now Jim is breaking his mind to be the perfect little slave for us both. Once we harness that brain for our cause, we'll soon be taking over. Of course, you don't see that Watson. I can't wait to see Sherlock's face when I tell him you died... again."
Sherlock                   In the living room of 221B I'm hunched over my laptop, fingers flying over it, a scowl on my face, not even looking up for anyone or anything
Sherlock                   "No." I jerk in my seat a little, reaching a hand towards him, "Don't put me back in that bedroom yet. I... I..." my throat works hard, the words coming out slightly bitten off, ashamed, "… I was lonely. I am lonely. You're the first person I've spoken to who understands."
Greg                             "I don't think I can wait 10 minutes. Maybe you could suck me here… I could return the favour at your place... maybe even defile that expensive rug of yours again with how much I pound my cock into that pretty little arse of yours." I run my fingers through his hair and bite down a little more than I meant to on his neck to get some sort of noise out of him.
Greg                            "Nice to meet you Sharon. I’m sorry it’s under these circumstances.  Your mum always talked about you whenever I saw her." I smiled and shook her hand, keeping my own blanket around my shoulders loosely as I really didn’t care at this point about getting wet.
Greg                            I watch him spread lube over his fingers before I dropped my head to the desk and rolled my hips back against his fingers. He knew I could take two at first now, my hands in front of me as I held onto the edge of the desk. I'd never done this before, so it was exciting to me.
Sherlock               My look turns openly hostile as soon as my eyes fall on Mycroft, shifting as if to shield him
Greg                             "I’m fine, I’m fine… Just a little tired..." I waved it off, now moving to sit on the sofa properly, my heart starting to beat a little quicker now, but I just took a couple deep breaths.
Mycroft                     I nod. "Yes. Our powers have no overlap. But perhaps if we were to work together..."
Mycroft                       "I assure you, you won't like this much, either., Miss Adler." I placed my bare hand on the back of her neck and try to direct my focus on the information we need, quickly brushing aside the emotional interference.
Jamie                           I put my hand on his shoulder and can feel him trembling. "Who is he? Why does he matter?"
Greg                             "Fuck me... harder, please..." I breath out against his neck as he skims his lip over my collarbone and I want nothing more than to touch him. Feel every curve while he reads me, my hips testing movements and I hissed when a shift made Mycroft stretching me out burn a little.
John                            “No. it’s ok.” I grab a tea towel and start mopping up the milk. “It’s just a little milk.”
Greg                             "I know only a little about metas so that's probably wise and yeah, he hasn't seemed himself when I've seen him. But that could be just his front he's putting up for Moriarty." I sighed as I got up, still talking through the bathroom door as I turned the shower on and started stripping.
Greg                            "Hey, you're lucky I'm here at all with this for you. Little appreciation wouldn't go amiss." I snarled almost, and it was only because I was too exhausted to put up with Sherlock today. I wiped my face with both hands when he texted away, wondering whether it was worth going back to work like this.
Mycroft                     I draw lazy circle on his chest, the sweatshirt he is wearing the only thing between my skin and his. "And if we're not working?" I ask quietly, a glimmer of hope in my voice.
Greg                            "Okay... did the doctors tell you could go home?" I folded my arms and even though it was a relief to me, I didn’t have the medical training that the doctors or John would. I didn’t know if we were okay with John really so didn’t want to stress him out even more.
Greg                            I had watched with concern with the way he was shutting his eyes and nearly jumped when he gasped to pull his hand away. "Was there anyone else with him? He must have drowned in the water rather than from the injury in the robbery." I said softly and thought there must be CCTV. Witnesses.
Greg                            I sat him down on the dry grass under a tree, keeping the shock blanket around him and didn't know what to say where I was sharing his grief. I wrapped my arms around him when he put his head into my neck and I know they'd found their father with the way people were running in and out.
Mycroft                     "That... was a mistake. One that I will not repeat." I say quietly, unable to meet Sherlock's gaze.
Mycroft                     "Speaking of John's daughter... we may need to keep a close eye on her, as well. If the connection between her and John is made..."
Sharon Price             "I just feel so bad now." My hand tries to grasp one of his for comfort, "We had drifted apart a little these last few years. I... I got divorced and I think she missed having my husband around. Often I think she treated you as her son-in-law to make up for it." I manage a shaky smile with my words, standing and watching them try and work on the building to secure it
Sherlock                   I glare over from the direction of the hives, replacing the lid where I had been showing Rosie the honeycombs
Mycroft                     "This... this is my brother's phone." My voice quivers. I unlock the phone and read through the text messages. I look up at Greg hopelessly. "They have him... dear god, they have him..."
Greg                      "I'm guessing you know something that I don't?" I raised an eyebrow and I was the head of a team of Meta Human police officers who, like me, had to keep their powers under wraps to comply with the government's regulations.
John                            “Just be careful.” I lean back into him more, resting my whole body up against his.
Mycroft                       My hands now bare, I lightly cup his face and kiss him, my tongue gentle against his lips as they part for me. The emotional thrill nearly takes my breath away. I reach blindly for the bedstand drawer, pulling out a small bottle of lube and pressing it into his hand.
Greg                             I make a couple phone calls to off duty police officers that I knew I could trust, my phone also texting Sherlock that I needed him to get files/evidence from my office along with maybe distracting Sally. I sat back in the comfortable chair and I was asleep again when Mycroft knocked on the door to tell me about dinner.
Mycroft                     "Sherrinford is where my sister was housed, before..." I mumble. "You say you dreamed Sherlock was there?"
Mycroft                     I am just waking from a pleasant nap when Greg returns to the room, two glasses of water in his hands. "Thank you," I smile, taking one. "Did you rest well?"
Sherlock                     Nodding, I lean into the door, taking a long drag and blowing it out, before nodding, "What would you...friend, want in return? Just to meet me?"
Sherlock                   I continue to frown, then give a tiny nod, moving to the door, "We shall be right behind you."
Mycroft                     "I believe most things you hear in the rumor mill are untrue." I continue to laugh. "Besides, I don't think you're Luke's type."
Mycroft                     "I will need to get you clearance from Anthea... shouldn't take long. You will have access to everything I have access to, when she agrees." I pull out my phone to contact Anthea directly. "One moment, brother..." I leave him in the living room and walk into the kitchen. My discussion with Anthea gets rather heated, but in the end, she agrees to temporary clearance for Sherlock.
Mycroft                     Of course, the first thing I can 'see' is our more recent activities... I blush a bit and push those memories aside, in search of his memory of the accident. I can see the plate number in the mirror, and read it aloud, hoping he is writing it down as I do so. I watch helplessly as the other car closes the distance between them, then pulls partly alongside Greg's car, turning hard into it, causing it to spin on the wet road... the adrenaline rush as Greg tries to correct, to avoid hitting the ditch... then a moment of blackness. A pressure on Greg's carotid artery, a voice grumbling, "He's alive... maybe they'll back off..." then silence. I pull my hand back. "You were knocked unconscious in the accident... they know you're alive, though."
Sherlock                     "You know it needs to be done." My shoulders slump a little, even as my soldier stands taller. "You have to take Rosie and go with Mycroft and Lestrade. They'll be better able to protect you both while I infiltrate Moriarty's ranks."
Rosie                           "K. You don't gotta be all snappy." Drama much. He's worse than the girls at my old school.
Sherlock                   I start to grow agitated, snapping at my brother, "Your priority is to take down and destroy Moriarty."
Sherlock               John is rushed into surgery to try and repair his shoulder and examine his head wound. I battle the doctors and nurses who seem to wish me to stay outside, spitting off deductions about them. Finally, I'm told I can go to the viewing window and watch, outside the sterile room, clutching the sill as I watch them working on him
Greg                            "No...no, no, we can do that later or tomorrow at least. You need to rest with what you did with Eurus." I push him back down with a stern look, knowing we could make her wait as I was sure she was pretty out of it as much as her brother was.
Greg                            "You’re so bloody gorgeous.. I.." I kept his eye and wanted to say that I loved him, but he cut me off when he started pushing into me with his cock. I moaned loudly, not caring if John was in the house and could hear where I'd nearly lost my life and didn't want to be apart from Mycroft again.
Greg                      I breathe out with a sigh and wondered why I even worried about the kid, my smile soft to Mrs. Hudson trying to clean the skull. I then felt Mycroft step up behind me, so I instinctively went to the sofa to sit beside John.
Greg                             "I know but it shouldn't hopefully be for too much longer." I said softly with my arms folding, surprised he'd not said anything about my attitude lately or even the stuff with Mycroft.
Mycroft                     I desperately want to take off his shirt, to touch and taste every inch of his broad chest. Instead, I curl my fingers into his shirt, and bite out a frustrated groan,
Moriarty                   "Why? He's nice. He tells me all the cool stuff and the bees love him." I pull the cover over myself a bit.
Seb                              "I've eliminated three already today and only have one more but I'm saving the best for last." I wrapped my arms around Jim's waist and just needed the rest of the day to really execute the last murder for the sweet little DI to find.
Mycroft                       "Were you able to get any more information?" My tone was all business.
Sherlock                   "But you give me an excuse!" I seem shocked, almost scandalised, "I can blame my emotional outbursts on your little talent, as well as doing the right thing once in a while."
Greg                            I had made my way through most of the rain and it was only when I came to more of a back road that I noticed the car behind me driving particularly close to my back end. I looked in my mirror, unable to see the driver and when we got to a corner, I swore as the car behind me clipped the back of me and sent me spinning into the wooded areas. When I finally stopped, I found I'd just had a small cut on my head and I wasn't trapped at all.
Greg                             "No, we've got shit to do and you need to tell me in detail what you got from Rowan." I say after a moment of thought and it wasn't good for either of us if we just sulked in our corners, not talking to one another.
Sally                            "No, no, you're not Sherlock. You're great with her with what I've seen today, and you can teach her a lot. And maybe deep, deep down below all that deduction shit, you can care for her. Like you've got a heart." I insist and hand him a fresh tissue from my pocket where I always keep them. It seemed genuine enough.
Greg                      I breathed out in relief when I saw the nurse talking to John, taking his tube out and I was left with the boys when she rushed off to grab some ice chips. I know his throat would be sore and I didn’t know whether to leave them to have a minute as a couple.
Greg                            "I'll just finish this and then I'll join you." I smiled slightly where he was kissing the side of my neck and I just needed a moment by myself to work out what I was going to do about living. Clothes, all my items that are now destroyed and the insurance.
John                            “Hey, sorry to interrupt. Anthea just picked up Rosie.” I say stepping into the room.
Sharon Price             A medic comes over and drapes a shock blanket over my trembling shoulders, trying to get me to go to hospital too. Shaking my head, I lean in closer to Greg, "I'm… fine. Please, I can't face it yet. Not knowing she's not... not coming back."
Greg                            I felt him shiver and kept playing with his hair, my tongue teasing around his lips and I could taste the tea but also what alcohol he'd been drinking before I showed up. I noticed his hand unscrunching from the sweatshirt and then our eyes met in the low-lit room of his spare room.
Sherlock                   "John...." My voice is faint, distant and filled with a rare emotion of longing and sadness
Mycroft                       I pull Greg onto my lap, so he is straddling my thighs. His lips never leave mine, and I can feel the small smile on them as his hands start working at my tie
Sherlock                     My face suddenly slides into a sunny, eager look, "Ah Lestrade. Perfect. Just the man I wanted to see."
Greg                            "Big switch... Let’s do it." I grabbed my own jacket and mainly let Mycroft lead the way but still put on a posture that seemed of authority. We stood quietly in the lift, my eyes scanning the floor we stopped on.
Rosie                           "K" I turn off my music and text Charlie that I'll be back later before I go down stairs.
Greg                             I held out my hands for him to join me on the floor, it not going to be the most comfortable but thankfully Mycroft had a soft rug that I didn’t think he would mind possibly ruining. I shuffled back once our clothes had been chucked out of the way and gave him the option of being on top so he could control how much he touched me.
Sherlock                   "Ok." My voice sounds a little small for some reason, shocked and shaken.
Mycroft                     "Her mother left without warning in the middle of the night and was killed. Her cousin - with whom she was left during Mary's absence - has all but put her on the street. She is likely feeling quite abandoned."
Greg                            "Yeah and you can direct my hand, if you'd like. Direct my mouth." I said in a husky voice and I can feel my gut twisting as I wrapped my hand around him. I got a groan in return, eyes rolling into the back of his head.
Sherlock               My face swings around, showing my teeth as I snarl, "He is aware. He died twice because I let go of his hand."
I hear the infamous Sherlock Holmes shouting for me and at first, I just thought he was being dramatic but then John's monitors went off the scale. I rushed in and did the same as Sherlock, calming him down and placing a towel under his chin so I could take the tube out where he seemed to be breathing normally again.
Mycroft                     "I wish I could explain what it feels like... you'd better understand my reaction." I reply. "Well, I should let you get home. Can I see you again sometime? Personally, not professionally?" I ask hopefully
Greg                             "I don't know. When we were having sex last night, something changed. Something happened and I don't understand why." I said carefully and didn't want to freak him out at all.
John                             “Good.” I smile across at her. “Do you want any more pizza or soda?”
Greg                            "Look… I’m not one to use it out of spite or to gain something from you, okay? I’m not that sort of person and I thought you knew that. I understand the guarding part, but you've got to let people in... not just assume the worst all the time." I said more lightly and gave him a softer look.
Mycroft                       "He shouldn't have said anything to you..." I say quietly. It was apparent that Greg had no idea of Sherlock's visit to my office.
John                            “Yeah, yeah. Sure. Well if you really think Sherlock’s at this Sherrinford place. What do we do?”
Mycroft                       "If it will convince you to get some rest, yes." I kick off my shoes and lie next to him, pulling him close.
John                             “But you fucking did! I’m not talking about this morning. Mycroft knew what was going on then. Last night-you-didn’t...You know what? What-the-fuck-ever! You’re not listening to what I have to say.... just worried about being a good little soldier boy for Mycroft.” I throw my hands up heading for the hallway. “You let me know when I’m needed, yeah?” I storm into the bedroom, slamming the door.
Mycroft                       "I know what it does to you." I say softly. "I would recover eventually." I take a deep breath. "Thank you.
Mycroft                     "No need for apologies. But now, perhaps, you can understand why I avoid physical contact." Our eyes meet. "You said that was half of your reason for coffee... what is the rest?"
John                            “Thank you for your help with this Mycroft. This is all kind of surreal.”
Greg                            "I… haven't really gotten this far with a man before." I say quietly, sitting back on my knees and thought he was going to laugh at me or something along those lines with the way he sat up on his elbows to look at me properly.
Greg                            "We're not here to fuck around Eurus... you're done. Where is Sherlock?" I stepped forward again when she stood up and I tried my best to keep Mycroft out of this for a moment as I knew it would rile me up. I barely had time to react to her somehow getting my gun on the floor, her arm around my neck and then a knife at my neck.
Rosie                           "Yeah. Papa is a consulting detective. He solves ALL the things you can't. He's the best. Ever.  But he's so sad. He won't talk ‘bout why... Do you know why?"
Mycroft                 "I suggest focusing your search on Moran. I have a feeling that Moriarty will be too difficult to find otherwise.  Moran is not highly intelligent, but his abilities make him a formidable foe.”
Sherlock                     "You'll be with Rosie." I seem to have no hesitation in leaning in for a fuller kiss, "You have to be with her at Mycroft's house to stop him corrupting her. You'll have fun. You'll bond with her. Then when it's time, you can come and help me destroy Moran and Moriarty." I finish with a wide, simple little smile.
John                            “Alright. Hurry up. I’ll go put on some coffee.” I head down stairs to the kitchen.
John                             “I’ve got some paracetamol here for you. Do you think you can swallow it down?” I ask holding out the glass of water.
John                            “Maybe we should wait for the unit to reach us. After they’ve cleared the whole complex.” I look between Mycroft and Sherlock.
Greg                      "Uh, yeah, they're in the morgue I think. I didn’t follow them into the hospital though. I've just been focusing on John and Sherlock." I looked up at him and then had the thought of Seb's family if he had any, Mary's if she had any.
Mycroft                       I wake to find that Greg has already gotten up. I get dressed and sleepily head to my office to find him on his laptop. I walk behind him and put my arms around him, nuzzling against his neck. "Back to work, I see..."
Sherlock                     My hand folds up over the pill again, pushing it back inside my hoodie and spreading my arms with a smug smile, "I'm sure I could get one of those things from a friendly doctor. Now, if that's all, I'll be heading off." Turning, I try to start off again
Mycroft                       My desk phone rings - my receptionist, nervously telling me that my brother is waiting outside, insisting on seeing me immediately. "Send him in, Katherine. And I am not to be disturbed while he is here." A few seconds later, Sherlock came into my office, flopping into a chair and staring at me.  "What do you want, brother?" I ask tiredly.
Mycroft                       "And collapsing at my desk will not help." I say quietly, sitting his on the edge of the bed.
Irene                           "Wha... " My whole body freezes, my back arching off the back of the chair. My head felt like it was floating and I felt like I was outside of my body. "What... are... you... do..."
Seb                        "I’m afraid I’m going to have to... can’t risk you surviving and then blabbing to everyone. That would be stupid of me so... toodle-oo!" I playfully pout and shout as I press the button on my way out, my ears ringing as it went off, but I managed to get to safe-ish distance where only small bits of rubble had hit me.
Greg                            "I don't use it as much as you think and it's a bit of a shit power really compared to Sherlock’s or John's, let’s say." I shake my head, keeping my mug in my hands where it was warm.
Greg                             I moan into the kiss, using my now freed hands to sweep down from his shoulders down to his arse to squeeze in my hands as he continued with his slow, teasing thrusts. I felt so full and with him touching me, I didn’t even have the want to take the control from him.
Sherlock                   My nod is firm, "Good enough. I don't wish for you to risk yourself or others." My gaze follows the boat, tracking its path and noting it stays well away from the island, "Is there any way you can... contaminate the food for the guards or those you know are loyal to Moriarty? Nothing too bad, just enough to weaken them for a day or two?"
Mycroft                     "We should go back to mine... but perhaps with a stop along the way..." I purred as his hand inched up my thigh.
Sherlock                     My feet shuffle, jitters starting to calm though as I exhale a long draw of smoke, before flicking the ash onto the floor besides us, "Who are you?"
Greg                            My heart is in my throat as I watch his lips skim down my skin and he traces over old wounds that I'd gotten from stabbings, cuts and then marks from general scrapes and bruises. My good hand rubbed his shoulder, seeing his brain working through something.
Mycroft                     I pull out of him with a whimper, cleaning us both up with some tissue before we both fumble to get our clothes back in place. As he buttons up his trousers, I put my arms around his neck and kiss him softly.
Sherlock                   My face is mildly curious now, then I roll my eyes, "I suppose she is utterly loyal to you as you hold the key to her sister's recovery?"
Sherlock                     "They work on metas?" My look is unimpressed as he boasts, until he gets to the last capsule, my eyes lighting and staring at it's small, creamy shape greedily
Mycroft                 I stare out the window as we arrive at the clinic, just a few minutes behind the ambulance. "Next time, just ask." I say a bit coldly. "Now, to check in on my brother and his doctor." I climb out of the car as the driver opens it, walking quickly inside. I walk into the room where Dr. Watson lay, Sherlock already lecturing and annoying the nursing staff on his doctor's behalf. "Sherlock, let them work, brother..." I say calmly.
Mycroft                 With a sudden movement, I smacked his hand off my arm. "What about this Moriarty person? Did he get any more information?”
Greg                            I couldn't do a lot with one arm but still teased my tongue around his lips, slipping in when he finally opened his mouth. I could taste the coffee he'd had earlier, and I smirked against his mouth as he moved on top of me to straddle me.
Greg                            "You’re not sure." I whispered as my hand fidgeted and I held it back, scanning his face and wanted him to be calm. Comfortable almost.
Moriarty                   I call off the rescue team since there's no one there I want save. The words of a song my mother sang start playing in my mind...
Greg                            "Now we look into the number plate of the other car we have from the bank robbery… look into gang tattoos to see if any of them match the one we have and then looking over Molly’s report again to see if anything jumps out." I said as I then logged into the police database where I could check the number plates and I wasn't certainly going to sit around and wait.
Mycroft                     I chuckle darkly and thrust a little harder, grip his wrist a little tighter. He squirms deliciously under me. I reach underneath him and grasp his cock, stroking him frustratingly slowly as I keep up my rough and fast pace.
Sally                            His misplaced loyalty to his brother is starting to aggravate me to no end. "Look. Mycroft may be powerful but he's not as Almighty as he likes to believe. If England were to fall, not saying she will just saying IF, he'd have nothing. Be nothing."
Sherlock                   I flop back down in my chair, my voice a low whine, "If you're not here to invite me to another meta murder scene Lestrade, I shall be most put out."
John                            “His mind was too broken. He would’ve never been fit for society.” I reach out to take his hand.
Mycroft                       I frowned at the bite mark on his shoulder - I hadn't mean to draw blood, but he certainly seemed to like it. I turned my attention to his other shoulder, nipping (though not quite as hard) and sucking as I thrust roughly into him, the sound of skin on skin punctuated by our grunts and groans filling the room.
John                            His voice is whispered and far away and I wake with a start, in Mycroft’s guest bed. I dart up quickly gasping. The sheets and my clothes are soaked with sweat. I realize that my jeans and pants are filled with the remains of my dream... my connection with Sherlock. I still wasn’t completely convinced that it was real. I peel myself out of bed and waddle into the attached bathroom, stripping my clothes off. Pulling my shirt over my head, I feel a sharp pain in my neck, so I turn to look at myself in the mirror. There, on the side of my neck was a deep purple mark with the hint of teeth. Right where Sherlock has left it. It was real. IT WAS REAL. I turn the taps onto the shower and take the fastest shower I had taken in years. I dressed just as fast and was soon pounding on the door to Mycroft’s master suite. “Mycroft! Greg! It’s real! The connection! I know how to get to him!!”
Greg                            "I know and it might be an absolute shit storm right now but I am trying my best to get that for you." I finished off my bottle and got up to think about sleep. It would be weird without having Mycroft there beside me.
Mycroft                     I could feel the anger coursing through Greg, and put a hand on his shoulder, trying to calm him. "Where is my sister?" I ask Seb coldly.
Mycroft                       "Seems that fall into the mud by the Thames sparked an infection. At Baker Street last night, you collapsed, and when John realized how feverish you were, he recommended getting you to hospital. Sherlock and I brought you here."
Sherlock                   My head hits the pillow hard, the phone falling from my hand to bounce on the carpet.
Sherlock                   The tea cup clatters as it enters the sink, my voice gruff, "I spoke to Lestrade."
Mycroft                     "I never have been one for tropical locales." I smile back. "But perhaps you can change my mind some time." I curled up against him.
Greg                            "For me... why for me? I thought you were working with Moriarty. What did he do to upset you?" I asked softly and kept my tone steady, feeling the small bead of blood drip down my neck and I was getting mainly fear from Mycroft now along with a hint of anger.
Mycroft                       I smooth my hands over his well-muscled back, stroking down to the firm globes of his arse, massaging them. I lean forward to purr against the nape of his neck, licking a wet stripe down along his shoulder blades, following it with soft kisses, as I rub my dick between his cheeks with a groan.
John                            Flicking the kettle on, I give a small smile towards the living room. “Yeah he is. It was a shock to us both. But I think we’ll figure it out. Tea?”
Mycroft                       "Anthea will notify me if anything happens that we need to know about." I smile and lean in to gently kiss his lips.
Sherlock               I scrabble for the ice chips, slipping one between his lips, "That explains the gun wound in your shoulder. He must have planted a fake body at the scene and escaped." My voice is calm once more, focused now. "Lestrade, my brother needs to know this. We need armed guards here."
Greg                             I feel the calm wash over me again when he barely brushed my face and I hoped the feedback I was giving him wasn’t too much. I can physically feel my blood warming, my lips having to pull away for air, but I moved down to kneel between his legs, so I could at least strip my jeans and pull Mycroft's down more.
Seb                              "I found a tree that's about to be cut down and put him inside to suffocate and to be eaten by insects without leaving a trace. Is that a good enough death, Jimmy?" I grinned up at him and just speaking to Greg was what drove me to kill Olly and not just because Jim told me to.
Greg                            "No, no, come on..." I whisper as I try to steer him out of the room but the best I can do is to collapse to the floor with him. It felt like someone was physically stabbing my heart with the pain he felt, knowing it wouldn't just be his mother that would be dead. It would probably be everybody in the house.
Greg                            "So the warehouse. The medicine, what’s that about Seb?" I hissed with what they'd given Sherlock, not knowing what the hell else had been put on the streets. What weak metas had died through this.
Mycroft                       I clear my throat loudly and take the seat next to Greg. I can already tell I do not like this woman.
Mycroft                       "Hopefully, they will release you this afternoon. I am sure they want to have you finish this course of antibiotics first." I say, tapping on the half-empty IV bag hanging by the bed. I give his hand a squeeze and stand up. "Now, if you can manage on your own for a couple of hours, I need to stop by my office to pick up some paperwork and get my messages, then ensure that my home is ready for your arrival. Get some rest."
Mycroft                     My vision starts to dim, and my knees finally give out. I crumble to the floor beside my sister, my hand still weakly gripping her wrist.
Greg                            "I guess the more you're with someone, the more you have those little touches, the more your body gets used to it. Maybe you just need someone that will wait until your body adjusts." I shrug as a thought and stood up for a moment to put our take-out boxes back into the bag.
Sherlock                   I shoot Mycroft a smug little grin before sweeping into the room after the two men, glancing around, "We just need a clear path to get someone in who knows what they're doing."
Mycroft                       My face flushes with embarrassment as I lie naked beneath him as he looks me over hungrily.
Greg                             "Why?" I asked in a blunt tone and it made me think back to the text message that sherlock had sent to me about Mycroft making his own plans. Doing things by himself and I frowned at my tea where I'd put too much milk in from anger.
Moran                        I cry out in pain, the smirk wiped from my face, before panting, eyes burning even more with hatred, "That's simple. She was given a mission and fucked up. Jim let her make it up to him though."
Greg                            "She gave me a number, don't know whether we can trace it or not, is probably just gonna be a burn phone anyway. And I'm fine, Sherlock doesn't need to worry about my safety with the shit he's in." I take another long drag and blow it out through my nose, feeling his arm around me tighten.
Sherlock                   Nuzzling his neck, my voice is a little muffled, "I have to show you Sherrinford."
Mycroft                       I look at him in surprise as he leans into me when the movie begins. I tentatively put my arm around him, running my hand softly over his back.
Greg                             I had woken up around 8am to my alarm to find Mycroft still asleep, it making me smile where he was out for the count. I still felt the effects of last night but I made my way downstairs to make breakfast anyway, searching around his kitchen for a tray so I could bring it up to him.
Dave the Druggist       The neighbourhood is run down, a few scattered shops among empty, boarded up houses. The alley in which Greg parks is filled with rubbish and what seems to be the night haunts of those without homes, judging by the mattresses and boxes around. A distance away is the main road, the address that was on the phone a Polish deli at the front which seems to be closed today. The shutters are down. Around the back though is a rather suspiciously heavy-duty door
Greg                            I come back to find myself crying as I now try to cup his face, half kissing him and I can just feel slumped on top of me. I felt him push up on his arms to look at me and he was the first to say those three words where I'd been overcome by emotions that he'd felt all those years ago as a child. I'd always been told that I had been an empathic and taking on other’s emotions when I shouldn't have.
Greg                            "Do you think we can really be that quiet? Didn’t you soundproof this office for that reason?" I said breathlessly as my head bangs against the wall, my hands blindly grabbing onto him as his voice makes my legs feel like jelly.
Greg                      "No... no, you have to try." I start to say to the doctors when they started cleaning up and I was just staring with Sherlock at John's body. They'd only just gotten him into surgery and had barely done anything.
Greg                            "How bad was the shot wound?" I asked as he kept me close and I knew he could feel the adrenaline running through me where I'd been preparing to shoot Seb myself. Thank God Mycroft had had a weapon on him.
John                            “So, Mary’s been living with her? In New York?” I ask trying to settle in again.
Mycroft                     "No need for the jealousy, dear." I pat his hand softly. "There have been occasions where my office at Diogenes is a more private place to meet than my office at work. A place where I can be assured that no one will overhear a classified conversation."
Mycroft                 "Yes. A bit disconcerting, when one recognizes the pressure." I smiled slightly. "Not something I suggest repeating, by the way."
Greg                             "I'm not fooling around Sherlock. I slipped in the bloody mud." I scolded where it had hit my shoulder and I was now freezing my arse off. I got help up by Sally, my hands trying to wipe my coat to at least try to salvage it.
Mycroft                     I look at him carefully, now understanding the odd feeling I'd been having. "She's dead, isn't she..." I ask quietly, pulling him close.
Greg                            "I’m usually not home for another hour so this is also a change of pace for me. Cheers." I smirked as I leant forward to pick up my mug of wine, holding it out jokingly so he could tap it. I didn’t forget about the fact that he admitted reading romance novels either.
Greg                             "Just a bit... but you know I still care about you." I smiled softly up at him and rested my IV'ed hand on his gloved one, it still surprising where I thought he had hated me for shouting at him. I only shouted at him because I thought he didn’t trust me.
Sherlock                   "Training?" My lips turn up in a little smirk, "I know I'm Moran's replacement but don't expect me to be a pet, Moriarty. You know I'm not built to be like that."
Rosie                           "Do you guys got Doctor Who?" John laughs a bit then leads me to the sofa and grabs a Doctor Who Box Set so we can watch the New Who from the beginning. "Don’t forget 9!" we both say at the same time. Yeah, maybe this'll be pretty cool.
Seb                        I can feel him shuddering underneath my hand as I continued to stroke him, my own thighs trembling where I was close but wanted him to come first. I flicked my thumb a couple times around his head and then felt his warm cum over my hand as his orgasm ripped through him. It was glorious with the way he dug his nails into my head and shouted my name.
Rosie                           "Umm... Hi?" I kinda give him a hi wave. I don't know what else to say.
Moriarty                   "It's the sameness of it all. You'll get used to it." That should be a good project to entertain him a while. "Maybe I'll let you explore the common rooms when you've settled a bit. There's a few here that are dying to meet you. And a few who've died before they could. Meh. Whatever."
Greg                            I sigh at the friction he makes between our hips and never took my eyes off his. The sound he made was gorgeous, him sounding like a cat purring and even the smallest of moans mixed in with it.
Mycroft                     "I'm sure we could all use some rest." I stifle a yawn and look up to see Greg looking at me through narrowed eyes.
Mycroft                     I lead the way to my private office, and I motion silently for Greg to enter. I close the door behind us, quietly flipping the lock.
Sherlock                   The bedroom door flies open with a crash. I stalk back into the flat, dressed once more in a suit, adjusting the cuffs as I snap, "....and you can stay here and guard yourself and Rosie while I go and settle this once and for all John."
Greg                            "Yeah, she's a sweet little thing. Has John's temper I imagine." I smiled for a moment and fiddled with my phone in my pocket, my heart pounding in my chest. I wanted to get away from him to the crime scene just so I wasn't subconsciously thinking about pushing him.
Greg                             "Uh... yeah, yeah, kinda. It’s a bit new really." I sighed, not thinking really that she had been coming onto me and didn’t think it was the time nor the place. I didn’t give anything away about Mycroft either just with everything about Moriarty going on.
Greg                            "Well I'm just a bit shocked because Luke is a fucking idiot if I ever met one." I said and guessed he'd just met one of them, shakes their hand or something. I go to put my hand over his but stop where it would be skin-on-skin contact.
Mycroft                     My temper flares as she presses the flat of the blade against Greg's throat threateningly. "Leave. Him. Alone. Eurus." I bite out.
Mycroft                     "I didn't mean for it to come out that way. My apologies if that is the impression I gave you. I tend to be more aware of others' abilities than most, that's all - I have no way of knowing if their use is accidental or deliberate. I'm sure you can imagine, in my line of work, I would need to guard against such influences." I can remember someone using such an ability against me in the past - had I not been aware of it then, things would have ended badly for that particular military leader.
Mycroft                       The slow pace is driving him mad, but it feels so, so good. The familiar curl of heat and passion in my groin encourages me to chase my own pleasure, and I thrust a little harder, a little faster, my lips locked tightly to his as we grunt and groan together.
Greg                      "No. We didn't, I didn't think it was worth John getting worked up over." I said softly and met his eye, wondering why the hell he was so touchy.
Sherlock               "NURSE!" I yell, leaping up and hammering the call button, my hands then flying to John's shoulders, "Calm down. You're vented. They didn't expect you to wake up so soon. Someone will come and clear your throat."
Greg                            "Seems faded like one but she's not sure. She briefly looked at a piece of his skin under the microscope and it’s not the same substance as tattoo ink." I waved as I was still trying to work out Molly’s words, reading from my phone
Greg                             "Sure... what did you have in mind?" I asked as I started putting water in the sink to wash them up when Mycroft switched the tap off. I raised an eyebrow, thinking I'd relaxed enough with recovery and needed to think about questions for tomorrow.
Greg                            "Do you do this often in your office, Mr. Holmes?" I raised an eyebrow as I leant against the now locked door, seeing his eyes raking over me like I was his prey and he'd just cornered me to devour me. It turned me on even more.
Sherlock                   My eyes flicker suspiciously around, waiting for maybe a poisoned dart, or maybe a drugged cup of tea, before starting to follow Moriarty with a docile, passive slant to my shoulders, "Walk? Walk where?"
Moriarty                   "She's just that good. Now, I'll escort you back.to your room and food will be delivered soon. Being an evil genius is very time consuming."
John                            I let out a hum as he mouths down my body, nuzzling at the base of my cock. Everything seemed so hazy like a dream, but it felt real. I could physically feel him touching me.
Mycroft                     "Cold. Jealous of the closeness Sherlock and I had. Uncle Rudy had her sent away when she..." I look away sadly.
Sherlock                   Frowning, I open the doors, stepping into the rooms he has given me, wandering through them so John can see the layout, the windows and views outside, the ghostly shapes of guards stationed and suspected watchpoints, "There is one thing. About the ocean."
Mycroft                     I shove the paper toward him with a scowl. "Or, Moriarty's video seems to be repetitive... just watch it and write it down yourself." I consider the few facts given with the riddle. "I think you are over-analyzing this, brother. Generally, in riddles, facts not provided are not relevant."
Mycroft                     We get into a good rhythm, his breath hitching each time my tongue dips into his slit just before I suck him back into my mouth. I finally can't resist any more, and find my hips twitching against his legs, the slight friction providing little relief, but feeling so good.
Irene                           I lean back into his hands as far as my cuffed wrist will let me. “Well, did I miss read you? You better watch yourself... Salt and pepper may not like this much.”
Seb                        "Funny thing is, all this wasn't just for shits and giggles. A little cutie named Jim Moriarty stole my heart and we needed a little time to get our partnership up and running... time to work out how we're going to expose Meta's for who they really are... give the small group of worthy Meta's the limelight that they deserve." I was waving my gun around and when John lifted his own gun a bit too high for my liking, I shot him this time, in the shoulder.
John                            I choke a gasp through my nose as he presses his mouth to mine. Now this was more like it. I pull back to take a breath. “God, I miss you so much.”
Sherlock               I'm back at John's side, supporting his head in the cramped little pocket under the rubble, mumbling to him softly. He seems to be clinging to life, his shoulder bloody and body cut from flying debris
Sherlock                   My hand fiddle with each other, before I glance back to my room, only to be frustrated with the closed door that blocks me teleporting back in. "The only thing to do is wait for someone to come and find us then. Either cook or guard."
John                      I nod and try to take a few deep breaths. I glance up at Sherlock trying to catch his eyes.
Mycroft                       I sit up and check my phone. Katherine has diligently rescheduled today's two appointments to next week, so my schedule for the day is completely free. "It seems I have more time than anticipated. A quick shower, and I need to head home for a change of clothes. How about I meet you at your office at noon? I will bring lunch."
Mycroft                     "Nonsense. You will stay here until morning, at least." I frown at his attempt to take off his wet trousers. "Come on, stand up..." I pull him to his feet, my arms around his chest. His trousers fell to the floor in a very wet puddle, leaving him standing there, still shivering, in his wet boxers.
John                            I’m in the kitchen, making sandwiches, when the buzzer rings. I move for the door but then stop. “Ahm... Sherlock...”
Seb                        I follow her slowly and my heart jumps when John explains that he's coming in, my hand grabbing my gun and cocking it. "Ever so sorry Mary..." I said in a casual tone and when she peered over her shoulder, my bullet went through her side and it was just like watching a rag doll fall to the floor.
Sally                            "What are you doing here, Holmes? Lestrade isn't here, he's on medical leave still.' I folded my arms across my chest, raising an eyebrow at the little girl stood beside him with the same sort of look on her face.
Mycroft                 "It appears Dr. Watson will be meeting his daughter sooner, rather than later. Her current living situation, apparently, will not be continued, and since he is her nearest living relative, he will be given custody.”
Mycroft                     Shaking my head, I turn and notice the framed picture on the bookcase - Greg with two young girls holding huge bundles of garishly pink cotton candy. "Your nieces?" I nod at the picture.
Greg                             "Mrs. Hudson is looking after her. I phoned her, and she agreed to look after her for the night." I said softly, knowing certain people were in earshot.
Mycroft                     I smile at her. "Thank you, Rosie." I give her a kiss on top of her head, then take her hand as we head out to the car.
Sherlock                   My eyes widen as the screens come to life with Moriarty's mocking face, the speakers blaring with his voice in unison, "Did you miss me?'
Sharon Price             The tissue is swiped across my eyes again, "Oh, I'm so sorry. Greg." The little mistake and his reaction makes my lips twitch in something like a smile, before falling again. My tears dry but still threaten in the wobble in my voice, "I remember her saying how nice you were. She didn't mention how brave though."
Mycroft                       "He believes I don't trust him. Nothing can be further from the truth. If I didn't trust him, we wouldn't have..." my face turns a bit flushed.
Sherlock                     My look darkens, snapping, "You've been pushing yourself. You've been reading people." I freeze, eyes widening, "Is that why you've been pushing Lestrade away? You can't handle any more emotions, can you?"
Mycroft                       "May I try?" I reach out to hold the child, ignoring the shocked look on Greg's face.
Greg                             "They're not used to any sort of noise, so I expect Mrs. Price from next door will stop us to ask us if everything is alright when we leave here tomorrow morning." I smirk back and can feel his grin against my neck, the banging seeming to now stop from next door.
John                             I turn from the counter to step towards him. “I’m glad. I was worried sick.” I peer around to look at Greg. “Did you really have to arrest him?”
S&R Commander    I hollered for the medical team, and they rush in to help Greg and Sherlock with John, who is still breathing, but weakly.
Sherlock                   Without even pausing in my stride I teleport through Mycroft, snapping, "Alone is what I have. Alone protects me. John is safe here, protected by you and Lestrade, brother. I have to go out. Moriarty wants me."
Mycroft                     I relax into him, listening to his heartbeat as my fingers stroke along his shirt. "What are you thinking about?" I ask quietly.
Sherlock                   My face becomes serious, wiped clear of all amusement. "I've been waiting for this. What is it? A crime scene? I have to get there as soon as possible." There's a cold, hard gleam to my eyes that seems rather alien to my usual eagerness for crime
Mycroft                     With Sherlock out of the room, I spoke quietly to Greg. "I was not expecting to see you here today..."
Mycroft                     Tucking my gun away, I rush to Greg's side as the EMTs take over with the man he is trying to save. "Greg," I say as I pull him out of the way, "let them do their job..."
The building they were clearing has sustained heavy damage. Cause unknown. We are sending in search and rescue.
Seb                        "Ride me Jimmy. I just want to make you feel good." My hand raises for a moment to stroke his thigh, it being more important than him fucking me for my own pleasure. I would only touch him if he asked me to, so I soon pulled my hand away.
John                            Watching her through the mirror of the interrogation room, I pace back and forth. “Physically, she’s fine. But she’s not saying a damn thing. I can’t tell if she’s faking or if that whole thing between her and Mycroft really fucked her up. But she’s not talking.” I say frustrated.
Greg                            "It’s only a scratch Myc... if we need to go now, we go now." I fling the covers off myself and start moving my legs to around the side of the bed. I cautiously take my IV out, hissing a little and wiping away the blood with the blanket.
Sherlock                     Nodding firmly, I turn back to Lestrade, "I'm sure Sally will be very interested to know I've managed to slip away from your very lax security." My attention drifts back to John, suddenly real, honest regret entering my face, "We have discussed and planning for this moment. Argued. Extensively."
Mycroft                 "Good afternoon, Lestrade." I said formally, tugging on the wrists of my leather gloves almost nervously. "Any word?"
Greg                            "Loud and clear soldier. You're free of guards for this door, just be quiet opening it." I replied and saw them walking around the wall, eyes skimming elsewhere to where the guards are and then back at them.
Sherlock               A brief shadow passes over my face, stroking back John's hair from his forehead, "My John will want to do the right thing. He always does."
Surgeon                "You need to say goodbye." I start to pull off my blood-stained gloves as the nurses start the clean-up.
Sherlock               "I... don't know." Leaning back slightly I look just as helpless and confused as John, for once not having the answers. "I was told you had a daughter, a child from your marriage. She was raised without your knowledge but that you were aware of her now."
Greg                            "I’m sure they'll be fine. John will just ask awkward questions, offer tea and biscuits." I joked as that had been what he'd done with my nieces and when he put his take-out box down, I used my chopsticks to try a bit of his noodles. It was just a habit.
John                            I chuckle a bit. “I think he’s always worried about you. It’s just more apparent lately.”
Sherlock                   My head feels like lead as I lift it up slowly, wincing and gasping. My body feels stiff and I realise I haven't moved for quite some hours. Sitting up, my hand goes to my forehead, grunting, before I start taking in details of the room. It's dark and the air tastes fresh. Not London. I've been moved while I slept it seems. My gaze falls on the walls and furniture and my heart sinks, chest growing tight and cold. I know where I am.
Sherlock                   "John told me he was hurt but wouldn't give me details. Some idiot notion about confidentiality." I throw myself into my chair, reaching for my own tea, "Give me the note and photograph."
Rosie                           "Greg Jesus?"  Seriously what is wrong with these people? Back home - I - was the weird one. Dude, these people make me look normal.
Greg                            "Get him back to the morgue and I need your report today if possible, tomorrow morning at the latest. I need to look at CCTV around the bridge, find that car... Do you think you can help me out?" I first of all said to Molly and then waved for Mycroft to follow me. I passed over hand sanitizer that I had put in my pocket after thinking about how his power worked but also with what he'd just touched.
John                            “We do. But not much else. We only just found out about you. We’d like to get to know you.” My grip on her shoulder loosens a bit.
Sherlock                   My brows lift, falling in step, "Moran." There's a slight hesitation, then my voice comes again, now with an honest edge to it, "I know what it's like to lose a soldier."
John                            My head falls roughly back onto the bed when he takes me fully down into his mouth. “God, I missed you. Your mouth... how is it that wet when this isn’t even real?” My words come out in a groan.
Sherlock                     "Has my brother told you about the last real relationship he had?" I pick up my tea, taking a sip, somehow a little too casual, "The one that ended around ten years ago."
Greg                            I looked up from where I was signing a PCs leave form and waved that he could come in, my heart lifting where I'd totally forgotten that he was bringing food through. I saw he'd even brought a bottle of wine and I was trying to think whether we had any glasses in the staff room.
Greg                             I grab his arm because I had thought he was going to apologise but with the way he was leaving, I was going to let him go. "Just keep an eye on Sherlock. Make sure he doesn't do anything stupid." I said quietly.
Greg                             "Yeah, yeah, don't give me that crap. You're lucky your brother didn't see the feed of you hanging around a drug den." I growled as I sat up and brushed away some of the dirt on my coat.
Greg                            "I... I was her neighbor... that's my flat on fire there. She always looked out for me if she knew I was having a late shift... helped me through the period after me and the ex-wife had divorced." I nodded as she pulled back and I gave her a spare tissue I had so that she could wipe her eyes.
Greg                            It was a new day and I'd had a bit more sleep last night, my hair just being freshly-cut, and I had been in court this morning, so I was in a darker red suit as I walked in. I found Mycroft waiting and smiled at him.
John                            “Greg. His name is Greg.” I shake my head and toss the wet tea towel into the sink.
Mycroft                     I nod silently. "Not surprising. I narrowly avoided that, myself, in fact. Had she not collapsed first, I might not have escaped." I look at him. "Something is wrong, John... more than a dream... I can see it in your eyes."
Mycroft                       "I think we need to pool our resources... maybe map things out to get a better look at the entire picture..." I look up just as he leans in and silences me with a gentle but firm kiss.
Moran                        My body reclines in the hospital bed, hooked up to IVs and bleeping machines. I'm restrained by my wrists to the bedframe, seeming sleeping though
Mycroft                     "She wanted to meet him for coffee, as I understand it." I say, a little colder than I intend. "Commiserating over the loss of her mother, his friend..."
Greg                            "He needs to act like he's mourning... make them believe like John is dead, like he's looking after Rosie alone while we track the idiots. There's no point in them hurting Sherlock if he's already lost the one person that matters most to him." I explained
Sherlock                     Inhaling deeply, I blow it out in a long stream, "I won't lose her. They won't take her away." My voice is sharp, but a tiny little tremor enters the bottom register, "I'm all she has."
