“I think in production they just kinda,” Billie made a swooshing movement with her hand. “Smooth things out.”
Dean snorted; Castiel looked back up. Dean had a sour smile on his face. “’Cause they’re, I don’t know. Happy.”
He shut his phone and put it back in his pocket. Looking for his keys, he patted all his other pockets until he realized they were already in the ignition. “Nice,” he said. He turned the keys and Baby roared to life. With a full tank of gas, no less. “Sweet. Now,” he said, leaning to reach under the passenger seat and pulling out a box, “you’re going to tell me since when the fuck there are angels, how you’re an angel, and why other angels are after us. Start from the very beginning.”
Dean hesitated before starting a steady walk in the opposite direction. It wasn’t easy to admit, but Cain was right. And Colette. He had to at least give Cas a chance, for Sam’s sake if no one else’s. Not like he lived in a glass house or anything.
“Cas has been manning the CC’s Bees stand at the farmer’s market for months. He really is no longer in the business, and he never said a damn word to me about music until I brought it up. And I brought it up, because every time I ask you if you’d want to do some shows together, you say
That stopped Dean cold. He wracked his brains, trying to remember this happening, but couldn’t. Sammy always used to come home to Dean, waving his good grades proudly as he walked in the door, smacking Dean’s hand away as he ruffled his hair and told him
His movement had caused the others to stir from the table. The adults were scraping back their chairs and stacking plates; Alex opened the French doors and followed Jack outside as he shrieked in delight, chasing fireflies around the garden. When Dean got up to help in the kitchen too, Cas kept his distance by seeking out Sam and Eileen, still at the table, and cultivating a conversation with them. They were as kind and intelligent as Dean had tonight proved himself to be, though they were perhaps quieter about it.
When the song ended they were flushed and panting and grinning like fools. Dean didn’t know how long they stood there in silence before Cas looked back at the ipod. It was hard to beat Prince, and Cas began choosing songs incrementally slower and softer, until they found themselves lying on their sides—the headphones were thick and cushioned enough to allow their heads to rest pretty easily on the pillows. By the time Cas chose Stone Temple Pilots they were no longer singing. Just watching each other as the music played.
“Good. And,” she paused, tracking a couple of students who were arriving for the next class. She settled for saying, “Trust that I know the students a little better than you, and Ms. Hanscum is a bit of a loose cannon. Please make sure to keep everything school appropriate, hm?”
At that Dean sat up so he could see Cas’s face. He looked so damn sad. “But you do help people, Cas. They love it here.” He swallowed. “I love it here.”
“I’ve no intention of quizzing you on it,” Cas assured him. “Just a suggestion, to help you feel on even footing with your classmates. I’ll be honest, Dean,” he continued. The use of his name had Dean looking up from the papers. “I wouldn’t normally let someone with no academic experience take a 300 level class, auditing or not. We aren’t just going to be reading and reacting, but studying the craft of the poetry, pulling it apart piece by piece to see both
Slipping out the staff door, he saw that the Roadhouse was up to its usual crowd, if not a little busier. It didn’t bother him any; standing in the shadows to one side of the staff door, he could keep to himself and have a clear line of sight to the little stage, only several feet away. He awkwardly balanced the bag of ice in one hand, and his beer in the other.
Cas ignored him, pulling the correct jar from the bins. He wrapped his large hand around the front of the label, so that the rain wouldn’t wash the ink away. “For your wife, then,” said Cas. Of course, seeing as they’d only ever interacted via business transactions for honey and soap Sam had never actually told him the woman who often accompanied him to the market was his wife, but Cas had noticed the rings and looked it up on Sam’s Wikipedia page later. All it had said is that her name was Eileen Leahy, and they had no children.
The sun didn’t set ‘til closer to nine o’clock these days, so the evening sun still cast a warm light on the big, sandy brick school behind him. He rocked up on his toes and tried not to fidget too much with his hair; he’d styled it a little bit more than usual. Instead he smoothed down his black button-up shirt, though he’d already ironed it before he’d left to Sam’s relentless teasing. He still wore jeans, of course. Dean didn’t want to dress too formally, because it was a high school musical, for one, and for another he was half-expecting his Rider to show up in full leathers anyway. If he even came.
This was a first time in the science building for all of them, and they looked up appreciatively at the ceiling of the atrium, several stories high, and covered in a painting of stars. Jack sat on Sam’s shoulders, pointing excitedly, adding to the swell of noise with his happy shouts. But when Cas jogged up several of the steps on the main staircase so everyone could see him, wireless mic in hand, the crowd settled down immediately. An ASL interpreter stood a couple steps below him, and to the side.
Usually it was Castiel who did the leaving, Dean a lone figure shrinking in his mirrors. But Cas sat there in the parking lot as the Impala rumbled to life and carried Dean away. The small ticket sat in his hand, a heavy weight.
“I was thinking more along the lines of donations. I could keep track of all the financials, of course, though I don’t know how much to get. I did do a little research into what sorts of things theatres need and, where am I supposed to find lumber? Or even someone who could build something out of it?”
“I don’t know,” Castiel admitted. “He hasn’t returned since. He told me before he left that the local trickster didn’t like him hanging around.”
It turned out, after Dean followed Cas’s dorky little hatchback to Harvelle’s (could he blame him for always seeing the nerd?), that he wanted to play pool. Monday was pretty slow at the alley, especially back by the bar and pool tables, so they didn’t have to worry about waiting in line, or other people circling like sharks for the next free table. So they played for two hours straight: games where Cas had Dean explain to him why he was taking this shot or that in his own words, and why he knew it would work; games where Cas shot all the balls in himself, keeping up a running commentary for Dean’s benefit; games where Cas set the balls a certain way to begin a lesson and yelled at Dean for taking trick shots to completely mess him up—then demanded to learn those tricks in the same breath.
“Fine,” she said. She leaned back in her chair, propped an arm on the boards, and slung an ankle across her knee. “What do your new musicians have to do with me?”
Cas opened his mouth, but what he was going to say was cut off when Donna exclaimed, “Is that Castiel?”
Dean stopped in his tracks on his way back around to the driver’s side, hand paused mid-caress on Baby’s roof. The wind chimes tinkled in something like laughter. “I don’t even know where to start with this. The
Az, ready to give him the fight they were never able to give him when they were kids and he was nineteen, ugly, and mean. They flew past the other lanes, jumping around a group headed back toward the bar, careened around the corner, and burst out the front doors to face Az.
“Well I have,” she said. “Half of them sound ten times better than their album. The other half have cultivated a sound that just…is exactly the same. Not even worth price of admission.”
They silently drank to their own private toasts. The wind blew outside, splattering the rain against the windows.
He let his hand trail away. His eyes skimmed over the brochures for Lutsen and Nanaboujou and canoe trips and settled on the books. Lower to the ground were picturebooks—new copies of what were in the small rack in the lounge, he was sure. But there were also small chapterbooks, including those sepia-colored regional history ones you could find all over the States. And to the delight of his inner hunter, several books about local ghost stories, or shipwrecks, and all sort of things up and down the coast. One with
The road was narrow; the way utterly dark. The asphalt was cracked with faded yellow paint a soft split down its middle. Old, tall trees on either side stretched into the shadows that pressed in against the Impala’s headlights. Between and above the trees ran a mirror road of endless stars, a thousand million pricks of light that nevertheless failed to penetrate the surrounding darkness.
"Yes! I mean, no, not really. I got it in my head you were a woman and your voice surprised me. Apologies."
Less than an hour later they approached the gates and Benny called to their keeper. Only a few moments passed before the portcullis was raised and they were ushered through. The townsfolk stared as they rode through the winding streets to the castle and Dean suddenly felt very uncomfortable. What if someone recognised him? One of the few courtiers that meandered in the market, perhaps? He tucked his chin into his collar and kept his eyes down. The last leg was short and soon enough the many stewards and grooms of the keep were relieving them of their burdens.
"Cas, buddy. You gotta know what you're doing to me, man?" Dean ground out and Castiel put a single finger to his own bottom lip in a parody of deep thought.
Dean stopped. He had definitely not said anything about leaving, so…was Chuck implying he should? If so, why? Unfortunately staring down at the guy didn’t reveal a thing; he just looked up at Dean with a guileless expression on his face. What a weird little dude.  “Thanks, I’ll be alright,” he decided on saying. None of this guy’s business what he did or didn’t do. “Bye.”
If Castiel trusted Sam even a little less, he would have jumped out of the car once Singer Salvage and Auto Repair rose into view. It was far enough outside of town that there was nothing but grass and sky all around it. The property itself was partially fenced in with chainlink and barbed wire, and the drive they pulled into was flanked by an open gate with a visible padlock and chain hanging from one end. The interior proved to be a large yard with grass on one side and dirt on the other; normal-looking cars were parked neatly to one side, while the asphalt drive became gravel and wound through the grass to various buildings, one of which was a garage with a few doors, another of which was a nice two-story house painted blue and trimmed in white.
Dean rolled out from under the car he was working on. He sat up, the ache in his back a fact of life these days. His hands were smudged with oil and dirt. They were more used to garage tools and kitchen utensils these days than guitar strings. It was the same story across America, Dean figured; every child grew up dreaming, and many grew up to at least try achieving those dreams. But so few ever end up how they dream it. There were bills to pay and family to take care of. Maybe it would've been different, if his dream had been anything besides music. But the boy with that dream was long dead. Dead with his parents, with Gordon, with all the mentors he’d looked up to while in the scene.
“I find that difficult to believe,” Dean parroted, but it carried little sting. His eyes were large and sad, almost a honey color in the shed’s light. “I can’t imagine a world where someone wouldn’t want to have you for a son. They’re your parents. Whatever got ‘em mad…I bet they’re ready to talk by now.”
“I asked you to take a course with him for a reason, Dean,” she said, letting some of her inner steel lace her voice. “And words are words. He’s your teacher. Go ask him for help.”
Dean glanced up at her family’s table to find Tess watching avidly. He nodded so she knew he got the message; she smiled back. Then he grinned down at the little girl in front of him. “You’re welcome. Seagulls are pretty awesome, huh?”
Dean’s heart jumped into his throat, but Al just lifted his hands palm out. “Fine, fine. But this school does bring back memories of my own high school days. How about for the rest of you?”
He thought about how Charlie moved around every couple years anyway, no job holding her interest long enough, no one tying her down well enough that her own restlessness didn’t compel her to leave before long.
Despite this, Cas doesn’t get up. He lies there, remembering Dean as Dean jerks off in a panic in the bathroom. Dean returns surprisingly fast and stands in the doorframe, looking down at Cas. ‘We didn’t have sex last night,’ Dean says. Cas detects a barely perceptible thread of longing in Dean’s voice, then dismisses it as wishful thinking. This is Dean’s normal voice, and it’s smooth and it’s sexy, like it always is. Fuck, Cas realises. He’s in deep.
‘You both look amazing,’ Eileen says, following Jack into the room with Sam in pursuit. ‘We’ll take him outside. Everyone’s nearly in their seats.’
Sam and Eileen return to their apartment, and the school year begins for Cas and Jack, as does wedding planning for Cas and Dean. At first, they pretend they want a no-frills, in-and-out courthouse wedding, maybe followed by a trip to a diner. ‘We’ll just have Sam, Eileen and Jack,’ Dean suggests one Saturday morning, dandling Jack on his knee as Cas makes coffee.
Cas half-smiles. Dean never knows how to say that. It’s refreshing to speak to someone who doesn’t live their life beneath a thousand layers of masculine repression. ‘I don’t know,’ Cas says. ‘I – I guess I’m just worried about Dean living alone.’
Because he walked in the door to practically find a party. Not only was Charlie there, but so were Missouri and Patience, Jody, Donna, and the girls, and even Kevin was there. Most surprising of all was that both the Singers and Turners had flown in from South Dakota. And they all, to a one, made a big damn fuss.
It was a masterpiece of kid crayon: misshapen figures that represented herself, her parents, and Dean, blue scribbles for the lake, obligatory yellow sun in the corner, a square of red to represent the popcorn bag, a couple dozen humped gray lines like elongated Ms to represent the seagulls flying around. “Dude,” he said, “this is the coolest drawing ever. Thank you!”
Cas listened to him as he let the yell fall away, quite naturally, until he slid seamlessly into the second verse, a deep well of emotion expertly leashed. Then he raised his voice again, shouting out the chorus, until he ripped himself open and burst into the guitar solo. And even though it was dim and Cas couldn’t make out his face, he could read his body language perfectly well, see how he wasn’t at all performing. Wasn’t self-conscious. Was just playing good music with his bandmates, feeling the emotions, letting them through, giving them voice. Letting them go. He leaned back at the high notes, hips cradling his guitar, bowlegs bent as he swayed back and forth, the amps filling the room, the music saying what needed to be said.
He deliberately misinterpreted the question. “No, sir,” he said with false brightness. “Think I mighta found a case, is all.”
His smile slipped, though, when Naomi stood at the end of the period and caught Sam before he left the room. For a brief moment Castiel was terrified that she’d found out where his costume had come from and was about to bring the hammer down, but she simply said, “It’s short notice, but would you be able to gather the theatre group together after school for a meeting today? You may meet at the theatre doors.”
"So, uh. What's your story, Cas? You mentioned you're a philosophy major, right? Do you live on campus?" Dean asked, aiming for casual.
Benny turned to find Dean biting his lips, largely successful in holding back laughter as his shoulders shook.
Benny nodded, recalling their crest on his decree. A pair of wings enclosed in a circle. As he moved closer, a young man with dark hair stepped forward and he felt Dean stop. "What's wrong?"
Ruby was Sam's on again off again live-in girlfriend or, maybe, she was more of a friend with benefits. Either way, they lived together despite their…
"Alright, Lis. Sounds good. Have you been doing your breathing exercises?" he doubted it and Lisa confirmed it when she bit her lip and looked at him from under her lashes. "Come on, Lis, you need to do them. You're singing from the throat and you need to be pushing from down here." He hovered a hand over her abdomen. "Okay?" She nodded. "From the top."
"Obviously, I can eat whatever but having such a palatable 'chef'," He used air quotes and Dean chuckled, aware he was no pro in the kitchen but he did his best. "Would certainly be ideal."
[FaceMatchRep] Are you happy to start with a sketch? I'll share my screen and we can talk about this handsome man of yours.
Castiel smiled down at him and Dean's stomach actually had the nerve to swoop. He might be a little smitten already with this mysterious, flirty yet shy, beautiful man. If he could only reveal his station to him, he could court him properly but Dean wouldn't risk the mission like that. He couldn't take the chance that Castiel and his consorts might be offended by the subterfuge.
He outright laughed at that but went to the porch anyway. Cas stood there dressed in a beautifully tailored suit and a dark blue tie, a tan coat over his arm. A stark, but very sexy, difference from what he wore last time.
Dean cries out again, and his shout almost flashes blue and desperate in the darkness. Cas takes another deep breath and steps closer. Pressing his lips together, he lays a hand on Dean’s shoulder, right where he touched Dean for the first time. Dean’s face relaxes. Cas sighs. After a soft, silent moment, Dean’s other arm reaches over and pulls Cas down onto the bed. It’s a weak, fumbling tug, but Cas obeys. He knows it’s a stupid idea but, in that moment, he just wants Dean to feel safe. Cas carefully lies down beside Dean, leaving an inch or two of space between them. It’s friendly, Cas reminds himself. This is what caring friends do for each other.
‘Look, the reason I wanted you to stay back,’ Dean says, ‘is because I want to tell you something. Uh, I’m not great at this emotional stuff…’
Dean shuts his eyes and sighs, wondering if these two fools can read his mind. He wonders if they can see the dream life he’s built for himself – pretty clapboard house, picket fence, trees out front, grill out back… He knows he isn’t supposed to want that. Women want those things. Women and gays. Dean is neither, and he isn’t about to own up to making Pinterest boards with interior design inspiration. If John knew…
When Dean isn’t working on the house, he’s lying on his back in the driveway under the Impala. After seeing him at work, people from the neighbourhood occasionally bring him their cars to fix. He refuses payment, but they always insist and give him a bill or a box of cookies. It’s a quiet existence, and Dean likes it. After a few months, he realises he feels younger and healthier. He hasn’t worried about death or demons for months. Sam phones almost every day, and his updates are enough. He and Eileen are having a great time.
‘I’m going to be a bridesmaid,’ Jack says, giggling into Dean’s shoulder. Cas looks over and locks eyes with Dean, and he is aglow with joy.
They arrive at the Roadhouse and kiss on the doorstep. Then, the party begins in earnest. It starts with Dean and Cas’ first dance, which is slow and tender. Dean cries and doesn’t care that people can see. Then, the booze starts to flow, and Dean is telling Charlie how ridiculously sexy Cas is and Cas has draped himself around Sam’s shoulders at the bar. Crowley somehow puts ‘All By Myself’ on, and he’s sitting on a barstool in the corner and wailing along. Nobody seems to notice or care except Dean, who asks the bartender to send Crowley a glass of wine and his best wishes. Crowley looks up and makes eye contact with Dean, who winks. Crowley almost falls of his barstool, and Claire goes over and threatens to have him banned if he doesn’t start behaving properly.
Dean swims downstream from where Cas reads and sunbathes. He looks back at Cas. The last few weeks have been something of a revelation for Dean. He’s done some research on his laptop in the dead of night, always using Incognito mode. He’s read articles and watched porn and even done some quizzes, and he thinks he might be bisexual. He turns the word over in his mind, treading water and trying to fight the fear the word strikes in his heart. He shouldn’t be scared of it, he knows, but it’s hard to unlearn all the crap he heard about the gays all through his childhood. Certain he won’t be heard over the rush of the water and the birdsong, he quietly says it. ‘Bisexual. I’m bisexual. I, Dean Winchester, am bisexual.’
Dean buys a house in a quiet town with wide, leafy streets lined with tall trees. The house is a mess, with boarded-up windows and a steep shingled roof that sags inwards. The outside was once covered with white clapboard, but it’s now grey and hung with icy. The skeletal gutters are stuffed with rotting leaves. It’s cheap, and Dean’s always looking for something to fix.
‘I need to go to the bathroom,’ Dean says, forcing out a laugh and sidestepping out of the room and across the landing to the bathroom. Cas lies in bed, hating himself and hating how much he loves the smell of the sheets, how much he loves waking up next to Dean… This has to stop, right now. This can’t happen again.
‘I’m not going to argue with you,’ Cas continues, ‘but look at us. Look at you. Do you want to spend the rest of your life drifting from motel to motel? You deserve better. We aren’t alone. Claire and Kaia are out there, fighting. Charlie. Jody. Donna. Hell, Sam wants to go on.’
That night, they go to a diner. This hunt is like the hundreds that came before it – drab, cheap and characterised by greasy food and mediocre motels. The two men, the boy and the ex-angel sit in tired, companionable silence, eating spindly fries that bend under the weight of their own oiliness. There is nothing new about any of it, but Dean suddenly feels sick. He’s had enough of fights and lore and crappy motels with damp-stained walls and sticky linoleum floors.
"In two days. Dawn, at the stables. If you're late I'll take the new recruit and…let him have Baby." Benny warned and Dean damn near growled at him. "I joke, my Prince."
could have prepared him for the man standing on his porch. Tall? Check. Dark? Check. Handsome? Hell's check. Dean spent way longer than he should have just standing and staring at Angelofthirsty dressed head to toe in black. It had Dean seriously rethinking the whole classic vamp look he'd scorned for so long.
The date at a fairly low key restaurant went well, the conversation flowing as it should with a lot of laughs, but Dean couldn’t stop thinking about the real meal later and he could tell that Cas couldn’t either. Before he had a chance to order dessert Cas grabbed his hand across the table, his eyes bright.
Dean would normally be embarrassed about having his privilege pointed out to him but his body went cold and he felt ill. He would give up all the goose down in the land to share a bed roll on the ground with Cas and he said as much.
Benny woke first, as he was used to early rising for patrol and training. Dean, however, simply snorted and rolled over when Benny shook him. Huffing fondly, he washed, dressed and summoned someone to bring breakfast for his pampered friend.
Dean did the same. How he just happened to know all the girls in one way or another and how each of them had mentioned Cas but only to say how great he was. Nothing about who or what he was into. Cas admitted the same. He'd also asked around but assumed the radio silence, besides high praise, was some kind of 'don't kiss and tell' arrangement. Turns out there was no kissing to tell about.
Dean chuckled at Cas' eloquence even when half asleep and kissed the spot just below his ear. Dean was still hard in his jeans and he couldn't help but rock up a bit to rub against Cas' ass. Cas turned in his arms and kissed him deeply.
Three hours and a shit tonne of paperwork found Dean driving Sam home to stay in his spare room for a while. He'd been on his damn deathtrap of a bike and was hit by some fancy ass SUV. Thank fuck the driver had the decency to stop and cover the co-pays. (Well, at least have the  common sense to not be an asshole when five cellphones and Sam's helmet cam were pointed at them.) Anyway, as the nurse had said, Sam was just bruised with a minor concussion and so it fell to Dean to keep an eye on the big idiot.
Dean's eyes flicked down to Cas' lips and that's all he needed to lean in and capture them. Despite the heat that had built in the elevator over the last hour, the kiss was soft and almost tender. Dean pulled back just enough to speak.
Dean fired off the usual package (including the price list) then went to put the coffee pot on. The form had been sent back before the first drop had percolated so Dean dove into the answers.
Sighing and yawning, Dean gets up. The world they created dissolves slightly in the morning light. They eat breakfast with Jack in the kitchen, and he doesn’t notice anything different. There are still a few dishes by the sink from the night before. Neither Dean nor Cas had thought to finish the washing-up. Jack tells them about the dream he had, about cars that could fly and a Barbie that came to life. Dean can’t stop grinning, and Cas nods along and asks Jack questions.
‘I don’t give a damn about your morning breath,’ Dean half-laughs, stroking Cas’ stubble. Cas’ heart is glowing in his chest, and every part of his body is illuminated with ease and happiness he never imagined would be his. He lies back down beside Dean, and they remain there, facing each other and just smiling.
Dean ducks below the surface of the water, then springs back out and shakes his hair dry. In the distance, Cas looks up from his book and waves. In strong strokes, Dean swims back over to Cas.
The sun begins to set, dipping below the rooftops. The neighbours leave, praising Dean’s grill skills and thanking Cas. Cas takes Jack upstairs to put him to sleep while Dean starts clearing up, gathering all the dishes from outside and putting them in the kitchen by the sink. Cas comes back downstairs. The house feels empty without the guests, and he stands at the sink washing plates and handing them quietly to Dean, who dries them with a dishcloth before carefully putting them away. They barely speak. Cas even opens his mouth a few times, but nothing comes out. His stomach clenches. He knows that there’s no going back.
, because they’re sappy like that. They rent a big, old-fashioned house on the outskirts of town, and get ready together on the morning of the wedding. Cas adjusts Dean’s tie and sweeps a speck of dust off his shoulder. Jack bursts in, giggling. Sam has wrestled him into a tiny suit, and he’s bursting with excitement for his dads’ wedding.
Dean’s days of youthful, testosterone-fuelled recklessness are behind him, even if his propensity for band tees and leather jackets and muscle cars suggests otherwise. He can’t – and won’t – sacrifice his life. He’s Jack’s dad, too. He can’t get Jack tangled up in this mess.
The morning passes slowly, and Jack is very present, until Dean gives Cas a pointed look and sends Jack to go and play with his friends from down the street. Cas and Dean then sit in the living room, a respectable distance apart.
Cas looks over at Dean, and the world falls away for a moment. Cas recognises the far-off look in Dean’s eyes that he gets when thinking about his childhood and his father. Cas feels sick thinking about Dean’s life, because Cas knows that Dean deserves better. He deserves to be loved. He deserves to know that he is worthy of love. Cas has said these things once before, and then been swallowed up by the darkness. He’s come back in Dean’s arms, and they have never mentioned Cas’ words, instead moving on as friends. Cas decides he needs to say these things again. As the neighbours talk on, Cas makes up his mind. He’s going to tell Dean how he feels. He can’t go another day in silence.
Cas gets up during the meal to go and refill the jug of water. Dean leaps up and follows him into the kitchen. As Cas stands by the sink, Dean mindlessly places his hand on the small of Cas’ back. It’s been three weeks, and tiny things like this still send Cas’ heart into overdrive. Sam sees Dean’s gesture through the open door and has to fight back a smile. Neither Jack nor Eileen see a thing. Sam spends the rest of the meal smiling and laughing at every opportunity. Sam won’t say anything until Dean tells him. This is a conversation that needs to be had on Dean’s terms.
Dean sometimes cries out at night, low whimpers that are barely audible through the wall. Jack never wakes up. Occasionally, there are loud shrieks that burst staccato through the darkness and seize at Cas’ heart. Cas, as always, longs to help. Attraction to Dean aside, he can’t bear to hear him suffer. He wants to go into Dean’s room and squeeze his hand and tell him that everything was okay. His demon days are over. He doesn’t need to fight anymore. There’s no need to be afraid.
The summer progresses. A new, thrilling urge seizes Cas whenever he’s alone with Dean, which isn’t often – Jack goes to bed late, and is always running rings around his fathers. Sometimes, when Jack is with the neighbours or asleep or playing out with his friends, Cas wants to tell Dean everything. His heart thunders in his chest and his breath catches in his throat and he never says a word. He is standing on the brink of something enormous, and he knows that there’s no turning back once he steps over the edge.
Dean gives up hunting later that year. He doesn’t know why, but he always ends up doing what Cas tells him to do. He says it’s because he’s fought all the demons on his bucket list. He says he want to end in triumph, quit while he’s ahead. Neither Cas nor Sam buy any of this macho glory crap, but they pretend they do because they know it’ll make Dean quit.
Jack skips up the aisle, holding the rings. He hands them to Rowena and then hugs Cas’ legs before stepping to one side and looking up at his dads with eyes full of love and admiration.
‘I think I’m allergic to chalk,’ Cas says, wrinkling his nose in a way that makes Dean’s heart stop. ‘The vagaries of being human… Do you need any help with that?’
The four of them are in a motel room. Sam is sitting at the plywood desk, poring over his beloved lore and frowning. Cas paces along the brown carpet, deep in thought. Dean lies on his back on the vaguely grubby bed, muttering about how they should quit philosophising and get down to business. Jack is in the corner, sucking his thumb and pushing a die-cast car across the rug with his free, sticky hand. Cas, Dean and Sam are getting used to having a toddler around. They didn’t expect him to come back as a two-and-a-half-year-old, but that’s what happened and they’re dealing with it.
‘I don’t care. We don’t need to do all this the “proper” way. We can do this our way, like we always do.’
‘I’ve got condoms,’ Dean says. ‘Not that I’ve needed one in three years. They’re in the nightstand, if you want to –’
‘I’m really happy for us, too. Oh, I told Eileen this, but the two of you are sleeping in my bedroom.’
For years, Cas has been able to live with his feelings. He’s been able to push them to one side. He can’t do that anymore. He was now never not thinking about Dean. His name, his voice, his body… it all rattles round and round inside Cas’ mind like a fervent and ceaseless prayer. Spring opens out into one of the warmest summers on record, and Cas is thankfully able to blame his frequent blushing on the heat. He never had to deal with this blushing shit when he was an angel. He is shocked at how often he blushes these days.
‘I think we should get rid of the ivy on the front of the house,’ Cas suggests one morning. Dean is painting the front porch, and Cas is holding the tray of paint up for him. Jack is napping inside.
Each night, Cas lies in his bed and tries his hardest not to think about Dean, who sleeps right on the other side of the wall. But Dean Winchester demands to be thought about. Although Dean wanders around the house in grey t-shirts and flannel pyjama pants, he sleeps only in his boxers. Cas discovers this one night when going to get a drink of water. He bumps into Dean on the landing and Dean, half-awake, barely looks up. Cas is embarrassed at the thoughts this encounter brings to his mind. He has learnt a lot about desire since becoming human, and most of it was learnt from Dean.
Hand in hand, they walk back up the aisle. Dean can’t stop laughing with delight, and Cas has never been happier. He’s seen humanity begin and end countless times, and he’s seen the universe be born and mountains rise from dust and he’s seen the sky streaked with divine light and yet the sight of Dean, his husband, is the most magnificent thing he’s ever witnessed. Dean, his husband. His husband, Dean. Cas Winchester will never tire of saying that.
‘At fucking last,’ Sam says, sighing happily. ‘It only took a hundred years. No kidding, though, I’m so happy for you.’
Dean finishes painting the porch around one o’clock, and clambers down the ladder. He ignores the twinge of old age in his back and steps inside through the open front door, coming face-to-face with Cas.
Cas puts down the glass he’s holding and turns to face Dean again. Why does Dean sound fierce? This is something new. This is something different and it stops his heart. Dean never calls him Castiel. Cas-ti-el. Three syllables that suddenly encompass the world and the swirls of the universe when Dean says them.
‘Dean,’ Cas begins, ‘I never thought I’d be standing here and marrying you. I loved you in silence for so long. You gave me friendship and a home and a family. You made me a mixtape. You taught me how to be human; you taught me how to laugh and how to rebel and how to love. I care about the whole world because of you, because you taught me to care and because I love you.’
Dean doesn’t look up. The idea has crossed his mind a few times, but he’s never mentioned it. But now that Sam’s brought it up…
Sam and Eileen come to stay for the penultimate week of the summer vacation. The night before they arrive, Jack is asleep and Dean and Cas are lying together in Dean’s bed.
‘I can’t give – I can’t give you a blowjob like this,’ Dean wheezes between laughs. ‘I’ll choke to death.’
Dean gently lays Cas’ head on the towel and gets up. In a flash, he dives into the water, and Cas grins as Dean surfaces from the water and waves. And then Cas stands up and goes to the edge of the rock.
‘Take your time,’ Cas replies, slowly bringing his laughter under control. ‘We only have all the time in the world.’
Cas crowds up against Dean. ‘If only you knew how many times I’ve wanted to do this to you,’ he replies, alarmed to hear just how low and hungry his own voice sounds.
She glances over at Cas, who is indeed smiling down at a floral vase. Dean’s cheeks burn, but he thinks correcting the woman would be even more awkward. She’s very friendly, and offers to drop off all the stuff they end up buying in her truck. She comes by that evening, and Cas and Dean help her carry everything inside. She praises Jack’s manners, and wishes them luck with the house refurbishment. Dean doesn’t tell Cas that she thinks the two of them are married. He knows the whole confession thing was difficult for Cas. Hell, he even feels bad for not reciprocating. But he just isn’t gay. He doesn’t think of men that way. He’s fine with people who do, of course. That lifestyle simply isn’t for him.
Dean doesn’t dignify Jack with an answer, instead rumpling his hair and pulling him to his feet. Jack flings his arms around Dean’s thigh, and says goodbye to Cas before heading out with Sam and Eileen. Cas stands next to Dean on the front porch, watching them leave.
After what feels like a beautiful forever, Dean pulls back, looking right into Cas’ shining eyes. ‘This doesn’t have to change anything,’ Dean whispers.
Cas goes out first and walks down the aisle alone while the guests are still sitting down and talking. He waits under the floral arch that is set up at far end of the aisle that runs between the chairs set up on the lawn. While he waits for Dean, he talks to Sam and Rowena, who is officiating.
‘Oh, I know I’m irresistible. No, though. I’ve wanted this far longer than I could ever admit to myself.’
He prepares to move in. Sam helps Dean pack as Jack bundles himself up in a faded Led Zeppelin t-shirt and rolls around on the floor like a heavy metal burrito. Cas is nowhere to be seen. Suddenly, he walks in and sees Dean stuffing flannel shirts into a bulging duffel. Without a word, Cas turns on his heel and leaves again. That night, Sam swears he hears Cas crying.
That August, they accompany Dean on a drive around some towns up on the East Coast, Jack burbling in the backseat with Sam. They originally plan on taking Dean round some midwestern towns, but Dean bristles at the idea and reluctantly admits he wants to move up east. Cas and Sam don’t laugh, and instead ring up real estate agents and make plans. Cas gets way too invested in the house hunt, researching each town and property. He’s always talking about insulation and energy efficiency ratings and property taxes. Dean will never say it, but he finds Cas’ ramblings very comforting. Sam never says a word, either, sitting in the backseat of the Impala as Dean and Cas talk about mortgages.
Cas looks over at Dean. It’s hard not to, when he frowns like that and twirls a soggy fry between his fingers. Cas sighs. After years of holding it in, he’d told Dean he loved him, then been banished to the Empty – and then Dean had come and pulled him out, and life had gone on as if Cas’ confession had never happened. Cas knows he ought to be grateful for this second chance, and he is trying to be. He has resigned himself to the fact that Dean doesn’t reciprocate. They are and always will be friends – best friends, but nothing more. Cas feels bad for wanting more. He’s training himself to stop this senseless yearning.
When Cas and Dean and Jack sit around the table, laughing and talking and eating, Cas feels so happy and grateful and safe. Maybe this is enough.
‘You have paint on your nose,’ Cas says. Before Dean can respond, Cas raises a hand to Dean’s nose and wipes the paint off with his index finger. Dean can’t stop trembling afterwards, even after he’s turned the heating on.
They both hear Jack moving around in his bedroom at the same time. ‘Shit,’ Dean whispers, ‘what are we going to tell Jack?’
Night falls. Someone puts Taylor Swift on and they’re tearing up the floor, twirling and stomping until they’re breathless. Dean Winchester is holding hands with Cas and dancing to Taylor Swift and he doesn’t care that people are watching. He wants them all to see how happy he is, and how in love he is. Most of all, though, he just wants to dance with Cas forever.
Cas lies down, and Dean pulls Cas’ head into his own lap. Dean is trying hard to be a good boyfriend, but Cas feels him grow restless after half an hour. ‘It’s okay, Dean. Go swim.’
Dean blinks and turns his eyes to Cas’ hands, which are nowhere near as work-roughened as his own. ‘Nah, I’m fine.’
‘I suppose you’ll want me gone. What was the website Dean used to find that house? I can rent a place for me and Jack.’
Dean winces. Friendship is new to him. These fleeting moments where he wants to touch Cas are just moments of confusion. They’re friends, best friends, but nothing more. They live together, for God’s sake. Friends don’t want to touch each other’s faces.
‘How much for the wardrobe?’ Dean asks the woman running the whole thing. He bounces Jack on his hip and smiles.
brother!’ Dean says, before deciding that he wants Charlie to be his Maid of Honour. Claire will be his bridesmaid, too. He can already see the whole thing in his head. He and Cas will wear suits, and there’ll be flowers and they’ll rent out the Roadhouse and get everyone together – them and Claire and Kaia and Jody and Donna and Rowena – and dance the night away. He’s going to marry Cas in front of all these people, and he’s going to hold his hand and twirl him round the dancefloor. Dean never imagined getting married as a kid. He thought marriage tied people down and locked them together with abusive assholes. Anyway, he didn’t think anyone would ever want to marry him. He never imagined a life with a husband and a kid and a house, but now he has it and he loves it and can’t imagine anything different.
Dean’s eyes flick from Sam to the house to his own hands ten times as he slowly puts it all together. He wishes he could be angry at his brother’s relentless schemes, but instead he pats Sam’s upper arm and thanks him. Jack, Eileen and Cas come back. Dean takes an exhausted Jack up to bed, and Eileen goes to start unpacking her bag. Sam corners Cas in the hallway.
Fall passes in a blaze of red and orange, and then it’s December. The school semester draws to a snowy end. Jack is napping after coming home from pre-school. Dean is rewiring a wall socket in one of the upstairs bedrooms when Cas comes home. Cas comes upstairs, his hair dusted with snow.
[MsAngelofThursday] I've found myself in the unusual situation of connecting with my soulmate but not knowing when.
Then it happened. The big It. Just as the door of the nearby bus closed with a hydraulic hiss, Dean glanced up, meeting the tired blue eyes of a passenger sitting at the back of the bus. A rainbow didn't shoot out of his ass but it wouldn't have surprised Dean if it did.
"Just do it, Dean. Come on!" Cas cried, burying his fingers into Dean's hair, pulling him close. Dean smirked and pressed his nose against Cas' prominent artery, gently scenting along it, occasionally kitten licking or nipping at the skin. Cas keened and ground down onto Dean's lap, rubbing their hard cocks together with every tilt of his hips.
"May I come in?" Cas practically purred, interrupting Dean's increasingly dirty thoughts involving that tie, and Dean jumped aside. "Thank you,
‘Dean. I think we should retire. I think you should retire.’ Cas still can’t get over the feeling of saying Dean’s name – it feels brazen, hungry, loving. Of course, Dean doesn’t know about any of this.
Cas puts down his cutlery and wipes his fingers on a flimsy napkin. Taking a deep breath, he says something he’s wanted to say for months since his resurrection.
‘How’s my teacher doing?’ Dean asks, concentrating on the work in front of him. Cas looks good with his shirt and his slightly too-tight sweater, and Dean reckons it’s easier if he just doesn’t pay attention. Cas’ shirt has a subtle pattern of tiny flowers on it. John Winchester would explode if he could see his eldest son living with a philosophy teacher in a floral shirt. But John Winchester is dead and buried, and his opinions are irrelevant.
‘Yeah! I mean, I don’t see why not,’ he replies, checking his enthusiasm a split second too late. Sam smiles and turns away. He likes playing matchmaker. He likes being Dean’s big brother for once.
Cas grabs Dean’s waist and pulls him in for a long, sweet kiss as Dean raises his hand to Cas’ cheek and closes his eyes. Charlie and Claire and Jack cheer, and Sam cries.
Sam thinks Dean and Cas sound like a married couple, especially when Jack is clinging to Cas. Sam often wonders what is going on with Dean and Cas. Something had happened before Cas was sent to the Empty. He has no idea what, but he notices how Dean softens ever so slightly around Cas, how the tenseness in his older brother’s jaw melts away in Cas’ presence. He notices how Cas looks at Dean, how his weary eyes come to rest on Dean’s hands on the steering wheel. He knows that Dean made Cas a mixtape. Of course, he says nothing. What if he’s misread the whole situation? That’d be an awkward mess, and Dean would never forgive him.
Dean retreats into his thoughts. A furrow appears between his brows, and he’s always fiddling with a metal bottlecap or his keys or the hem of his t-shirt. Cas notices new, awkward silences in his conversations with Dean. Jack always fills them with lively chatter if he’s around, but it still unnerves Cas. Has he done something wrong? Has Dean figured out Cas’ thoughts and been disgusted? Cas can never ask.
‘I did some research. Apparently, ivy can cause serious damage to the structural integrity of the property. It also blocks the light from my bedroom window.’
Cas falls asleep. It’s impossible not to. Dean is so warm, and the faint smell of his aftershave is warm and comforting. Cas sleeps on and on.
Cas knows it’s just Dean’s friendly gratitude for Cas’ acceptance, and he’s grateful for that, he really is, but he wishes that it’s different. Cas turns away. Dean is puzzled. People don’t normally react this way when Dean Winchester says he loves them. He tries again.
Dean will always love the Impala above anything else, but the house slowly creeps up the ranks to assume second place in his list of loves. Neither he nor Cas have money to hire a team of workmen. Instead, they buy what they need from the Bargain Bend in the next town over and start doing the house up themselves. They buy a load of antique furniture from an estate sale, spending half a day traipsing round a dusty mansion and picking out dining chairs and end tables.
Cas kisses Dean again, and Dean is happier than he’s ever been. He kisses Cas and reminds him that Jack is asleep.
‘Cas…’ Dean bites his lip and blinks back tears. ‘Cas Winchester. God, I’m never going to get tired of calling you that. I’m so lucky to get you as my husband, Cas. Five years ago – hell, two years ago – I would never have got up in front of all these people and said this stuff, but you taught me not to be afraid.’ At the back of the congregation, Crowley sniffles, then wails. Dean turns to see Crowley dabbing at his eyes with a black lace handkerchief that matches his mourning suit. Cas and Dean smile and try not to giggle, and then Dean continues speaking. ‘I can’t believe it took us so long to get here. We waited so long for this, and I want the rest of my life with you to start right now.’
They sleep in separate bedrooms, of course. Their rooms are next to each other at the front of the house on the first floor. Jack’s is at the back, overlooking the backyard. Cas likes his room. He’s spent millennia drifting from place to place, never allowed to belong. Now, he belongs. This house, this room is entirely his. The books he loves – John Donne, George Herbert, Gerard Manley Hopkins, Keats, Dickinson – are arranged carefully in a large bookcase, along with a cassette player. Cas only owns two cassettes – a recording of Debussy’s arabesques, and Dean’s Zepp mixtape. He also has an antique desk, although he prefers to work at the kitchen table where he can watch Dean and Jack clowning around. His bedroom smells of polished wood and clean linens, and his tattered trench coat hangs on the back of the door, and his ties are hung neatly in the closet. Dean buys a cheap thrift-store print of Dossi’s
Fuck. Dean blinks again. He’s ashamed to feel blood rush from his brain to his dick, which is thankfully not touching Cas. See, he tells himself, if he were gay he wouldn’t feel ashamed about this. If he were gay, this would feel natural. Dean Winchester is not gay. It’s just been so long since he’s brought a girl home. He doesn’t go to shitty bars anymore. Maybe he should. Then this shit would stop happening. He’d stop thinking of Cas at night or in the shower or –
‘I’m going to get out,’ Dean says, slowly letting go of Cas and swimming to the bank. Cas has no option but to follow him. They sit on the rocks, drying off in the sun. Cas’ hair dries weird and flat, and Dean rearranges it until it looks as good as it usually does, before tilting Cas’ chin up and kissing his forehead. Cas buries his head into Dean’s neck and they stay like that for a moment, before Cas pulls back and says something incredibly impulsive.
‘I – I – I know this isn’t the proper way to do it,’ Cas continues. ‘I don’t have a ring, and we never even asked each other to be boyfriends and we’ve only been together for, what, a month? But –’
‘But what if I want it to?’ Cas replies, leaning in and kissing Dean, grabbing the front of his apron and steering him to the kitchen table. Dean perches his ass on the edge of the table and Cas pins him there, planting himself firmly between Dean’s legs and kissing him again.
a big deal. Cas drops into the water, and shivers as he wades until his feet can’t touch the riverbed anymore. He takes a few tentative strokes towards Dean, and Dean reaches out and pulls Cas to his chest and kisses the top of his head.
‘I love you, Castiel,’ Dean says again, bringing a shaking hand to brush against Cas’ cheek. Fuck, he’s never going to get tired of saying that. Cas’ mouth opens in numb shock and Dean slowly leans in, closing his eyes as his lips touch Cas’. Cas’ mind is completely still, and then it’s not and Dean is kissing him – oh my God, Dean is kissing him so sweetly and so gently and it’s everything Cas has ever wanted and it’s so much more and Dean’s lips are chapped and warm and Dean’s hand is so careful and Cas realises that his own hands are hanging uselessly at his sides so he brings one up to cup the back of Dean’s head and the other rests on the small of Dean’s back. Cas leans into the kiss and tries not to have a heart attack when Dean’s tongue brushes against his own and Cas fucking whimpers and Dean laughs into the kiss and just keeps going.
Dean looks up, eyes sleepy and hair glimmering with grey. ‘Cas, you know we can’t. We have to do this. This is my life. Our life.’
Outside the house, the Impala is waiting. At some point, unbeknownst to Dean, Sam decorated it with flowers and ribbons and streamers. He tied tin cans to the back bumper with string, and a banner reading ‘Just Married’ hangs off the trunk. Dean looks over at his brother in disbelief, but Sam just smiles. Dean holds open the passenger side door for Cas, then goes around and slips into the driver’s seat. They drive the mile to the Roadhouse slowly, and Cas periodically leans over to kiss Dean. Every time Cas kisses him, Dean honks the horn. All the guests walk behind them, and Cas keeps glancing in the rear mirror to see all the people who turned up to watch him marry the love of his five-thousand-year life.
With anybody else, Dean would just make a move. With some woman, he’d close the gap with a kiss, and he’d do the same for some dude if the tension was this painful and delicious. But Cas isn’t just some dude picked up in a motel bar – he’s an angel-made-human and he’s Dean’s best friend and Dean’s family. He’s a teacher and a guy who harbours a heart of butter that melts over the welfare of his geraniums and an undeniably sexy man who wears a shirt even in the height of summer and rolls up the sleeves. Dean is starting to think that he might have a fetish for forearms.
Cas laughs, a genuine, deep laugh. His heart breaks at how much he wants to reach out and touch Dean, brush his thumb against Dean’s sternum and curl his fingertips around Dean’s collarbone…
But Cas doesn’t trust himself to go and help. The idea of going into Dean’s room at night and touching him scares Cas. He doesn’t know how he’d react, or how his body might involuntarily react. Cas’ cheeks burn. He hates himself for being too…too horny to help his best friend.
Cas knows it’s stupid. He never speaks of his feelings to a soul. He knows that Dean is happy, happier than he’s been in a long time. It’s obvious in the shine of his eyes and the loose swing of his arms when he walks or the new openness of his smile. Cas doesn’t want to put that at risk. So he never says a word, instead falling into easy, joking conversation with Dean. Cas’ love spills over and manifests itself in the smallest, tenderest things. Cas brings Dean breakfast in bed on Saturdays, and cooks dinner on Sundays. Cas brings him water or cold beers when he sweats over repairs to the house. Cas is fine with being Dean’s parttime servant, fulltime silent lover. Dean, of course, is not aware of the fact that his name is always on Cas’ mind.
‘I – I’ve been wanting to move in with Eileen,’ Sam says. He hasn’t discussed it with Eileen, but he’s sure she’d be up for it.
Cas gets a job teaching philosophy at the local high school. Dean knows someone who makes him an envelope of fake diplomas. Any guilt Cas feels over the fake documents fades away quickly. The children love Cas, because the awkwardness that Dean mocks him for endears to teenagers. His utter lack of selfishness means he always goes above and beyond, and never leaves the stragglers of his class behind. The kids laugh at him, sure, but they respect him more than any of their other teachers.
‘Oh, you’d love to,’ Dean says, tilting his head to one side and gesturing at his own body. ‘Who wouldn’t want to hit
Dean decides he is the neighbourhood hostess. He invites the neighbours over for a cookout and takes delight in picking out the best burgers at the store. He lays coal under the grill with the tender care of a painter and wears a horrific apron – floral pink and grey, with ‘kiss me, I’m the cook’ printed on it – and Cas can barely look at him because he wants to kiss the cook so damn much. The neighbours – a married couple with three young kids – come over with a small crate of beers. Cas sits at the patio table with the adults, talking about schools in the local area while Dean flips burgers and watches the kids roll around on the lawn. Jack gets on really well with these other kids, and they’re playing a game halfway between soccer and wrestling. Dean sees himself and Sam in the children, although these kids seem so much freer. He’s so glad that Jack isn’t God anymore, that he’s just a normal kid living in a small town and playing games on the lawn. He’s so glad that Jack came back to them as a small child with no memories, a clean slate ready to be filled with love and happy memories and day trips with his dads. Dean is doing better than his own father, he reckons. He doesn’t drink himself into a foggy stupor at sleazy bars, or beat Jack. Dean shudders at the thought of ever raising a hand at Jack and is alarmed to find his eyes stinging with tears.
‘I hate to break it to you, but it’s been glaringly obvious to me for at least five years. Why do you think I got Cas and Jack to move in with you?’
The thoughts he’s been having about Cas over the last few weeks – hell, over the last few years – aren’t friendly. They’re the thoughts of a man in love. Dean is in love with Cas, and he knows it. He isn’t quite brave enough to say it yet, but he is increasingly certain that Cas loves him back. Dean can’t stop thinking about Cas’ confession. Those aren’t words that can be taken back, right? Cas can’t have changed his mind. Dean thinks he can see longing in Cas’ crinkled eyes, but maybe he’s just being hopelessly optimistic.
The Impala gently rolls to a halt outside the house. Dean pauses for a silent moment, resting his hands on the wheel and biting his bottom lip. He looks out of his window at the house, then across at Cas, then out at the house again. The sun is low in the sky, and Cas has to squint into the light. Dean feels grateful to be alive, but he doesn’t quite know why.
Cas gets up, sits down next to Dean and kisses him. They make out on the couch like teenagers, and slowly migrate back upstairs. It takes ages to get up the stairs, because Dean keeps stopping to kiss Cas. Dean, who is so deft when it comes to DIY and the Impala and the kitchen, struggles with Cas’ belt buckle. Cas can’t help but laugh, and then Dean’s laughing as well. Their laughter echoes hysterically around the empty house, and Dean lies down because his sides hurt while Cas sinks to the floor, trying to catch his breath.
It’s just a silly throwaway joke, but Cas’ heart bursts into bloom. Something about Dean calling him ‘Cassie’ makes him feel like he’s about to combust with joy.
Cas has no time to consider this. Dean sounds terrified, gasping and crying. Cas gets up and shivers. He hurries out of his room and pauses in the hallway, his hand resting on Dean’s bedroom door. Taking a deep breath, he gently opens it and steps inside. Dean falls still. Maybe everything is okay.
Panic blazes across Dean’s mind. Did they have sex last night? Dean didn’t drink. He didn’t corner Cas in the kitchen. He didn’t kiss him square on the lips, or trail kisses from his jaw to his collarbone to his…
Cas loves teaching. He loves pacing around the front of his classroom with the sleeves of his shirt rolled-up. He loves teaching liberation theology and Buddhism and Aquinas and apocryphal gospels. Little do his students know that they are being taught by an ex-angel, who’s still learning how to be human. The other philosophy teacher is an eccentric middle-aged woman who walks around her classroom barefoot. Her hair is fried blonde, and it hangs off her head like sun-bleached straw. She’s intrigued by Cas, and invites him and his son and his ‘housemate’ over for dinner with her and her husband. Dean is weirdly surprised at how easy it is to make friends in this town. Jack is especially popular.
The school year ends and the summer vacation begins. There’s talk of sending Jack to Sam and Eileen so that Dean and Cas can go to Paris. Dean suggests the plan, and Cas wants to go along with it, but he knows he wouldn’t be able to control himself, so he bats the plan away and insists that they spend the summer at home with Jack instead. They spend most days in the backyard. Cas frets about the effects of the heat on his beloved pants and constantly waters them with his elephant-shaped watering can as Jack squeals with delight and Dean laughs on the side-line and calls Cas an anxious old grandpa. When he isn’t gardening, Cas sits at the table on the patio and reads to Jack. Dean bounces from them to the Impala to the fridge, and becomes weirdly pedantic about making Jack wear sun cream and a sunhat.
Dean appears at the backdoor, about to step into the garden with Claire and Charlie behind him. Sam suddenly has an idea. He whispers it in Cas’ ear, and Cas nods his approval. Sam strides back down the aisle and offers Dean his arm.
‘Do you, Dean Winchester, take Castiel…Novak to be your lawfully wedded husband?’ Rowena asks, pausing over Castiel’s surname.
Every night, Dean lies in bed and imagines making a move. Some nights, he wants to do it in three simple words. Other times, he wants to deliver an emotional monologue. which is scary because Dean Winchester does not do emotional monologues. Most often, though, he imagines just walking up to Cas and kissing him again and again and again. Fuck. If only it were that simple.
Cas can’t say anything except Dean’s name, curling his hand around Dean’s waist and melting. Cas leans in again and kisses Dean’s jaw, then his neck, then his shoulder.
Cas plants roses and geraniums and a Japanese maple tree with fringed red leaves that are a perfect prelude to the approaching fall colours. He also buys a novelty watering-can that’s shaped like an elephant. Dean thinks it’s hilarious. Cas’ eyes light up every time he sees it, and it lives by the back door that opens onto the patio. Jack blows raspberries at it, and Dean can’t help but grin.
Sam sighs. Cas is so old and so wise – and so unbelievably obtuse. Even more obtuse than Dean. Sam knows there’s something between his brother and Cas, and he’s determined to get them to work through it. He can’t live with watching them make heart-eyes at each other. Hell, he’s even seen Dean eyeing up Cas’ ass. ‘Cas, look,’ Sam says, trying not to explode. ‘Dean has literally just put a payment down on a three-bedroom house. I’m sure he’d let you and Jack move in with him.’
Cas has learnt to keep his feelings hidden. He knows that they aren’t reciprocated, and that there’s no point thinking about Dean in
‘Castiel!’ Dean shouts. Not Cas. Not ‘teach’ or ‘prof’ or ‘angel’ or any of the other silly nicknames Dean has for Cas. Three syllables, strangely intimate in their entirety.
‘Jack is going to be the flower boy. And the ring bearer,’ Cas says, already in love with the idea of Jack in a little tux.
Dean wakes up first. The morning light filters through the half-drawn curtains and pools like water on the polished floorboards. Dean yawns, then realises that there is an arm draped across him. He blinks, and shakes his head slightly to push the dream away, but the arm doesn’t move. Dean slowly rolls over. Cas is lying right there, fast asleep. The faintest scruff dusts his strong jawline, and Dean wants to reach out and brush his fingers against it. No, he doesn’t. That isn’t what friends do.
‘Maybe another time,’ Cas suggests, resting his head on Dean’s chest. ‘Sam and Eileen probably aren’t asleep.’ Dean kisses the top of Cas’ head, and turns the light off again.
Everything Dean has ever wanted – warmth, safety, dinner at the same table every night – is his now, and it’s his because of Cas. Dean can’t put all of that at risk. He can’t lose it. Taking a deep breath, he tells himself that what he has is enough – no, more than enough. He is going to keep his feelings for Cas under control.
Dean also knows that Cas deserves better. Cas deserves someone who isn’t scared to hold a guy’s hand in public. Someone who isn’t fifty shades of fucked up, with inherited trauma and a crap childhood to boot. Cas deserves some regular guy, someone whose mind and body aren’t scarred with a hundred battles and a hundred losses.
Dean looks down at the floral plate in his hands, burning to tell the truth. Suddenly, he knows he has to do it. If this moment passes, he’ll go fifteen, twenty, thirty more years without telling Cas how he feels. He takes a deep breath, And another one. And then he speaks.
One, two, three years pass since they bought the house. Jack starts at kindergarten. They settle into a calm routine. Neighbours compliment Dean and Cas on the yard and the good job they’ve done on the place. Dean always claps Cas’ back and beams at the neighbours, basking in pride. Cas always smiles, feeling like a proud husband. Then he burns, hating himself for loving someone he can never have. Something he doesn’t deserve.
