Then the Shurley's moved, and it just so happened they bought themselves a patch of land all the way in Sioux Falls, South Dakota, adjacent to the patch of land owned by John Winchester's old army buddy, Bobby Singer.
"Thanks," she says, seated in a chair across from them. She takes a small, obligatory sip before clutching it in her lap, both hands wrapped around the glass. "And thanks for coming over."
"Yes," Cas says in agreement, though it comes out pretty strained while he searches for the lie to tell. "We're thinking of moving." There's a pretty lengthy pause, and then he continues, pointlessly, "...In." His eyes narrow into a squint, like even he's second guessing himself.
"Boys," Jo said when she not-so-casually strolled their way a short time later. Because she was a smart ass, she pulled her notepad and pen out of the pouch in her apron and looked them over with no recognition at all. "What can I get for you, handsome?" That was an overly flirty question aimed at Dean, one that came with a gratuitous show of cleavage like she wasn't the annoying brat of a little sister he'd never actually wanted in the first place.
"You make everyone leave!" Sam accuses. The way it rushes out of him, Dean knows Sam's saying it just to hurt him, but that's exactly what it does, especially because Sam yells, "I wish it was you who'd go!"
"Fine, whatever. I just -- when I met her, Dean, you and Cas were in Purgatory, you guys were both gone and she was this totally normal girl who let me into her totally normal life and I didn't want to mess that up."
"That'd be the one," Bobby tells him, and his voice is oddly affectionate. "The two of us, me and Rufus, we grew up thick as thieves since practically the day I was born. Only I had me a real mean son of a bitch of a daddy who thought men were supposed to have one kind of relationship and one kind only."
“And if you give me any version of 'I'm fine,'” Bobby imitates, cutting in before Dean can do just that, “I'll kick your ass six ways to Sunday. Don't lie to me, Dean.”
Naomi drifts towards the stairs, then turns and clasps her hands. Again, that creepy Stepford bitchbot smile is on her face. "Well, I'll leave you two boys to it."
And then he snatches the cup, storming his way toward the door with a warned, "Shut your mouth," yelled over his shoulder as he goes.
Dean goes stiff right away. This, people, is regret. "Dude, stop," he whisper-yells at Cas, who is snuggling into him like he's a body pillow. "Like I want your grubby secondhand germs."
He doesn't regret his decision to summon the Empty in the way that he did it. Faced with the same choice, he'd make it every time if the outcome was always Dean's life being spared. But he had resigned himself to that ending. To speaking his truth and not leaving it as a burden on Dean's shoulders, but instead a weight lifted off them.
Cas's only response is to prolong eye contact, which Dean holds like his life depends on it, before Cas casually switches topics. "So, Charlie. She's your girlfriend?"
"Cas doesn't swing that way," Sam says with a laugh, and it's at Dean for being so easily suckered. He gets a little more serious, though, when he starts to think about what he's saying. "Actually, come to think of it, Cas doesn't seem to swing any way. Not really. It's weird, because he definitely
He lifts a hand in the air as a gesture of surrender. "Hey, now. Comes with the coffee. Kinda like how booze and TMI go together."
Sam jogs the four steps down that back porch with a lit up smile. Or, some monster wearing his brother's face does, and it's that possibility -- because, really, what else could it be? Dean just so happened to get popped out of Purgatory and land, of all the freaking places, right in his kid brother's lap? yeah, okay -- that has him reaching back behind him, down into the waistband of his jeans where he's still got a knife.
"You're honestly the biggest creep," Sam accuses into the window, which he's staring out of like he expects Dean will respect his introspection and drop it.
He hears, "I'm sorry," out of Cas, genuinely so, and Sam saying, "Don't worry about it," way too brightly, but he slams his office door before he can hear anything else, like the consensus that, yeah, Dean's a mess.
There's a beat. "Pizza's here." It's hesitantly given, almost awkward, and Cas has to lean his forehead against the tiled wall and close his eyes to will his sudden erection away.
"No, Dean! Why?" he asks, and his eyes are getting watery. His voice wavers when he demands, "Why did you do it? All Cas ever does is help out but you couldn't even be nice to him so now he's gone too."
Looking at it, he can't remember where it's from, or why it would have been taken in the first place, but they look happy. Real happy. He must've been all of four. No Sam, no dad either, but they're smiling big like nothing bad could ever happen to any of them.
Dean, admittedly not at his finest moment, had snarked, "Seriously? It's a coffee shop, dude, we're already scraping the bottom of the barrel here as it is."
Cas' annoyance softens. He still looks pretty frustrated, but this is the kind he blasts Dean with when Dean's not living up to what Cas calls his 'full potential.'
Sam's up and not particularly at 'em, but close enough. He's stopped being a snoring growth on the couch, anyway.
By the end of two more episodes, there's still no word from Castiel and Sam isn't back, so he sends off a quick text to his brother reminding him about the importance of lube and condoms before calling it a night.
"We should go somewhere," Dean decides one day. He's playing video games and Cas, sprawled on Dean's bed where Dean is sitting, has his nose in a book. Cas also has his hand resting lightly against Dean's knee like he craves the contact.
Her lips curled into a dry, mean smile. "Keep tuggin' my braids like that, a girl might think it means something."
The only reason Dean's survived as long as he has is because of Bobby. Which is hilarious considering he's about the only guy on the planet more emotionally constipated than Dean himself.
Sam says to him, "We'll figure it out, Dean. It's not like we have a choice." Dean wonders if Sam's thinking of the Dean that's supposed to be here. That sad, sad, domestic son-of-a-bitch.
In the loose fist his hand's making, his dick twitches. It's unexpected, as is the bolt that tingles like an electric current through the back of his legs down to his toes.
Watching him, Cas' eyes get a couple shades darker, which makes Dean's speed pick back up. He likes doing that, Dean realizes. He likes seeing Cas lose it because of him.
"God," he said into the overly warm skin of Cas's neck, sucking the spot he talked into. "Cas. I want you. Is that weird? I don't care."
With a shrug, she moved down the bar some, faking busy work. "Yeah, well. That's not what Cas said."
So, soon, Cas will change back into his clothes and put on his work vest. He'll make sure his name tag's in place. He'll sweep floors and greet customers and engage in conversations with talkative strangers and, eventually, it all might actually mean something.
Jo rolls her eyes. “Make him check in. Yeesh.” A little softer, probably sensing his raised hackles, she says, "Good job on the job. I mean it."
"You're so dramatic," Sam says, pitching his tone up into that higher, holier-than-thou register that basically implies Dean's a neanderthal.
"Well?" she says, and her eyes are wide, so much so that Dean can practically feel the teasing in the air as if it's turned into something solid. That he wouldn't mind punching.
"Castiel," the guy cuts in, and it's this pumped up, psyched acknowledgment, like him and Cas are buddies that go way back and this is an unexpected but welcome reunion. Which means the gig is up, first of all, but also, the hell? Dean swivels his head around to catch Cas' reaction, but Cas is calm as ever, like some damn master of zen, or awkward public outings.
She eyes the back-to-school display in the window. God bless her, though, she doesn't even grin. Well, not at his expense. "Dean, that's great."
"Why?" he asks, voice cracking. Cas crinkles his forehead like he's trying to recall his reasoning, like he's gotten used to not thinking about that. "I had to spell it out more clearly than
He just figures he should probably find out beforehand. It'd be kind of awkward if he went in for an introduction and it turned out she was some ex-fling or half of a shady affair.
," at him in a raised voice, the kind that implies it's not the first time he's been called, does Dean jolt back to. "You find anything?"
The light flicks on suddenly. Bobby's standing there in the entranceway wearing a tank top and pair of cotton pajama pants. His gaze is planted squarely on Sam, disbelief written plain as day on it. "What in
The emoticon is overkill, but Castiel sends the exact same one back eight seconds later, so fuck it.
Sam pulls away, but not before Dean's sliced open a decent-sized cut along his forearm. Right away, a line of blood trickles out, so he definitely passes that test. He's no shifter.
"Laugh it up," Dean drawls, and Sam does. Dean's not even going to lie, it's the best fucking sound in the world. "So far, squat," he tells him, and because Sam's got that save-the-world-complex, he grows serious.
Flustered, and fuck that, Dean steers them back towards what they've already agreed on, which is, "You asked me on a date." Then, to himself and also his car's upholstery, "Holy crap, how is this my life."
Cas laid back down, but not as close; their legs, however, were still nudged against each other, shins pressed tight, a line of warmth all the way down.
Maybe minutes, because there is a weird jump between the time Cas is rubbing roughly at him through his pants, and him being divested of said pants. Mostly divested, anyway. They wind up bunched down near his ankles, his boxer briefs too, and when he's jolted back into the moment he's atop Cas in a nice, naked, sprawled out way. He's pretty much humping him, is what he's doing, his head bowed, their legs tangled together, and even though Cas has gone mostly soft, it still makes his stomach roll with pleasure every time they line up and drag against each other.
Dean forces himself to swallow. Which is good, because at the tip of his tongue was something like, 'hey, baby, wanna put our dicks together?' and that's the sort of thing people are arrested for.
"Whatever, I'm not the one thinking dick jokes in the googly-eyed section of a craft store. Yeah," she says real quick, "I saw the hamster wheel spinning. Maybe I should congratulate you on your heroic restraint, 'cause, dude. 1D? Total penile setup."
But Cas laying next to him felt different than, say, Benny from work playfully wrapping Dean up in a hug from behind that turned into some good-natured humping. You know, obviously. Dean had laughed and swung at Benny until he was let go, and his feelings during and after it had happened never ventured to a place where he had to ask himself 'am I into to that?'
It's that last thought that has him reaching for Cas before he even knows he's doing it, but it's like the second he moves, they're in this shit together. They meet in the middle of the bed, chest to chest, and Cas wasn't lying, he's still impressively hard. Dean's only got a semi going on right now, but even that's messing with his brain so there's this constant mental shout of "WHAT ARE YOU DOING, DUMBASS!" happening.
They stayed like that for several minutes, mapping each other out right there with the fridge's door handle biting into Dean's back and every dirty roll of Cas's hips making things wobble nosily on the shelves inside.
"Eyes," Kevin's whining, a hand slapped over his face as he fumbles his way back out of the room, "scorched retinas, oh god. Please let me be blind, please let me be blind--"
"No, me too," Dean says back real quick, and his voice is gruff from how vulnerable he feels, how he instinctively has to toughen it up just so no emotion can get through, but the thought of making Cas feel bad is worse than lowering his guard a little. He still immediately deflects. Lightly, he adds, "And Tolk. Think she keeps revenge-pooping, man."
"Dean and Castiel," he says in the drunkest, sappiest, happiest voice. "I should tell you this now. Listen, I have to confess." He drops his voice to that stage-whisper again, pulling Dean and Cas both closer. "I love you guys."
Dean drags Cas's shirt up his chest and starts kissing him there. It's one of his usual moves, and the lack of boobs is another douse of reality, but Cas throws his head back, calling out Dean's name again, so fuck the norm.
Cas keeps going with his chore. One crate atop another, his biceps flexing beneath his shirt. "Should I apologize, then? That seems to be a requirement with you."
He's got a perfectly good reason for not wanting to hand deliver hot chocolate to someone he doesn't even know, for christ's sake: as co-owner of On Higher Grounds, he's got customers to take care of. Who are all already seated and content with their purchases, sure, but, hey. Maybe Jody'll want a refill before she goes. That's on him.
"Keep it in your pants," Dean mocks, but as per 98% of his zingers it goes ignored and unappreciated.
Cheeks flaming, he clears his throat and books it towards the store with the silent prayer that, for the love of god, please let that embarrassment have gone unwitnessed.
She makes a face that's all bewilderment and disbelief, still so gorgeous he feels like he should be, you know, asking her to prom or seeing if she wants to wear his letterman. She's effortlessly pretty in a way that transports him back to high school, mostly because he drops about 40% in terms of coolness; meanwhile she's so out of his league it hurts.
"Look." This tone is different. This is Sam being serious. Dean is immediately defensive. "I know you guys got off on the wrong foot or whatever--"
Cas licks his lips and makes himself swallow. From his slight wince, Dean guesses his throat must be sore, and that should be a cold dose of reality, but Cas doesn't give it time to fester. "Stop saying stupid things we've already established as fact."
"Dammit," he says once he recovers, though his blood pressure is flipping out, "collar with a bell, Cas. Wear one."
"I'm not gonna show her your skeletons, man," Dean says, a little offended that Sam's as appreciative as he is. He may be a dick sometimes, but come on. He's got his limits.
Cas gets the hint. He slips his hand out of Dean's pants, leaning forward and dropping a kiss on Dean's mouth to distract them both from the jizz he's wiping off on Dean's shirt. Awesome. Dean barely even cares though. There is come trickling down his thigh, itchy from his wet boxers, and that's something he cares a little more about, but not enough to put an end to the lazy way Cas is kissing him.
"Yeah," Dean says, and his voice, like Cas', is rough, straining from the very back of his throat, "go ahead. Do it. Do it, Cas."
route with the shaming and yelling. Maybe he was a little stunned, too, which told Dean how often it happened that he bit his tongue in favor of lashing out. That wasn't a great feeling, and it was no real surprise, then, that he felt a responding swell of annoyance. When in an emotional crisis, default to anger. That was the Winchester way.
Sunlight trickles into the small fort through the entranceway and a window eleven-year-old Cas sawed out. It's not bright inside, but Dean can see Cas looking around, the memories hitting hard. They saw a girl's boobs for the first time in here. In a magazine, but still. Once, when Cas' parents were fighting, Dean offered to live in their treehouse with him, even if Bobby said he couldn't.
"Winchester," it muses. Its gaze crawls over to Cas's. "That makes you the angel." It wheezes out a laugh. "I'm sorry. Human."
Thirty actual seconds later the book has to be thrown in a waste basket as it succumbs to its ashy ending, just as the smoke alarm starts to blare.
Embarrassed by how honest-to-god happy for him she sounds, he ducks his head and fights off the urge to brush the compliment off. Praise always does weird things to him. It's probably a side effect of being raised by a stone-cold dickweed for a father, but who's footing that therapy bill? It doesn't help that most of his reasons for getting the job in the first place are on the sketchy side of things, which makes him feel gross.
He doesn't do anything about it now, outside of wrapping his fingers and tugging lightly at the places that feel best.
Dean and Cas stare at each other in wide-eyed fear. How the hell does Bobby know, holy freaking shit.
It takes him a moment, then Cas says, "No," which is so obviously bullshit, but Dean lets the lie go. "We're fine," forced and faked for his benefit, is harder to swallow.
Cas flicks on the light behind him, surprising Dean. He didn't know he was followed down. The idea that Cas is here to help out and take care of his brother makes Dean pause and feel real damn sentimental.
Dean tears his eyes off of Cas once more, adopting some bravado. "Still doesn't explain a damn thing to me, or why you sons-a-bitches have Cas in the first place."
"Okay," Dean says, his eyes rising finally to meet Cas'. They flare teasingly and he warns, "You might want to stay back, it's about to get hot."
Day five brings more of the same, except Dean spots Cas having a tense phone conversation outside the shop beforehand.
"Ha-ha," Dean plays along, but he bites it out, his patience already wavering at zero. There's like, an entire tiny ecosystem that's formed life on an old plate he's trying to scrub clean and the combo of his increasingly frustrated scrubbing and Sam's know-it-all tone is making him want to pitch both objects of his annoyance across the room.
The alternative, however, is this. Him and Dean constantly weighing the scales of their crimes against one another. It's the last thing he wants. To lose Dean? It's unacceptable.
Sam had judged him earlier, when Dean left his room to grab a bite to eat. He didn't say anything though, too gripped by the phone call he was on (ten to one it was Jess, and woo boy about that) but as Dean passed by him to the fridge he was given the
It gets real then. More real, anyway, than the ten minutes ago when Dean thought it would be an awesome idea to fondle his best friend. Who is a dude.
Sam's always been able to tell when Dean's one more heartfelt confession/angsty admission away from having his fight-or-flight instincts kicking into gear. Dean's pathetically glad that still hasn't changed. "I guess," Sam says, conceding.
Christine's started nodding along, but she stops when Sam asks, "So, hey. Weird question, but Jason -- he wasn't having nightmares, was he? Or, I don't know, seeing things that maybe weren't there?"
Dean feels his left ass cheek vibrate, only realizing after he breaks the staring contest with Cas that the cause is his phone. With an apologetic glance, he pulls it from his pocket and reads the lock screen.
Cas's longing is coming through loud and clear. Dean feels it slam into his chest, wiggle around in there. Light up all his guilt.
Cas tightens his jaw, huffing out quick breaths through his nose. "You should show me some respect."
Cas fisted his hands in the front of Dean's shirt, roughly prying Dean off of him. Dean had nowhere to go but to tilt back, his legs trapped between Cas's and the dresser, sock-covered feet just barely on the floor. There was this weird moment of realizing they were pressed together pretty damn closely, and holy shit was there testosterone and tension leaking out everywhere, but Cas was pissed. More than Dean had ever seen him before, even.
"Absolutely," he agrees, totally cool about it, even though he might as well be a living, breathing exclamation point right now. He's so stoked; there's a 100% chance he's grinning like an idiot, and he tries to reel it in some, but there's no taming it.
It's so routine that, on that twelfth day, Dean's already got a hot chocolate toasty warm and ready to go. Just, you know, to avoid being around one another any longer than they need to.
Dean stumbles on the third step, and the seventh, and on the ninth he almost manages to keel him and Cas both over the edge of the bannister, which would not have been conducive to his game.
Cas finally sits down beside Dean, which makes Dean feel awkward for all of three seconds while Cas fusses around and gets comfortable, arranging a paper towel napkin in front of him. "You always say that. Well, the other-you."
Cas was oblivious to the conversation. Didn't mean Dean felt comfortable talking about him like he wasn't a shout away.
That cuts the fight right out of him. It knocks Dean flat on his ass, easy. "What am I supposed to say to that, Sammy?"
Dean took a pause to nuke his emotions somewhat, because right now he was near that point where he thought his fists did much better with words than his mouth. "We don't know that."
"Don't talk to strangers," Dean calls after him, once Sam's started weaving in between the scattering of tables and chairs on the way to the bathroom. The glare he gets is worth it.
Sam doesn't startle, but he does twist around quick, like he just got caught in the act of something way more lewd than making a concerned call to his brother.
Sam gives off a wholly impressed vibe, while Cas shifts away from him a smidge, suddenly very interested in a spot on the wall.
Cas stares at him some more before deciding, whatever the fuck Dean's problem is, it's not worth calling him out on.
"Look, it's a little weird, but only because." He sighs at himself, eyeing the ceiling briefly. "God, this is so dumb. We, you know. Text. Me and Cas. And, no,” he's quick to insist, “it's not what you think."
It's obvious the dude wants to say something, and maybe if Dean's hackles weren't still raised from their first couple of encounters he might be inclined to wade some awkward waters and get it out of him, but instead he feels prickled enough that he doesn't care. Let him flounder.
Dean snorts, then covers the sound up by dragging a hard noise out of the back of his throat. "You gotta say it, man."
Cas freaking nuzzles Dean's palm. "I love you," he says, and it feels sad, it feels like an ending, but they're the best three words Dean's ever heard, he's going to remember this for the rest of his shitty life when Cas is some big shot writer and Dean's mopping floors at fast food joints.
"Sure. Never mind. Until when, I say the wrong thing again?" Cas doesn't answer, so Dean pushes on. "Man, you gotta let it go. Whatever he did, whatever I did. Forgive and forget."
"Not really the reaction I was expecting," Dean quips. He waves the knife in front of him to say: hello, sharp pointy thing here to kill you?
He hears Castiel says, "That was... unexpected," and then, from Charlie, but more snarky, "He's full of surprises."
The woman smiles. There's something straight up condescending about it. "Mr. Winchester. I apologize for the unorthodox approach, but after that little... we'll call it a sneak peek, I think even you'll agree that where Castiel belongs is here. In Heaven."
Cas steps forward. Dean, like a cornered animal, drops his gaze to the floor. "I fell," Cas reminds him tersely, and there's a hardness there just so they're both aware of who is meant to be the punished one here.
Cas glares at the bed but he lets himself be manhandled back into it. Dean absolutely doesn't tuck him in, but he waits to make sure he's comfortable before stepping out.
nerve wracking for me, to approach you. But for you, it was so far out of your realm of reality that a man like me might find you attractive, you couldn't even tell my intent. Even now, you--"
Yeah, Sam bustles around him like he's equal parts sorry Dean's as sad of a sack as he is and overeager to stay on Dean's good side, but so long as they aren't caring-and-sharing, what does Dean care.
"I have regrets," he tells him, going soft-eyed, like admitting that is dredging up some hardcore embarrassment.
. He doesn't actually expect Cas to match it or accept it as the challenge that it is -- as far as Dean knows, Cas is exactly the same tense, virginal nerd he was as an angel -- but Cas looking almost offended isn't something he's expecting either.
And because it's shaping up to be a great goddamn morning so far, he sends Castiel the screenshot of Sam's drunken texts. Why the hell not? It makes him laugh rereading it. He's going to print it out and have it framed for the refrigerator, for real.
Dean unbuttons his shirt. He swallows hard and breathes out through his mouth and takes that shirt, and the one underneath it, off. Cas stares at Dean's bare chest the same way Dean's pretty sure he stares at pie. His heart thuds hard. It beats real fast and speeds up and this is definitely happening now.
He does it against his will and after some light-hearted heckling, with a look that implies Dean isn't as charming as he'd like to think he is. For that, Dean raises a toast at his retreating back, because he's a smartass, but Cas ignores that like he ignores everything else Dean does to purposely harass him.
He lingers long enough to pass something between them, this unspoken apology, but then he's gone out the door. The jingle of the bell as he goes makes Dean want to throw the left behind cup of hot chocolate at it.
Cas catches on quick and, reverse-army crawl style, scoots out from beneath Dean to drag himself higher up the bed. As he goes, the tie slides out of Dean's fingers, and Dean, this one time only, says a silent 'thank you' to Cas's mom for making him wear what he long ago dubbed Cas's 'holy tax accountant' look on Sundays. Because as soon as Dean settles back on top of him, his ass sitting pretty just below Cas' obvious and tented bulge, he grabs the silk fabric again.
Cas's brother, Gabe, had died from a freak accident, and it sent Cas on this half-cocked, impulsive roadtrip that spanned eight states to try and find his dad, who at that point had been MIA for going on twenty years. That had actually been one of the things they'd bonded on early in their friendship; because, hey, nothing said 'lifelong bffs' like 'deadbeat dads.'
"Hey, man, just calling to say thanks for coming over last night. Yeah, I can't wait to tell you in person how
Dean says, "I wanted to let you know—” Cas's head whips back up the second Dean started talking, maybe because, somehow, he already recognizes the familiarity of it. Dean meets his gaze and something squeezes inside him, something that's been missing too damn long. "I've been noticing you all night. For a while now, honestly, and. I wanted you to have that."
Dean knocks back against the pillow a couple times to loosen it up and settles, eventually, on his back, staring at the ceiling. There are water marks spotting the entire thing. Probably they're going to be poisoned by mold. Awesome.
Dean opens the porch door, looking for Sam, and finds him right where he expects him. He's sitting on the steps, hunched over on the phone.
Uncomfortable with how genuine the moment's turned, Dean slips past Cas with a blow-off clap to his shoulder. "Okay."
She snorts, then shoots him a look when she realizes he's being completely serious. "You know, I dated a Constantine cosplayer once. But then she treaded to the darkside, so, adios. Sherlock fandom," Charlie clarifies for him with a cringe, registering his cluelessness. "God, no. Hot angel-types I can do, but I draw the line at old, whiny dudes with manpain."
"I got promoted! Sort of, on a technicality, with extortion--you know what, never mind. Pay raise! Hey-o!"
Something must show on his face because Sam slows and frowns and starts to hold his hands warily out in front of him. "Woah. What's up with you?"
After five minutes and a whole lot of enthusiastic audience applause, Dean sighed and yelled, "Cas!"
Dean ups his smirk a couple notches so it more resembles a leer. "Anywhere you'd like," he drawls. It makes Cas cough out a noise of secondhand embarrassment, which has Dean wavering in his flirtation a little. Still, he keeps eye contact with her, even as she pulls back and stuffs her pen into the hair behind her ear.
When he looks, it's Cas he finds attached to it, which is a small surprise that's quickly overwhelmed by the look of trust Cas is trying to convey. That confusion's dwarfed by Cas swooping forward, much too fast for Dean to do anything but feel his stomach dive, and then he's being kissed--on the cheek.
"So, pyro? That's cool. Respectable.” Then she says, “Please don't burn our boss down, he really is kinda awesome—once you get past the personality, and the dorky coat, and that thing where he freakishly likes bees to the point where sometimes it's two in the morning and you've OD'd on one anime porn too many and the next thing you know you're asking yourself, 'is there a community out there that wants to sex bees?' which leads to mentally scarring Google searches and—oh!" she blurts, her face doing that thing it does when— “Customer!”
," he greets enthusiastically, "welcome to casa de--" That's as far as he gets because with the door open, his eyes fall very quickly upon a face that has become super familiar to him recently. "Ah."
Cas backs up, withdrawing. He's like an entirely new person, like Dean switched channels and landed on a different show. "We're done in here and you've helped considerably, so thank you."
Their best guess so far is time travel. How, Dean doesn't know. For one, it doesn't explain where Cas went, the Cas he had a hold on when they booked it out of Purgatory. It doesn't explain why there's no other-Dean around clamoring for attention, except for the fact that, according to Sam, the Dean here goes away for months at a time to sow his wild oats, or whatever. It doesn't explain a damn thing.
Right. Because the Dean that exists in this time, future-Dean, he's sort of a jackass. A fun-sucking, all-work-and-no-play-makes-Dean-a-dull-boy, friendless dick, pretty much.
Dean turns onto his back. It makes it so him and Cas are shoved up against each other, shoulder to shoulder. "Cas."
Dean gets home a few hours later only to find Sam curled up on the couch with Cartoon Network muted on the TV. When the front door closes after him, Sam sits up. In the dark, he looks like a little kid. When he says Dean's name, he sounds scared. The kind of scared he used to sound a couple years back, them sharing the same motel bed and their dad gone for days. It breaks something inside of Dean.
Dean plants his palms on the floor and shoves Cas off of him. Cas must've been expecting something like that to happen, though, because he doesn't topple all the way over.
He parks as close to their room as he can, killing the engine. Cas hangs back, waiting, and Dean entertains the idea of fleeing before he internally chastises himself for being such an asshole.
Eventually a door slams, and Dean knows Cas is in the garage. He hears the radio come on -- freaking local news -- and then boxes being shuffled around soon after.
Cas swallowed hard while he ducked his head, then he seemed to draw himself tall again. "There was a time I had only the hallucinations of my brother to keep me company. And the demon Meg. I found one preferable to the other."
It makes her bangs fall into her face, and she blows them out of the way while asking, "Can I help you?"
Dean huffed out a short laugh. Cas, too, and then they were both laughing in earnest at how stupid they were, how stupid they'd been, look how easy this was.
"It's my fault you looked like a sweet lil' angel--ow!" Sam punches him in the shoulder, hard. It stings, too, which happens more often these days than Dean cares to admit. Underneath all that brain, Sam's finally developing some brawn.
, is what Dean's thinking, just as he lunges forward and jabs his knife at Sam, but it's not with the intent to do any real damage. Well, unless the son-of-a-bitch is a monster walking around in his brother's skin. Then he's all for a nasty and painful ganking.
"Next time," Dean tells him, sounding confident. If this is again about the date, Cas would rather there not be a next time. Not when they keep winding up with him nearly dead.
Cas, previously occupied with flipping through reruns on Dean's TV, merely stares at it a few beats too long before he realizes he's supposed to take it.
Another day, another dropped meal, only this time it's a sandwich that clatters to the floor. The plate breaks too.
His hand's still on his -- he lets go abruptly, scrambling to turn the water off. The sudden quiet is disconcerting but welcoming. "I'm all finished," he calls out, his voice cracking.
The fact that Cas thought that was even a possibility was what made anger charge its way through his body. He dragged Cas to his feet and shoved him against the sink. Cas went limp at first, but then something changed and the pity he'd been wallowing in fled the fuck off, replaced with a sudden shot of defiance. He met Dean's gaze like he expected an argument, but he didn't care. He was going to say what he wanted to say regardless of how uncomfortable it made Dean.
Dean plops his burger back down. Not as a point to make, but close enough. "Yeah," he snorts. "Okay."
"I don't feel very... at them," Cas says, and his voice has gone scratchy. He stands there a second longer, blinking with vacant, glossy eyes, before turning and disappearing back down the hall.
Dean is basically bored out of his mind and experiencing cabin fever in its every stage when Cas comes downstairs one morning, dressed to go. Dean immediately perks. He could do with a taste of the outside world. See what this town is really about. Observe the natives. Etc, etc.
"So, dish," Charlie says to him as she's straightening a row of crazy high-priced mechanical pencils. He pretends to be doing the same, except he's more just messing up what's been already slightly organized because he's bored and maybe regretting, oh, his entire life, no big deal. "You apply at a craft slash paper store because you're... hm, closet geek?" she guesses, eying him like that's her chief diagnosis.
Cas nods and walks past. Along the way, it hits him. "Oh." He turns back to Dean, who's rooted in the same place. "I have no other clothes."
Dean's heart actually stops and stutters at that, hammering weirdly in his chest for a couple of blown away beats. Closing the Gates of Hell. He didn't think anything like that was even possible. He doesn't know what to say. It feels too much like he's in some djinn fantasy world suddenly, with his brother here, with Cas, with the whole friggin' planet wiped mostly clean of monsters. This is the thing of wishes.
Sam's confused gaze lands back on his. It's also consoling, which immediately sends Dean's stress levels skyrocketing because --
Dean snaps a look at Cas that begs him to not read into that, raising his voice to say, "We've got company," and then, "Shut up."
They stared at one another like a couple of sex-crazed weirdos and then it was a no-stops porno from then on. Dean went straight for Cas's mouth, kissing him like he'd been doing it his whole life, as Cas stuck a hand between them and worked on freeing Dean from his pants.
"Go fish," Cas says, and for someone who once was a bad ass angel of the Lord that's been around for a millennia of time, he sounds way too smug over a friggin' card game.
Ten minutes later when Cas finally showed up with his normal-scowl intensified because of a bad morning that included several vomiting children and many gold star stickers threatened to be taken away, Lisa was still there, her and Dean curled into each other like the head and tail ends of a pair of parenthesis.
"I'm good on the eagles," he tells her with a little bit of wry humor that she seems to appreciate, so, score. "Go figure. I'm here more for... yeah, you guys hiring?"
The twenty-third day is a complete effin' surprise, because guess who shows up? First customer of the day, too.
Sam makes him change into clothes, and when he comes back out of his bedroom afterwards, instead of having his compliance acknowledged and applauded, Sam tosses the keys to the Impala at him.
This is going from bad to worse. He's sported a few embarrassing, accidental stiffies in his time, all in front of Sam, and all because of their constant shared quarters--and adolescence was a bitch--but, fuck, Sam is family. He'd fling a pillow at Dean, and for half a second Dean would feel like cutting his own junk off just so it'd never happen again, but that'd be it. Boner killed.
Dean rambles, "And besides, the heroics? Kinda suck at this point, this many deaths in. You might wanna try something new, just sayin'."
He's leaning in so close. Definitely a lightweight. Or maybe this is strategic. Get near enough, breathe up all a guy's oxygen. Make him lose his mind a little.
Maybe he does have something of a loser complex, because Cas' words only kick up a lot of self-loathing. "Awesome. Hey, nice to know I freak you out."
Okay, fair answer. They wouldn't. Dean doesn't even know why he thought it in the first place, except, again, the picture from the fridge enters his mind. He wouldn't say they looked particularly cuddly in it, and as far as he remembers, neither him nor Cas were even smiling, but still. It's not like Dean's the type who captures photographic memories with someone, then hangs it up for all to see beneath freaking pink flamingo magnets. He didn't even fall that far with Lisa, and Lisa was
"What," Dean says, aiming for teasing and landing somewhere more towards forced, "like we finally got that trip to the Grand Canyon? Sam," he says, lighter now, clapping a hand on his brother's shoulder, "if you wanna fess up over how you bawled like a baby, I'm here for you--"
"And, yeah," Sam was continuing, never mind that Dean's brain was suggesting all sorts of helpful exit strategies he was seconds away from putting into use, "she's kind of..."
Sam checked over the excerpts he'd copied and pasted into a document. These being especially long sections, he'd initially skimmed over the details in order to move on, but even a quick glance had convinced Sam that these particular bits were important enough to put aside for in-depth analysis. The first excerpt started on Valentine's day, 2010. The day they'd killed Famine.
I'm sorry it's been so long guys. I had a huge ice storm out here. No electricity. No wifi. NO FANFICTION. But after three days of misery, I'M BACK BITCHES.
Truth be told, Dean had no idea where the guy was standing on such a topic. He didn't even know if angels could
Sam sighs, looking exasperated, but it’s in a good way; his eyes twinkle and his lips pull upwards at the corners.
Sam pulls his phone close to his ear. “Dean, I need you to speak up. What happened?” He hears his elder brother’s sniffles. “De-”
Dean grabs a plate of chili-pepper mangos, and chews thoughtfully on the tangy slices of orange fruit.
Sam had laughed at that, and Dean mimed a pair of scissors. "Seriously though. Your hair's getting pretty long, dude. Better hope whoever she is likes long hair cause otherwise she might just cut it off while you sleep."
Castiel had lived for a long time. Eleven years was nothing more than a blink compared to his millennia-old consciousness: a
Sam listened nervously to the sound of Dean's breathing. He really wished he'd had the foresight to come up with a better cover story.
And then the longing, the desire, to hear those two words just one more time.. One more time, and then he would finally do it, one more time, and he could die in peace, one more time, again and again, those two words pulled his bleeding body from the nail, and told him to get up, to keep fighting.
The hours blurred by, and Sam's eyes eventually retreated into exhausted squinted slits of concentration, and by four in the morning, he'd lost count of the number of coffee mugs he'd refilled. Charlie had managed a couple hours of searching for Dean's notes—nothing found so far—before passing out on Cas's armchair, and Sam had carried her to Cas's room, where she'd been sleeping ever since then.
“STOP.” Cas manages to keep his voice steady, emotionless. He is too grateful when Hannah’s voice appears in his mind, ordering his immediate presence.
Green eyes met blue, and Cas felt his heartbeat rising, then falling, crashing and stalling with each breath that came, and he wondered, paralyzed if this was it. If Dean would finally just
"Okay now I just…" he carefully slipped the triangle off, and steadied his cue stick, aiming straight for the top of the pyramid. With a firm strike, the balls scattered across the green felt, ricocheting off one another with heavy thunks, a sound now both familiar and comforting to Dean.
Dean pulls out his phone and dials Sam’s number, almost dropping the cell due to how badly his bruised and bloodied hands are shaking.
, Cas?" Dean whispers tiredly, his voice breaking, but Cas doesn't answer, and Dean huffs out a bitter laugh, shaking his head.
Cas squinted, still staring at the screen. It was coming up to one of Dean's favorite parts, the infamous fast-draw showdown between Doc Holliday and Johnny Ringo.
"Oh." Cas's eyes flickered down to his coat, and he rubbed his neck sheepishly. "I know, I just—I prefer to keep it with me. If anyone happened to break into your car, I wouldn't want it stolen."
Cas pulls up every memory he thinks of, and grips them tightly, trying to remember so that he won't forget.
The first thing Dean notices when he wakes up is that he is strapped by leather cords around his chest, arms, and legs to what at least looks like a dentist’s chair.
That's how Dean felt. There was no way he could ever express his truth in real words, no way he could abandon the safety of his cover, and if Cas didn't understand, or didn't want to understand…
Maybe it was all about saving one human after all. Maybe it was selfish to risk the entire world for one man's life, but hadn't Dean done the same for him? For Sam?
“Uh—” Dean squints into the bowl, trying desperately to swallow the lingering tastes. “Wait- is that- popcorn?”
“Alrighty, now put your feet on the pedals.” Dean turns his head to look at Cas better. “Good. I’m gonna start moving, okay?” Cas nods. “Here we go—”
"Well… see," Dean started, trying to let her down easy. It took guts to invite a strange man back with you, even if it wasn't the girl's real address, he could appreciate the effort. She looked him in the eyes as he struggled to piece together an appropriate non-insane excuse, then she nodded, obviously disappointed.
He remembered a time, long ago, before he’d met Dean Winchester, when the idea of his own death was far simpler. Far more straightforward.
Cas tilted his head, regarding Dean carefully. "Was this friend of yours… were you close?" He said the word like it meant more than Dean had implied.
The memories flood back as Dean feels a sharp aching sensation in his abdomen. The empty. The blade. Cas, holding him gently as they lay on the dungeon floor, so close to death. Then being moved to the impala… and Cas, telling him everything he ever wanted to hear.
“And—and then, when you finally give yourself permission to be happy… and let the sun shine on your face…
Dean hums happily into Cas’s mouth, nudging deeper into the kiss, and oh, it’s never enough, but tonight— it’s
, if he tries to ignore everything that just happened: maybe the Empty won't consider it as true happiness.
to save Cas from the consequences of the deal. Self-sacrifice in the face of another’s sacrifice: the Winchester way. And Cas had known that.
Luckily, the nearest Blockbuster had been closer to the motel than Dean had expected, and so the drive only took about 15 minutes. But he knew he'd remember every second of it.
After a lot of very thorough complaining, Rufus had melted down the spare parts, painted the newly-fashioned band with the same black lacquer finish as Baby’s beautiful color, and polished a small chunk of window-pane glass down to the size and shape of a practical, but noticeable centerpiece.
“Hey, stop stealing all my best lines!” Dean laughs, and when Cas grins, it's the most beautiful thing Dean has ever seen.
Cas remembers. It had only been a week before. The day he’d seen the hunter mostly-naked, so Dean had taught him how to knock, how to shower.
Swallowing, Dean clenched his keys tighter in his fist. What was he supposed to say to something like that? Luckily, Cas continued speaking.
Silvery fog clouds Dean’s vision, tiny whispers belonging to long shadows surrounding him. Then all the sudden, a figure steps out of the smoke. It’s a man, but also not; his colors are desaturated, the most likely tan of his trenchcoat is pale and see through, as is the rest of his body. The one thing that is in perfect focus is the eyes.
Charlie, who's now been properly shamed by his silently doled out judgment, defends herself by saying, "Sorry for thinking you might be the one guy who doesn't get stiff for a cliché."
am the reason the angels--" He has to cut himself off, because the rest is too hard to say. To admit. It makes his breath come more rapidly.
Cas helped them save the world. More than once. And when he came over all human, he probably needed a whole new identity. Sam probably suggested the surname as a gesture of kumbaya and brotherly appreciation and future-Dean more than likely went along with it because Cas is, well. Cas. Whatever that even means anymore.
"Thirsty?" he asks Cas. He's going through the motions of a civilized host only because it's been so damn long since he did something other than wallow inside his apartment. Feels kinda weird, honestly, to not be heating up a Hot Pocket right now.
Their hips slot together and they're pretty much standing there hugging, arms wound around each other, chests rising and falling in time so Dean feels Cas's exhale for each of his ragged inhales.
"Righhhhht," Dean says. He understood maybe 3% of that, and the part that actually sticks is the reason he winds up saying, "Girlfriend, huh?"
"Kevin's still propheting like a pro. Kid's got some kinda attitude, though. He shot an arrow at me, Cas. An arrow."
Noticing Cas is hovering outside his door, he stops gathering up the rest of Tolk's stuff, including the catnip toy he picked out for her from a CVS because it was shaped like a carrot.
Cas caught on quick, but they'd done this before. Twice, actually. Dean didn't blame him for the wary way he kept the table between them, not convinced that this was going to be anything more than a rough kiss that ended fast.
"I'll be back," he says to him, not noticing or not caring of the way Dean's sliding to the end of the couch, antsy and eager to leave. Cas' words have him coming to a dead halt though.
They get the address for the third vic off the obituary. It winds up being three blocks from Sam and Amelia's place, a place Dean has yet to visit and has about as much desire to as he does lighting himself on fire. Which is to say, zero. He is interested to the amount of zero. They ride over in Sam's car, though calling it that is being generous. There's banjo-laden music coming out of the speakers that makes Dean feel angry inside, rationally so, and the whole thing is so compact, his knees are touching the dashboard.
For some reason, Cas is wide-eyed, staring at Dean like he committed some social faux pas. Dean's struggling to figure out why, until Sam sniggers and covers it up with a cough. Then it hits: date, honey.
Dean knows that Sam knows the exact moment he spots it, because it's like being slammed into a wall of smugness.
Which, of course, only made Cas take another step closer. Dean decided he'd had about enough of that, so he took off and didn't care one way or another right then who followed.
Dean steals a quick glance at his brother, who is rosy-cheeked from liquor and lust, wedged deep into the couch having a heated discussion about Game of Thrones with Charlie, Anna, and Jess.
"Sex, Cas. I mean, you're usually pretty clueless, man, but this?" He makes a whistling to noise to say Cas is beyond his level of help. It's mean, but that's good. Mean is good.
Cas' room was beside his. The door was shut, but Dean barely rapped his knuckles against the solid surface before pushing it open.
“Yeah, who keeps sticking you with the crap shifts. You said she made you work a double this weekend.”
"I'll have the salted caramel latte," he says, while coming to a stop at the counter. His eyes are scanning the giant menu plastered behind Dean's head, so Dean gets a solid three seconds of gaping in before that gaze drops back down and locks on his, expectantly. Maybe, too, a little curiously.
Dean grits his teeth and switches on the blinker, pressing his foot against the gas until they're going fast enough to pass the car ahead. "What? Spill it."
"You're not exactly subtle, you know," Cas says in his usual dry rumble, reminding Dean that he's not alone and, oh yeah, that he's an asshole. It doesn't make him feel any better about himself, but his brain can't help but supply the fact that, even if him and Cas mutually get each other off, never mind his feelings for the guy, no one said this thing was exclusive.
"Looking for something?" Gabriel asks. Even though he phrases it like an employee aiding a wayward customer, there's something in his voice that Dean swears sounds like he
The bed dips between them. Cas shifts restlessly, which makes the blanket tighten around Dean. The bed dips some more.
"Huh," Sam says. He squints in that general direction again, but at least he's not so blatant this time around. "You know, that guy
Something about that word rolled around not-quite-right in Dean's head. It wasn't obligation that tied him to Cas. It never had been, not on his side anyway.
He barks, "What?" while he sits at the edge of his bed, like he's been there the whole time, like he hasn't been agitated and pacing.
He threw the arm not tucked against Cas out to the side, relishing the coolness of the bedsheet. He felt awesome and boneless and now he had inescapable firsthand knowledge of what Cas's o-face looked like, so there was no going back.
There's a line tethered to him that keeps tugging him towards Sam, and he's gonna follow it, but here, now, with Cas and all of Heaven laid out in front of him, it doesn't feel so taut, doesn't feel like a lifeline. It feels like he's ready to let it go.
at that, because, hey. He gets it. He'd work at a dump too if it meant flirting with a cute girl all day.
Dean watches Cas's face and sees the exact moment it hits. When he understands. Everything goes soft. "Dean...?"
"I wanted to thank you," Jack says, "for... everything. So the Empty and I made our own deal. And now you're back." His smile, mystifying and secretive, makes it clear Cas isn't meant to hear the details.
“Ugh, okay, okay, stop. What the hell is wrong with you? Gross, Dean.” Sam makes a face like he’s mentally bleaching his brain, and before Dean can work up any offense to that, he continues primly, “I don’t go into disturbing detail about me and Eileen.  You can log your sex life with someone else.”
And then there's the familiar rumbling of a very obnoxious engine, a blinding pair of headlights, and that comforting sense of wholeness and rightness only Dean seems to bring him.
Dean spins back around, hands held out at his sides. "So, what, you screwed up, I screwed up; here's a free pass?" It's sarcastic on purpose, and he drops it to say, "It doesn't work that way."
Sam's stare stays on him a while longer, like his brain's a computer and it's trying to process Dean -- and, hey, good luck with that -- before he gives up and looks out at the backyard. "No," he says again, with this ironic smile there in his voice. Which, ouch. Then he shifts and looks at Dean again, suddenly determined. "You know, it's so weird. Having all these memories with you, you not remembering."
When Dean's right next to him, the water lapping at both of their chests, Cas starts to grow suspicious. "What are you doing?"
Cas frowned and veered into the kitchen. Because of the open layout of their apartment, Dean could see him raiding the fridge from his spot on the couch. He came out of the thing with a beer, which was rare. When Cas drank, as seldom as that happened too, he usually went for the hard stuff. Outside of his habit of sneaking sips off of Dean's beer, anyway.
After a while, Cas catches on that Dean's openly ogling his hoardings. He glances over suspiciously, giving Dean a quick, squinty-eyed look to confirm things before safely looking back at traffic again.
Heaven, makes him want to drive his fist into something solid. It makes his heart speed up out of control, too stupid to realize there isn't even a threat anymore, Sam clearly did a bang-up job, but it's a frantic,
"Goodbye," Cas tells Hank obediently, whose whole face falls when Cas steps closer into the embrace. Dean almost feels bad for the guy. He must be crushing pret-ty bad. Probably it's that, and his sadistic nature, that makes Dean stop and bury his face into the side of Cas' neck. For real, that happens. Cas goes rigid as soon as Dean's up in his space, and when he inhales and rubs his nose into Cas' skin just where all that unruly hair begins, he feels, and then hears, Cas' own sharply blown out breath.
"Of course we do," Dean argues instantly. The habit is as ingrained in him as sleeping. "You die, or disappear for days at a time, first thing you do is the damn check. What the hell are you talking about?" Stronger this time, Dean wonders if this is actually his brother. If maybe he's still in Purgatory. Or if this is some fucked up side effect of being ripped through a portal.
But since the Crowley deal. Since the Purgatory souls and Sam's mind-wall and, hell, everything in between, it's been harder and harder to figure out
His elbows buckled from the weight and his knees threatened to give out while he tried to pull himself together. Finally he straightened back under the stream of water, tipping his head back like he might be able to flush away what he'd just done, what the strands of come between his fingers were proof of. Shit and fuck.
Cas takes the ring out of Sam's left hand. He holds it close, examining it, testing its weight. Then slips it on his finger. The correct one, too.
He looks up, squeezing his eyes shut to ward away the patheticness of what he's about to say. "So, Lisa's here."
Dean loses his Jack and a nine card before it's his turn again, and by then, Cas looks proud of his doings, like this is some serious business shit, not a card game for kids.
"I hate to bring logic to the table, but these guys?" Dean gestures at the papers Sam is looking through. "Adam and Eve, not Adam and Steve."
"You're so bossy sometimes, jeez," Sam says, eyeballing him hard. That's because Sam has started to hero worship Cas, hoping to leech off Dean's BFFship with him in order to fuse their nerd minds together, just so him and Cas can dork out over the same dumb comics and braid each other's hair. Dean loves the kid, and he gets it, Cas is awesome, but right now he doesn't want to share.
Instead he gapes at Cas, waiting for his brain to translate that into something that makes any kind of sense. Never actually happens, though, and Cas seems content to silently battle it out, his blank stare locked unflinchingly with Dean's.
Dean perks. His attention getting snatched does the same for Cas, and pretty soon they're sharing the same space on the couch so they can both listen in.
So, anyway, one Thursday around noon, Dean was at one of those embarrassingly tall tables that always made him feel like he was overcompensating for something, his usual black coffee and turkey on rye sandwich in front of him, when some chick dumped all of her belongings beside him.
He slides his hand across it now and tries not to think of it as goodbye when he pats the splintered wood and follows after Cas.
“More like, 'Ass,'” Dean snarks, and then he perks, because, ha. Ass. Holy crap, he's a friggin' genius.
Dean knows from his sprint from the car into work this morning, it's cold enough out there to shrivel things. It's freezing, literally, and the guy couldn't even remember to wear a scarf.
And that, by the way, that whole fun apocalyptic warzone, Dean remembers, was at the hands of an angel locked in a figurative dick-measuring contest with him. Maybe this is something like that. It might be the angels.
"No, don't hang up," he rushes to say. It's messed up, but it feels nice to hear. "Gabriel's--well, he's making lewd noises."
He was kneeling at the kitchen table trying to balance the stack of phone books that were attempting to shift awry when Dean swept into the apartment, the door slamming behind him.
Clearly that's drunk-Dean's brain taking the wheel. Obviously Castiel, at ass o'clock in the morning, isn't going to hop in his car for some late night drinking. Obviously Dean would probably flip out just the same if he was. Sober Dean, anyway. Drunk Dean thinks the more the merrier.
Cas is a much nicer person. He actually placates her, only it's an embarrassing thing to witness. Cas is a guy who doesn't dole out high-fives, if the painstakingly earnest nature of it is anything to go by.
Dean chucks his two over. It winds up in Cas' lap, and Cas huffs at him, unimpressed with Dean already acting like a sore loser.
Something passes behind Cas's eyes, but there are a lot of other things happening at once here to distract from it: Sam's ushering everyone into the kitchen, Jess and Anna are hugging and greeting each other at a decibel level that obliterates every other noise, mutiny has been declared inside of Dean's brain. It's a lot for one person to take in.
Like a kid with a loose tooth, Dean pokes at it. “Yeah, well, I still say you should give it another go. With your boss.”
"Cas," Dean choked out in the shower, his orgasm hitting him so hard he swayed into the tile wall in front of him.
“Dean.” Sam cuts the teasing and tells him, genuinely, “I’m happy for you. Both of you,” he says, his eyes meeting Cas's for a moment. “All kidding aside. I know what it took to get here, and—you deserve it.”
Again Cas's gaze swivels back over to Dean, his eyes immediately searching for something. Dean waits it out, but when Cas says and does nothing, Dean gestures with his head to the padded booth across from them.
Realizing the bedroom tour is still going on, JoAnne comes back out. Something about the sight of Dean and Cas invading each other’s personal space makes her say conversationally, “Are either of you from around here?”
Dean stares at Cas, however, impressed. "Holy crap," he manages. He's got, like, half a boner right now, no big deal. That was
"Right," Dean says awkwardly. Because now he's coming off like some drug addict itching for a fix. He covers with a rocky laugh. "Hell, I can't even tell if he's still in there or not." The phrasing is embarrassing enough as it is, he's not going to clarify. But Cas already knows.
Dean's given up the research as the time-suck that it is. They've gone absolutely nowhere with it, finding nothing useful in any of the books stocked in the library. They don't even have their dad's journal to go through because future-Dean is a needy bastard and he took the thing with him. Took the Impala, too, and that might be what Dean misses most of all, but he's not about to tell Sam that.
? Sam. Tall guy. That same whiny bastard that just left. Him?" This might be what a stroke feels like. "Talk about your bizarro world. How?
Cas steps away just as Dean's brain comprehends the entendre. He’d be more proud, if he wasn’t so instantly horny.
When he looks up, Cas is staring at him with the softest, proudest, most parental gaze, obviously waiting.
"Yeah, I got that." Cas heaves out a sigh, one of his woe-is-poor-human-me kind, and steps out of the mess. He almost slips when he puts his foot back down, but catches himself at the last second, which has Dean biting back a laugh. "How are you so bad at this?" he teases, moving to help out.
But Bobby's the one who gave Dean his first job, it's his chicken scratch that co-signed the lease to Dean's apartment. When Sam, you know, lost it a bit, Bobby kept Dean from going under too, so, yeah, he's kinda like Dean's hero. In jeans and a ratty baseball cap.
The only good thing about it was that Cas seemed oblivious. Thank god. Dean didn't need to defend what had been a purely platonic life choice but was now bordering on creepy and predatory.
They nearly trip over each other on the way to Dean's room, adrenaline making them clumsy, and it's only once the door's shut behind them that they breathe easy again.
"Woah, woah. Hold up. We don't hunt?" he repeats disbelievingly. "Yeah. You're not Sam. No way my brother would say that. So, again. You want to tell me what you are?"
"You're the one who likes him so much, anyway. I know you do, so you don't have to be such a jerk about it. I'm not gonna tell."
After a minute or two of trailing along, letting Dean tumble around inside his own thoughts, Benny swipes his knife through some bramble and grunts, “How'd you two meet anyway? You never said. And the way I figure, there’s gotta be a story there.”
"Very funny, Dean," Cas responds with dryly, stepping out from between the aisles of dog leashes and litter box supplies. Dean blinks owlishly at him, because
But it's two weeks later and Cas is still there, marginally more aware that, even though he's in a household of men, on-the-verge-of-puberty Kevin Tran included, that doesn't give him a free pass to subject the rest of them to his every stiffy. No one else walks around with their pants tented, right? Because that's private, shameful business.
In his dream, anyway, and it's bad ass. The robot is as tall as one of them baby skyscrapers, built just as rectangular but with screws and metal plates. It taunts him in a series of bleeps and bloops before pelting rocks at him. Big as softballs, they land nearby with audible pings. Something else calls out his name.
The hand on his shoulder slides up, until it's cradling the side of Dean's face. He has to close his eyes against the gentleness of it.
For entire minutes Cas curled over the toilet bowl and prayed to the porcelain gods until there was nothing left in his stomach to throw up.
Benny makes a low, whistling sound, like he’s picking up that things are a little more complicated than he thought. “My, my.”
Cas does, to the gratitude of his stomach. The last time he ate was during his lunch break, hours before Dean showed up, but only because Nora had given him her sandwich. It was piled with various condiments and meats and he ate it in minutes. He understands now that she was 'buttering him up' for the babysitting job.
"Hey, now," Benny interrupts, feeling safe to do so now that Ellen's no longer around, "let's not threaten the women around here, alright."
"Mom, leave him alone, it's probably a Lisa thing," Jo feels the need to stick her nose in. "Hey, Dean. No Sam?"
Which is true. Cas is some freak genius that knows like five different languages and can do all sorts of insane math problems in his head.
Cas wasn't deterred in the slightest. Instead, who the hell knew how, things seemed to click into place for him. He lowered his voice and intensified their eye contact. "Is this because of last night?"
He remembers a Christmas when Cas and his mom had come over for turkey and Charlie Brown. The grownups sat around and talked real quiet about why Cas' dad was gone while Dean sat with Cas and showed him how to make the lights on the tree flick on and off.
I'm introducing new characters in this chapter, it's brief, but I've been looking forward to writing a couple of these characters for a long time. Let me know what you think.
around here. It'd do him good to make some friends. Especially a couple of nice fellas like yourselves.” she said, squeezing Deans hand.
Cas answered by pressing two fingers to his head, immediately soothing the aches. “Would you like a shower?” he asked.
Cas looked miserable. “I'll feel uncomfortable not wearing my own clothes.” he confessed, looking at the floor.
Hearing Cas use a curse word shocked Dean out of his pain filled haze and he stared at the Alpha in horror.
Dean gaped in surprise. “Oh. So you- How did- No. You know what? Never mind. We’ll come back to that another time.” he said, feeling flustered and a little jealous.
Bobby shifted in his seat to see where Castiel was pointing and nodded before reaching over to pass the pack into Castiels reach. “Dean hardly told me anythin'. Just hinted that other stuff was goin' on. I have a feelin' that I should know what that is.” said Bobby, a curious look on his face as Castiel began to remove papers from the pack, laying them out on the bed carefully.
“G'night, bitch” murmured Dean. Sam chuckled and burrowed into his pillow muttering “G'night, jerk”.
Sam chuckled. “First thing is learning to float. C’mon. Lets move over here a bit so Cas can get in and I’ll show you.” he said.
As one the group looked up to see Cas standing in the doorway, dressed in his own clothes and his pack on the floor next to him. He looked exhausted. He was in obvious pain.
“I told you, I didn't originally plan a rescue mission, we're making it up as we go!” Cas snarked back.
Cas turned around, his face betraying the pain he felt. Dean felt like shit for putting that expression on Cas’ face.
Charlie spoke up, her voice gentle. “Okay, I can kinda see why you wouldn't tell us, 'cause it was connected to your super secret mission and stuff. And, yeah. If you had come out and told us straight off, we would have hit you over the head with a rock and buried you up to the neck in the desert whilst we made our escape. I personally wouldn't have even looked back.”
Sams recovery had been slow, Bobby had only enough medical knowledge to get Sam back to the homestead, his long term recovery needed more know how than Bobby possessed.
Dean glanced at his mother and smiled shyly. “This morning, we got mistaken for a couple, and it was nice. For a moment we were just a normal family, takin’ a trip. I didn’t want to let it go.” he admitted, tapping his fingers on the wheel again.
Dean couldn't help it, he laughed. “Oh, I guess we should have thought about that. With them bein' so newly mated, Jess was bound to get a bit growly. I guess I should go in and pack you a bag for tonight, we'll figure out the rest tomorrow.” he said, rising to his feet.
“Speaking of going to bed. It's time for good boys to go back to sleep.” said Daddy, placing his wine glass on the coffee table as Jack whined. “Do you want me to help you wash the cookie off your face or can you do it yourself?” he asked.
He scrabbled and finally gained a foothold, enough to give himself the leverage to lift himself over the top, grunting with the effort. He wondered where his mystery rescuer had gone, only to notice through the dirty cracked window that Alistair was rapidly approaching the building.
“I will call you tonight, when I make camp. Look after yourself while I'm gone, I'll be checking in with Bobby and Sam to make sure you do.” he said seriously.
Dean felt a wave of annoyance at his brother. “We already did, this morning before we left. I told him I’m still trying to sort stuff out in my head, all the Michael baggage ain’t goin’ away just like that, Sam. I told him and I’m telling you, I gotta get this crap outta my head before it kills me. I’m not gonna like it, but I’m gonna be talking about it, but it’s gotta be at my own pace, man.” he said, gritting his teeth. “Don’t push me.” he warned.
The stranger chuckled “My name is Castiel, and I haven't rescued you yet, we still have to get out of here. Do you mind telling me who I am rescuing?” he looked at Dean, mildly amused.
He picked up the toiletries and noticed even the razors were the more expensive brand, the kind with the protective moisturising strip, he rolled his eyes. Cas had probably noticed the 'protective' wording on the packaging and decided that even when shaving, protecting the humans was of utmost importance. There was something both disturbing and reassuring about that, but ultimately sweet.
Dean spluttered and then roared with laughter. “Can you imagine Bobby's face if I called you 'huggy-wuggy-bear' at breakfast? I think he'd choke on his oatmeal, man.”
Mary smiled softly. “What part are you looking forward to the most, Jack?” she asked, tucking her leg under her on the bed.
Balthazar flinched. “Well, it's not worse, per say, but it will be a shock. I really do think you should be sitting for this, my friend.” he tried again.
Dean felt the panic rising up and cursed Cas in his head. “We're not- uh.. that is, we're just..” he stammered.
“There’s always sex.” Dean said, looking at Cas out of the corner of his eye and laughing when Cas spat his coffee out in surprise.
Sam finally got himself together enough to speak. In-between spoonfuls of broth, he haltingly told Bobby everything that had happened. How they had been taken by surprise even though they thought they were prepared. How quickly the fire had taken hold and anger bled into his voice as he talked about Dean sacrificing himself to save Sam.
Finally reaching the dirt track where Bobby had parked his truck, they both breathed a sigh of relief and hurriedly loaded the deer carcass onto the flat bed and covered it with a tarp. Bobby leaned against the side of the truck unscrewing the lid of the flask he carried everywhere and took a swig before holding it out to John, who accepted it gratefully.
Sam grinned. “It’s only a short hike over that ridge to the campsite I picked, according to the map. It’s far enough away from the lake so we won’t be bothered by mosquitoes or any animals, but near enough we won’t have to go far for a swim.” he said.
Deans cheeks went a little pink and he chuckled nervously as he laid his head on his arms and shuffled a little to get comfortable. “Thanks, Castiel, angel of Ambien. It's a little bit of a drop from commanding armies to helpin' one human get some shut eye, isn't it?” he joked.
He breathed a sigh of relief as the car came into view, pulling into the long driveway and he recognised the occupants, the Winchesters.
Dean shrugged, the day before Bobby had found jam on the dials of the radio and had yelled at Dean for ten minutes. “I'm not touching anything. I didn't mean to get stuff all over the dials, I was trying to talk to Cas and the radio kept fading in and out.” he said sulkily.
Dean shook his head with out looking up. “Not just yet. Need to process first. Maybe after coffee.” he said, wrapping his arms around Cas’ waist and pressing against him, craving comfort. Cas was only too willing to provide it.
Sam's suspicions had begun a couple months ago, when he'd tried to inform Dean about a recent phone-call with Bobby. A new case, and it sounded pretty urgent.
He stays, and listens as Dean tells him their story, tells him all the things Cas already knows, and he feels the threads of happiness fitting into place within himself, connecting all the missing pieces until there is only one thing left for Dean to say.
Dean stays outside to help Sam with the bags, while everyone else walks inside, the separate conversations mingling into incoherency.
Did Dean know he felt? He must have, he'd spent his entire life on the road. Did Dean know that Cas was sleeping in storage closets, and eating whatever he could salvage from the garbage cans behind the building?
I am so VERY picky, with friendships, as an introvert. But you were easy to talk to right from the very first time we messaged each other.
An ending Castiel had never expected, yet there it was. Written on a page in plain black ink, as real as it was painful.
Dean returned the smile, feeling strangely satisfied that an Angel of the Lord found his clothes to be comfortable. "Toldja. If you want, you can keep em. I have a few more pairs at home."
Dean had only been to a movie theatre once in his life, but he remembered the feeling well. Of course, it wasn't the only thing he remembered about that day. His last day with Lee.
Dean walked over his duffle bag in the corner, and began rifling through the contents. He never had much, just a few extra shirts, jackets, some basic toiletries, some spare holy water in a flask and of course: a pistol, just in case he couldn't get to any other weapon in time. He dug to the bottom of the bag, pulling out another pair of pants and a t-shirt. Neither were as comfortable as the ones he was currently wearing, but they'd have to do.
Sam sneaked a look at Dean, and was dismayed to notice that his brother was adamantly refusing to meet Cas's gaze. Instead, Dean wet his lips and began disassembling his pistol, either from anxiety, or an urge to be prepared, or more likely, that it was simplest possible excuse he could come up with whenever he didn't want to talk to a certain trenchcoated angel.
"I think we should just forget about it," Dean muttered gruffly, his thoughts still catapulting around upstairs.
The heat had reached his face, and he could feel it burning there, settling into his skin like he was standing too close to a fire. Cas was still quiet, and Dean knew if he stopped now, he wouldn’t be able to continue.
Cas grits his teeth, ignoring the cold and the weakness of his vessel. Being in the empty for this long had already taken its toll: his body is reverting to a comatose state, refusing to move properly. He focuses instead on Dean’s pleading words, imagines Dean’s face in front of his—
"Oh." Cas paused, considering. "I don't… honestly know. I've never really had a chance to discover my smaller interests. I like.. Bees, of course. And—"
“Sir, if you don’t mind, I was just asking Mr. Winchester and Mr. Novak about what happened yesterday morning—” Liv looks annoyed at getting interrupted.
a mixtape. Back in his school days, professing your interest in someone truly was as simple as making them a collection of your favorite songs.
Motels and cheap fast food. Sleepless nights, and constant violence. That wasn't the life he had promised himself, it was the life he had, in fact, sworn he would never become a part of. But here he was, and here was Dean… singing in the shower, apparently. Sam rolled his eyes.
It was too much to hope for that Dean could actually be able to see himself as Cas saw him. But he knew Dean thought best while driving Baby.
"The first 36 of them had to be killed by Naomi," Cas continued, speaking hastily as if that would make it easier. "She slaughtered them brutally, and made me watch, until I learned it would be better to try to kill them quickly without objection. Of course it wasn't that simple. She made you say things…. Do things. Just to make it worse."
Chris glanced desperately behind him, as if searching for help. No one was there. "Ugh man, just order something."
Dean Winchester, against fate, against heaven, against God and hell and better judgement and common sense and even against death.
“Yeah, alright, understandable. You can take Cas’s old room, if you want.” Sam wrinkles his nose at the mud on the shiny floor.
also, there's a certain salad mentioned that charlie fucking cyberbullied me on >:( it was a salad i made a few days ago and its super fucking good so lmk if u want the recipe<3
Amused, Dean rolled his eyes and grabbed another towel, and began rubbing his hair dry. "It's okay, man. You know what, don't worry about it. Glad you're here. Uh, what was it you wanted to say?"
Dean thinks, and sliding one hand around the back of Cas’s neck, Dean doesn’t try to explain. He doesn’t try to second guess himself. No more doubts.
Cas handed him the chalk pads, and Dean placed them back in the equipment slot. "I'm sorry Dean. I wish I could have been there. For you. I didn't know you at the time, of course, but I wish I had."
He'd been having a dream. A nice dream, with Cas. They'd been… sitting at the ocean. No, a beach. It had been warm, the sun turning their skin pink, toes buried in hot sand, gulls screeching overhead.
"So—" Charlie checked her wrist watch. "It's about dinner time, whaddya say I go get us some pizza and we can settle down for a night of research!" Sam almost laughed when she waggled her eyebrows at him.
Swallowing hard, Dean tried to shove down the wave of guilt before it reached his face. Cas deserved better. But for now, he was here,
He reads them again. A third time. Tears course silently down his cheeks, and he tries to stifle the clenching sobs, but it’s too much,
It was astonishing, really, how loud a half-broken typewriter could be, especially after listening to it for 4 hours straight because the idiot manning the machine decided to type out every damned word he could remember.
There is only Dean Winchester. And for him, Castiel has no adequate words, no worthy monologues of gratitude. For him, words do not suffice.
“-we’ll always worry. About that stuff, I mean. It won’t go away. And- and I think Buttercup and Wesley will worry too, y’know? Ain’t like they killed Prince Humperdink either. I mean— they
The angels eyes squinted softly back at him. "Dean… You know I always appreciate out talks. And our time together. But… I'm afraid I don't know
Every day at that gas-station, Cas believed that Dean would've allowed him to stay if he'd been an angel. If he'd been
School has ended for the semester, having finally given in to the lazy days of summer vacation, and Dean is grateful for the vacant campus. Less people around, fewer schedules to memorize, more time to sleep.
And maybe it's just coincidence, or maybe it's because the angel knows of these memories. But Castiel never calls him pretty.
Apparently, his younger brother is also blessed with superhuman hearing abilities, because he turns around just as Dean is about to sneak out again. “So,” Sam smirks, leaning against the fridge door.
But he’d dialed the number anyway, watching as Cas’s phone buzzed in his other hand, the screen glowing blue, his own name at the top.
and he knew it was a dream. One time, Dean smiled at him, and he knew it was his wishful thinking. But mostly, Dean said "
Cas swallows back his anger, shoving down the memories that the hunter's words had awoken. Memories of
Dean swallowed. Cas was so close. Not much closer than any time before, but somehow, this felt different. Nodding nervously, and wetting his lips, he continued. "Now, the eight ball, she's the winner."
blue eyes appeared, but he was kinda weird, all his colors were kind of see-through, and then we asked who each other was, then I wo-”
Cas blinked, refusing to meet Dean's gaze, but shifted obligingly a whole three inches to the right.
“I-I couldn't tell you, Cas made me swear on it, I’m so sorry—'' Jack's eyes suddenly well up. He takes a deep breath. “I’m going to bring you to the bunker. I have a plan to bring Cas back.”
"Well. Thanks, man, for listening." He meant it. He wanted to say more, but what was the point, when Cas always seemed to understand perfectly.
that's what Cas had said once. Easy for him to say, since compliments seemed to be one of his natural abilities.
"You really need to eat more slowly, Dean," Cas suggested fondly. "I read once that a mouthful of food should be chewed thoroughly 32 times before swallowing to allow for proper digestion."
Dean felt heat prickling at the corners of his eyes, imagining the look that would reside on Cas's face for who-knew-how-long. A look of pity, guilt, for not being able to return Dean's words in the way Dean wished to hear them.
Cas shakes his head, lip curling. “Not for years. Eons, maybe. But if you agree, I will go now, and I will go willingly.”
case. There was, however, a different problem that he would very much like to crack, and to do that, he needed to visit the bunker.
, but there's a thing that happens where Cas is concerned, where talking about him always puts Dean on edge.
Dean clenches his teeth, anger tearing through him. "Wouldn't get too cozy if I were you," he tells it, "you're about to be dead."
The look Sam flicks his way is a helpless one, like they're toeing too close towards that line that's been drawn, the one where Amelia's not supposed to catch even a whiff of the hunting lifestyle.
Dean spends the first few minutes riding shotgun casually spying on Cas. A person's car says a lot about them. Dean's, for instance, lets everyone else on the road know they're sharing it with a badass. It's sleek and a classic, and inside he keeps it borderline-OCD type clean. The only thing allowed on the floorboards is his box of cassettes, and that's just because he has to have easy access.
Dean stills right away, then his pulse picks up and starts racing because he's pretty sure that means Cas is awake.
The front door closes soundly after Sam, who raises a weak hand in farewell before bailing on them, the alcohol having hit his ginormous frame way harder. It took him twice as long to feel it, but once they got him there, there he stayed.
Yeah, probably because any time Dean's over, Naomi watches the two of them like she's going to chuck a Bible at their heads the first sign of sinful wrong-doing. Even now, just standing here in the driveway, his skin is crawling.
Sam says, "I tried to tell you," right there next to him, and Dean thinks, okay. Let the panic begin.
"Can we start over?" he rushes out with before he's told to vacate the premises. He doesn't want to think too hard about the desperation that drags his voice down, about how maybe this means more than just getting a job to bag the babes. He's twenty-six and the only good thing he has, the only,
He grabs a napkin and wipes the grease off his fingers, taking a long sip from the glass of orange juice Cas ordered for him, claiming the place didn't serve beer on Sundays. Backwards hillbilly town, for real. "Just," he starts out with, and Cas' eyes flick towards his right away, "this is weird, right? Me being here." He's not spilling his guts, and that's not exactly news either. Except continuing the conversation at all is its own concession, that's the whole point of it, and Cas seems to get it.
He only meets Dean's eyes at the end of all that, and even then the 'go' is implied and it’s with some pleading rather than a command to leave posthaste.
"I'm just saying, I'm glad I have this steaming... warm... delicious hot chocolate already in a to-go cup."
Cas takes a step forward, and if there was ever any question that he was once a badass angel of the Lord, here would be undoubted proof, because he's looking capable of some serious smiting power, actual mojo or not. His gaze has gone hard, his attention dwindled down to a singular point, and, hell, the way he's looking at him, that point seems to be Dean's mouth.
Pulling up a blank message, Dean makes Castiel the recipient, and eventually this is what he pens after several edits and deleted typos:
A bored looking woman stands behind the counter, typing at the computer in front of her. The only acknowledgment they're given is a slightly raised eyebrow.
"Had he been deceased long?" Cas cuts in, and he asks it in a way that's really, really clueless about proper human etiquette. And common decency. It gets slightly worse when Cas squints his eyes and accuses, "Did you disturb the body?"
Castiel seems to be hesitating, hovering in an awkward fashion. Dean glances up while he pointedly rifles through the employees shelf to find his apron, but by the time his eyes dart that way, Castiel is peering intently at a laminated poster on the wall lecturing all about Kansas state wages.
"And think about it. Who shops at craft stores? Little old ladies. Unless you've got a kink you're suddenly exploring—”
Finally letting go, Dean paces away just to turn back and say, "That was the last time. I mean it. You ever do it again, I'm gonna leave your ass wherever it winds up. I'm serious."
He couldn't help it. He leaned forward, put his mouth right against Cas's ear. "You are one kinky bastard, Cas, you know that?" he teased. "Like it hard?"
Sam chuffs out a laugh, otherwise unimpressed by Dean's spot-on impression. "What's gotten into you today? You're..." He mockingly widens his eyes in alarm, gasping, "happy."
"I know," Dean snaps. "Jesus, Cas. Do you not think that's drilled into my friggin' skull by now? And maybe I want to anyway. Maybe I'm tired of watching people I care about lose it."
Here's the thing about Dean: when he started high school, he was good at math. Like, abnormally so, he scored off the charts on the placement tests they make you take. What he figured out right away is that it made people expect something from him, so when classes began, he failed. On purpose. He got hell for those report cards and the guidance counselors couldn't figure out how a bright kid like Dean was slipping through the cracks, but you know what that taught Dean? Better to fail and fail knowingly then try, fail, and disappoint a bunch of people.
"I'm Castiel. I wanted to let you know I've been noticing you all night, and I wanted to leave this with you, before I left."
He sits at the edge of the bed. It sinks with his weight. The covers -- navy blue the whole way across, though, god help him, there is, of course, a floral trim skirting the bottom -- are made up and pulled taut with army precision. That at least feels familiar.
Cas shook his head slowly, "he was here Dean. I greeted him briefly, then I came to talk to you. He was there, by the desk."
Dean remembered making it for Cas. It had been a long while ago, but he still remembered how nervous he'd been. Dean knew what it meant, what it implied, and he'd hoped Cas would understand the reference, just that once. He hadn't, of course.
This fic was the beginning of everything. Blu, my awesome, talented, hilarious, beautiful friend: you mean so goddamn much to me, and I can't wait to keep writing with you, to keep talking with you.
Cas couldn't help but feel lighter, warmer, watching the man's reddening face with amusement: and he passed his own glass of water towards Dean's frantic hand gestures, as the waitress had yet to return with a second glass.
?" Short, and breathy, and oh-so-different from his usually graveled voice, that Dean almost melted from the sound of it. Almost told him everything.
"Well," Dean shrugged, "looks like we got some more time. Sam hasn't finished with 'research' yet, apparently he couldn't find the book. So much for 'remembering exactly where it is.'"
He tries to stand up, but crashes back down. He attempts again, legs threatening to collapse at any second.
Happiness. Pride. Quiet, and solemn: but obvious in the absence of any joking remarks, obvious in the way Sam looks as if any moment he might walk over for a hug, obvious in the way Sam says his next words. “Thank you, Dean.”
The rest of the evening was relaxed. Cas was able to finish the nature program before he left, and to Sam's surprise, Dean spent the next hour or so watching the following program, which was apparently on America's most dangerous animals.
so... yeah. Um. It's been forever, I know. This chapter will be worth it though!! (it's 10k words ahah kinda got longer than we thought it would!)
He shifted in his seat, trying to adjust to a more comfortable position, trenchcoat rustling in protest. "Many of your memories had been repressed in order to survive the torments of hell, this one included. It was a painful memory, but it is an important part of who you are, and it belonged to you."
"I believe I might be killed immediately if I reveal any of those things to you Dean," Cas said, obviously amused at Dean's curiosity.
The thoughts resound stronger and and stronger, fading with the beat of his slowing heart and everything is somehow both different, and exactly the same, and it is solid, and pure and peaceful.
that he was subconsciously exaggerating every nuance in the angel's behavior, every touch, every longing glance…
Before Dean really thinks about it he's curling in closer to Cas, pushing him against the map table, closer, closer—
Cas nodded, obviously curious, but left anyway. Dean grabbed a napkin from the nearest dispenser, borrowed a pen from a friendly drunk, and scrawled out a quick message.
Dean was digging loudly through his duffel bag, spreading out an assortment of pamphlets, newspaper clippings, weapons and half-opened snacks across the mattress.
Free-time had never been a good thing to Dean before. It had always meant reaching 'the end,' the big bad deadline, and knowing it was too late to keep all the promises he'd made, and far too late to make good on all those secret hopes, experiences, that he'd put off for another day. It meant drinking himself to sleep at 4 in the morning because he woke up alone, twisting in his own cold sweat. It meant taking every chance he could to rip out the last of his anger, and he did: God, did he ever. When he wasn't drunk on the pain, he was dishing it out to everyone who was still alive, who still had the guts to be around him.
Alone with Cas. Who was obviously upset and might just end up leaving again and there was nothing to investigate and they'd just gotten in another fight and—
Around half an hour, Dean relaxed, the tension in his chest draining away. Cas seemed to be enjoying the movie, in his own strange way, squinting intently at the screen, legs folded 'Indian' style, so enthralled in the plot his body had begun to lean ever so slightly forwards, as if trying to see through the TV and into the land of cowboys and criminals.
Hannah looked more shocked than Cas had ever seen her. That wasn't saying much, of course, since she remained predominantly expressionless for most of her existence, but this time her facial features morphed to match the human equivalent of moderate surprise.
Dean presses a kiss to his angel’s lips, and his heart flutters furiously as he feels Cas grab hold of his wrist. Shaking breaths mingle in the small space between them, and it’s far too much distance, far too much air.
The whispered words felt like a knife to the gut, and Dean flinched, pulling away as if burned. There would be no happiness for him, he had been foolish to expect anything different. Foolish to assume Cas might feel the same way, might want the same things.
Cas's lips are slightly chapped, but they taste like coffee and sugar and warmth, and it's suddenly Dean's new favorite flavor.
about 30 minutes ago, looking pretty pissed. So…" He leaned back in his chair and raised his eyebrows. "What happened, man? I thought you guys were just going to lunch?"
Cas was about to open his door, but noticing Dean's behavior, hesitated, tilting his head curiously. "Dean? What is it?"
him. Everywhere. Watch him in the library, head bent over Enochian literature. He'd walk into the map room, and see Cas arriving back home through the door, and watch him walk down the stairs, and he wouldn't have to wonder if the angel's visit was temporary, because it
The thought calmed him, only slightly, but was forgotten as he saw the same face look up from the handle of the motel door.
And now… stretching out the inevitable, ignoring his desires for fear of the consequences… like never being able to read the final page at the end of a book, never learning the answers to all his questions… postponing
"Dean, why are you the only person who refuses to believe in your own goodness? Everyone who knows you, sees it, but you—you can only see yourself the way our enemies see you, as destructive, and angry; broken. But," he stared deeper into Dean's eyes, chest heaving, yet feeling calmer than he had in a long while because Dean needed to hear this, and dammit, he was going to listen.
Dean stammers onward, gripping the angel tightly, because he can't stop speaking now that he started and Cas looks at Dean: finally meeting those too-green eyes, and he can't think, can't move, he can only feel, his chest shaking with each new hot, terrified breath, and he hangs on to Dean as he would to a rope ladder, the only source of safety above a pit of hellish nothingness.
Dean gives Sam a very rude hand gesture behind Cas's back, and deepens the kiss, his eyes closed. Sam snorts and rolls his eyes at the giddy smile on both of their faces as they finally pull away.
No time to understand. Cas stepped inside the humid bathroom without a word, and closed the door behind him with a click.
Several of the walls were a coral-salmon pink, and the rest were formed from pure white shiplap boards. He looked up, and wondered what kind of a nutjob decided to paint a ceiling pitch black. There was a giant four-paneled, gold-framed mirror taking up an entire wall, and the two beds displayed garish bedspreads patterned in brown and pink geometric shapes. It had the look and feel of the bedroom of a preppy teenage girl who couldn't decide between goth, modern, or
Feeling strangely lightheaded, Dean pulls his trenchcoated angel in for a kiss. He notices Cas grinning against his mouth, and pulls back. “What?”
This time, Cas honestly wondered if Chris was going to have a psychotic breakdown. The teenager blinked at him for a few moments, then wandered off through the back door without saying a word. Cas frowned after him. He thought his order had been relatively simple.
Cas rolls back some and his arm pulls with him, but it stays around Dean, dragging higher up his hips. "This makes you uncomfortable too," Cas ventures, keeping his voice soft but not bothering to whisper it like Dean.
He's been blowing him off and blowing him off because there's something demoralizing about a pity job offer from the guy who pretty much raised you.
"But--" And then Cas runs his fingers up Dean's dick, like that, Dean being almost fully hard, is his point.
"Jesus, Cas," he complains once they're safe in Cas' room. Not that it's his fault his mom gives Dean both the heebs and the jeebs. He could've used a little warning, is all. "I thought we were gonna drive today?"
Bored by Dean giving up the harassment so easily, Jo goes back to cleaning behind the bar. She throws the rag over her shoulder and starts stacking some mugs. "Like I'm keeping tabs?"
Cas sucks high up Dean's neck, his free hand twisting into the hair at his nape, and Dean's orgasm hits him so hard, his vision switches to black. Dean comes in spurts that mostly catch on Cas's hand, but some shoot between them as well, dirtying Cas' shirt.
(Weird thing about Purgatory? There was a whole lot of downtime. Not that they weren't continuously starring in their very own monster slash film, and often, but just like any hunt, they caught their fair share of breathers, which meant they could hole up somewhere until it was time to move again.
He doesn't answer. Instead, he grabs behind Cas' head and slants them until their mouths crash together. They both skip the chaste first kiss and go straight into the open-mouthed make out, tongues clashing, teeth knocking.
He's playing (okay, sucking at) a game on his phone when Cas drops into the seat across from him with this weary, exhausted sigh.
"For the timesheet," Castiel explains, like Dean's supposed to give a fuck. "It helps, if the times are accurate."
"Yeah, because." Sam tries for matter-of-fact but lands on bittersweet. "I thought, maybe, you'd get your own text too." He doesn't say '
The thing he's realizing, though, the thing he's maybe been in denial about for a while now, is that he definitely specifically has a thing for Cas. Like, sex is sex, he's done it dozens of times with as many partners, but doing it now and thinking and feeling and knowing
Sam perks up; across the room, Jess is waving at him. One of those small flexing of the fingers that means, despite the laws of nature and finer evolutionary instinct, she might actually be attracted to the giant lug.
Castiel breaks away, though he stays close enough to Dean that he's a solid line of warmth alongside him.
"You know, you could always--" Cas starts, still hopeful, but he doesn't bother to finish because they both know Dean's not about to uproot if it means leaving Sam behind. He's got to stick around here, if only to make sure Sam doesn't grow his hair out girl-style.
Dean glances at Cas, who's only giving back this look of contentment like he's happy to follow along with wherever the night takes them, before dragging his attention back over to Sam. He aims for normal. "You eat yet? Come eat with us."
Cas groped for the remote on the nightstand beside him and did as told. As soon as the TV clicked off, everything went pitch black and a silence engulfed the room so wholly, it almost seemed louder than the infomercial. Go figure,
"Yes," she breathes out in relief, like it's been rough goings, like Dean is a knight in shining—apron. Oh, fuck. Right. The nerdy apron. Only this chick hardly seems to notice, intent instead on asking, "Do you have anything smaller?"
"That makes sense," Cas says, and now it's two against one, which only means Dean is determined to be even more stubborn.
The second he says it, he gets his answer. Cas holds his gaze so fondly, full of so much devotion, his legs nearly buckle.
"He always like that?" Dean asks Charlie later, after Castiel's quit hovering like a creep. He still feels slightly keyed up from the encounter, like his body can't figure out if he should be gearing up for a confrontation or if he just went through one. Talk about a mindfuck.
Cas looks down at the paper and swallows. Slowly, without taking his eyes off it, he sets the trophy back down. It nearly topples off the shelf.
Outside, a big rig rolls by, blasting its horn noisily. Cas stirs, moving closer, and that's when Dean registers the weight around his middle.
So, three days ago Kevin had caught them in another compromising position, but Dean had just been lined up behind Cas teaching him how to hustle at pool. It's not Dean's fault Cas requires hands-on training or that Kevin is a prude with a dirty mind.
"Who's Fabio?" Dean asks, still watching Cas interact with the guy like it's some weird nature program he's stumbled onto accidentally.
Cas tells her, “We saw the sign.” He keeps his eyes locked intensely on her, enough so that she grows uncomfortable under his stare.
"There were trials, Dean." And that's just brief enough -- and vague enough -- that Dean's mind starts spitballing out possible scenarios; he doesn't know if Sam means Cas had to face trials, or what, but based on their long, screwed up life history, already he can guess that these things sucked. He hates them by default. "It's not like we found a loophole or, you know, some magic button that closed everything," Sam says. "We had to earn it."
Dean had smiled over Cas' mutterings at first, only because they were so hilariously random. The guy was obsessed with fish, who knew. Then Sam had put his hand on Cas' forehead and glowered at Dean. "He has a fever. His brain's pretty much frying right now."
Dean looks behind him to the booth him and his brother grab most nights, but it's got a couple of randos in it. Three guys and a girl, the four of them huddled around a ring of beers and a plate of wings taking selfies with their food. Ugh.
"Hey, Cas!" Sam shouts, clomping his way upstairs. Three seconds later, the doorknob twists and Sam thumps heavily against the door. "Dean? Cas?"
It's four minutes of that, tops, before Cas stills, then flies apart. He comes quietly but desperate, all the air in his lungs pushed out in one long, silent groan, and normally Dean would be pretty damn pleased with himself, except now that his single-minded mission to get Cas off is over, he's feeling just how neglected his own junk's been.
Cas opens his mouth to argue, but if his interest in the Magic Bullet is anything to go by, perhaps it's true.
Dean ignores traffic for a good thirty seconds to gape at Cas. "Everyone, literally everyone, thinks we're married."
Cas winds up staying only a few minutes longer, just enough to get a mocha latte, but he's smiling as he goes, aiming it at Dean like he can't help it.
That felt like a dig somehow, like Benny was poking at something that wasn't sitting right with Dean. He leveled his gaze, meeting Benny head on. "Meaning?"
Cas is standing in the middle of spilt cereal. The soggy stuff is fanned out around him, some of the splatterings making it as far as the work table on the other side of the room. The milk, at least, is being soaked up by Cas' socks.
Dean doesn’t slip Cas the tongue, because he’s a gentleman, but there’s something about Cas's chapped lips that makes him part his own, this casual invite to dial it up another notch. He feels the kiss deepen, but only in its intent, like they’re both confessing something here.
Dean drives Baby without a care in the world; in his gut, he knows with absolute certainty Sam is okay. Kinda feels like he got upgraded with some freaky, sixth sense mood ring dialed directly into him. He can't read his thoughts or, you know, slip onto the nearest cloud to peek in on his little brother, but every cell, every molecule in him, real or not, FEELS his presence as a calm, quiet stillness.
When he looks behind him again, the gravel beneath Cas' feet is giving way and Cas goes down hard, falling to his hands and knees.
If, maybe, this lame ass craft store is located right next to the yoga place Lisa Braeden works at, who Dean once shared a few
Finally Dean pulls him in for a hug, even though Cas is still in the process of yanking off the second glove, which means he all but stumbles into him, landing with his chin on Dean's shoulder. For about three seconds Dean squeezes Cas without getting anything back, but then Cas's arms wrap around him, clinging on from behind.
He watches the water turn pink when he sticks his injured hand under the spray. It stings, as he expected, but it's no worse than usual. Since falling, he's experienced a number of ailments, everything from fatal gut wounds to headaches to paper cuts. There is gratification, at least, in pain medicine.
There's a journal in there too. Old and bound in leather. Dean snags it, thinking with some honest-to-god anticipation, alright, he's gonna read himself the sordid recountings of his future doings, but also: a diary? Really? How many branches on the tree of lame-assery did he hit on his fall down?
"I think our air conditioner's been broke? I mean, it's ninety-degrees outside most days, but sometimes I swear it's an igloo in here."
Dean laughs. This is real. "Cas," he exhales, so happy it makes him want to do something stupid, like hold hands and go downstairs and let Bobby and Sam see. He wants to get in his car and drive them some place where they'll be the only two people around. Really, he just wants this moment forever, him and Cas.
"Fuck," he groaned, doing just that, fucking down into the loose fist Cas knew how to make, his fingers sweaty and slick which made the glide goddamn heaven.
So Sam made a smoothie, cleaned the bunker, and settled down with his laptop for some non-sexy, totally non-weird research. Actually, if he was being honest with himself, his search engine had endured much weirder.
Change was everywhere. And Sam was trying so hard to be happy for everyone, Dean could tell. But the strain was beginning to take its toll, and when Jody called about a case, Dean recognized the all-too-ready eagerness in Sam's answer: this case was a distraction that Sam needed desperately.
"—but Dean, man, you have to do something about it, because your 'staring contests"— Sam made air quotations— "are seriously scarring me for life. And that's saying a lot, considering. And Cas, look, I know—"
The empty tilts its head at the both of them, then speaks, as if amused. “You know he isn’t real, right Castiel? You know this is just-” it swirls its hands vaguely at the black nothingness, “-just another one of my concoctions, built for your personal enjoyment.”
So Cas sat back in the chair, more contentedly than Dean had seen him in a long while. There was almost a slight smile on the angel's lips, and Dean found himself staring.
The kitchen is, surprisingly, cleaner than it’s been in a long while, despite the array of strange dishes packed inside the fridge, and Dean looks around in pleased satisfaction. Cas knows everything about him, after all, and his hatred of a messy kitchen is apparently not exempt from the angel’s notice.
Sam stepped out from between the wall and the widely opened bathroom door, a perfect nook hidden in shadows. His smile was self-satisfied and tremendously mischievous.
His words are interrupted by Charlie at the door. “The car’s ready.” She’s breathless, her face red and puffy, and Cas realizes in almost drunken amusement that all of their hands are now covered in Dean’s blood.
question gotten us? I just want to go see if I can find more information before we give ourselves a dose of fake confidence and strut headlong into a nest of century old vampire trainers, okay? So—Cas, you ready?"
Cas shrugged. "Actually, it's not as molecular as other foods I've eaten. Less ingredients, perhaps. Do you want to try the sweetbreads?"
Cas stares ahead, into the morning sun. The light feels out of place amidst everything that has happened. It should be darker. It should be sunset, when everything bright fades in one last glorious display of color, the last crescendo of life before darkness.
Well Dean hadn't expected the day to go this way. It had actually started out pretty great. The diner they visited for breakfast had his favorite cherry almond pie, and Sammy had been in a good mood for once. The motel's water pressure was awesome, despite the pink shower-head, and he had planned on taking a long shower before tramping out to investigate the new job. Vamps. An easy one, at long last.
Cas droned on about his excessive, possibly unhealthy obsession with Hawaii's collective range of insects, and Dean smiled fondly. He'd never seen the angel look so excited. And about the simplest thing, a freaking honeybee, for God's sake.
Although he did miss observing Dean's quickness of thought. The speed at which the hunter was able to construct believable excuses and facts, it was truly remarkable.
It was enough. Coming from Dean Winchester, Cas considered himself lucky to have gotten that much. He wanted to say more, wanted to say everything, but it wasn't the right time. Not yet.
“How are your paintings coming along, Jack?” Cas asks, and the boy’s eyes light up even at the mention of his favorite hobby.
This chapter is painful—full disclosure. But I'm sure you're used to Jupiticas's and my writing style by now ;)
"Uh huh. Is this your roundabout way of asking for my number, you perverted guardian angel?" Dean raises one eyebrow and strums a few experimental chords. It's easier to ignore the music when he creates his own.
After realizing that he is truly trapped, he takes a deep breath and asks, “At least tell me who you are.”
It reminds him of other hunters, his dad's buddies, who would say he was too pretty to be good at his job.
Dean looks offended. “Cas, c’mon, it’s the kid’s birthday. He deserves some extra treats. Two year old birthdays only come once!”
And all they saw was the bad-boy flirt, who skipped classes because he was 'too cool for school.' Not because his dad beat him so badly the bruises went far beyond the cover of his clothes.
With that, Dean was left alone, leaning limply against the car, staring at the spot where Cas had stood.
Sam appears in the doorway a few minutes later, haggard and covered in blood. Cas lifts his gaze weakly, and tries, unsuccessfully, to pull his own weight as Sam helps him through the doorway. They move as quickly as possible.
Lee had been the only real hunter friend he'd ever had, back then. And look what that had gotten him.
And then April had come along, and Cas understood for the first time how sex could be an efficient distraction, if only for a little while. But even she had turned against him, and in a way, Cas wished she
It’s such a wonderfully welcome feeling. To know the answer before the question is even finished, because you have never been more sure of anything in your life.
“Oh, uh, Charlie, this is Jody, one of the several moms I’ve had in my lifetime.” He grins sheepishly. “And Jody, meet Charlie, the hacker extraordinaire. We wouldn’t have been able to take down Dick Roman if not for her.”
Dean sighs, checking his phone. He has time to answer a few stupid questions. Might as well hear the guy out. "Fine. What do you want to know, oh Great Interrogator?"
Dean couldn't help but notice the angel's stubborn reluctance to even spare him a glance. The motel room was too silent, almost seeming to fade away into disappointed static, as if the walls had been filled with energy just moments before, and then… gone.
Charlie winces, blinking back the flow of tears as Dean’s chest collapses into another fit of wet coughs. “SAM—you gotta hurry up, it’s not good—”
Dean has heard that pleading, heavy voice, laden by all the things which cannot be changed, even by a changed angel. He knows the voice well, for it is sometimes his own.
Cas continued, propping his chin on both knuckles. "I thought that I could help them become what they were always meant to be, instead of what Heaven's superiors trained them to be. But I think I just ended up hurting them. Maybe even destroying them."
Charlie was right. There was more than enough evidence. Probably more than Sam should have known about, but as Charlie had said: they had to find out if this 'thing' was real.
"Okay, well…" Dean sighed. "You must have had clothing that you wore at night, I mean—you had that vest on during the day, you took that off at least, right?"
—" Dean reached up, cupping Cas's jaw with his hand, rubbing soothing circles along the angel's cheek. It was the closest, and most intimate gesture he'd ever dared, but Cas seemed to visibly calm down, giving in to Dean's touch, blinking quickly as if forcing away tears.
Cas blinked down at his coat, as if offended that Dean would dare insult its comfortability. "My trenchcoat was covered in blood and stains, so no, Dean, I didn't wear it at
Dean goes in, as he said he would, and closes the door. He calls through it, voice muffled slightly.
"Dude. Have you not learned how to knock yet? I thought we covered that already," the hunter shook his hand above the shower door, as if gesturing for something. Understanding, Cas stepped forward to pick up the damp towel on the mat and handed it to Dean, his callused fingers brushing Dean's wet ones, just for a moment.
But today was Cas's day. Today they were together, for God knew how long, and he wasn't going to mess it up.
He watched Cas do his dumb geometry trick, and sink the next shot with surprising ease. "Well, damn. You actually don't suck at this."
"No, Dean—" Cas perched himself carefully on the end of the bed, right near Dean's feet, staring happily up at the screen. "These are not normal honeybees, they're a special species, the only type of bee to have naturally colonized in Hawaii. Regular honeybees had to be brought into the Island by beekeepers in 1857, but"…..
Cas hands Dean a blue cassette tape labelled with the words “For Dean, from Cas.” A teeny, inked heart is drawn next to the text.
Although, as Dean gazes amongst the warm kitchen full of the people he loves, he realizes something.
ALSO: thank YOU GUYS for your BEAUTIFUL FRICKING COMMENTS. I have cried a couple times reading them, and istg some of these comments are the longest I've ever seen on AO3. (you know who you are <3)
Hannah folded her hands on the desktop in front of her, and considered her next words. "The angels—and myself—fear that you are… abandoning your duty as one of Heaven's soldiers."
Sam shakes his head tiredly, and moves aside to let her in. “I’m okay, Jody. Just up late doing research.”
So he’d been spending quite a lot of time at Jody’s place, painting with Kaia, and having paint fights with Claire.
Janitor Boy holds up a key ring, shaking it loudly to get Dean's attention. "It's my job to know. I'm the routine caretaker of this campus, and I can't have homeless teenagers renting out the art room when classes aren't in session."
It felt weird walking into the golden afternoon light after having adjusted to the bar's dingy atmosphere. Like exiting a dark movie theatre, and you just assume it's night, but then you see the sunny daylight pouring in through the doors, and there's this odd moment of confusion, like you've gone back in time to an earlier point in the day.
Of course, Cas had thought it was real, the instant he’d heard Dean Winchester’s voice calling his name, he’d known it wasn’t a dream. The prayers surging through his mind had been far too powerful for even the empty to replicate.
Cas kept his hand in its place. "Dean I can fix the lamp easily, that's not what I'm worried about."
That was the guy he wanted to be, the guy he pretended to be, even though he knew happiness wasn't real. Good things didn't happen to him. Not to Dean Winchester.
Besides the fact that Dean had stabbed Cas in the chest—talk about an awkward first introduction—the chapter contained nothing else of much consequence, nothing that Sam considered helpful to the cause, at least. But he had plenty of other sections to go through.
https://open.spotify.com/playlist/0Ks0yceaheHi2DeADH1YZV?si=SDUta5OATjWzOrGzYvaIiw&utm_source=copy-link
A pair of darkened blue eyes meet his with an accusatory stare. Yet there seems to be… a focused familiarity, as if this is not the first time they'd locked eyes.
And yet, a deeper part of him knew he didn’t want to forget everything. Dean’s friendship was a mercurial thing, but it was the only thing Cas could believe in. Without Dean—without
That's what matters of course. Death is only tragic when it kills, they say. Better the inside than the out, they say.
The same as he did? Did he feel that way towards Cas? Did he… consider him as more than a friend? Was he in love or was he just desperate for affection, and Cas was his best friend, and did he actually get crushes on men or had he just been so damaged that any kind of attention ever given to him had been taken out of context and romanticized? Would he ever truly feel that way towards Cas, or was he just grateful to have a friend who was still
Cas pulls himself to his feet, angel blade dangling uselessly from one hand. He meets Jack's terrified eyes, and knows there is no choice, not for him. Not for a father. So he whispers a silent apology to his best friend, his
Turned out Dean had been right, even though Sam had hated to admit it. And looking back at his younger, much less experienced self, Sam realized now just how right Dean had been.
Dean quickly learned that in Heaven, you never need to do anything you wouldn’t want to, and the things you
Sam and Charlie stand back from the danger-zone, hands covering their ears, trying to block out the angry, inhuman shrieks pouring forth from inside the blackness
Cas tilted his head questioningly, as if he couldn't understand what Dean was so upset about. "I apologize. Perhaps I could tell you more about myself, so we can be—" Cas mimed quotation marks "—
Dean closes the large metal door behind their backs, and turns to join the others in the center of the circular dungeon. The room is dark, but Dean can still make out the worry in Charlie’s nervous expression, and he gulps back his own terror.
LONG chapter!!! technically its the last of the whole story, woah ik!!, but we have an epilogue soon so yeah <3
It didn’t take long to set up the DVD player, and Cas wasn't back with the food yet, so Dean took off his extra jackets, throwing them on a nearby chair, and settled down on the bed, back pressed against the headboard.
She gives an accusatory squint in Cas’s direction. “I assume he was trying to see you, although he kept saying ‘Cas’ instead of ‘Clarence.’”
The car was filled with static discomfort, and Cas watched the side of Dean's face steadily for a minute before speaking. "How is Jack?" Hopefully an efficient ice-breaker.
“You chose a good day to wake up, sir! Thursday was forecasted to be especially sunny, and well—” she gestures at the bright sunshine pouring into his hospital room, “for once, the weathermen were right.”
“And when you stayed!” The empty laughs again, and Dean feels a strong urge to punch the slimy being’s head until it becomes
“No. They don’t drool in their sleep because they don’t have saliva. And they don’t sleep. And they don’t have mouths. Or lips—”
Dean shook his head, stuffing his phone back into his jacket pocket. If Sam wanted to keep secrets, to hell with it. Dean had his own secrets after all.
Of course, in his excitement, Dean had forgotten to pack food. And Rufus wasn’t the hospitable type. He also wasn’t the
Realizing he was still wearing his jeans and boots, Dean walked to the bathroom with a pair of sweatpants and a t-shirt. Usually, he slept in his clothes, sometimes even without getting under the bed covers. It saved the hassle of getting dressed if someone, or something, happened to break through their motel window in the middle of the night. And sleeping on top of the sheets had become almost habitual.
“I’m tired of preaching all my iconic lines to a wall. How do you feel about a movie night?” Dean flashed what could be considered as a flirtatious smile, if Cas wasn’t just a friend.
your cracks and imperfections, I see them, and I love them too,” Cas breathes out, trailing a kiss across Dean’s jawline, and there seems to be no rush, as if they have all the time in the world to speak their truths: and Dean realizes, then:
Of course, the noise had only made Dean happier, despite Sam's complaints. So when Dean had left to grab some dinner for a long evening of organizing, cataloguing and unboxing, Sam was more than ready to get rid of the monstrosity for good. That's when he saw Dean's last sentence, right at the top of the sheet:
me for something like that. We're family." Dean looked back at the bin, his words becoming quieter. "I always—I've always wanted you to stay. You know that, right?"
He didn't see the fallen angel gasp in agonizing grief, still sitting in the locked car, gripping his face with shaking hands. He didn't see the way Cas curled into himself, and he couldn't hear the strangled breathing, the hitching almost-sobs.
Dean shook himself out of his thoughts. Thinking like that never did any good. He returned his focus to the bartender, who was squinting at him in concern.
“But after all the crap we've been through…” Dean clears his throat, fiddling with their entwined fingers.
artisan in the vicinity. And he certainly isn’t the most… charming. But with very little time, and a very particular request, Dean needs only one thing if he’s going to pull this off before Cas gets suspicious.
Son of a bitch. Those damn compliments again. Dean flickered his gaze downwards, then back at the angel. Unsure of what to say, he just laughed shakily. "Yeah, well…"
His days became a monotonous nightmare, created out of constant prayers and endless regrets. Going nowhere. From nowhere. Stuck in his one addiction to
do it?" Sam retorted, feeling rather defensive, even though he knew she was right. Charlie was always right. It happened to be both her best, and most frustrating quality.
At this moment, however, trapped in a sigil contrived by his younger brother in hopes of exposing their supposed
Dean thought the angel sounded almost… wistful? They sat for a moment in silence. Dean was sure that his geeky brother was excitedly soaking in the new information, and would probably record it all in that laptop of his later. He realized with a pang that for having an angelic best friend, they sure didn't know much about angels.
He also knew he couldn't stare a second longer into Dean's eyes, and still be able to contain himself. Those things, those thoughts…. They were unattainable. Unthinkable.
Cas tilted his head in confusion. "Dean you are driving on a straight road through a flat field of grass with no trees and no other vehicles in sight. It is very unlikely any of us would have died had you driven slightly off path."
Making a mental list of all the friends he'd ever killed, and an even longer list of all the memories he'd spent years trying to repress. It meant regretting all the times he'd cursed Sammy's name, calling him a monster, a
Luckily, both he and Cas had valid excuses for taking the bench. Impalement doesn't exactly heal quickly, and Cas was still getting used to being human.
It was never enough, touching Dean, but Cas had his own words to say. He let go, and Dean remained propped up against the car, as if he hadn't wanted to let go either.
Either the guy doesn't find this amusing, or he didn't know how to tell a joke from an insult. Janitor boy simply continues squinting at Dean with that strange expression of lofty suspicion.
Better than good. “Oh, you are coming with me,” Dean mutters at the plate of fruit, and grabbing a leftover burger in the fridge, pads quietly down the hall to his room. It’s nice. Not to feel the need for a beer. He hasn’t needed to go for a beer run in two full weeks.
“I, er, I mean, maybe a little,” Dean’s teeth chatter. “Sam must have f-f-forgotten to p-put the heat on.”
"—then why'd you leave so suddenly huh?" Dean retaliates, chest heaving. "I went to get you and you were
He remembered the moment, absolute terror, when he'd seen his Dad round the corner. He'd been so shocked at first, he almost hadn't recognized him until Lee had stood up and said "Hello sir," and then the scene had set in, and he remembered the beer bottles on the ground, and his Dad's face, and for one, idiotic moment, he thought maybe his Dad was angry about the beer. Maybe he hadn't noticed how mussed their hair was and maybe he didn't look as flushed as he felt, and maybe his Dad wouldn't care anyway.
It was quiet for a moment, but more comfortable than any silence in a long time. Peaceful. Cas seemed to have that effect, at times.
but Dean squeezed them shut, curling into himself, because maybe if Cas thought he was asleep, maybe they could postpone the day.
Dean immediately feels his throat start to close up and his eyes begin to water. He takes it with trembling hands.
After politely questioning the agitated motel owner, he discovered that Sam and Dean, the customers from room 7, were indeed out for the day, and had apparently headed into town, wearing suits, and "talkin' about some weird crap: murders and such." Castiel tipped the owner generously for this information, which he knew was not necessary, but it seemed to brighten the man's countenance considerably, and Castiel retreated to room 7 to wait for the Winchesters' return.
Dean managed to sink three stripes before the fourth reflected off a corner instead of dropping into the pocket. Shrugging, Dean stood upright and faced Cas, who, he flushed to realize, had been watching his movement with the focus and intensity of a predator memorizing their prey's habits. Maybe Cas was taking the game a
But Cas obviously didn't buy it. The angel tilted his head, giving him a skeptical look. "No you're not."
Cas paused outside Hannah's blinding white door at the foremost regions of heaven. Everywhere he looked, he could see only pure whiteness—almost sterile. And yet, he felt as if he were still in that cramped motel room, musty curtains and a steamy bathroom, still emitting that flowery-clean shampoo scent…
"I would remember, Dean. I remember everything. But that name doesn't strike any gongs," Cas said seriously, while focusing on his target.
Dean grimaced at the third oddity on the table, which was, essentially, fried glands disguised with an appetizing name. "Well, can't back out now." He reached inside the container and pulled out one of the smaller greasy hunks.
"Sam—" Dean tried to argue more, but Sam grabbed the angel's shoulder with a nod, and they were gone.
I HAVE A BETA READER! jupiticas, you've been absolutely AWESOME. And I can't wait to continue working on this fic with you. It's been so fricking fun, thank you for all your spot-on tips and suggestions :)
"Actually," Dean shrugged his chin over his shoulder at Cas, who seemed to be having a good time inspecting the structure of the pool table. "Those are for him."
The angel turned to face forward, a small affectionate smile lifting one corner of his mouth. "As I said. Humans need to work on their complimenting skills."
People were often amazed by how well Dean could remember the lyrics to every song he ever heard. They'd ask him to sing a random song as far as he could remember. Most times, 'as far as he could remember' ended up being the entire song, each word placed perfectly on melody.
And then Cas had watched as the ebony blade shoved itself viciously through Dean’s body, and the first drop of darkened red blood fell upon the black floor, not even making a sound. There should have been screaming. There should have been noise and words and evidence of the agony he felt, there should have been
But outwardly, Castiel nodded. He would need to put thoughts of Dean aside for now, in order to achieve even the minimum amount of concentration required for any polite conversation.
Frowning, Cas pinched the front of his trenchcoat, and sniffed it. Still a bit damp from when Dean had fallen backwards into him, and apparently the source of the strong flowery scent.
Giving him an exasperated glare, Cas retorted "First of all: I already knew your deepest secret. And second: I am not lying, or exaggerating. My life was truly dull. I was a soldier, born to follow blindly the will of heaven."
," Dean agrees, giving Sam a mock-serious nod. "I bet there was a lot of unpacking being done over the past few days."
Cas smiled softly, amused at Dean's quickly regenerating snark. "You know I am utterly indifferent to sexual orientation, Dean."
There is no weakness, in the Empty's grasp, no mercy. It means to kill, and it has no intentions of leaving the room before Kelly and Jack are dead, and Cas—
Dean can't help smiling down at the blueberry-dappled pancakes, listening to the quiet sizzling of the griddle, and the graveled, jumbled lyrics to his new favorite song.
I couldn't have done this alone. I couldn't have done this without you thoughtful, supportive readers. Special thanks to Onloveslightwings2266. Nayeliq1. LovelyOtt98. WantsToFlyAfraidToFall. crowley_the_snek.
Groaning, Sam tossed their duffle bags into the back seat, then gave Dean a look over the top of the impala that he hoped meant 'I've heard this a thousand times would you please shut up.'
"Emeriel," he corrects. He goes to scoot around Dean, but instead of leading the way, he knocks their shoulders together and walks them off so they're side-by-side, and close. Cas is warm, and solid, and Dean almost doesn't even mind the giant ass spider staring him down from the insides of a plastic terrarium, he's that damn content.
A purse dropped first, half its contents spilling out, and then one of them whipped cream diabetes frappawhatevers followed.
"Got it," he gets back, with a knowingness and some sympathy Dean's pretty sure he should be bothered by. "Hey," Kevin tells Charlie, "you kids have fun. Watch this one 'round the karaoke machine." Dean gets another look from him, and then he's gone, making his way toward the bar.
"Well, what are we waiting for?" Dean rubs his palms together and grins. "Time to bust out the ol' supplies box. That's stashed somewhere, right?" When Sam gives him a
It's Cas, and Dean smirks at the confused look on his face because damn friggin' right, Dean went and installed one of those annoyingly loud bells on the door just to be a dick.
Dean breaks away from Cas' stare to look down at the towel, which he's still got clutched in his hands. It's blue with a sea shell border. Of course it is.
Still, right as the coast is looking clear, Sam says, "You think he's okay?" with a crapload of worry.
All around them, Purgatory nightlife droned on steadily. There was a rumble in the distance that sounded like thunder, but, so far, there hadn't been any sign of rain.
Like, not even in a 'chick that has Cas's face but also boobs and a vagina' kind of way. No, he imagined Cas on his knees in front of him, sucking Dean off like a friggin' vacuum. You know, totally normal spank bank material. Friend stuff. Not creepy at all.
Cas' gaze has gone suspicious, in addition to being slightly pink from his temperature. Dean grins and pulls a card from the deck. "Your turn," he tells Cas, who peers at him intently.
Dean tips the beer back until the rim is resting on his bottom lip. "You askin' or diagnosing, doc?" he jokes before taking a sip.
He's still just mouthing at Cas through his pants, but he's snuck his free hand around Cas' waist and dragged him close, keeping him there, which Cas seems to like, if the needy thrust that follows the manhandling is anything to go by. The sound of Dean jacking off is muffled by the towel, which, you know, sort of painful considering as dry of a rub as it is, but they're both groaning and breathing heavily, overly loud with the acoustics of the bathroom.
Sam's beaming at Dean like he couldn't be any prouder that Dean went three seconds without being an asshole. Even Cas looks grateful that they had a halfway civil encounter.
Dean, like a good little boy scout, squats back down and plants the first one in a mound of dirt before lighting it. He backs off just as it starts to scream and send a spray of projectile colored-fire through the air.
The thing is, not including the previously prowled places, there are three other dives the djinn could currently be skulking like they're its own private feeding grounds, at least according to Google. And it is a djinn, they're sure of that. Twelve hours earlier Sam and Dean had posed as FBI agents and checked out the nearly bloodless bodies of Tracy and Alex Whitman. They didn't have a pint of blood left in them, and both had puncture marks Dean was once left with himself.
"Howdy, Jo," Benny said from across the table. "Don't mind Dean here, he's been squirrelly all day."
"Okay," Hank says. That is the mother of all depressed tones. "Good luck with the move, I guess. See you, Cas."
Sam stomps around a little, just so Dean knows he isn't happy with him. The fridge door closes a little harder than it needs to be closed, the organic Goddess salad dressing Sam ruins his food with gets shaken semi-vigorously, Sam sighs pointedly. It's all very dramatic.
"Okay," Dean says, dragging Cas out of his staring. He backs up some and Cas immediately misses the view. "You should be good to go."
It probably says something about Dean's life that the first time he goes inside his brother's house -- his brother's house from the future -- it's to spook a ghost.
Dean dried his hands on his jacket and stood back up. "Friggin' weirdo, you know that," he told him, but it was all affection.
And even then, even when he was just a kid who knew to answer 'yes, sir' when being spoken to, who thought his father hung the freaking moon, who had obedience drilled into him as natural as breathing -- even then Dean was homesick for the blue-eyed boy back home.
"Hey, Dean," she greets after, waving at him, and Dean looks up like he hadn't witnessed that fail. Beside her, Sam's flared nostrils are saying DO NOT BETRAY ME, DEAN, OR SO HELP ME I WILL TORCH THIS ENTIRE APARTMENT TO THE GROUND.
With his face still planted firmly in the crook of Cas' shoulder, Dean gets them swung around and moving down the pathway. He throws his hand up in one last taunting farewell.
accomplishment, is his baby brother. That's it. And if he can't even get a joke job at some minimum wage craft shop, what the hell does he have going for him?
Dean hisses into the kiss Cas isn't giving him any space to break away from, rolling his hips clear off the seat. It's a deep, hungry, purely primal instinct, him chasing after friction like that. Cas just pulls his elbow back and adjusts to the new angle.
Literally gone. Cas and everything else, it's gone, and Dean is somewhere else all of a sudden, transported without him even noticing how.
When they broke apart it was to stare at one another, a mutual moment of awe and a silent what-the-fuck and is-this-real.
"Good morning, Sam." Also nice and friendly. "I think I'll try... the London Fog. Medium, please. And a muffin," he adds, sounding 100% calculated instead of the spontaneous he was obviously aiming for.
He can hear Cas trying to suppress his frustration. "I had to lock myself in a bathroom. Considering the number of family members who are here, and my uncle Uriel's gravy, I may only have a couple minutes."
Instantly something unfurls like a wild thing inside Dean's chest. It thrashes around, hellbent on freedom, but it stays trapped. Goddamn Cas. He knows Cas means it in the purest way possible. But still, it feels damn huge.
Not like Dean hasn't had his share of unhappy motel workers. It isn't personal. He glues on a fake smile and says, "Room. Just the one. With, ah, a king."
She's got that look in her eye, though, like Sam before he turns the juicing machine on. Without looking away from the girl, she shoves her drink at Dean and says, "B-R-B, boys."
Dean turns Sam's smirk back around on him, as satisfied and self-congratulatory as the one he'd been blasted with.
Dean exists just enough on the periphery of social media to know an insult when he hears it. "Alright," he says to let Sam know that one's not gonna fly in this household. Not because it stings, because it's so damn
Dean turns and walks over to his bed, picking up a car magazine that he flips through without even seeing it. "Not that it wasn't fun, but, c'mon. I'm not gay." He doesn't feel like himself as he says it. He feels like a grade-A asshole, but there's almost something about Cas' hurt expression when he turns back around that fuels him on, like it proves to Dean he's not worth it.
Cas gives him another one of those 'I had good intentions, but oops' stares. No time to lecture. Dean grabs Cas by the sleeve and yanks him forward, but his momentum is off. Cas winds up crashing into his back, which is when JoAnne bursts into the room, frantic-looking.
about that. All at once, Dean loses the urge to be glib. He gets serious fast, and Cas, eyes widening now, catches on.
So, yeah, Dean shoves himself forward so there ain't an inch of space between them, earning a breathy 'oof' out of Cas that he feels puff across his lips. It breaks the kiss, but only long enough for Dean to dig his free hand into the frayed end of Cas's scarf and drag him back in like he's been wanting to do for a full month now.
Dean hears Cas shuffle towards the bathroom. He flicks the light switch on and starts browsing the complimentary soaps. Then he turns the sink on. Pleased, apparently, with whatever comes out of it, he shuts it off and pushes open the door to the bathroom. Dean hears the crinkle of a shower curtain.
Well, whatever, he tried. The guy doesn't want to talk. He's not going to force a conversation. Dean is on his way back out when Cas says, "What do you want, Dean?"
Again, Cas says nothing, which is starting to both freak Dean out and piss him off. A silent, cowed Cas is never a good sign. It means the angels have got him by the short hairs.
Naomi watches, eyes riveted, like he's some animal stupid enough to try crossing a busy highway. When he's not immediately blown to pieces or flicked away like a bug, he stops caring about the scary angel lady and starts for Cas more earnestly.
"Hello," the blue-eyed guy had said, appearing at Dean's side out of nowhere enough that Dean released the world's least manly yelp for all to hear.
As he's taking one last backward glance, just to make sure Sam's actually heading in the direction of the girl and not the buffet table, he nearly smacks into someone again, but a strong hand stops and catches him.
"Don't patronize me," he whines, and Jo responds by ruffling his hair. "He made me wear the apron. The apron, Jo."
"Might sting," Dean warns, leaning across Cas to grab the gauze. He's still holding high up on his wrist, so the movement brings them in close proximity with one another. Just once, Cas's heart skips a beat too fast, but then Dean's pulling back and smiling and Cas feels like somehow he's taking advantage of the situation. Of Dean. Like he's indulging when he shouldn't.
At some point during the night, in the early hours that following morning, Cas had started dragging a tired hand over his eyes. It wasn't long after that that Dean broke their mutual researching silence to ask Cas a question, only to look up and see that Cas had his head tipped back against the couch, completely out of it.
Finally, Cas smiles. Just a small, hardly-even-counts thing that lights up his whole face anyway. Which, good. God, that's good. It makes Dean's confidence peel itself from the floor and stumble to its feet again.
Then Cas calls after him and Dean's sprinting back in that direction thinking maybe Cas found it first. He runs into the door frame on his way out and has to grit his teeth against the pain that immediately shoots up that whole left side of him.
It crashes in on them soon after when Dean gets the paper and sees 'Hitched Slayer Attacks Again' right there on the front page.
"Good god, you afraid of an electric bill?" comes Bobby, halfway through the door and cranky already. "Turn on the damn heat, some of us still like to feel our fingers and toes. And aren't you the one always out front with the little--" That's the miming of a bell, and directed at Cas, who bristles like this is some ongoing prank at his expense.
And then, because this already isn't an uncomfortable enough conversation, Sam decides to make it way more terrible by bringing up Cas. Not that Dean isn't genuinely curious, wanting answers for all the
Of course, that was when Meg dropped into the booth across from them, a sudden and very much unwanted distraction.
Not soul-wracking sobs, but there are tears in his eyes enough to make his vision blurry. His chest hurts. His head hurts. If he was a chick and this was a movie, some sucky love song would pluck quietly in the background to juice all the angst out of his misery, but it's real life and real pain and the last time he remembers an ache this bad his dad was dropping him and Sammy and most of their belongings off at Bobby's with that fake smile and the son-of-a-bitch was lying, 'see you soon, kiddo.'
hands again, letting Dean follow, though Dean does so with his eyes on Sam the whole time, alert for anything.
The night stand drawer opens to, no surprise, night time supplies for night time activities. Some lotion, a travel size packet of napkins... well, well, a half-empty bottle of lube. Future-Dean, you kinky bastard.
Cas nods at Sam over the hood of the car, about as gushy as the guy gets. Dean's prying open the driver's door when Sam clears his throat.
, Dean would choose him over just about anybody save maybe his brat little brother, no contest, but how was that any different than usual?
Silence settles around them after that, for a while too, comfortable and easy, but then Cas breaks it.
"Dean," he announces solemnly, coming up on him from behind. It scares the living shit out of Dean, quiet as the intrusion is.
Busted, Cas stills and, from his spot perched between Dean's knees, meets Dean's eyes with Dean's dick still in his mouth. Then they both decide 'screw it' and Cas goes right back to the blow job and Dean's mind blanks out in pleasure. The slight fever Cas still has makes his mouth almost unbearably hot and seriously, fuck everything else, Dean is never leaving this room again.
