, that Dean can’t believe Cas isn’t drowning in tears. “I’m no angel, Dean; not anymore.”
“You aren’t real. You aren’t really Cas,” Dean gasps, throwing himself in the opposite direction as fast as his too-thin body can manage when the apparition reaches for him.  “
Dean’s up and in his face almost immediately, lockpicks busy in the handcuffs. The metal clicks open and Cas’s hands fall to his sides as the rest of him settles to the ground. It only takes a moment to wash his limbs with grace and revitalize the lost blood flow, and then he’s able to reach for Dean.
tired—but his vessel feels ungainly, weighed down by what he had seen a few minutes before.
” Cas is out the door.
There’s an entire drum section going at it in Dean’s chest and all the blood in his body has definitely convened an emergency council in his dick. It’s extremely tempting to just lay back and enjoy the dream come true. However, when Cas starts rocking against him, making sounds Dean’s pretty sure will haunt him for the rest of his life, he realizes he needs to do something or this is going to get really awkward, really fast.
Cas blinks sleepily several times before apparently coming to a decision. He yanks Dean down without a word, then rolls them both until Cas is on top. “I have a better idea,” he says, sliding down Dean’s body beneath the covers, a man on a mission if Dean’s ever seen one.
Nothing special.
. They’re on the couch in a room that smells like pie, and Sam’s wearing the same faded peace sign shirt he’d been wearing all night.
Cas pushes himself off his chair and begins gathering glass fragments and herbs together with careful fingers. “Don’t let me keep you from Princess Needza Dicken, Dean,” he says, and if Sam couldn’t see his face from here, couldn’t see the way he squeezes his eyes shut and sniffs after, he might think Cas didn’t give two shits about Dean at all.
“Keep it,” he says. “Cas and I will need a room tonight...and you did save his life.”
“Dude,” Dean says, burying his face in Cas’s chest to muffle his laughter. “I think the fey have the zoomies.”
“It’s best for everyone if I go and you know it.”
She nods solemnly. “And he had a big sack on his back, too. Like...like Santa, except he was mad. And he was really skinny like Mister Andrews’ scarecrow.”
It’s a bit of a task to get out of the room without colliding with the fey, but they eventually dash out, up the crystal corridor and out through the geode entry. The sky above is velvet dark broken only by the pinpricks of stars and the rising moon. Dean grins up at it and takes a deep breath.
“No!” Dean huffs out, laughing despite himself. “God no, I’m twenty-six, man, I’ve been around the block. It’s just been awhile.” He can feel Cas relax against him. For some reason, it makes him wish he could have said yes. What would it have been like, really, for Cas to be his first?
“You’re so beautiful,” Cas says out of nowhere, a few minutes later. “Still so beautiful, and you don’t give a single shit, do you? All you see in the mirror is failure and damnation.” He inhales sharply, his free hand wiggling between them to press, fingers splayed, against Dean’s chest. “You don’t see what I see, Dean, and it’s going to destroy me.”
Dean grins up at him, his mind swimming with possibilities. “Like I could kiss an angel.”
To his surprise, Dean surges forward, boxing him against Baby’s window with his arms. His lips are ravenous and that odd little spark surges higher within Castiel’s body with every new movement. It feels incredible. It feels like everything Castiel has ever wanted, magnified ten times or more.
It’s easy enough to carefully lift that drawstring waistband over Cas’s swollen cock, to push the fabric down until Cas kicks his legs free of it. Then they’re stretched next to each other on the cheap sheets, skin to skin and hearts pounding in wild counter rhythm to each other, and Dean’s never been more exhilarated in his entire damn life.
“Hakuna your ta-tas, you harp-playing hummingbird,” she says, and cracks her gum with a
Cas cocks an eyebrow, examining his face thoughtfully. “No, you never have,” the angel muses. “I suppose that’s why I love you, even when it hurts.” His attention shifts back to Sam as if he hadn’t just delivered a bomb greater than anything Chuck’s thrown at them so far. Dean stares at the angel in abject shock.
Something has him by the shoulders and is shaking him too hard to ignore. Dean tears his eyes away from the asshole that stole his angel’s face to look at his brother instead. “What does it  want, Sammy?” he demands, “what is that thing?”
The weight of Castiel’s gaze pulls Dean’s eyes up, but the angel glances away, hiding his discomfort behind millennia of stoicism and a clenched jaw. He doesn’t look back until Anya sets her crayon down with a satisfied exclamation.
Cas squints at him, head cocked to the side as he considers the request, then nods and puts his hand on Dean’s shoulder, giving him a comforting squeeze before letting his arm fall back to his side. He doesn’t have to say anything to show he understands. Of course he does; Cas always understands, and it’s one of the biggest items on a list of ‘things Cas does’ that Dean doesn’t know how to deal with.
Cas’s jaw tightens. “I’m
His thoughts keep him busy long after he admits to Sam that Cas sacrificed himself. They keep him busy until he takes off the jacket and folds it carefully, places it in the center of the extra trench coat Cas had kept in his closet for some reason, and puts both in Baby’s trunk. Doing it is symbolic, a ritualistic middle finger to the string of fate tied about his neck like a noose. As long as he keeps the coat, the door is open. As long as he keeps the faith, he’ll see Cas again.
“This is different,” Deann snaps. “Sully knew you just needed to get out, and he was right. My shit was...complicated. Big stuff, not hunting, and I was so confused. She wouldn’t leave it the hell alone. She harped on and on about ‘we are who we are’ and Dad doesn’t have the right to take that away from me. And—”
By the time they’ve found a large tree to shelter against and dig some leftover meat and a biscuit each out of their bags, Cas’s shoulders are drooping and every line in his body screams weariness. Dean watches him, feeling unsettled by Cas’s distress in a way he can’t quite put a finger on. It’s too close in a weird way, like he can feel what Cas feels in some part of him he’s never been aware of before.
Cas lost his trench coat and blazer somewhere along the way, so Dean yanks that damnable dress shirt free and slides his hands beneath to explore a body he’s barely dared to dream about. It’s illogical, but he expects to find wings or feathers, some physical sign that Cas is not human. He finds only smooth muscle, but that’s perfectly fine; better, really, because a human body presents fewer reasons for Dean’s brain to argue with what’s happening.
She loses the battle with grief, her head falling fully into her hands as sobs wrack her slender shoulders. Dean shifts uncomfortably. He’d usually be doing something to help, but Cas’s hand is still on the woman’s forearm, shutting Dean out more thoroughly than a physical wall could have.
“I think—”
Dean laughs, then tries his hardest to sober up for his next words. “Let’s get married.”
Cas stares at him in visible shock, his chest heaving. He doesn’t speak, but he does pointedly drag his nails up Dean’s neck and over the back of his head. Then he yanks at Dean’s hair, his hands moving in rhythmic waves that short circuits every thought in Dean’s mind. His eyes roll back in his head and he forgets what he’s doing, mouth hanging open as he gets lost in the movement and touch and
They find Sam in the library with Eileen. Sam has his arm around Eileen’s shoulders, his hand rubbing her upper arm in a way that is probably as comforting to him as it is to her.
He spins in a circle, arms outspread, and a bunch of people nearby dodge out of the way. The heavy air in the warehouse flows around him like syrup and he leans into it, laughing. He can feel his socks cradling his feet, his shoes cushioning them from damage. The seam of his pants is an intriguing presence up the side of his leg and his boxers hug his junk, providing constant reminder that touch would feel good right about now. His shirt is sweat-damp against his chest and even the chill is delightful.
They kiss for so long that Dean’s lips ache, swollen and spit-slick, when they finally part. Cas pulls away and Dean watches him as he studies Dean. “I have loved you since the moment I saw your soul in hell,” Cas whispers, “and I will love you till mountains crumble to the sea.”
“If that’s the truth,” he says finally, “Let me speak to Cas.”
of metal on flesh anymore, or the ghastly howls that fill the air. There’s a fire in his chest now, carrying heat to rival the hellish smoke they’re fighting through. It drives him on, keeps his arms swinging and his feet moving long past the point he should have fallen. He fights, and trusts his family, and waits for the blow that will end him for good.
Miriam laughs. “Pretty much. If you want to sweeten them up a little, give them a coin. They don’t have use for currency as such, but they enjoy the shine of metal.”
Sam know so many people these days?—to learn every scrap he can about the area, the victims, and the local chatter. “Bingo,” he announces as they cross the Mississippi border. “Got a good start. The mother of one of the victims is a witch.”
If he’s honest with himself he’s known how Cas feels since Purgatory, perhaps even since Cas turned his back on heaven’s plans and blasted Zachariah away in that damned angelic waiting room. He knows and he has known, and the entire concept terrifies him because what is he supposed to do with it?
Dean pauses on the brink. “I’ll miss this soulmate thing,” he admits.
was the coolest thing ever, actually, and he would have braved any challenge if it meant a high five from her later. “This’ll do the deed if you can catch the bastard. If Dean needs me, just give a holler; you know the drill. So long, suckers.”
There are other differences about the world as well, though it’s hard to put a finger on what they are, or if they’re even real.
A second later he bends, pushing his jeans and boxers down. When he straightens he’s lazily stroking his cock and his eyes are fixed on Dean. There’s no trace of distant fantasy there, only solid, unquenchable desire. Dean swallows, suddenly intimidated.
about where you came from. Since your friend is missing, let’s skip the bullshit and get to the truth before you lose him for good, shall we?”
The story is more than strange enough to meet case criteria. Sam reads through every article he can find before he looks toward the library. “Hey, Cas!” he calls, craning his neck toward the library. He hopes the angel’s supernatural hearing will help him out.
“What the hell, man. That ain’t funny.” Sam has pulled some shitty pranks in his day, but this one doesn’t even deserve the time of day, let alone a laugh.
Muller spreads her hands in a universal sign of coy innocence. “What happens with a Zanna, stays with a Zanna,” she says. Then she pauses, her gaze going slightly off-focus for a breath or two. “Speaking of, Derek needs me. Dean...you gonna be okay?”
Sam and Eileen drop by for dinner.
He pulls away again, and this time when he ducks down he pauses just before his lips press against Dean’s.
Blue eyes glimmer in the dim light of the warehouse as Cas drops to one knee beside Dean, his tie eskew and his hair looking as if he’d just had three rounds of the world’s best sex.
Dean’s not sure he’ll ever recover.
: pupils blown wide, lips swollen and spit-slick, and hair standing in every direction. Dean makes an incoherent sound in the back of his throat and slams his head back into the pillow, eyes squeezed shut.
The fey are losing their fucking shit. Dean hadn’t been entirely sure if they walked or floated when he first saw them. Given the rate at which they’re flinging themselves about the room now, it seems it’s the latter. They’re little more than vibrating beams of light, actually, crackling and hissing as they streak around the walls, up the arch of the ceiling, and back down.
“What the hell, Bobby,” Dean complains as he leans over to find the right signature line.
“Well that’s vague.” She purses her lips, then she nails him to the wall with a single look. “Take care of that unicorn, Dean. I mean it. You hurt him and trust me, no one will find your body.”
, already resigned to his fate. Somehow no one had understood that he meant it for
“It will be okay,” Cas says, with such certainty that Dean actually smiles, hope rekindled behind the green eyes staring up at him in something akin to wonder.
Dean drives the knife home with a growled curse, then sits back, scrubbing his hands on his thighs as if burned.
and all he can remember is
This dream’s all I got left of you, Cas. It’s all I can ever have. I can’t—I can’t—” he buries his face in Cas’s lap. “I can’t lose you again.”
as he pulls back up and away, then does it again. And again. His tongue slides along the underside of Cas’s cock, curls into the sensitive spot just below the head.
of it is.” He turns his attention back to the fey. “I don’t want to fuck this up, okay? Just...just get under the hood yourselves. Have a look around, tinker with the spark plugs.” He spreads his arms. “Do what you gotta so I can talk to him. I won’t stop you.”
“I’m guessing your world doesn’t manifest such connections?”
“Such a strange, contradictory creature,” the original speaker says, and then its long fingers touch Dean’s forehead in a flash of white.
He’s breathless, cheeks stained pink, and Castiel can’t stop staring. He abandoned heaven for this man without a second thought, took a leap into the unknown, lost his wings, his faith, his family, and his pride, and hasn’t stopped falling since, but has never expected anything in return.
He cuts off when he realizes he’s been watching Cas through the whole speech, lost in blue eyes and scruff, messy hair and broad shoulders. The angel wets his lips with a familiar flick of his tongue and Dean thinks about all the things Muller knows he wants, but can’t have.
“I could hurt you,” Cas manages to get out, his eyes wild, pupils even darker than they had been at the club as he stares over his naked body to where Dean is sloppily licking his cock.
to leave), and it had been an unexpectedly pleasant experience.
“Fuck that,” he snaps.
“Dean,” Cas’s voice is hoarse and desperate, echoing from the kitchen. “Dean, please come here.”
“What do I do?”
There’s a long silence, and Castiel wonders if he imagined the whole thing. Then Dean and Sam come into view, followed quickly by Muller. The brothers each have a hand on one of the Zanna’s shoulders. Dean’s carrying her knife, while Sam has a firearm at the ready.
“Well...you didn’t actually order anything,” she says evasively, “and you being new to these parts and all, I wouldn’t feel right asking for payment.”
to be dreaming. There is absolutely no way anything in this stupid fucking world is real.
Words aren’t enough to respond to that. Castiel’s fingers wrap into Dean’s shirt and tug him forward the extra inch it takes for their lips to connect.
“Dean?”  It’s less an inquiry and more a beseeching plea; Cas’s voice catches mid-word and he wets his lips after. “
Sam watches him go, jaw clenched. Whatever the hell’s going on between Castiel and Dean, they need to hurry up and get over it. Chuck made a big enough mess of the world without those two adding more to the muddle.
” It’s lame in comparison to the poetry Cas is heaping on him, but the angel’s delighted laugh in response is heavy with satisfaction.
She’s smiling up at Dean, and Dean’s grinning like the dumbass human he’s always been, and something odd is happening in Castiel’s vessel’s rib cage that he just doesn’t have time for.  He clears his throat to draw Sam’s attention, leaning sideways to whisper to him, “Ever come across that before?”
“I love you,” he whispers into the darkness. It seems safe to say so, now, if a little cowardly.
Her crude sketch of a skinny, stooped man with a sack on his back and a fabric head with a rip for a mouth looks almost cute.  “His eyes were black but I only had orange,” she supplies in a serious tone.
Dean and Cas eat their pie and go to bed soon after.
“We need to talk, Dean,” he says in that voice like thunder and gravel had a love child.
Sam nods, pointing an approving finger at Castiel. “Bingo. They’re actually related to Zanna, though I doubt they’d like to acknowledge it. They don’t kill, they just scare bad children into being good.”
“Exactly,” Cas stares into the fire pit for so long Dean wonders if the conversation is over before it began. Cas does that sometimes, and it never stops being infuriating. When the other man finally speaks again, he sounds small and lost. “I applied for several graduate programs, but my father says he will not pay for them, so I- I’m fucked.”
“We have seen into your heart, Castiel. You would have done the same with or without your grace.”
Dean crawls in first, giving a self-conscious shrug as he settles into his pillow with his face to the wall. He feels Cas slide under the blankets a moment later, and then the desk lamp clicks out.
“So talk,” Dean makes a flippy gesture with his hands, “unless you’d rather drown yourself a bit more first.”
It feels…
“Yes. Sam, what the fuck, where—”
Dean remembers lighting Cas’s pyre a few years ago when they’d still thought Jack was the devil incarnate. His loss had hacked and slashed at him, flayed him from the inside out. The grief had turned to rage that burned through him like Cas’s grace, had kept him on his feet.
They have a full ranch spread for breakfast, sitting together in the airy breakfast nook that had been half the reason Dean insisted on
“Not that I can tell.” Dean shrugs. “I feel different, but it’s hard to explain. Kinda tingly?”
It isn’t difficult to play the part of blissed-out husband-to-be in the ensuing shenanigans. His mind is so wrapped up in thoughts of Castiel that he barely notices when Charlie drags him into yet another bar. He comes back to Earth with a thump, however, when Cas himself lands in his lap with a tipsy laugh and an incoherent string of English and Russian commentary.
“Yes,” Cas breathes. His fingers tighten in Dean’s shirt and he swallows once, then twice. His eyes are as blue as the sky beyond, Dean notices—and feels something warm and golden blossom inside him as he continues to stare.
That’s fine with him. He’s probably giving them the same blank smile and doesn’t even realize it, so who is he to judge? There’s an acrid taste on his tongue, too, his mouth watering like mad. The bass drops a few minutes later and Dean feels it to his bones. This DJ, whoever she is, is fucking
Dean snorts. “Thanks a bunch.”
Dean nearly drops a china figurine he doesn’t remember picking up. By the time he’s put it back in its place on the sideboard he’s dragged himself out of the dream he doesn’t want to remember, away from the past he wishes he could live again, and back to the present where Cas is still talking.
, began to fill. He knows without question that he is regaining something he hadn't known was missing, but the
Miriam laughs, musical and sweet. “You’re new to our world, boy,” she says. “You noticed the plants were odd and you saw the sprites in the forest, but you never once wondered what else might be different here?”
“As you wish,” he says instead, low and breathy. Cas won’t get the reference, but it doesn’t matter. It’s the thought that counts, and Dean is going to make damn sure it counts
“She’ll be easier to deal with,” Castiel comments from the back. By the sound of it, his face is angled toward Sam, and Sam alone.
Then they’re outside and they’re both waving the concerned security guard away because the
Eventually Cas grumbles and breaks away. “We can’t get married if we freeze to death.”
“Son of a
“Are you a virgin?” Cas asks in a surprised tone, the finger disappearing as if slapped.
“I have something for you,” Dean announces as he shrugs off his jacket. He drops a large yellow envelope on Cas’s keyboard and stuffs his hands in his pockets while he waits for his friend to pick it up.
Castiel sighs. “I am the same.” He reaches out. “May I?” Dean hesitates only a moment before nodding agreement. Castiel puts his fingers to Dean’s forehead and lets his grace flow through the human’s body, searching for any signs of damage.
“Which did me in, the pickled herring or the squid sushi?”
Dean’s awake, he’s fairly sure, but the warmth and spicy scent of ‘hot dude’ that he’d been drowning in in his dreams is still filling his nose. He squirms a little to relieve the weight across his shoulders, then freezes when he realizes his face is nestled against Cas’s chest.  Cas’s other arm is slung over his body (
“Why? She clearly didn’t care enough to show up, and he already knew. Besides, I told her to take a hike a long time ago and I haven’t missed her.”
“I can look for him,” Muller says, “and once I’ve found him,
“It’s private. Sam can fuck off until he gets over himself, and so can you.”
Dean smiles at him, but the expression is a little distracted. All three newcomers have their eyes fixed on a point behind Castiel, and he abruptly realizes that they’re walking as they are so Dean and Sam can see the bogeyman.
, Dean thinks affectionately, and then he’s slipping, sliding, tripping backward, and inky tendrils pull him into the void
“Sully’s busy,” Sam says. He’s vibrating with tension, shoving a hand through his hair again and again as if the strands will magically give him answers. “I don’t know what kind of Zanna emergency could be more important than endangered children. I thought the kids were the most important thing to them, you know? Whatever it is, it’s got him all tied up.”
Metallica fills Baby as soon as Dean starts the engine. No one objects; Dean’s clearly not in the mood to talk, Sam’s shuffling through email on his phone again, and Castiel’s not certain he remembers how to form words. And so it goes, all the way back to their shoddy accommodations.
Cas is so close he barely has to move before Dean feels their lips touch.
,” Dean says, giving Cas a shove, and that’s how they end up tumbling back into their own world in a mess of flailing limbs and laughter, rather than with the dignified step they’d both intended.
Castiel rolls his eyes to the ceiling, exasperation finally overcoming his desire to keep the higher ground of quiet distance. “
“Sweetheart, we have to go to work,” Dean says, between placing careful kisses along each of Cas’s grumpy frown lines. Cas grumbles, so Dean tries a different approach. “I have a moka pot; next best thing to professional espresso, you gotta try it.”
Dean’s grip tightens enough to leave bruises on any human. “That ain’t what I’m talking about,” he mumbles, “not at all, man. I told Muller to hit the road because she told me what I was feeling was okay. She said—she said I could like who I liked; it didn’t matter what Dad thought, she said. I was still me and I was still a good person.”
He’s ready to go, anyway, and maybe that’s a bigger factor than knowing it’s going to happen.  He never left the room where Cas died, not really, and as he eats his pie and watches the kids play, he knows now that he never will. If he somehow tricks fate and survives this hunt, he knows he’ll just find another opportunity, and another, and another, until he can finally let go. That’s just how it is, now, his new reality.
when he gets to the park he can see a figure in brown on a bench at the opposite end of the field. Dean cuts straight across without care for the snow and ice that gets in his boots.
“What, teasing ain’t your thing?” Dean laughs as he bites at Cas’s nipple again; the growl tips upward into something deliciously close to an outright moan. He moves to the other side, lips merciless as his fingers move up to tweak at the one he just abandoned, delighting in every new sound he elicits from his partner.
They kiss, hot and frantic, messy and wet, until Dean’s certain every trace of his old fear has been utterly seared away by the heat of it all. Then Cas’s mouth shifts to leave a trail of hot kisses along Dean’s jaw, and Dean’s brain actually short circuits. His eyes roll up in his head and he emits an embarrassingly high-pitched groan, hands scrambling to touch skin, any skin, rather than the thin fabric currently in his way.
Cas’s face goes on a journey to put Frodo’s hike to Mount Doom to shame, but eventually his shoulders slump. “I’ll take the couch,” he says. He immediately flops on the loveseat and closes his eyes as if he’s actually going to sleep just like that, with his shoes on and his head uncomfortably cricked against the worn arm.
Dean releases his arm and straightens until they can face each other at a more comfortable angle. Then he just looks. Really
“A door back, perhaps,” Cas says for Dean’s ears only. “I have no reason not to trust them, Dean. They treated me well and let us go when we wished.”
It takes two seconds for Dean to be up and after him, physically blocking the front door when Cas makes like he’s going to take off completely. “Dude, where are you going? It’s three am. You don’t have to leave, okay? Just- just stay. Please.”
They meet Meg and Charlie at the Roadhouse that night to share their news. Meg immediately drawls “tell me something I don’t know, Winchester,” and Dean flips her the bird. Charlie squeals and insists on a group hug, then demands details about their romance, the proposal, and the wedding. Dean and Cas share a single horrified look before ad libbing answers as best they can. They talk for hours, it seems, and Dean is shocked at how easy it is to pretend the whole thing isn’t a giant sham.
.” Dean licks his lips and pointedly does not look at anything except his brother’s face. He doesn’t need to see Cas’s confused frown or Muller’s sad smile. “She can’t. She don’t know a damn thing about anything. She’s a freaking imaginary friend, made up by kids, to comfort kids, in the way
Cas’s hand creeps up to rest on top of Dean’s. An electric shock travels up Dean’s arm at the touch and his breath hitches. Their faces are inches apart now and sure, they’ve been this close before, but not in a long time. This feels different...more volatile. That ball of gold light inside of Dean’s chest is purring like Baby after a tune up and he’s not sure what to do next.
Cas looks at their joined hands, his thumbs rubbing circles over the backs of Dean’s hands. “I’ve enjoyed these spring days with you more than I can express,” he says. “Sharing a bed, tending our garden, visiting with Sam...it’s everything I could have dreamed for you. I love seeing you so happy.”
“I didn’t know,” Cas starts to say, but the fey waves its hand.
They stay like that, hovering on the brink of some cataclysmic change that leaves Dean’s heart hammering with hope and his breath baited in terror, for what feels like an eternity. It’s Cas who pulls away first, his touch gentle and his eyes kind as he extracts himself from Dean’s grip. There’s uncertainty thrumming in Dean’s chest, however, and bittersweet pain, and somehow Dean knows they aren’t his own.
A loud bang yanks him back to reality. He blinks, shaking his head and looking around for some sign of what’s happening, but nothing presents itself. A moment later there’s a second bang, and Castiel realizes he can hear voices.
“Dean is just trying to help,” Castiel speaks up. “Did anything happen that you didn’t feel comfortable sharing with the police? You know we are not...like them.”
He reaches for Cas, his hands bumping and fumbling until his fingers are buried in dark hair. “Please come home, sweetheart.” That gold soulmate bullshit inside him is so big and bright he can barely stand to look at it and it feels
Steady beeping works its way into Dean’s dreams.
“So,” Dean says over breakfast the next day. Miriam makes a mean plate of eggs and bacon and it’s been pretty much all he can think about for the better part of twenty minutes. Now he’s full, though, and they have another problem to face. “How do we get home?”
Her eyes light up and she grins, shuffling closer to Dean and grabbing the crayon. She has chocolate on her nose now, and her fingers leave smears on the hunter’s sleeve. Dean seems oblivious, however, simply holding the napkin steady while she works.
“So,” Sam begins, “why didn’t I know you had a Zanna? That
He tries to wiggle away despite his body’s
“You sure about this?” Dean asks.
They spend some time re-learning each other’s bodies. What Cas feels as their caresses grow more intimate is deep and slow, nothing like the flash-fire passion of their prior encounters. Lingering touches and murmured endearments pull them along at an unhurried pace, until at last they reach the brink and topple over, gasping and laughing and swearing all at once.
“What’s that supposed to mean?” Dean demands.
Dean’s
Then the generator kicks in, reality crashes down, and Dean’s fingers curl into the still-damp handprint on his coat like the only life line to sanity.
“That’s insane,” Dean says weakly. “You realize that’s utterly batshit crazy, right?”
. Except it isn’t and they both know it, and Dean has no idea what to do.
Dean is staring at the floor, hunched in on himself like a child caught with his hand in the cookie jar and no excuse for his transgression. Castiel reaches without thought, fingers sliding along Dean’s jaw to tip his head up. He studies the hunter’s face, noting every freckle, every wrinkle, every tiny scar that he hasn’t yet had the chance to erase.
Castiel reaches for his phone with his free hand.
It’s hell on Earth, everything they've given their lives to avoid. They fought Heaven and Hell and Leviathan and everything in between, lost friends and family, their futures, their sanity, their freedom. Every sacrifice they’ve ever made, every battle fought and won, all the pain and fear and death and sleepless nights, it all led to this point.
, desperate and frightened despite the rage in his words.
,” Cas replies senselessly, hopelessly lost in the storm of feeling inside him. He moves, then, seeking, and when their mouths seal together, it feels like coming home.
Cas examines the bit of paper carefully, his fingers trembling as they run over the velvet-smooth surface, before looking up with wounded eyes. “It’s each person’s choice when or if they share their identity with others,” he says, “but...I wish you had told me, Dean.”
“And?”
His mouth apparently has a mind of its own and decides behaving is for squares. “Did you walk in on him getting it on with the bartender or something?”
“You misunderstand us, human.” They rustle about again and Dean clenches his teeth against the jolts and sizzling power that roll through his bones. “We may require energy to survive, but we do not bring humans here to feast on your heartbreak. We bring you here to heal you when you have been betrayed and cannot continue on your own. Sometimes you heal naturally with peace and the passage of time. Most of the time your mate comes looking for you, and your reunion heals the fracture. We have heard that abandoned soulmates do not survive long outside, but if they come to our care, death is quite rare.”
” She demands, leaning into Dean’s space with a glare every bit as fierce as any Castiel, Angel of the Lord, has ever directed at him.
“Bogeymen are like those awkward second cousins who crash your wedding, get drunk off a single wine cooler, then start scaring off your guests with uneducated political monologues.” Muller’s off the bed now, leaning over Sam’s laptop as they talk. “They’re also dangerous because for all they lack elsewhere, they’re really good at two things: scaring children and hiding.”
Cas settles into the deep vee formed by the roots surrounding them and rolls into his cloak with a deep sigh. Dean watches him for a few minutes, but then he turns to stare at the wide pool formed by the falling water.
The ache slams back with a vengeance, all the hurt and pain and grief that Heaven had erased suddenly raising its ugly head to consume him. Dean lets himself slide further down until he’s curled on his side on the ground, his arms wrapped around himself in a futile attempt to protect himself.
Dean rolls his eyes, digs in the little pouch on his belt, and produces two silver coins. “This enough?” he asks.
The thought is fleeting, chased away without a trace by Cas’s finger sliding inside him once more. He’s used to perfunctory finger work at best, so he’s completely blindsided when Cas all but makes love to him with his hand. He uses one finger, then two, and mixes fast straight thrusts with slow massage, fingers curled up to grind against Dean’s prostate. He keeps going until Dean’s well past panting and babbling praise.
, Sam thinks irritably but hides it beyond the smallest of eye rolls. “You, me, Dean… Team Free Will, right? Come on, dude. It’s clearly a case.”
He’s angry in a way Dean’s only seen a few times before. The last time, he’d sneaked off and nearly got himself killed. He remembers the fight afterward, their bodies colliding with each other and the walls, but overall he remembers Cas’s
The benefit of a sleeping brother and an absent angel is Sam gets to enjoy his smoothie and avocado toast free of sarcastic commentary. He relaxes back, hoisting his feet onto the chair in front of him. With a crunch of avocado-y, flax-seed-y goodness, he flicks open his laptop with his other hand to see what his programmed alerts have found for him overnight. Dean says he has too many—“a ridiculous amount" to be specific—but they’ve been too useful over the years for his brother to push too hard.
“I can make you a bed on the floor out here if you want,” he says, gesturing to the space he’d cleared in front of the couch, “but I don’t really have much bedding. Plus I gotta say, my bed’s a lot more comfortable if you don’t mind, uh...sharing...until we can get you an air mattress.” He shoves half a sandwich in his mouth at the end, both to keep himself from babbling and to give him an excuse not to respond to whatever Cas says next.
“Maybe a little,” Cas admits with a laugh, and they fall back into their usual work routine as if Dean hadn’t just spent a week waiting for test results while obsessively tracking down every lurid detail he could find about the deadly virus sweeping the planet.
His foot slips as he lands, twisting in an odd way, then slides into empty air. He teeters as cold adrenaline rushes through his body, his arms windmilling for balance. He looks upward, eyes fixed on Cas’s face as cold dread takes over. It isn’t that far to the bottom of the drop, he knows that. He’ll probably survive, but it’ll hurt like hell and Cas can’t heal him. He probably can’t even get Dean to the village on his own as things are, and he knows Cas will never leave him.
“I told you to hide,” that strange little voice remarks. “Since you didn’t, I made do.” It sounds oddly pleased with itself, as if solving problems isn’t something it typically has to do.
he thinks.
Jesus, could he be any more obnoxious?” Dean mutters, and Castiel watches Sam’s face go tight and hard, his nostrils flaring and jaw working as he fights to stay calm.
“Why?” Dean asks, reaching around Cas to tug the fridge open and grab a beer. “Balthazar’s waiting, isn’t he?” Cas just stares at him, and Dean gets the distinct impression he made a wrong turn a few stops back and needs to make his way back to the GPS-recommended route. “You aren’t going back with him?” He asks in a slightly less acidic tone.
“No,” he says unhappily, “he doesn’t. Why?”
Dean nips at him with a pleased chuckle. “Damn you’re sexy when you swear.”
The packs are jammed to the brim with supplies, some obvious in purpose, some not so much. There are even some strange coins tucked away in a corner that Dean is certain are actual gold and silver. They bicker a little about the wisdom of eating the travel biscuits they find—but quickly conclude they’re probably safer than eating random plants and hoping for the best.
“Because it hurt,” Cas snaps, and now he
After a moment of hesitation that has his heart in his throat and his stomach doing queasy flips, Dean leans in to press a kiss against Cas’s cheek. We would need to share affections, Cas had said, and this seemed as good a time as any to make good on that requirement.
Muller turns toward Sam, neatly flipping that monster of a knife over the back of her hand to offer it hilt first. Dean can remember when she taught him that trick and he thought it was the coolest thing ever...when
, but nothing works. He’s trapped, the sound echoing and throbbing in his head like a determined fist on a door. His head is splitting and his chest hurts from running and fear. There’s someone with him, but their mouth is glued shut with shadows and no matter how Dean turns, he can’t see their face.
The episode ends and Cas mutes the TV before commercials can blare at them. They remain in companionable silence until Dean looks up at Cas (how’d his head end up in the guy’s lap, anyway?) and slurs, “y’know, there’s way to fix this...problem...thing...issue. You know what I mean.”
There’s movement off to the side and Dean swings toward it, his hands scrambling for something, anything, to fight with.
Sam’s wearing some sort of flannel under a brown jacket. There’s blood splattered on his face and they’re surrounded by cold air that reeks of death.
The next time he wakes up he’s in a bed in the bunker’s infirmary, and Cas is sitting next to him, reading.
Cas rolls onto his back and puts one arm behind his head, staring up at the ceiling as if it contains the answers to the universe. “I thought I knew what to expect from physical intimacy,” he says, “I was very wrong.”
They can’t stay in bed all day, of course. Charlie and Meg descend on them around dinner time with a veritable laundry list of stuff they have to do, and for the first time Dean doesn’t fear the conversation. He shares shy glances with Cas as they go over who will stand where, who will say what, when this or that event will occur. None of it is new, but now there’s a certain kind of magic in the air as they hash out the details.
It’s just upsetting to see Cas worn down, he decides. Him being human is still new for them both, still distressing to witness and experience even if they weren’t trapped in freaking Narnia-elect without a single clue how to get home.
“You better hide quick,” the voice says, and there’s an odd sing-song lilt to it that wasn’t there before, “because I’m going to get you.”
“It definitely is. Versions of them appear in folk tales across the world. According to this hunter’s blog I was reading—”
Eventually, the road curves to the east while the invisible tether tugs him further north. The sun is getting low in the sky and Dean pauses, chewing on his lip as he considers his options. The safer option right now is to make camp and find Cas tomorrow. He feels much closer now somehow, so Dean’s pretty sure he won’t have to actually scale the mountains ahead, but he hadn’t thought to ask the innkeeper about non-fey dangers lurking in the foothills.
here, and Dean’s chest is full to bursting. In that moment he knows he’d sell his soul to Hell all over again, give up on the Apocalypse and everything else, if it meant Cas never left his side again.
They don’t talk about it the next day, or the day after that. It’s the following Tuesday, in fact, by the time Dean gets home to find Cas writing at the kitchen table, coffee cold and long forgotten beside his laptop.
“Of course,” Cas says. After a brief pause he continues wickedly, “Besides, there are things I want to do to you that suit beds better than bare ground.”
, Dean thinks as he watches Cas sling one of the packs on his back and buckles it in place,
Dean twists to squint at her over the top of his mask as he scrapes out the oven. “What?”
His phone is still beeping. Dean fumbles for it, staring bleary-eyed at the display that tells him his alarm has been going off for a solid ten minutes. He jabs the “dismiss” button and lets the damn thing fall off the bed completely.
“This one’s apparently a little too good at its job. How do we stop it?” Sam asks.
Wave after wave of mindless malevolence peaks and crashes against men and angel, only to get pushed back by their desperate blows. Dean barely registers the sickening
Dean spans the distance between them in three steps, leaning in to catch Cas’s bottom lip between his teeth as soon as he’s within reach. From there it’s laughing and pushing, kisses and caresses, stumbling back and forth as they explore each other’s bodies with needy hands and hungry lips.
Exhaustion snatches consciousness away before they get any further, however. His last conscious thought is that this? This is how he wants the rest of his nights to be.
“She didn’t leave,” Dean retorts. “I told her to get out or I’d gank her monster ass.”
“I don’t understand.”
“Sam called us,” Dean says slowly, searching his mind for the details. Sam is in Ireland right now. He’s technically on an extended vacation, but he’s still taking calls because the dude has no idea how to take a break. The most he can do from that distance is tell Dean about what he hears, which can be useful and frustrating.
Anything else he was about to babble is cut off when Cas grabs him by the shoulder and physically hauls him, stumbling and swearing, down the hall. He’s vaguely aware of the crowd parting in front of them like the Red Sea, but then they’re at the door and they’re crowding close to one another because neither is willing to step away to let the other through easily.
From the outside Dean is the embodiment of frustrated rage, shoulders rolled back and feet planted as if he’s expecting a physical fight. At first he meets Castiel glare for glare, but then his eyes flick downward and his tongue slips out to wet his lips. They’re ten years younger and Dean’s telling him about personal space. Eight years younger and he’s watching Dean defend him in blind faith, even as his head insists there’s something wrong. Seven years younger and—
“Maybe he got bored,” Sam pants, apropos of nothing. He’s doubled over and clutching at his chest with his right hand, gasping for breath even as he smiles through the pain. The dark stain on the plaid flannel has grown larger- much too large, in fact. Dean’s heart lurches of its own accord.
“Very well, Dean,” Cas says, “I trust you.” His fingers flutter over Dean’s face to brush away the hot, salty tear that rolls down his cheek. Then he’s pushing up and away and Dean is left kneeling, feeling alone in ways he didn’t know he could.
“Yeah…” Dean looks at the ground. “Look, Muller. I’m sorry. I wasn’t ready to hear what you had to say by any stretch of the imagination, but that doesn’t mean I should have said what I did. You, too, Sammy,’ he adds, glancing at his brother. “I’m sorry for being a jerk about Sully.”
We have to stop.” Cas starts to pull away and Dean grabs at him, desperate to be understood. “No, don’t leave, I don’t mean like that. We just- we need to
Dean grabs at Cas, yanking him forward so fast that he stumbles, even on his knees, and lands against Dean’s chest with a surprised exclamation. Dean just ducks his head down, his lips exploring skin until he finds Cas’s mouth and can kiss him again. He tastes like sex, bitter and salty, but Dean doesn’t care.
, but Dean’s not remotely prepared to analyze why.
Dean surges forward to kiss him again, abruptly giddy, almost dizzy, at the fact that he
“Dean!”
“You needed it,” Dean says defensively.
Dean comes back to earth when his back crashes against brick and Cas’s body crashes against his front a moment later. He notices there’s a fire escape across the alley they’re in, yellow light gleaming from the street light out on the corner, and he’s pretty sure he’s glad that all he can smell right now is Cas.
Castiel
“Your life- what?” Dean frowns.
Traveling like this is comfortable and Dean revels in it...until he breaks from his reverie enough to realize Cas’s pace has dropped to a near-crawl, his body and head bowed as if carrying some great weight, and his feet stumbling over even the smallest of obstacles. After that Dean watches and worries in silence, and does his best to keep Cas’s pack lighter than his own.
Their kiss is unexpectedly salty, yet somehow just as sweet in the sober light of day as it had been the night before.
Sam stares at her for a moment before his whole body slumps forward to the table top. “I hate this,” he mutters into his laptop keyboard.
It’s been five hours since election results started coming in, and Dean hasn’t stopped moving.
but it hangs in the air regardless.
Dean shivers, clutching at his shoulders. Something heavy falls over him almost immediately, cocooning him in warmth and the scent of mountain air. He makes a contented sound and starts to relax. Sam’s there, so he’ll be fine. Dean just needs a real nap to gather his strength before he has to face the world alone.
. Despite himself, Dean finds himself believing the ethereal assholes. Miriam had seemed respectful of them, not afraid, and absolutely sure they would release Cas if he asked. She’d also seemed to believe they weren’t particularly smart which is clearly not the case, but other than that, it seems like she’s right. He can’t think of a single other supernatural being with as solid a recommendation as these.
“Whoa there,” Dean pants finally, eyes wide. Cas flips the blade back up his sleeve without a word, then sinks to his knees next to Jack. He takes the boy’s hands in his own and Dean swallows against a painful lump in his throat as he looks away.
Cas has watched over him while he slept more than often enough; now it’s time to return the favor.
Dean hesitates a moment, then wraps an arm around Cas’s shoulders and a leg around his thighs in a tacit request to stay, to be patient. Cas doesn’t respond at first, but then he gradually relaxes. His body moulds against Dean’s again and there’s muscle where he’s used to curves, scruff where he’s used to smooth skin. It feels different and strange, but also
Stray thoughts ping through Dean’s consciousness as his senses are overwhelmed by the taste and feel and scent of
“Hey, knock it off!” Muller’s up in Dean’s face in an instant, the familiar scent of coconut oil filling the air as she glares at him. “You might be a big bad ass hunter now, but that doesn’t mean it’s okay to be cruel to your brother. What’s going on up here?” She taps his temple and Dean flinches away.
The call ends and Dean lets his head fall back on the chairback, staring up at the bunker ceiling.
“Bitch,” he says after a minute, and then it’s Sam’s turn to laugh.
. Jack dumped him on our doorstep a couple days after you went missing. He also told me where to find you.” Dean shakes his head violently, but Sam just keeps going, because of course he does. “Jack told us we had a mess to clean up and then off he went. Dean...I swear that’s really Castiel.”
“Hell no, babe. You really think I know where that boy stashes his porn these days?” She shakes her head. “Name’s Muller,” she says, scooting across the bed to offer her hand. She’s wearing a variety of rings, he notices, and a studded cuff adorns her wrist. “You must be Castiel. Nice to finally meet you.”
Cas puts up a symbolic protest, but Dean digs in his heels and insists. Eventually, Cas admits defeat and climbs into Baby with a shrug that says “I did my best,” more clearly than any words could.
with you, Dean.”
They leave soon after, Dean’s concern for his brother mitigated, for now, by Eileen’s presence.
Cas takes the hint. He licks and kisses, nibbles and nudges. He pauses occasionally to murmur praise against Dean’s skin, the words rippling through English, Enochian, and other languages Dean doesn’t recognize.
—” if Cas keeps that up he’s going to lose it. He can already feel himself tensing up, pressure building too fast.
“No,” Dean says. His throat protests the single syllable as if he hasn’t had a drink in weeks, and he makes a note to retrieve a beer from the mini fridge as soon as he trusts his legs to stand.
He pulls away, then ducks back to kiss the other temple as well.
Dean looks down at the coat in his lap while his mind whirls. Eventually it settles on one thought: He’d been ready to die in a djinn dream, so he really doesn’t have much to lose. He takes a deep breath and looks up.
Dean breaks a chip in half, then in half again, as he watches Cas eat. They’re the wavy kind; he focuses on breaking it down to just one ‘ruffle.’ “So, um-” he says finally, “I didn’t think this through very well.”
“Go to hell.”
Sam nods as he polishes off his toast. “Frightened to death.”
“I know I’m a liability now,” Cas is saying when Dean checks back into the present. “I will find a place to live soon so I’m not putting you in danger. I can—”
“It’s clear you two are soulmates,” she says, as if saying the sky is blue, or the sea is wet.
blew the case.”
Dean had said. It had been almost too real, that dream, stirring up hope Castiel had nearly squashed...but Dean had called it a nightmare.
next to this person he’s been in love with since they met twenty two years before.
Cas and Dean decide to get married during winter break. It’s an easy decision; the sooner it happens, the longer Cas has to prove he’s a permanent fixture in Dean’s life. The short notice also provides natural limitations to the party Charlie has gleefully taken over planning, and gives Cas a convenient excuse not to invite his family. Dean doubts any would have attended anyway, given Cas’s supposed choice in partners.
with his body, with—with his heart, then who the fuck can he trust?
“Yeah, really. It was.a stupid argument to begin with.” Dean reaches up to scratch at his jaw and the movement displaces his coat. Sam only sees the skin beneath for a moment, but that’s all he needs; the mottled marks skirting the base and sides of his brother’s throat tell their own tales.
“I got something,” he confirms. As he gets up to grab his coat, he feels a puzzle piece slide into place in his mind.
“I love you, Castiel,” Dean says shakily, releasing the blue fabric to slide up and cup Cas’s face with work-roughened fingers. “I love you so damn much it hurts.”
So what, then? Hunting, perhaps—but Cas isn’t great at it and there’s still meat in their bags.
“The innkeeper in that town is actually pretty great,” he tells Cas, “and we could share a real bed if you don’t mind walking in the dark for a little while longer. My back could use the break, not going to lie. This getting old thing blows.”
Cas speaks first, breaking composure only once to swear in Russian when he can’t remember what he’s supposed to say next because he lost the paper he’d written his vows on. Then Meg hands him the ring and Bobby’s asking him if he swears to keep his vows till death do you part, and Cas is whispering “I do” like it means the world to him.
Dean expects to see his bedroom ceiling when he opens his eyes, but instead he gets an umbrella of green leaves against a clear blue sky. He can hear birds calling in every direction and water trickling some ways away, but otherwise, it’s eerily silent. Even the distant rush of cars or airplanes is conspicuously absent.
Sam shudders and slumps forward. “Tired,” he mutters into Dean’s shoulder. “Just gonna sleep a little bit, k? Just a little-”
at building a river of sound; with ecstasy in his veins, that guidance is all Dean needs to lose himself completely.
” The walls Dean built so carefully crumble, crash, and fall away instantly. He rounds the table to kneel next to Cas, knotting his hands into his shirt so hard his knuckles pop. “You’re
Electricity jolts through his body to banish each one as it appears, heat boiling out to consume his existence. He can’t tell if it’s Cas losing control of his grace or the raw power of their connection; perhaps it’s both. Perhaps they’re working in harmony to grant Dean the closest thing to ecstasy he’s ever felt while sober. If that’s the case, they deserve a trophy for team work.
Dean turns away. “I thought you stopped believing in that paranormal crap in middle school, Sammy. I don’t know what’s going on, but you need to get yourself together. For Eileen’s sake, if not your own.”
Sam relishes the quiet parts of the morning when he’s done with his run, but it’s still early enough that the other inhabitants of the bunker are sleeping. Well, except Castiel, of course, but he’s hardly a bother at the best of times.  He has a sixth sense for when to make himself scarce doing whatever he does between research and butting heads with Dean.
“Then I’ll teach you to use a shotgun, for fuck’s sake, or you can exorcise the demons and I can fight the crotes. Just
He hems and haws at the mediocre contents of his refrigerator before slapping together a couple of PB&Js, cutting up some peaches he’d forgotten he bought, and dividing up the last of his potato chips. He’s setting plates on the table when Cas emerges from the bedroom wearing Dean’s clothes, scrubbing his hair dry with Dean’s towel, and smelling overwhelmingly of Dean’s shampoo.
, they say to each other, and that’s that.
He takes a drink of beer to help wash the food down, then clears his throat. “What are you getting at?” He asks carefully.
Blue eyes peer at him in blurry confusion. “What do you talk about?”
Dean is confused and hurt, but willing to trust for a little while longer, so he closes his mouth. Cas stares at his face in silence for a count of five, then collects his hand where it fell to the table. He resumes his gentle massage, and Dean feels his alarm begin to fade. Cas isn’t leaving him, so no matter what kind of crazy shit he’s spouting, they’ll be okay.
Abruptly there’s a hand curled into the fabric at his chest and he’s being hauled forward. He smacks his chin and scrapes his knuckles on the rocks, but he doesn’t care. He just lets himself fall against the ledge, allows his head to rest on—
Dean doesn’t remember what Bobby says, is barely aware of the small group of friends and family surrounding them because he can’t stop staring at Cas. Their fingers are tangled in a death grip between them, Cas’s eyes are as clear blue as the sky behind him, and Dean’s never been happier.
Dean moves more carefully now, picking his way with care. There’s no sign of a fucking cave anywhere, but that doesn’t mean one doesn’t exist. Maybe the damn thing is under his feet; the bond might lead to Cas, but that doesn’t mean the path it takes is one he can travel.
,” his husband whispers between kisses, and Dean is shocked at his visceral reaction to the declaration.
Cas. As
“A hotel? Fuck that germ-ridden noise, you’re coming home with me.”
“What the fuck are you talking about,” Dean starts, but Cas lets go of his hand to put a finger on his lips.
Eventually they make it to the bed, falling side by side on the mattress as they continue to kiss and explore. They break apart once they’re horizontal, though Dean keeps his hand firmly on Cas’s chest. He can feel Cas’s heart pounding in there, galloping just as fast as his own, and suddenly it seems ridiculous to keep his feelings inside when Cas already shared his.
goes off inside him, that feeling from before of emotions that are not his own, but this one indescribable. The pressure inside is the only warning he has before two big, square palms are framing his jaw and Cas’s face is right up in his own. “As a brother?” Cas asks, searching his eyes.
He has no idea where he is, or even what time it is. He can’t move, no one’s going to hear him if he screams, and worst of all, Dean probably thinks he changed his mind and ran away.
“People were vanishing, weird lights, the whole nine yards. The last local hunter called us for help before he headed over to check it out, right?” Cas nods immediately and Dean starts to feel better. He falters as he reaches for further details and comes back with little more than fog, however. “Nada past that.”
“What he’s not telling you is that I was
He spends an hour or two tinkering in the garage, but then Cas comes out to tend to the garden. Dean takes the opportunity to mow the lawn, whistling merrily and taking opportune moments to stop and stretch when he knows Cas is watching.
It’s there when Cas dresses like Superman for Charlie’s Halloween party and pretends to rescue rockstar Dean from a Loki-fied Gabriel. It’s all Dean can do to keep his hands to himself when they get home that night, but Cas just strips down and goes to bed like nothing happened.
He chooses to ignore how Dean’s eyes roll to the heavens at the gesture. He’d do the same if positions were flipped and they both know it.
for one god damn man. He remembers Castiel slouched against a couch some years before, blood dripping down his face as he stared up at Dean. He remembers the angel’s voice as he said
Bobby is comfortably congratulatory when they visit that weekend, and Dean wonders exactly how many people in his life have assumed he’s dating Cas in secret. To his disgruntled surprise, Bobby agrees to officiate, but only if they have a real wedding. “Don’t make me knock yer heads together,” he tells them when they protest. “It don’t have to be a big to do, but you should at least invite your brother.”
—There’s a woman sitting cross-legged on Dean’s bed, a magazine spread across her knees. She’s wearing a midriff-baring black tank top under an oddly familiar green jacket, low-slung cargo pants, and what appear to be some kind of military boots. There’s a wicked-looking knife and an open energy drink on the bed next to her.
Dean makes his way to the bigger building regardless. There’s a wooden sign hanging above the door, with a cracked and pitted painting of what he thinks is a bull and a field of flowers. He glances from side to side, but the only figures he can see are far in the distance across the field. Taking a breath, he pulls the door open by the leather strap nailed to one side and steps in.
“You’re dreaming, Dean,” he says, the words rattling off as if they’ve been rehearsed many times before. “The life you’re living isn’t real. The house? Eileen?” He pauses, his eyes drifting toward the kitchen significantly, “you and Cas. None of this is actually happening.”
Dean blinks rapidly, forcing himself to focus on Cas’s face. He’s staring at Dean through the blue-white pall of a fog machine and hundreds of pin lights. His eyes are glassy and a little too wide, pupils blown unnaturally large; his lips are parted, tongue poking out a little as if he’s forgotten what it’s for. He’s bouncing a little, too, his body unconsciously moving with the music around them.
Something warm and overwhelming blossoms in Dean’s chest, pressing outward until his entire body is tingling. His hands twitch, wanting something to hold on to as he jumps into the unknown. “The only bad part about last night was waking up alone this morning.” He tries for casual and misses by an entire continent; his voice cracks mid sentence and his cheeks flush with embarrassment.
Dean rolls his eyes upward as he tugs his face mask off. “We already work together, dumbass. We breathe the same germs all day, so whatever you have, I’ll get eventually. You know it’s true, so get in.”
That’s a spectacular failure; he’s so lost in the sensation of their lips moving against each other that when Cas pulls away to whisper “I’m sorry” in a truly contrite tone, he’s baffled and hurt by the betrayal. Then he remembers that it’s all just a show. Disappointment creeps in to banish the warmth of their embrace and he stumbles backward, desperate for distance.
that Dean buries his face in the bed and screams, his legs shaking with the effort of holding him up.
Dean leans forward a little and those blue eyes widen. Cas’s tongue slips out of his mouth to run over his lips and Dean can’t help but wet his own in response. “Yeah, Cas. Yeah. Me, too.”
Dean is prepping vegetables in the back room when he feels a hand on his shoulder. Touch is so rare these days that he nearly knocks a box of tomatoes off the counter; only quick reflexes save him from the nightmare of retrieving romas from every corner of the freaking universe. He’s ready to chew poor Alfie a new asshole when he turns, but pulls himself short at the sight of blue eyes and a shock of black hair over a “Got Weed?” t-shirt. There’s also a pair of positively sinful jeans, but Dean forcefully opts not to look at those too closely.
“Dude, what’s with the pharmacy...and the arsenal?”
Sam makes a frustrated sound. “I’m not drunk and this isn’t some kind of joke, Dean. You have to believe me. I know this place is...basically every good dream you’ve ever had rolled into one. I get it, I really do, but you have to wake up now. You
He thinks back over the years since they met, thinks of every time he’s realized he cares about the son of a bitch despite all reason or odds. He thinks about the first time he realized he not only cares about Cas, he
in some inexplicable way. They’re almost cuddling, Dean thinks, and that thought feels too good to be real.
Cas’s laugh rumbles through Dean’s entire body. “They did say they get more from joy than pain,” he says as they push themselves to their feet, “and perhaps I am a little more than they bargained for, grace or not. They did go on at length about only helping humans. I thought since I am human now it would make no difference, but...” He waves.
When he finally reaches the fields, he carefully skirts around them to avoid trampling the young plants poking up from the soft soil. It makes the trip longer than he wants, but he’s pretty sure no one there would appreciate their crops being ruined. His decision’s unintended side effect is that he approaches the double row of stone buildings on an actual road.
Dean nods. “A lot. I felt sick to my frigging stomach for no reason, like everything he was feeling was right there, too. He’s—I’ve never had that happen.”
Dean had planned on seducing Cas slowly, to take him apart, bit by bit, until he blows so hard he’s unlikely to forget it no matter how many eons he continues to live. It’s still tempting, but Cas is already panting, muttering something that sounds suspiciously like Enochian beneath his breath. His cock is thick and pink, rising from a nest of dark hair, and there’s a gleam at the tip that shows exactly how worked up Cas is.
“Us?”
“You really- Dean, this could get you in real troubles.”
“I wanted,” Cas interrupts himself with a short chuckle that seems more sarcastic than amused, “No, not that. Nevermind. You said you wanted to bang a few gongs before you go out. Remember saying that before you took off earlier?” There’s a note of accusation there; Dean flinches away from it. “I thought: why not join you? I will always come when you call, and we both know you’re going to, so here I am.”
“I could say the same to you,” Cas replies, his voice so dry it could dehydrate fruit. He puts a ribbon in his book and sets it aside, then turns his full attention on Dean. “How are you feeling?”
Sam’s amusement cuts short immediately after the fairy tale ends, however.
Dean shrugs. “I’ve seen all sorts of shit in my line of work. You learn to work with what comes at you or you get an express ticket to the afterlife, and I’m not a fan of being dead.”
the worst sex, with or without pharmaceutical assistance,” Cas says with utter certainty.
At least she’s a
Sam’s eyebrows twitch together and his lips twist up on one side. Then he shakes his head with a little laugh and starts stacking his research notes on top of his laptop. “I’m going to the library,” he declares. “Maybe the local news archives will have something to explain why this bogeyman went off the rails.”
Cas turns toward the sound of water and starts walking; after one last look around their refuge, Dean follows.
Silence stretches, but then Miriam sits up straight and grabs his hand with hers. “Did you say your Cas was getting tired?”
He takes the wins he can get.
Dean gets Eileen, and Sam lets her take him home, but not before grabbing Dean’s wrist in a vice-like grip and yanking him closer. “Wake up, Dean,” he hisses desperately. “
With a sigh, Sam sucks down the last of his smoothie and snaps his laptop shut. It’s time to tell Dean about the case.
that shivers up and down Castiel’s spine like a palpable touch. He spins in place and finds himself face to face with a pale-haired woman in blue.
The ring slips on Dean’s finger, and he exhales in relief, staring down at the ring with a dazed expression. It feels
The next morning he drops himself into a chair across from Sammy in the library and starts looking for jobs that matter. He’s barely started looking at all when “pie fest” catches his eye. He stares at it, confused by the sudden explosion of noise in his head. He frowns and focuses on the feeling, but then it’s gone like it never happened.
When he stumbles into the kitchen the next morning in a panic because he hit snooze one too many times, the dishes are clean, the blanket is neatly folded, and Cas is gone.
The real world is much colder than the dream Dean had concocted inside his head. It’s particularly so because unlike the last time he’d found himself in a djinn funhouse and had to contrive a way home, this time pretend-Cas had helped him get there (once he understood how Dean had
The silence that falls is so absolute they can hear someone cursing in the diner’s kitchen. Sam squares his shoulders and steeples his fingers in front of him, braced to wait however long he must before one of them breaks. A solid minute passes before angel and hunter both slump against the booth, staring in opposite directions.
It takes a second but Sam tilts his chin up. His face is pale and dirty, but he’s alive, fuck he’s alive. “Pretty sure shooting God’s a one time event, jerk.” he says with a faint smile. Dean lets out a sharp bark of laughter, surprised at the sass despite himself.
Cas turns on his heel and takes off, leaving Dean no choice but to follow him away, through the living room, and down the short hall. He sheds clothes as he goes, tripping and stumbling over his own feet as he tugs off socks and pants and boxers and shirt. He reaches the door to find Cas undoing his fly at the foot of the bed, face tilted up and eyes half-closed as if lost in fantasy.
Cas examines their surroundings curiously, his head and eyes moving minutely to follow every sound he hears. “We don’t appear to be on Earth,” he says eventually. He leans over to peer at the moss on the tree nearest him, running his fingers through it, then raising them to his nose to sniff. “I can hear voices on angel radio, but I assume they cannot hear me without my grace. Their voices and names are strange...in human terms, it would be like tuning into a station from another country. The molecular structure of this vegetation is unlike any I have seen before, as well.”
“You can, and you will, or I swear to God I’m leaving and never coming back. I mean it, Dean.
, before pushing forward to continue their eager embrace. The fingers of one hand wrap into the hair at the back of Cas’s head, the other traces the curves and dips of his face, strokes over his throat and down.
It isn’t until they’re in Dean’s room fumbling with each other’s clothes between frantic kisses that he realizes how very intoxicated they are and that this isn’t what Cas signed up for. Dean tries to be responsible, he really does. But Cas’s arms tighten around his shoulders when he tries to pull away, and his lips are soft and insistent. Then the bastard rolls his hips against Dean’s with a near-pornographic sound of want, and everything Dean’s been feeling for the last three months peaks in a surge of pure need that erases any hope of rational thought.
Cas rolls them forward until Dean’s on his knees, but face down in the bed. He hears the familiar
“My husband Tristan and I,” Violet begins after another long moment of searching the angel’s face, “we let Xavier play with the kids next door a lot. They’re about his age –five and seven—and they all get along, so it’s nice for them to run and play. They’re always running between our house and theirs.”
Cas says nothing, does nothing, save reach for another label. A muscle spasms in his jaw and his shoulders square up a little more than necessary for his task, however, and Sam knows it's just a matter of time before he gets an answer.
“We do not believe it would be good for him to see you,” the original speaker continues. “We fear he will die if his essence fractures any further. Speak, human. Tell us why we should risk his life this way.”
“Breakfast yesterday,” Cas supplies helpfully. “Unless you count a twelve pack of beer as a meal. I do not.”
It’s way too early for Cas to be awake. Even on a good day it’s a challenge to drag the grumpy Russian out of bed before ten, and they were out far later than usual the night before. “Fuck,” Dean repeats, this time with such force that his hungover brain protests the noise.
He thinks about whether he’s ever actually said
“Out of my
“Too much of a scared jackass to try,” Dean says between light kisses to soft skin, his nose nudging the shirt upward. “I can’t face this fight without you, Cas. Better to die wanting what I can’t have than lose what I’ve already got, so I just...kept on.”
By the time Dean recovers from the rush of relief at hearing words he can actually understand, a woman a full head and shoulders shorter than he appears in the door. She’s wearing a dark gray dress tied about the waist with a long piece of lighter fabric, and a white cap that shrouds her head so he can’t see her hair, ears, or neck.  There’s a dusting of flour on her dress and smears of something dark on her apron.
No valid reason to shoot the witch comes to light before she answers the door, so Dean slinks in after Sam, practically shoulder-checking Cas out of the way as they enter the house. Cas huffs irritably and Dean jerks his chin up, expecting some smartass comment that never arrives.
There’s a reception to attend so they’re forced to separate eventually. After they’ve eaten lunch, cut the cake, and had their first dance, Bobby appears next to Cas and Dean. He has their marriage certificate in one hand and a pen in the other. “I’m glad to see you two got your shit together,” he comments as he hands both to Dean. “I wasn’t looking forward to watching that trainwreck.”
“I wasn’t that drunk,” Dean retorts, though he knows he really, really was. “I did my homework, Cas. We do this and that’s it. You can stay.”
.” Dean pivots to stare at him, and the two start laughing. Castiel is perplexed, but they seem so amused he can’t help but break into a small smile of his own for their sake, if nothing else.
Cas clears his throat and turns to pay for the jewelry. When he’s done they put the rings away and Dean is actually relieved to see them go. It had felt strange to put the ring on himself...and that makes no sense at all. There is nothing attached to the accessory beyond a practical need to keep Cas in America.
Cas can’t help the broad smile that crosses his face. “Definitely.”
“Balthazar and I fought,” Cas says, his dull tone at odds with the tense breadth of his shoulders. “He says I can have him, or I can have my job, but not both. He tried to frame it as concern for his health, but I believe he feels I spend too much time here.”
He senses movement behind him before he can take her hand or respond.
“I tried,” he whispers at the ceiling. “Cas, I tried.”
Cas’s head rolls back and forth between Dean’s hands and Dean feels him begin to hum, a stupid, gummy smile the likes of which Dean has never seen before spreading across his face. They’re drifting closer, ever closer, and Dean’s in no state to stop it.
When he comes out to survey his dinner possibilities, Cas is leaning against his kitchen sink.
Sam sucks in a deep breath around a silent
Food successfully diverts Dean from his defensive curiosity; Cas watches with amusement as he loads up on eggs, bacon, pancakes, a biscuit and coffee, apparently unaware of the suggestive gestures and amused faces Eileen is making behind his back.
“Only in cheesy novels and B-grade TV,” he says flippantly. Then he reluctantly continues, “yes, soulmates exist but they’re not...like that.” Not like the certainty he has that Cas is alone, sad, and afraid. Not like the tether tugging at him, yanking him toward where Cas has to be. “When soulmates die in my world, they share a place in the eternal Hotel California, if you catch my drift. That’s really the long and short of it.”
None of that matters because Cas’s right hand is on his shoulder and his left is cupping his jaw and they’re- oh fuck they’re- Cas’s lips deserve an entire book of revelation on their own. He kisses Dean like he’s fucking dying; he’s demanding and forceful and needy, unpracticed, yet so sinfully
The connection vibrates; Dean casts a speculative glance at the sun and keeps walking.
” Grace crackles in subsonic waves beneath the question. Every hair on Dean’s body stands on end and he jerks his chin up, ready to fight. His aggression falls apart when their eyes meet, however. Sure, Cas is clearly done playing games, but there is no judgment or spite lurking behind his frustration. All the angel is giving him is
“Anything. Fucking anything,” Dean gasps, and maybe he should think about that a little more, but this is Cas, this is an
“Oh, honey,” Miriam visibly argues with herself for a moment before continuing, “does he know you love him, Dean?”
” like the name is his only life line to sanity.
Dean shrugs, leaning down to kiss the hip bone peaking out between Cas’s shirt and pants. “No.”
“Tell me it will be okay,” Dean says, and by his tone he could mean the election or their relationship; possibly both. Cas meets Dean’s gaze and amends his assessment.
Both Castiel and Dean give him eerily similar raised eyebrows.
He pulls away slowly, his teeth catching on Cas’s lower lip and tugging gently until it falls free and his mouth is left feeling desperately empty. Cas’s eyes roll up and his face goes slack at the same time as the lightbulb in the desk lamp makes a distinct
Cas cries out and throws his head back at the first touch, then falls into a gasping, moaning garble that Dean can only understand a little of. Most of it is his name and some variant of
“What’s going on with the election?” Dean asks once he’s settled at the table.
Cas arches into his touch, emitting a low growl that resonates somewhere inside Dean’s soul. The movement pushes them even closer together, presenting unignorable evidence that angels are not, in fact, ‘junkless.’ It’s the hottest thing Dean’s ever felt and he wants more; he rocks his hips upward once, twice—and reality sets in like a cold shower.
“Bullshit,” Sam says again.
Miriam hesitates, but ultimately tucks the coins away.
He eventually finds Cas hunched over the firepit in their shitty patch of a backyard, pushing dirt and ash around with one boot-clad foot. To an outsider he might have seemed vaguely pensive, but Dean can tell he’s a mess of raw nerves and frustration.
“Please tell me this isn’t a dream,” Dean begs, his breath warm on Castiel’s face. “Please, I can’t do this again.”
“They’re related to Zanna—so who’s likely to know something about what makes them tick?”
“What, you think I
“Something’s different,” she observes. “You two were ridiculous before, but you’ve hit all new levels of sappy today.”
“It doesn’t happen often,” Miriam says softly, “but it is a risk we all take when we feel that bond forming. All we can do is trust. Trust that our mate feels the same and trust that they will tell us.”
“I don’t need—” Dean lifts both eyebrows and Cas cuts himself off. “You don’t have to,” Cas amends.
“Nothing. My
Cas’s smile gets wide like the Cheshire cat and a second later he’s dropping to his knees on the pavement and opening Dean’s pants with the same precise care he does anything. His intent is obvious now and holy shit this is an absolutely fantastic fucking idea, why haven’t they done this before, anyway?
“That seems extreme.”
“Hm.” Miriam pats his forearm. “You need to find him, Dean. If he was that tired last night he’ll pass completely in two days. Possibly sooner, though I think he’s safe for today.”
Cas takes it without complaint, reaching up to wrap his arms around Dean’s hips and hold him in place, his throat working as he swallows again and again around Dean’s cock.Then he pulls away, gently guiding him down until they’re facing each other on the dirty pavement in no-name back street America.
, he reminds himself.
“What about you?” Dean asks, waving at the table. “What do I owe you?”
Dean is similarly attired, he realizes, though his shirt...vest...tunic...thing...has heavy studs through the quilting at regular intervals, and his arms are loosely bound from wrist to elbow to keep his sleeves out of the way.
More importantly, he isn’t alone.
He tries to outrun it, tries to make it stop, tries to
fuck.
“I’m not—” Dean’s throat is too thick to properly form words, his mind too busy with the sensation of Cas’s body against his own to process anything else. “Whatever,” he concedes, helpless to object any further just then. He can’t get enough of Cas’s skin beneath his hands, the burn of stubble against his fingers, the faint pulse of blood flow beneath his palms. His own heart is pounding a mile a minute, hitching every time Cas’s breath mists against his skin.
Dean does not feel. “Texas can get fucked.”
“Violet,” Cas’s voice is unbearably gentle. Dean hasn’t heard that tone out of him in months—years even, maybe. The last time that stands out to him, Cas was wearing a cowboy hat and quoting Tombstone. That thought brings back a more recent memory, one that still stings.
Dean leans down to kiss Cas on the lips, then slides down a little further, littering his throat and shoulders and chest with kisses, licks, and little bites. He bends his body down to wrap his lips around a small pink nipple and Cas groans in response, his hips pushing upward insistently. There’s little relief to be found that way, however, and Cas actually growls, his hands grabbing at Dean’s ass so hard there will likely be bruises in the morning.
He migrates to a bar near the motel and settles at a corner table. He texts the address to Dean and Cas, then settles down with his laptop once more. He starts to get worried when an hour or two passes without a blip, but before he can take off to find his brother, Dean finds him.
Cas’s fingers cover Dean’s. He tries to pull away, but the angel's grip tightens, pinning him in place. Suddenly Dean is drowning in stormy seas and lightning, every hair on his body struggling to stand on end. “You didn’t pull the trigger.”
zig-zagging in garish yellow against the red paint. As normal as the house had been, Dean still half-expects a bat to fly out at him or a hex bag to fall on his head when he opens the door, but it turns out the place is full of mundane stuff, like any other suburban storage area: old furniture, boxes of outgrown toys, lawn furniture, a Christmas tree.
“You can just say ‘I told you so.’ I believe it is warranted.” Cas’s sardonic half-smile could and has flattened an entire cheerleading squad; Dean doesn’t stand a chance against that kind of weaponry.
Dean looks down at his bowl, his cheeks burning hotter the more he thinks about the question.
Dean’s never slept like this with anyone in his life—and that’s including Lisa, whom he’d nearly married as an overly-excitable nineteen year old. It’s unusual, even alien, and yet some part of him is screaming
“I wasn’t ready,” Cas says, his voice gravelly and broken, “I needed to—pretend—for a little while longer.”
After contemplating the problem in silence for another few minutes, Sam settles one shoulder against the end of a bookcase, crosses his arms, and says what needs to be said. “What the hell happened between you and Dean?”
“Bonjour,” Balthazar says in that stuffy accent of his. “I'm here to steal Cassie from your tender ministrations."
“No wonder all those Renaissance artists were so damn horny all the time,” he comments before he can convince himself not to, running the back of his crooked finger over Cas’s jawline. “I’m surprised they could keep it in their pants long enough to paint or sculpt or whatever with all you heavenly fucks wandering around to distract them.”
“Don’t play dumb, Dean. You don’t really know where he is, do you?”
It takes them a long time to get back to town, but neither of them have any complaints about the cause of their delays.
Cleanup involves a quick trip to grab the throw blanket from the living room and a towel from the bathroom, and then Dean is once again resting with his face against Cas’s chest, only this time they’re both naked and sweaty and sated, sleep dragging them both relentlessly down.
On the page, two buff men are lip-locked against a classic car. One is wearing a fluffy halo, the other a cowboy hat. Castiel chooses to skip over the details. “That’s...Dean’s?”
Famine had been another desperate attempt to get Sammy back, another glaring failure on a list of similar misadventures, but for once the memory doesn’t even twinge. Dean is far too focused on making sure Cas knows what’s going on.
“You and Cas need to talk,” Sam’s voice is soft, but unyielding, “and I need to be literally anywhere else while you do.”
Right.
“I would,” he says stubbornly, and oh no, he forgot that ecstasy makes him
“You got anything?” Sammy asks. Then, when Dean doesn’t respond immediately, prompts again: “Dean?”
For some reason, that thought rouses Dean. He scowls and kicks a zombie away, catches another upside the head, snaps another's frail arm with a twist of his hand, then sends it flying back against its fellows. “You sick, sadistic son of a
Dean’s mind goes on a little detour through the dark promise of that simple statement. Him bent over Baby’s hood with Cas behind him, both bathed in moonlight. Him pushing Cas onto a bed in some abandoned house before they’ve even had a chance to wipe the Crote crud off. Cas’s hand over his mouth in the panic room because if he makes a sound, Bobby will kick both their asses straight through the Apocalypse and into the next century. More, an endless stream of scenes and thoughts. They’re utterly filthy, all of them, the deepest depths of his dirtiest fantasies, yet suddenly they no longer seem so impossible.
where they should be. “What the fuck happened last night?” Dean hisses. “Where are we?”
Dean nods, then forces himself to sit up and adds somewhat incoherently, “depends, are you trying to sacrifice yourself again?”
“Okay I can get being angry or something, but afraid?” Dean frowns, his sluggish brain refusing to make sense of the situation. “You don’t seriously think I would-”
Static sparks trail behind his touch, and each faint light brings with it a little hope.
He almost adds that soulmates are usually some straight-up romance bullshit so clearly he and Cas can’t be that, but something stops him short.
His words hang in the air as Dean considers how to respond to such an utterly laughable speech. “You’re cut off for the night, big boy,” he says finally, pushing himself to his feet. “I’m gonna get Eileen, and you’re going to go home and get some sleep. Don’t trip on your way up the stairs though.”
Cas repeats the statement for Eileen’s benefit, and she sighs. “Me too,” she says.
He’s clearly trying to joke, trying to make a serious situation less frightening with sass, but the phrasing barrels out of history (or is it the future?) and punches Dean in the chest like a freight train.
. The bags themselves are much heavier than Dean is used to carrying these days. Cas makes no complaint, so Dean feels compelled to do the same.
“Are you sure?” Castiel asks in a sub-arctic tone. “I wouldn’t want to continue a nightmare.”
Cas’s head tilts, his eyes narrowing. “Heaven eyes?” He asks, seeming genuinely confused.
“It’s really great to meet you, Muller. We want to—”
Anya pulls the spoon from her sundae. A bit of ice cream curls from the tip of the spoon and she stares at it for a moment before she looks at her mom, lower lip pulling in tight against her teeth. Both women give her an encouraging nod, so Anya looks first at Sam and Castiel across from her, then Dean sitting next to her.
“I thought you would have regrets.”
“You’re just as fucked up as I am.” Dean laughs, giddy and high as he reaches for Cas once more. He gets him by the chin, turns his head back and forth to examine the goosebumps pebbling his skin where they touch and how his hair curls and sticks in the sheen of sweat that matches Dean’s own.
Dean gets up somehow, of course. He gets up, and he leaves that hellhole that still stinks of Death and Empty, and he goes to find Sammy.
The holes in his thoughts, the spaces he couldn’t explain but had assumed existed because heaven was simply
“Why?”
Warmth travels through Dean’s body in waves, however, sparking every ecstatic nerve higher until he’s suddenly afraid he might come in his pants like a teenager from—
“I believe,” Sam answers with a certain amount of relief, pushing his laptop back so they can both clearly see the screen, “it’s a bogeyman.”
, “Stay with me, Cas. Don’t go, please. I’m sorry.”
“I couldn’t heal him fully,” Cas says. He sounds resigned. It occurs to Dean that this is far from the only time Cas's powers have been less than effective in recent months. It's hard to say whether it's Chuck's doing or Heaven's dwindling power, but at the moment he doesn't care. Regardless of the why, Cas is hurting and he hates it. “Sam will be very tired. You should get to the Bunker.” Cas turns toward Jack like that’s the end of it, and Dean’s heart stops.
Cas opens the envelope and scans the top page with one brow slightly lifted. “Wait- this is-” he sets the pile down and stares at Dean with narrowed eyes, his head tilted slightly to the side. “What is this?” He repeats, though it’s clear he already knows the answer.
Sam remembers profound bonds and suicide runs. He remembers Cas coming back to Dean again and again no matter the cost, no matter the reason. He remembers that Cas fought through all of hell for one man, gave up an army for one man, broke angelic conditioning for one man, came back from the
“He does not believe you care,” the fey says. “His pain consumes him.”
“What the hell! Wait, is that why...” Dean rubs his forehead with two fingers, eyes rolling up in brief exasperation. “You thought I was with Lisa in that dream, and I was upset you took me away from her?”
, true and immeasurably deep, and there’s no way Dean deserves all that, there’s just no way.
The place is a mess, for starters. Dean’s tired all the time now, it feels like, and since the only person who’s visited him since January is his kid brother (who never comes inside anyways), he hasn’t seen much need to keep the place spick and span. There are dishes in the sink and a used pot on the stove, and there’s random crap stacked on every available surface he can see, including the floor. There’s even a pair of boxers hanging off the back of a chair that have been there at least a week.
, he thinks dreamily, and it isn’t until there’s one particularly bright flash and a crash like blades in conflict that it occurs to him that perhaps Jack is actually fighting up there. He doesn’t dare think about
He opens his mouth to comment, but Cas pulls away before he can speak. “Be careful, Dean,” he says, looking anywhere but at Dean’s face as he gets back to his feet.
“Yeah, well. She tried to push me around about- about some things she thought she knew about me.  And then she talked shit about Dad. I was seventeen anyway, I should have—” Dean freezes as his mind catches up with his mouth. “
look like on my freaking brother.”
They stare at each other in the half-lit silence of the tiny kitchen for a few awkward minutes, and Dean thinks of all the things he wants to say—all the things he’s
Why the fuck would Cas choose to do that on his own, though? Why would he leave Dean alone and defenseless in a strange world?
“Give me strength,” Sam whispers under his breath.
The shed—a barn, really, in the back of the sizeable yard— is wrapped in layers of tape.
Violet nods slowly, chin wobbling. “Yes. You’re hunters, I—I know. I just…” Her eyes track to the side and Dean follows them. A tall mirror with a crack down the side rests against the wall across from them.
The bottom drops out of Dean’s stomach as he considers how that conversation might go. “No! I- I can’t. Sammy, I
“Oh my God, Dean.” Sam pinches the bridge of his nose and Castiel can hear him counting slowly. When he reaches five, the younger Winchester straightens, pulling calm around him like a cloak. “Anyway. Sully is
She trails off, dabbing her eyes with a crumpled Kleenex that looks far from sanitary. Sam starts fishing for a handkerchief, but it’s Castiel who offers Violet a clean tissue from the well-used box on the table. She takes it with a brief nod.
It’s now or never, Dean knows that, but the plain truth is too big, too scary, to just say outright, so he hedges a little at first. “When humans want something really bad...they lie,” he says.
before they even arrive. “Witches,” he says, scrubbing his hand down his face, “why is it always witches?”
When Dean and Cas enter, Sam barely looks up from the screen, but Eileen straightens and takes a drink from her beer with a no-nonsense look in her eye.
“About time,” is all she says, after giving them both a very thorough once over.
“Dean,” Cas says when he realizes how long he slept. His voice is tight.
He chuckles at the thought. This ain’t quite it, but someday, maybe, if he knows the end is coming, he could go out like this and it wouldn’t be so bad. The only way it could be more perfect is if—
Sam doesn’t respond immediately. He has an odd expression on his face, actually, as if he’s doing mental arithmetic. “Muller and Sully,” ‘he says finally, apropos of nothing as far as Castiel can tell. “Dean, our Zanna were named
Somewhere along the way he gets distracted by warmth. At first it’s just in Dean: an odd spark where there shouldn’t be, growing a little stronger the more Castiel examines it. Then he feels an answering flicker inside his own vessel.
“Can you tell us anything else about him?” Castiel urges, hopefully.
Dean doesn’t say anything about it, but Cas doesn’t expect him to. Dean is rarely one for words in such situations, but his body speaks volumes enough for an angel to read. He carries less tension in his frame when they leave the garage than he did before they entered it, and that’s all Cas needs.
looking Dean in the face. “It’s important.”
“I—” Cas pauses, eyebrows pulling together as he visibly sorts through his memories. “I don’t remember,” he says, then runs his tongue over his lower lip. “We were going to Ohio, I think.”
Their faces are an inch apart, hovering in that liminal space between action and inaction, when he finally gets his shit together enough to say something.
Dean leans over his shoulder to read the letter from USCIS and the accompanying certificate of citizenship. “I suppose this means we can get a divorce now,” Dean says in a teasing tone, biting at Cas’s ear.
“I’d rather not-” Dean starts. Then he pauses, eyes drifting to where Cas is standing with one hip against the bar. He can’t exactly keep this a secret if he wants Cas to have an ice cube’s chance in hell of staying. He’s gone this far, he might as well take the leap.
“Dean.”
He tries to outrun it, tries to make it stop, tries to
“-Could you explain to us what you think happened?”
he needs some damn peace and quiet. Comparatively, anyway.
“Yeah, start of term ain’t exactly my favorite time either, but you don’t usually take it this badly, buddy.”
Dean opens his mouth to object, but Cas shakes his head with a smile. Besides, the music drops again and he gets to watch Cas’s body swaying in time as he rides the waves, and that’s infinitely better than arguing about why Cas is there at all.
“You know me too well,” Dean shoots back, and they share a chuckle that quickly fades beneath the weight of everything else still to be discussed.
He realizes how completely, irrevocably,
wanted to say—to Castiel Novak. There’s a lot, and he doesn’t know where to begin, so he starts with the safe, but inane. “I told Crowley you have food poisoning.”
Cas fishes in his pocket and tosses his phone on the counter. The screen is shattered, the case torn up and broken; Dean’s not sure he’s seen a device that destroyed since Dad took a sledgehammer to his Razr in the early aughts.
The angel’s brows draw together and he turns toward the door, but there’s nothing there. He opens it and glances around, finding only sidewalk and a few cars in an otherwise empty parking lot. For the second time that day, Castiel shakes his angel blade into his hand, though he keeps it in his sleeve for now. That voice had sounded too young to be out this late.
Sammy would have a field day with this shit.
“So you’re the equivalent of a fork in their existential microwave?” Dean teases. He kisses Cas’s cheek.
“Holy
When Castiel awakes, the first thing he notices is that he’s been moved. There’s just enough light for him to see he’s surrounded by shelving in what he guesses is a larger warehouse. He’s also alone (or hopes he is), and he’s strung up by his wrists, toes touching the floor just enough to give him the illusion of stability. It’s an uncomfortable, but impermanent situation; Castiel rolls his eyes and shoves his grace through the cuffs holding him upright.
“No. Dammit, no! You just told Sam you love me. What the hell does that even mean?”
Cas’s mouth slides down to suck at his collarbone. his stubble and lips are in sharp contrast to one another and the combination is waging total assault on every last one of Dean’s fraying senses. Cas’s hands circle his hips, push aside his jacket and flannel, tug his T-shirt out of his pants and start fumbling at his belt.
He pauses with one foot on the doorstep when he gets there, however, his eyes caught on a shadow cast by moonlight through the trees in the field beyond. Long and black, spread across the field like—like—
Sam scrolls one-handed, rolling his eyes in the quiet of the war room as he passes some of the laughable results. There’s a couple claiming the wife’s ex-boyfriend’s ghost impregnated her while she slept; of course, there’s no mention of the handsome neighbor patting her shoulder in the interview. Then there’s a man claiming the President is a vampire (with that skin tone, though? Even the most off-base legends wouldn’t allow for that). There’s even a group of college kids with blown pupils and Ganja for Life T-shirts claiming they saw some fairies.
“We are real, Dean, but this
“Never do that again,” Dean says groggily.
“It isn’t school,” Cas says. His accent is heavier than usual, the words bound up with frustration and anger. “I met Crowley on the way out of Professor Shurley’s office this morning and he chose to remind me that my life ends in August. I took it poorly.”
Then he’s left alone with the comfortable sound of the shower in his ears and the distinctly uncomfortable reality of his apartment in his face. It’s not like Cas hasn’t seen it exactly as it is a thousand times before, but this time is just plain different since he’ll be staying a while.
can’t
His skull feels like it’s made of Jello, but he dresses anyway, grumbling irritably as he jams his feet into his boots. Cas took his coat, he notes, but left his scarf and gloves on the shelf by the door. Dean almost leaves them behind—let the son of a bitch freeze, it was his own stupid decision to waltz out in a snowstorm—but snags them at the last minute as he’s heading out the door.
He grabs Cas’s jaw, forcing him to look at Dean with strength he did not want to use. “This is like that, Cas. What you’re feeling isn’t real. You’ll- you’ll come down in a few hours and—”
. Dean smiles at the invitation and lifts his chin to press kisses along his lover’s jaw.
Castiel takes the lead, pointedly ignoring the curious glances directed at them. He’s grateful when he can slide into Baby and slump against the back seat. He’s not tired—he can’t
They get something out of it that this woman is unaware of, Dean is certain. Supernatural critters don’t just do stuff like that out of the goodness of their hearts. Perhaps they feed off the pain, but if that were the case, then why would they simply let their prey go?
Dean knows Cas is stuck in the Empty; he knows a single human in heaven isn’t going to change that cosmic consequence, or it would have been changed already. That doesn’t mean he isn’t going to try. He’ll try every damn day for the rest of eternity if that’s what it takes. It’s not like he hasn’t fought God before. If he fights hard enough, maybe everyone will get tired of him and chuck him into the Empty as well, where he and Cas could at least share the same space.
that slams into him is unfathomable. Blue eyes and brown hair and a dirty trench coast. Blood in his teeth and the burn of grace, gentle hands pulling him up, arms wrapped around his shoulders a little too tightly. Tears falling, words spoken with utter sincerity and the absolute anguish of knowing they would be the last they shared. Everything light and good shining from Cas's eyes, only to be swallowed by ink and malice moments later.
Cas is very still suddenly, his back presented to them like a wall or a shield. "What do you want, Dean?"
He has known of Dean’s love for years, so that part is no surprise. It had been a tentative light at first, but gained strength and warmth over the years until it shone through even their bleakest moment. It was there, always, a beacon Cas could feel across galaxies if need be, but he had never thought to hear the words spoken out loud. Dean simply wasn’t the sort, or so he had told himself.
“Coffee first,” Cas says. “Please.”
He’s confused and hopeless and hurting, so much so that Cas gives into impulse and reaches for him, his fingers brushing over Dean’s face with a familiarity he hasn’t allowed himself to express since before Mary’s death. It’s a risk, of course; if he judges Dean’s mood incorrectly, this could end very poorly indeed.
That seems like a perfectly reasonable compromise to Dean.
His fear and shame escapes in tears, salt trails burning down his cheeks. Cas wipes them away, kisses the corners of his eyes, murmurs a soft benediction to the crows feet that have taken permanent residence there.  He’s gentle, overwhelmingly so, every touch bearing the weight of outright worship. It’s hard to believe a being that can lift anvils and break fists with his face can be so soft...but then again, behind every touch there’s a hint of thunder, so perhaps it isn’t such a stretch after all.
Static shivers from the angel’s head to his feet and the alarm clock gives an annoyed
Whatever is out there doesn’t come any nearer, thankfully. Dean stands, stretches, then walks over to where Cas is lying cocooned in blue wool, his face vulnerable in slumber. Dean crouches to tuck a fold of fabric more securely around Cas’s shoulders. He squats there watching Cas breathe until his thighs cramp; then he stumbles back to the boulder to settle down with a sigh.
