Though there’s always a consistent ache, the constant burn all over his body is manageable compared to what it was earlier, so Dean sits up, letting himself simply plant his feet on the ground as he steels himself through the wave of light-headedness. He’s still a bit shaky, but he’s been in this damn bed for far too long.
. I just have a lot of unanswered questions.” Dean doesn’t mention that he can’t stop wondering why the Desert Angel took so much care of him while blatantly avoiding everyone else.
There’s silence, and Dean becomes acutely aware that not only can he not witness any nonverbal communication between them, but that the conversation is about
Sam explains, and Dean’s up in two seconds flat, car keys in hand.
What was Dean thinking, allowing himself to be so vulnerable and open with Castiel? There was no way he would propose such a thing if he knew Castiel was the town Sheriff…
Grin creeping wide across his face, Dean finished his own drink and left a handful of coins on the bar top. He gestured for Castiel to follow with a tilt of his head; even if the crowd was thick with drunken patrons, Castiel followed Dean with the ease a sunflower follows the sun. When Dean glanced over his shoulder to check if Castiel was still there, something foreign fluttered in Castiel’s gut.
Since Cas is working with Roscosmos, he’ll be spending most of his time on the Russian side of the space station when not in the communal spaces; however, because Benny was originally scheduled to go up with Dean and there’s only two sleeping stations in Zvezda (which are currently occupied by Meg and Crowley), Cas has been relocated to Harmony… in the sleep station directly across from Dean.
“This coffee is terrible,” I informed him, putting my mug down.
“Cass, you know that’s not true,” I ground out, annoyed.
“You have said that before, so I thought… I thought I might take you up on it.”
And at the end of it all, I couldn’t help but wonder how the hell Cass had known enough to pick out each of those songs.  Sure, Metatron had braindumped him with a bunch of pop culture references, but there was a depth to his choices.  It was obvious he was mostly trying to choose songs he thought that I would like, with rockers like Suzi Quatro and Heart.  But then there was Joni Mitchell, which was just so
You can listen to the referenced songs on
“You don’t think it’s just a little bit insulting to be called ‘Other’?”
“Is it really douchier than listening to old cassette tapes?” Cass asked.
, or a combination of all three.
“Me?”
I clenched my jaw.  “We do not talk about the triplets.”
I started choking.
Cass’s gaze was wary.
The next hour passed very pleasantly with me and Junior belting out classic rock while Sam pretended that he hated it.
“We were not talking about our feelings,” I said, offended.
“Nothing to thank me for,” I said, settling on Kansas.  I set the needle, and
“Well I only have the one,” he said.  “But I treasure it.”
“Thanks,” Dean said, letting their fingers brush over the mug before finally picking it up and taking a drink.  His nose wrinkled, and he immediately put the mug down.  “Cass, how do you mess up coffee?”
“Mellie Hanscom,” Cas explained.
They actually started booing me.
“So let’s be near each other,” I said, still rubbing along his skin.
Dean’s expression was still bordering on hateful, but there was something almost hopeful in his eyes.  “You get what I’m saying, right?” he asked, his voice tight.
“It’s fine, Cass,” I said, reaching over and pulling out the tape.  This time I shut the glove box properly.
“Okay, good talk,” I said, opening my eyes and looking anywhere but at the little image of Sam that the phone was projecting.
I tried to speak but failed to come up with any words.
I doubled over laughing.
Cass exhaled a little laugh, turning to look out the window again.  He started singing quietly to the chorus, “who knows?  Not me.  We never lost control.  You’re face to face with the man who sold the world
“Ughh, Winchesters are the worst.”
I didn’t receive a reply, though Dean suddenly let out a bark of laughter.
“It is too dark to even see the shuttlecock, so what is the purpose of this?” Cass mused.
I was offended.
I unwrapped my burger and took a big bite.  I chewed thoughtfully.  There was something… different…  I looked at Sam in horror as a flash lit up the backseat.  My eyes shifted to Junior, who was looking pointedly forward as the car pulled out from the rest stop.  “Dean Junior.”
“I don’t understand any of these relationships…” I said.
“What does that mean?” Sam asked.
“What?” he groaned.
“Night,” Sam echoed.
I unwrapped it and took a big bite, only to see that damn flash in my face again.  “You motherfucker,” I said, throwing the tofu burger at Sam’s head and sticking the landing.
feel.  But you’ve never…  You don’t know how to exist for yourself.  Everything you do is always for other people.”  He leaned in, catching my face in his hands and cradling it like it was precious.
“Dr. Sexy is not a chick flick!” I protested.
And then a demon
While Claire and I stood there arguing, everyone else climbed into the monstrosity, with Junior and Sam in the front and the angel in the back.
“Way to go, Deany,” I said, holding my beer bottle up to him in a salute.
Cass was openly weeping now, one hand clinging to mine, the other clinging to my shirt.
“He’s not a clown,” he replied, aghast.
“But you’re really okay?”
“Come on, man, don’t make this a whole thing,” I said, rolling my tired eyes.
“Yes, well, he’s family, so sometimes I feel obligated,” Cass agreed, “but if you both prayed to me at the same time, I would definitely ignore him and answer you.”
“And also something that the Winchester brothers apparently do,” Cass contributed helpfully.
There was a little whoosh, and then we were in the guest room.
“Yeah?” I asked, trailing a finger along the back of his hand.
“Can you at least pretend to be into this?”
I was thinking about what I’d done.  After I told Cass that he was my person.  That strange, impulsive action that I couldn’t stop thinking about.
“I’m making it about my feelings.”
“You’re still a good boy.”
Sam just gave me a long look.
“Hello, Sam,” he returned the greeting.  “Dean.  John Winchester.”
“Yeah,” I said, trying to keep my expression as non-offensive as possible.  “You two are good for each other.”
“Well,” he said, and I could see the little gears in his head turning, “my home is where you are.”
He picked it up from where it bounced onto his lap and ate it.
“I can teleport there,” Cass said, looking like some kicked puppy.
“Why?” I asked before I could help it.
The air knocked out of me momentarily before I remembered that I didn’t actually have lungs, and then I was struggling to keep my face away from his whipped cream-covered hand, holding his forearm desperately with both hands.
Cass shrugged, playing it off like he was just making an observation.  Like he didn’t know exactly what to say to make me laugh.  “I might like chick better than dick,” he decided.
I wondered if I just didn’t respond if we could drop the whole subject.
“It’s not the same,” he said, shaking his head.
“Cass, don’t get all sappy on me,” I grumbled.  “I thought you were starting to develop pretty good taste in music.”
“I…” he trailed off, eyes searching mine.
“He’s very good,” Cass said with a proud smile.  “If only he could free himself of his human form and speak through his light.”
“It was not successful,” Cass agreed.  “You know, now that I think of it, memory loss is also one of the side effects of the ritual.”
I found myself sliding my arm around the back of Cass’s chair.  “So what’s new with you, Charlie?”
“So about your best friend Cass…”
“Don’t read anything into that!”
The car was suddenly very quiet.
“On the floor,” he said, nodding his head towards Cass’s bag.
“Really, Charlie?” I asked, continuing to look at her like she was crazy.  “You’re the one who said it was great if me and Cass are best friends.”
She snorted.  “How the fuck old do you think I am?”
I wasn’t sure why, but that made my heart
Eileen fucking won again.
“Uh, does there need to be a special reason to watch the greatest movie trilogy of all time?”
Dean spun around to stare me down, trying to murder me with his eyes.
“They are truly fascinating creatures,” he mused.
“You’re too good to be bad.”
I looked away.
We all got into the lame mobile and drove back to Lebanon.
“No, our tones are significantly different.”
Was it what I wanted?  Or was it what I thought he wanted?
I shut off the engine.
“Okay, but you don’t have to answer it so damn specifically,” Dean ground out.
“Feminism’s,” he said, which got him cheers and pats on the back.
“Ha,” Sam said.
I sighed in defeat.  “Fine.  Girls rule and boys drool.  Everyone happy now?”
What followed was the most vicious game of badminton ever played in heaven.
“I was a mess after you died.”
“Oh, yeah, sure, okay.”
His expression softened right away.  “How are you?” he asked casually, like he didn’t have me pinned to a bed.
I realized I knew very little about Sam’s life after I died.  I knew that he took a huge step away from hunting and had gotten a day job as a dorky mythology professor, helping hunters more with research than actual hunting.  He’d told me that he hadn’t really raised Junior in the life, just taught him enough to stay safe, which made me wonder.  “So you and Junior got into a lot of angel hijinks?”
“I dunno,” I mumbled, thinking about the familiar feel of his hand, warm against the back of my neck, about the way his nose crinkled when he really smiled, about the weight of his body, pinning me to the mattress, and okay, “…there’s…
Or was that still me holding myself back?
“Okay, nerd.”
I slow blinked.  “I’m sorry, what?”
“Air Supply?” Cass said, appearing in front of me with a raised eyebrow.
“Yes.  You are the original.  He is the Other Dean.”
“Family doesn’t intrude,” Sam said before I could.
I slung my arm around his shoulder and drank my beer, contentedly listening to the haunting sound of Joni Mitchell’s voice.
“We can drink Dean Winchester under the table!” she called, a laugh in her voice.
“I’m sorry we can’t all be geniuses at removing tiny bones from angry clowns,” I grumbled.
“What do you need, angel?” I asked.
He looked back at me.
I fucking knew they were talking about me.
“Hi, we’re all Winchesters,” Junior pointed out.
“Hey,” Dean Junior said, his eyes a little wide.
“I’m cute?” Cass asked.  He sounded confused as he tried scraping the burnt bacon from the pan.
You can listen to the referenced songs on
Dean’s body went rigid.
He did so, eyes taking in the scattered beer bottles, the mess of plastic innards, and the naked clown on the middle of the table.  “I seem to be late to the party.”
“I like it, too.”
“Yes, Dean, that is correct,” Cass said, blue eyes lasering into mine.  He opened his mouth to say something else, when the door to the car flew open.
,” she’d told me, smiling fondly as she spoke his name.
“Yes, I think so,” he said, nodding.
Cass ignored me and started singing along.
shit out,” I grumbled back at him.
“…Cass…?”
“I’m sorry, Dean, did you want to make me a list of to whom I can speak to about what topics?”
He didn’t ask.
“There is nothing to OMG about here,” I groaned, pushing my pie away from me.
So Cass and I started discussing the Romantic poetry movement, which soon found Bobby excusing himself to ‘show the idjits how to repair a goddamn engine properly’.
“Cass.”
“Okay then,” I said with a shrug.
“…yes…?” he said, looking down at himself to confirm that his body was present.
“Then why didn’t you say anything?!”
Cass breathed out a little huff of a laugh.  “Okay, Dean, I will try not to be.”
We were usually good at comfortable silence, but there was something lying between us unspoken, straining the silence into something awkward.
“Dad had all your old tapes in the Impala,” Junior said, drumming his fingers against the console.  “We used to just drive and drive, listening to them on repeat.”
“This is bullshit!” Cass declared, slamming his fist on the table.
Junior proceeded to make a series of incomprehensible noises.
“Hook me up with that shit,” she said with a glare in my direction.
“Eat it, bitches!” Eileen declared as we finished counting marbles and she was yet again the winner.
“Everyone loves Clint Eastwood.”
I thought I might like that very much.  “Nah, I’ll just hang out here and watch TV or somethin’.”
Slowly Cass’s incredulous look melted away, his nose scrunching up and his eyes crinkling in a full-out laugh.
“Come on, Winchester, nut up,” she said, holding fast to my arm.  “What’s the problem?  I mean, he’s clearly crazy about you, and you’re over here pining away for him…”
“I’m teasing you,” I said gently.  I arched my neck a little to kiss his forehead, then slowly trailed down his nose until I found his lips again.  Cass had technique and enthusiasm, but I had experience, which I decided to put to good use.
“He didn’t really leave so much as die…”
What kind of a name was
“I didn’t say that,” I said, looking anywhere but at her.
“Do you want me to go?” he asked softly.
?” I asked.
“It’s a very peculiar detail.”
My mind was already starting back down a dark path.
What had Cass said?  That I needed
“Please?”
“I thought you were ready.”
I sipped my questionable-tasting coffee, trying to give him my best ‘I’m listening’ face without saying anything.  I didn’t want to spook him, now that it was starting to click into place.  He wasn’t angry, he was nervous, and there was only one thing I could think of that would be making him nervous.
Sam rolled his eyes.  “Whatever, it’s your deal.”
“Nice one, Winchester!” Patience declared, giving me a fist bump after I spiked the shuttle
“No, she does,” he said.  “All memories can be retrieved in heaven.”
started to play.  “…car dance party…?”
“Maybe,” I said, instead of, ‘you don’t have to go yet’.
“Catch!” Junior said, playfully tossing her the orb.
“You and Sam must maintain the trap while Other Dean and I lure Temeluchus inside,” he explained.
“Your favorite Metallica songs,” he finally said.  “Like on the Zepp Traxx mixed tape.  I can feel your soul clearly through each song.”
“Cass!” I called, stumbling drunkenly into my house.  “Cass, come over!”
I choked down another sob, but another followed, and another and another, and then I couldn’t stop it anymore.  “Someone like me doesn’t deserve to go to heaven!”
His eyes opened, meeting mine.
“Uhh,” I said, looking his trench-coated frame up and down.
His hand slid from my cheek to the back of my neck, pulling me in and tucking me into his shoulder.
“Dean, there is no such thing as chick music.”
Jack nodded and went over to Sam and Cass, touching Sam’s shoulder gently.
“That is very good to know,” he said with a nod, and immediately went back in with his tongue.
design that is being tested with the flight, but that doesn’t impede him from glancing to the side at every opportunity, finding excuses to merely gaze upon the grace that is the pilot beside him. It’s also a rare occasion that Dean doesn’t hum as he works, as if any noise he makes will pop the breathtaking moment like a bubble.
But—shuddering in the other’s hold, letting a sense of tranquility wash over him through his euphoria—Dean finds that he can’t bring himself to care.
that lingers in the back of his mind, a tiny fly buzzing in the corner of his subconscious that Dean doesn’t quite yet want to acknowledge. Some part of him hopes that it’ll find the window and escape, but another part of him wants to run up to it and catch it in his hands.
Cas’s face crumples, and Dean wants to soothe him, wants to undo whatever damage he’s done, but he doesn’t know
Logically, Dean knows that the effect of time dilation is only a couple centipicoseconds between the ISS and Earth (he’d done the math once, out of curiosity), but… something about drifting quietly above the Earth, seeing the fuzzy light of the atmosphere fade from the horizon of the globe to the surreal void of space, the empty space in which everything that makes the universe is contained… “timeless” is meant in an entirely metaphorical sense, too.
Smiling against lips, Dean idly thinks about the worn and loved pages of his journal, already knowing how his next entry will end:
“I find it hard to believe it’s so lonely over here, with someone like you.”
Castiel let Dean ride him, trusting his cowhand instincts to prevail — and prevail they did. He rolled his hips with the ease of a wave in water, grinding down to somehow push Castiel even deeper. Contented hums seeped from Dean’s throat, and Castiel pulled him closer, wanting to taste those saccharine sounds.
, he thinks absently,
Dean chokes into his cup of joe.
going to defend him, apparently. He keeps his pie hole shut for the moment, brain still too sluggish to properly argue anyhow.
“Please at least look at his file,” Garth continues, probably getting anxious over Dean’s lack of a response. “You’re together for five whole months: you’ll need to get to know him at
Cas doesn’t deny the fact, stubbornly biting down a smile.
(but, uh... proceed with caution lol, as the only take I have atm is the one I did in the middle of the night while kinda wine drunk...).
It’s only then that Dean—with a sinking feeling in his chest—realizes what his so-called “popularity” might be.
Castiel returned his gaze, studying the man. There didn’t seem to be anything threatening about the stranger — he’d even left one of his pistols back in his hotel (only a fool would walk around town without a means to bear arms). His expression was soft, his posture was open, his voice danced in Castiel’s ears… yet even so, with the steady beat of his heart, Castiel knew that this man was somehow more dangerous than he had ever imagined.
. Cas is also the man that always saved him a meal at the railroad front, making sure Dean would always get a portion of the best dish served. Cas is also the man who saw Dean at what he thought was bedrock at the time and
What has his father been doing for the past three decades?
did you have in mind?” Dean has been blessed with two hands, which he uses to attack both of his company.
can’t figure out how to finish his sentence.
The rest of their crew is already waiting for them, giving them a round of applause as both Dean and Cas set foot—well…
“Come on, Sammy, you love Clint Eastwood.”
.  I kissed him softly, because I felt soft, I felt warm, I felt hope, I felt
“Okay,” he said, and he was smiling all the way to the crinkles in his eyes.  Then his lips were moving back to mine like a magnet and we were both lost.
to die.”
Sam looked to her, biting his lip.
“Dude, stop getting yourself so worked up,” I said, thumbing away his tears with my free hand, “and drive the damn car.”
Cass was sitting in the passenger seat, both coats off and his sleeves rolled up as he gazed out the window.
“Hi,” she said, smiling back before turning to Sam.  “So this is your little brother?”
“Yes, Dean, because, you see, your uncle loves to claim that
“We are?” Jack asked, his head tilting to the side and this slow delighted smile spreading across his face.
“This song reminds you of Sam?” Cass asked, genuinely confused.
Dad’s and my heads both shot in the direction of the interloper who had suddenly appeared in the kitchen with us.
me.  “Seven hours and thirty-two minutes.”
Cass looked between them thoughtfully.  “It does seem to be a special occasion,” he decided, swiftly leaning over the table and touching each of their foreheads.
“Chicks have no sense of humor,” I complained.
“Don’t worry, Cass,” I said, patting his shoulder as I walked by.  “Dean’s safe word is
“You know that I enjoy our talks,” he said with a shrug, still not moving.
“You are so weird…”
I think I was ready to go home, but this moment right here wasn’t so bad.
“What’s up with you two?” Sam asked, gesturing between us.
“Me, Cass.  You talk to me about it.”
“That’s every day!” Claire called from the other side of the fire as she crammed her face with s’mores.
Cass frowned.
“Mm, thanks,” I hummed, rubbing my cheek against the pillow.
“Right?” I agreed.  “What the fuck does us sitting in little circles of candles have to do with battling a pyscho torturer angel?”
“Yeah,” I said with a shrug.  And that was all there was to say.
I stared pointedly at the wall.
“Are you inviting me for some sort of voyeuristic experience?” he asked, looking perplexed.
“Wait, you and the other angels have been going to earth to get shit-faced?” I asked, turning back to look at him.
“I’m pretty sure Dean is the one who is whipped,” I said.
So I drove us home.
I knew the ritual was done when Cass cut my finger with a knife and a beam of light shot up from under my ass, up into the sky.  A matching beam shown from the opposite direction, then suddenly the beams turned into a ring, surrounding the entire hospital.
“And then you had a race down the hall on the room service carts?” Junior continued.
music.”
Dean enters the room first, crossing it quickly and sitting down on his bed to stare blankly at the wall, while Sam drops his bags unceremoniously by the door and leans against the kitchen counter, rubbing the bridge of his nose. Cas sits at the kitchen table and spends exactly ten seconds trying to decide whether to look at Dean or out of the window. The window is the safe option, of course, but he’s annoyed and finds himself wanting Dean’s attention, at this point hardly caring what form it takes. He’d rather be yelled at than ignored. So, he looks at Dean, trying to squint in a way that doesn’t make him look too angry, but is still appropriately serious for the weight of their situation. Dean continues to ignore him, regardless.
Dean looks desperately between Cas and Sam, who is now heading over to one of the building’s doors, which is probably unwise of him to be doing alone. He sighs. “Look, I can leave you here, you can wait in Baby, is that okay? I need to go and help Sam so we can end this shit.”
“Dean, wait!” Sam yells.
Dean is still speaking loudly. “You say that like you haven’t dedicated your entire fuckin’ life to trying to protect me, or something.”
“Too many particles?” His tone is very understanding for someone who is physically incapable of even imagining, let alone experiencing, the atrocities which are currently being performed on Cas’ vessel’s tastebuds.
“I don’t…” Dean trails off with a heavy sigh. “It feel like they’re watchin’ us?” He rests a hand on the bar to keep himself steady.
“I suppose not. But they might still be alive if I had just reported them like I was supposed to.”
, right here than he ever did up there.
. It immediately becomes clear to Cas what must have happened. He clamps his jaw shut. This isn’t good.
“I see,” Cas says slowly, “so, because I’m not a woman, it’s harder for you to compliment me.”
“The feeling…is mutual,” Cas assures him.
“Well, I love how you wear those bright socks with stupid patterns on even though no one can see them under your pant legs!” Dean flaps his arms about wildly as he shouts.
The man takes a step back. “Uh…no.”
The woman blinks at him. “But I thought these were all isolated cases, right? No offence, but I don’t exactly see how the feds are gonna be able to stop people killing each other like this.”
Dean’s eyebrows lower. “Cas, I have no problem with going on a date with you – uh, on a
The vastamare lands, albeit gracefully, face-first on the gravel. Sam scrambles to his feet and raises the stake to end it, but the vastamare recovers quickly, pushing up off of the ground and slamming into Sam with its back.
With a smirk, Cas looks at Dean. “I also appreciate your repeated annoyance on my behalf.”
“Which part?”
misinterpret something as simple as ‘please don’t say anything’. He nods. “All right.”
Dean very pointedly doesn’t respond.
“Sure thing.” She flips through her notepad. “Same kinda thing as we’ve been getting a lot of, just this time, we got a hell of a lot more witnesses since it went down out here. I got a lot of people being treated for shock, but several of them said these two” –she gestures to the bodies on the ground– “were fighting real loudly. A bunch of neighbours came out to stop them, but they acted like they weren’t even there.”
“No, it’s
, you’d know I lied about going to those Zumba classes last summer because I was fucking Jason Harris!”
Apparently satisfied, the black goo begins to retreat into itself, curling into a ball before disappearing entirely, leaving Dean alone in the wake of its destruction. He sinks to the floor as his mind scrambles to process the unprocessable.
It takes a few seconds for his words to register with Dean, who looks at him, blinking in confusion, before formulating a response. “Why would you think I don’t want to?”
Sam had insisted on driving so that Dean and Cas will have more time to find their seats in the bar while he finishes setting up the weapon and trap for the vastamare in the alley next to the building. He left Cas’ tape playing in the car, but Cas has been unable to listen to it to distract himself because Sam hasn’t stopped talking since they left the motel.
Cas leans into the coldness of the log wall, grateful for the way the temperature grounds him. As he stands there, he realises his feet are within the circle of duck’s blood mixture Sam had set up to trap the vastamare and weaken its curse. Before he can let his mind wander off too far, he refocuses on ensuring his mouth remains tightly closed.
“Maybe the lore I found was crap,” Dean says with a shrug. “Who knows? Doesn’t really matter now, we just gotta focus on finding and ganking Mr. Eau de Dead Guy.”
“Uh…no?”
Cas blinks. “Stop what, Dean?”
A muffled “Hey, fuck off,” comes from Dean’s bed.
It’s nearing eleven o’clock, and they had just been to the scene of the previous night’s deaths, as Cas had promised the sheriff, to investigate more. The sheriff had still been there – no longer in her pyjamas – and had had more information to give them on what had happened.
. Right now, you just look like you.”
, not sure of what else to say. He turns around and notices that a young man stood next to him is watching him with raised eyebrows.
, Cas thinks – and then sighs. He removes the green shirt and tosses it aside, leaving him in a black t-shirt that exposes the gash on his upper arm. It isn’t too deep, but still needs cleaning, at the very least, though it seems like the rolled sleeve of Dean’s shirt had been soaking up a lot of the blood; without it, the blood has started to trickle down the rest of the length of his arm. Dean simply watches it, face neutral.
Sam’s strides falter halfway between them and the factory, and he stops, staring at them.
When Dean finally catches up to Sam and Jack, it’s in Hastings, Minnesota and they’re the only ones left.
Cas ignores the way his breath catches when Dean stops walking and turns to look at him, eyebrows drawn in slight confusion at why Cas is still talking to him after being so insistent that he go to bed.
With a frown and a very careful effort to keep his voice sounding
Instinctively, Cas’ eyes go back to him. He’s running a hand over his chin, the way he does when he gets frustrated.  The next time he speaks, his voice is calmer, gentle.
The bartender stops wiping the bar, straightening up with a frown. Her dark hair swishes in a ponytail, and she’s wearing a red flannel open over a black shirt, sleeves rolled up to her elbows. She crosses her arms and chews at her lip. “Yeah, uh, I was working last night. Had to ask those guys to head home after they started yelling at each other.” She rubs at her eyes. “You think, if I hadn’t done that, they’d still be…you know…?”
“Dean. It’s a nice coat.”
“I love you, too, Dean.”
Dean hits the eject button on the car’s cassette player so hard it makes a
, frogs!” Cas rolls his eyes, trying to keep the exasperation out of his voice, reminding himself that Dean is tired and it isn’t his fault he’s struggling to grasp the very simple concept of a frog. “I’ve learned quite a lot about them, actually. For example, I found out that a group of frogs is called an ‘army’, which conjures a mental image which I find to be very endearing.”
“I’m just saying,” Sam says with a shrug, “pretty weird that that was a big enough deal to you guys for it to manifest all that anger in you.” When Dean shoots him another glare, he continues, “Just my two cents.”
“It’s good music, Dean,” Cas says earnestly.
Dean inhales sharply. “Yeah…yeah, okay, Cas, let’s talk about it,” he says, turning slightly to look at Cas.
“Everything’s fine,” Cas says curtly. “I was just talking to Officer Sanchez.”
“I guess you’ll have to head out and buy something nice, then, Cas.”
Sam gulps. “Uhhh…”
It takes Cas a moment to realise it’s a prayer. It’s small and quiet and
Distantly, he is aware of Sam re-emerging from the door he had disappeared through and hurrying across the parking lot towards them. “Hey, guys–” he starts.
Sam wanders over to them, tiny notebook in hand, having finished speaking with all three of the patrons.
Looking over Dean’s shoulder, Cas realises that Sam has disappeared from view. He must have gone through the door into the factory. He nods towards the empty parking lot and Dean turns to look.
All the while, Cas has been rotating between sugar, sweetener, and creamer, adding one at a time to his coffee and testing it repeatedly. He has used up every sachet and pot on their table, and that hasn’t been enough to overwhelm the taste of each individual molecule. He sighs and pushes the cup away from himself.
“Hello,” Cas greets him. “Did you see anything?”
“Dean?” he says tentatively.
Cas is vaguely aware of how scared Dean sounds as his hands move to cup Cas’ cheeks, tilting his head up to look him in the eyes. Cas tries to explain what’s happening to him, but the words that threaten, unbidden, to form on his tongue when he opens his mouth are ones he’s kept buried for years – not out of shame or even fear, really, more out of grief – ones he isn’t sure he wants leaking out into the world, ones that have floated through his mind more times than he can count this evening alone but would never dare say out loud.
“Yes, but then if we can’t find it, there’s nothing we can do to help if another couple gets cursed.”
“Mm.” Dean moves his hand to Cas’ leg.
“Oh, I see.” Cas turns to Sam. “Several thousand years ago, I observed every moment of the evolution of a family of frogs over thirty-three generations. Over time, I noticed that their eyes and noses were gradually getting higher up on their heads, and I found out last night that they evolved in this way in order to be able to stay mostly submerged in water with no detriment to their sight or breathing.”
“It’s okay, Cas,” Sam interrupts, completely misjudging what Cas was about to say, “we don’t mind. You guys know what you’re ordering?”
“Just…” Dean places his head in his hands in a manner that would have looked frustrated if he hadn’t been shaking. “Just stop…I mean…how are you being so nice to me?”
“Wow, Dean,” Cas deadpans. “I can’t believe you don’t think I’m good enough to date you.”
Sanchez stalks towards them, entering the circular trap on the floor as though its existence doesn’t faze him in the slightest. Even as he pauses his stride – seemingly as a silent gloat that their trap has somehow failed – Cas feels no different, though the circle was supposed to ease the effects of the curse.
After a moment, Dean sighs and stands up. He pauses for a second, then looks back at Cas and says quietly, with a small frown, “I wasn’t pretending.”
“Excuse me,” Cas says, stepping closer to the bar to talk to her. “Do you remember how long they had been arguing before you asked them to leave?”
“Of course I know, Dean, I’ve explained enough times that I’m really quite tuned into your emotions.”
Dean sighs. “Yeah, I guess I am. Just…humour me, Cas, please, this isn’t…I don’t know what else to say.”
And that’s it. The story as anyone besides Dean knows it is that he and Cas hid in that storeroom to get away from Billie, and the Empty somehow interpreted that as a sign that Cas’ happiness had peaked and swooped in to steal him away, taking Billie as a bonus prize for its efforts as it went. Nothing untoward happened, and Dean definitely didn't spend hours in that room, shaking and sobbing and praying until not even he knew what he was saying anymore. In many ways, he’s relieved to be the only one who knows the truth; he doubts Sam or Jack could stand to be near him if they knew he was the reason Cas was gone.
Dean grunts. “Dude, if you even
“I have to, Cas, ‘cause I didn’t do it back in Purgatory, I didn’t do it when I first figured it out, and I didn’t do it any time between then and now, so we’re stuck with now, ‘cause there’s no way in hell I’m letting you leave me without knowing, not again.” Dean takes a deep breath, no idea what words are gonna come out on the exhale. “I’ve had a pretty crappy life, right? But the part where I got to know you? That was the best part, hands down. The way I...the way I feel about you, that’s not something I’ve ever felt about anybody. And,” he breathes a humourless laugh, “this whole time, I was too chickenshit to do a single thing about it.” Dean drops his eyes to the ground, blinking away tears. When he raises his head, he brings up his free arm to curl his hand around Cas’ wrist. “I’m so sorry, Cas.”
No one acknowledges that he’s spoken. He sighs heavily and doesn’t try to talk again. Several minutes later, Cas feels him drift off to sleep and envies him. He supposes it’s fair, since Sam had done essentially all of the physical work on the case whilst he and Dean had been dealing with the curse.
“Is some kind of romantic entanglement happening?” Cass asked, looking thoroughly confused.
“Ah, we’re back to your car.”
I glared after her, but something about that laugh made me feel warm inside.
“Nah, it’s more… songs that make me think of them?  Or like songs we have memories about?”
(They weren’t wrong.)
“Perhaps in human years she would be considered an adult female.”
“Why do I have to shut up?” he asked, sounding indignant.
Cass stood there, taking it in.
“Cass, you are drunk as shit,” I informed him.
“It’s a little… loud…” Cass decided.
He turned that smile on me.
Cass swallowed.
“Hand job,” I agreed, sliding my hand down his chest to his belly and resting it there flat.  “Start there, and then, you know, see what we want to be penetrating later on.”
“You shouldn’t be alone,” he said, popping into the kitchen next to me.
“Edible, great,” I said.  “That’s definitely something I look for in the food I’m eating.”
“I could use some more shitty coffee,” I said, holding up my empty cup towards him.
“Dean, I was happy to die, and I would do it again.”
“It’s not really all the details if it’s the only detail,” Cass said with a shrug.  “I mean, nothing else about our… ‘togetherness’ has changed.”
,” he agreed.
?” he asked, his hips already starting to move.
” came James Hetfield’s voice.
Cass snorted at that.
Cass was
The way Cass was reverently flipping through the tapes seemed like A Big Deal.
“May I?” he asked, sounding a little dazed.
came on, I joined Cass on the chorus.
“I was thinking about more maybe just actually having a conversation…?” Sam suggested.  “Seriously, Dean, what is going on between you two?”
“‘Tainted’, really?” I asked tiredly.
“I think it is,” he said back, just as quietly.
“Yes,” Cass said contrarily, still ignoring his food on the floor.
“Yeah?” I said.  “That’s a lotta music, Cass.”
“Then I guess you better smite him,” I said, feeling amused.  I loved listening to Cass talk about music in his weird way.
“I’ll tell you until you believe me.”
- Postscript -
“Is it?” he asked, blinking slowly.  Then something seemed to click in his mind.  “Oh, shit, I only put half the beans in.”
“…thanks?”
“See you back home,” I echoed.
“How can we figure it out?” he asked.
Everyone stared at me expectantly as I came back into the room.  I looked at them blankly, handing Claire another beer and opening my own.
Cass seemed like he wanted to say something.
“My, Samuel, this is certainly an improvement over the dour old man bit you had going on before,” Rowena hummed, squeezing Sam’s bicep.  “Now what say you we start this rite so I can get back to ruling my kingdom?”
“You call that same man who is older than you ‘Junior.’”
I cracked up.  “Gross, man.”
That didn’t sound right.  I held the body I was wrapped around more tightly.
“Good night, Dean.”
a lot.  And he gets this soft expression on his face, and-”
She grinned at me.
“I am not here for your amusement, Dean,” he told me angrily.  “I am here to push this hippopotamus’s rear and make it consume vast quantities of marbles.”
The last time I’d seen him cry…
“Quite,” he agreed.
I still didn’t know what to say.
Cass stood beside me, waiting patiently.
“Yeah, it mostly makes you sound desperate,” Charlie said, grinning at me.
“Dean, that was very childish,” Cass said, shaking his head but with a fond smile.
Cass leaned back more comfortably in his seat, rolling up his sleeves to his elbows.  He’d been taking off the trench coat and the suit jacket more and more often lately.  “Sam said the same thing, but I didn’t know that kitchens were a place for sexual intercourse.”
“You can’t heal yourself?”
You can listen to the referenced songs on
I stared at her.
“Well, technically, neither do we, what with being dead and all,” I pointed out.
“Yeah, Dean,” Claire said, grinning.  “It’s just different from you.”
“Would you like to visit Lisa Braeden?” he asked.
“You both call this Castiel
I never thought I’d live to see the day.  Which, technically, I hadn’t, but it was still a sight to behold.  The fingers brushing lingeringly over the neck of the bottle, the smoldering eyes, the little tilt to Dean’s mouth.  I’d seen it all play out before in a thousand different bars.  And yet somehow this was completely new and different.
“Thank you, Dean, I seem to be bleeding profusely,” he said, his weight heavy against me.
“Dean, I think you should sleep this off.”
“Tell me what you want,” I said, trying to keep my voice steady as I smoothed an errant curl from his forehead.
“Did she?”
Cass was quiet for a while, before finally saying a soft, “thank you.”
He just shrugged.
“Isn’t that usually a thing that chicks do?” I asked, scratching at my stubble.
He had me there.  “It was my time.”
, you
“I just don’t see why we couldn’t have summoned Rowena to the bunker,” I said with a shrug.  “Seems like this whole mission could go a lot smoother if we didn’t waste time floating around in these tin cans, getting high on blood rites…”
Cass’s head tilted to the side.  “Well, I mean, of course we are all together in your kitchen-”
“That would be delightful,” Jack said, smiling his sunny smile.
“Wait, what?” Sam said, squinting at me.
“And you and Junior are enough for this guy?” I asked, raising an eyebrow.
“I am a known manwhore…”
Jack stared up at me expectantly.
“What are you doing here, anyway?” I asked.
“Really, that’s all?”
“It was a whole
Rowena just smiled and disappeared from my line of sight, saying her goodbyes to the others.
“You’ve got it bad,” she persisted, shaking her head.
I turned to Mom, relieved to find that she looked just as mortified and mystified as I did.
“I healed myself about five minutes ago,” he informed me.
They were both quiet again.
“What should we do, Cass?” Sam asked enthusiastically.
We finally pulled into our seedy motel, which was a lot shinier and more electronic than I remembered seedy motels being, and then there was Mellie, standing out in the parking lot with a cock to her hip and a grin on her face.
I looked up to the roof for guidance in how to deal with this nonsense, but nothing was forthcoming.
I couldn’t be mad about pie.
“Beers,” Sam said, emerging from the kitchen with a case of beer.
there…”
“I didn’t want to leave you.”
Space explorer… astronaut… Major Tom?  I always had to do mental gymnastics to figure out what the hell Cass was talking about.  “
He backed up one more millimeter.
“I do not have any data to compare the saying with the having, so I am not sure.”
I shook my head.
“...why...?”
“Damn, my mom never told me how hot you were when you were younger,” she said, throwing her arms around him enthusiastically.
“That must be difficult for Sam’s ego, as he has always believed himself to be hot,” Cass murmured.
him.  He wasn’t
“I think you’re next,” I said, nodding my head towards Jack.
“It’s very famous,” he said, turning back to the screen.
Eileen had decided to play hostess for the night, setting up a bonfire outside of their house.
I breathed in deeply and let it out slowly, then stood up and headed back to the car.
“I thought Jack didn’t want to come down to earth,” Sam said, but there was a hopeful look cropping up in his puppy dog eyes.
“…is that Zepp?!”
Drunk me and drunk Cass.  Sitting in my kitchen, with our knees touching and my arm across his chair, absorbing the heat of his back.
“And yet you keep talking about it.”
“Also, the smell.”
“Mellie, Wee Dean, lovely of you to orchestrate this reunion,” she said, passing by them and pinching Junior on the cheek before slapping Mellie on the butt.
?” I complained, slouching into a chair and rubbing my temple.
“Him,” I said, gesturing to the board.  “Cavity Sam.”
Cass blinked slowly.  “You mean you told him that we kissed?”
I wondered if he was thinking about it, too.
“Dean, I have to go,” he finally said.
“Hey, boys,” she said, waving us over.
“It’s called the ‘big spoon’, Cass.”
I looked to her, giving her a quick nod, and we both started slowly backing away from the door.
Castiel was a good man. He listened dutifully in mass, he recited the psalm for the entire congregation. Yet, as he rubbed a bead from his rosary between his thumb and his index finger, memorizing its texture as a desperate means of distraction, he found himself wondering if the Father ever left the whitewashed adobe walls of the chapel with the rest of the town.
Over and over again, he recited lines he’d known since childhood, clinging to a faith he refused to doubt. By keeping his fingers busy, by keeping his lips moving, he couldn’t be restless, couldn’t stare at the hotel like he was expecting something. A bead of sweat followed his hairline, tickling his skin as it rolled down his cheek.
The two remained in the shadows just shy of the morning light that spilled into the office: warmed-pink cheeks pressed into iron bars, breath escaping in quick puffs from the way Dean bit his lips to muffle his groans and whimpers. Castiel held him against that cell, thrusting into him at a steady yet brutally precise pace, punching out words of praise and sighs of pleasure from the man underneath him. Fingers flexed around the iron bars, squeezing as if holding on for dear life, and Castiel’s hand found its way around one of those hands, intertwining fingers to the best of their ability.
since Cas only gets
“The crew?” Dean says, mainly to give himself time to process the question. “Fine, I guess. Someone stank up the toilet in Zvezda, and everyone is mostly sure it’s Crowley. Cas has been complaining that it has to be a toxic release of methane at this point.”
Charlie pauses, glancing over at Dean. Frowning, she goes back to the start of the camera roll and starts counting.
Even with the heat boring down onto the back of his neck, Castiel kept his pace steady, strolling back to the sheriff’s office with a resoluteness about him that made him seem like he was on patrol. The air felt heavy on his shoulders, melting his brain until every thought was sluggish. Cotton-like.
Dean buffers, unable to come up with a decent response for a good minute. “That’s weird,” he says, failing to come up with something even remotely good. “Why’s that?”
“... You knew I was Sheriff.”
Being completely flooded with launch preparations, Dean doesn’t have the energy to dwell on the concept for too long until the weekend.
Having been so distracted with his own words, Dean hadn’t noticed Cas rising from his bed, stumbling forward and crashing into Dean with an
When he turns to face Dean, he’s smiling warmly, and not unkindly. “I remembered a popular song.” Dean isn’t sure whether to comment on how it’s like the song was written precisely for him, used to be accurate, or mention it at all. “If what I heard is true,” Padre Abascal continues, “then he will not give up. He is strong, and he has much to live for.”
“Sammy’s been telling me to just,” Dean waves his hand vaguely, “‘
Castiel’s fingers slipped to the next rosary bead, and he started the prayer once more.
Castiel let his stare stray to the hotel clerk, studying his self-satisfied expression. “How much did he pay?”
“Got pie,” Dean says in a form of greeting.
Old Blue Rocket was an old horse. His joints creaked and his lope was slower than the rest, but he was a good horse. He led a good life.
They’re only about two days out from Ellsworth, which is a home run for everybody. Dean’s only seen one new barbed wire fence set up along their route, which, as worrying as it is for future drives, doesn’t cause much of a diversion.
What exactly did Castiel think the stranger was going to do? Why did he think they were any different from any other stranger that passed through town?
Dean protests.
Clicking his tongue, Crowley busied himself with the short task of preparing Castiel’s drink. Castiel knew he should eat something if he wanted to do his job properly, but he wasn’t sure if he could. A glass was slid over to him, and Castiel was left alone.
When they’re left with a mound of overturned dirt in front of them, Rufus sticks a wooden cross bound in rope he carved just earlier into the soil, patting the ground around it to secure its place.
There’s silence beside him, and Dean gulps under the tension that grows between the brothers. When he glances to the side, he’s met with an incredulous stare.
Then what
“You’re the stranger in this town,” Castiel said, and the stranger only laughed.
When that happened, Dean doesn’t know what possessed him (most likely exhaustion), but he impulsively reached out to ruffle Cas’s hair, assuring him
. The sun is all around Dean, and it’s a resting sun that heals his burns.
As soon as the airlock is pressurized once again, the hatch is opened, and Dean almost collapses into open arms.
“You haven’t eaten all day!” Dean retorts, throwing his hands up in the air. Seeing how large the gesture was, he crosses his arms and holds them close to his chest.
Dean only flips his duster hood on in afterthought, barely registering how soaked he has already become. The small pistol filled with blanks is already in his hand, and he doesn’t even think as he points it to the sky and shoots, hoping the whip-like
’ for you?” Cas bites out.
by the general populous?
Dean doesn’t process that time is passing. He barely notices when Sam and Garth leave, when Pay-ati and Rufus roll into their own hen skins before promptly passing out. He sits there, watching the fire as his mind feels hollow and empty. The fire burns low, and he keeps the flame steady, tossing in another log that Little Joe had rustled up earlier in the day when the warmth threatens to disappear. He watches as the new logs catch alight, sap crackling and popping as wood curls in on itself before it crumbles into ash. If Dean ever thinks about it too hard, he takes another drink, pushing down the wobbly emotions that threaten to burst and wallowing in the depression that envelops his head.
“You were
s profile—out of necessity,
“You guys are
Scrambling to unlock his phone, to get rid of the three unanswered messages and two missed calls, Dean fumbles to call Castiel back. Each ringing tone draws out for an eternity, pressing against his lungs so that it’s harder to breathe, and he pinches the bridge of his nose in frustration, chanting for Cas to pick up on the other side.
card.”
“Your feathers are ruffled,” Dean teases him, brushing his fingers over his own hair in reflection. Cas hesitantly reaches up to feel around and smooth his own hair back down.
Nudging the watch open, Dean’s not surprised to see the crack in the glass, splitting the clock face in half.
More silence, and Dean wants nothing more than to go home and take a long nap once this call is ended.
, Dean thinks, forcing a smile onto his face as if proving something to himself.
we have? Between us?” His voice is smaller than it has been, and it’s the only thing that really keeps Dean from simply booking it out of there.
Dean only turns around when he hears chuckling,
“I’m returning the favor,” Castiel said, looking at Dean from the corner of his eye. He watched as Dean’s lips curled upward in triumph.
Castiel’s voice lulls Dean, heavensent.
“—seen him?”
built by
There comes a point where his family is genuinely concerned at how Dean never really strays from Cas’s side, tensing at any groan or hitch in breath, and easing once it’s proven to be nothing more than restless slumber. He can
Opening and closing his mouth in shock, Cas is rendered utterly speechless, and Dean laughs brightly at the sight, hearing Charlie mimic gagging in his head. Cas glares at him, which only makes Dean laugh harder.
he grumbled, frustrated: Dean was breathtaking on his knees, in a position of worship, but the mere image wasn’t enough to satisfy Castiel any longer.
“I’m… not a good person,” he murmurs at last. “Everything I do is wrong. I got half the ranch destroyed and my family hurt… I bring Mom back but no one gets along… I even got that kid
Dean takes a second too long to process the information before Charlie pushes off and propels herself away at a quicker velocity, leaving Dean behind as her implications sink in.
. It’s my fault for not trying hard enough.”
“You’re leaving in a week,” she tells him, as if the news hasn’t been ringing through his head at every waking moment. “Off this planet, away from humanity. I know you can be adaptable, Dean, but you’ve been up there once before. It’s different. Back then, you knew Benny. Now, you’re sharing almost everything about your life with five other people you barely had the opportunity to know beforehand. All we’re trying to do is make it easier on you: both you
, but Cas is giving Dean this
In the morning, Dean is grumpy from his bad sleep, pouting into his cup of black coffee as he barely tunes into the buzz of the other breakfast-goers.
he hissed in warning. Glancing up, he could see a smirk creep across the bar dog’s face.
Castiel is lying asleep in his bed, his features roughly highlighted by the flickering lantern in the room. Dean has his chin propped up on his forearms that rest on the mattress as he gazes up at the man.
Cas hums in question.
Dean slams down the rest of his whiskey, surging forward and pushing two chips into the pool to ignore the burning in his throat.
“Maybe it doesn’t mean anything,” Sam brings up. “Most songs are pulled out of people’s asses, I’m surprised this one turned out accurate so far.”
Dean hopes it’s not the case. By God, he’d be happy staying here forever, if he could. Thing is, fate isn’t exactly on his side lately, and he has a horrible feeling he’ll be ripped away from it all sooner rather than later.
“Because I like staring at you,” Dean reasons. He rolls around so that Cas isn’t upside-down anymore. “You’re nice to look at.”
“Hmm?”
Cas frowns, side-eyeing Dean. “Yes I have.”
Not too long after, wrapped up in each other’s company, Dean rides Cas, languidly guiding the pace despite the hands that hold down his waist. (Dean had already made some absolutely
Cas huffs out a laugh, and Dean can almost see the roll of his eyes. “It was not entirely factual… and with me being human, now, the myth is also dying out.”
Despite hearing Sam’s advice, Dean continues to ignore Cas for the remainder of the trip back to the ranch — only this time, he’s more aware of himself, and he’s more aware of just how obvious he’s going about his cold-shouldering.
Dean murmured, just loud enough for Castiel to hear his inquiry. Though he maintained eye contact with Castiel, he nudged the length that curved upward and toward Castiel’s stomach, leaving distracted kisses and nuzzles that were never quite enough.
Dean wakes a few more times for only brief periods, barely conscious enough to drink more tea and force down some more food. Each time, he sees new faces around him: Padre Abascal, Missouri (who has been lingering in Santa Fe since the storm), his brother and Charlie, his mom and dad and Bobby… While he’s overjoyed to see them in perfect shape, having gotten out of the fight unscathed thanks to Dean, there’s a niggling doubt lingering in his gut as he searches for a face that never appears.
, but finds that his company is also standing up now, his sleeves rolled up and his wet coat hanging over the crook of his elbow.
“I’ve already told you that you
There was a saloon in Heaven: the town had enough eastern influence to put up the façade of being a picturesque and devout community, but all that image did was tuck the saloon and the bed house in a side alley away from the main street. Castiel was aware of the questionable ordeals that occurred in that realm of Heaven, but he had learned early in his posting that it was better to keep his hands out of it.
as he enters data into a spreadsheet.
Benny laughs.
“I know the song exists,” Dean says, returning to an earlier topic, “but do you think our story will ever be written down? Like all those books Dad has in his library, or those tomes in Sammy’s room.”
At that, Dean tenses.
Dean, who has an innate sense of danger, wakes up as if on cue, even if he doesn’t know what’s about to happen yet. Two seconds later, Cas is rapping on his door, pulling him out of his sleep station and toward the shielded part of the Russian side.
He shakes his head. “Nope. Didn’t
Castiel thought absently, recalling how the stranger’s appearance had done something to him, knocked him off his balance since the sun sat high in the sky. A tension crescendoed between them, soft and almost unnoticeable at first until it grew into something unavoidable; they stood absolutely still, hardly daring to move a muscle.
As he thinks, Dean bites his lip, flipping a chip between his fingers. If he wins the bet, he can surprise Sammy with another studying book or two, as well as a bagful of sweets. If he folds, he can still—barely—afford the ink and cheap booze his old man asked for in the first place. If he
All he can offer them is a silent prayer before he mounts Impala and rides away.
Dean and Cas had agreed to meet up at noon on Saturday at a little cafe not too far from the Johnson Center, but Saturday is already off to a bad start when Dean wakes up two hours prior to their meeting.
introduction he could’ve possibly hoped for,” Benny wheezes, and Dean drops his hands to shoot him a death glare.
Benny asks out of nowhere.
Dangling as he caught his breath, Dean stared up at Castiel with sheepish, pleading eyes.
He realized with another pang that he didn’t mind the notion in the slightest.
.” He smiles self-deprecatingly. “I dunno if you could tell, but I’m not really great at that.”
Castiel ran a tongue over his chapped lips, longing for a drink.
“I’m in the Vomit Comet today,” Dean says. As he grabs his bag and leaves the room, he can see Garth trailing behind from the corner of his eye. “Maybe after.”
from me?” Dean groans.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Go to sleep, Sammy.”
Dean galls back asleep moments later.
Sighing, he relents, chirking and kicking Impala’s side to move ahead of his brother.
It only gets hotter, as it turns out. There’s no storm anytime that week, in fact, which further mystifies Dean.
Somewhere in an adjacent unit, there’s a shout that sounds something like
“What more do you
Hesitating for a second too long, Dean ends the call and slumps back in his seat, throwing his arms over his eyes and continuing to loiter in front of the house of Sam’s client.
While not overbearing, Padre Abascal’s hand comes to rest on Dean’s shoulder, as if to transfer encouragement through his very touch. “It is easier to give advice than it is to receive it. Let yourself be frustrated, but do not panic.”
Cas’s hand squeezes Dean’s shoulder, and with the hand that isn’t holding his canteen, Dean reaches up and covers the fingers there with his own.
“Just passin’ through, by the looks of it.”
“Thanks, Cas,” Dean sighs, running his fingers back through his hair. “I can’t imagine how stressful this past week has already been for you.”
. Something twists in his stomach, vile and deprecating.
The hammer of the pistol clicks the barrel into place, and he rushes ahead, just to the south of the stampede and…
“That doesn’t mean—”
When they position themselves to take a photo of the entire mission, Dean and Cas are placed at the front. Charlie grips onto Dean’s shoulder to stop herself from drifting away, positioning herself on the far side and somewhat between both rows, and Cas hardens his expression as Crowley prattles on about something or another.
The only reason Dean gets up in the morning is because his subconscious is vividly aware that he’s on the International Space Station, in
“Of course I have,” Dean tries to make up an excuse. “There’s only six of us up here, and he was my copilot, on top of that.”
Though he doesn’t actively try to interact much with Cas, they seem to drift together naturally, caught in each other’s orbit. Dean notices with some intrigue that Cas has the same distant disposition to him — he can tell, because they both use the mutual understanding of being tired from a hard day’s work while staying quiet at each other’s side. Nevertheless, this doesn’t discourage the mindless comment here and there, the idle conversation they make when they really are too tired to remember
And with that, he’s gone, leaving Dean alone to contemplate the advice he had just been offered.
“Metaphor for something?”
Who did the White Bandit lose?
Everyone is excited enough to build their own pizza, and, somehow, it becomes very much of an icebreaker activity. Because they have fresh produce from Dean and Cas having just flown over, Dean cuts a bell pepper into strips for anyone to take as they please. Each of them gets one thin pizza crust, and they use tomato sauce to ensure that all the toppings will stick.
“Mijo, it is only…
Instead of bracing for the impact, Charlie moves to the side to slow the bin down and lead it into the dock. “What is it?”
“You know,” Charlie says, “I’ve always thought… Isn’t the narrator admitting that he’s guilty? Not of anything in particular but… even though he’s pleading innocence—or at least asking for pity—he’s saying that he deserves it.”
Exhaling slowly, Dean nods. “Like I said, I don’t think he’s a bad person.”
“Oh, yeah?” Rita shouts as she struggles to keep up with him. “Well, at least my breath doesn’t smell worse than the damn dog’s!”
Dean looks away like he’s been stung. “
“You sure, man?”
“I still don’t get why you didn’t wake us up, man,” Dean huffs as he follows Sam and Cas into a diner for breakfast later that morning. “We all coulda gone at five a.m. no problem.”
. The irony is not lost on Cas, as he sits there pushing back the same, tiny sentence as he has been for the past half an hour or so. He certainly doesn’t feel free, and this is a song that has always made him think of Dean and those same words that are currently rattling against his skull. How fitting.
A different waitress brings them their food, eventually. Not-Maia is a lot less smiley and chatty than Maia, for which Cas is secretly relieved. He doesn’t have the energy to pointedly ignore her again.
Ever the fidgeter, Dean cracks his knuckles in order, and keeps repeating the motion even after they stop clicking. They sit in almost painful silence for several minutes. Cas refuses to be the one to speak first.
is a husband who doesn’t start sleeping with my boss because I ‘don’t really do it’ for him anymore!”
Cas looks up at him, briefly, expression heavy with the loss they’re both anticipating. When his eyes fall away, Dean’s chest pangs with another kind of loss, the loss of what could have been. Suddenly, all that time he spent holding Cas - holding
He eyes Sam and Dean. They are both still sleeping heavily and won’t wake up – naturally, at least – for another hour, minimum, so Cas decides to head over to the crime scene alone.
Jack’s breath hitches. “The Empty.”
Cas resigns himself to watching Sam and Dean enjoy their meals, instead, which is an activity he has become used to, even if not very content with. When Dean finishes the last of his burger, Cas slides his plate of dry, beige carbohydrates towards him. Despite his earlier protests, Dean takes it and drowns the food in a variety of sauces before eating it all.
“I’ll take the bartender, Sam’ll talk to the regulars” –he waits for a nod from Sam at his instruction– “you check for that weird smell again, got it?”
Dean flips him off as he stuffs more bacon and pancake into his mouth.
“Tell me again,” Cas asks. Implores. Pleads.
“Dumbass.” Dean’s voice is soft and filled with more fondness than Cas thinks he’s ever heard in it before. He places a hand on Cas’ cheek to tilt his head back up again.
Dean looks at him in disbelief. “Cas, she’s hot
“My feet smell fine, you ass, try learning how to do the damn laundry sometime, I’m sick of doing everything around here! I’m not your mother!” Cara puts a trembling hand on the counter behind her for balance. It knocks over an empty beer bottle. Neither of them seems to notice.
Cas doesn’t know how to respond but, luckily, it seems he doesn’t have to figure it out, as he finds himself saying, “You heard me. I love you. I’ve loved you from the moment I pulled you out of Hell.”
The three of them just stand there, painfully aware that they need to get past this, need to move on, but they have no idea how to.
A morose silence falls over them. Cas dislikes thinking about his mistakes, particularly his ones from before he met Sam and Dean, when he was a very different person, so to speak, and part of him wishes he hadn’t told them, in case it changes their opinion of him.
“No shit.” Sam whistles. “The Tree Trunk, or something, right?”
Dean scoops up the plastic coffee pot and starts scouring the kitchen cupboards with all the determination of a predator hunting down its prey.
“Dean, let it go,” Cas says firmly as Sam joins them.
“I’m going to have to touch you, now,” he drawls. “I hope that won’t be too distressing for you.”
a better person. You make me wanna do better, for Sam, for Jack, for everyone. For you. For
Sam nods, mumbling something to himself about some of the lore he’d read.
“But…” Cas tilts his head, “you don’t like frogs.”
you know how to talk to people, Cas. I just don’t want you going all robo-angel on them and freaking them out, you know?”
As much as Cas enjoys having Dean look at him as though he’s the only thing in the world worth looking at, he eventually has to interrupt his staring. Trying not to grin, he asks, “Do I look like your boyfriend, now, Dean?”
Dean snorts.
“No,” he grumbles.
Returning the nod, Dean slides his hands away from Cas’ face and grabs his hand, lifting it off of the bar, and gently guides him to stand up. Cas releases his grip on Dean’s leg, but finds himself having to move that hand up to hold onto Dean’s arm.
if you want you can find me on tumblr
“Shut
“I mean, don’t get me wrong, you’ve been needing to for
“What has he said?” Sam’s eyes are wide. His hands shift uncertainly on the large stick.
Recognising a pattern, he’d started to hold it back. If he didn’t say it outright, if he held the people he loved at a distance, then he’d be keeping them safe from him without losing them completely.
“Yeah?” Marcus takes a step towards Cara, seemingly unaware of how raw his throat is from shouting. “Well, at least I don’t wear socks in bed!”
“What took you guys so long?” Sam taunts as they return to the motel. “Did you buy out the whole store? Or were you practicing walking around holding hands for your date later?”
to try, you know, I really wanna do it right, I wanna make it work. It’s just that I got no clue how to do that, and these things – uh, you know, relationships – are so easy to screw up. And I’m pretty good at doin’ that, at screwing ‘em up, so–”
“All right, great, I think that’s all the questions we got for you, thanks for your help.”
“That’s it, other than a section that explains how to kill it, but that’s only useful if we know this is the thing we’re dealing with. This site isn’t very informative, but it’s the first place I’ve seen mention this thing.”
The bartender pauses to think. “Um…I’m not totally sure. Maybe like, two, three minutes after I heard Rita say she didn’t love him? It got pretty rowdy pretty fast, and they wouldn’t listen when I told them to keep it down.”
Jerry’s head seems to snap back as he takes a step away from her. As he glances towards their house, his eyes fall on the metal ‘Welcome to our home!’ sign stuck in the lawn. He crouches to tug it out of the ground, brushing the dirt off of it with his hand. He rises slowly, twisting the sign to point the sharp end that had been in the ground at his fiancée.
talking about it – when he’s finished processing. Cas would just appreciate a sign in the meantime.
“You’d better be,” Dean grumbles. When Cas looks at him, he glances up to meet his eyes. He still looks about as scared as Cas feels. His voice is quiet and unsteady when he says, “I don’t wanna lose you, Cas.”
Sam smiles and starts heading over to the car.
The next bang is followed by a crash, and the warded door to the storage room bursts open. Over Cas’ shoulder, Dean sees Billie stride across the threshold, scythe in hand, murder on her face. Cas doesn’t look away from Dean.
Dean hasn’t spoken much since they decided he would have to go on a pretend date with Cas, and Cas has been trying very hard not to take it personally. This is difficult to do when Dean hardly even looks at him. He has been sat on his bed since he returned to the motel room with a bottle full of duck blood, opting to stare at the screen of his laptop with an almost worrying intensity instead of talking to Sam or Cas.
“Dean…”
back to heaven?” I asked.
“A normal person would be scared, Cass.”
Dean leaned his head back, his eyes practically rolling up into his head.  “You and me are doing another cooking lesson.”
I hit the ‘stop’ button.
“I wasn’t trying to be philosophical,” I said, turning away, because his head was definitely resting on my shoulder now and he was staring up at me with the most sincere expression on his face.  “Where do you go after work?  Where do you keep all your stuff?  Where do you… I don’t know,
“He’s like this because of you,” I heard Cass saying, and then he was beside me.
was.  But I felt okay not putting a label on it.  I just wanted to feel it.  “I like being near you.”
“No, she is definitely a biological female-”
“No thanks.”
His stare intensified.
Cass caught me, appearing in my passenger seat out of nowhere without the customary invitation.
He looked surprised, but then he smiled again, so I figure that was a good enough olive branch for the time being.
“I’ll watch over you tonight, if that’s all right with you,” he said, eyes taking on a questioning look.
“Takes one to know one,” Claire cackled at my retreating back as I took the glass bottles back to the kitchen.
“Don’t move!”
“I thought you said you healed yourself,” I said, reaching out a hand to steady him.
“Are you okay?” he asked softly.  “Do you need liquid replenishment?”
“Thank you,” he said softly.  “That means a lot to me.”
And so we began our how every many-eth last night on earth.
Dean paused when he saw us, mumbled something about going out, then stomped on by us.
“Go,” Cass said, smiling at him easily.  “I’ll be waiting.”  Cass was always patient with Dean when he knew he couldn’t handle being pushed.
“How should I answer it then?” Cass asked, genuinely confused.
“For what?”
“This is not your car.”
“Crappy,” he responded, crossing his arms over his chest.
I didn’t know what
with that body,” she said, looking me up and down, and grinning madly.
“I didn’t say I didn’t like it,” he replied.  “I just… am still trying to understand it.”
“Dean, what-”
“Don’t roll your eyes, Dean,” he said, because of course he didn’t have to see me to know that I was doing it.  “You slept soundly and comfortably when I served as the ‘larger spoon’.”
Junior and Cass gave her a proper goodbye while Sam and I mumbled something that might have sounded like human language, and then we were off.
Cass held out the bag of donuts he’d brought for our drive and I took one, taking a bite and continuing to mouth the words.
Cass rubbed his nose against the back of my neck, humming softly.
“You should rest and recover from all those shots,” he said warmly.  “Maybe we can go for a drive next time.”
I stood up, which took more effort than expected, but then I could look down at him.  I put both of my hands on his shoulders.  “I’m not trying to… I’m not…
“…what?” he rasped out, sounding more human than usual.  Sounding like me when everyone was talking over my head.
“Well, I don’t want to intrude-” Cass started.
I froze, too, my eyes widening in slow horror.
Cass located the tape and pushed it in.
“As a button,” I supplied, which only added to Cass’s confusion.
“Please,” I said.  “You know what I was doing while you always had your nose buried in a book?”
“Cass, you can stop telling people to come keep an eye on me already,” I prayed.
Eileen and I both stared at him, then burst out laughing again.
“I don’t think I can be.”
I looked at him.
“Cass,” I groaned, and then just gave in to laughing again.  “Okay, Britney has some balls.”
“The younger angels all come to me to learn about the ancient music of the 1970s and 80s,” he said proudly.
I breathed out a heavy sigh at him.
“I try,” he sighed.
“So me makin’ you mixtapes… that makes you happy?” I asked, weighing the words out before I spoke.
I don’t know how long we stood there like that.
“Whaddya mean?”
“But you are family, so…”
I let my eyes shut, too, and went quiet as our lips met.
“Dean,” he said quietly, a single, warning syllable.
“I would do it over,” he said softly.  “I would do it differently.  But that’s not how life works.”
“How can you say that shit with a straight face?” I complained, wanting to look away, but he was still holding my face and staring into my eyes like I was the most precious human being in all of existence.
I growled unintelligibly.
“Castiel’s spell,” he said, like that explained perfectly why my brother and I had been ripped out of heaven and brought back to earth.
“We do not speak about game night.”
Junior slid in on the other side and started the car.
“Sit your ass down,” I said, tugging on the sleeve of his trenchcoat and directing him to the kitchen chair next to me.
“Yeah,” I said, meeting his gaze evenly.  “You and Cass are together.  Romantically.”
“I just sit here…?” I asked.
“I have to get back to work!” Cass declared suddenly, and then he was gone.
“I’m glad,” he said, a soft smile echoing mine.
“Don’t need to be drunk in heaven.”
“Still thinking about heaven crap?” I asked.
“Whatever.”
“Do not make me hide how I feel, Dean,” he said quietly.  “That is all I’m asking.”
“Yeah, Cass,” I said, wondering when it was that we’d ended up sitting so close to each other that I could feel his breath on my face when he spoke.
“I don’t know why it bothers you so much,” he said with a shrug.  “Your sexual activity decreased significantly after the whole Mark of Cain skulduggery.”
“Sit,” I requested.
“I don’t know,” I said honestly.
His smirk in my direction affirmed that.
I found myself chewing on my bottom lip.
“Dean?” Sam said, but the tone was all wrong.  That wasn’t how he said my name.
I turned to him, grinning.  “He gets so angry every time he hears it.”
A crease formed between his brows.
“It was the heaaaaat of the mooomeeent!” I sang along cheerfully.
Cass drew up beside me, and when we’d reached a little grassy area that he deemed as the correct spot, we started setting up the candles and drawing sigils.
“I haven’t had a make out session like this since I was in high school.”
“More of you.”  I stared into his eyes, feeling completely exposed.
“Okay, I have to get back to work,” he said.  “We will talk tomorrow?”
“Yes.”
I looked at Cass sitting in the back.
“Yeah…” Sam said.  “It’s been good to see Dean, though.  To have you two meet.”
“Family’s family,” I grumbled at him.
It felt like we’d been going at it for hours.
“It didn’t feel that way to us,” Cass said.  “It felt like… the world had ended.”
“Oh, you’re awake,” Cass said.
Junior grinned, seeming to soak up the attention as he continued telling me embarrassing stories about his dad.
He shrugged, a bizarrely human gesture on him.  “If your idea of a good time is watching scantily clad women struggling to pay their bills while dealing with issues of paternal abandonment-”
“How am I weird?!” I cried.
“You didn’t deserve this, Dean!” he shouted.  “You broke in hell after thirty years!  Thirty years of torture, Dean!  That doesn’t erase all the good that you did before and after!  It doesn’t take away from the purity and goodness of your soul!  I touched that soul, Dean, I touched it when you were in hell, when you were tearing apart a soul on the rack, when you were at your utter lowest, and it was still beautiful!  Never before and never again will I see a soul as beautiful as yours, because no matter what Alastair, what Chuck, what anyone puts you through, the very essence of your being is pure love!”
“We should pray,” he said with a solemn nod.
“Good,” he said, shifting from side-to-side and scoping out the area.  The only light came leaking out from behind the curtained windows of the hospital, clouds covering up any light from the sky.  “Dean?”
“Her person is Dr. Wang,” he said, eyes flitting around like he was searching a database in his head.  “The person who understands her without having to say anything.  The person who she would… call if she murdered someone and needed help dragging the body across the living room floor.”
“That’s just it, Charlie, I don’t.”
I slept most of the morning despite the copious amounts of coffee I’d consumed, and slowly I started to feel like a human being again.  “Where are we going again?” I finally asked when I was ready to rejoin society.
Blue eyes sucked me in.  “You’re being avoidant,” he said.  “Anyway, when Jack pulled me out of the Empty, my vessel was destroyed-”
...’  ‘Finally.’  ‘Kinda already knew that, dude.’
“What the fuck does that have to do with anything?” I grumbled, getting back inside the vehicle.  “I’ve lived longer than the brat, even if my body is… however old it is.”
“Well, this is all very amusing and all, but time is precious,” Rowena said, gracing us all with a threatening smile.
“Don’t we need to begin the spell?” he asked, changing the subject like the asshole he was.
“Dean has an instant hangover cure on speed dial,” Sam called from the kitchen.
I rolled my eyes, shifting closer to him so I could better access the popcorn bowl.
“Does this mean you’re going to stop hiding your angel from me now?” Dad asked suddenly.
“Well as long as I cannot be by your side, I want you to be surrounded by people who love you,” Cass said with a shrug.  “Should I request fewer baked goods?”
“I’m sure they’re fine,” I said.
“Okay, so why did I have to be here for that?”
“Yes,” he said with a nod.  “You’re doing an excellent job already.”
“No one is hiding anything,” I mumbled.
“You should try being more open-minded, Dean.”
“Good.”
“That’s just my nickname for Castiel,” she said, ignoring the rest of my question.  “It’s an inside joke, and there’s pretty much no one left alive who gets it anymore.”
I looked at him.
“It did,” I said, feeling myself grin.
“Okay, everyone ready?” I asked, getting excited.
I groaned, flopping back on the ground in defeat.  There was whipped cream in my
, and maybe I couldn’t take the credit for that, but I certainly hadn’t made him worse.  I hadn’t
I shook my head.  My eyes flicked to his lips.  “Just ’cause.”  I pulled away from him, sitting back in my seat.
And then they were gone and it was just me and Cass.
“Of course,” I said, making my exit as I didn’t need the details of whatever this all was.  “Later.”
“Steve, sir.”
He snatched the shot glass from the table and downed it.  “Okay, Leahy, we are doing this for real.”
, Cas,” Sam says, relieved.
Cas fails completely and spectacularly to comprehend why Dean has concerns about this; it’s a very logical plan that protects more civilians from harm and should allow them to kill the creature that’s been slaughtering Keeley Forest residents with no intentions of stopping any time soon. He has heard Dean say several times in the past that hindsight’s a bitch, and this is a saying he remembers as soon as Sam continues speaking as though Dean hadn’t cut in at all.
like that.
,” he says, but makes absolutely no move to get up.
“It’s true,” Cas continues quickly, not wanting to lose Dean’s undivided – albeit thoroughly confused – attention. “Their back legs work somewhat like springs; the muscles shorten to transfer energy to the tendons before they quickly recoil, allowing the frog to launch itself great distances. It’s very impressive, and there are many videos online if you wanted to look at them, although, I must say, it’s far more fascinating to watch in person.”
“Shit. In a prayer?”
Sam runs towards the vastamare, stake raised to attack. He meets the vastamare and takes a swing at it, but it ducks out of the way and forces Sam backwards.
Cas squeezes his eyes shut, pressing back into the wall as far as he can and focusing his attention on breathing through the words that lurch to the tip of his tongue.
Groaning, Dean stands up. Cas hears one of his knees click from across the room as he starts walking towards the door, and Cas makes to follow him.
“I’ll wait out here.” Dean flops onto a small couch outside the changing rooms, gesturing to an empty one for Cas to enter.
Dean scans for the source of the noise, his hands trailing down Cas’ cheeks so his fingertips rest on his jaw. His eyes land on the bedside table and its tall, definitely-lit-a-few-moments-ago lamp.
“Feeling and wanting,” Cas tells him again, “are two very different things, Dean. I need you to tell me again.”
Cas frowns. “You’ve…read…Shakespeare?”
“Yes, actually. I’m fairly certain what we’re dealing with is a vastamare”
“Cas,” Sam calls, “is that working?”
“Frogs.”
love you?”
He nibbles at a fry and almost spits it back out again. The feeling of eating human food as an angel is, unfortunately, highly unpleasant, as it’s impossible to eat anything without tasting every single molecule that makes it up. Cas has tried countless times to explain the experience to Sam and Dean in terms they might understand, but is yet to find the words to do the intensely disgusting experience justice. He misses how food tasted when he was human, when he could live in ignorant bliss of what made up whatever was in his mouth and just focus on its taste. He cautiously tries a breadstick but finds it’s only slightly more bearable than the fries.
“Jason Harris is boring!” Marcus roars, voice splintering as he leans in towards Cara. “
Officer Sanchez grins at them widely from the entrance to the alley, eyes darker and fiercer than they had been before. He stood as he had done when he was on duty, arms behind his back, chin up with the same air of superiority, stance wide and ready for a fight.
Back in the motel room, Sam begins the mixing process, complaining bitterly about having to use duck’s blood even after Cas explains that it’s actually quite a common spell ingredient since ducks are a traditional symbol of marital happiness, so it makes perfect sense as an ingredient in the weapon that can kill a vastamare.
“Yeah, Cas,” Sam says with a sympathetic smile, “we know it doesn’t come naturally to you. Don’t let what that officer said bum you out, you’ll get there one day.”
“Well, gang, looks like we’ve got another mystery on our hands,” Dean says with a sigh. “All right, I’m pretty sure it’s my turn to pick a tape, now you’ve had your Billy Joel moment. It’s time for some
the words he isn’t saying echoing into the air around him, and that certainly doesn’t make it any easier to keep them in.
“Sorry.” Cas tries not to laugh at Dean’s expression.
“In the end, however, it didn’t really matter. We were attacked by a woman – well, we thought she was just a woman – and she performed a curse on those two angels. We killed her, of course, but we were too late; the angels she had cursed were already dead. It was…unpleasant, to say the least. I suppose that means vastamares can disguise themselves as humans. Up until now, I had believed her to be a witch.”
the speed limit, Jerry! You’re gonna fuck up my brakes if you keep pushing them all the time!”
“Cas, please, I – I don’t know how I’m supposed to talk about this. I don’t think I can say it right, not again. You heard me.”
“Is that so? I love that you sing to yourself when you don’t think anyone can hear you!”
“Yeah, exactly.” Sam grins. “So, this creature – the vastamare – it comes from old Roman mythology, hence the Latin, and it’s said to be born from couples in loveless relationships that get cursed by Ultio, the Roman goddess of vengeance. That curse essentially turns the kid that couple has into a vastamare before it’s born, and it becomes set on killing lovers who have these big, ugly secrets as a form of revenge against the existence of deceit in that relationship.”
It isn’t long before Dean pulls up opposite a small house that’s blocked off with yellow tape and surrounded by people, most of whom are milling around anxiously. Dean turns off the engine and, with it, the music, before passing out the fake FBI IDs.
Cas turns to take in the bar again. It isn’t very well-lit on the outside, save from the small bulbs illuminating the sign on the roof, but he can see a warm, inviting light flooding through the windows. Just off to one side, there is a narrow, shadowed alley that Sam had spotted earlier, which seems to connect directly to the thick woodland around them. There’s a garbage bin down there; he thinks Sam will find that a suitable place to hide the large wooden stake they need to kill the vastamare.
“Sure thing.” Sam stands up. “I’ll run to the Gas-n-Sip down the street, grab something we can microwave to eat when we get back from killing this thing. You guys can get changed while I’m out.”
With a sigh, Cas looks at himself in the mirror. He twists and turns, trying to find an angle that he thinks makes the new outfit look better on him than it feels. This turns out to be a difficult task now he isn’t being fixed with an awestruck expression from Dean; without that, he struggles to feel like it suits him at all.
concerned rather than
“Sam” –Dean has to clear his throat– “Sam’s sat at a table behind you. I’ll keep an eye on him, let you know when he heads out.” He retracts his hand from Cas’ knee and takes a long swig of his beer.
The look Dean gives him is heavy and hopeless. Cas watches him intently.
Cas’ head whips to Dean, trying to convey his panic through a look, but Dean keeps his eyes on Maia.
When Dean doesn’t react, Cas considers healing him, anyway, since he’s apparently too proud to admit he needs it, but Cas doesn’t like to use his grace to heal larger injuries without permission, unless the person in question isn’t conscious enough to give it. Cas is unsure whether Dean’s resistance is to being healed by grace, by Cas, or just being healed at all (because Dean is like that, sometimes, however infuriating Cas may find it), so he waits, hoping for some elaboration. He gets none.
Dean heaves an overdramatic sigh before bending down to roll up the ankles of his jeans. “There. You happy now?”
“What the fuck was that, Cas? She was makin’ that so easy for you.”
Thankfully, after several minutes, Sam speaks up, voice low with frustration. “I don’t get it, that circle trap was meant to work, but it didn’t seem like it affected the vastamare at all.”
concerned, Cas says, “Something’s still bothering you.” It isn’t a question.
“Not all gay guys wear crop tops, Dean,” Sam says with an eye roll. “Also, you’re going to a bar. I just mean little things, you know, to make your cover convincing–”
“Hey, Cas,” Sam cuts in, perhaps in a deliberate attempt to save him from Dean’s groans, “find out any new info online last night?”
Cas, struck with a sudden idea, pokes Dean’s shoulder. When Dean looks at him quizzically, he points to the bartender and Dean nods.
“Hey, Cas, tell Sam that thing you told me about frogs last night.”
trust the expression that currently paints his best friend’s face with all the warmth and radiance of the damn sun. They’re both about to die - whether that’s to Billie or to whatever this weird black goop is - so Dean isn’t sure what exactly Cas has got to be smiling about.
Dean’s face flushes red as he turns to walk after Sam.
“Man, I love fucking with hunters! You guys are gonna be so much fun.” It winks a glowing green eye at them. “Catch me if you can!”
That awful smell is back, stronger than it had been in the kitchen, of corpses mixed with flowers.
Dean finally looks at Cas, grinning like a cat that had just brought his owner a dead bird. Completely at a loss for what to say or do, Cas trains his eyes on the wall just to the side of the waitress, hoping desperately for this whole thing to end so he can figure out how to breathe again.
Dean swings open the door and walks out. Cas follows obediently.
“I just – Cas, I don’t really know how to do–” he gestures incoherently “–
– never mind.”
Oh. Brilliant.
With an amused breath, Cas leans forward to bump his forehead against Dean’s and, suddenly, Dean has nothing else to say. Nothing except that one fucking thing he’s been putting off for so long, that birdsong, that open door, that death sentence, the end of his piece that he’s been selfishly and stupidly trying to avoid as though that’ll delay the inevitable. He feels like he’s halfway up a mountain he knows he’ll never get to make it down. Ah, well. May as well try to reach the top, anyway.
time, all over each other like that.”
The sheriff sighs, her curled hair bouncing as her shoulders sag. “They were good people. Take as long as you need, Agents.”
“Right. We want to avoid any more civilians getting killed, obviously, so we could come back here later and try and find the thing before it gets anyone. We know what it looks like; how hard is it to spot a shadow with green eyes?”
“I got four hours,” Dean grumbles sleepily. “I’m awake. I need a damn coffee.”
Cas takes a steadying breath and raises his free hand to make air quotes. “’
“I don’t know how the hell you listen to this stuff, Cas.”
-scared about this development, and Dean really,
“I – yeah.” Dean sighs. “Nothing.”
Dean laughs, hearty and genuine, and Cas almost has to look away because of how
“Very.” Cas nods. “Do you know what happened to them?”
thank you so much for reading, i really appreciate it! i hope you enjoyed <3
“Seven. All in the past year.”
After a few moments of stunned silence, Cas realises he can breathe a little easier now the creature has departed. He carefully peels himself off of the wall. He can still feel the curse thrumming in his head, but it doesn’t feel like it’s trying to eat through his brain anymore, which is nice.
?” Sam splutters. “At least I’m not clogging my arteries.”
“It does, Dean, there was an article online that told me so!” Cas yells, pointing a finger at Dean. “I also love that you pretend not to like Billy Joel’s music because you’re too proud to admit that you do!”
“What else does it say?” Cas asks.
“Don’t call the dead people ‘beasts’, Dean,” Cas says, with air quotes and a squint.
to me?”
Cas nods. He’ll be fine. He trusts Dean to get him out safely, and he trusts himself to maintain control over the words pounding against his skull.
“There were quite a few people outside.” Cas frowns. “Dean, I’m perfectly capable of-”
“Dean,” Cas says, sudden and soft.
Cas takes a step towards Dean, still yelling at the top of his voice. “I love that being around you makes me feel safe!”
Dean breathes out a laugh. “God, we’re so damn stupid, aren’t we?”
“We’re not…” Dean seems to be having a hard time processing, “this isn’t…we aren’t together.”
“Of course.”
“No thanks, I don’t eat,” Cas says sincerely. Then, he remembers another piece of Dean’s advice from several weeks ago: that it’s important to be extra polite to waitstaff. He gives the waitress a smile three full seconds after he finishes speaking.
Cas doesn’t have time to mentally unpack what Dean could possibly have against wearing crop tops, as he suddenly finds himself busy imagining him wearing one. It would definitely suit him.
Dean eyes the coffee pot, eyebrow raised, as Cas digs around in the first aid kit for some cotton balls. He dips some in the warm water before holding it up to Dean’s arm.
Sam raises his eyebrows. “Speaking of your date, actually, Cas, do you have a change of clothes?”
Pausing his scroll through news headlines, Cas lets out a puzzled hum.
Dean turns to look at him, sighs, says, “Yeah, all right,” and then grabs Cas’ hand. He shoots Cas a smile that doesn’t reach his eyes.
wow sam really was the mvp on that case, huh?
“Break the bond between cursed lovers and death,” Cas cuts in. “That makes sense.”
With a breathy laugh, Dean continues to look anywhere but at Cas. “Yeah, I know that, buddy, I just mean…forget it. Look, I already said what I had to say, too, right? I don’t know how to say it again.”
Cara raises the bottle and screams along with her husband as she plunges the jagged end into his chest, feeling it tear through his flesh and grind against bone. She rips the bottle back out, just to punch it straight back into him. And then again. And again. And again. At some point, Marcus stops screaming and goes limp, flopping to the ground as a pool of rich, red blood forms around him. Cara keeps screaming, keeps rapidly hacking at Marcus with the broken bottle.
