“Hey, your face is red. Are you catching a cold?” Steve asked, worried blue eyes scanning the brunet’s blushing face. He brought one hand up to gently brush Tony’s face, completely oblivious to the fact that the other man was close to spontaneous combustion.
Steve lifted Tony’s chin with the crook of his index finger so that scared brown eyes met reassuring blue ones. “You don’t have to be embarrassed. I’ll always be here to chase your demons away,”
Steve’s “babysitter protocol”, as the Avengers coined it, started out as a simple solution to Tony’s bad eating habits.
He felt coldness seep through his veins as the Captain raised his shield. The emotional pain he felt as the blond brought his shield down on his chest, deactivating his arc reactor, completely eclipsed the physical pain. Steve knew, didn’t he? He knew how reliant Tony was on the arc reactor to keep his anxieties at bay. He knew how important it was to Tony that the blue light remains lit. He knew that Tony still needed it, to reassure himself that he was still here, that he was still alive. Sometimes, he thought that Steve took solace in it too, when they fought side by side in battle. He had never been so wrong.
“I’m sure Earth can survive without its mightiest protector for a minute. I know I can’t.” Steve whispered against Tony’s lips.
“Ow, that hurts,” Tony whined, eliciting a chuckle from the Captain.
“Those are simply rumours, my dear Captain. You yourself know that they can’t be trusted, unless I am to believe you have inappropriate relations with Lady Carter,” Thor pat Steve’s back reassuringly, shooting him a friendly smile.
“Sweet-talker.” Steve smirked, brushing his nose against Tony’s.
“I do? Why didn’t you tell me earlier?” Tony swiveled his chair around and spotted Bruce smiling sheepishly from the doorway. “Dinner’s ready, Tony. Steve made sandwiches and he asked me to call you up. He’s worried you haven’t eaten since our last meal 2 days ago.”
“Well, then it’s time to find out. Better me than her right?”
“I’m 100% serious, Stark. I wouldn’t trade you, I wouldn’t trade
“Captain, the robot has been neutralized. It seems my lightning has managed to fry its circuits.”
“It’s okay, I got this from here,” Steve shot them an apologetic smile as Tony whooped triumphantly behind him.
“Okay..” Bruce answered unsurely, exiting the workshop.
“Wait Tony, what do you mean what you saw? What did you see?”
“Can one man really be worth the fate of the entire universe?” He joked.
“It was worth it,” Steve answered, squeezing Tony’s hand. “And I definitely wouldn’t regret it if you agree to be my Valentine?”
“I didn’t punch him for no reason, Tony. He was spouting all these mean things about you that weren’t true, and I couldn’t take it anymore. He isn’t that good at football either. I bet you would be twice the player he was.“
"You took my fucking can you goddamn cunt!" Clint hissed, approaching the brunette.
"This is why I survived the ice, this is why you survived Afghanistan, you're why I never gave up on life." Steve broke their stare to sweep his gaze over the compound, lit up by a few lights here and there. "Everything happens for a reason, right?" He said, his mind traveling back through the years, revisiting every memory he had of his lover, good, or bad.
Tony struggled free of the soldier's grip.
"Tony!" He howled, "Do not look like Smokey Bear!"
"Okay sweetheart," he replied. "So like, I dare you to go to the kitchen and make me a malt, while ya go, take Sam with before you lose your shit and stain my couches white." He added, seeing the annoyance in the soldiers' eyes.
Tony's side, much more sophisticated and fancy, almost an exact replica of his room back in Malibu. Everything was top-notch, from his Jarvis-controlled smart closet, dresser, fridge, you name it, Tony had it. The only thing Steve and Tony had in common was their pictures of each other. Tony reached for his Yeti bottle of water, with Steve's shield on the front, and took a sip.
"Ms. Wanda?" Peter asked, no longer hesitant or uncomfortable with anyone, but still dreadful with names, "If you and the Vision get in a fight or he gets injured, do you soak him in rice to fix him? Tony downright squawked at the outrage on Wanda's face.
"Could be worse Rhodes." He replied with a smile. Steve was conflicted between being incredibly turned on and incredibly uncomfortable as Tony traced his fingers over his super soldier abs. "Hand me a piece of toast, Steve?" he asked, with innocent eyes layered with bad intentions.
"I'd be lost without you...You make me feel like I belong..have a purpose in life other than being Captain America." He thought, apparently he said it out loud though, as Tony, for once, was unable to meet Steve's eyes, a red hue covering his cheeks.
Steve finally settled down into his chair, and gave Tony a sappy kiss on the cheek as the ham roast was set down in front of them. The brunette let out a small moan, but it was unclear whether it was caused by the mouth watering smell of the ham, or Steve's soft lips against his skin.
He suddenly lunged forward, pieces of popcorn scattering in every direction. Tony raised an eyebrow as Steve rubbed his face with his free hand, mouth ajar. He looked down at Tony with the most adorable concerned look Tony had ever seen.
"Shut up and get in the damn car." Steve exclaimed, silencing Tony with an aggressive kiss, pulling him into his chest. Once he had the genius's attention, he shoved him into the car.
Steve's eyes widened as the first video appeared on the screen, and it was him, wrapped in American Flag..and nothing else.
"God bless the American country!" Thor boomed delightedly, "That was splendid!" Loki groaned and rolled his eyes so hard Tony thought they might go into the back of his head.
"Happy!" He yelled, opening the door himself, "You bastard you knew...You took the fucking shortcut you cunt!" Happy beamed with pride, loving that he was absolutely untouchable, since he was a SI employee and under Pepper's mercy, not Tony's. Tony, however, got a few more colorful phrases out before Steve had enough and drug him inside.
Steve raised a golden eyebrow as he swallowed the last piece of sandwich.
There was once a time where Tony merely dreamt of moments like this with the man he loved, a time where Steve would do the exact same thing, wondering if he'd every be good enough in Tony's eyes, nothing more than a soldier out of time, Tony debating whether Steve would ever consider Tony as anything other than a teammate, but as they sat in the pool, they came to a unanimous realization;
The room was gigantic, the colors of Iron Man and Captain America mixed together in an unusual harmonic bliss. Tony and Steve each had customized their half of the room, Steve's filled with art supplies and a desk. A small book shelf sat to the right of the desk, and in between his nightstand and the shelf was the sliding door to his walk-in closet, that usually remained unused and decorated with all sorts of fancy clothing he never wore. Steve had a small, brown dresser that held all his sweatpants and T-shirts or tanktops that were a little too tight, but no one, especially Tony, ever complained. His shield rested on top of the dresser along with some war memorabilia. Pictures of the Howling Commandos, Avengers, and Tony and Steve hung on the colorful walls. Steve had his own private bathroom as well as fridge and freezer, which Tony knew was necessary when he met the man with 4x the metabolism of a regular guy.
"Easy Soldier!" Tony choked as Steve reached for another napkin. "How much jelly did you spill?" Steve shrugged,
And while May can't take her eyes off Thor, Peter decides to spread his wisdom and helpful tips about their fellow Avengers to the team.
"You didn't answer the question bud," he pointed out, as Tony gave Steve sad puppy eyes.
"Even Tony and Steve are behaving, which is really quite impressive by the way, good job you two- hands off!"
Steve was unaware how long they spent looking at each other, twisting their rings absentmindedly. He watched the sun set in Tony's eyes, and the first stars of dusk scatter across the sky.
"Dinner is at 7, Peter." Bruce said, walking up to him. "I'm sorry you have to witness that. They've been much worse, but how about we go down to my lab and try some new stuff I've been working on out?" Peter nodded enthusiastically and followed him down to his lab.
"They're copying me." Tony hissed, as they passed the two. Steve shook his head, knowing only Tony Stark of all people would come to that conclusion.
"I think that's a good idea." he laughed, as they walked out and into the elevator.
"Did Rhodey leave?" Tony asked, his voice rough and tired. Steve set him down on the big L couch, nodding.
"I'm shocked at you two." Wanda scolded, flicking the two apart with a scoff.
Tony let out a whine of protest, sliding off Steve's lap with a severe eye roll.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony lay silently on Steve's chest, hand intertwined with Steve's. As Wanda spoke his eyes narrowed, and he sat up in protest.
"Mr. Stark, it's 9:30, I was just wondering when breakfast would be." He said, looking around. No one except Steve and Tony had been in their massive- (now joint) room. It was like a scene from a movie, Peter thought in awe.
"You're fine, kid. But you might walk into something you don't wanna see, so I'd recommend knocking first." Tony replied, suppressing his laughter as both Steve and Peter turned pink. "We'll get up soon.." he promised, waving his hand in dismissal. The kid beamed and walked out.
"Congratulations!" a dozen voices- excluding Peter's because he could NOT keep a secret for the life of him- shouted as they walked into the room shouted. Bottles of champagne popped one after the other, red, gold, white, and blue confetti exploding over Tony and Steve's heads. Peter batted at it absentmindedly. The teenager looked around in confusion before his small eyes came to rest on the extremely incredible costumed ring decorating Tony's left hand.
Bucky, who was busy playing with Sam's face and whispering abnormally explicit things to his boyfriend, looked up in annoyance.
"Don't think that's possible," he replied, reaching over the arm rest and giving Steve a light punch with his metal arm.
"Game." Steve said. He went to sit down but missed the couch completely and landed on the floor with a loud "thud."
"But Steeeve." He whined, giving his fiance his best pout. Steve rolled his eyes, but a smile betrayed his attempt at being annoyed.
"Tony?" Steve hummed, prodding the snoring genius awake. He looked over his shoulder at the blonde with a look of utmost hatred in his eyes.
"What?" he asked, trying not to get lost in his deep blue eyes.
"You're going to leave me for Iron Man!" Tony wailed. Vision, who obviously could not get drunk and was somewhat overwhelmed at being surrounded by his completely hammered team, gave him a questioning look.
"I'd like to let all of you know he punched me the second I put him down in our room!" Bucky declared, earning a grunt of disapproval from Sam. They argued not-so-quietly over who did and said what as the slideshow continued.
He handed a bottle that could have very well belonged to some sort of witch in the 1800's to Steve, no doubt one of the special celebration Drinks Thor brought with on his recent visit to Earth. Tony somehow managed to produce a 6 pack of 6 different kinds of beer.
"Let them wait."
"We need to get up...Everyone's waiting for us, clearly." He ran his finger over Tony's lip and gave him a small smirk.
"It's your favorite restaurant, money is irrelevant." He shrugged, walking through the front doors. He picked out a table for two by the window, to watch the snow begin to fall again.
"You're to do whatever I please, yes?" Tony nodded, putting on a hideous face. "Marvelous." He looked down at Tony disapprovingly. "It's your turn, in case you forgot." he huffed.
The cover to the pool slid back, Tony sitting down on a nearby chair to remove his remaining shirt, pants and socks, gesturing for Steve to do the same. The air was bitter and cold, yet Tony, who always complained about the temperature- was already half undressed,
"You got it comin' Stark." she promised, pointing a finger at what she thought was him, she didn't really know at this point she was seeing triple. He offered her a cheeky smile before giving May an expectant look.
"Because I've been thinking about this since the day I met your stubborn ass. Anthony Edward Stark," he began, trying to keep his voice from trembling as Tony, who was mid sip of Scotch-(that he somehow managed to get a hold of despite Steve's efforts) nearly choked. "Will you marry me?"
"You're ridiculous, unnecessarily stubborn, a complete smart ass, and way too over the top Anthony Stark." Steve hissed when Tony declared the entree he picked was "kind of iffy." Tony grinned ear to ear.
"Breakfast?" Tony offered, an eyebrow standing up ever so slightly as his stomach let out a rumble.
The brunette leaned back a little, resting his weight on Steve's chest. "Thank you, Steve." He murmured, bringing their free hands together. The Captain was unable to hold back a smile as he rested his chin on Tony's wild bed-head curls. He said nothing, as there was nothing that needed to be said. They separated into their bathrooms, Steve not doing anything more than some cologne, deodorant, and a quick brush. Tony, on the other hand, took nearly fifteen minutes to perfect his look, and walked out after what Steve felt was an eternity, a confident smile resting on his lips.
"Captain Rodgers informed me before you entered the restaurant." He replied, a rare genuine smile at the sight of his boss finally getting the happiness he deserved. Happy had watched Tony grow from an immature 21-year old to an international hero with genuine morals and one man instead of all the people in the world.
"Happy. What a surprise!" Tony exclaimed, walking out to see his former body guard waiting with a car. Happy smiled, giving Steve an almost unnoticeable nod.  He opened the door for him and closed it behind Steve, whose face gave away nothing. "Where to?" Tony tried, keeping his tone casual.
Figuring any arguing would just make him more persistent, Steve let Tony have his torturous handle on him for the remainder of breakfast, though there were many times where Steve almost choked on his orange juice or sausage when Tony got particularly handsy, the brunette sporting a smug smirk and making small talk with the team.
"Friday what's the time?" he asked, walking into the kitchen. Steve sat at one of the main peninsulas, eating a peanut butter and jelly sandwich. He smiled, face full of food, and a little jelly, as he walked in.
He gently nudged Tony, who lay watching Captain America with loving eyes. The true love between two people who are utmost opposites made him smile. Tony sat up slowly, and his eyes shifted from Steve to Peter, who walked in with a yawn that was cancelled the second he saw the scene before him.
"Tony it's 4:48. Let's not push our luck, here." Steve insisted, pushing open the door with his arm that wasn't attached to his brunette. "We're here!" Steve grunted, dragging Tony to the living room.
"Tony, if you ever say that again I'm going to retract my proposal." he groaned. Tony let out a small laugh before grabbing his fiancee's biceps eagerly, pressing another kiss to Steve's lips before he could start talking again.
Steve stumbled up to their room, finding Tony a comfy shirt and helping him out of his fancy dress shirt and pants.
"If everyone would meet back in the ground level living room at 5:00 tonight, it would be much obliged." Vision said, pulling Wanda's chair out for her. Tony returned to find a mostly empty table. He looked around absentmindedly before turning his dark eyes back to Steve.
"No." Steve said firmly, knowing exactly what Tony wanted as he traced a finger over the waistline of his boxers. "Come on Stark. Up you go. Get dressed." Tony surrendered with a sigh and got out of the bed reluctantly, ordering Jarvis to find him a good outfit while Steve made them coffee. He couldn't help but smile at the way Steve sometimes struggled with pressing the right button or changing the setting.
By the time dinner was done and the dishes were washed, Tony was so full sex wasn't an option for at least 4 hours, maybe 5...A particular piece of meat hadn't gone down well. Steve put the last plate in the cabinet, looking at Tony, who was sitting at the island in the middle of the kitchen, head down and groaning.
"Hit me big guy." He declared, taking his weight off Clint, who was half asleep.
Steve, who had been unconsciously gripping his boyfriend's arm released his hand immediately.
Steve sighed, but he was smiling, so Tony knew he had won.
He sat in the kitchen, eating a flat sandwich that looked like it had just been crushed by a semi truck. Nothing out of the ordinary was happening until a large spider crawled up onto the table. In all the times Steve had seen Peter move, he hadn't ever seen him move that fast. Within a second, Peter was on the ceiling, sandwich in mouth.
"Mr. Stark, aren't you Iron Man?" He pondered, wondering how Tony could forget such a thing. Tony looked at him in awe as if he was being told forbidden knowledge.
"Tony. Have idea." Steve mumbled. The brunette narrowed his eyes curiously. He pushed the smaller man aside and stood up.
"Didn't..Wasn't me.." he mumbled through stuffed cheeks, inching the can closer to himself.
"Sweetheart, it's a movie. No-stop looking at me like that. Just watch the movie, Steve. He's not real, Steve. I promise you it's going to be okay-no. Steve that's not how movies work, you can't..Steve no you can't do that. Yes. YES for fuck's sake I promise the ending is happy jesus fucking christ babe, stop looking at me like tha-Yes, I love you too. Watch the damn movie Rogers!" Tony wasn't aware he had sat up until he sank back into the pillow resting against the armrest with a loud sigh.
"Don't worry Capsicle, no one will ever see this other than me, as long as your star spangled American ass is alive! Scouts honor!" He added sarcastically. Steve looked at the ground, a gorgeous smile and blush spreading across his face. He replaced the look with comedic concentration, wrapping the flag tightly around his perfect, very naked body, he close his eyes.
"Huh?" he murmured, looking around at the team.
Tony looked over at him, not saying a word, afterall none were needed at this point. Tony could stare at Steve for the rest of his life and not get bored.
"That's my boy!" He yelled, clapping wildly as Vision looked at Wanda in confusion. This time tears rolled down Tony's cheeks as he shook with laughter into Steve's chest.
Steve considered his words for a second before replying,
"What time's it?" Steve rumbled.
Steve raised another eyebrow but said nothing as they cheered to the holiday season.
"Dinner's right here.." Tony murmured, burying his face in Steve's chest. Steve looked at his hands and began to count his fingers carefully.
Peter started petting the bird, unaware it was Loki. The crow narrowed its eyes and with a flash Loki appeared, jaw clenched and looking down at a terrified Peter Parker crossly.
"Stark." Nat said, the second she sat down.
He walked into the kitchen, opening the fridge looking for what Tony could only guess was some sort of cookie, since that was 90% of his diet, and he let out a cry of anguish and fell to his knees punching the air angrily. He got up and began to stomp around the kitchen, kicking over chairs and pouting as if he was no older than 6. The camera cut to him walking into the living room, still visibly radiating fury.
"Everyone here?" Steve asked, his voice loud so that the recipients at the other end of the extended table could hear. Choruses of "Yes" echoed back.
"You and I are taking the big couch in the back because I'm not fucking done with you." Steve hissed, gripping his arm tightly. Tony made a poor effort to protest, but gave up quickly as Steve practically threw him down on the white leather couch. "Thank god we don't have pets." He sighed, momentarily coming out of his Dom mode.
She turned her slightly blurred focus to Tony.
"I was," He admitted, scratching the back of his head, "But watching your reactions to the movie was enough to revive my energy." Steve rolled his eyes, his lips pursed in the way Tony loved.
"If your goal was to squeeze me to death, you almost succeeded." Tony squeaked, wriggling out of Steve's death grip once more. He tried to look stern, but a grin betrayed him. It was Steve's turn to smile, looking down at the man he knew he'd loved since day one.
Despite all the snow and 30 degree weather, Tony's heart was warm as he looked out over the yard at the rising sun, which cast shadows over every object, and made the snow glitter in a way that made Tony breathless.
"Darling," he said, sitting up on Steve's lap, "If you wanted me to build you a castle, all you have to do is ask." His eyes glistened with curiosity but he said nothing more.
He found himself distracted by the sight of his work, now home, covered in such beauty. He wondered what he had deserved to find such a perfect family, but brushed off the thought quickly as Steve tapped his shoulder lightly, holding his coffee with a sleepy smile. Steve, the Avenger who always seemed to go overboard on things, chose the world's tightest Christmas sweater, red and green holiday patterns lacing the thin fabric with intricate patterns that rose in small waves where Steve's muscles rippled underneath.
"What're we doin Steve?" Tony asked.
Thor decided to wear the Red, Green, and Gold version of his usual armor, which he insisted was perfectly comfortable and didn't need any Midgard clothes. Loki, on the other hand, looked almost human, if it wasn't for his abnormally bright eyes and the fact he was currently a large crow, holding a knife that was covered in peanut butter. Thor said Loki's outfit was quite handsome but was protesting because they refused to serve breakfast until Tony and Steve arrived. He let out a loud "Caw!" when he saw them walk in.
"I love you Steve." Tony murmured, taking Steve's hand in his.
"See this," Steve said, gesturing to all of it. Tony leaned into him and nodded, "This is our home. Our family. Our lives." Steve said, wrapping an arm around him tightly.
"Yeah...I do. Ready to order?" he asked, watching Tony put down the menu. He nodded, his stomach letting out a loud rumble. The waiter returned and wrote down their orders, asking if they needed anything.
"Fuck you Rodgers of course I will." He cried, burying his head in his fiancee's chest. Steve's voice shook a little bit as he stood up, the billionaire still in his arms.
"I'm afraid you're not allowed that information." Happy replied. "Steve, keep him busy." He added, knowing Tony would do nothing but peer out the window in anticipation unless something distracted him. While Steve had a lot of options once Happy rolled up the screen separating the two of them from his sights, he opted for the more gentle approach. Tony always worked extremely hard, sometimes for days on end to make sure the team was at their best in every way they could be, and Steve reckoned he should try and repay the favor.
"Sorry, Stark...anything on it?" he reached for the dwindling pile of toast that Bucky was guarding and snatched a piece. Tony thought for a moment, slowly removing his hand from underneath the table before asking for some grape jelly.
'I could have sworn this took 45 minutes on the way there...Happy you absolute ass.'
"Steve, we live a very public life, fortunate to not have to worry about food on the table, with the gift of being able to buy new things whenever we please. I know your upbringing was very different and you're still, obviously, not fully used to all the spotlight you get nowadays with the media and all their shit, but that's all it is, Steve. Shit. So many people sitting at home or trying to get a couple hundred likes on Instagram by dragging people like us down in whatever way they can. It sucks sometimes, it does, but it's important to remember to not let them get to us. As Peter would say, 'Flex on them haters.'"
"What, no more love sweetheart?" He asked, returning to his place next to a very sad looking Steve. "Truth or Dare Ste...America?" Tony murmured, hugging the super soldier tightly.
"Tony please." Steve cried, sobbing into the brunette's shoulder. "Don't leave me, I'm sorry."
"That's rude. That's so fucking rude, fuck you Rodgers." Tony groaned, grabbing his hair in frustration.
Steve was wheezing at something Tony had said, but reached up and grabbed Peter's arm, narrowing his eyes in a drunk concern.
"He's pretty good at that." Rhodey whispered to Tony, who nodded, eyes fixed on his beautiful blonde speaking.
Steve just grinned, as Tony fell onto him, whispering something into his ear. Steve started laughing again, but managed to get the name of the game out before he collapsed onto Tony.
"Punk." Bucky murmured to Steve.
Bucky sat on a white chair, Sam on the armrest, adjusting a piece of his metal arm carefully. It was somewhat rare to see the two show each other any form of affection, they spent most of their days arguing about dumb things or scaring one another. Occasionally one would walk in a room to find a bare-assed Bucky manhandling Sam over a table or armrest, sometimes the white grand piano that sat in the center of the entry hall. The two wore matching dress shirts, a dark forest green paired with the very common black pants.
The Avengers' table was just barely big enough to fill their bellies, Thor had lost some weight when he had to go from eating tables by himself to a much smaller portion.
He brought his hands together and took another step towards Bucky, an eyebrow raised in silent question.
"Steve!" He yelled excitedly, "I'm Iron Man!"
"Come here," He said, softly. Tony raised an eyebrow, his mind clearly going in one direction. "Just relax Tony." Steve sighed. He adjusted himself so Tony could lay comfortably on his stomach, head resting on Steve's chest. Steve gently massaged his back, tracing intricate patterns on his worn muscles through the red sweater. He used the other hand to lightly ruffle Tony's hair, something he knew the brunette would never admit to liking, but his sigh of contempt gave away his happiness. He wrapped an arm around Steve in a silent thanks, Steve knew not what it was for, he deserved to be treated like this everyday, Steve thought. He continued to lightly rub Tony's back until he fell asleep.
The screen switched as the next video appeared on screen, this time it was Clint who was the main feature, caught by the cameras that no one saw but apparently were there...
"You ever read the Great Gatsby?" Steve asked, his face immediately turning red.
"I love you don't leave me!" He laughed, lightly massaging Tony's back. Tony mumbled something into Steve's chest, giving him a light pat on the back.
"When Captain America sneezes, do you guys say 'God bless America?'" He asked, trying incredibly hard to keep a straight face. He bit his lip for not coming up with that myself.
"Evidently, he's not done with you." Loki observed, raising a dark eyebrow curiously. Steve let out an exasperated sigh as Bucky disappeared from his chair, Sam in hot pursuit.
As Steve repeated Tony's words, he couldn't help but think that everything they'd gone through together, every fight, every make-up, he wouldn't trade any of it. He let the tears fall, no longer because he was scared Tony wouldn't accept him into his arms again, no longer because he was alone and afraid in this world, he had everything he could possibly want, staring back at him with more love than he ever would've imagined possible.
'Of course this is what Tony comes up with.' Steve thinks, pulling his sweater and undershirt off in one swift tug. He takes a bit more care with the pants Tony insisted he wear specifically on this day, folding them neatly over the armrest, his socks laid on his pants.
The Avengers spend Christmas Eve looking back at all of that year's best memories and most embarrassing moments, eating way too much, and Tony doesn't want to wait until Christmas day to open his presents, because he always gets what he wants.
"What the?!"  a small voice and Steve exclaimed at the same time. Steve looked up to see Peter standing on the ceiling scrolling through what he guessed was Instagram, on his phone. His exclamation turned to a stuttered apology as he flipped down. Tony started wheezing as he saw Cap's look of confusion and wonder. May stifled a smile as she looked over from her place next to Thor, the only one who managed to go more overboard than Steve.
"Sure kid." Tony grunted, helping May haul her enormous suitcase into the compound.
"I'm going to ask you one more time." She hissed. "Did you eat the last blueberry muffin that was on my plate?" Clint snapped his focus back to her angry expression.
"Aaavengers! Assssemble!" He shouted, almost tripping over his own feet.
"Home." He agreed, a surge of happiness rushing through him. This was what made everything worth it, all the suffering, the exhaustion, the occasional yelling and fighting. Moments like these made him sure that this was where they were meant to be.
He picked up Tony with little effort, unsurprised but unfazed as he gave a small grunt of protest.
"I am righteous. I protect America. Steeeve, you just need a hat..protect fire too.." Tony said in his best Cap impression. He trailed off, lost in thought, as Steve clenched his fists in an angry pout.
"Yes dear what is it?" Tony managed, looking up at the concerned kid.
"What the fuck did I do to deserve being woken up on Christmas?" He cried, turning onto his stomach and burying his face in the pillow. Steve couldn't help but laugh as his lover pushed himself up into a sitting position and looked at him groggily. "What are you looking at?" He mumbled, reaching over to the night stand and taking a long drink of water.
While Tony got in dark places a lot, it was rare to see the man actually shed a tear. But here he was, a thin waterfall cascading down his cheeks as he got up and fell into Steve's arms.
"No snarky comment?" he asked, smoothly sliding the ring onto Tony's ring finger. The brunette shook his head, admiring the ring in awe.
"Mr. Rodgers?" Steve opened his eyes, looking through the window on the opposite side of the car at the doors of the restaurant.
The present Clint shot a harsh glare in the soldier's direction, who was too busy with Sam to notice.
"Without you there is no America." Steve said sweetly, as if that made any sense whatsoever. Tony accepted his answer and gave him a kiss, making the supersoldier's face turn a bright pink.
"Mr. Captain sir? Mr. Steve-er Steve?" Peter asked hesitantly as he approached Tony and Steve, who were sitting on one of the couches in the first floor living room.
Thanks for all the likes so far, this is super fun to write.
Peter, of course, was the next to end up on screen. Steve seemed content with Tony's answer, and turned to focus on the kid.
"Shut up Tony just let me love and take care of you at least until your stomach is back to normal." Steve huffed, his exasperated expression instantly turning to an involuntary grin as Tony wrapped his arms around him, burying his head in his chest. Steve scrunched his face as he felt a blush spread across his cheeks.
"I'd like dessert." The brunette whispered, leaning into his fiance and tugging at his belt in silent question. Steve turned to look at him, a blonde eyebrow arched in a reply that Tony was not happy about.
He carried Tony over to the ground room living room, where most of the Avengers lay scattered around.
Thor attempts to evade Loki's schemes and tries to get him to understand the meaning of the curious Midgardian holiday.
Thanks for the reads, comments and Kudos :)
Wanda wonders if some advice Peter gives her is true.
"What we dancin' to?" May asked, stumbling over to Natasha and offering the unstable assassin a hand. Steve jumped up, and cleared his throat.
"Tony shhh, be good," he laughed, sending them both into another fit of giggles.
"If you get mad at Vision could you just restart him?" Wanda started choking on her food and Vision, not understanding why she was laughing. He patted her back irrelevantly while Steve scolded Tony for laughing obnoxiously.
They huddled together under the warmth of the rising sun and watched as their teammates, their family, rather, went outside one by one to marvel at the beauty of the white covered castle grounds, their kid-like laughter and happy yells reaching Steve and Tony's ears.
"Wonder what time it is." he said, picking up his Starkphone Tony had given them after New York. He refused to let Tony make any upgrades, saying it was just fine the way it was, thank you very much. Tony had to bite back a remark about Steve getting his entire figure upgraded, and was extremely proud of himself for staying silent that day.
Bruce and Natasha finally get to relax..for a bit. Natasha learns she's not good at making gingerbread houses, or any sort of nice dessert.
"Well that was definitely a bold way to start off." Natasha said, somehow concealing laughter while Tony gave up beside Steve, laughing so hard he gripped his side in pain.
He grabbed Tony's impatient hand, bringing it to rest on the table, intertwining their fingers so Tony couldn't tempt him anymore. Tony did his best to keep his mind on thoughts strictly relating to food, well being and whatever else the others were talking about- GOD it wasn't fair that Steve was dressed so fucking gorgeous. He wanted to rip his clothes off right then and there.
Wanda, in a gorgeous red dress that accented her bright green eyes, sat talking to Vision as Tony embraced Rhodey, who had apparently gotten here when Steve and Tony were asleep. Clint and Natasha argued and even her best friend was unable to keep his eyes on her fierce face  the entire conversation as she glittered in a stunning, form-fitting gold V-neck dress. She stood legs apart hands down on the table glaring at him.
"Stop Steve! I got this let me go!" He yelled, stumbling over to Natasha.  He tried his best to give her a kiss, that Steve didn't even think made her lips, just half of her cheek to be honest, and almost fell on top of her. She jumped back to Bruce as Tony pulled away, the scientist wrapping his arm around her protectively.
"You're going to, yes, once a year- and no New Years doesn't count because if you aren't drunk off your ass you clearly didn't party hard enough- you're going to have a drink with me Steve because I think we've earned a break." He declared, reaching up and brushing the hair aside.
"Dude, aren't you basically a spider though?" Sam asked the teen, who had his face buried in a couch pillow. Peter looked up through narrowed eyes.
The Avengers play a game that Steve thinks will be fun...
"Dude back off I found these in the fridge labeled Avengers chill out." Bucky exclaimed, slamming the lid on the can, the metal bending under his metal grip.
Steve allowed himself to drift off, arms wrapped protectively around Tony. It seemed like no time at all had passed, when suddenly he felt Happy tapping gently on his door.
Tony doubled over, laughing harder than he had in years.
"Put on Home Alone." Tony insisted, batting at Steve weakly with one arm. "Steeeeve. Steve."
"...Sorry, Tony." He said sheepishly. Tony looked up at him, quite unimpressed.
"NO. Only Tony's." Steve declared, squeezing Tony so hard Sam thought he might break.
"Hey there sweet stuff, what can I get for you?" He asked, casually rubbing Loki's leg, as Steve, watching closely, turned fifty shades of red. Loki raised an eyebrow and thought about the question. He was the only one, other than Vision, who wasn't drunk, and had only a slight buzz.
Steve looked at the screenin sheer horror. He whipped around to look at Tony, whose lips were pressed into a thin line of "I'm trying not to laugh Steve, don't make it harder than it already is."
The raised eyebrow the brunet received for his comment had his face heating up, as Steve gently pushed him onto a seat and took out a first aid kit from the cabinet.
He felt so, so cold and he just wanted to see Steve, he needed to see Steve, but now he was spiraling and he could hardly get himself to breathe. He clutched at his chest looking for the familiar cool metal and began to hyperventilate when he didn’t find it.
“Star Trek Into Darkness. Bruce chose it,” Steve replied, nudging the brunet closer leaving nearly no space between them.
“I errr...” Tony started, “I don’t know how I’m going to say this...”
“Wait, you can’t be serious. You’re joking right?” Steve chuckled nervously. There was no way he was losing his husband because of a silly misunderstanding. “Tony, I wasn’t-“
“Is this like that last time you said you’ll be up but you never showed?” Bruce asked concerned. Steve was not the only avenger aware of Tony’s destructive habits.
Steve felt a pang of jealousy at the way Tony turned to look at Thor adoringly, desperately wishing it was him instead. As irrational as it was, Steve had wanted to be the one to save Tony.
Tony remained hesitant, his eyes running over every inch of Steve’s face, searching. For sincerity, for a lie, for something. Steve felt his heart squeeze at the thought that he made his partner feel this insecure.
“JUST LEAVE IT, STEVE.” Tony yelled, attracting the attention of the others in the battlefield. The laughter stopped, and heads turned to watch the Avenger’s two leaders in stunned silence. “I’ve had enough. I wish you the best in your future with Peggy.”
The door to the room opened and he jolted, turning around quickly. Speak of the devil. His smile only brightened when he saw his husband rush into the room, shutting the door behind him.
It was his most loathed dream again. It wasn’t even Afghanistan. It was seeing the death and destruction left by some cruel monster, but more importantly having Steve dying at his feet, taking his last breath in Tony’s own arms. The brunet bolted out of bed, he had to make sure Steve was okay, - only to crash heavily onto the floor. Panic filled his system as he struggled to get his foot untangled from his sheets.
“Well I couldn’t exactly leave when my husband thinks I don’t love him, could I? Not when you thought I was going to leave you for an old flame.”
“What is it, FRIDAY?”
Steve sighed, the screwdriver Tony dropped in his hand, his signature “I am not angry, just disappointed” look on his face. Damn, Tony hated that look.
Tony sighed.
“Idiots.”
“I’m glad Point Break over there jumped Hammer though. I probably would have broken a rib had he not been there.”
As he continued to watch her, he realised that her smile no longer elicited butterflies in his stomach, nor did it set his insides on fire. He definitely did not feel so indifferent before the ice. Instead, all he could think about was mahogany curls that belonged to someone else entirely, and a smile that burned as brightly as a thousand suns. The thought of the object of his affections put a soft smile on his face.
time travel. It’s just that I get a little stupid when it comes to you. After all these years, I still can't believe I landed
The smile Steve received was blinding, and he squeezed Tony’s hand tightly. “Then you’re
“Dammit Cap, I
“He says that yes he does, and if you do not open this door, he will continue waiting and if the other timeline suffers, it’s on you.” FRIDAY sounded vaguely amused as Tony let out a string of vulgarities under his breath.
genius. I
Tony barely flinched as Steve easily deflected the pillow. “Stop it, you two.”
Tony jolted upright in bed, sweat running in rivulets down his face and body. “Fuck,” He breathed. “Fuck!”
“Okay, but I’m still bringing you to the nurse. I will have strong words with Hammer about this.” Steve returned Tony’s smile, their hands still entwined.
“Just breathe with me, Tony. Follow my breathing. Can you feel my heart, darling? I’m alive, I’m okay, and you are too. I’m here now,” Steve bundled Tony close to his body so that Tony’s head was against his heart, and Tony struggled to take deep breaths, following his love’s instructions to the best of his ability. As he mimicked the blond’s breathing pattern, Tony felt himself began to calm down.
The two spies began to chuckle silently, as Tony let out a surprised yelp, completely ignoring the brunet’s disgruntled stare.
Clint sulked as the genius stuck his tongue out in his direction, snuggling deeper into Steve’s side. “My hero,”
Tony’s exasperated tone elicited a chuckle out of Steve, who looked at him fondly.
“Well done, Thor.” The blond replied, groaning as his head hit the pavement.
“Oh?” Steve frowned, worried about Tony’s less-than-enthusiastic reaction to saving
had that!” Tony whined, pushing Steve off him and sitting upright. Steve turned from his spot on the rubble to glare at him.
“Look, I’ll come up with you right away, I’m sorry Capsicle. J.A.R.V.I.S. save my work, I’ll be back soon,” Tony frantically waved the holograms away, but stopped when the taller man caught his arm.
Angst Warning! As well as Civil War Spoilers.
“Dinner already? Wow I must have been down here longer than I expected,” Tony muttered to himself. “I’m almost done here, tell Steve I’ll be up in a minute.” Tony turned back to his glove on the table.
“Captain Rogers has been sitting outside your lab for nearly 3 hours demanding to be let in. I suggest you listen to what he has to say, sir.” If an Artificial Intelligence could sound disapproving, this was it.
“So will you?”
The genius jumped, dropping the screwdriver he was holding and turning to face the intruder. “Oh shit, I got caught up.”
at Peggy when we were getting the Pym Particles and the Tesseract and I know you settled for me, but that was before we found a way to time jump. I know love when I see it, and I saw it in your face in that room. If your Christian beliefs makes you not believe in divorce or whatever, don’t worry about it, it’s not like we had an actual wedding ceremony after the snap.” The genius was rambling as fast as he could, wanting to get away as soon as possible. He watched as Steve stared at him wide-eyed and speechless, mistaking it for Steve being guilty that he was right.
“I would strongly advise against that, my friend,” Thor boomed, watching as the pillow went soaring towards Tony.
“If you’re serious, if you’re really asking me to stay with you, Rogers, I swear, I am
Steve chuckled.
“Why Cap, being my knight in shining armour? Aren’t you a gentleman,” Tony breathed against Steve’s lips, sending a chill down the blond’s spine.
“Steve!” Tony called, his face lighting up as he scurried behind the blond. “Tell the agents to leave me alone, I’m fine!” The agents in the room rolled their eyes, knowing they could not get to Iron Man now that Captain America was his meat shield.
, Rogers. I’m never letting you run from me.”
“Oh.. All of you have eaten?” Tony faltered, feeling unexcited about the idea of eating alone.
“Who told me!? Steve, the whole school knows! Everybody’s raving about it, about how Captain Rogers kicked one of his fastest players off the team and socked him in the face, multiple times I might add, for no reason.”
The sound of a throat clearing caught the attention of the room’s occupants, and they turned to see Steve still in his uniform leaning against the door jamb with an indulgent smirk plastered on his face. “What seems to be the problem?”
“I wouldn’t have it any other way,” Steve tilted Tony’s head upwards and kissed him passionately, letting all the pent-up feelings and emotions he couldn’t express with words seep into the kiss. The whimper he elicited from the shorter man was completely worth it. They separated when Tony’s need to breathe became apparent, and he pressed a kiss to Tony’s forehead.
Steve cradled Tony’s face in one palm, lifting his husband’s face so that Tony was looking at him. “If that man is you, 3000 times yes.”
“Okay, I get your point. Let’s go,” Steve opened the door despite Tony still blocking it, and peeked out, checking the corridor.
“Hey, look who decided to grace us with his presence tonight!”
The brunet giggled, looking over Steve’s shoulder. That’s when he saw her. Aunt Peggy. He felt a lurch in his stomach, remembering the fond way Steve was watching her when he walked into the room. He felt like he was going to throw up.
, before he became alarmed. “Did he hurt you? Are you bleeding?” Steve ran his hands frantically over Tony’s body, trying to find the release hatch.
“I think I can learn to live with that,” Tony grinned, taking a bite out of his sandwich.
"You really had to wait to help me with that until after you asked Mr. Stark-er-Tony, your question? Honestly Peter." She shook her head, as they walked away Tony heard Peter give the utmost ridiculous excuse I'd ever heard, and was unable to conceal his laughter.
"Am not Stove..." Steve's words got farther apart as his eyes fluttered closed. "Tony.."
"Steve, I'm full..too much food.." Tony groaned, pushing his fancy plate of ice cream forward with a loud skidding noise. Steve laughed quietly, earning a harsh put-down from Tony about his high metabolism. He gave Steve an expectant look, noticing he was done eating as well. "We leaving or are we staying the night?? We're supposed to be back at 5:00 I thought I heard Vision say." Steve nodded absentmindedly, heart racing faster than it did waiting to see if Tony would wake up after falling out of the wormhole, the first realization he'd had that he truly loved the genius.
Tony's heart swelled with love as a video of Steve appeared. He looked around the room-which happened to be Tony's workshop- and his gaze caught the brunette as he bitched at Dummy for doing absolutely nothing. He gave the robot a light shove, which chirped a couple times and wheeled away. He returned to hammering something into some sort of piece he was working on. Steve walked up behind the genius as he set the hammer, hugging him from behind. The camera switched to a frontfacing lens, to sow Steve kiss the smaller man gently before asking him to some sort of date, but present Tony didn't let him finish as he pressed his lips into the super soldier.
"How did you..?"
"Gonna do a truth n dare shit. kid told me it was what the cool people do...But like..if you don't wanna do the shit you gotta drink a half a beer...or take somethin off." Tony added, momentarily being somewhat helpful. He tugged at the shirt Steve was wearing longingly.
"I'd like to make a toast to our family, our friends, and ourselves. We've been through a hell of a lot this year, last year, so on and so forth. We've grown together, making new friendships, new relationships-" He reached his free hand down to squeeze Tony's hand gently, "and strengthening the ones we already have."
"It is gorgeous, Tony." he agreed, following his past gaze out the window. Tony took a sip of coffee and smiled, making Steve's insides flutter. It had taken a long time for the genius to trust him, and open his heart to reveal the damage that had been inflicted on his broken-soul. Seeing Tony truly happy in little moments shared between the team, or just the two of them was what made Steve's heart full. It was amazing to watch his dark eyes trace over the scene in front of them, focusing on every detail nature offered.
But not as formidable as them. Bucky's metal arm serves as another tool to use against the pirates, clunky and painful to wear but effective as a hunk of metal to smack people down.
The splash of red on the ceiling taunts him, an unfinished flower clearly abandoned when Steve had moved out.
“Dinner first,” Tony says, “then bed.”
Steve’s thumb brushes over the arc of Tony’s cheek. “You saved me. And we’re going to have a very long talk about acceptable risks, but for now Doctor Cho wants you to sleep, so I’ll take a raincheck on being angry at you.”
His chest feels full, threatening to burst with everything he's tried to lock away.
The last word was clearly directed to Howard Stark, who raises a glass at her. "Whatever you want, Pegs."
Exhaustion mixes with guilt. He shouldn’t have been so ignorant, nor should he be so curious now. Howard and Maria Stark had been rich beyond rich. A weapons manufacturer, with a world-class vet as a son? Steve rolls the question around in his head until he decides enough is enough.
Rhodey takes a loud sip of his milkshake that somehow manages to sound sarcastic. "I'm just saying, you don't have the best history with 'friends'," he makes air quotes in Tony's face, "from your beloved boarding school."
“You should tell them that,” Tony mutters.
"Hey," Bucky slowly sits down next to him, perching at the edge of the bed. "I haven't seen these in a long time."
There's a banging on the garage door.
“It was the least I could do,” Jarvis answers. “My young sir writes often of how your son makes him smile.”
the best vet,” Natasha digresses.
"Yeah. Time for work, boy."
They must’ve broken up fights like this while training service dogs, and Steve trusts Sam. He moves to hold onto Liberty, sighing loudly in relief as he stumbles back, Liberty landing securely in his arms. He moves to quickly check her for wounds, heart stuttering when he finds her chest torn by the Shepperd’s claws.
“An electric pole fell down over a bridge and they need more medevac.”
"Sap." More gently, "marry me?"
Of all the questions she could've asked, Tony didn't imagine it to be that. "He has fewer headaches now that I'm grown."
Steve sighs. “Then let’s at least sit.”
“You should rest – ” Steve starts to tell him.
“Dogs are smart. They learn to trust, but trust can be slow.”
There are watermarks from the recent rain, the ticking down of time and life marring it. Steve clenches his fist, nails digging hard into his palm. "Where's the plane?"
To her credit, her voice doesn't crack even if her eyes are red-rimmed, the mascara doing nothing to hide her grief.
been getting better at it. Most days, sleeping starts to get easier, the world stops blurring away, he will be able to smile at Steve without the long shadows of their fights looming over them.
“Stop making the gardener’s life harder,” Steve crosses his arms when he finds Tiberius, Sunset, and Tony pulling out flowers in the garden. This isn’t the first time he’s stood toe to toe against them.
“Why not?”
Natasha keeps tapping away on her phone. “Whatever you say, Captain.”
“I’m not moping. I’m just – ”
"Where are the medics?" Tony mutters.
without getting any reply? Who would go behind Tony's back to befriend Howard Stark?
- that his paths would cross with Tony's again, one day. Whether it was when Tony was happily married with a child or when they were both old and grey and as lonely as they had been when Tony had snuck into Steve's dorm room lifetimes ago - it felt impossible to move on when they had hurt each other so much.
“My mother likes playing the piano. She taught me. Howard thinks it’s unfitting for a man, but Obie said something about the coordination skills being good.”
That question, Steve decides, is preferable over admitting too that Stark is handsome, with a raised brow and cocky self-assurance that wheedles its way uncomfortably under Steve’s skin. The witty quips were far too similar to... well. He prefers not to think about that either.
, Stark isn’t as much a rude ass as he had first suspected.
Steve raises a brow. “Do I need to bring JARVIS into this?”
Steve finally reaches across the tiny space and takes Tony’s hand in his, squeezing. “I’m sorry, too.”
"Tony, don't go down that path. There's no crusade for you to chase."
When Steve enters the kitchen, he finds Tony and a red-haired lady sitting across him from the table. At the center of it, a deformed apple pie, clearly having been stabbed by a fork one too many times.
Steve pulls back to look Tony in the eyes. “When there's a giant eagle staring down at us, and when I still have to lecture you about unnecessary risks.”
Peggy was right.
More question than statement, Steve doesn’t let it sting as much as it used to. Better to be Tony’s dirty secret than something that could destroy him.
“I do say so.”
"Steve," Peggy's voice crackles over static, "we're calling off the investigation."
"I promise if I bleed out, my ghost is gonna haunt the hell out of you," Tony edges around the pain.
The glint of victory in Tony's eyes is too bright for Steve too look at, and he pushes the subject away, casting for anything that might hold onto Tony's rapid attention. "I met Captain Rhodes."
“Nuh-uh, not until I figure out why you're doing this.”
"Tony, tell me we can either wait for disposal to come or you can disarm it on your own."
"This is Ana. Ana Jarvis," Tony says. "She taught me how to plant flowers."
“And Stark Industries hasn’t gone anywhere under Stane,” Steve draws his own conclusions.
By the time he gets back to the hospital half an hour later, there’s another doctor and another ambulance. The doctor’s badge reads
“Why?” Steve demands, glancing back at the raging fire.
waiting another year to marry you just because you slept through this year’s anniversary.”
She shifts moves the toolbox to the floor and sits on the workbench across him. Her handbag is dumped on top of it. DUM-E, the traitor, rolls across the small lab to beep happily at her.
“I’m ready,” Tony looks up into the sunlight trickling down from high above, the dust falling like snow. “Nat, I’m – don’t let them beat themselves up over this, yeah?”
“Figured I'd get even with you for the pizza.”
A statement, not a question. Steve does know him best.
"Did you
"I don't need to be protected. I need to fix this, I need to know if somehow my parents had to be buried because you thought it necessary to dig through the company's dirt."
Running his hand a few times through his hair, Steve presses the button that cranks up the garage door.
. Steve jumps up. The whole station is a mess – Steve hasn't cleaned up from Thor and Bruce's arm wrestling last night.
Steve gave him a cross look before turning back to the screen just in time to see the kid set one of the villain's hat on fire. He covered his gaping jaw with his hand, eyebrows shooting up so far, Tony thought, they could get lost in his hair. He shot off the couch, knocking Tony's legs off the couch with him, sending the brunette off the couch with a loud thump.
Out of a room adjacent to the one they were in, Sam, currently in his suit and on cue, flew in, lifting the soldier off the chair and out the door which had opened apparently on his signal.
"Perhaps." Sam rolled his eyes and hastily turned back to the screen as Bucky punched him.
"No, not your money Tony. I don't need a castle, jesus. I meant, that you..You allow people to understand you as much as they want to, and do the same for them.." He scratched his head, trying to put his thoughts into words, while a large black snake battled Thor over the last tub of ice cream on the screen. "Brother, we can order another, I had it first." He wheezed, as Loki wrapped himself around the arm that held the ice cream. He hissed in reply, lashing out at Thor, who tried to call Stormbreaker, but failed as Loki bit into his hand.
"Tony you have to do it, you gotta kiss Nat." Bruce swooned, shoving his girlfriend off the couch. She looked up at Tony, her cheeks as red as her fiery hair. He stood up, a little too quickly, before falling back onto the couch. Steve reached down and picked his boyfriend up with a lazy arm.
He stumbled over to the sitting area that was large enough to fit every Avenger on their own "L" couch or chair and then twenty guests, complete with the Christmas tree and gigantic TV Screen also.
"Sorry, hot stuff." Tony said, turning to lay on his back and look up at the God. "Can't help myself." Loki ran his finger down the brunette's chest, down to the waistline of his dress pants, the dress shirt and pants still on from his SI meeting from earlier, for whatever reason.
"Steeeeve. It's your turn." he pushed him a little as he started to stare.
"You..you stole. My cookies. That had my name..my bow and arrow..custom printed..on the goddamn can." He hissed, approaching the stuffed soldier. He looked down at the can on his stomach and up at Clint again.
"At least that'll be funner than this," Tony mutters.
But he isn't a child anymore.
"Mr. Stark," Steve easily cuts in. His sharp black tux and customary earpiece made Steve no different from the other guards in the room, and it was crucial he stay unrecognised as Captain America. "Your lady mother was seeking your presence."
See, Tony’s notes go something like this:
"I wish you did. I wish - "
Tony had held his head high,
"You dream about me often?" Steve ridiculously finds the audacity to find this funny. They're so close he can see the spray of freckles at the base of Steve's neck even in the scant light.
The HYDRA faction they had discovered during their soirée seems to have reared their brand new nine heads, launching an attack on the streets of New York that is quickly becoming an unmitigated disaster.
Searching about Tony on the internet feels unfair, especially when Steve's own profile is guaranteed to be far less prolific.
He frowns, blinking one eye open.
Tony, kneeling on the ground and trapped in a group hug with the children, laughs freely. "My favorite rascals, this is Mister Steve, and no. He didn't eat Mister Rhodey, but Mister Steve is strong so be careful."
Tony doesn't think he can bear seeing Steve's bare body that close. Yanking the keys out, he pushes his way past Steve, staring away under the guise of admiring the sea.
He glances at the neat row of stitches trailing up his arm.
"Isn't he there to investigate me?"
“Oh?”
, Nat had teased him.
call us a bunch of dunderheads," Tony chuckles, "or at least, I think that's what she said in Russian. But I guess... go out with me?”
be happening.
“Get your armor on, then I'll consider it.”
Next, he needs to start getting people to underestimate him.
But he’s said enough already.
He does some calculations. The shaft of light
“For the five hundredth and sixty first time, no.”
Tony’s lips twitch up reluctantly. “That
And the reactor's just one of his many ideas that he knows will work, if only Obie would stop breathing down his neck about the lastest missile specs.
Around Tony’s wrist, Steve’s hand squeezes. Light. Reassuring. Tony dares to sneak a peek at Steve’s face, only to be met with a smaller smile. Not a grin. A
The least he can do is to clean up how he looks.
“More like my breakfasts,” Stark mutters to himself. "Why haven't I seen you around the bar before?"
more possibilities than a bed.”
It’s fascinating as much as it’s infuriating, because it throws off the entirety of Tony’s findings on the other boy.
Sam makes a thoughtful noise. “It doesn’t have to be a long term thing.”
Did Steve have a Jarvis he wanted to give something to?
Too smooth and too sleek, these weapons were - Steve carefully shifts his flashlight.
“And paperwork is not. So let Commander Fury fume about paperwork, and let us find someone to warm your bed, Captain.”
“I’d pay for it, you know,” he offers her for what must be the thousandth time.
"He's hardly a kid. Only two years younger than us."
Pepper's in the antechamber to the news room on the seventeenth floor when they get there, speech cards and some powder ready in her hands. "Mr. Stark, for you to ignore," she hands him the cards first.
“Gentlemen, if you'll excuse me,” Steve says, “I have a private matter to discuss with Iron Man.”
Pushing at Steve's shoulder, he's both gratified and disappointed when Steve
And that was the point, wasn't it?
“Doctor Stark!”
The sharp lance of fear returns, the stretch of days leading to an infinite hollowness if Tony is never found. If these are truly the last words he gets from Tony -
Getting Steve far away was also necessary, but that was another mountain Tony doesn't have the energy to climb. Maybe he's too selfish to try.
The bomb starts ticking again, clock now down to
to stop doing things like this.”
of happiness.
SHIELD was the one to rescue Bucky from the brink of death, and they were independent. No government agendas, no politics. Just the good fight.
,' Steve mouths at Tony, who mock gasps and mouths right back.
Then, before Steve can come up with another quip, Bruce tosses something – a magazine – on the table.
But he's a doctor. He knows that wouldn't make things better. Instead, he lets his hand move slightly to the right, curling over the bumps of Steve's scarred knuckles.
you sleep.”
It's a quick and chaste thing, the dust on their lips ashy, but it's scalding, a hot brand marking a new beginning. When Steve pulls away, his hand lingers on the curve of Tony's jaw, rubbing gentle, almost unconscious circles over Tony's dimples.
The thing is that Steve might have been able to dismiss it as another modern joke, to bear his confusion and growing
If Tony were here, there would be a joke about life being short, and Steve might've teased him back about shortness.
, Tony had said. Liberty’s too worn out to bark at anyone, and Steve watches tensely as Tony puts his hand over her chest, expertly stitching the deep cut.
He waits patiently for the pizza to cook, scrolling through his phone. There are well-meaning messages from Thor, a more demanding one from Chief Fury about paperwork, Natasha tagging him in another social media post about kittens, and a strongly worded email from Carol warning of his demise and various misdemeanor charges if he treats Doctor Stark wrong.
“He’ll come around. You’ve always been able to change the world, Tony.”
"And that's no reason for me to let you in, not after what you did to Stevie."
Steve knows. It's etched in him, all the small things about Tony: his favorite flower, the piano lullabies Tony loved most, the constellations he wanted to visit, and the way Tony snored in his sleep. If Tony is gone - if they really never find Tony - Steve doesn't know what to do with himself, with the universe of tiny memories stitched together to make the bright ball of want, of regret, of
make me cry?”
"Private sharing sessions are from nine to ten in the evening on days not ending with a '
"You think someone is involved in the weapons going missing." The words sound insane, blasphemous. "That they
“If that’s an innuendo, I’ll castrate you, Stark.”
Blowing up weapons wouldn't erase the groups who bought the weapons, but it was a way to keep the weapons out of the wrong hands, to at least break a link in the chain of death he was causing.
Liberty barks pointedly at Sharon’s name.
had done that.
need to focus on the problem, Tony,” Steve doubles down on his orders.
"He's a good one," Maria starts when they're out of earshot, mingled among the other guests who she waves politely at as she weaves them both through the crowd.
"What?"
Tony's smile returns, wide and unabashed. "Now, why would I do that?"
"The last time I said I was fine," Tony put his hands on his hip, equally adamant, "you forced me to get patched up too."
"Thank you for being there for him, Colonel," Steve hopes the truth of his words are clear through the call.
Did Steve really almost lose his friendship with this crazy,
“You know I do,” Steve whispers softly. “You’re my closest friend.”
Steve scrambles to cover the papers on his desk. Tony steps closer to his chair.
Stark tips his head sideways. “You’re grumpy today.”
“Yes.”
Medicine required objectivity, and yet... it needed passion, too, and a lot of heart.
"You're going to be a nuisance, aren't you?"
HYDRA. The supersoldier program. Stolen weapons.
Didn't Steve tell Tony that he barely liked anyone in the school? In the end, Tony was a friend Steve never needed either.
Tony is still there.”
As if understanding him, she kicks her small leg, making it stick out from under the blanket. Tony opens the windows on the side of the incubators, reaching in to fix it. He lets her tiny,
It's been enough with everyone else: with Carol, with Thor, with Natasha and Clint. Help them get better, spend a few nights out at the bar with them before slinking back to his penthouse or his labs where he builds new hearts for people who need them more than him.
Steve had written,
who kept me awake last night," Tony waggles his brows, voice muffled from the burgers in his cheeks.
“Why are you doing this?” Steve has to ask.
“That’s very kind of you.”
The box flips open soundlessly -
“Fine,” Tony gives up, abandoning his empty coffee cup. Walking slowly, he pauses to tap at DUM-E’s arm. “No touching Steve’s gift. You hear me?”
"I'm sorry they didn't reach you when they were meant to," the words tumble out of Steve, collapsing years of practicing what he'd say if he ever got to talk with his friend again. "I'm not - what did you call it? - in a league with Howard. I came for that brunch at the mansion because I - I wanted to see you, and I'm sorry I didn't listen to you when you said going to war wasn't the way out, and - "
Swallowing down the guilt, Steve flips through another batch of files, hesitating only the slightest bit when he realises that they're hacked from SHIELD - details about a strange blue alien cube to do with clean energy, all of Steve's personnel files, analysis about the weak points of Steve's body armor and notes on upgrade requirements.
Tony could admit the truth - that they weren't just close, they were each other's anchors in a sea of people who didn't understand them. But that was a truth of the past.
Tony snorts, smiling despite himself. How is it that even when they’re fighting, Steve can still make him smile? “It’s not gardening. It’s
He can’t entirely regret leaving to join the Army, because if he hadn’t been on the battlefield next to Bucky, things would have gone much, much worse.
The reason why he can't lie to Tony. The reason why he really wants to call this Tower home, but can't.
“I don’t want to make weapons,” he admits softly. He’s fourteen, and he just created a missile that Obie said would kill people better.
Tony thinks he should stop pushing, now, but Tony’s never been one to leave well enough alone.
“You know,” Steve takes a step closer towards him, “if you wanted me to keep you warm, you could have just asked.”
Tony laughs, walking slowly to the table. “Does that mean we have the house to ourselves?”
They’ll take good care of Steve, of each other.
Sam takes a long sip of his coffee. “Nuh uh. I’m not running with you. I need my lungs.”
couldn't possibly be theirs.
"Noted, Doc." The nurse smiles apologetically at them both before leaving, weaving her way through the bustling ER.
The prototypes disappear from the holotable, morphing into a new interface. Tony's last contact was a video call with Stane, then an aborted call to Pepper Potts. Most of it isn't very useful: he ignores the fact that his number - his newest number from a year ago, that nobody except six people should have - is on Tony's speed dial. That's another SHIELD security breach that Steve can chase down later.
A long breath. Rubbing at his forehead, Obie's rings glint in the light.
“Fuck you,” Tony grumbles.
"You know these games don't work," Steve says. "Not with me."
"I just need to know whether this will affect your ability to assess the facts of the mission," Peggy sternly cuts away all his excuses.
"I'm rescheduling the meeting," she says.
blue eyes stand out more.
enough to be angry. Howard and Obie made sure that Tony stayed close to Ty and far away from Steve, so while picking fights wasn’t the best way to befriend somebody, it
," Steve liked to insist, "just let me lie down."
"We're here for you, you know?"
“Yeah, yeah,” Tony walks onward, “good night, boys. Don’t stay up too late.”
"Or during."
“Sam – Doctor Wilson is handling it.”
"I'm sending the Jarvises away. They shouldn't be caught in the crossfire." He doesn't know why he's admitting this to Steve, except for the fact that Tony has more scotch in his blood than is healthy right now. He can't take Steve's careful touches, or the hushed footsteps of the Board of Directors, the worried whispers between Pepper and Rhodey.
“Hey, Miss Khan,” Stark gently puts his hand on her shoulder, steering her into the hospital. “I thought we agreed: if you want to visit me at work, you don't enter through the ER doors.”
, Nat had warned.
For a moment, Steve thinks it's enough, but the moment ends and Tony's lips twist again. "I don't care. I don't give a
“Fire captain,” Steve corrects with a playful smirk.
EMTs spill out of the ambulance with the gurney, an oxygen mask strapped to the patient's face.
Tony holds up a hand. “No harm, no foul.” Then, a smile that’s amused but isn’t cruel. “Did Liberty scare off the lucky lady of the night?”
The puzzle pieces fall into place suddenly, slotting so perfectly that he feels dull for not seeing them before, for not paying closer attention.
And yet, it was nice to know that he had someone in his corner, who
"I don't have much of a choice, do I?" Carrie sniffs.
"Can you escort the Captain out, too?" Tony pleads to the Agent, who freezes and shakes his head, forcing Tony to deal with a bomb about to blow
At some point, Steve feels brave enough to talk about the explosion that took out Bucky’s arm, that still rings in Steve’s ears some nights. He searches for any sign of pity. Tony offers none, asking only whether Steve would like to go on with the story or to be distracted by trivia about camel evolution. The unflinching acceptance is a soothing balm that rolls the ball further. He promises to show Tony a painting, and Tony prods until Steve agrees to paint one of him.
"You sure you don't have some super secret spy thing to do?" he snaps.
“Perfectly steady, Doc, great for delicate surgery,” Sam pipes up, untying his surgical gown, spirits far too happy for having just cut open a woman. “Much better than Doctor Hammer.”
"You've been kidnapped?"
, Tony wishes he could pull Steve in for a proper kiss.
In the late summer, the winds are starting to pick up, which sends the tails of Doctor Stark’s medical coat whipping around his bright red scrubs.
First, try his best not to punch anyone.
Juggling bodyguard duties while keeping their relationship a secret hadn't gotten easier in the six months since the horrible fiasco at the
Tony pushes himself out of her hold to press next on the radio, changing the song into a less happy tune and ramping up the volume even more. The cheerfulness of Christmas songs in the middle of summer was far too much on his sanity.
A laugh, high-pitched and raspy, reaches Steve.
For the first time, Steve notices Stark. A handsome smile, a well-trimmed beard, and toned muscles that peek out from under his scrubs. Steve straightens his back, keeping a hand on Liberty’s neck to keep her from getting too agitated. He’s quite aware of what his own body looks like – after all, he
“There’s nothing you can’t do,” Steve repeats, “and no one – not your father, not this school’s stupid rules, not the reporter’s camera – can stop you.”
For this, for loving Tony, they didn't need words.
for one.
Her fingernails dig into Tony's arm. "Hail HYDRA."
“I like pen and paper,” Steve digresses. “They make things feel real.”
“Ah,” Kate nods almost exaggeratedly. “I should, uh, I should go.” She clutches her purse tightly. “It was nice meeting you, Steve. Really. I had a good time.”
There's never going to be a right moment, though, not with the chaos of their lives. So it's up to Steve to
Steve steps over a fallen leaf, pausing to drop a quick kiss into Tony’s hair.
“And you're here to spend time with Carol,” Steve deflects. “You shouldn't leave her alone.”
“There’s no need,” Steve tries to say, but Tony presses the packet of treats into Steve’s gloved hands, just as a cab rolls up on the curb.
"If we don't know, then we should find out," Steve argues, pacing the Mansion's empty corridors, not bothering with the lights.
“Hulk’s moved away most of the roof,” Rhodey reports, “and the cranes are doing most of the fine work.”
The light in the bomb starts to blink even faster.
Peggy's reply is soft. "You can. You must. We'll keep digging, in different places, in quieter ways."
Tony didn’t realise yet that the joke might actually be on
Swirling his straw around the last of his milkshake, Rhodey raises a brow: a silent
He can't be sure of the date, but -
“Rude? Jane claims he is the perfect gentleman.”
Because
Tony, contrary as ever, pushing Steve to the brink, moves to perch on the side of Steve's bed. He takes out a pair of Steve's black underwear, holding it up to the light thoughtfully. “You sure? You’ve been pretty cozy with Nat lately, is that why?
Jarvis’ ability to be perfectly cordial while absolutely reprimanding explained much about Tony’s deftness at quipping with perfect etiquette. But Jarvis’ withering glare was miles away from the slanted smile that Tony often had.
Tony walks away.
In the last ten years, Steve has stopped fifty one assassination and kidnapping attempts on Tony. There was one particularly bad month with seven attempts, right after Tony announced the newest line of repulsor tech satellite targeting missiles, but Steve had stopped them in time and Tony went on walking to the next party without knowing that a sniper had been pointed at his head.
“I’m glad our relationship goes as deep as free food.”
Steve sighs.
And for Tony, the choice is purely fact.
"You came in my room with soot still clinging in your hair!"
“I hate you,” Tony says without any heat, inching ever closer to Steve. “Kiss me?”
support his new plan.
That makes Tony look up. “
His communicator - the one reserved for emergencies - buzzes in his pocket.
,” his reprimand is so familiar that a new ache forms in Tony’s chest, “you have
Tugging his underwear away from Tony, Steve glowers at him, torn between his frustration and his fondness for their easy banter. “Why what?” he relents.
. You know my schedule. And my – my restless sleeping,” Tony winces at the truth. “Rogers blushed like an actual red apple when I implied sex, he’s going to run to hell when he sees my pacemaker.”
Stark Industries' new LA regional headquarters. "I flew out this morning," he squints suspiciously, burnt hand forgotten, "did you
“And why are
Had Tony talked to this man about him? "Call me Steve, please."
“Polar bears? You’ve been to the Arctic?”
His stomach flips. He nurses his soda, wondering whether it was too early to order something stronger. Without Kamala sitting in front of him, he's given an unblocked view of Carol bickering with Stark. After a few more minutes, he decides to slip quietly into the restroom, staring at his reflection in the mirror.
With anyone else, the bitter anger might have worked. But Steve remains infuriatingly stubborn. His nostrils flare, and he asks Tony, "did Obadiah put you up to this?"
“I thought you didn’t disapprove me?”
"I knew there was a reason I loved you," Tony mutters drowsily.
It makes sense.
“Tell me when you finally score first base,” Tony grins, shutting the door before Steve can indignantly reply. Liberty climbs onto Steve’s lap, her warm body a comfort after the chill outside he hadn’t noticed.
of the heartbeat there a soothing sound over the piercing sirens.
Tony wonders what it might feel like: to hold Steve’s hand and find a smooth metal ring there.
There was a time when Steve had been Tony's shelter, but now all those years feel tainted by betrayal.
Why must he always be adrift? Why must he always be lost?
"Dance with me," Peggy demands, pulling him off the counter with more strength than an old woman should have. Her hand lands on Tony's waist, and she pulls them close enough to whisper. "Hail HYDRA."
He unlocks the door.
Coffee was something Steve made for Tony at breakfast everyday. It wasn’t special. Or marriage worthy.
Bruce glances uneasily between the two of them, the sudden silence jarring.
"I'm perfectly happy to assign someone else to tail you today," Steve points out reasonably. "Also, food poisoning is a very serious thing, Tony. Remember when you were fourteen and we stole the - "
“Who are we talking about?” Carol’s voice interrupts, and oh, Tony might’ve made a mistake ignoring her entrance, because Natasha grins wider than he’s ever seen her smile.
“I’m doing him a favour," he says lightly. When Obie doesn't immediately balk, he goes on. "The Captain's friend needs a prosthetic, and I’m
"Shitty meeting," Tony waves tiredly in the general direction of the horrid conference room down the hall, "shitty family."
"Obadiah?" Tony frowns, "no. This is all me."
Tony's last night before leaving for the weapons demo was spent... well.
Now, he thinks he just might.
This time, it’s Steve who bumps their elbows together. “I’d hardly call this a training exercise.”
, not even when it's the Ritz."
“Steve, be a dear and get yourself a sandwich. I don’t know what your mother taught you about respect or feeding yourself.”
Steve can do more good than Tony can.
“He’s a bully,” Sam hisses beside Steve, “he doesn’t care about Libby.”
Tony snorts. "You're going to have to do better than that."
Gritting his teeth, Steve sees the second firetruck roll onto the curb. “Chief Fury will stop the fire.”
"Just - " Steve cuts himself off when they hear a chopper outside, most likely there to help control the fire on the other side of the building. "Everything's a mess and it's going to be an even bigger mess when we get out," he continues with a sigh, fingers brushing away a trail of sweat across Tony's temple. "I just need something good. Something to look forward to at the end of everything."
Steve nods. “I’d have to throw away my compass if I said no,” his hands find Tony’s shoulderblades, pushing at the tense muscles there, “and I’m quite attached to that compass.”
Tony had meant it when he told Steve he would keep better track of his killing machines, and he strides into the vast expanse of the Malibu Mansion's workshop, heading for his reassembled holotable.
“You’re, uh, JARVIS said you’re leaving,” Tony starts hesitantly, leaning on the doorframe. “You alright, Cap?”
look perfect in his James Bond-esque suit.
With very few people to turn to, Steve finds himself standing in the doorway of his Ma's apartment, his last safe haven that he hasn't messed up in his stubbornness and blindness.
“Is this a drill?” Tony asks one of the nurses. His pager beeps, and – a loud blaring. The fire alarms. Drills were supposed to be every Wednesday, every three months.
“We will.”
. Then, “if you’re meeting Steve again, Pepper and I should get to meet him too.”
"Mr. Stark - "
Steve swallows. He's never let fear or doubt stop him before, but this... this feels too large to mess up. He'll do this right.
Collecting the medkit he dropped, Tony checks on some bottles before fishing out a piece of cloth to wipe the slobber off his face. “Didn’t expect such a friendly reception.”
“If you’d like to ask her out,” Tony waggles his eyebrows, “pretty sure she’d say yes.”
The unspoken question hangs in the air. “She's married, Stark. Did Nat rope you into this?”
“Met a new doctor today,” Steve hangs his helmet on the wall.
That makes Tony stiffen. “We’re really doing this?”
He huffs, still dissatisfied. "I don't need Steve to be my babysitter. I can keep myself safe."
A happy life.
“Didn’t I tell you? My dad was a weapons contractor,” Tony shrugs glibly, coming back to Liberty with a new packet of dog treats. “Becoming a vet pissed him off.”
my business when my friend decides to do something ridiculously stupid."
Carefully, Tony takes the blackened shield off Steve's back and lifts up the nanotech fabric of Steve's uniform, hissing slightly at what must be the dark bruises from the impact.
"What?"
Everything will work out the way it’s supposed to.
“Good, good. I’m proud. You’re way ahead of everyone already, Tony, but you can’t let yourself settle for less. You need to push for more, stay on top of the game. It’s a vicious world, and your father says Stark men are iron.”
while Tony's world shatters.
doing this?”
Despite his horrible morning, he's found that there isn't as much of Howard here as he'd suspected. The donut shop didn't recognise Tony as Tony Stark, either too used to celebrities or truly blissfully unaware of the horrors that came with the name. Anonymity was nice: a chance to slip off his masks.
This time, Steve believes him.
responsible for where I put my scalpel. And I need a list of all the chemicals Hammer was using."
Tony didn’t want letters. He wanted Steve, but Steve didn’t want him. Hadn't wanted him in the first place.
But he's learned since then that hating the world doesn't make it love you more.
U’s claw turns away from the fabricator machine, but U stays in the corner, unmoving.
"You know what I wrote for my thesis," Tony rephrases the words because if he tries to say it differently, maybe they'll make more sense. Maybe he'll snap out of this fever dream and no longer be stuck on the seventeenth floor of this cursed building.
But some part of Steve had foolishly, ridiculously hoped that he could come home to the comfort of starbright dreams and the safety of companionship.
“I made sure of it,” Steve promises, wondering how it was that Kamala managed to win Stark's affection. He thought Stark's snappy manners would clash with Kamala's exuberance, but he supposes that he might be mistaken about a lot of things regarding Stark. “Her dad should be arriving here any minute. The fire dispatch call came at the right time,” he adds on some more reassurance.
Glinting bright in his palm, he stares at his mother's wedding ring.
He would also very much appreciate it if Fury sent them reinforcements right about now.
"Then I can change things from inside."
ever need me, you know where to find me."
A gentle thud behind Steve signals the door shutting close, the chopper ready for takeoff. "I'm also pissed at you for making me worry," Steve smiles back at him, "we'll talk when we get you checked up."
"No date tonight, mister," Tony pokes softly at Steve's bruises with his other hand. "All you get is boring sleep."
Steve bounces his leg, glancing around the red walls of the waiting room from his corner, every so often shushing Liberty, holding onto her to keep her from barking too loudly at the other customers.
The jittery fear when he straps on his shield, knowing the day has to end in blood. The longing when he calls his Ma and her gentle acceptance that means she never asks when he's coming home. The hot
" Tony demands.
Their last year together at the school, Tony feels the time ticking away faster than ever. He wants to go to MIT, meet professors who might actually have a hope of understanding him, and yet, he doesn’t want this to end.
He wonders how differently he would have turned out if he had grown up with a father like Howard, and it strikes him again how cruel it had been for him to leave Tony alone.
me here? Do I need to call security?"
Finally, Tony stands up too. He shoves his hands in his pockets, chin tipped up.
"Medic," Tony says from beneath him. "Steve is down." Oh, he's speaking to the comms. More insistently, Tony repeats, "we need medic."
But if Tony found it unsettling to be around Steve, then he might not be as welcome as he once believed.
"Then come to bed," Steve huffs. "Rest. Sleep."
But… Tony thinks of those hazy last moments. He vaguely recalls giving Rhodey a list of rambling instructions to take care of Steve.
“I’m not jealous,” Steve crosses his arms.
“Teamwork,” Steve hands the clipboard back, trying not to jerk his hand away when Stark’s rough fingers brush with his. “You’re thinking of teamwork.”
He shifts bowls around, shifts through the pile of papers on the table.
“So?” Steve asks, cocking his head to one side, “I asked why, not who they are.”
promise.
Most likely, somewhere in the middle of the Sahara, where Tony's latest missiles have gone astray from their natural shipping route.
Tony scoffs. “You’ve never been scared of imposing.”
Another day, another disappointment.
Damn Obie and how much he knew about Tony. This is why Tony hates family. Why he wishes he could tear down everything.
None of them could prepare him for this.
He lurches forward. "Steve doesn't dance - "
Tony must've taken it with him. Steve doesn't know why he feels pleased by that.
They have about two feet of distance between them.
Steve crosses his arms. Tony should have a hundred better things to do than attempting to drive Steve into madness. “Why aren’t you outside?”
, and Steve slips into the ER, feeling awkward with his three pizza boxes and bright uniform that turns heads.
“Please.
Liberty growls, the leash pulled tight. Steve shushes her to no avail. “Sorry,” he tells Kate. “Libby doesn’t do well with strangers.”
Steve's blonde hair has taken a grayish color from that same dust, but Tony can swear the tired smile on his face is among the most blessed sights he's seen, more blessed than the Vatican.
And Tony would like to be able to enjoy his salary.
The tug of amused warmth is like coming home, like they're fifteen again with no worries and a world of possibility. "Just a hunch."
“Artificial intelligence,” Howard answers. “They’ll change the weapons industry forever. Keep our country safer than you did.”
“I will, when I get to meet them.”
Steve huffs. “Of course I did. They’re for
“Carol reminded him there's good to be done here.”
Steve nods. "I do. But if there's a chance I can save lives by making this end faster, I'll take it."
“Mr. Stark – ” Steve starts, but the loud scraping of wood against granite stops him.
He laughs, loud and long and bright.
The motions of finding a new life in New York are harder than Steve expected, especially now he has to let go of Tony again.
“She shouldn’t have insulted my upbringing or my Ma like that.”
Placatingly, Tony pats DUM-E's claw, tossing a stray gear to the other end of the workshop for his troublesome child to fetch.
“There are men laying down their lives. We have no right to do anything less.”
“Yes, but – ”
Scoffing, Tony presses hard on a random note. It rings loud, lonely.
Steve exhales sharply.
The soldiers on the chopper with him had volunteered to come. The closest friends of those who had been in Tony's ambushed convoy - they're hungry with the need to find whoever had caused so much needless death. Steve understands the burning need for closure. He can only be grateful that these soldiers hadn't been on scene to witness the ambush.
Before everyone else, before Tony had found contentment in the warmth of Steve’s kisses, Rhodey was the first to carve out a home for Tony, decades ago in their dorm room, the first to believe in Tony.
Steve has a feeling that he should wait before mentioning that last one to Tony.
with Howard, but I'm not falling for your bullshit any longer."
, Steve is happy to simply walk beside Tony through it all, standing guard.
“Yes.” This time, it’s Natasha’s voice that comes through. “Is Steve showing any signs of waking?”
“Of course I care!”
Steve shakes his head, clearly torn between laughing and throwing the phone into the sea.
"It's not my fault either that you eat so
go find my husband now." She takes the plate of apple pie with her. "Edwin's always so forgetful with the food."
"You know me so well," Tony chuckles.
“Thank you,” Tony tells her, letting her read between the lines because she won’t accept it if he says it outright. There’s nothing to forgive if they don’t find a way.
drink. You say you're trying to move to clean energy but you keep building weapons. You tell me to come home safe, but when I get home I can't seem to find you."
"Weapons ready," Rhodey commands the soldiers, "it may be a friendly, or it may be a trap." The chopper lists to one side, then another, and then, the thump Steve is looking for. Rhodey pulls open the hatch, "go, go, people!"
Steve's stern glare of disapproval.
He should say something – anything, to get Tony to stay even a minute longer, because Steve reckons he could talk with Tony until the sun rose and set and rose again. He
They lie there together in bed, for the longest time, breaths falling into step with each other, too busy smiling to say anything.
“There’s an experimental division of the Army.” Steve’s chin juts out stubbornly, endearing and infuriating all at once. “They’ve accepted me.”
He doesn’t understand why Howard or Obie frowned so much, but Ana and Jarvis were always happy.
you if they knew,” Tony defends himself. It was true that Tony had come here because he was curious and bored, but he stayed because they were supposed to be
Not again.
’ and calls Natasha as soon as he gets home. Liberty – more energised now that she’s home – follows Steve upstairs to the bedroom. Throwing open his closet, he paces in front of it until Nat answers, smiling a little when Sam replies with confirmation that the asshole Hodge won’t be frequenting any dog parks soon.
He hooks a hand around Steve's neck pulling him down - an impossible angle that somehow works as Steve turns pliant under his touch.
“We’re both young,” he tries to comfort Tony, “you’ll find other people.”
Steve lets him, because it means that when Steve leans across the table to steal a kiss, the sweetness of it fizzles across his lips. "You should get some sleep."
“I have no friends because
, the letter reads,
“I feel like we should start over.” Diplomatic. Obie says being approachable is good. “I’m Tony Stark.”
“I've had breakfast,” Steve turns the food down. With his stomach twisted into knots, he doesn't know if he can even swallow anything.
He’s faced explosions in the deserts. He’s survived through the heat and the cold and the blood. Talking to a kind-hearted vet should be easy.
“The IV is portable,” Tony repeats, “you can move her wherever as long as you don’t jostle the needle too much.”
"No," Steve says. "No."
"I assure you my records of Sir's security protocols have been regularly updated."
That’s more like Tony. Grand gestures that Steve has learned to see through, spotting the small careful details Tony puts into each of them. “But you couldn’t wait?” Steve teases.
Her grin turns more playful. "Your fault for not telling me about him. Do the mission right and I
Bruce shakes his head.
Tony tries to imagine it: the gentle woman in Steve’s sketches being handed a tumbler of whiskey from Howard. He can’t, and he shouldn’t. Because Tony is supposed to be mingling with anyone other than this scrawny boy from Brooklyn.
Steve finds his eyes drawn back to Tony's hands, never not moving, all that energy and dreams of possibility desperate to be let out.
Thor laughs, patting Steve hard on his shoulder. “Handsome, too. Or so Carol tells me.”
“I’ll uh, I’ll be going,” Steve announces awkwardly. Tony was now attached to Rhodes’ side, which felt too intimate for him to keep seeing.
“You sure that’s a good idea?”
It’s late for an appointment at the clinic, but Sam had called and Tony had been in the office.
still got his best interests at heart."
He has the uneasy feeling that Steve knows it's a lie.
Over the Secretary's shoulder, Tony squints at Steve's hand very respectfully placed above Maria's waist, their mouths moving in a conversation Tony wishes he could record. Maybe that'll be his next project: surveillance tech.
And if his new strength makes the entire car creak, Peggy is tact enough to not mention it.
It’s another week before Tony feels spry enough to talk in proper sentences, and another week before Tony starts to crawl out of his skin, needing to get out of the Tower’s med wing.
don’t get it, Tony. Stop this right now. We’ve always made weapons.”
It feels safe, like this. Safe enough that Tony lets himself lose the fight to keep his eyes open. He’s so
“Men like us don’t get privacy, Tony," Obie walks closer. "Men like us don't get to have foolish dreams like Ty Stone. And it would be so easy for me to find secrets against your boyfriend. Did you know his father was an alcoholic?”
Tony should say something, shouldn’t he?
When Tony makes no other sound, Steve takes another step away.
He has to calm himself.
"Maybe I get to meet the Stark kid after all."
Rhodey shrugs. "Not the way he loves you."
Tony wants to ask, the doubts still choking despite his want to forgive. What was that quote about forgiveness and forgetting? It was the forgetting which he couldn't do, and that meant no matter how much he forgave, he couldn't ever let himself get close to Steve again, his heart still stinging from years of being left behind.
there.
He doesn't wince when the diamond digs into his palm.
This is a test. A test of how far Steve is willing to go, how far Steve's faith in the agency, in himself, in his friends goes.
“You think I’m not?” Tony hurls the words back at him. He had
He thumbs carefully over the ink, uncomprehending.
man over lost letters?
, he thinks. There is so much he should have done.
“I’m going to enlist,” he confesses.
Dressed in the blues of the Air Force, the man gives Steve a distinctly unimpressed look.
This is –
“Flatterer.”
Instead, Steve scoops up a spoonful of clear pudding from the cup Tony’s holding, and he settles back into the armchair before lifting the spoon up to Tony’s mouth.
Steve is in the arts program, Tony in the science program. That means, most days, they don’t cross paths unless they intend to. The one possible room for them to meet unintentionally is the art studio, where the school’s grand piano is located alongside various easels for painting, where all students can spend their spare time practicing the boring arts of high society.
He knew that announcing Stark Industries' slow expansion into defensive gear instead of offensive measures would rattle some feathers, but it was a compromise he had been able to shove under the door to keep the road open for future change: with the investigation still in full swing, Obie had finally relented, agreeing to give the go ahead for products less prone to being sold in the black market.
"Why are the curtains open?" Steve points at the security feed of the room next door.
"Of course." Like all Hammer products, the inside of the explosive is a mess of inefficient wires, but for once Tony can't find it in himself to complain. Priorities: deactivate timer, then the pressure tigger, and get Carrie out of the room, preferably with Steve too. They're still surrounded by a skeleton staff of SHIELD agents who can protect him without being a star spangled ass.
The deserts are cold, and the smoke from campfires at night
December bleeds away to January, then the Winter into Spring, and Tony feels even more powerless. Every night that Steve tries to lure Tony into bed, Tony will lie awake until he's sure Steve is deep asleep, and he builds a shower in the workshop to wash the sex off him, shrugging on a ratty shirt to start hammering away at his projects.
“Are you sure, Cap?”
Surprise. Disappointment. Worry. Fear.
Tony waves it away, ordering his own martini from the bar. "I know you can't tell me your secrets, I just - I need to not. To not."
seem sorry, but it hammers back in the simple truth that Steve is only one of millions clamoring for Tony's time. And there are those who deserve Tony more than him.
"Everyone gets scared when you glare at them - yes, exactly like that," Tony points at Steve's face.
"Of course," JARVIS says.
"Sir."
Steve lets go of the table. He can smell the sugar in the coffee, and it's so
He leans forward, ducking his head low to avoid Rogers spotting him.
"He's about to get another promotion," Tony hums lightly, fiddling once more with the paintbrush in his hand, "does that mean you'll have to salute him?"
, Tony wants to say,
“I’m glad you’re awake,” Steve says. “It’s been a long month.”
Steve sucks in a sharp breath. Rhodey's face looks ragged in the video screen, tired with deep shadows that reflect the hollow pit of Steve's stomach, the gnawing, aching emptiness stretching on.
He holds on to what little hope he can. "You wouldn't be able to stand the pollen, Rogers, much less reach me inside my flower palace."
The Jericho launch, an ambush.
The second voice is Rhodey's.
Pepper had dropped by earlier, and Natasha’s been making periodic visits every few hours to swat the back of Tony’s head, muttering what Tony hopes are fond, affectionate phrases in Russian –
"We are never watching another movie, I swear to god Steve." He glared at the super soldier, trying his best to look angry. Steve pulled him up with little effort, wrapping his arms around his lover.
"You're a sick bastard, but unfortunately that's not the weirdest thing I've experienced in your company...and the fact that I'm your guest has a little incentive for me to not call you out in front of everyone." Rhodey whispered in his ear, making the genius' smirk turn into a small laugh.
"Tony! They left him behind! He's all alone!" He cried, looking at the genius as if Kevin was an actual being and they needed to rescue him immediately. Tony, in spite of his exhaustion, couldn't help his outburst of laughter.
"1:34am." Peter squeaked, handing Tony off to Steve's open arms. "I'm gonna take Aunt May to our room, goodnight sirs." he said, picking up his aunt with little effort.
"I just wanted to know what time dinner was?" his voice rose several notches and he looked down at his feet.
"Give it to me straight, babe," Tony said dramatically, "What'll you have me do?" Her lips twisted in to a devilish smile as she looked over at Loki, who had spent most of his time reading a book with an occasional look of judgement when someone did something particularly outrageous.
Satisfied, he stood up, the skidding of a chair on a floor silencing the table. All eyes turned to Cap, and a small pink blush swept his cheeks, which Tony had to try very hard not to point out as he began to speak. Tony rubbed his stomach, it had been extremely difficult to go the entire day with minimal food..His stomach gave a loud rumble to accent his point.
They reached the edge, Tony thankful he'd put on slippers, and looked out over the compound.
"I know, I know okay you're gonna dance to my song." He said proudly. Nat reluctantly got up and narrowly allowed Peter's aunt to wrap her arms around her waist, as she was taller, not by much, than Nat. She gave Tony another glare as she wrapped her arms around May's neck.
Tony nodded, his face no longer full of a man with constant exhaustion, anxiety attacks, or fear. Instead the man who looked up at Steve was happy, his expression that of a man hopelessly in love, wanting this moment to drag out for eternity, stay right here, in this pool, with the man he loved more than anything.
"Relax..." he murmured to the billionaire, who was no longer paying attention to the movie but sliding a warm hand up the sweater.
"Up." Was all he got in reply. Steve assumed that meant the roof.
"I'm taking you out." Steve declared, before Tony could speak. The brunette said nothing, but a warm smile spread across his face. "Everyone else is staying here for the day, watching Christmas movies and such, but I figured we deserved an outing." He added, offering his hand to Tony, who took it happily. Tony wondered what Steve had planned, his heart giving a little flutter as Steve stumbled to get the door for him.
"It'sss...I know thisss Tony stop I'm trying to count!" Steve whined as Tony grabbed Steve's hand.
"Noo Tony!" He protested, batting him away, "Not your turn!"
Tony groaned as Steve placed a pillow on the armrest next to him and gently pulled him over his lap, keeping a hand on his side so he couldn't go anywhere.
"Gonna kill you for recording this Stark." he said. The camera tilted downward slightly as Tony laughed.
Peter watched uncomfortably as Captain America picked up Iron Man and set him down on his lap.
"Alright are you ready?" Steve asked, a proud gleam in his lazy eyes.
'Tomorrow is Christmas. They shouldn't spend the night drunk off their minds.'
"Everyone is probably waiting for us." Tony remarked as they pressed the Main Floor button. Steve gave a small huff as the doors opened again, revealing a large living room and doorway leading to the entry room and another to the kitchen.
"Alright hotstuff," she hummed. "Give me something fun to do." Steve furrowed his brows in concentration, his body shaking from trying to think. Tony's eyes grew wide and he leaned over and whispered something in Steve's ear.
"Romanov, Barton. Calm down. Susanna can make more muffins, or you can do it yourselves, or go buy some. Now let's sit and eat like a civilized family of superheros." Steve sighed, gently breaking the two apart. "You look good Nat." He said, giving her a kiss on the cheek and pulling Tony's chair out for him as he and Rhodey made their way to the table. After what Tony felt was centuries, everyone including their three guests were in their chairs, and Tony called for the food to be brought out.
"So, Wanda." Peter asked, his voice rich with dangerous curiosity. Wanda, face full of pancakes, looked up at him.
"Shit, sorry Tony." Steve exclaimed, reaching for his napkin and attempting to wipe it off Tony's pants. "Don't get any smart ideas Stark." He added as Tony gave a laugh of surprise. He frowned, taking a sip of his apple juice and reaching for some bacon.
"Ow!"
"I'm going to murder you Stark." Steve tried to threaten, his voice coming out in choppy bits. Tony snorted and shook his head, still laughing.
"Thanks kid...and thanks Loki." the god offered a soft smile before returning to his book.
"What are we playing Steve?" Nat asked, once everyone was there. Tony ensured everyone had a six pack, or in Thor and Loki's case, some of their strong stuff, by their couch or chair, except Peter, who was sent to Ned's house for awhile because Tony insisted on keeping his "baby Spider innocent."
"D'you love America more than me?" He asked, and looked down at the floor sadly. Beside him, Bucky let out an obnoxious laugh.
"By the time this is over, no one's going to care, besides, it's only fair I share with the team." He added with a high level of sarcastic seriousness.
Tony had had to admit, Steve wasn't good at singing, but he definitely could be worse. The Captain, who was facing away from the camera at the moment, hit the last line with a patriotic roar and turned around, spreading his arms out in a "T," , the flag stretched out behind him as if it was a backdrop or cape, bearing America's goods and all as he finished "Brave!" with an intoxicating huff of pride.
Tony was already in the water, looking out over the West side of the compound and into the blazing orange sun. Steve dipped a toe in hesitantly, pleasantly surprised when he found the water was warm- despite the 34 degrees of icy cold that surrounded them in the air. He waded over to his fiance, resting his elbows on the side of the pool.
"You tired?" He asked, pulling Tony's chin up with a finger. The brunette shook his head, looking around.
"I hope you're somewhat hungry." He said, watching Tony's eyes grow wide.
"Oh god Steve." Tony moaned, a laugh starting to form up in his chest.
"Tony, we have guests, shouldn't you-"
Thor sat next to May, both of them snoring loudly. They sat next to Loki and Tony, snoring loudly. To his left was Wanda and Vision, who sat watching the news on the television. Bruce looked overwhelmed as Natasha rubbed his inner thigh, kissing down his neck. His eyes darted to Bucky and Sam, who had returned a few minutes prior and were passed out on top of each other. Steve offered the kid a small smile.
Well, that's it! I was going a certain route with this but eventually just needed to heal my post Endgame broken heart. I've got some more ideas for things in the future, thank you for all the reads, kudos, and comments <3
"I'm so sorry Mr. Loki sir!" He squeaked, running over to Tony. Tony gave a small grunt of surprise, but felt a warm rush of affection for the boy who everyone knew was pretty much his unofficial son.
Tony would always have a dramatic touch, though, as he turned to Steve with a fake rage in his eyes.
Steve offered the jellied piece of toast to Tony, who rolled his eyes and opened his mouth expectantly. Clint scoffed from across the table.
"3:46 boss." the AI replied cooly.
Tony, having watched the movie countless times before, kept his eyes on Steve, watching his reactions with amusement. Somehow, Tony hadn't figured out how, Steve had acquired a large bowl of popcorn, resting it on Tony, who was sprawled across his lap.
Happy bid them goodbye and left them alone to argue over what entree was the best.
She gave him a light kiss on the cheek, assuring him it was nothing of importance while Tony was still crying up in his corner, swelling with pride.
"I'm done, you're just being unnecessarily arrogant." He replied calmly. The brunette's jaw clenched and he looked around. Most of the team was done eating, and were talking quietly among themselves. He stood up and carried Steve and his plate to the kitchen.
"How is it you're able to do everything so perfectly?" He asked, admiring how the reds, purples, oranges and yellows of the sunset lit up Tony's face, the sun halfway sunk under the water. Tony leaned into Steve's shoulder, smiling softly.
"Stark.." Loki repeated, absentmindedly, as Tony threw Nat a look of hatred before settling down beside the massive-(not quite as nice as Thor, but still impressive) God.
"Isss a dare Steove. Stove. Steve the stove." He started laughing as Steve pouted beside him.
"That's unfair..Share the love big guy." Clint cried from across the room. Pietro looked like he was about to cry, but Clint pulled the younger man closer to him and gave him a reassuring kiss.
"Tony, can I ask you a question?"
"Aye, aye Captain!" Tony said enthusiastically, grabbing at the collar of Steve's sweater. Steve pushed the smaller man off, shaking his head slightly
"Come here, Pete." Tony laughed, giving the surprised teen a quick hug. He seemed to register the congratulations as he was hugging the confused teen, and the confusion spread to his face.
'This is not going to end well.' She thought.
"Well, I think we both know the right thing to do..." Bucky sighed. He raised his non-metal arm up slowly. "It's go time!" He yelled.
"You're so childish Tony." Steve huffed, stacking bacon and syrup on his pancakes like it was his job. Tony reached a hand down under the table and rubbed the super soldier's inner thigh, keeping a straight face the entire time. Unfortunately, Steve wasn't as practiced at keeping an emotionless expression when Tony decided he wanted to do something in public that would be frowned upon, although Tony wasn't exactly known for public decency.
He waited until Tony had pants on before leading him into the elevator. Tony expected him to go to the main floor but was genuinely surprised when he hit R for Roof. Not that it wasn't nice, an in ground pool in one area, even.
"I'm glad you feel that way Tony." Steve said, reaching his hand in his pocket. It'd only taken two years to save for the most over the top but simple, elegant thing he knew Tony would be proud to wear. He slid off the chair and down on one knee, opening the box to reveal a stunning assortment of gold, white, and red.
"Fineee Tony get off my ass! Umm..I guess..hell I dunno, Tony help!" Again, Tony leaned over and whispered something in his ear, but not before giving Natasha a slight smirk.
Together, they silently agreed thought unspoken words and tightly wrapped hands that this place, these people, each other, this life- was the real end-game. This is what was meant to be.
After what Steve concluded was the world's cutest half-hug, Peter's eyes grew wide and he ran into the kitchen. He broke away from his boyfriend and gave Sam a small nudge.
"Mr. Stark." He whispered hoarsely, offering Tony a hand as he struggled to get himself off the couch.
"It's quite cold, Steve." He said, reaching for his dark black coat from under his "Stark" initialed hook. He grabbed Steve's custom-made navy blue one and handed it to him, the soldier smiling sheepishly as he offered a quiet thank you. Even through the thickness of wool, Steve's outline was an impressive sight. Tony involuntarily reached out and touched his boyfriend's massive bicep, earning a smirk from Steve.
Steve really thinks he deserves a medal for all the shit he has to put up with throughout the years. Dating a guy who is known for being over the top is a lot of work, but he doesn't mind.
"If we're being honest," he offered in a low voice, "the nightmares I had..the PTSD I have, all the other shit you put up with? Even on the darkest day you don't shy away from me Steve. You don't give up on me even when it seems like I'm not going to make it another day, and I just..I've never wanted to be with anyone forever as much as I love and want you." His voice started to shake at the end of his admission, Steve knew talking about a lot of his past was difficult for him, no matter how many times he'd make a joke or cover it up. He seemed almost scared, in a way, despite the fact they'd been dating for years.
"Tony, this is going to be good." Steve said.
Tony let out a huff. "I could, but we both know you don't want that." he said with a smirk, pulling the soldier into his lips again and "accidentally," slipping his hand into Steve's shirt. The others looked at them with assorted eye rolls and shaking heads, this time, the blonde didn't protest.
"Alright Steve. You go first."
"This is it, Tony." He said, eventually, when the stars and moon were the only light they had. Tony blinked slowly, a genuine smile illustrating his love for the blonde lighting up his face.
"Avengerrrss..and Miss Parker, ma'am." He gave May a salute before continuing, "were gonna do an internet. A combo thing. Plus drinks." He finished, gazing around excitedly, as if they were supposed to know what he meant.
"I dare you, to carry Clint on your back, piggy back style, and run around the Island of Manhattan and back." He finished with a wink as Clint stirred beside him. Pietro struggled to stand up, but somehow managed to pull Clint off the couch and onto his back.
"I love you too Steve." he whispered.
"What is it Rogers?" he snickered, raising a perfectly-kept eyebrow.
"Am not stove." He mumbled, sniffling loudly.
Sam and Bucky try to behave for the two days of Christmas, but fail horribly.
Pietro sped off in a blur of blue, Clint's screams echoing in the distance.
"Thank you for joining here, everyone." Vision's voice rang out as if he was IN the sound system, a large screen rolling down against one of the walls. The chairs and couches were positioned to watch what Tony thought was some sort of movie. "If everyone could please take a seat or couch, I'll explain my presentation." He added, motioning to the seating area.
"S'a fact we already know." Bruce said. "Jus like we all know Steve likes ya more than 'Murica." he finished, with an added eyeroll for good measure.
"Leave us alone, Witch." He hissed, turning to the supersoldier, he whispered, "Steve, we're being out done by Barnes and Wilson, I cannot allow this under my roof." He insisted, with the most sarcastic sadness Steve had ever heard.
"Alright Tony, okay! Chi-Tony relax!" Steve laughed, as his lover's flailing arm collided with his lips. "Mmph!" He grunted, gently pushing Tony's arm away. Tony rolled onto his back, looking up at Steve as the movie started to play. He said nothing, just stared at Steve, studying every inch of his face as the blonde tried to comprehend why a kid would feel the need to have a pet tarantula. Steve held Tony's hand, occasionally squeezing it at points of interest in the movie.
"Kid..it's so early..What is it?" Tony growled, leaning over to give Steve a quick apology kiss on his cheek. Peter looked at him, confused.
Bucky sat lazily on one of the chairs, leg draped over the armrest and a half eaten can of cookies on his stomach, groaning quietly. He came into Clint's vision and the archer froze, his arms stuck to his side, his fists clenched so tight his knuckles were white.
"Steve..." He choked, as he read the large "Per Se," sign in front of the fancy doors. "This place is so expensive..."
"Tony!" Steve hissed, pushing his boyfriend back down and leaning close to his lover's face. "At least behave around the kid, Jesus Christ..." Tony laughed and leaned up for another kiss, receiving an eye roll from Steve before getting it.
"Come on, Tony." he whispered, giving him a light shove. "Time to get up." The brunette let out a dramatic groan, pushing himself up and off of Steve. He cracked his neck, giving Steve an eyeroll for disturbing his sleep. Happy opened the door, and Steve was close to dragging to stubborn genius out of the vehicle .
"We're great, thank you." Steve replied quickly before Tony could ask for any kind of Scotch or fancy liquor. He wanted him sober for the events that were to follow.
"I wasn't done, Tony." he complained, watching him disappear into the kitchen.
The sound of glasses clinking in celebration, along with Steve happily pointing out Tony's deep blush, a rare occasion, filled the dining hall for a long while until Jarvis announced food was about to be brought out.
"Hold up- Steve?" He asked, turning around to stare at the blonde through narrowed eyes, "Did EVERYONE but me know about this?" Steve allowed a smirk to spread across his face.
"Stark! You promised me no one would see that footage 'as long as your star spangled ass shall live'!" Steve hissed, watching in agony as the Steve on screen looked up at the cameraman, in this case, Tony, and gave him a slight eyeroll.
"Yeah..uh..Buck, my guy." Tony hummed, between sips of Loki's unfinished Asgardian stuff. "Shit, this stuff's pretty good!" He observed, as Loki gave him a disapproving glare.
"We'd also like to congratulate our two team leaders, best friends, and closest family- or so we'd like to think, on finally pulling their heads out of their asses and getting engaged. We all wish you the best." They said in unision.
“Anyway, don’t you have the other timeline to save? What are you still doing here?” The shorter man asked incredulously, pushing Steve back.
Steve sighed as he exited Principal Fury’s office, thinking about what he was going to say to Tony about this. He rubbed his raw knuckles, smirking slightly at the memory of Hammer’s jaw cracking under them.
"Commander Fury, I have nearly all the evidence I need to implicate him."
Why had Tony pushed him away when Tony cared
“JARVIS, run the simulations again –
That, Tony has to admit, is true.
Tony marches towards him. "Ten years!" he snaps, shoving violently at Steve's chest. "Ten years and you waltz in here, on an invitation from Howard - and you
“What? It even rhymes.”
Being back in the cold November winds of New York after a week in sunny California was dampening his mood, and being forced to come to another one of Howard's galas made him utterly miserable. There was no point in him being here other than Obie and Howard's insistence that he be groomed to be CEO, except Tony's gone through enough etiquette lessons to know how to strike up conversation with a
"Perhaps not. Or perhaps yes. Perhaps you are the future he never had the wisdom to imagine," Peggy spins them both through the kitchen, edging them further away from the window. "He wanted you safe, for whatever reason, and HYDRA wants you alive because no one else can make the weapons you do."
"We need people as brave as you on our team."
And yet, Tony lifts himself up on his toes to reach for the set of larger plates on the top shelf, and Rhodes laughs. “Here I thought you missed me, not my waffles.”
No one is there to watch him, or to ask him what's suddenly gotten his sour mood to lift.
"Don't worry, I know I'm smaller than you, but I can build an extra guest room here for you."
To be entirely fair with Liberty, many of Steve’s dates
Tony flinches at the name, harder than usual. Had his captors called him that? Steve gives the doctor a warning look before promising, "we'll get you pudding then. And some warm, sweet coffee."
“Their parents are my parents’ friends,” he answers warily.
One of the pillars had survived the explosion, and it’s their saving grace, because the pillar was supporting another pillar that had fallen over Steve when AIM set off the bombs. The two of them are separated by twenty feet of concrete debris that shakes every time the crane outside lifts more of the building above them.
It's then, with Tony half-blinded by the lights, when a shout comes, shrill and panicked. "Ticking! The thing's ticking!"
He needs the full story, and he's
“That boy,” Howard huffs. “He’s always been unruly. Wouldn’t have guessed you were educated in the same place.”
He misses the human Jarvis, but the Jarvises are safe in their retirement hideout and this JARVIS is just as real.
Autumn means ten months since he started secretly dating his high school friend, and slightly over a year since their decade-long time apart ended.
"You read my mind, Cap."
"We'll send someone else over," Peggy offers him a way out. "I have the crash site blocked out for the next four hours. No one else can know before Tony."
Third, avoid Tony Stark at all costs.
"Sorry."
Tony crosses his arms. “That’s sexist.
"J, it's time for you to wake up, buddy."
choose Steve.
But the painting haunts him as Jarvis takes him through a winding maze of high-arching corridors, past countless carven doors and decorative tables with vases of wilting flowers – carnations on one table, wisterias in the other, Steve can hear an echo of Tony’s voice teaching him about the colors – and the occasional photograph accompanying those flowers.
There's a missing link, Tony is sure of it, the puzzle pieces buzzing just out of his reach. It didn't make
“Your loss.”
“After a battle, and he likes it when you feed him the pudding from the med wing,” Rhodey finishes, and
work. "If we don’t take risks, we don’t grow. Besides," Tony digs up his memory of last Monday's meeting, "making something new might quiet the activist protests.”
This is it, Tony realises. He wanted to push Steve away, and this is the breaking point, where he needed one last push to send the cracks crumbling.
stupid. Steve.” Tony's hand squeezes, tighter around his wrist, and his pulse drums against it. “
"Steve, I - I need to get my head on right. I need - not to break up with you," he backtracks on his plan. "Just a break." For around a year, until Tony figures out this HYDRA mess and deals with it. "Give me time."
Steve stares into the expanse of light blue sky, the world moving on and uncaring.
“You don’t get to threaten Steve because you want my weapons,” Tony goes straight to the heart of this game, tired of beating around the bush.
There's a gleeful pleasure at flaunting all of Howard's rules, driving cars that Howard had kept far away from New York to be far away from Tony.
“Threatening the safety of everyone on this ship isn’t funny,” he insists. Irritatingly polite as ever, Steve adds, “no offense, Bruce.”
Few people could pass the mansion’s gates without being questioned.
He doesn't ask her the '
“Certainly, sir.” With a small bow, Jarvis walks away, leaving behind a terse silence.
the Air Force's rangers. With a large beard, the man is holding a Stark gun.
"Ignore me," Tony winces.
“Morning, Nat,” he takes his usual spot by the counter, drumming his fingers on the polished wood.
And the world he's trying to save.
Ana gives Steve's shoulders several pats. "I've heard a lot about you, but I
"Well, Miss Chavez, you know how I can only carry one of you at a time?" Tony waits until the girl nods. "Mister Steve can carry
Huffing, Stark stands back up. “She’s a good service dog.”
But generally, being impaled with a rebar and trapped under the massive pile of rubble that used to be New York City Hall is among the unfortunate parts of the Avenging job. And having a two hundred pound suit caving into your stomach was the Iron–Man–specific misfortune.
(Except, Tony’s never been quite good with rules.)
“Well, I can. In exchange for a promise.”
"Traitor," Tony hisses.
If Tony really had set his sights on marrying Rhodes, then well. It
They find base after base full of stolen Stark weaponry and a new underground group calling themselves the Ten Rings, but never the right one. Or perhaps they've found the right one, just never realised Tony's body was in it.
“That's not a no, Doctor,” Steve can't resist saying.
, he'd grin even as he broke another law of physics.
Oh. Maybe JARVIS
The laws of probability rejected the possibility of coincidence.
Tony sucks in a ragged breath, and Steve pauses, considerate as ever even in anger.
Bucky and his Ma, the busy streets of the city. No empty silences or other boys sneaking into his room.
Tony wants Rhodey far, far away when this clusterfuck eventually explodes, and this liaison thing was going to slow down the man's career.
Eyeing the cracks on the ceiling and the soft dust falling on them every so often, Tony hopes that it'll be sooner than later. "Is my leg bleeding?"
Steve treads lightly over the marble stone of the Malibu Mansion, wincing at the loud echoes of his own footsteps.
"Of course, Captain."
. He shouldn’t have let himself blurt it out like that, his self-control lost in the pleasant buzz after Steve’s far too-chaste kiss. “One day,” Tony repeats. “Hopefully. If you want.”
"No," Tony answers, "not enough."
“You’re not getting into that surgery tomorrow if you don’t do that lady’s post-op paperwork,” Tony points out.
"Why?" Peggy asks.
Rhodey rubs his temples wearily, the video feed blurring for a second. "If the Ten Rings think we're not searching for him, that might make them less cautious."
Tony starts spending two evenings a week tucked in Steve’s dorm room. Wednesdays and Saturdays are the usual schedule. If it happens to coincide with Sunset’s abysmal piano practice sessions, well. Nobody can blame Tony for wanting to escape the harsh tunelessness of her attempts at playing waltzes.
“Technically,” Steve fires back, “I’m the only one who kisses you good night.”
He says his goodbyes to Natasha and Carol, leaving a fat tip for Clint and Kamala to collect later. Steve offers Tony a ride home on his motorcycle, which Tony very quickly turns down because he doesn't know what he'll do if he has to be pressed against Steve and those insanely large shoulders.
“Not all of us are supersoldiers with too much strength,” Tony huffs.
Few people were fortunate enough to count someone as brilliant and kind as Tony a friend, and compared to Tony’s wealth, Steve has nothing except his nightmares and a dog too protective for her own good. He doesn’t want to miss his chance by waiting too long. He also doesn’t want to lose his chance by being too presumptuous.
' he wants to ask, '
“Then – ”
"Seventy three percent, sir."
actually a pretty nice view here,” he amicably observes. “A bit quiet. I get a view of the front lawn. Do you think they’d let me switch rooms with you? It’d be a nice change.”
“She helps me with my – ” Steve makes a half-hearted shrug, still getting used to talking about it, “my PTSD.”
Stark's lips twitch up one last time before he ignores Steve again, leaning over Kamala’s shoulder to ask her, “you understood that research?”
Tony comes to several realisations as the weapons investigation leads to consequences.
Tony glares at the paramedic – no, the firefighter. What was a firefighter doing here? – and he gives a short nod to Sam. There was another ambulance coming for him to greet. “Wilson, disinfect wounds, bind ribs – ”
"You said something to Bucky in the hall," Steve doesn't bother skirting around. Tony knows him as much as he knows Tony. "Something about building me things."
"Miss Potts will need her own protection detail," Fury announces without preamble, "Agent Coulson will be in touch with her. They cannot know we have this."
While he understands it’s part of her job description and training to be protective of Steve, he really would appreciate it if she toned down just a bit.
, those are
The elevator
“We’re running out of time,” Tony glances at the thick metal stretching out from his abdomen up into the air, connected to the pillar keeping the other pillar from snapping Steve’s spine. “And the rules of medical triage – ”
"And he drinks less than people believe," Pepper pulls out the chair next to Steve, sitting down. When put together, she had spent more time with Tony than Steve ever did. She knows well enough that Tony never drinks anything but coffee in the workshop. "Tony talked about you, Captain. He wouldn't want you to run yourself ragged like this."
He spends the rest of dinner wistful, the undercurrent of them dancing around each other less maddening than it should’ve been. If all this ends in dinner and them being friends, Steve will be… not pleased, no. He’ll be satisfied.
come here to try solve his search for a longer-term date.
He had been so
At least Steve won’t be a widow. At least Steve didn’t have to lose that too.
"Be more specific next time?" Steve hits at the - alright,
Day after day, Steve had felt increasingly ridiculous for hoping any reply would come.
“No morphine,” Steve says before Tony can ask. It lifts a weight of worry from him, just as it makes him squirm, uncomfortable with how quickly Steve has grown to know him.
Steve tries his damnedest to wrap his head around the schematics in Tony's private servers, shifting through something that resembles a new repulsor-tech vehicle called a 'Helicarrier', a flying medevac bay for disaster relief.
“Yeah,” Steve nods, not daring to look too long at Tony. He wraps his arms around Liberty instead, lifting her off the table to buy some time. As tall as Liberty is, her large body gives Steve an excuse to hide his face until he trusts himself to say evenly, “thank you for this, Doctor Stark.”
sort of thing would get back to Howard.
They don't chase away the fear or the guilt or the worry. His
” the protest comes quick.
"You're healthy enough to argue with me," Rhodey points out, with a softness that makes Steve look away, a pang hitting him.
"Uncertainty can't be erased."
The mansion’s halls are unfriendly to new visitors, and Steve only manages not to get lost thanks to his improved senses. Following the scent of freshly-baked pie, he escapes Howard Stark to find the kitchen, where he hopes Jarvis might give a clue on how to find Tony, and how to make amends.
"Steve, I - "
Most had been those new sleek missiles, but the ongoing investigation and the clear marks of Tony's hand in designing them meant Steve couldn't reveal more. And even if there was no investigation, Steve doesn't have the heart to tell Tony how many people those weapons had killed -
good.” Rogers is wearing the same blue jacket tonight, laughing beside Thor and Jane at the opposite corner of the bar.
wrench, flashlight, scissors, rubber gloves, and – ah, bandages. Good to go. “You’re riding in the second ambulance,” Tony tells Sam. “Page Doctor Foster, get her to handle the ER. If she’s busy, page Strange.”
He swallows, throat dry.
Eventually, Jarvis opens a glass door that leads out to a private garden enclosed in the heart of the mansion.
“Fine. If I answer your question, will you answer mine?”
zone existed. A hysterical part of him thinks that as an innovator, he might as well be forging new discoveries in romance too.
"There will never be an end to fighting," she explains in that roundabout way of hers, pushing Tony's mind to work, "men, always dissatisfied," she tutts. "Food and cheer and good company, that's the real treasure, not the gold they keep trying to win."
white shirt that leaves little to imagination.
He rubs his bleary eyes, staring at the bright yellow beak of the brown eagle that towers above him.
“Thor
The whirring of the helicarrier is a distant hum, barely noticeable beneath their tension. Tony takes out his packet of blueberries and offers it to Bruce first. It was vengefully childish, but if Steve apparently wanted to strike low blows, Tony wasn’t going to restrain himself.
"Let him in!" Steve yells at them when he rounds the corner of the hallway. "I could hear you from four floors down."
Instead, he takes a calming sip of his tea - the
Stark holds up a hand to cut him off. “Just keep our young hero healthy, won’t you, Doctor Wilson?”
, JARVIS had said. "Tony promised me that if I needed help, this should do the trick."
The pudding cup in his hand is nearly empty.
Pepper offers Steve a drink. Coffee.
“I’m not going anywhere,” Steve ends up sitting on the floor beside her. His phone rings, making Liberty yap. Steve pats her as he swipes his screen to answer, “hey Nat, sorry for the bust.”
“You know, if you needed to make lists,” Tony breaks the brief bit of silence between them, leg bouncing under the table, “I have laptops and tablets to do that for you. Even an AI you can talk to instead of pen and paper.”
He'll let himself have this for one more night.
The windows have been shattered, and there's a large wall of rubble to the other side of the ruined room. Sirens ring loud in his ear, but he can feel all his toes and fingers despite the aching pains throbbing everywhere. Next to them, the shield lies gathering dust on the remains of the carpeted floor.
Tony's bare shoulders are covered in sprays of blood, a jacket wrapped around his head - it lodges something in Steve's throat, the unsaid words, the regret, the ring, the... the sheer, selfish relief.
Steve goes to grab his helmet, shaking his head. Whatever it was, it could wait.
And he doesn't want to know.
Squirming slightly, Stark wipes the corner of his mouth with the back of his hand. “A father. Has three daughters, had heart failure.”
Steve understands why Tony would find refuge here, where all anyone asks of Tony is what his favorite color is.
There is an eagle.
Settling into his usual chair at the corner of the kitchen island, Steve waits for Colonel Rhodes to finish using the stove. Sure, Steve
“Not at all,” Steve chuckles. He runs his hand through Tony’s hair.
He wants to resent her, but he can't.
“I can feed myself,” Tony has a second to protest before the spoon lands between his lips and the sweetness explodes on his tongue, and he’s chasing for more of the taste.
Howard and Maria Stark. December 16, 1997. Two weeks ago.
Tony's hand stills. He glances up at Steve, frowning. “Wait what?”
"You were young and learning. And Tony is special."
Next year, maybe, he’ll tell Steve.
Tony called bullshit on that. There was nothing that Tony
“I’ll bring you the designs next week.”
“Are you going to let me explain?”
“I won’t,” Tony fights against the sting in his eyes. This is for Steve. This is to keep Steve safe.
is enough to make Tony's hackles truly rise. Is Obie really doing this? “We like our privacy.”
Steve is clearly one of them. Sam was the one to suggest a service dog through the VA’s support system, Natasha had picked Liberty out with him, and Bucky had given her the name. Maddeningly enough, for all that Liberty barks at everyone, she curls up peacefully around Bucky’s cat Alpine.
Hitched breaths, a pounding that is far too fast, and the rustling of their bedsheets.
Steve shakes his head pointedly. “I don’t always disapprove of you.”
"Stay," he asks.
Tony freezes, and when Steve says, "no," it feels hollow.
Now openly staring at Steve in confusion, fighting hard against the urge to lean into Steve's hand, Tony props himself up on his elbows and ignores the fine pieces of rubble digging into his skin.
He hands the paper back to Steve and takes a long, sobering gulp of his coffee. “I'm glad the boy's doing better.”
“Isn’t it against the law for the precinct to defend the fire department?” Tony tries another angle. "The blood fued rivalry thing?"
Careful to not show his frustration, Tony flips the computer screen. The computer's one of his proudest inventions, slick and simple, even if it's too expensive to market yet, and it'll have to do for a while until he discovers holographic tech.
Hot coffee splashes over his hand.
When Stark doesn’t immediately throw Steve out of the crowded emergency room, the small thrill of victory makes Steve stand up straighter.
"You won't reach ninety if you keep changing - " he swerves around a bend, groaning when Sinatra starts playing again on the radio. Flicking his lights, he skids to a stop at the side of the road just to properly glare at Steve. "Are you trying to make me fall asleep?"
“Raincheck?”
saved lives. That his legacy wasn't only to build machines of death. “I mean it.”
Taking Howard’s hand firmly, he nods. “We went to the same boarding school.”
"I wish I could believe that. I really do."
"Ms. Virginia Potts and Mrs. Sarah Rogers."
"You know that arm I promised you for Bucky?" Tony flips the subject to the furthest possible thing he can manage.
When Steve answers, his words are more question than statement. “I caught you trying to help out in the kitchens during our first week here.”
“Rhodey would never let Butterfingers spend a day away from him. Just give me your address.”
Munching on the fries, Tony shrugs. “If I smiled the whole day long, some would accuse me of psychopathy.”
“Then enlighten me.”
One day. One day, Tony will ask.
Laughing, Peggy opens the door.
Coughing, Tony shrugs and scruncheshis nose. “You go first.”
“We’re fine. Tony – Doctor Stark is going to come over to make sure Libby’s alright.”
"Who are you?" a girl with curly black hair glares at Steve.
Steve nods, looking away. "Not going to be much use against an enemy I can't punch."
Gone was the old man. And yet, what did that leave Tony with? The crown to an empire of scrap metal tinged with death.
She was dead.
"And you're the child prodigy. I'm pretty sure you can come up with even better body armor for Captain America's boyfriend."
, light of my life, these waffles are to die for.”
He also really wants to speak with his mother.
Fury is sending another firetruck their way. Handing the hose over to Thor, Steve hops off the ladder, jogging to Carol.
"Anything for you both."
“Why would I go to the press about that?”
“You know, I could build him a prosthetic.”
Speaking of, "you mentioned a date tonight?" Steve squeezes Tony's hand. The ambulance sirens are growing closer.
That makes Stark blink. “You’re in the same battalion as Thor?”
It's a weight that Steve has to carry every day.
He takes it gratefully. "Friends, letters, supersoldiers. I'm just a man with a bunch of tools."
"We wouldn't be able to handle the lawsuit."
That leaves him very vulnerable to –
The shaft of light grows brighter, and the shadow of the pillar grows larger with it.
asthmatic with a laundry list of physical defects.
that all these letters would simply never reach him when his address was the most recognisable in New York.
"Do you need anything?"
Leaning his forehead on Steve's shoulder, he lets Steve drop a kiss on the crown of his head.
“And I think you’re going to enjoy this.”
And yet, Tony had been right.
"If it wasn't for my shield, you'd be in fifty pieces right now."
"You said you didn't want to build weapons."
His mother was more than sharp enough to spot if he was hiding anything, although she most often chose to remain tact about it. Tonight, however, her curiosity and mischief seemed to exceed her tact, and, "ah, the darling Captain everyone's been whispering about. Since my son hasn't offered me one, would you like a dance?" her grip on Steve's hand tightens, "as a thank you for everything you've done for my Tony."
“Go on ahead,” he tells Thor. “I’ll take a cab back to the station.”
"I'm always careful," Tony wipes his hand on his tank top, adding even more grease on it. Some of their school's etiquette lessons, however, seem to have stayed with Tony because he offers Steve one of the paper napkins. "I've slept with hundreds of women and never gotten any of the horrors from sex ed, and I've slept with
Steve doesn't hesitate. He's known what he wanted since the very beginning, and he had nearly asked the question himself last week.
He doesn't deserve the luxury of falling apart.
"Give me the bomb."
. Not Steve, certainly not
“And if they’re only bleeding out litres?” Sam asks.
let them go missing."
Also – well. It's nice to have Tony smile at him.
This time, Steve doesn't bother holding back his laugh. "I had to get your schedule from somewhere, Tony."
He'd done his best to try drive Rhodey away in a panic, partying excessively and throwing up all over the man's shoes.
None of them have reached beyond four months, which – Tony thinks with no small amount of bittersweet pride – is two months less than how long Steve had been willing to bear with Tony. (And even if anyone managed to outlast Steve’s time with Tony, Tony has no right to deny Steve his happiness just because Tony never deserved that happily ever after).
He wrenches the door open, not daring to look back. He doesn’t think he can bear seeing Steve for a second longer. Why hadn’t he just stayed with Ty and Sunset? At least he knew that they cared only for his money, at least he wouldn’t have been tricked to give away his secrets.
“On it!” Wilson rushes away.
“Don’t let Steve find the ring. He wouldn’t be able to forgive himself,” Tony forges onward, tasting the metallic tang of blood at the back of his throat. There’ll be reservations to cancel and flower orders to forget. They’ll figure it all out for him. “Give Pep the letter in my third bedroom drawer at the Tower – there’s a box there for you too,” Tony struggles to keep himself from drifting off to the painless nothingness, “and remember to give DUM–E his Christmas hats, okay?”
leaving you."
“Mrs. Carter is hardly a damsel,” Steve warily takes the seat across him, where Kamala's glass of lime soda still waits. In front of it is a new basket of potato wedges.
“Got it.”
Tony doesn't know if laughing is the appropriate response, but he can't stop himself.
“I know when my odds are rigged, Danvers.”
go somewhere.
"I'll tell the officer my friend was getting a bit raunchy with his coffee," Steve grins unrepentantly, chucking his stained shirt in the trunk too, and -
Progress, hope, courage, kindness.
Steve watches for several more heartbeats as Tony’s chest rises and falls.
That hadn't helped at all. Anything he tried to paint wounded up being too close to a goatee for comfort.
“Like my donuts?”
“How did you know?” Steve asks back between his winces. It's clear that he's trying hard not to show Tony the pain, but to his credit, the wound stretches from nearly his wrist down to his elbow.
"I thought you hated bullying," he argues quietly, attempting to reconcile acceptance and betrayal and fear. He had known that their friendship couldn't last long, it was only logical, but he didn't want it to end like
Today's a Friday.
“No means
Until his hands don't shake and his back can stand straight beneath the weight of his regret.
Nothing.
“Sam’s too good to me.”
Tony blinks, uncomprehending. He's usually brighter than this. “
Something flickers in Steve’s eyes, hanging between reluctance and revelation, but the hard set to his jaw had loosened the tiniest bit, and Tony knew he had won this fight. Even if Steve didn’t always believe him, he had always had faith in Tony’s abilities.
, he'd done all that in about the same time it took for Steve goddamn Rogers to become a supersoldier.
He moves aside. "Looking forward to it, Mr. Stane."
The sting of guilt is sharper, because Steve has heard hushed whispers of what Joseph Rogers had been like before he left a pregnant Sarah behind to fight another war.
“I’ll try my best,” Tony promises. There’s barely any chance he’ll actually be able to come. Christmas means parties at the mansion, Obie asking about his latest designs, and Tony standing perfectly poised in a suit.
"And Tony's heard less from you as he grew up," Stane tips his head to one side, "you understand why I'm cautious."
Steve, however, seems to have no such reservation. He shoves his hand gently into Tony’s pocket, wrapping around Tony’s gloved hand, and they’re close. So close that all Tony can hear is the buzzing of blood in his ears. No whispers, no footsteps on the gravel.
"I don't make knives!" Tony jerks his hand out of her grip, digging his nails into his fist because
It doesn't suit you, Rogers."
But for now, he lets the buzz distract him from the pain, and when Fury's team finally arrives to carry Tony out and into the medevac chopper, he holds tight to Steve's hand, refusing to let go of his comfort.
Now, more than ever, he feels his pacemaker whirr in his chest. “No biggie, then,” he flashes a smile at her.
Which was perfectly sweet and
that Carol was there to save Stark. “That's good.”
“She’s not wrong,” Carol, the traitor, points out. “You
Natasha's right. He needs to find a life outside the job. His apartment is depressingly bare, though, and Steve can do more good here.
“I am – ”
A sound forces its way up Tony’s throat, caught between a scream and a tired huff of breath. He doesn’t think he has the bandwidth to deal with another argument. All he wants is a hug from Steve, maybe even a kiss if he’s lucky. Expecting any of that when he had essentially abandoned Steve last night would be an asshole move, though. Giving and taking. He can’t always be taking from Steve.
“Rhodey’s a traitor.”
"Acrobatics was a necessary skill, especially with my shield," Steve shrugs.
“Okay,” Tony easily says.
He's dropped off more than twenty patients in the past six months into Doctor Stark's safe care, each time falling into conversation that gets easier and easier. Stark teases him about liking butter pecan ice cream and Steve badgers him for not getting enough sleep.
Steve watches as something in Rhodey's expression twitches, and on screen, Rhodey's hand fiddles with a pen. "Tony wouldn't have let you come back. He was trying to find himself, and he needed to do it alone." The truth stings, but Rhodey goes on, "I don't think he was ready for you. I don't think you were ready for him either - and I doubt any of us can be ready for him."
"I nearly lost Bucky to an explosion like this. I can't lose you either."
“Go home, Steve,” Tony opens the cab door pointedly. “Not good manners to let your girl out in the cold so long.” On cue, Liberty barks yet again.
"So," Tony starts as soon as she leaves, "has my
, Steve thinks as he helps her down, eyes searching for a familiar goatee.
"Hey buddy," Steve gives both bots a pat on their claws. "I miss Tony too." There are some truths easier to say to metal and steel and machine, who won't judge him for having a heart.
He takes it gratefully.
All Steve wants is a chance to breathe: he's become a supersoldier, fought on hundreds of battlefields, protected Tony from a bombing at the
"What?" Steve jerks back, jostling Tony enough that a sharp pain lances through his leg.
