“Don’t! You don’t get to judge him. Not you. Before I let him up, get your sister the fuck out of our faces.”
“I’ll stay for as long as you need me.”
Dean chuckled darkly, which sent another shock of arousal straight to Castiel’s cock. “So, making you drop to your knees to suck me off in front of them wouldn’t be on your to do list right now?”
The woman let them go after a few moments with some papers; class lists, an impressively detailed map with the room for each class marked neatly but boldly, a list of source books the teachers required the students to read for the semester. Hell, the woman had even provided a list of prices for the cafeteria food.
“It just lets us know here at the school that you do have a guardian.”
“Yeah, right. Sure thing. Bobby’s next of kin then. Whatever.” Dean muttered. He didn’t think he would ever get used to having to put his, or, more importantly, his brother’s, life in the hands of some outsider wannabe with nothing to lose and everything to gain by having Dean and Sam under their control.
“Yes, isn’t it a shocker? I talk, and I do cartwheels as well.”
All the while Dean was making a bee-line down Castiel’s body, straight for his cock, which he quickly pulled from his jeans and took into his mouth. It didn’t take long after that for Castiel to completely blank. And it wasn’t until Dean made the first push inside of him that Castiel’s mind came screeching back to reality. He grunted and then let out a small, muffled scream of pain.
After a while Sam asked, “So, you think we could stay?”
It was a long discussion, and clearly Summer had gotten more than she’d bargained for once the doctor began describing, in as much detail as he could, exactly how lucky she truly was. He explained that because the burn was just too extensive and could possibly take too long to heal, the leg couldn’t be cast so they’d had to insert a metal rod.
“We need to give him an answer, Dean.”
"Well. Duh. Of course you didn't. You had just pulled our daughter from a burning fucking building. I would have been a bloody mess too. I understand."
“Now, Jack.” Cass told him sternly.
“Where are you going now?” Sam asked, following him.
“Come on, Sammy, I wanna get outta here.” Dean muttered to himself, sensing trouble as the passenger of the Porsche got out and headed to the front of the two cars, where Dean was inching towards the blade that had been begging to be used all day.
Straight into the deep pools of blue eyes. He inhaled sharply. He hadn’t realised that he was being watched while he’d been focused on his brother. His eyes narrowed into a challenging glare and Castiel blushed and looked away.
So, why did it feel like he’d taken ten billion steps backwards?
“Take your time, Dean. Get your words together before you speak. You know how much it helps.” Sam said gently. Dean was about to reveal his biggest secret, the one thing that could get him so worked up that he stuttered, badly. So, to do that, he had to overcome the stutter before he said anything. “And when it gets too bad, I’ll take over.” He added.
“We’re all a little broken, Bobby. We just have to show them that we’re not going to walk away from them.”
“The nurse gave me six stitches and she’s just gone to get me a moon boot for my ankle. Do you know why Dean would say he’d carry me everywhere with crutches?”
“But I like him, Sammy. What if he doesn’t think I can protect him enough? I couldn’t even protect myself.” Dean answered, looking down at his hands as they rested in his lap.
“Or we can have him fitted with a moon boot?” The nurse offered. Meg, her name tag said.
“I’m not supposed to tell you.”
For years, he and Dean had done as they’d pleased; eaten when they were hungry, showered if and when they felt like it. For Dean, he’d aged past needing a parent, and now, suddenly he had a couple who wanted to do exactly that; parent him, like an idiot child.
Cass watched his daughter’s reaction during the officer’s commentary with mounting horror. His daughter was lucky to be alive. He and his husband had been sleeping peacefully while their daughter had been involved in a police chase and the resulting car crash.
“It ain’t what you said yesterday.”
Dean nodded.
“You were the one who attacked me. Kissing me like that? After your bullshit this afternoon at my parents’ place? You bet your ass you’re going to fuck me.”
Dean heaved a sigh. "The beam shattered her leg. And the flames caused severe burns to the limb from her waist to her ankle. It's the smoke inhalation we need to be concerned about. Damn it Cas. I couldn't save her. Why was I so weak? When it truly mattered the most, I was weak. If she lives through this, she'll have those burns for the rest of her life. Every time she looks at them she'll be reminded of how I failed her."
“Shut up. You’re going to tell Dean that you didn’t mean to call him stupid. And you’re going to do everything and anything it takes to make him stay. Even if it means straddling him and taking it up the ass. And when you’re done, you’re gonna help him take his bag out of the boot and back up to our room and unpack it for him.”
“In here Bobby.”
But, neither boy made an appearance and neither Sam, nor Dean, had any classes with them.
“DEAN!” Sam shouted in alarm when he saw his brother standing up to some random guy he’d never seen before. But then, duh, this was his brother he was talking about, “Are you ok?” he asked, less concerned, though he was definitely very alert as he walked back to the car, wondering if his brother needed him at his side.
Dean had done that a few times over the course of the group being there to do what they had to do. Castiel had been upset and had walked away; flustered and confused the first time he’d done it. But Sam had simply explained that Dean was doing it to get a rise out of the Novaks. Dean was itching for a reason to break someone’s face, and the best thing Castiel could do was ignore it for now and make Dean pay for it after they’d left.
“Did you call Ellen or Bobby?” Sam asked.
“No. Why?”
Little did he know he was the great prize; He was the only one that didn’t see that.
“Then why did you tell me?”
And Dean was crushing on Castiel, wasn’t he?
“What does that mean?” Dean exclaimed.
“Yeah.”
"Shut up, idjit. You are not fine. Look at your bloody hands, Dean. Wait til I tell dad. Idjit." Cas retorted as a nurse came into answer the call button.
“Thanks for the comfort.”
Dean handed the first page to his twin and began reading the next piece of paper. “This one looks like an application to adopt a child. But I don’t… what does this mean?”
“I’ll fucking kill the fucking bastard. How dare he lay his hands on my little girl! I’m gonna kill him. And then I’m gonna ground her for the rest of her life! How dare she lie to my face! To my face! She lied! Jesus. I knew there was something off about that kid. He was in my house, Dean! He’s eaten at my dinner table! He looked me in the face and promised he would treat my daughter like a princess! I tried to give him the benefit of the doubt for Alex’s sake! But I knew. I just knew he was bad news.”
“Whatever.” Sam laughed.
Dean shrugged and dug around in the fridge for his brother’s coke, grabbing one for himself. He carried them and his over-the-top sandwich up to the room he shared with his twin and silently set the drink beside him. Sammy hated being distracted while he studied. He dug into his sandwich while he watched his brother work; there was something in the way Sam worked on his books that helped Dean pick up more by watching him than he ever could by listening to a teacher drone on about the subject in a classroom. His brother had a calming effect on him, too, so it helped when Sam had to explain what Dean didn’t understand.
“Go back to bed, Jack.” Dean snapped.
After a while, when the pancakes were gone and the boys had lapsed into silence, the driver’s side back door opened and Castiel let out a small grunt-huff sound as he wrestled his leg and the crutches into the car. Gabe got in behind Sam and slid over so Jo could get in too.
She smiled up at him and his heart gave a giant leap of happiness. She was here. She was alive and well. Nothing else mattered.
“Dad? Where am I? Where’s pops?”
“You know, I didn’t tell you to get a lecture.”’
Around the time the canteen staff were bringing food around to the patients, the doctor in charge of treating Dean’s hands came in to speak to them. “I’ve had a discussion with the doctor taking care of your daughter. And we’ve agreed that given the condition of your hands, while it isn't very likely, there is a chance of infection, which is why we’re going to admit you. And under the circumstances, we’ll have you in here so that you can stay together."
The boys finished their meal and then took their plates to the sink to begin washing up. Jo brought hers over, followed by Castiel, who brought his and his brother’s. Castiel asked if Dean was alright, but it didn’t compute in Dean’s mind.
Before the music could annoy Sam too much, they were back at Bobby’s place and they pulled up to the side of the big house and got out.
“Was anyone hurt?” Dean asked the officer.
“I’m doing your homework, Jerk.”
Dean didn’t have to look at his brother to know the kind of look he was being given right now. Sam was sad that Dean could never truly be comfortable being confined to society’s restrictions. He was ‘born free’; never meant to be tamed. But Sam was different. He was the one who deserved to be happy and to live a real life.
“Well, I wouldn’t want to get him into trouble…”
“Cas and Gabe are both gay, for sure. But they’re also very shy about it. Parents are religious nuts. Their uncle, Chuck, is gay and their parents disowned him and now they sprout homophobic propaganda. The boys confessed to the table, but they’re terrified of coming out to their parents.”
“Why? It’s not like he wants me to kiss him or anything, what could I possibly do or say that would keep him here?”
Nothing could put his lights out like Cas could.
Finally, she calmed down and thanked him before hanging up. He sighed. He wasn’t stupid. He knew Jody very well. She’d practically raised him and his brother after their mother had been killed and their father passed them around amongst his friends and family to raise and take care of. That was before Bobby Singer had officially adopted them, and even then she’d hung around like an aunt.
“Yeah, and he’s the only one who gets to call me that. So don’t try it.” Sam spoke up, now sitting at the other end of the table with Gabe, Benny and Crowley.
Cass was silent for a moment; not because he had to consider the question, but because he was trying not to visualise the scenario his husband had just painted for him. He’d once seen Jody lose her shit protecting her family, after a nutjob off of his schizophrenia medication stormed the primary school Claire, Alex and Jack were at. It had not ended well for the man. So for Dean to put himself in her place had the roles been reversed, it made Cass see his point of view; a cop can be professional and behave as the situation called for it. But. Make it personal, and all that went out the window.
"You're talking to them now." Dean answered, gesturing to where Cas now sat, next to Summer's bed with his hands over hers, staring up at the monitor, quietly beeping away.
“I don’t think he cares, Uriel. Look, man, whoever you are…”
“You do like me, don’t you?” Castiel turned shy – teasing, if Dean had to describe it – and twiddled his fingers like a demure young virgin.
“So, what do I say?”
How else was a lawyer and a cop expected to handle their children?
It had been him and Sam, alone, fending for themselves, for years. Four, since their father had died when they were a few weeks shy of their fourteenth birthdays, but more if you counted the fact that Dear Old Dad had been drinking himself into a coma almost nightly for the last however many years before that. Most of the time he’d leave his boys in a hotel room, or on the back seat of the Impala, while he drained the nearest pub, and their food money. Sam and Dean had had to fight off many scum bags looking for cheap thrills inside the bodies of defenceless children.
Jo knew most of the story from what Bobby and Ellen had discussed with the boys when they’d first come to stay, so her reaction wasn’t so shocked. However, what she didn’t know was that Dean and Sam had more to hide that not even Bobby knew about.
“Were what? What’re you gossiping about, Samantha?” Dean asked, appearing out of thin air at his twin’s side. He swatted Sam’s hair and then sat down beside him, regardless of the fact that Gabe was already sitting there, even ignoring Gabe’s protest when he was forced to make room.
“Why did you say it at all?”
“Be thankful that’s all he did. He could have pushed the knife through your chest.” Dean quipped.
“Except you’re haunted by the one time you had to kill to protect me.”
“Who’s asking?”
“A man, as in Castiel Novak?”
Suddenly, the absurd thought that, despite how they behaved in the presence of others, she knew for a fact that all changed at home. The memory of her father, Dean, dropping to all fours and crawling across the kitchen floor and laying his head down in her lap and looking up at her with puppy dog eyes resurfaced.
And then suddenly he was being kissed. It was possessive and greedy and Castiel gasped at the intensity. Dean moaned and pressed his advantage. Castiel didn’t understand how Dean could be so tender and yet so aggressively possessive all at the same time. But then, he certainly wasn’t going to complain, not when he was being lifted by two strong arms at his ass and placed carefully on the hood of the Impala. He hooked his ankles together behind Dean’s back and pressed their bodies together like he never intended to let the other teen go.
“Now, I’m willing to go easy on you, since I assume that you are unaware of what happened to the last guy who picked on Castiel. But I did say that I would protect him like I protect my brother. And the last time I had to act to protect Sam, the other guy did not survive his injuries. Nod if you understand me.”
“I don’t. But I’m curious. Is he, like a freak down there or something?”
“And if I don’t? What’re you gonna do about it, Winchester?” Cass challenged playfully.
“Dean, let her go, you’re hurting her. Come on babe. We almost lost her to a fire, don’t let her gravestone read ‘survived a fire and a broken leg, only to be crushed to death by my father’s bear hug’. Come on.” Cass teased, gripping Dean’s upper bicep to begin prying his husband away from their injured daughter.
“The driver was killed. The car spun out of control on a slip of ice and smashed into a tree. The paramedics were concerned your daughter may have a concussion, which is why they wanted her to go to the hospital, but she refused. No one else was seriously hurt.”
“You hated that dog.” Sam argued.
“I’m sorry, but it’s policy that we need an adult over 18 to sign next of kin paperwork.”
Dean grumbled something under his breath but didn’t react to his brother’s taunts.
Gabriel showed up then, out of breath and panicked. “Someone told me Alistair was trying to kill my brother!”
“What’s a pulmonologist?”
“Hey, look, we was just playin. Cas and me, we’re old pals, right Castiel?” Lucas pleaded.
“He would too. Dean, stop it. You can’t go around bashing up everyone you don’t like. And for heaven’s sake, put the knife away!” Sam scolded.
“Come on, lover boy, let’s go and see this granddaughter of mine.” Ellen told him, gently guiding him back inside so he could lead them to Summer’s room.
His brother appeared then and held out a paper cup of water for him. “Just remember to breathe, Dean.”
The room erupted in snickers and snide comments. A few shot the boys pitying looks, some smirked at their misery, others looked glad to be out of the firing line today.
“And I meant what I said.”
“I’m not an animal, Castiel, despite what people think of me. I can control my urges.”
“Which was?”
And on he went to the bedroom he shared with his twin and dropped Cas onto the bed by the window.
“You mean, like a next of kin thing in case something happens?” Sam asked this time.
So, Dean’s way of coping was to be the big strong ‘alpha male’ type of guy. The ‘real men don’t cry, and real men don’t use kitchens because that’s women’s work’ sort of guy.
Cas shot out of the parking lot and raced through the traffic to get to his daughter and husband. His stomach twisted with bile until he thought he was going to be sick. He and Dean had waited for years to adopt their daughter and now she was being rushed to a hospital for whatever fire related injury she had sustained.
“Cas go home did he?” She asked. She’d known them for a lot of years, had even had a hand in raising them after Bobby had adopted them. And if there was one thing she knew about Dean, it was that it wasn’t easy sneaking up on him…
After a few more moments and at least a million more questions, even Summer agreed she would rather stay in the hospital until the doctors were comfortable in letting her go.
Because Sam would be damned if he let his brother go without going with him to hash this out.
“Hey, thanks for breaking it up. But he’s not going to rest now. You made him cry in front of an audience.”
Dean stood sentry at the door with his arms folded across his chest and one ankle crossed over the other. It was a position that suggested unguarded laziness and apparent carelessness. It had worked to fool many a hardened street rat trying to get the drop on him and Sam. Unfortunately for most of them Dean was faster and far more guarded than he let on, even lazing about against a doorjamb in some pretentious snob’s house. And none of them had managed to do it in at least six years.
“It’s alright, it won’t happen again.”
“Hey, I was being comforting. If it had been Sam I’d have just told him to suck it up.”
Dean shot the doctor an 'are you serious' look, dropping one burned hand to his knee, showing off his gear. "I'm a fire fighter. Its kinda my job description. This time it was a giant support beam. And it had a girl pinned under it. That one." Dean told him, pointing over to the bed where his daughter lay.
“Nothing. Just wanted to show you that family don’t end with blood, boy. It don’t have to run in my veins for you to be my nephews, Dean. Family is family and you’re mine. Now read the next two pages.”
Sam loved it here, with these people, with Bobby and Ellen. He loved the friends they’d managed to make at school. He didn’t want them to think badly of his brother because of something out of Dean’s control.
That ended their conversation and they turned and went to lunch.
“Yeah, well, that ain’t stoppin it from botherin me!”
Cass snickered and slid off Dean’s lap but stayed close. “Can I call you my boyfriend?” He asked nervously.
“You got something to say?”
Of course, getting him and their father to the hospital had meant that Dean had been unable to avoid the authorities, which had led them to being placed in separate foster homes for the first time in their lives. Dean swore up and down that he’d felt the abuse Sam had endured at the hands of the man he’d been placed with once he’d left the hospital, claiming, twin connection. Sam had doubted it, having known his brother the way he did, he’d put everything that had happened in the days following their separation down to the fact that Dean was protective, mistrustful and had absolutely refused to be parted from his brother.
“There’s a fine line between using toys to bring you satisfaction, and having a professional take it up a notch or three thousand.”
Sam nodded mutely. It wasn’t that Dean was in a bad mood and deliberately being rude to Bobby by ignoring him. This was Dean being insecure about what Bobby would do or say regarding the incident at school the day before – he knew, even though Dean hadn’t mentioned it, that his brother was expecting Bobby to throw him out; just like every other foster home in the past.
The first thing he said to Dean once he was in the car and had given him the plate he’d walked out with was, “You know Cas didn’t mean what he said in there, right?”
“Holy shit. And he’s sarcastic to boot. Be still my beating heart, I think I’m in love!” Dean declared, making Castiel blush as red as a tomato and hung his head again.
Dean decided their conversation had to end now, so he shifted closer to his brother and threw his arm around his neck, pulling him into a headlock. He knuckled his brother’s hair and then kissed it before pushing him away. “Stop yer bitchin. And for the record, I am twenty minutes older than you are.”
“Nah, we’ll take the crutches. I suppose I can carry you wherever you need to go without the crutches. Upstairs and shit like that.” Dean shrugged.
“Misters Winchester?” The officer asked.
“I trust Jo.” Dean finally said, trying to be sincere.
“Yeah, but I need to get out on the other side. I was sick here.” Cass explained, gesturing to the mess he’d made, just seconds before Gabriel stood in it.
“Wait, this is my fault?”
“No. No, she’s fine. I’m not calling about her. I told you because while I was questioning her on what happened, I found out some thing you need to know about Alex. Or the guy she’s been seeing, actually.”
Before Dean could respond the back door on Dean’s side opened and his brother hit the side of his head from behind. “Break it up, we have to get to school.”
Their conversation dropped off as they began to re-focus on their metal projects. Something about making a metal lock box, according to the teacher. Crowley’s project looked somewhat in the range of ‘box’, though one that might have been run over by a Mack truck a couple times before being dropped over the side of a cliff.
“Sweet. You and I are going to be good friends. Here, have my fruit squeeze, mum threw it at me as I was leaving this morning, said she wants me to start eating healthy. Please, burgers are my life. You’re not gonna catch me shoveling healthy shit into this mouth.”
“He hit you with this belt?” Dean spat, looking at Cass.
And, like that, as if he could see where things were headed, Sam blasted the horn, which caused Dean to jump away, if only at the mouth, and glare down into the car. Given that his hand was on Castiel’s zipper, and by extension, his prick, the bitchface Dean managed to give his twin was severe and deadly. If it were anyone else, they'd have been a pile of ash by now.
“Is there anything else?”
Cass slid over and pressed himself into Dean’s side as he attached himself by mouth to Dean’s neck, licking and sucking.
“I do not.”
Gabriel’s mouth dropped open and he stared at Sam for a long moment.
“I’m afraid there’s been an accident.”
Dean shot the man a dubious look and opened it. He removed three sheets of paper. The first sheet was hard to read because it was written in legal nonsense, except for the line of text that jumped out at him like a freight train; “Mary  Campbell, adopted into the Singer family at age four. Birth parents deceased. No other blood relatives.” He read aloud.
He turned to smirk at them, revelling in the glares of pure hatred and revulsion he saw projected in their eyes, “your son, who you made to feel so threatened that he asked to have a bodyguard this afternoon, just to get his stuff; yeah, he’s going to spend his night on his hands and knees, his face buried into his pillow, with another man’s cock rammed so far up his ass he’s gonna feel it for a week. I am gonna pound him into my mattress so hard that he’ll be seeing stars. And he’s not going to spare you a single damn thought. Not. Once.”
Sam stood up out of his crouch so that he could turn to Dean and hold out his hand. Dean smirked and the switch blade he’d tried to give to Castiel earlier that morning appeared in his hand. Sam nodded, and, just before he turned to use the knife he lashed out with his leg, stomping sideways down on Uriel’s ankle.
After a moment he shrugged and looked over at Charlie, adding, “But. Even as kind as those ones were, Dean’s favourite one is Scrapper. A woman named Mosely gave him the nickname when she read his file. The agency branded him a Fighter, because he always got into fights with the other kids and the foster families always sent us away again. It was meant to be a brand. A tarnish. Something bad and demeaning. But she took it and gave it new meaning, for both of us. She told us we could let it define us as something negative. Or we could turn it around. Make it mean that we get the shit beat out of us, and we still get back up. We have literally been fighting to survive our whole lives. And that’s not a bad thing. We are fighters. We are survivors. Thing is, it’s hardened Dean. And, some times, I feel like its hardened me, too.”
She let the statement drop there and the small group found a table for lunch.
“What the fuck did you just say, fuckwad?”
“How can you be so sure, Dean? You have fought tooth and nail to hold onto your lack of trust in the world. Aren’t you tired?”
“Tell me?”
“Sammy?”
Sam snickered and walked over to investigate the pile of pancakes Bobby had pointed out on the bench.
“You have to start somewhere.” Sam said out loud.
“Yo, Jo, who’s this?” It was the deep southern accented baritone of another teen who had appeared over Jo’s right shoulder.
“I DON’T KNOW! PLEASE, DON’T HURT ME!”
“Course I like having those things. I just don’t trust that it’s going to last. It never does for us. Better to keep a distance. That means not making ties that are gonna hurt when it does go to shit. So, bang him then cut him loose.”
Dean was frantic. Dean was never a frantic type of person and it gave Castiel pause. He stopped mid stride and shifted from, 'Can't talk now', to, 'you have my undivided attention'. "Dean, baby, calm down. Breathe. In, hold, out. Now tell me, calmly. What's wrong?"
“Can you honestly say that it won’t?”
Oops, his bad.
Again, Dean tensed, his fists still bunched into fists, but tucked into his armpits, Cass didn’t notice them. Dean watched him wearily until they were toe to toe.
“Oh, I’m sure you love to force IT down his throat.” Jo teased.
Street Rat instincts kicking in.
It was how they presented themselves to the outside world.
Cass clicked his tongue and rolled his eyes. “Alright smarty pants. You get a pass. This time. But don’t think that cheek will last forever.” He told her affectionately. “Besides, I don’t think your father could handle another incident like this.”
“Yes, Gabe, please, leave it alone.” Sam agreed.
Silence fell over them again as Castiel, kneeling beside Dean's  seat, his arms thrown around Deans shoulders in a death grip, Summer's hand still gripped tightly in both of Dean's. He let his head fall against Dean's jacketed chest again and Dean's dropped onto the top of his.
“Will it though?” he muttered. But she was already asleep, so he didn’t get an answer.
He found his brother packing his bag into the trunk. “Mine in there as well?” Sam asked.
He sighed and rolled over to sleep. But it alluded him for another hour.
“Wait, he’s leaving? What? Why? Why would he…”
Dean appeared beside him and squatted to his level, forcing Cass to turn and look at him. “You’re exhausted. You should get some sleep. She’s in a coma, she’s not going to wake up any time soon.”
“Jo’s been kind enough to talk her mother into letting us stay this week, I’ve always liked Bobby and Ellen.” Cass told Dean.
“He means Sam and Dean just turned on each other. Viciously. In front of the entire school, and you’re not telling us why. We need to know how bad it’s going to get. Should we be worried?”
It was Sam that spoke first. “You over your sulk or are you going to skip dinner tonight?”
This was supposed to be a fresh start.
Dean turned to look his brother in the eye. “You got a good thing going here, Sammy, why would you leave with me?”
“Dude, that was you?” Dean laughed, despite his current mood, which Cas took as a good sign.
“And as I blow my load all over him, wanna know what my last thought will be? It’ll be this moment, the looks on your faces right now as the visual settles into your heads. I will always remember the looks on your faces as the realisation dawns on you. For the rest of your lives you are going fall asleep knowing that your son is being fucked by another man. Is his voice breaking around repeated cries for me to fuck him harder? Or, maybe he’s on his knees with my cock in his mouth, tasting every last bit of come I give him?”
“No.”
“Oh, really? What if I decided I didn’t want you to control… certain animal urges?”
“If you don’t, I am going to make you regret it.” Dean told him huskily.
Looking for some feedback.
“You let your sons drink alcohol?” Gabriel asked in utter shock, eyeing the bottle in Sam’s hand and the absolute professionalism in the way Sam removed the top.
Beside him, Sam sighed and did the same.
“I’ve always called him Sammy.”
“So, he wanted, what, for you to hit on her or something?”
“I am such an idiot. I knew she was up to something. I knew it, and I still let her get in that car with the bastard. He was too polite. He was too well behaved. I’m an idiot.”
“It’s the name we use for doctors that specialize in the respiratory system. In your case, being trapped under that beam caused you to inhale more smoke than anyone else. It means that your lungs were severely burned. We had to put you into a deep sleep to give them time to heal.”
Finally, he had to ask.
“No.” Dean bit out shortly.
“I am a mechanic enthusiastic asshole. I also like to do a bit of LARP. It gets me out of my head.” Dean answered, tapping his temple.
“She’s not going to kill the kid, if that’s what you’re thinking! Even if she did vow to do exactly that. I am worried she will track him down and react like a mother defending her child, rather than a cop. And now, more than ever, she does need to deal with this like a cop; build the case against him to put him away and make sure he never hurts anyone, much less Alex, ever again.”
Dean bit at Castiel’s ear, just enough that Cas felt the teeth, but nothing more, and then hummed thoughtfully. Castiel squirmed with arousal and tried to push against Dean’s chest. “How about this. I’ll help you out of the car and then give you a two minute head start.” Dean told him.
“You just met me this week.”
“What?”
Suddenly he was roused from his thoughts when a plate was dropped in front of him. Dean stood at his shoulder, holding his second can of coke in one hand while the other pushed the plate away from the edge of the desk. “You ok, bro? Not often I get the drop on you like that.”
“That simple, huh? You went against your instincts for me?”
Despite the fact that Dean did want a family with Cas, he also refused to put that kind of hunted life on a child, he had been through his hell as a child, and the idea of his child being hunted his whole experience made him refuse to want a child at that cost, perhaps they could look into adoption, but Dean was content just to have Cas and their kitten once they finally went to get it. “Thank you, angel, but I just can’t put that on a child.” Castiel didn’t need to respond, and he understood where Dean was coming from, he even agreed gravely.
Dean looked at Cas, smiling at the thought that his angel had done everything for him, but tears also forming in his eyes, “You… you did all of it?”
Dean growled and suddenly stood up, “Damn it we are playing another game,”
Sam smirked and grabbed his coffee before leaving the kitchen to go sit in the library and shouting over his shoulder, “Finally!”
Dean smiled and nodded, “Okay well let’s see if they have any in your size,”
Dean groaned, “Damn it, so we have to deal with him using his powers and being a toddler, this is going to be hell,”
Gabriel sighed, “Oh baby bird. You obviously didn’t pay enough attention in sex ed in angel school. She somehow knew about the piece of grace you left inside Dean and used that piece inside Dean-O to forge it with his soul long enough to make Dean go into heat, since Dean is obviously a bottom, he became the Omega in this equation, you little brother are an Alpha, and I am also an alpha. That’s the reason you keep looking at me like you want to kill me if any part of me moves closer to Dean.”
Cas smiled before his hand glowed gently as he used his grace to make sure Dean stayed asleep, then he closed his eyes, pulling his wings from the other plan. His right-wing hurt and he was unsure why but he needed to figure it out. As he stretched them out and brought it so he could see at least part of it, he could see there was a singed feather twisted the wrong way, located exactly where the pain was. Cas reached up and gently tugged on the feather, whining a little at the slight pain but was finally able to pull the burnt feather out. Cas stared at the burnt feather, it was still black but the edges were frayed from having been burnt by Hellfire. Cas closed his eyes to make the feather disappear, then sent his wings back to the other plane. When he looked at Dean the hunter was still fast asleep.
Cas cheek heated up as Dean kissed along his neck and tried to look away, but Dean was to close, “I… uh…”
Cas smiled contently before going back to eating his breakfast, the couple fell into a comfortable silence as they finished their breakfast.
Cas nodded with more purpose this time and then kissed Dean again before walking away. A small chuckle bubbled out of Dean’s through as he watched Cas walk purposefully towards the store. After a moment he pulled out his phone and double-check that his note with Cas ring size was still there before he went to Zales.
Sam looked up at Cas and couldn’t help the knowing smirk as he asked, “Have a good morning?”
Cas silently wondered the last time Dean had slept in like this, he knew before finding the bunker Dean would only sleep around 4 hours at a time, now though he usually slept a full 6 or even 8 hours some times. If they were on a hunt he could easily only get 4 and be fine. Now though Dean had been asleep almost 12 and a half hours, Sam had been shocked when Cas told him Dean was still very much fast asleep and he still hadn’t gotten up by the time Sam and Cas had finished everything Dean had planned to get done this morning.
Dean made a soft mewling noise in his sleep pulling Cas from his thoughts, and Cas looked down at Dean, who was still fast asleep but had rolled closer to Cas chest. Cas smiled and pulled Dean closer to him, his finding the handprint on Dean’s shoulder, earning a gentle gasp from Dean as he leaned into the touch.
Cas wished it was that simple, part of him wanted he could let it be at that, but he knew he couldn’t. Finally, Cas took another deep breath, “Technically Dean… I can carry a child, and it would be Nephilim… but it would be wholly our child.”
It was evident it was not meant to be a question, but Cas shook his head, “She can track them with the power of the spell, so she knows where they are,”
Dean chuckled and the two were soon naked and teasing the other and trying to get the other to orgasm first. Cas cheated and manipulated Dean with his Grace, making the hunter cum first.
Dean pulled out the card, “I can pay now,”
Cas attention was drawn back to Dean and he nodded gently, “No I do, I just… it has been a while since anyone else could help me with grooming my wings…”
Dean rolled his eyes but strokes through both the toddler’s hair. Cas looked at the toddler with hesitancy before he carefully laid his hand on Gabriel’s head, trying to reverse the witch’s spell uttering softly, “Impossible…”
Cas eyebrow’s knitted together in slight confusion, he had never paid with a card before so he was slightly confused. Dean cleared his throat gently and whispered in his ear, “The card angel,”
Once their linens were out of the dryer, they put them back on the beds, then went back into the kitchen and Dean realized, after having cleaned the fridge out, they really needed to go on a run. Instead of making something Dean ordered a pizza, giving the man a fake address, but Cas left to pick it up before the man could get to the address, giving him the money and a tip. Castiel also used his grace to make the man he had indeed delivered the pizza.
Eventually, Dean tore his eyes away from Castiel’s and focused them on the stiffening member in front of him, it had been a while since Dean had given a blowjob but the motions were practically muscle memory. Dean slowly rubbed Cas’ thigh before leaning forward and licking up and down Cas’ shaft. Instantly earning himself a deep groan of pleasure from the angel. Dean almost froze at the sound, he had thought Cas’ voice was a turn on but that, fuck that was practically a porn worthy moan.
A moment later the call ended and Dean looked at Cas, “What… what is happening?”
Without missing a beat, Dean turned towards the man and replied his voice filled with anger, “Been there, done that, bought the damn t-shirt.”
Cas nodded slowly, then asked, “Would you want to do something outside or inside?”
Being in love with someone who understood the life of a Hunter was probably the best thing, because after a rough hun or even getting hurt Cas was there to come home to.
When Cas’ words started to become a bit to intermingled, he slowly took Cas’ hand, cutting the angel off and gently cupped his cheek, “Angel, I love you dearly. Whatever you are trying to say it doesn’t matter to me.”
Cas was now standing in front of Dean, chewing on his lip slightly nervous, he knew Dean had an aversion to anything other than his Classic Rock, “I… I like the song… and the singer has a very nice voice.”
Gabriel snapped his fingers, the fantasy world disappear and he was in a motel room sitting in a chair. "Dad wanted to stay in hiding and you were looking for him. Father is on Earth, he is just hiding. It took him a while to rebuild me because of how powerful I am..."
Cas couldn’t stop himself from chuckling warmly and nodded, “Yes Honeybee,”
Cas lifted his eyes slowly to meet Dean’s before this time more confidently saying, “Well… we have been… a couple… for a month and a half now, but… we have not had intercourse… I… I know I am not in the same state as when I was an angel… I more scars and…”
Cas started to pull away, not wanting to have this conversation but Dean stopped him, and the look in Dean’s eyes quickly broke his resolve of not talking about it and finally nodded hesitantly. Cas gently stretched out his wings looking over his shoulder at them. “Most angels have brightly colored feathers, Lucifer, his wings were the purest white I had ever seen, Micheal’s were white too, but they were iridescent, like opal. Gabriel, his wings were golden, honestly, they looked like pure gold. Raphael's wings were as blue as the sky,” Cas took a shaky deep breath, “Almost all angels have brightly colored feathers and… those who don’t are believed to be more likely to rebel. Anna’s were a darker brown shade, they… they were like an owl, Uriel… his wings were a navy blue. Mine… well, mine are black. No angel would touch my wings, as if my taint would rub off on them… Gabriel… Gabriel though… he would groom them, constantly told me how beautiful they were and… told me to ignore what anyone else said. I was just a fledgling when Gabriel left, but after that Balthazar helped me… When I rescued you from Hell, my feathers were darkened even more by Hellfire and soot…”
Cas has scars, Dean has scars. Slight sex scene.
Sam sighed heavily before shaking his head some, “I don’t know Cas… I mean Charlie was practically our little sister, sometimes it… it feels like we can’t have anything good…”
Cas hummed gently before suggesting, “Well the meadow behind the bunker is beautiful, and in the summer it will be even more so with the tall grass and flowers.”
Cas was confused, his brain taking a moment to catch up before he sighed gently, “I am… struggling with being human… as you have seen my emotions get the better of me more often than I like… not to mention the… the dreams… sometimes… sometimes I wish that Metatron had just killed me…”
Dean smiled at Cas’ sleeping form next to him, running his finger slowly through the former angel's hair gently. It had been 8 hours since they got back to the bunker after getting lost on their way home from a hunt. They had planned to talk more but by the time they got back Cas was so exhausted by the time they made it back to Dean’s room he had fallen asleep with a softly mumbled “Sorry Dean”
“Wings… everything… wings… are worst…” Cas choked out.
Barely a minute later Cas came back in and sat back down. Once he had sat down Cas looked at Dean, his face completely serious as he asked, “Is Honeybee to long?”
Cas cheeks suddenly felt hot as he blushed and chewed on his lip before replying more quietly, “I… I um called you Honeybee…”
far away.
Gabe sighed gently, "What'd you do Castiel?"
The little quip made most of Dean’s anxiety melt away, and he smiled, “Been ready Bitch,”
Cas smiled some, “You kind of liked that.”
Dena smiled before pulling his laptop out and connected it to his TV, then the settled in bed together watching episodes of Hawaii Five-O. Cas made off-handed comments about things the show got wrong or the correct information. At some point, Cas told Dean he had assisted in making a few of the animals that lived in Hawaii because almost all the angels helped created life in some way. Cas told Dean he had created the dolphins, and a bird Dean had never heard of in his life.
Cas smiled warmly at Dean’s anxious babbling before leaning forward and pressing his lips to Dean’s not entirely pulling apart as he whispered, “Dean, as I just said, anything you want. Really,”
Sam held up his hands in defense, “Easy Dean, just giving you shit, I am happy for you guys alright.”
Dean followed Cas to the kitchen, sitting at the island as he watched Cas move around the kitchen quickly. Cas started the coffee first, then made eggs and turkey bacon and toast. Despite Dean’s initial protest, or well almost temper tantrum if the angel was honest, the hunter had grown to like it.
For a moment, both men were confused because the Impala seemed empty, until there was a small voice behind them, “Bean…?”
Sam looked relieved and nodded, “Thanks Cas,”
The Empty nodded, Meg’s curls bouncing some as it did so.“That’s what I thought, you can go back, but know this Castiel, once I return to sleep, the next time you die will be your last. You will never go to Earth again,”
While enjoying some post-coital bliss, a deep discussion happens
Cas frowned gently, he could see the shame on Dean’s face and didn’t understand it, “Dean, that was a beautiful drawing, May I see more please…?”
Cas nodded and watched as Dean sprayed down the Impala, then he got a sponge out of the soap bucket and threw it at Cas. Cas barely managed to catch it after it hit his chest making a wet splat against his skin. Cas blushed as the warm water made his skin tingle slightly. Cas swallowed the lump that formed in his throat, then he moved and helped Dean start washing the car. After the whole car was covered in soap, and Cas was to because Dean kept flinging the soapy water at him. Cas then helped Dean rinse of the impala, and let her dry some before buffing the wax in.
Sam nodded, he was worried about Dean too but he knew Cas was struggling to think about anything good, their lives had sucked so it was only fair for him to think that things wouldn’t turn out well. Sam needed to think positive though because of he. Ouldn’t go down that road, but after the hell, they all went through he was sure that Dean and Cas finally being together was some good they both deserved. “I know Cas… but they are helping him, it is going to be fine.”
Dean relaxed as Cas rubbed his back, he knew what the angel was doing; they had talked about it in great length and detail. Dean was aging, his health was frankly crap despite Cas’ attempts to heal him, it tended to be like putting a Band-Aid on things, but some of those things were too impossible to fix completely. Dean knew how hard it was for Cas to watch Dean aging, he remembered their fight after the turkey bacon switch, that had been over something so simple, but it had been such a bad fight. Dean got pissed at Cas, telling him turkey bacon was disgusting and he refused to eat it. Cas had scolded him, told him if he wanted to eat bacon that was the only way. Dean had refused and gone out and bought some real bacon and ate the whole pack by himself. Dean had never seen the angel that upset before, and after screaming at Dean that he was a selfish bastard, Cas had gotten some of his things and slept in his room. Cas had been stubborn after that fight, he didn’t talk to Dean for a couple of days after that, well he hadn’t spoken to anyone after that, the angel had locked himself in his room. Cas didn’t finally speak with him until four days later, and the angel had been a wreck, explaining to Dean how hard it was for him to see Dean growing old. Cas had said to Dean that he was trying to help Dean live longer, and after seeing the absolute pain on his angels face Dean finally relented and agreed, apologizing profusely for how much of an ass he had been. Another hard part was that once Dean died, he wasn’t going to Heaven, Dean’s soul was going to become a part of Castiel’s grace. Dean carefully turned some and spoke, “Hey… I am still here Cas, okay. I am alright Angel,”
Cas scoffed a little, rolling his eyes at the same time having expected the question. The Doctor smiled some before shaking his head, “We want to keep you one more night for observation. Some of the wasps' venoms could still be in your system and we would prefer to keep you with the Intravenous antihistamines.
Dean softly hushed Cas and pulled him close again, he understood Cas’ reasoning and if the roles were reversed, he knew he would feel the same. “If you want to get your grace back I understand… where are you going to look?”
Cas held back the chuckle because he could see the apparent frustration on his hunters face and shook his head gently, “Of course not, that would be cheating Honeybee.”
Cas was going to say more until he noticed Dean and gave him a warm smile, “Hello Dean,”
Dean looked at Cas with concern, "Because you are a King, you are the king of the Roman Empire sire. Are you not feeling well?"
Cas nodded some, then looked around the mess in the kitchen, “Would you like my assistance, Dean?”
Cas smiled softly before leaning forward and kissing Dean, then whispering, “Close your eyes Honeybee,”
Cas looked hesitant but soon nodded, “Of course Dean, though I am not sure I know where to find a trench coat…”
The doctor came in as well as a few nurses and Sam trailing behind them, “Good morning Mr. Ackles, you gave your family quite the scare. Do you think you are ready for that tube to be removed so we can talk?”
Dean chuckled and nodded, “Just the way you like Cas. Now come on.” Dean gently pushed Cas off of him at the same time and got up.
Sam rolled his eyes and smirked gently, he knew what his brother was about to do, “So what are ya doing Dean?”
Dean chuckled tiredly, rolling his eyes some before stretching himself out but not really moving away from Cas, before tugging the blanket over him more, smacking his lips tiredly as he asked, “What time is it?”
Dean groaned but he was looking forward to his birthday for once, it was only a week away now.
Cas raised his eyebrow in confusion but nodded hesitantly and warned Dean knowing Gabriel was protective over him. After giving Chaos a small stroke Gabriel left, leaving Castiel alone with Sam.
Cas blushed but nodded some, “Of course… I apologize.”
Cas closed his eyes and focused on breathing, the heat and the pressure was intense, the fact that it was Dean was even more. Only hours ago he thought he would never have this, never get to touch Dean like this, and had sacrificed himself to save Dean, he had gotten lucky that the Empty was willing to send him back.
Cas smiled at the offer before shaking his head, “No thank you, Dean. Do you mind if I meet you in the kitchen, I need to check my left-wing, it is sore. I think there could be a twisted feather…”
Cas eyes flew open at that declaration, and he closed his eyes again for just a moment before pressing his lips to Dean’s using his grace to soothe Dean’s anxiety some, “It’s going to be okay Dean… you are going to be alright… you will be with me. I won’t let anything happen to you, Honey… I promise… I love you so much, Dean…” Tears filled Cas’ eyes as he could feel Dean’s heart slowing more; it was only a few moments away.
It took a few minutes for Dean to relax and the energy fade more so he felt utterly content. Dean refused to let go of Cas’ hand, and they reassured the rest of their small family that he was fine. Castiel insisted everyone go inside so that he could have a minute alone with Dean. Cas carefully pet Chaos as Claire walked by before he watched everyone go inside. Cas then smiled a little at Dean who looked less pale, and more relaxed. The ritual had affected Cas as well, but his grace was able to absorb most of the effects from it, but since Dean was human, he got the full effect, not to mention since Castiel was an angel it had added another unexpected layer to the ritual. “I love you, Dean,”
Dean nodded some, “Okay... be safe Sam…”
Dean rubbed weakly at the tightness in his chest and pain in his arm, “Angel… am… am I having a… heart attack,”
Falling in Love with Castiel was easy, simple, it happened so quickly and easily Dean had barely realized it had happened. It actually happened only weeks after the angel had pulled him from Hell, and Dean was too far in the closet to realize it. Now that Dean knew though, he sometimes wished he could go back, and just smack himself so that he would open his eyes to his feelings. Now, having Cas by his side even though their relationship may have only started while Cas was human it was now the best thing he had ever experienced.
Dean and Cas decided to play some board games, and Dean is extremely competitive.
Dean looked at her, then the ring more closely, “Well, I would like to get one of those, the ring just like that, but… is there any way that blue band can be made green, like as close to my eyes as possible?”
Cas smiled some and let the familiar pet name wash over him, “Good morning Honeybee,”
Dean hummed gently in agreement before replying, “Look, Gabe, I know… I know I have fucked up in the past with him, and it took me way to long to get my head out of my ass and get to this point. Cas is my everything, and I will do anything for him too. I… I will be honest I never wanted to get old, not because I didn’t think I would, but because I didn’t want to be alone the rest of my life, even with Sammy around. Cas… Cas will be by my side the whole time, and that is what matters to me,”
Cas started speeding up, the lazy thrust no longer satisfying him and he pulled his hand away from Dean’s to work itself between them and took Dean’s cock in his hand, again using grace to coat his hand in lube and started rubbing Dean’s cock in time with his thrusts.
Cas had had his grace back for a few days now, it was currently midnight, Dean had fallen asleep two hours ago, Cas had tried sleeping the first night that he had his grace back ended up having a nightmare and just decided to use his grace to maintain his vessel and stay awake. Cas didn’t mind not sleeping, he loved to watch Dean sleep even if Dean told him it was creepy, all the tension and worry on his face disappeared and he looked happy. Cas carefully stroked his fingers through Dean’s hair gently using his grace to make sure Dean was having pleasant dreams.
Castiel groaned tiredly before he pulled away from Dean’s chest and glared at him, which reminded Dean of the face Cas made when demons were being too annoying and he was getting ready to smite them and Dean probably would have found it scary if it weren’t for the fact that Cas had major bed head and looked similar to a hedgehog and just made him look adorable. “5 more minutes…”
(See the end of the chapter for
Castiel nodded slowly, “Dean changed me… he showed me compassion, he showed me how to care about Humanity.”
Cas took it but then promptly laid it and the flowers down on the table before pulling Dean into a long, slow kiss. Dean sighed happily into it as his angel snaked an arm around his waist. After pulling apart just enough to see Dean’s face, he spoke, “I love it all so much, Dean, you didn’t have to do all this.”
Dean looked over at the former angel, this time looking at him, he looked so broken, the way he had for the past few weeks since losing his powers and having moved into the bunker, Dean took a deep breath because emotional crap wasn’t exactly his strong suit, “Cas… you haven’t been talking to me about much of anything except for hunting… are you okay?”
Cas carefully set Dean’s plate and his coffee in front of him and watched the former hunter as he started eating. Over their past 40 years of marriage, they had had their arguments, even a couple nasty ones. Those had been so bad Cas, and Dean slept in different rooms for a few nights, but rarely apart for long because the angel and the hunter were too addicted to one another’s presence that sleeping alone for more than two nights would have them both realizing how stupid they were being. Now though, it was nearly impossible for Cas to watch Dean growing old because he knew that Dean was going to be gone soon. There had been a few close calls from hunts, but Cas or Gabe had been able to save him. When it came to growing old, Cas couldn’t change that, it was inevitable, and it broke his heart. Cas shook the thoughts away and moved next to Dean, gently touching Dean’s back and soothing himself, reminding himself that Dean was still there, had woken up another day.
After all -
Instantly the need to protect Dean faded, Cas was now remembering what he had been taught about angel sexuality, and he knew that this was because he was in his own space. And this space hadn’t been touched by anyone else in the last half-century but by him and Dean.
It was only 5 minutes later when Cas heard the familiar rumble of the Impala’s engine as Dean pulled into the garage, Cas went to the library to greet the brothers. A minute later, Sam came in, and he looked outright exhausted. Cas couldn’t help but visually check over the hunter, though he knew Gabriel would do a more thorough job, Cas could only see a cut just above his eyebrow. Sam looked over at Cas and nodded some, and he knew what Cas had planned, “He is getting the guns… they need to be cleaned.”
She wrote it down, filling out a few more things before looking at Dean again, “Do you want anything engraved on the inside?”
Dean wanted to laugh at hearing Cas cuss because he knew the angel rarely did but he also knew his angel was in pain. Dean kissed his head gently, “I am going to get you a cold rag for your neck okay angel?”
Cas smiled lovingly because he loved to see the sort of joy and genuine excitement on Dean’s face. “It’s good Honeybee”
Gabe chewed his lip hesitantly before shaking his head, “No… I am sorry, Sam… Dean just had a massive heart attack and Cas… Cas couldn’t save him.”
Dean found himself relaxing more as he looked at the total before handing her the card Gabe had given him, “Yeah… I uh… I am working on it. My boyfriend is much better about it but… well, he doesn’t understand social norms that well,”
Dean hesitated for just a moment before taking a deep breath, huffing out despite the slight smile on his face, “Fine! But I am not cleaning up after it alright!”
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean sighed and slowly looked up at Cas, he wasn’t expecting to see the amazement and shock in Cas’ face. “You… you like it?”
Cas hummed gently but stayed quiet, this time the person at the register was a guy and he kept glancing at the proximity between Dean and Cas. Dean knew what the man was thinking, he had seen that look on his dad’s face before, the disgust. It made Dean feel awkward and nervous before Dean would have made a show of moving away from Cas or making a comment to Cas about it but this time he refused to because frankly, he was tired of hiding who he was anymore.
Sam smiled then nodded, “Okay,”
It is the morning of their wedding day, Gabriel lectures Dean, and Sam has a heartfelt conversation with Cas.
Sam nodded contently and went back to eating his dinner, Gabriel doing the same. Dean smiled and kissed both of their heads and then turned cartoons on before opening the door to see Cas leaning against Baby with his eyes closed, the trench coat wrapped around him and his face tilted up to the sky. Dean gently checked his pocket for the key before he shut the door and locked it. Dean softly spoke, “Hey Angel,” Cas’ eyes opened, and he tried to smile at Dean, but the angel was obviously upset and looked unsure, Dean felt bad instantly and went over to Cas, softly sliding his arms under the trenchcoat and around Cas’ wais, “It’s okay Cas,”
Cas whined and tried to pull away from Dean, "You aren't real! This isn't real!"
Dean’s shoulders dropped some before he looked at Cas, “Can… can we do something before Sam and Jack get back?”
Cas looked at Dean confused for another minute before the words sunk in and he nodded some before a large yawn forced its way out. The former angel pulled himself closer to Dean and huffed some before burying his face in Dean’s chest, despite having the best sleep he had had since becoming human he still felt exhausted.
After making sure all the cuts were clean he bandaged the burns first, before looking at the deeper cuts that needed stitches. Cleaning the cuts hurt but the stitches were going to be the worst part and he desperately wished that he had pain medicine to give him to make it easier on Cas. Cas’ eyes were now wide open and he was panting hard through the rag, beads of sweat on his face from the pain. Dean cupped Cas’ cheek and kissed his head gently before looking into his eyes, “Okay baby, that was the easy part… this next bit… it's going to be worse, try to stay awake if you can but it's okay if you can’t.”
Cas didn’t need to read Dean’s mind to knew the turn Dean’s thoughts had taken, he nodded gently, “I am doing my best Dean, I promise you”
Dean nodded slowly, “Okay… thank you, Gabe…”
Sam held back the urge to roll his eyes as he stated, “Dodge City,”
Dean frowned but carefully picked Cas up, and even though Cas is out cold he still flinched at Dean touching his back. Dean took him to their bed and laid him gently on his stomach as he softly asked, “Why hasn’t this happened before? I mean I have known him for 8 years now and he has never been through this.”
It's now been a few days since Cas got his grace back, Dean sleeps peacefully with his angel watching over him
When the man looked up to tell Dean the total he instantly noticed their now joined hands and huffed under his breath loud enough to be heard, “Stupid fucking fags,”
Dean remembered there was a farmers market at the edge of town, and he hoped it was still open. To Dean’s luck it was free, after parking Baby in the grass he looked for a flower booth. Dean quickly spotted one and walked towards it, passing by a booth that was selling raw honey, and he made a mental note to get Cas some as well.
By the time Cas was finished explaining, he was shaking some and his wings were folded against his back tighter then before as if for protection. Dean gently reached out and took Cas’ hand pulling the angel’s focus to him, “Shhh, hey Angel your wings are amazing, you helped us defeat Lucifer, who gives a shit about his wings being pure white, he rebelled right? Just because your wings are a certain color doesn’t mean a damn thing. They are breathtaking” Cas stayed silent, letting Dean hold him and calming himself and his emotions down.
Its the day after Dean and Cas had sex practically all day, and they need to clean up the kitchen. After they clean the kitchen they started to clean the rest of the bunker.
Cas swallowed thickly, this time meeting Dean’s eyes, “I can carry a child, a child that would be Nephilim, and it would be wholly our child Honeybee,”
Dean chuckled softly before stroking his brother's hair, “That is up to Cas, and you guys have to promise not to pull his feathers okay?”
Dean groaned and arched up into Cas’ desperately, begging for release. Every single thrust made him feel like he was being wound tighter and tighter, his entire body felt hotter and ten times more sensitive in ways he could barely recognize. Suddenly Cas hit his prostate causing Dean to scream in pleasure, “CASTIEL”
Dean nodded some and gently rubbed Cas’ back trying to soothe his boyfriend, “I know Angel… I know I am sorry Cas,”
Cas smiled softly and kissed Dean slowly, “Get some sleep, Honeybee, I will watch over them.” Dean hummed gently in response, he was already half-asleep before he cuddled more into his angel, and he was soon fast asleep.
Dean rolled his eyes at the archangel, “Sam, Cas and I have a case, you are going to be quiet.”
The guy gave Dean a mock salute and nodded dutifully, “Of course sir,”
Just like every birthday since they got married, it ended with Cas fucking Dean into the mattress, and then Dean was curling up against Cas’ side and starting to fall asleep. Cas was utterly exhausted tonight, the more he worried and fussed over Dean the more exhausted he had been feeling lately. Cas did his best to make sure Dean was okay constantly, but it was draining, and Cas started to fall asleep. Before Cas let himself be dragged entirely under he used his grace to check over Dean, and found Dean’s heart was struggling to beat. Fear pulled Cas out of his almost slumber, and he quickly sat up, trying to wake Dean and trying to focus his grace to help Dean’s heartbeat better. Dean’s eyes opened, and he couldn’t see entirely, but he could make out Cas’ face and groaned gently, “C…Cas…”
Sam tried to protest, “No, why?”
Dean smiled softly, “Thank you so much for your help,”
Cas looked up briefly, obviously entranced in whatever he was reading, which Dean didn’t mind. “Hello, Dean,”
Dean blushed again; the words were somewhat overwhelming, but he kissed Cas slowly. Then he grabbed the sketchbook from Cas as an idea came into his head, he hesitantly asked, “Can I draw you an angel?”
This takes place 2 weeks after Cas' incident, who knew Dean was allergic to wasps am I right?
Cas couldn’t help but wonder if this was a dream, Dean was undressing him, they were about to have sexual intercourse. Dean wanted to have sex with him, Dean loved him. It felt too good to be true, especially considering barely half an hour ago he had died and said goodbye finally told Dean the truth, and then sacrificed himself.
Dean swallowed around the lump in his throat before putting a decent glob of lube in his hand, then putting the lube aside. Dean slowly rubbed his cock with one hand, taking some of the lube on his fingers of his other hand spread his legs, slowly rubbing around his hole. Dean closed his eyes tightly, groaning softly in pleasure canting his hips up gently, it had been too long since he had done this.
Sometimes Cas was even right alongside him as these things happened, and Cas would understand what he was going through because a lot of the time Cas was feeling the same things.
Dean looked at him offended, "My liege... I... I should call the soothsayer..."
Dean smiled at his new attire, any chance he could see Cas shirtless was his favorite. Cas looked down-right gorgeous with his pale skin, mostly toned abs, little happy trail and the scars that Dean adored. Cas could see Dean was distracted and gently cleared his throat, “Dean…”
Dean sighed some before nodding, then looked at Cas, “Fine… but only if he can stay with me?”
Cas chewed his lip for a moment before suddenly standing and hugging Gabriel. Gabe stood there in shock for a moment before hugging Cas back tightly. Cas whispered, "Why... why did you..."
Dean smiled and looked at the now wrapped present, “You know you didn’t have to wrap that right?”
Dean smiled warmly before kissing Cas again, “I love you more Angel,”
Cas used some more of his failing grace to ease things for Dean and slowly pressed himself all the way in, and Dean gasped out his hand’s searching for something to hold and Cas reached his hand out to grab on and their fingers laced together instantly.
Dean smiled warmly and moved to wrap his arms around Cas’ waist slowly kissing him, and along his neck. “Really? You should have asked me to join you. You would have enjoyed it then,”
Sam looked at Gabriel and then nodded, “Okay Bean, we be nice to Cassie, if he shows us his wings. Peasee”
Dean obviously heard the man, his grip on Cas; hand-tighten so he couldn’t punch the ignorant fuck. Instead, he used his free hand to pull out the card and swipe it. The man threw the jeans in the bag and roughly handed the bag, and receipt to Dean. Dean despite being pissed took the bag and started to walk out of the store, he could feel the man's eyes boring a hole into his back, so he pulled Cas close just at the edge of the store and captured his lips for a long slow kiss.
Sam looked at the possible case on the computer screen, sighing audibly. Sam was pretty sure it was a ghoul, but the case was in Dodge City, Sam knew exactly what that meant for him, Dean’s stupid cowboy obsession. Luckily for Sam, Cas would have to deal with him more than anything. Since Cas had come back, Dean had barely let the poor angel out of his sight.
Dean pulled Baby into the garage, and once she was in park he took a deep breath, his hand going to the pocket where Cas’ ring was, that was probably the 10th time he had checked his pocket in the last hour. After another moment, he carefully grabbed the flowers, and the jars of honey before going inside. Dean carefully put the extra jars in the cupboards before he went to find Cas. Cas was reading in the library, already dressed in his suit like Dean had asked. Dean also hid the flowers and honey behind his back. “Hey, Angel,”
“What… are… are you sure?” Sam replied.
Dean smiled, not being able to resist the urge to be a smartass, “That’s easy because you are fucking hot.” When Cas opens his eyes and gives Dean a bitchface he had most definitely been learning from Sam he smiled at Castiel and then continued, “I told you Cas, you make it all tolerable. Even if I had to go the rest of my life thinking we were nothing more than friends, just having you around with me, I feel like I can do anything even take over the world.”
Dean quickly turned dinner off, and they started to take turns putting food on each other and then eating it, or licking it off each other. Finally, it was too much teasing for both of them, and Cas finally bent Dean over the counter and fucked him mercilessly. They laid there in bliss for a few minutes before they made their way back to Dean’s room for one more round, and then Dean finally passed out, with Cas spooned behind him. The angel listened to his human breathing and was gently stroking Dean’s side, he may have been an angel, but he was exhausted as well, and soon even Castiel fell into his exhaustion and was fast asleep.
Dean shook his head, "Yes sir, your queen Megara. You married her when Knight Micheal challenged your place over the Empire because you had no heir and no chance at an heir. Megara was your best friend and she suggested it. I am your consort. I please you when you need pleasing, you rarely lay down with the Queen. I don't really remember falling asleep in here though... I don't normally because Michael can catch us and your crown will be threatened."
Dean cupped his cheek, looking Cas' eyes before nodding gently, "Okay my king, I should go, as much as I loved staying with you I should not have stayed with you, Knight Michael would not like that I was here and not your Queen,"
Dean and Cas are waiting in the motel for Gabe and Sam to get back, after waiting 2 hours they finally decided to look for their brothers, and when they find them, they are in shock.
Dean bit the inside of his cheek to keep himself from snapping at Cas, and he knew it wasn’t precisely the angels’ fault, “No, No damn it. I am just trying to think of something,”
After a moment Dean carefully reached out to run his fingers along with Cas’ wings, eliciting a gentle breathy moan from Cas, “Dean…”
Dean whimpered at the cool touch of a hand on his forehead, he didn’t know how but he knew it was his angel that was touching him. Dean tried to move closer to the angel and pulling him closer. Cas moved away from him and Dean couldn’t stop the pitiful sounding whine that forced its way out of his throat. Deep inside he hated how desperate and needy he was sounding but he couldn’t stop himself.
Cas nuzzled his nose in Dean’s neck, “Love you to Mr. Winchester.”
Watching Dean grow old, was so much harder than Cas thought it was going to be. Not because he didn’t expect it, but because he couldn’t become old with him. Cas was constantly reminded that there will be a day that Dean is going to be gone and it was starting to be sooner rather than later now. Cas watched Dean’s sleeping more closely now because his heart was weaker then it had been when he was younger, not only because of Dean’s bad eating habits, but also the countless injuries on the hunts the man had been on.
Cas tilted his head gently in a way that Dean had always loved, “Well I could just use my grace?”
Dan smiled warmly as he carefully handed Cas the flowers, “The blue ones are called Forget-me-Not’s so you don’t ever forget me. And these white ones are supposed to symbolize love, and passion, and the lady at the booth said they are supposed to be an aphrodisiac.”
Sam shook his head gently, "I don't know... but whoever did it also knew where are outside cameras were."
Cas enjoyed the view, because while the apron covered his front and left his back wonderfully exposed. Cas had a thing for the way the muscles on Dean’s back moved and flexed, not to mention he loved Dean’s ass.
Sam lifted his face to meet Gabe’s, and he could tell something was wrong. A part of Sam knew it was Dean because he had known how Dean’s health had been declining. Sam gently asked despite having a feeling he knew the answer, “Is Dean okay?”
Dean shook his head gently, smiling warmly at Cas, “You can call me whatever you want Cas, Honeybee is good.”
Dean nodded, “I… I know. I just…”
Dean drove to the mall with Cas sitting shotgun, holding Dean’s hand gently. Cas had wanted a new suit, and his trench coat had gotten a large tear in it, Cas had wanted to restore it with his grace but Dean suggested he get a new one. Dean needed a few more t-shirts and new jeans as well. Gabriel had given Dean a credit card with an apparently unlimited amount of money on it or something like that. Dean hadn’t really listened to Gabriel, and just took it since he didn’t want to have to pay for it himself.
Gabriel could sense what had just happened, and he closed his eyes, sending soothing and reassuring waves across the bunker to Cas before he looked at Sam, who was wide awake still. Gabe slowly ran his fingers through Sam’s hair before gently speaking, “Sam…”
Gabe sighed but nodded and touched Cas shoulder, taking them back outside the bunker since he couldn't get in on his own. Cas relaxed when he saw the door of the bunker and he knocked gently.
Dean sighed gently before nodding, gently running his fingers through Cas; hair and stifling a yawn as the exhaustion he had been deliberately ignoring was starting to become overwhelming again. “Okay Angel, as much as I love sitting with you I need to lay down, I am sore and exhausted,” Cas blushed gently feeling bad for making Dean continue to be sitting up and moved so Dean could lay down. Dean scooted over so there was enough room for Cas, “Come on angel, lay with me?”
Cas had been able to get a few hours last night, and now he was just laying in bed with Dean, Dean was awake and gently running his fingers over the taut skin of Cas’ abs. Cas’ stomach fluttered and his arousal spike, he let out a soft moan, “Dean…”
Sam gave Dean a major bitchface before huffing his response, “Uploading some of the Men of Lett’s information Jerk. Charlie… she kept complaining about our system being outdated and before… she helped me get it started… I haven’t wanted to do it after but… I decided to try and get it done…”
Dean ignored Sam as he went to look around the bunker some more when he finally decided to check outside, he found a sigil that he could tell was painted in blood on the wall. Dean knew he recognized the sigil but he couldn't remember from where so he took a picture of it, before going inside to look through the books.
Cas was the one who spoke up this time before Sam or Dean could argue, “He is correct Dean. Gabriel had a history of running away from our family, he faced Lucifer so that you and Samuel could have a chance to stop the Apocalypse and Lucifer killed him, I do believe you need to give him more credit.”
Dean smiled and then nodded and moved to the bed, part of him desperately wanted to draw Cas wings. Dean knew it was a sore subject for Cas but he wanted to ask. “Cas… can… can I draw your wings too?”
Instantly that made sense and Cas whimpered in pain, “Fuck…”
When he finally reached Cas, he couldn’t stop himself from wrapping his arms around the angel and sighing into his arms, Cas did the same and felt him relax into the embrace. Dean could feel everyone’s eyes on him, but he couldn’t find it in himself to care, he missed his angel even though it had only been a few hours.
“Now, look what you made me do. You made me wake Cas up, bitch.” Dean taunted, but Sam was already walking up the path to the house with Gabe and the only reaction he gave was a finger thrown up over his shoulder.
“Oh, right, and it has nothing to do with the fact at that we have class with the Novak brothers right now?”
Dean nodded and raced up to help Castiel.
“I’ll do it.” Sam told him and headed out the door with his phone in his hand.
So, then, back to this Dream. What did it mean? Dean had asked that question a thousand times. He was no closer to finding the answer now than he had been the first time it had haunted him.
The officer nodded. “No, the car hit the tree head on. Your daughter was sitting in the front. The driver was also drinking prior to the accident and was not wearing a seat belt. He was thrown from the car through the windshield. He also hit the tree. It is yet to be determined if the car hitting the tree killed him, or if the tree did.”
Neither of them ever won that fight.
“They hate me, Sammy. Bobby, Jo, Ellen. You can’t tell me they don’t. Not to mention Castiel. He thinks I’m stupid.”
“I’m glad you boys came back. Jo told me what had happened. I want you to know, that door is always going to be open, I don’t care what happens that makes you want to walk out of it, it will never be closed when you come back. Anyway. That’s all I have to say.” The old Crank told them, putting enough emotion and force into his words that even Dean could see he was genuine and spoke from the heart.
“Oh, ok, grandma. I’ll see you when you come up then. Love you.”
In the drawer of the hall table Dean pulled out his nine millimetre and checked the safety and counted the bullets. Reassured that his service pistol was ready and waiting he opened the door with it held up so that it was the first thing the fucker who had woken him at three o’clock in the morning could see
“Nothing.”
Sam smirked, shot Castiel a conspiratorial wink and then turned to go back inside. When he was gone Dean turned back to Castiel. “He told you to do anything it took to make me stay. Didn’t he?”
Ok, so, following the last chapter, with Dean turning on Sam and what Sam revealed, how is everyone feeling about this? It will play a big part in the future in terms of what Dean has to work through before he can trust everyone around him again, I promise. But, as I hinted, Sam only gave them the highlights. Is there anyone who wants me to go into more detail? Should I reveal the rape? Would that make a difference? To who? And how?
“Must I?”
“Yeah. Damn idjits. How do I help them, Ellen? I can feel them slipping away even while I hold on. What they lived through, what they had to fight for. It borders on torture, Ellen. I’ve seen hardened soldiers break under less pressure. And Dean? Those scars of his… how the hell is that kid still in one piece? The mental, not to mention the psychological damage…”
Cass heaved a deep sigh and sagged against Dean’s side. Dean pulled him close and kissed his temple. “It’s Going to be alright, Cassie, I swear. We’re going to get through this. It’s only a minor burn.”
Sam doubled over and burst out laughing. “You should see your face!”
“The TV adds talk about it like it’s some kind of pureed fruit. Supposed to be popular with toddlers.”
“Are you mad?”
He walked Cas over to sit in one of the hard plastic chairs behind them and crouched down in front of him. He placed both hands on Castiel's thighs and their eyes locked for a moment. He raised a hand to stroke through Castiel's ever-messy hair and then left it there, his fingers tangled in the soft strands of his black hair.
“You said it yourself, ‘call me their bodyguard’, that’s what you said.”
It was then that Uriel noticed what had caught Lucas’s eye. He visibly gulped. They turned and tried to scurry away, but they weren’t quick enough. Dean tried to hide a smirk, but didn’t quiet succeed.
“No. Leave him. He’ll only run further. So, when we were thirteen, we were put in this home where the parents sold their foster kids into the sex trade. Some of them were hired out to out-of-town johns who simply wanted a play while they were in town on business. Others, like Dean and I, were sent to the sick fucks with a twisted sense of ‘foreplay’, you know, like, blood play, mutilations, beatings, strangulation, that sort of thing. One day we came home to find our foster parents tied up and gagged in the kitchen. There was a group of about ten guys we’d never met before standing over them. One of them told us our foster parents owed them money and that to pay their dues, they’d basically sold me to them, like a sex toy. They were either going to kill me or make me their bitch. Pass me around amongst them and the rest of their gang back at their ‘den’. Dean went bat shit crazy. Killed one of them, hurt a few more. It took four of them to hold him down. The other two pinned me to a chair and held a gun to my head. They shot the woman in the head, to prove that it was loaded, and told Dean to choose. Either they would kill me, or they would put the gun in his hand and force him to do it himself. Instead, he told them they could fuck him, but they had to let me go first. Him, for me.”
“About what?”
“Why didn’t you?”
“I said shut up, Samuel.”
“You stupid fuck, you broke my leg!” Uriel screamed.
Crowley snorted. “Nothing, if you like the easy lay. Me, I’d rather work for my meals.”
Actually, if anything, Sam simply looked kinda bored.
“I heard mum and Bobby talking one night about how you guys were left alone for four years before he found you.” Jo spoke up. Sam nodded, throwing in a shrug, the gesture somehow downplaying, yet highlighting the comment at the same time.
“Cass is sensitive about the Novaks.” Gabe told them. “He’s suffered the most at their hands but he still takes it personally every time they attack him.”
Book work? Nada.
That left Dean alone, to face the wrath of his adopted parents over hiding his hands from them.
“Because she tells us the same damn thing every afternoon. Like we’re idiots that need reminding every day to do the same thing. We’re not idiots, Sam. At least, you’re not. I hate being told what to do.”
Dean’s face crumbled into a look of pure disgust. “You will be taking a swim in a shit ton of antigerm everything before you put even a single toe inside my car. What the actual fuck dude! Why are you even touching it?”
Cass’s face split into a wide grin, like he’d won some great prize – though what that could be, Dean had no idea.
They fell into a quiet conversation, with Dean going into further detail on what the doctor had said about Summer’s leg and his hands which lasted the rest of the walk up to the room. Summer was in bed, eating a yoghurt and watching a Cartoon on TV when they walked in. When she saw her grandmother and Aunt she beamed so wide her face threatened to split in half. “YAY! Grandma! You made it. Now you can tell Pops to go home. He needs his rest.”
“Oh, deadly.” Dean answered seriously.
“God, you’re so hot when you’re all bossy and demanding.” Castiel groaned, swiping his palm over Dean’s growing bulge.
The all got in once Cass was in the back and Dean drove them all home in silence. Sam even tried to turn the radio on, but Dean flicked it off again with such a decisive snap of his wrist that it left no room for argument.
“Dude you even call me one.”
“I said that to him to get rid of him. I did not say it for your ears to tell your brain to conceive the notion that I have to be paid to do it. If it makes you feel any better I lumped my own brother in with you; him, I protect for free.”
He blacked out, and when he came to, Dean’s head was thrown back with a look of absolute euphoria on his face. And suddenly, he could feel something spurting all over his insides, and all over his chest. This time he screamed for a whole other reason.
“You got him out of there, didn’t you? What’d you do to achieve that?”
“Hmm.”
“Yeah, come on.” It would go without saying that Dean’s ‘watch my back’ may have been left unsaid as they approached to break up the fight, but it hung between them as loud and clear as the school bell. They’d reached a point in their lives that ‘watch my back’ was an instinct for them.
"Not likely."
Dean caught Cass's chin gently, lifting it so their eyes met. “Don’t go home and not rest, ok? I’ll be home in about an hour or so, and you had better be sleeping when I get there. So, don’t go home and call Sam to talk shop. Don’t go home and pay the bills. Don’t go home and then go back out again to get any groceries. I will do that on my way home, and I will pay the bills when I get there. You are to go home and sleep. Got it?”
“Why would they care? Castiel isn’t their son.”
Castiel nodded. “You’re right. It was mean of me to call him that.”
“What’re we going to do if she doesn’t make it?” Cass sobbed, brokenly.
“Your lungs sound good. Not great, but enough to make me happy. I’ll go and get the other doctor so you can talk to him about your leg.” Doctor Pamela said then, patting Summer’s shoulder to indicate that she could sit back and relax now.
Ellen smiled to see Dean so happy. Jo made a gagging noise and her mother jabbed her sharply in the side of the ribs.
“Don’t mention it.”
“Dean, it means the same thing, sort of. At least, it kind of does. It means that you care about him.”
Did he have regrets, telling her about Alex?
Her parents both nodded that they understood and the doctor left, shooting Summer a quick wink.
Finally Cass burst out with an annoyed grunt and shoved at Dean’s chest. “Get me to the hospital, you idiot. They’ll do it.”
Sam squatted down in front of Lucas and grabbed a fist full of his blonde hair, tugging his head to the side. “Dean and I have just about reached our level of tolerance for shit bags like you. When it was just Morningstar beating on Castiel, I let Dean handle it on his own. But this time there’s two of you and we’ve already had dealings with you. So now I’ma step on up. Because, clearly my brother didn’t make himself clear the first time.”
Reluctantly she stiffened her spine and followed him out of the kitchen and up the hall to the lounge room. By now, Sam had finished with his lecture and once Dean came into the room Sam excused himself and went out to call Gabe and Cas in so they could get their stuff.
That said Dean and Sam both turned away and headed towards their friends like nothing had just happened. Gabe was staring, open mouthed at Sam and Castiel was only minutely better at hiding his shock.
He and his brother sat in conference with the nurse while Dean moved to the other side of the room, as far away as he could get from ‘more society’. Damn, it was just coming at him from every angle lately. He felt claustrophobic in here.
“Don’t look at me like that, Sammy, I hate that one. That one is always followed up with trouble. And I’m usually the one who gets into a fight that finishes it.”
“Since when are we feeding the neighbourhood?” he asked, a little snidely, reaching for a dinner roll from the centre of the table as he threw one leg over the back of his chair and sat down, heavily. He turned to smirk at his neighbour – none other than Castiel Novak.
Dean’s head tilted to the side as he processed Castiel’s words. “No one?”
Castiel nodded. “I know…” He trailed off, leaving Summer to wonder what he left unsaid as she reached out to hug him. She didn’t like thinking her parents might be suffering in their own ways because of her injury so she reached out and grabbed him by the arm and yanked, meaning for him to lean in so she could hug him. But he wasn’t expecting the tug, apparently, and he had to throw out his other hand to catch himself so he didn’t fall on top of her.
Dean blushed and glared at the floor. He couldn’t stitch the guy’s head, and now he wasn’t strong enough to carry him around? Of course not. Not like he was anything to Castiel.
“Dean, we’re gay, we’ve been living out of the back of our dead father’s beat-up impala. We have no education…”
“You boys need a place to stay, we have a spare room if you would like to stay here.” Bobby offered as he appeared and took his seat, handing Sam and Dean a bottle of beer each.
“Wanna find out?”
Sam noticed his omission and shot him a quick look before looking away. No one else noticed anything amiss and Dean continued to talk to Cass about that afternoon’s errand. Jo and Benny and Charlie began discussing their computer classes and Sam and Gabe went on to talk to Crowley about Crowley’s mother possibly being available for Chuck to get some legal advice if he needed to fight the Novaks in court.
Charlie, a red head who was dressed in a LARP costume, trudged over to them like it was a chore.
Dean grunted but he’d taken the plate from his brother, so he wasn’t too angry. “Yeah, I know.” He said after a long silence.
Dean proceeded to sulk for the rest of the afternoon while Sam went back over their homework assignments and fixed the errors he’d made the first time around. They were both quiet for a long time. Neither of them needed verbal cues from each other to know when to begin a conversation again.
“I can drive, if you and Cas want to take this somewhere else.” Gabe offered.
To her credit, Claire took her grounding with grace. She didn’t like having to choose between the bus and her brother, obviously, but she acknowledged that she’d done wrong and that it could have been a lot worse. After all, being a cop, Dean could have pushed for traffic charges, which would have led to some level of criminal prosecution, however minor.
Dean groaned and his foot reflexively stepped onto the gas a little harder, even though there really was no reason for him to want to go faster; not like he was going home to fuck anyone. Then, if he was honest with himself, he was perfectly aware of the fact that they were going to end up in a bed at some point before the night was over. So, maybe, on that note, there was a reason to want to get there all the sooner, wasn’t there?
“Cas. Cas. Please,” he reached up towards Cas, towards the man about to kill him, and begs “I know you're in there. I know you can hear me. Cas…”
“If this works the way I planned, there will never be an Apocalypse to stop.”
Going through the old archives of random stuff the men of letters had collected was a mixed bag, you got something called a spear of destiny (cool name but what the hell does it do?) and old porn in the same box.Why would you think to store those together? Emma let out a sigh of relief when Sam said there were a string of suspicious deaths and they should check them out. She’d had enough of the Men of Letters’ odd sorting system for the day.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean's scared of being a dad because he's scared of screwing it up.
Sam came back with a soul in either arm and deposited Benny’s back before releasing Bobby’s. It almost felt like a third funeral for the man, though it felt fitting to do as much for him as it felt like he had done so much more for them in his life. During the release Benny had a hand on one of Emma’s shoulders and Dean had his hand on Benny as if to be sure he was really back, to reassure himself that he hadn’t killed one of the best friends he’d ever had for good. Crowley and Naomi interfered but Bobby’s soul made it to Heaven as it was supposed to and the three of them got Sam home safe. Benny left the next day to get his truck and camper but came back after because he was worried about Sam and also realized Dean needed him to stick around for at least a little while, he needed to know Benny was safe and wasn’t going to just leave him and he was happy to do so. They did some movie nights, and Charlie coming to visit not long after was a blessing in disguise even though they worked that djinn case during her visit. Charlie stuck around the bunker for a bit after saying goodbye to her mother, which was good for both her and the Winchesters.
He knows that all he can do is try and be a better dad than he ever had. He does teach her to use a gun and more blades than just her amazonian blade but he also does the kinda stuff he did with Bobby as a kid so she isn't losing out on her childhood entirely. He takes her out for ice cream, to get her own duffle full of stuff to haul around, and does his best to make sure she never has to worry about her next meal or anything like that because he never leaves her at a motel with a few bills to last a couple of weeks, at most she's alone for a day and has a phone to call him on if she needs to. Every time he leaves her he hates it but knows he can't bring her every time they have to leave the motel for a case.
Emma's relationship with Garth and Kevin
Saying goodbye was the hardest thing she'd ever done, and him joking about what kind of funeral he wanted was too much.
I’ll try and do more of it, but here’s a bit. I’m thinking this is officially an Emma lives and not an Emma comes back from purgatory au so it’s probably a pretty solid relationship. Pt 6
The jacket dwarfed her smaller frame, she looked so much smaller tucked up under it, it almost reminded him of how Sammy looked wrapped up under it when they were younger. He could remember a time not long after he got the jacket from their dad where they were moving again after John wrapped up a hunt. It was a winter night and he laid the jacket on Sam like a blanket while he snoozed in the back seat so he wouldn’t get too cold.
Dean let her in on what was going on while Emmanuel was saying goodbye to Daphne so she knows roughly who he is and why Dean seems so heartbroken that he isn't recognized.
Wonderful art for this chapter here: https://thiscowboyisbisexual.tumblr.com/post/655700325416714240/if-your-still-taking-requests-could-u-request
"It never woulda gone differently kiddo, you're my kid and I love you okay. Always have, always will. Loved you since the moment I saw you in your crib."
So this was different, and I wanted to do two different versions and the other is in the next chapter.
“I don’t have a choice.” The tremor in her voice betrayed her, she wasn’t a killer and she didn’t want to kill him. She wanted to be accepted and to have her mission completed, but not to have to do it herself.
She’d never seen her dad do something like what he did to Randy and the other guys threatening Claire, but as scary as that was she also knew that if someone had threatened her he’d probably do something similar mark or no mark. She was starting to think it was a matter of time before he lost all ability to reign himself in in a fight.
When they got to the building that they’d determined had to be concealing the crypt Dean took charge and told Sam to stay outside with Emma and Meg, that he and Cas would go in and find it. When Dean mentioned him being messed up since the first trial as reasoning for him staying outside Meg asked what they were talking about only to be told to shut up by Sam and Dean. Emma quietly explained while the brothers continued fighting about Sam being sidelined.
She and Sam got Kevin out of Crowley's hands a little while ago, he's back with mama Tran and both are warded and in a different state than they used to live in as safe as they can be in the world they live in. So the first few post-purgatory hunts are different but more normal. Dean introduces Emma and Benny, Sam chose to hang back not entirely sure about Benny but willing to let it lie. She and Benny get on like a house on fire, partially because he just gets her and takes who she is at face value and isn't wary of her, and partially because she knows she protected her dad when no one else could and she's so grateful to have Dean back. Also, he shows her and Dean how to cook some stuff on his lil camp stove he's got with his shitty camper bc love is food and food is love and Benny wants her to like him and this is my au and I say it happens.
(See the end of the chapter for
Other nights she dreams of her own death, either on hunts or by being shot the first time she met her father. In the ones she dies in the motel in Seattle either Dean shoots her because she attacked him or Sam would shoot her after he charged into the room because he didn’t realize she meant no harm. And the ones where Sam kills her are almost worse because if Dean killed her for attacking at least she’d deserve it, but Sam did almost kill her because he didn’t realize. And there’s still days he pulls his gun quickly and she has to suppress a flinch because she remembers being on the other side of it. In those dreams, she can almost feel the bullet ripping through her and she feels the floor when she drops. In some of the ones she dies at her uncle’s hand, her dad would cross the room and come to hold her as she died. She’d see the tears in his eyes, feel the way his chest heaves as he pulls her into his arms, and she’d hear Sam drop his gun in the distance as he realized what he did. Those were usually the days she’d wake with tears on her cheeks and a weight in her chest.
When they got checked in Sam and Dean headed for the showers in the two rooms they booked and Emma pulled out John’s journal in hopes of finding anything on Abaddon. She found a minor reference to a demon who had claimed to work for her but that was about it. Sam took a look at it when he got back to the room the other three were in. He shared the information with the group, Henry told them a bit more about John as a child, and what he knew of the lore. He also discovered that John’s journal was the one he’d ordered for himself. Finding out John grew up without him, that he’d never seen him again at all hurt more than words could express.
“I'm aware that time is a delicate mistress, but I'm willing to bet on this being for the best.”
Okay so more S12 Emma AU pt 3, she totally rolled up with the guys to her Aunt Jodys and so she also goes to Asa’s funeral, she definitely makes friends with the Banes twins bc they’re great but also the closest in age to her there and as they grew up with a witch for a mom they’re gonna be more accepting of her less than human side
During the drive Emma carved devil's traps into a clip of bullets while Henry slept. When he regained consciousness Dean explained to him how he only had Sam and Emma, that John had died for him and he in turn had died for Sam, that he’d do anything to protect the family he had left. And they came up with the plan to bait and switch the key in front of Abaddon and trap her in her body.
S12 Emma absolutely looks up to Rowena and Dean kinda hates it. Like she loves her because a) boss bitch, b) super powerful, c) makes herself fit in anywhere and Emma still has doubts about how well she fits in sometimes so that grace is what she wishes she had
I feel like Sam and Emma would actually be decently similar, and he’d be there for her when she worries that her Amazon side is more dominant, because I’m sure she’s got days where her powers are more obvious and all, and he’s used to those kinds of feelings. After all, he’s the boy with the demon blood, he knows what it’s like to be looked at as something different, it’s not an exact thing but it’s enough that he can emphasize.
(See the end of the chapter for
Someone on Tumblr requested Dean teaching Emma to drive, so that's what this is.
(See the end of the chapter for
Charlie was off to Oz with Dorothy and Dean was pulling Baby into their newly discovered garage in the bunker for the first time he caught Emma sitting on one of the half walls that made the motorcycle parking spaces making moon eyes at the admittedly gorgeous green ‘56 Thunderbird parked in it. He knew that it was the same look that had graced his face when he was given the keys to Baby and when finished rebuilding her after the accident. He knew they had a new project on their hands, he was gonna teach his girl to restore a car.
After lunch on a day between hunts, he told her what the plan was and drove the car out to an abandoned parking lot so she wouldn’t have to worry about other cars. He’d learned that the hard way with Sam and it wasn’t an experience he wanted to recreate. Telling a kid to back a car up and get out of a crowded motel parking lot into traffic had been asking for trouble and he was lucky he’d been able to fix the damage and convince the guy not to make anything of it. They’d been too close to getting the cops called on them that day and that woulda just been the start of the problem. Not happening again even if most of those issues were well behind them. He’d make the experience better for Emma than it had been for him and Sam at the bare minimum.
Having her family there helps, and having them be happy with her as she is is great but sometimes it’s just hard knowing how different she is from everyone else. She definitely ends up calling Garth later and talks for like an hour with him and he helps a lot
Like it had been when they met Adam for the first time, or rather the ghoul wearing his face, Dean was hesitant to believe they were related and Sam was happy to accept it once a few facts were verified. Emma was slightly skeptical but at the same time excited, she’d never met anyone related to her besides Sam and Dean. She found herself looking at him and searching for a resemblance, they had similar jawlines, he did look a bit like Sam when it came to their cheekbones, and he and her dad had similar noses too.
Jack is born and Emma being part of the family makes all the difference
(See the end of the chapter for
Henry coming through the closet was a surprise to Sam and Dean. Not everyday someone shows up in your closet and asks for your dead dad. He managed to evade the cuffs Dean had tried to put on him, even managed to cuff both him and Sam, but didn’t account for Emma coming back from the vending machine and cold-clocking him on instinct as he tried to make an escape. By the time he’d gotten up from his spot on the floor the elder two Winchesters had gotten out of the cuffs and pulled him into a chair and began the usual tests of holy water and silver.
She had enough trouble with the idea of Cas being an angel and she had a positive idea of them, so what would she do if confronted with a monster she shares blood with?
“So, you’re my great-grandfather then huh?”
I'm on Tumblr as Scarecrowmax as well feel free to check me out on there, send asks about the AU or leave a comment on this about what you'd like to see or what you like about it.
Sam burst in a moment later, Emma flashed her red Amazonian eyes out of fear and surprise but Dean was able to get him to cool it, the gauze in his hand being wrapped around her wrist did a bit to help show she wasn’t going to hurt Dean but the fact that her blade was on the table across the room did more for him. Dean still took him outside to convince him away from her so he wouldn’t be able to do anything. Sam didn’t believe that she wasn’t a threat until Dean brought up John’s words, the ones he hadn’t been able to stop thinking about the whole time, and how this wasn’t any different. She was a kid, his kid, and Dean was gonna save her, he wouldn’t let anyone hurt her ever again if he could help it. He wasn’t gonna fail and let her die like he did with Sammy, not again. If he did he’d be at a crossroads selling his soul as fast as he could and he’d do it gladly even knowing what would be waiting for him in Hell. She was his kid and that was all there was to it.
They heard that Sam had to go through Purgatory to get to Hell and Dean wasn’t doing well, he knew what it was like and unlike hell it was almost guaranteed the dinner bell had rung the second Sam arrived. When they got back to the spot Sam was supposed to come back through and found the reaper dead he started to panic. How could they get him back? How was Sam gonna get out of Purgatory alive when it had taken Dean as long as it had?
A single tear made its way down his cheek as he tried to find some way to convince her there was another way when he couldn’t come up with one. Could he do this, could he kill his daughter to let her save her uncle? Would he be able to live with it even if she came back safely, could he outrun the nightmares he was sure to have of her dying at his hand? He already had nightmares of her dying, of him killing her that first night, of her dying on any number of hunts. Could he add another knowing that this one would be real, that he couldn’t just check her room at night when he woke up to reassure himself she’s okay when her being alive wouldn’t mean this didn’t happen.
Henry was mid-spell when they arrived, Dean was trying to talk him down but he didn’t want to listen. He felt he knew best and that he could change the past for the better, even willing to bargain with the existence of the three Winchesters who weren’t yet born in his time.
(See the end of the chapter for
But when they find Jack it's easier for them to talk to him and understand him. And for Emma to empathize with him because she too grew up rapidly and had to suddenly understand the world around her. Dealing with the fact that the people who saw her as the age she looked expected her to. She almost immediately declares herself his big sister and once she does that Dean can't say anything. He can hate that Cas got killed but he can see it wasn't Jack, and seeing just how much Emma and Jack relate to each other makes it so he couldn't hate him if he wanted to.
(See the end of the chapter for
After Sam and Dean realized what he was up to and caught the news of the dead comic book shop worker on the police scanner they split up so Sam could find the man who was supposed to be buried in the graveyard and Dean could stop Henry. Emma stayed with Dean, she felt like she had convinced him to do it by accident and wanted to fix it. Dean told her it wasn’t her fault when she voiced that but she wasn’t convinced.
“Aww. Now that’s just mean. But this wasn't my idea. It was Crowley's. And it's just another reason I want to stab him in the face.”
Dean was giving him shit for not being there for John and if Sam’s clenched jaw was any indication Dean wasn’t really yelling at Henry for not being there for John. He was yelling at John over his lost childhood, the years of being left in a motel room without enough money to last, over parenting his little brother, over every event that left him terrified that he wouldn’t be a good dad. Sam leaves the room to talk him down a few minutes after he stormed out, leaving Emma and Henry together again.
Dean was worried about Sam and the trials, and had trouble letting Emma out of his sight for too long. Wrapping her body up was something he’d never be able to forget, and he was right about the nightmares. Emma could tell why he was bothered and just kept trying to come up with small stuff they could do together to try and help and to convince him she was okay and was going to stay that way. She took it upon herself to invite Charlie over to try and help by giving Dean someone he could talk to that would be able to read him and pull the truth out and let him be vulnerable when he wouldn’t let himself. That helped a bit, but only time would let him process what he’d had to do in that alley and the fact that Emma had gone to Purgatory, that he’d sent her there after witnessing the horrors there himself. Charlie ended up sticking around the bunker for a bit after saying goodbye to her mother, which was good for both her and the Winchesters.
The idea of her now having her own car was almost too much, but he knew that she was a good enough driver to handle it, and was old enough for the responsibility.
Cas dies, Jack is born, and Dean is shattered. But this time around he can't hate Jack the way he did in canon because he knows that not all monsters are really monsters and he's known this for years now. Yeah Jack is biologically Satan's kid and so Dean's wary as hell but his golden eyes don't only make them think of Lucifer these days. They're so similar to the ones that Emma flashes when she gets mad at them for being overprotective, when she's in a mood, and when she gets in a fight. Flashing golden eyes also means family now.
She appreciates Rowena so much for trying to help, they’re friends and she trusts her with bringing back her dad’s memory. Emma is absolutely the one to drive Baby to the witches' place to get Dean and Rowena there because she knows her dad would never let Rowena drive, or adjust the seat enough for her to reach the peddles because Dean would never be able to get in to fix it. She also leaves him in the car to go fight the bastards that did that to him because of course she does and helps Rowena get to the book to reverse the spell
She was glad that Dean gave the blade to Cas after he took care of Cain, but she was still worried about him and what could happen so when Sam got Rowena and Charlie working on decoding the Book of the Damned she wanted in. She wanted her dad back and unburdened by the first curse. She managed to help buffer between Charlie and Rowena and keep Rowena from annoying Charlie into leaving, and they got it figured out. Breaking the curse was hard, and she didn’t envy Rowena’s sacrifice to do it. Hearing that it worked was music to her ears, she was so happy that she hugged Rowena and removed her chains before heading out with Charlie and Cas to get back to the bunker to see Sam and Dean when they got back.
Chuck is God, he's in the bunker, and he's making life just that much more annoying. Requested by regnumveritatis
She and Kevin hang while he’s trying to decode the tablet, she does her best to keep him from completely spiraling out and occasionally makes some pointed pushes of food towards him which is the foundation of their friendship. They definitely get into some shit and can be a real force to be reckoned with when working together
Emmanuel is really nice to her, kinda weirded out by ya know the additional layer of nobody is telling him what's actually going on, but doing surprisingly well. She's hoping that Cas can remember himself for Sam's sake and Dean's too because him not remembering clearly is hurting.
“This is the world’s weirdest scavenger hunt ever, I mean how often does finding what you’re looking for involve both digging up a corpse and then still having to go elsewhere?”
A rewrite of Goodbye Stranger in which a few things change.
At nearly the same time Lucifer said "Thank you!"
Benny is her first positive monster adult in her life and that's really important. She kinda hesitantly brings up some of her fears about not being human and the fact that she knows she's going to purgatory when she dies and he listens, gives her a hug, and does his best to assuage what fears he can even promising that if she goes out first he'll make sure to get to Purgatory to protect her. She's not a huge fan of that idea, too radical, but the fact he's willing to go that far for her means the world to her.
relpy to tumblr tags of a reblog that said "oh emma and garth talking about what it means to be a monster who lives in a world of monster hunters. they meditate together - you cannot tell me that Garth doesn't get into meditation for self control."
She definitely helps hold her back when she’s turning before they can administer the antidote, Amazon strength is a hell of a thing
Sam was doing the second trial and Dean couldn’t go with him. Not that he was itching to go back to hell, the opposite really, but the fact that Sam was going and he couldn’t go with him and keep him safe had him all out of sorts. Emma was nervous too, she didn’t know that much about Hell as neither Sam nor Dean would talk much about it, but she knew enough to know that Sam shouldn’t have to go back and that he was in a lot of danger. The two of them were just trying to stay positive and not think of the million and one things that could go wrong for Sam.
Her granddaughter isn’t human and she doesn’t know what to do. Her parents had raised her to believe all monsters were just that, nothing more. Maybe you could use them to get at others, but you killed them afterwards. But Emma seems different, she seems just like a girl, any human girl raised in the life. And that scares her, what if she’s not, what if is and others can be like her, how many innocent monsters has she potentially killed over the years? How can she stay while trying to figure it out, she’s surrounded by family but they’re all strangers to her.
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
(See the end of the chapter for
12x11 with Emma
Emma meets Benny
When they finished and the car was working again he told Emma to hop in and when she got to turn her over and hear the engine purr for the first time the biggest smile broke out on her face and Dean wore a matching one. He was so proud of her and so happy that they’d done it together. They took the car out for a spin and ended up stopping for some burgers and pie to celebrate. It was so simple but it was one of the best days they’d had in a while.
Dean’s phone started ringing again causing Castiel to pull away and Dean looked down at his phone that was still sitting on the ground next to him, Sam’s name on the screen. Dean swallowed thickly and picked up his phone, hitting the green button and putting his brother on speaker, “Sammy…”
“10” Dean replied without having to look at his phone.
Cas gasped and pulled Dean close to him, wrapping his arm around Dean’s back, he could feel the hunter’s pure desire and need for him pulsing off him in waves, it was almost overwhelming if it weren’t for the fact that Castiel also felt the desire and need for Dean in return.
Cas rolled his eyes at Dean again but stood up, before helping Dean stand, using his grace to soothe the pain from Dean’s arthritis gently. The angel had tried to heal Dean’s eyes, but it hadn’t worked, it was just a part of the inevitability of growing old. Dean glared at Cas for just a minute when the pain in his joints eased, Cas’ grace had become much weaker from the extended time out of Heaven, but Cas still used it to help Dean and sometimes Dean wished he wouldn’t.
Dean rolled his eyes some, “Wings or not you are always going to be my angel Cas. It’s a pet name, you know endearing terms like babe or Honey.”
Cas swallowed thickly around the towel before nodding slowly, the pain was already excruciating and he couldn’t imagine it getting worse. Dean took a long deep breath, steeling himself to hear his boyfriend’s screams and keep going anyways before looking at Sam, “Ready Sammy?”
Dean finally opened his eyes at the feeling of his comforter against his back and looked up at Castiel, Dean’s eyes were indeed watery but they were both silently in agreeance to ignore them. Dean slowly cleared his throat, “Um… there is lube in my drawer and... “ Dean’s face felt hot at the sudden realization he was going to have to explain this to Cas.
Cas groaned gently, he slowly forced his eyes open and he knew something was wrong, he didn’t know why he felt so awful, and his wings hurt more than they ever had before and he let out a soft whimper of pain as he tried to adjust his wings in the other plane.
Dean shouted in angry, “He tortured Sam by killing me like 100 times!”
Dean wasn’t about to explain this to Sam but he huffed out, “Shut up Sam.”
Dean handed the present back to Cas and watched him as he followed Dean’s instructions exactly, but it had somehow ended up looking better then Dean had ever done before. “See that looks, great angel!”
Dean and Cas have the bunker to themselves for a weekend.
The first time Castiel met Dean, he had started to feel things for Dean Winchester even more because the human was beautiful, feisty, and most interesting. The way Dean had reacted to him made him even more curious about Humanity. Castiel knew that most Humans would have been too scared, and some may have fainted. Not Dean though, Dean Winchester had shot him with Silver, Rock salt and had even stabbed him with the Demon Knife.
The nurse nodded and then followed the others inside with Dean. Cas followed them and Sam followed as well to try and keep Cas out of the way. After they gave Dean a shot of epinephrine they worked to get him breathing again. A new nurse came over to get information on Dean, Cas was barely paying attention to anything but watching Dean as they tried to intubate him. Sam answered the nurse’s questions before taking Cas into the waiting room so that they wouldn’t be in the people’s way. Cas tried to fight at first but finally, he let Sam direct him into the nearest waiting room. Sam made Cas sit down before sitting next to him, “Cas they are taking care of Dean, we got him here with enough time…”
Once the doctor had left Dean smiled before looking at Sam who nodded in understanding, he knew Dean and Cas needed some time alone, “I am going to go get some coffee”
Cas coated his fingers with lube and gently prepped Dean, using his grace to help it go faster, he was barely at his third finger before Dean was writhing with need and begging for his Alpha to just fuck him already. Cas used his grace to make sure Dean was fully prepped before gently pulling his fingers out and suddenly pushing his cock in. Dean cried out and there was a brief moment of relief before the sensation just being filled wasn’t enough. “Alpha! Please… please… pleaseee breed me… please it hurts…”
Cas gently used the last bit of grace he could, for now, to clean both of them up, slowly pulling out of Dean before laying next to the man. Dean once again wrapped himself around Cas and held onto the angel tightly.
Cas woke a few hours later, his wings felt like they were on fire, similar to when he had pulled Dean from Hell and instinctually tried to tuck his wings in close to him to protect them but the sudden movement caused even more pain and he cried out.
Once they were finally at the motel Dean carefully got Castiel out of the car and inside. Dean gently laid his boyfriend on the bed before looking at Sam, “Sammy get me the first aid kit and something for him to bite down on…”
Cas chuckled warmly, “Yes I did. And you are not getting it until your birthday Dean so do not even try it.”
Dean watched Cas as he watched Sam and Gabriel making a mess as they ate, and silently thought it was hilarious. Cas looked disgusted, confused, and also really concerned. When Gabriel attempted to shove a French fry up his nose, Cas quickly stopped the fledgling and said sternly, “Gabriel that is disgusting. Why would you attempt to shove food up to your nasal canal.”
Cas nodded some and it took a bit for the pain meds to start to kick in but once they had his body relaxed completely. Dean smiled and with Sam’s help this time took Cas out to the car laying him down in the backseat. They took a pillow and the thin quilt-like blanket from the motel so Cas could sleep as much as possible on their drive back to the bunker.
Dean shrugged some before pulling away, “I gotta get dressed, I found a nice restaurant, and its owned by a gay couple so.”
Cas blushed gently, “I… I didn’t… I didn’t think”
Dean groaned gently while he tried to open his eyes, his whole body felt like it was on fire just without burning and he didn’t understand why. The last thing he could clearly remember was that he had been on a hunt for a witch with Sam, Cas was in Heaven helping Gabriel. Dean groaned again and tried to move, but then he heard Sam’s voice and he tried to move but he could feel Sam touching him holding him down. “Easy Dean, the witch hit you with some sort of spell, I tried calling Cas but-“
Dean made a gentle humming noise before nodding and shrugging his shoulder, “I guess you are right, So I think we can go to the Library, organize some of the books and mop, I haven’t really looked at what needs to be done in there,”
Dean groaned gently but internally he was desperate to finally have a real reason to look for Sam and Gabriel. “Yeah alright, let’s go look for them, Can you sense Gabriel’s grace?”
Cas blushed deeply, “I uh…”
Castiel didn’t bother stopping the tears that filled his eyes, his face split into a wide smile before he pressed his lips to Dean’s once more and his shoulder’s dropped the tension they had.
Dean had pretty much always been competitive, even if it wasn’t exactly on purpose. Dean always tried to win John’s affection and interest the way his little brother had, following John’s rules to the letter most of the time, giving up his entire childhood to raise and protect Sam, it was never enough. It had taken a long time after John’s death for Dean to accept the shitty way he grew up, it didn’t matter anymore because John was long dead and being angry over it made no sense. Despite that, though, his competitive nature was far too ingrained in him to forget it and stop being competitive. As Dean got older he had come to accept that you can’t win every single time, but after losing a game of chess, (something Dean was usually surprisingly good at) to Cas for the 5th time in a row he was starting to get rather frustrated, “Damn it Cas are you using your mojo?”
Castiel was frozen for a moment, he had certainly been expecting more anger from the man but then he moved and wrapped his arms around Dean. Castiel closed his eyes, relishing in the feelings of happiness and love radiating from Dean.
Dean rolled his eyes and then looked at Cas, “What do you want with your pancakes, Angel?”
Dean was suddenly overcome by an overwhelming need for Cas, not just Cas being next to him, holding him. Dean felt like he needed Cas’ cock buried so deep with him that he couldn’t see straight. Dean gently whimpered, “Cas… need Cas…”
Cas nodded some, “I know Dean… believe me, I do but… I have to try”
Cas nodded and went to look out the window to watch the people passing by, and Dean made sure wasn’t paying attention as he walked up to the waiter and carefully tapped him on the shoulder lightly clearing his throat, “Hi… I um was wondering if after we were done eating if you could put this,” Dean showed the man Cas’ ring, “In my boyfriend’s champagne.”
Of course, Dean’s mouth worked faster than his brain and before he even realized he was saying it the words spilled out of his mouth, “So Angel, I was kind of thinking about us really getting married. I know I said at. First, we don’t have to and stuff but… I would like to call you my husband,”
It was almost 7 hours later before Dean finally began to stir, he groaned gently trying to sit up his mind feeling overwhelmingly hazy. Cas was wide awake and gently stood up and laid his hand on Dean’s chest to stop him, “Shhh Dean easy, don’t move you are intubated”
The Empty looked up at him and smiled some, the smile looking wrong even though Castiel had seen Meg smile countless times, it looked odd now on The Empty’s face, “Because I wanted to ask you a question.”
Dean chuckled darkly, which did nothing for Castiel’s cock, which twitched and threatened to explode all over them. Castiel groaned, his back arching against Dean’s body as the other teen gave one more thrust, like the tease he was. “Dean, please. If you don’t get me to a bed, I really will throttle you. Though, there’s a chance that might not happen before I have my first Dean Winchester orgasm all over your precious car.”
Cass and Gabe did end up staying that night. And Dean drove them to school in the morning, but he didn’t say anything to them, and they didn’t know what to say to him. They had just been witness to one of the most important moments of his life. A moment in which he’d totally flaked.
“Hey, Cas, do you need help getting out of the car?” It was Gabe’s voice, and Dean looked up as the other Novak approached, Jo a step behind. Dean eyed him as the other teen got closer, clenching his fists into tight fists. After threatening him in the car Dean had no idea what Gabriel would do.
“Was any of what Sam said today true? All the names and abuse?” Cas asked her. She nodded.
“Here, I’ll get it.” Jo told her, jumping to do just that.
“You’d never lose me, and you could still have the life you want. I just wouldn’t be in it.”
“On the streets, it’s the only way to survive. I hurt him, I humiliated him in front of an audience. You said so yourself. He’s gonna be pissed. And he’s not going to stop until I pay for what I did. Where I come from, the only way to protect myself, and Sammy, would have been to kill him.”
It did more than shut him up; he stood up, picked up his books and his bag and moved to another desk up the front.
Their dinner that night went by in absolute silence on the brothers’ part. Bobby and Ellen quietly discussed the intention to adopt the boys. Ellen suggested maybe it had been too soon to bring it up. Bobby argued that he wanted to prove that he was in this for the long haul. Sam and Dean listened, exchanging a few loaded glances but otherwise let Bobby and his wife believe they weren’t listening.
“Sorry, I didn’t get much sleep last night.”
Beside him, Crowley burst out laughing. “I thought his name was Moose. But Samantha is even better.”
“Don’t give me that shit! You’re as suspicious as I am of everyone.”
“Man, I will fuck you up!” the name-less guy boasted, stepping up into Dean’s face. But Dean was faster. He got to his feet, orange replaced with blade. He closed the gap between him and his opponent and looked into the man’s eyes for the moment the blade registered in his brain.
“Hmm, so, what you’re telling me is that you’re a snobby rich bitch with friends in high places, who are just as snobby and pretentious as you are. People who could ruin your life, make you an outcast, if, say for hypothetical purposes, they found out that your homophobic ass refused to allow your now disgraced gay sons to collect their stuff in order to abide your wish to never see them again.”
Dean pointedly chose to ignore his brother’s hyena laugh, and the chorus that came from Gabriel and Jo in solidarity of Sam’s joy.
“I’m not sure that’s how that works, but I appreciate it,” he turned away from her and started flipping through his son’s journal trying to find the personal parts that would tell him about the man he became and why his grandson reacted the way he had. The personal bits of journaling were casually interspersed between bits of lore, some Henry mentally corrected or added to. He hated the suffering he read in his son’s handwriting. The loss of his future/former daughter-in-law and the spiral his son would go down. The way he’d talk about roping his children into his vendetta, teaching them to shoot at such young ages, making them into hunters, it broke his heart and stoked anger in it at the same time. This wasn’t what he wanted for his son, he was supposed to grow up loved by him, become a Men of Letters, not grow up to lose his wife because he couldn’t protect his family from a demon, become a hunter, become an alcoholic. None of this was supposed to happen and he had to change it. While everyone else was asleep Henry left trying to get back to his own time in a vain hope that his great-granddaughter was right. That history could correct itself and he could fix it all and prevent generations of suffering for his family. He hoped that wouldn’t prevent Emma’s existence as she was sweet and deserved to live, but if she was the price he had to pay then so be it, never being born wasn’t like dying it wouldn’t hurt her, and no one else would even know about her. He went to a magic shop in an attempt to get the last two ingredients for the spell as he’d been able to get an angel feather from the trunk of the Impala.
She probably would have gone completely crazy about it all if Sam hadn’t been there reigning her in. He’d tell her to take a break, bring her food when she’d spent too long without it, and remind her to touch base with Jody and Alex to keep from getting too caught up in her own head. Some nights she’d do the same for him; both propping each other up terrified for Dean and so unsure of their ability to actually help. Sam was reminded a lot of the four months he spent trying to get Dean out of hell and was just glad that he had Emma helping this time instead of Ruby pushing him into bad decisions.
Emma is a lot like Dean, partially because he’s the most involved parental figure she’s ever had and partially just because the Winchester genes are strong, heaven made sure of that.
Dean needed to teach Emma to drive, with the Leviathans on their ass it was important she’d be able to make a quick getaway even if Sam and Dean couldn’t leave immediately, if the leviathans impersonated them or the cops and tried something it was important she be able to get away safely. After he realized he needed to teach her he was almost glad for the first time that they weren’t driving the Impala at the moment. If her first stint behind the wheel was anything like Sammy’s, well, don’t teach a kid to drive in a car you care about. At least developmentally she’d have a few years on Sam as to when they learned, more than a couple inches too because he’d hit his growth spurt in his later teens and at twelve he’d still had trouble seeing out the windshield properly. Emma was only about a month old but she seemed to be about seventeen or so mentally and developmentally so about on target for when most kids learn, and Dean did appreciate that because at least in one way she wasn’t learning as early as he and Sam had to. At least one thing in her life could be almost normal.
Chuck huffed annoyed, "How could I have known that? I'd never done anything like that, I can only foresee things to a degree based on past knowledge. I just have more knowledge than other people and can see it that way. Definitely didn't foresee you though, would've thought that would go differently."
Kudos and comments are joy, follow me on tumblr for more Emmanatural content. I'm scarecrowmax on there too. Requests for specific things in future chapters are always appreciated.
So when her dad gets yanked into Purgatory, presumably dead or soon to be so, she clams up. She stops talking, and Sam doesn’t know what to do. He has to take care of his niece and he’s never had to be a parent before, never really spent a ton of time all alone with her. Yeah, he’d help her with schooling and whatnot, but usually, Dean was nearby. Or just off to the store for a little while, not gone.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sam and Dean were looking at the model in the basement that the demons had built up to try and find the crypt while Meg, Cas, and Emma were upstairs. In the living room Meg was drinking and Cas was bandaging her up while Emma was searching some of the bedrooms to see if she could find Meg appropriate clothes so she could get out of the ones she was wearing. The sheer amount of blood dried and crusted onto Meg’s clothes meant they could probably stand on their own. She was able to find something she thought would be acceptable and brought them down only to find Cas and Meg doing their weird staring and flirting thing. Meg got changed after making some semi-filthy parting remarks to Cas that made Emma wish she had taken longer to find the clothes.
Unfortunately the suspicious deaths were the fault of a group of demons in the town who were digging around. If they could stop it then the town would be fine again. Cas’s sudden arrival was a nice surprise to the Winchesters, though he was acting odd and kind of awkward even for him. But they put it to the back of their minds when he started talking about searching for the other half of the demon tablet and Lucifer’s crypts. Emma opted to head to the kitchen with him when he went to interrogate the demon they had trapped in there.
Emma is nearly as happy as Dean and Jack when Cas comes back because he's family to her too. And Cas gives her a big hug right after he hugs Jack, and she tells him they missed him during it but then after they let go she slugs his arm and tells him not to do that again.
It was the simple moments like this that just made him think about how lucky he was these days. He had his family and despite all his fears about it, he knew he was a better dad than his ever was. Even back then he had been the one to wrap up Sammy to protect him from the cold and now he was doing it for his (not so) little girl. He was happy. That was all there really was to it, he was happy with his life. Sure some things could be better but having Emma safe and being able to be with her was enough some days to make all the other crap worth it.
“You’re staying with us right?” Emma asked Meg after a few minutes of driving.
Friendly Vampire. Benny, Benny had a Go Straight to Purgatory, Don’t Pass Go, Don’t Collect $200s card. He needed to call him and fast. He could only hope Benny would be willing to help. He hated that he was asking but this was Sam, and Benny was pretty much family even if he didn’t get on all that well with Sam. He hoped Benny would be willing to do it even though Sam was so antagonistic towards him, but that hope was all he had.
Kudos and comments are always appreciated. If you've got a request for a future chapter let me know either on here or on Tumblr. I'm Scarecrowmax there as well.
The tablet is free and Dean is struggling trying to keep Cas from killing him, Cas is trying to keep himself from killing Dean, he doesn’t want to, but he isn’t in control. His body isn’t his own for the first time since he was resurrected without Jimmy. He’s Heaven’s vessel, he understands for the first time with complete clarity why Jimmy didn’t want to say “yes” again. He understands that being the body Heaven acts through isn’t as wonderful as they had made it sound. His body doesn’t belong to him and it’s going to be used to kill Dean.
Emma wears Dean’s old ring, which was originally Mary’s wedding ring, and Mary came back wearing it too. The duplication of it is weird to her, seeing this girl, supposedly her granddaughter, wearing the most important piece of jewelry she ever owned like it’s nothing. Like it’s just a random accessory, not as the commitment to getting out of the life that Mary always thought of it as. This girl, not even human, wears the ring Mary always viewed as her path out of hunting. She was living proof that Mary couldn’t keep her boys safe and away from the life and she was wearing her ring. It was a punch to the gut.
Just as he’d expected he’d added in a new nightmare, and with it more self-loathing. He could only do so much to remind himself of what the circumstances had been and that everyone was safe before falling back on some of his old habits. Bottles were more prevalent under his bed for the first time, he hadn’t been drinking like this since after Bobby died, he’d cut back so far once Emma came around. He wanted so badly to do better but it was so difficult, he managed to pull himself back together bit by bit. He didn’t think he’d ever get over what he did, or wrapping up her body, a parent just wasn’t supposed to ever have to do that. Kids should outlive their parents by a long time, parents shouldn’t outlive their kids. At least she’d come back without him having to make a deal, he woulda done it if he’d had to. Taken less than a year this time if he had to, anything to get her back. He knew she’d hate him for it, just like Sam did, just like he’d hated his dad, but her life was worth so much more than his and he’d do anything for her.
Cas nodded some, he knew Dean was thinking the same thing and he understood why they had both been through so much. “I know Sam… sometimes finding the good, in a bad situation is the best you can do… I am sorry about losing Charlie, I am”
Dean smirked and yelled back to torture Sam, “Hey I like to play Cowboys with my angel!”
Cas smiled warmly, “I made you dinner,”
Chaos meowed and purred as Dean pet him, a few seconds later Gabe came in, “He was in our room,”
The Empty sat up straighter, before meeting Castiel’s eyes once again, “Do you want to go back?”
Cas closed his eyes and tried to contact Gabriel through angel radio first, but he got no reply, and when he focused on Gabriel’s grace, he could barely sense the archangel’s grace. Cas frowned and suddenly grabbed Dean’s hand, as he was lucky enough to feel enough to lock onto Gabriel’s location, “Hold on Dean,”
Dean was positive he didn’t deserve a guy, a former angel of the lord, like Castiel. Between the things he had to do to keep Sam fed sometimes, then Hell, he didn’t deserve Castiel. Of course, Castiel being the ever rebellious angel he really was, didn’t care what Dean thought he deserved and loved him anyway, the former angel had told Dean how he felt when they were fighting their way out of Purgatory. How he loved Dean and he had left Dean because he couldn’t stand the idea of Dean getting hurt because of him. Things after Purgatory were unimaginably fucked up though and sometimes Dean was almost positive he imagined Cas telling him he loved him.
Dean shook his head, he wished he could let Sam do it, it wasn’t that Dean was better at the sutures because Sam was just as good, Dean had taught him. Honestly, Dean couldn’t name a reason as to why he needed to do this he just knew he did. “No… I need to Sammy…”
Cas watched Dean’s body react to their contact, he could feel the emotions pulsing off of Dean’s soul, slowly Cas pulled his hand away and used it to cup Dean’s cheek, the hunter opened his eyes that held unshed tears. Cas pressed their lips together again, Dean put his hands on Cas’ waist and pulled the angel closer to him, reveling in the feeling of their bare skin touching.
Cas eyes went wide with excitement, his other conversation briefly forgotten, and he nodded vigorously, “Yes! Yes, of course, Dean!!” Cas then excitedly pressed his lips to Dean’s, and the smile on his angel’s face was worth it.
Sam made a small noise, “I don’t know Dean… we have just been standing here… I’ll get back to the bunker..”
Dean looked at Cas with confusion, but then when he uttered that word worried washed over him, “What Cas?”
Cas smiled and cupped Dean’s cheek, “You told me you wished for me to show you my wings while we were having intercourse so…”
Cas panted hard, continuing to hold himself off of Dean before making his wings disappear, then slowly pulling out of Dean and collapsing next to him.
Cas shook his head, he understood the humor behind what Dean had ended his confession with. A certain thing Dean had said earlier was sticking his head and Cas cleared his throat, “Dean… you said… you said you did things… what did you mean?”
Dean kissed him again before moving to get his pants on and going to the kitchen. Cas hesitated before following Dean, he wondered if he should tell Dean about his previous relationship with Balthazar, they had been a couple when they were fighting together. Cas had lied to Dean about him having been a virgin completely, but mostly because he had been ashamed of Balthazar at the time, they hadn’t ended well, to be fair it wasn’t Cas’ fault but Balthazar’s. Now though Castiel regretted having killed Balthazar, the memory was still too painful and he shook the thought away quickly. Cas then followed Dean to the kitchen deciding against telling him about Balthazar right now. When Cas saw Sam in the Library he decided to go into the library to talk to Sam. After entering the gently cleared his throat to gain Sam’s attention, “Hello Sam,”
Cas blushed more quickly, going to turn the music on his phone off, “Nothing…”
Cas gasped gently before he was now feeling impatient, using his grace to rid Dean of the rest of his clothes and picking the man up using his grace to do so with ease.
Gabriel pouted and looked like he was going to cry but then looked over at Sam and Dean, then nodded and suddenly hugged Cas, “I sorry birdie, love you.”
The waiter looked down at the ring and smiled some, “Of course, I will ask you to hold onto it until then, I wouldn’t want to lose it,”
Cas nodded and took the bouquet, but left the jar of honey. Cas was still admiring the flowers and wanted to have them with him. Dean was ever the gentleman as he opened Baby’s passenger door for Cas, then closed and went around to his side, triple checking that the ring was still there in its beautiful black velvet box. After taking deep breathing, Dean climbed into Baby and took Cas’ hand as he drove, mostly to ground his nerves. Cas could tell something was up with Dean, and knew Dean would tell him eventually, he wouldn’t enter Dean’s mind unless he thought he had to. Dean had forgotten that it was valet parking only, and he was hesitant as he pulled into the restaurant’s parking area. After putting baby in park and glaring hard at the guy, “No joy rides, and there had better not be a damn scratch on her or I will kick your ever-loving ass.”
Cas gripped Dean’s shoulder and used his grace to change their clothes, Dean in his swimming trunks, and Cas put himself in some trunks of his own. “There,”
“Open your eyes Castiel,” The Empty’s voice filled his ears, well it was Meg’s former, but familiar gravelly voice.
Dean carefully pulled off Cas shirt studying his body for a moment before leaning forward and kissing the angel slowly. Cas looked up at Dean and returned his kiss but he was feeling overwhelmingly insecure, his body had once been in pristine condition, James Novak had been an avid runner, before Castiel had never really cared about his appearance, but after weeks of being in a relationship with Dean, and not having intercourse, Cas was starting to wonder if maybe Dean no longer found him attractive. They had done other things but had still yet to go all way. Dean noticed the demeanor change in his boyfriend’s body language and cupped Cas’ cheek and studied Cas’ face softly, “What’s wrong Cas?”
It was barely 5 minutes later that the waiter was bringing back the glass and was expertly the ring that was now sitting at the bottom of the glass. As he sat down the glass, he gave a smile and nod to Dean as he started to walk away, but Dean could see him hesitate to watch him.
Dean gently cupped Cas’ cheek and stroked it gently with his thumb, “What hurts angel?”
The case Sam had found, was a witch who was De-aging people into toddlers, and then the children ended up dead. Sam hadn’t even been sure if the case they had, was even a case because it was just abductions, signs of demons, and then children looking similar to the people had been abducted showing up dead a week later. Dean and Sam had decided to check it out just in case, mostly because of the signs of the demon’s in the area, Castiel and Gabriel had agreed to go with them, so they could lend a hand in case it was something more than simple abductions.
Cas’ hands moved now, slowly grabbing the hem of Dean’s black t-shirt, Dean shivered as Castiel’s fingertips brushed his skin. Cas looked up at Dean, meeting the man’s eyes, before being gentle as he pulled the black t-shirt over Dean’s head. Cas’ eyes were first drawn to the hunter’s anti-possession tattoo, then the faded scar on Dean’s left arm, to be fair Cas didn’t even need to see it to know exactly where the scar was, he was the one who put it there, it would forever be in his memories.
Dean’s eyebrows knitted together, that was not where he was expecting the conversation to go. “Um… no?”
Moonbeams carry nights along
Cas turned to Dean after also taking his suit jacket off and his finger fumbling with his tie, “Whatever you want from this Dean, we can do or not do, I want to do things at your pace. I personally am not experienced in sexual intercourse with another male while possessing a male vessel… but-”
Dean ran his fingers through his hair nervously, "Fuck..." After a moment he whispered, "Damn it Cas where are you..."
Dean looked over at Cas from the couch but was up the moment he heard Cas speak. Dean was by his side almost instantly and stroked Cas cheek, “Hey there handsome, how ya feeling.” Cas groaned gently and mostly out of habit he tried to sit up but it pulled painfull on the stitches making him squeak, actually squeak in pain. Dean stopped him and caressed his cheek, “Easy Cas, we don’t want you ripping out your stitches okay?”
Cas nodded, “Alright Dean, anything you wish. I have no problem assisting you”
Dean’s eyes widened for what seemed like the 100th time that night, and his smile grew, “Really?”
Cas groaned at the words coming out of Dean’s mouth and started thrusting into him harshly, “Such a good Omega, so good, so pretty. Going to breed you.”
Dean raised his eyebrows again, and then the chorus started, Cas could see Dean actually enjoying it. Dean went quiet and listened to the song, soon enough it ended. Dean turned it off before it could start again and handed Cas his phone back, “Alrighty then…”
Dean sighed some, but his shoulder relaxed the tension he had been holding, “Well then you already know what I am doing Bitch,”
Cas’ lips curled into a smile, “I love you too Dean.”
Cas let out a soft whimper, but nodded and finally let go of Dean’s shirt. Dean carefully kissed his head one more time before he finally got up, quickly pulling his boxers on before going to find Gabriel. Dean knew Gabriel usually sat up in the library so he checked there first, although he had no way of knowing that Sam had come out almost 2 hours ago to get a cup of water. Gabriel and Sam had started to talk, unfortunately for Dean, they were no longer talking and Dean got to see things of his brother and the archangel he never wanted to see. Dean yelped and covered his eyes quickly yelling, “DUDE! We eat there!!”
Cas' ring has finally come in, and on his way home he stops at a Farmer's Market to find flowers.
Gabe’s voice interrupted Dean’s thoughts, “Why don’t we all play Monopoly? That’s a good one,”
Dean suddenly pulled Cas into his arms and buried his face in the crook of Cas’ neck, “Fuck Cas… what did I do to ever deserve you?”
Dean choked on his food, coughing hard to dislodge the food before taking a swig of his orange juice and then glaring at his brother, “First of all I like it, and secondly don’t even think about making fun of Cas for it, I don’t want him thinking he needs to feel ashamed of it.”
“Not far. I pressed it against his ribs, but didn’t break the skin. You came back before it got that far.”
“Aside from copping a feel of your son, in all the fun places? Well, it’s pretty simple really. I’m going to walk out that door pretty soon and never have to look back. I am never going to have to come back here for any reason at all. But you? Well, you’ll have to live with the fact that the gay son that you loathe so much is going to be waiting for my rod tonight, ready, and willing.” Dean told them.
“Dude, he doesn’t trust Bobby. And you’ve seen how much respect he has for Bobby. Respect and trust are two entirely different things. Just because he respects you, doesn’t mean he trusts you. If you want him to trust you, prove to him that he can. He wants to trust you. He wants to trust everyone here. But our lives have taught us, him especially, that no one can be trusted.”
“It’s pink.”
“If you need anything from me on this, just call me.” Dean told her after a moment of silence. The silence stretched on for another minute or so and Dean sighed. He held the phone to his ear, not saying anything, just being there for his friend while she processed what she’d just been told. He knew she didn’t need him to say anything, just be there for her.
“We’re gonna be late for school.”
"They are her parents. They rode in the bus with us. Between you and me, sedate the fire fighter. He's riding a massive guilt trip because he couldn't get the beam off her leg on his own."
Sam didn’t bother responding to his brother’s name calling. It was kind of true, to be honest.
“Hey, asshat, Cass needs help getting the last box down from his room.” Sam told him.
“Oh, and I suppose you’re gonna tell me you’ll do that as well?” Cass asked sarcastically.
On the street, you learn quickly; sleep with one eye open, back to the wall, and always be prepared to defend what little scraps you can scrape together. They’d earned their reputation, him and Sam, both. That to mess with one Winchester, you messed with both of them. They talk big and they back up their talk with a well-stocked arsenal of weapons, which they carry with them in the car; blades, guns, even bats.
Sam sighed. The sad thing was, Dean wasn’t being a jerk. He just genuinely didn’t grasp the concept that even though Castiel wasn’t Ellen or Bobby’s son, they had taken him in to their home and they did actually care.
It had always been his brother’s wish to be taken in by a family that they could trust and learn to love and who could love them. But Sam would never do that and risk being split up from Dean; too much of their lives had depended on them staying together. It was too well set into their beings for either of them to just walk away from each other. So, Dean had always known that if the day ever came where they were presented those papers it would be up to him to decide their fate, for better or for worse.
The woman behind the desk, a young pretty thing with dark brown hair and pale skin, looked up from her computer. She was even younger than Dean realised as she stood and approached them. She had blue eyes and her mouth seemed to be permanently set to polite-smile. Again, neither twin noticed much more than that. It was only ever the eyes and a few minor details to give them a sense of how to react in a situation; flight or fight. This woman, like the girl outside, weren’t threatening, but they weren’t anything that would warrant a second thought, either.
“Unfair! He called me stupid! Just like everyone else. Look at the stupid kid. He can’t read or write. Stupid worthless piece of crap.”
“No? Well, neither is Dean, didn’t stop you from calling him stupid. Stupid.”
“Remind me again, how old does your mother think you are?”
But Castiel, still fussing and tucking, growled in outrage. “HEY! I’m a parent, it’s my job to be overbearing and protective. Especially since I almost lost my only child!”
“Not well.” Gabe answered again.
When she’d left Sam turned on his brother. “What was that?”
Sam sat and eyed his brother for a moment longer before getting out of the car and dashing inside. Castiel was seated at the breakfast table with Bobby and Ellen, and now Jo and Gabe were there too. He didn’t stop to greet everyone. He grabbed Cass by the collar of his shirt and pulled. “Come with me.” He demanded.
“Let this be your only lesson on the matter. His name is Castiel Novak. He has a twin brother named Gabriel. My brother happens to care about these people. You may call them the gay squad. And I care, very much, about my twin brother so you can call me their bodyguard. The last time I had to protect my brother, the other guy did not walk away. Nod if you understand.”
Dean laughed and stepped back, raising his hands in a show of ‘I surrender’. “Go. Gabe has a point; I’d like to get this over and done with as soon as possible.”
“And he got in your face about it? How far did you get the blade?"
This was a man who had been on the scene the moment his only child had almost died. A man who had watched the whole thing unfold, from beginning to end.
A moment later the sound of Sam’s obnoxious laughter met Dean’s ears and Dean groaned. “Fuck my life.” He muttered.
“Bobby’s about twenty minutes away, he’ll store it at the house and move it when your uncle has a place for you guys to stay.”
Dean would have said something about how much he looked forward to seeing that, except Castiel’s ride pulled up then and Dean reached around his husband to open the door and then hand him carefully into the passenger seat.
“Jerk.”
“He’s my twin. Don’t you and Gabe do that?” Dean shrugged.
Cas took Dean, by the wrists, gently, and led him over to the sink to run cold water over them before moving to the bed to call the nurse.
Rowena had been a close friend of Sam's during college. She was also, technically, Summer's other parent. She'd been forcibly impregnated by her abusive husband, who may or not have been 'disappeared' afterward - Crowley and Dean would never talk about it, even if they did know something. Giving these circumstances and the fragility of her mental state following this abuse Dean and Cas had stepped up and offered to take the child.
“Speak for yourself, Gabriel.”
And while it had broken Dean physically, it had also toughened him up too; probably a little too much in retrospect. Dean, of course, didn’t consider it ‘rape’ in the strict sense of the term, since he did agree to do it, always ignoring the fact that Sam was being held at gun point and the alternative was to sit and watch it being done to Sam. “Had nothing to do with it, Sammy. Just let it go.”
Dean smirked, pulling Cas into his body with a firm hand to his waist. Castiel let out a small ‘oomph’ as his body impacted Dean’s solid, unyielding chest, one hand happened to land on Dean’s right pectoral as the other wrapped around behind Dean’s back and fell to his shoulder. Dean dropped his head and spoke against the column of Castiel’s neck, “I speak with the confidence of someone who knows he can back it up with action.”
“I’m gonna say this and I know I’m going to get away with it because I am your brother, and I know you better than he does. But seriously dude, you are a dummy. Don’t look at me like that, you know I don’t mean it in the way they do. You’re a dummy because you didn’t stop to let him explain himself. Oh believe me, I ripped into him for using that word but I also stuck around to see the look on his face after you left. He didn’t say it with the knowledge of your past experience, Dean. And because of that, you were a little unfair on him.”
Dean’s face wasn’t any better, either. It was all black and blue, and his nose looked like it might have been broken and then reset. More split lip, even more lacerations, both eyes as black as night, not to mention blood smeared through his hair.
That left Dean to turn back to Castiel and help him to his feet. “Can you stand on your own?” he asked.
“So, it looks like the Winchesters have a new home for the next few days, at least.” He said tiredly, feeling justified when he felt more than heard Dean puff out a soft chuckle.
“Dean, cool it, will you.”
“You did. Three years ago.”
"Seventeen year old female. At school. Building caught on fire. She was running to get out and tripped. The support beam fell and pinned her leg. Took two fire fighters to lift it off her. We've treated her for smoke inhalation and had to give her strong pain medication to knock her out as she was in too much pain and wouldn't allow us to work on her. No complications en route to the ED. Before losing consciousness she did admit she has no feeling in the leg. Third degree burns entire leg. Definitely broken, possibly shattered."
“Because, despite all of my hints and advances, you still seem so oblivious to my feelings. Sam says that I have to be more obvious, that you don’t take hints. So, if I may be blunt?”
"What possessed you to play with fire?"
But, Summer knew her pops better than that.
“So, then it must have been Novak. Is he hung, at least?”
He was kind, and nurturing and gentle. He doted on her. And he worshipped her daddy. And he’d taught her that ‘real men’ don’t abuse their position over other people, no matter what the circumstances were. Her daddy Dean was her hero, and not just because he was a firefighter and had literally pulled her out of a burning building a few days ago.
He nodded and left.
Obviously.
Summer groaned. “You mean he’s going to be more overbearing and protective than he already was? I didn’t even think that was possible.” She grumbled good naturedly. Her cheeky grin giving her away. Dean saw it and chuckled at Castiel’s expense.
“It’s fine. Get out.”
The girl’s eyes seemed to glaze over for a long moment as she searched her brain for the answer. She must have moved wrong, trying to sit up, or shift into a more comfortable position, because she cried out and threw her upper body at her legs, like she was trying to protect her injured leg; or maybe trying to make the pain stop.
Dean was a fighter, in the strongest sense of the word. Throw the guy into any situation and Sam would bet his brother would walk away from it, beat up, for sure, but definitely walking. Ok, maybe it would be more like limping, but still… his brother would come away from the situation on his own, anyone else would be carried away, himself included.
“He didn’t always know how to fight back, Gabe. And he took the shit because of me. We’re not identical, obviously, so it wasn’t like they mistook him for me, or the other way around. They beat and abused him because he refused to let them do it to me.”
“Of course. I’d love to meet these parents of yours. See this belt Gabe was talking about. Tell me, has your father ever been hit with it?”
“But you feel something for Cass?”
“I swore an oath to look out for you. To keep you safe. Getting you to school is on that agenda. I made no such vow to your brother.”
“What do you need me to say, Dean? I think I’ve run out of advice for The Dream. You killed a man to protect me. He had his penis out and my pants down. Would you have done it differently?”
“Yeah. I..., yeah. Just let me process it first.”
But Dean was still self-conscious about his ADHD. And their father wasn’t around to care much, so that left the two pre-teens to muddle through. It was how they’d learned about their strengths and weaknesses – where they’d learned Dean’s strengths and weaknesses.
“You were spoken to, young man.” Nor did Dean pay that one any attention. They’d both been trying to get some sort of response out of him from the moment they’d sat down and he’d taken up position at the door. Obviously they weren’t used to being ignored in favour of their sons.
“Yeah, well, it passes the time.”
“CASS! Jesus man. She’s our daughter. There are certain things she shouldn’t know about our sex lives.”
"We've been here for hours. Why hasn't anyone come out yet?"
“Dean, we’re not in this alone anymore, remember? Just let it go. Face facts; Bobby has to be our next of kin here.” Sam reminded him. Dean huffed a deep sigh and his mouth twisted into something akin to a grimace before he nodded.
“Duh, where else would it be?” Dean scolded giving his twin a look like he thought Sam had lost his ever loving mind.
“Tell him The Dream.”
“I called him Fergus.”
“Why does it matter? He said so in the hospital, I don’t mean a thing to him. I’m just ‘a friend’.”
“Alright then…”
“Agreed. Though, I am removing her driving privileges for the duration of her community service. She will either have to get a lift with her brother, or catch the bus.”
“I guess I am.”
“Oh, come on, seriously. You turn on your brother like that, something’s gotta be eating your ass. I mean, besides Castiel.”
“Yes! It is! You called him stupid. He’s not book smart like you. But that doesn’t mean he’s stupid, stupid!  If there is one word that could get Dean’s temper to flare it’s that one. Good luck in trying to get him to like you after this.”
Mind fuckery was his specialty, even Sam said so.
“What’re you doing in my house? I’ll call the police.”
“Why Castiel seemed so submissive at lunch. I hate homophobic fucks. Sam and I have been targeted on more than one occasion before we began standing up for ourselves. It’s never nice. It never ends well.”
“You have two choices. You can shut your mouth from now until you get to school, or you can get out and walk. But if you speak to me again I will break your face and you will be eating out of a straw for the rest of your high school life.” Dean didn’t raise his voice, if anything, he’d lowered it, but there was an edge to his tone, backed by the appearance of his ever available knife, his fist gripping the handle so tightly his knuckles had gone white, with the sharp blade laid out across the back centre piece of the front bench seat.
Sam and Dean both felt like they were walking to the gallows as they took their seats in the back; backs to the walls, eyes to the front, visual on every movement made by the other people in the room, Dean’s hand always just within reach of his knife hilt.
“What?” Dean snapped.
The Group finally manage to get Gabe and Castiel's stuff from their parents, and Castiel is VERY grateful to Dean.
“Don’t play dumb. You know perfectly well who the fuck I am. You’ve met my fists before. Haven’t you, cockrider671? How ironic that we meet again, and this time, it’s my boyfriend that you’re in trouble over. My brother said to give you this, by the way.” And Dean punched him in the face again. This time, like some grisly display of a squished banana being popped from its peel, Lucas’s nose had suddenly been spread across his face, which was smeared with blood.
“But what about Cassie?” Gabe asked.
“Permission to approach the bench, your honour.” Dean asked, seeing that Cas wanted a private word.
When they pulled into the school parking lot Dean jumped out and ran around to help Castiel out. Gabe and Sam stood to the side, waiting to be of assistance if needed, though Sam knew his brother well enough that he knew Dean would have it covered. He’d managed a lot worse than getting someone with a broken leg out of the car.
“Well, why the hell are we still sitting here, get me up to the room, you bastard, and stop teasing me.”
“I’m fine. Dean broke it up. It’s just a sprained ankle.” Cass told him.
“Are you sure? A moon boot might be easier at school. It’ll keep the ankle more stable, too.” the nurse added.
“What else do we need to sign?” Sam took over while Dean stepped back to stew over having to let another person dictate his and his brother’s life.
“You and your over active imagination. You’re so suspicious of everyone.”
“Why would you need a well hung man, you don’t bottom, so it’s not like they’d be getting it up there. Me? I don’t mind having it; waste not want not.”
Sam smirked and nodded, raising his hands to show that he wasn’t going any where.
“Dean. No. No, I didn’t tell them everything. You really think I’d fucking leak that one? Of all the shit we’ve been through, you think that’s ever leaving my lips? What the fuck do you take me for? I was there when they did that to you. I saw what it did to you after. If you ever think I would ever tell anyone that, you’re a jerk.” Sam argued.
Dean hadn’t even noticed he’d pulled out his knife until Sam said anything about it. Dean growled and did as he was told, reprimanded like only Sam could do.
Cass nodded in agreement. “Yes. I agree with you. So, punishment?”
“So, what am I supposed to do with this?”
Dean revved the engine, grinning at his twin. Sam lifted a single eyebrow but didn’t move.
Dean watched him silently by the window. "Oh, please, playing this off like I'm the one whose going to be impossible. Look at you, fussing over how straight the blankets are. You're the mother hen." Dean teased. He leaned down to place a gentle kiss to Castiel's head.
“Yo! Sammy! Earth to Samantha! Hey, Bitch!”
“Thank you, Ellen. We appreciate it all.” Sam told her, hoping to smooth over any offence his brother had caused.
But, Cass was too horny for that thought to occur to him in that moment. So instead he responded with, “Good. I don’t like topping. Unless its to ride your dick from above.” In a sexy, husky voice.
They heard a loud thump over head and Dean snorted. Cass had obviously fallen out of bed. He was prone to do that when woken up suddenly. By the time Cass appeared at his side few moments later Dean had already led the officer and Claire into the lounge room, out of the cold.
That whole label; Fighter, Scrapper, Animal. It came back to bite them in the ass every time.
“There’s a difference?”
Dean smirked at Cass as he turned back to face Dean. “That’s true?” The blue eyed Novak asked.
“I’ll be in the fucking car.” Dean ground out through his teeth as he stomped from the room, pushing past Jo and Gabe, but being careful not to knock into Castiel. To anyone else, it probably looked like he was trying not to get ‘Cas germs’ or something. But, in fact, the opposite was true; he was trying not to infect Cas with his germs.
