“Mr. Stark, I am
“I’m sure you were,” Natasha told him, rising smoothly. “Night, boys.”
Steve sprinted, counting the seconds before Bucky could get to his feet and pull out his gun. He punched in the override code to access the satellite chips and ripped it out as quickly as he could.
Bucky stopped.
“I’m not really getting that impression.” Steve grunted as he ducked another bullet and knocked another goon out with his shield. He hurled the shield at one more pirate and then paused for a moment as another came up behind him with a machine gun pointed at his torso. An arrow came out of nowhere and caught the man right through the throat.
But one thing that Tony had always been good at was analyzing facts, often at the expense of his emotional state. It was one of the reasons he was so good at building things and so bad at dealing with them.
(Tony didn’t have a counter-argument for himself).
” Stark exclaimed, false bravado dripping from his voice. “And then
“I’m so sorry,” Steve rushed, because he had completely misread the signs, and—
“I see you guys,” Bruce said unsteadily on the jet. “Clint’s fine, are you guys okay?”
“That came out of nowhere,” he commented to himself as Rhodey burst into the cabin.
Thor seemed to shake off the stupor that the name Thanos had put him into, and some of that righteous anger returned. “The Tesseract belongs on Asgard—” He began, but Stark cut him off.
are you thinking of?” he hissed furiously.
“Be careful, Tony,” Steve said, grunting as he presumably hurled his shield at something. “Who knows what they’ve been doing with the Mind Stone.”
Tony bowed his head to his chest, his shoulders aching, his eyes burning, and tried not to look at Maya Hansen’s corpse lying a few feet away.
The Avengers settled back into a routine, one that had been interrupted by HYDRA and Killian and then HYDRA again. Bruce settled back into his own skin, but Thor looked like he wanted to twist out of his more and more every day.
She bared her teeth, molten white, in a mockery of a smile. Tony left her dangling from the electrical lines on the street.
“It appears to be a Bifrost signature,” JARVIS reported. “An Einstein-Rosen bridge. However, the readings are slightly different than the ones that we recorded Thor using.”
As all good things—or bad things, in Tony’s opinion—begin, this adventure started with an evil asshole who decided to kill half the universe and then inconveniently
was on the tip of Tony’s tongue, but for some reason, what came out was a small, “Yeah.”
As it turned out, Wanda’s mind powers extended to brain damage and mental triggers put in place by evil Russian scientists. Both of the Maximoffs had settled very nicely into the superhero life after a year of living with the Avengers, and three months of fighting with them. They had lost the starved animal look and gained a new confidence in the way they stepped, in the set of their shoulders. Wanda still dressed in black and red, Pietro in blue and white, and they were opposite sides of a coin, and Tony feared the day when one of them lost the other.
“You have me,” Steve heard Rogers whisper, and Stark let out a strangled sob.
(his arms had been shaking, and his voice trembled, and he must have known that it should have been him, he didn’t deserve a shadow, he should be in hell)
“Guess they finally got all their shit out in the open,” Natasha said, leaning back in her chair at the dining table. “You guys saw Stark’s face these past few days, right?”
Tony had to take a moment to retrace the steps that the conversation had taken and backtrack. “No,, my tongue slipped. Do you like Bucky, or..?”
“So I can kick him off it. I always hated that guy.”
“One time,” he said, planting a hand on Steve’s shoulder and nudging him into the room. If Steve truly didn’t want to go, he wouldn’t have budged, but he allowed himself to be pushed inside. “That was one time. I’ll see you soon.”
He didn’t say anything.
“Go for the speedster first,” Steve hissed to Thor. “If you can catch him off-guard and fry him, we can deal with the woman.”
Tony stuck his earpiece connected to JARVIS as the ship rattled with the force of the explosion. “JARVIS, talk to me. What were you saying about Steve?”
A few minutes and close calls later, they were outside the door of communications.
“I am so, so sorry, but that wasn’t me,” Tony said helplessly, because that was all he could say, what else could he say? “I know what it looks like, but my CFO was selling weapons behind my back for years before I found out. He tried to have me killed, and I cleaned up the program after.”
“Certainly,” JARVIS said, and free of prompting, the computer Tony was using pulled up a satellite map. “Scanning.”
“Saw him last night,” Tony said dismissively. “He told me my windows don’t lock. I was on the eighty-first floor, he was just being a smartass.”
But he didn’t. Instead, he stood in the shadowed doorway and listened.
“Okay,” Tony breathed out, clenching his fingers forcefully around his upper arms to still their shaking. “Okay. The Mark 42?”
No one spoke up. Bruce’s hands were tangled in the hem of his shirt again.
The Scepter was resting on a lab table behind them. Steve felt a pang of satisfaction—
Wordlessly, still listening to JARVIS, he opened his arms to her. She walked into his embrace, shaking, and she rested her chin against his shoulder—she was taller than him.
“Tony!” Steve exclaimed, as though he hadn’t been the one to distract Tony.
Steve yelled, but he was similarly pinned as Maximoff curled a finger and dragged Tony to the center of the room.
“Planning to destroy the universe?” Stark interrupted. “Or half of it, I guess. I didn’t know you knew who he was.”
things would go his way. He had so much to do: he had to stop Killian’s plot to take over the modern world, had to save Pepper, had to tear HYDRA out from SHIELD, had to make sure Steve was okay,
“Told you!” Tony said, and then he opened his palm and blasted him through the head.
“That’s definitely Stark,” Natasha announced dryly. The real Tony made an indignant sound.
Steve smiled at Tony, albeit a little sadly. “Look, I don’t know what happened between our future selves. I don’t think I want to. But I think…” Steve rose to his feet. Tony felt a crushing pang of rejection before Steve said, “I think I’d like to be friends anyway.”
“What?”
The look on Thanos’s face when a blast from the Space Stone became intermingled with green and yellow wisps—the Time and Mind Stones—was more of an indication of the error than the appearance of the energy. He obviously hadn’t meant to do such a thing, but before Tony could react, his vision went white.
Fury glanced at Natasha and said, “I’ve got a different job for you. Don’t worry, you’ll like it.”
“Tony?” Steve asked desperately. The phone groaned as he clutched it so hard he feared it would snap. “Tony, answer me.”
“Me too,” he said, leaning into Steve. “I was just getting the Tower all fixed up. I mean, we were all in Malibu for a while before the HYDRA thing, and now, it’s obviously, well…” he spread his hands to showcase the obviously-repaired Tower.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I get that,” he said instead of arguing. “I wouldn’t want to be the one to doom the entire universe.”
“Fine,” Steve said, his voice a little strained. “I’m fine.”
Barnes frowned. “I’m not the Winter Soldier, I don’t think.”
...and all his thoughts flew out the window. All he could think of was the discord in SHIELD as entire cohorts of HYDRA were eliminated, the confusion, as new hires from the FBI, the CIA, the DoD, all came flooding in.
strangled, thank you very much, U and Butterfingers still swiveled to stare at him for a moment. “DUM-E. Hi, DUM-E.” The bot half-swiveled to face Tony, momentarily forgetting his game. The dunce cap had become lopsided sometime during the past few hours. “How did you get that cap on your head? You earned it.”
“Which one?” Steve asked. “Maybe we could—”
“Yes, sir.
Tony spun around his chair and noticed that Steve was sitting down now, bowed over on the table, smoothie in one hand, his head in the other. “Hey, did I already break you? Or did you drink out of that smoothie, because I’m ninety percent sure that DUM-E put more motor oil in that than actual smoothie ingredients—”
Tony shot up in his seat, feeling the familiar symptoms of an attack bubble up in his chest.
“What’s going on? Did Thor kiss me and now he’s running away? Point Break, I swear—”
“We can use Sitwell’s biometrics to get access to the helicarriers,” Steve said, meeting her eye in the rearview mirror. “We can shut them down from there. If they lose access to the satellites—”
Tony suddenly went bolt upright. “The Scepter, it’s—”
Tony was right. They had not been able to break through their enclosure, but he hadn’t anticipated that she could stretch her magic right through the glass. Her efforts were clearly taking a toll on her, though. Her brother was half-supporting her as they crouched in the corner, glaring at them through eyes hidden by white-stained hair. The edges of her hairline were sticky with sweat, her eyeliner running to create smudges under her eyes. But both of her hands were outstretched, curling around scarlet mist that pressed Tony firmly against the wall.
me. And I told him that it was going to be okay right before he
“You sound like an alien,” Stark complained. “What’s next,
A beat of silence. Two. Then—
Steve didn’t say anything for a long while. Tony’s stomach twisted into a knot and he shrugged, kicking at a stray rock lying on the sidewalk. “Or not, I mean, I don’t want to be pushy—”
“There was a missile strike ordered against them at Camp Lehigh, New Jersey. However, there are no confirmed casualties. They are okay, sir.”
“It still has one more push left in it,” He finished. “But we need to go within the next few minutes before Bruce pulls me back himself. And… I don’t know how much you’ve told them, but Bruce told me that this timeline has already branched into another reality. Our timeline is unchanged.”
“And I also have a fully-functioning AI defending the whole building, so I daresay that you were
“Sir,” JARVIS said suddenly. “I’m sorry to interrupt, but I’ve compiled a list of likely locations for the Scepter have been moved to. I’ve also discovered evidence of tampering with the tracker as long ago as three weeks after the invasion.”
“Well, he comes back, hellbent on
“Yeah, can’t have that on the loose,” Natasha said, sipping daintily at her orange juice.
Killian slammed brutally into his back, turning the metal along Tony’s spine molten hot. He yelped, the repulsors cutting out, and he dropped like a stone. “Eject!” he managed, and the suit split itself open and let him fall just as Killian plunged a glowing fist straight through the arc reactor slot of the armor.
“Two minutes, Cap,” Hill said in his ear worriedly. “Alpha and bravo are locked. Also, there’s… something else.”
“Getting there,” Steve said, because Tony’s face was still pale and waxy, his hand trembling in Steve’s, and Thor’s shoulders had curved in in an effort to make himself smaller.
The lights were bending now, pulled to near darkness and then full brightness with the strength of Thor’s influence. “What are you concerned with?”
Sam stared at the ceiling, alarmed. “The hell is that?"
Steve, despite himself, felt a pang of irritation. Rogers, from what he’d overheard in the kitchen, wanted to tell them something vital to their future. And Stark, from both his words and his tone, was clearly vehemently against that. Obviously, Rogers had deferred to Stark.
“Secure the engine room,
crisis, leave me alone!”
“What do you think about all this?” Tony said into Steve’s stomach. “The Scepter, and HYDRA, and, you know, Bucky.”
“Uh, thanks?”
The elevator doors began to rumble open, but a blast of glowing red energy ripped them apart, warping the metal beyond repair, and Steve shoved Tony into the side of the elevator to prevent him from being decapitated by it.
“Oh, no,” Tony said, squeezing Pepper’s shoulders once before letting go. “Shit. JARVIS, gimme a suit right now. Right now!”
The Chitauri leviathan leered down at him, all wicked teeth and gleaming metal, and Tony thought of distant burned-out stars, gleaming fortresses and the face of death looming, smiling, over New York. Tony took a stuttering breath, half-expecting it to lurch toward him and swallow him whole.
The repulsors on the beat-up suit that Tony was wearing (why was it half-destroyed, what had Tony been doing) sputtered a few times as they landed on one of the helicarriers that didn’t seem to have anyone on it.
“Dread it, run from it…” Thor muttered absently. “Destiny arrives all the same.” He looked up at Tony, and his eyes were wide as moons. Tony felt like something ice-cold had crawled into his chest and died there, for surely the sickening feeling of rot and frost couldn’t be normal. “You must prepare.”
“Agent Barton, do you think SHIELD has even a
Steve mounted his motorbike, and Tony stepped into the armor. “Catch you on the other side,” Steve told him, and Tony gasped.
Seeming to sensing his reminiscence, Wanda leveled red-tinted eyes at him. “If you refuse, I could just kill you.”
was the Allspeak in action. “things that I have not seen before. The future.”
When Tony screamed, Steve nearly dropped his shield and tripped over a dead body in the main chamber. “
“If they’re shooting at you, they’re bad!” he shot back before throwing himself over a ledge on the platform into a gang of HYDRA agents. The bullets flying past his ears echoed themselves in the comms in his ear.
“Yeah,” Steve said in answer to Natasha’s question. “Yeah, I’m good.”
“I’ll take you to Father,” Loki said, which was… a pleasant change. Thor had expected to argue and threaten and plead until Loki gave in from annoyance rather than any convincing on Thor’s part. Maybe times
Thor stared at him. “I’m sorry, who are you?”
The skylight shattered, and a metal arm yanked Sitwell out of the car right into the path of heavy traffic.
Then the Gauntlet was pointed at Steve’s prone form, and Tony’s mind flew from his helmet and went right to Steve. He had just gotten his arms around him (to get him to safety, to
“Rhodey, please tell me that was you in the suit,” Tony pleaded, just hoping that once, just
“I’m the best,” Tony announced as the HUD lit up. He licked away the blood on his lip and decided that he wouldn’t gloat too badly.
was his second.
The pounding on the doors hadn’t let up yet, but Steve could hear the hinges weakening. “Clint, evac?” he managed, though his comm was spritzing with static.
Stark’s face broke and he pressed his hands over his face for a moment before composing himself and throwing his arms around the god. Thor grunted, but wrapped his right arm around Stark’s shoulders and smiled.
The helicarrier lurched suddenly, and Steve’s balance shifted, rolling to the side. Belatedly, he remembered the hole that Bucky had punched through the bay doors.
“I’m in,” he said to the empty air. “No sign of Strucker.”
“And it was on Asgard for more than a thousand,” Thor interrupted, a storm edging his voice. “Do not presume to think that sixty years is a long time, human. I was alive when your ancestors had not been born.”
“I can’t take this anymore,” Tony announced. “If anyone has any other Earth-shattering secrets, they need to tell me now or I’m quitting.”
“Shit-talking me, Rogers?”
“No,” Killian countered. “I’m a visionary.
Steve was surprised that one mention of this Thanos had shaken Thor like this. He’d only known the god for a day or two, but he seemed supremely unbothered by anything thrown his way. He’d smiled when he was fighting the Hulk, who even Steve was wary of. To see him so pale…
Trevor stared blankly at Tony, justifiably, as Rhodey currently wasn’t doing anything except levelling a disgusted stare at everything in the room, but then he pressed the still-hot muzzle of his gun against Trevor’s ear, and the junkie immediately began spewing out apologies.
“Probably a little fast. Slow it down. Slow it down just a…” he made a
Tony started. “Uh, how’d you… oh, never mind. Yeah.”
“What?” Tony asked, and briefly wondered if he’d accidentally tuned out half of the conversation again.
Steve smiled, although he looked vaguely alarmed by the
“So far, none have been successful.” Tony cursed viciously, letting the foul language spill out his throat and curdle as they left his lips. The time was running out, he
There were layers of intertwined metal underneath the plating; a hollow mesh to help keep the armor’s integrity, presumably. Steve could glimpse glowing circuits and damaged wires, and it occurred to him that Tony had built this suit from scratch. “Loki’s lying in a crater that Hulk made for him. I don’t think he’s up for anything right now. I can tell you anything about yourself, but I get the feeling that you don’t want me spilling your secrets to everyone on the team.”
Steve looked like he wanted to argue, but instead, he smiled
“What do you mean,
Thor couldn’t explain it, but he felt the jagged edges that all the death and mistrust had cut into their relationship begin to smooth over.
Killian, groaning, absolutely coal-black with burns and smoldering with rage, stumbled to his feet amidst the fire.
“It makes your butt look good,” Clint offered, and both of them stopped to stare for a moment. “What?”
“No, you know what, that’s
“Let him go!” Maya Hansen insisted from behind Killian, her voice tremulous.
Tony eased himself to sit on a stool that wasn’t covered in parts, and gestured for Barnes to do the same. “What for?”
“Because he’s kept something big from us,” Thor snapped in response to Loki’s question. “And I don’t know what it is, and we won’t know until I find him.”
“Dating was great. You were a good boyfriend for a while, there. It was a good run. But you—you’re too caught up in your own problems to handle anyone else’s.”
His face didn’t seem like it had changed much. It was still disorienting and pretty disturbing to be seeing his double standing in front of him, but he managed to look past the dizziness. There were deeper lines carved into his forehead and mouth, although his smile lines hadn’t deepened very much. His hair was combed back from his head in what seemed to Steve like a more modern hairstyle, although he couldn’t be sure of anything. The armor, like Steve’s own, was dirtied, burned, like his alternate had just been through a battle.
“It wasn’t,” Tony said easily.
Clint pouted, and Steve poked Tony in the side. “Don’t be mean,” he chided.
“—Coolant, even better. Steve?”
“SHIELD still has custody of Sitwell,” Steve recalled, not questioning their certainty. “Most of HYDRA is eradicated by now, it’s just Pierce running things… you think Maria can smuggle him out?”
“I have to go,” Thor found himself saying, standing on unsteady legs. He was still wearing his combat armor, but that was fine for Asgard. It wasn’t like anyone there would care: his mother might have, once upon a time, but those times were long gone,
Creep #5 smashed the watch under his foot, and Tony sighed. “And
Steve froze. He knew that both Natasha and Clint were still wary of them, but they were spies; it was practically in their nature to be suspicious. But if they were arguing about keeping secrets…
The dickbag who had put Happy into a coma saluted Tony with his coffee cup before he tossed the contents aside.
Killian paused, his orange gaze more annoyed than frightened. “Hold on, hold on. Maya…”
Tony’s voice said brightly over the speakerphone. “
“I don’t…” Steve trailed off, shifting around in his seat.
(Once, on the first day, Steve had picked up a phone call half-asleep and mumbled, “It’s me.” Without hesitating, Clint, hyped up on coffee, had completed with far too much enthusiasm with, “Mario!”)
“Thor, calm down,” Natasha was saying, showing her empty hands. “Whatever you saw, it wasn’t real, it wasn’t.”
“I’m happy for you, Tony,” she said, unprompted. “You’ve come far.”
True to Natasha’s word, the two young adults stayed passed out until well after they arrived to base. Sam gave Steve a dubious look after Helen Cho’s crew wheeled Clint off the jet, speaking in rapid-fire Korean and accompanied by Natasha. He and Thor dragged them off again, put them in the holding cells that had been previously used for Loki.
right there—
“Well, you have to tell me where you’ve sent Father,” Thor said easily. “And then I’ll consider letting you
“What?”
“Tony and I will enter from the north,” Steve continued, manipulating the map to demonstrate where. Tony felt a pang of pride at his lover, freshly thrown into a new century and adapting easily: a fish to water. He smiled to himself, but Thor caught it and winked. “Thor, you’ll take Nat down to the south and wait for my signal. Clint, stay in the jet with Bruce until we can determine whether or not we have a code green. If we do, hop out and cover him. If not, aerial support. Any questions?”
And this—Tony
yeah, I am aware that it is July and it's been almost 6 months since I last updated. my sincere apologies. my mental health took a downturn in quarantine and i lost my ability to write for the entire months of april and most of may. despite that, i am sorry that it took so long for this chapter to come out. thank you SO MUCH to EVERYONE who left comments during this time, because you all are so kind and supportive and they almost made me cry. <3
They reached the entryway, pressing themselves to either side. “Coming in hot,” Natasha hissed over the line. “Thirty seconds.”
When they got up to Fury’s office, it became extremely clear why.
“Uh,” Tony said. “Sure. Um. The Sceper’s missing.”
was his version of good, but nonetheless, the Hulk was a huge help. He ripped antiaircraft missiles from the sky before they hit Thor and Tony, destroyed entire phalanxes before they reached Clint and Natasha, and picked up tanks and threw them at Steve’s pursuers like toys.
“This is the Mandarin?” Rhodey demanded incredulously, looking back at Tony.
The team had molded to fit them, too, just like the rest of the new Avengers. Wanda had become quite attached to Steve and Natasha, whilst Pietro had taken a shine to Clint. Both of them were still a little uncomfortable around Tony, which he didn’t blame them for, so he was happy for them regardless.
“Peachy,” Tony managed, trying to ignore the rising panic in his throat as he thought about the aliens that he had seen in the portal, trying to articulate them with the one that had (or would) destroy half of the universe and take everything from him.
The faceplate knocked into the back of Steve’s head, sending him stumbling to the floor, before it slammed into Tony’s face.
We have moved beyond the prototype… superior in some ways, of course, but there is freedom in a lack of liability.”
Thor opened his mouth to argue, but over the comms, Stark’s voice came through faintly. “Steve, what about—Vision won’t—of—” Tony wasn’t sure what that had to do with any sort of eyesight, but Rogers sighed heavily. “Thor, let them take it. Just make sure Fury knows about it.”
“Leave us,” Thor called, and his tone brooked no argument. Without waiting for a word from the king, the petitioners and the advisers scuttled outside.
The god dipped his head in acquiescence, but Tony waved the offer away. “I’ll clean up and head up in a few minutes. Night.”
He offered Loki a small, genuine smile. “Yes, it kind of does.”
“I am proven to be quite effective when it comes to forcing Mr. Stark to leave the lab,” JARVIS answered affably. “This includes occasionally activating sprinklers at the slightest sign of smoke, just to ensure his safety.”
“You okay?”
“Why?”
He found the Iron Man suit in pieces, sparks flying everywhere from its torn joints, and an obvious gap in the wall. “Thor,” he said softly, pressing his body to the wall and peeking around the corner. “What’s your status?”
The darkness eased, just a little. Loki reached for Thor’s hand, and Thor took it.
Steve stared at the phone for one long moment, CALL FAILED blinking on the screen, then he numbly returned his attention to the TV.
Clint’s fingers twitched at his bow, and he seemed to be restraining himself from finding high ground. Natasha pressed a hand to Steve’s shoulder, her steady eyes framed by the straight waves of her hair. “You up for this?”
Tony ran through possible solutions: there was no way he could disassemble the suit and get it to carry everyone, no way he could make several trips in the time that they had…
Thor grasped both of their arms and the Bifrost erupted, carrying Stark’s words away.
“Isn’t possible,” Tony finished. It was a shame, really. The Scepter had readings like a highly-developed artificial intelligence and they were using it to try and figure out time travel. “Unless I can get that last Stone that they were talking about—Time, or whatever—then I don’t know that I’ll be able to do it before SHIELD takes it.”
“But I do own a maniac. And he takes the stage tonight.”
Both of their lips curled in sync, and it struck Tony for the first time that no, they did not look like hunters. They looked like wounded animals, lashing out at those who would help them because they could not tell the difference between friend and foe.
“Unfortunately, I’m not,” Fury said, muting it. “How long have you been away from Stark, again?”
“What’s questionable about electricity?” he burst out, his breathing stuttering for the nth time. “Oh, God, not again.”
He shot forwards, pushing the repulsors as hard as they could, and grabbed one of the flight attendants, a screaming woman, in a crushing embrace, jetting further down towards the rest of the unwilling skydivers.
“SHIELD’s compromised. By HYDRA. Most of it’s corrupt—Rumlow, Pierce, Stern. You can trust Clint, Nat, Fury, and Maria—Hill, that is—and I’m pretty sure that’s it. You gotta—you can’t do anything drastic, alright, Rogers? You gotta trust me.”
“You really decided to take a swan-dive when you realized I was here?” a teasing voice asked in his ear, and yes, he must be hallucinating, because—
Mjolnir was resting on the ground beside him, forgotten.
Zola tittered, the speakers echoing his amusement in a hissing, staticy parody of a laugh. “You are slipping, my dear Natalia,” he said, and Natasha clenched her fists like she was considering putting a hole in the screen. “Hydra has evolved. Project Insight was pushed
“They will not be so easily persuaded to give it up,” Thor interrupted, putting up a hand. “Protecting Time has been their mandate for thousands of years now. I believe we would have better luck moving the Scepter elsewhere, but I get the feeling you may need it yet.”
this. They had their awkward, bumbling moments, or their arguments, but it was all worth it. Steve was just…
Thor looked personally affronted by the very suggestion, but Stark sounded sure. Steve wasn’t even sure what the Mind Stone was.
Steve gaped at her. Natasha breathed out a laugh.
when the blast came.
“He was quite upset when Captain Rogers stole the blender from the workshop,” JARVIS reported. “I suspect you might be paying for that in the weeks to come, sir.”
Stark emphasized firmly. “Thanos collected all of the Infinity Stones and snapped half the universe into oblivion—hey, should I be telling them this? Am I destroying our universe and the space-time continuum?”
“There will be SHIELD personnel everywhere,” Steve disagreed, immediately dismissing the idea. “Plus, that kind of collateral… three helicarriers in the Potomac would be hell to clean up.”
For Tony’s whole life, Captain America had been an idol that his father had dangled over his head. Something that he could jump and jump and try to reach, but could never quite grasp.
Loki inhaled sharply, and his green eyes looked like they were full of broken glass. For a fraction of a second, Thor thought he saw tears shimmering in their depths, but they were gone before he could even blink.
Pilfered oranges and back-alley fights rang in Steve’s head. His throat was numb with the screams that he was swallowing. His eyes stayed dry.
When Tony crash-landed in the middle of nowhere, Tennessee, he left two voicemails. The first was to Pepper, confirming that he was alive and apologizing for putting her in harm’s way.
Steve had a terrible moment when he wanted to know exactly what would happen in the future. Whether anything would actually work out for him. He wanted to grab his alternate by the shoulders and shake him and shake him until Steve knew everything.
Steve placed a hand over his, as though sensing his mood change, and whispered, “We’ll figure it out.
thank you everyone so so much for your support <3
“He’s not hallucinating,” Natasha chided, entering with a smoothie in each hand. “Laura is lovely, and his kids are pretty cute.”
The other Stark’s faceplate was still down, but if everything that Steve has seen hadn’t confirmed what the alternate Stark has said about time travel, this did it.
“Right,” Fury said, his voice dripping with sarcasm.
“Thor, wait!” Steve found himself shouting at the demigod already shooting towards the two that had come out of the portal. “That looks like—”
The guards inside tried to shoot him, which—seriously, did they have no other ideas? He took them out with strategically-placed drones, moved into the next room, blasted some guy typing frantically at one of the monitors, and stepped out of the suit.
“Tony—!” Steve started, but there was an enormous explosion on the other line just as the house was struck by the round of missiles on the television.
Maria sighed harshly. “This isn’t on the books at all. When security isn’t taken down, there are five secret doors and thirteen firewalls keeping this information behind locked doors. Fury knew something was up, he just didn’t know how big it was.” She sounded angry that she hadn’t noticed, either.
Rhodey knocked on the faceplate of the suit, looking worried (terrified), and Tony wasn’t even sure what he said to his best friend before the suit shot away. Shit. He’d apologize later.
He spoke smugly of subterfuge and illness, of a terror group so cleverly hidden by an American intelligence organization. SHIELD had been infected the whole time, blah, blah, blah.
without further ado.... here it is!! :)  [with a surprise character at the end!]
Tony frowned. “How would you hear about any—you know what, I’m not even gonna argue.”
“I’ll be damned,” he said wryly, reveling for a moment in Killian’s perplexed moue. “The prodigal son returns.”
She turned her head to look, which was good, as his unwitting accomplice had just confirmed that she was coherent. “I’m gonna swing by, you’re just gonna grab him,” he continued as though it were the easiest thing in the world. “You got it?”
Tony sighed to himself as he waited, and looked to the far wall.
i solemmly promise that i will try my utmost to have another chapter up as timely as possible, and it will NOT be another six months. thank you everyone <3
“Unfortunately,” Tony grouched. “I didn’t realize that I look so bad without sleep.”
Rogers was almost the complete opposite. He still did a few optimistic things here and there: encouraging Tony, Stark, and Bruce to keep working when they got down; offering Steve a smile when he found himself in the gym, whaling on the punching bags so hard that he could barely breathe; not protesting when Natasha snatched a pastry from his hand and taking a big bite. On the surface, he was just a little more closed-off, a little colder.
They all hastily rose from their seats, raising their hands high in the air. This would have been the perfect time for a snarky Tony Stark joke, but instead, Steve just paced forward, his mouth a hard line.
as she hopped over the rail and out of sight.
ing sound, but didn’t try to escape. Instead, he brought his lips very close to Steve’s ear and whispered, “Don’t react.”
“I’m on my way to Loki now,” Natasha reported, and Clint grunted over comms, saying something about broken glass and
he called frantically, hoping (praying) for a response. He didn’t get one.
“I’m calling him,” declared Steve, pulling out his phone from a side pocket. “If he’s still in his house, I’m going to—”
Bad brain. Stop thinking about Steve.
“Right,” Tony managed, and then Killian was back on him.
Stark threw his hands up helplessly, as though he didn’t know what to do with them. “And I lost—I lost—I—the kid… I lost the kid—I lost my kid.”
“He sounds like a Disney mascot,” Tony complained. “One of those stupid rides at Disney World.”
“You okay?” Steve asked. Clint made an abortive attempt to nod before turning an unhealthy shade of white.
“Yes!” Tony insisted, and Steve groaned next to him. “He was like ‘take off your helmet’ and I swear to God, I thought he was going to punch me!”
“You think I don’t have extra suits in hidden places?” Steve ducked as a camera swiveled suddenly to face him, grateful for the muted colors of his stealth suit. “Besides, the red, white, and blue is a little much for this situation.”
“Okay,” Tony said, bowing his head. “Okay, okay! Just do it.”
He knew, obviously, that it was possible that he and Steve could be an item. Their future selves had dated each other, broken up, and then gotten back together. It was obviously feasible, but future Thor had warned that their timeline had already branched off into an alternate universe. While it was good that the space-time continuum hadn’t been destroyed, it also meant that there was no guarantee that they would get together at all.
“Your windows don’t lock.”
“Got incoming, Cap,” Clint warned, but Steve ignored him. He carefully shifted his shield to expose part of his side, and jerked it back once he heard the rapid
If the good or the bad thing started with a mistake, it ended with Thor.
Sam pointed at her like
Thor nodded his acknowledgement, and static began condensing the air.
Steve shifted on his feet and realized that he didn’t actually have a reason to be in there. He fumbled for words for a moment before settling on: “I was wondering if you were busy.” That was a lie, but he did want to have a conversation with his future self at some point. “I think we’re the only non-geniuses in the Tower right now.”
Trevor’s information turned out to have practically nothing useful in it, as it was interspersed with cheers for some inane soccer team that Tony had never bothered to pay attention to. Something about a big boat and the coast.
He hid himself away in the workshop, in his suits, until Happy called him with some vague concern about a meeting that Pepper was having with someone named Aldrich Killian. Tony wasn’t sure why he was supposed to be worried about someone with the name
“Sorry about that, boys,” She said, and something about her voice seemed genuinely pained. “I hate those sons-of-bitches.”
Maximoff whispered in the near-silence. Her face was pale as the moon, and she raised trembling fingers and released his teammates.
This didn’t exactly provoke the reaction Steve was going for; Rogers, instead of laughing at Steve’s (admittedly terrible) joke, he just sighed. “Not so great,” He admitted, and his fingers clenched around the sketchbook. “But Tony—uh, Stark—is very insistent that I don’t create a time paradox by telling you about it.”
They seemed only caught up in screaming, so he figured he’d fill the silence with his own meaningless chatter. “Remember that game called Barrel of Monkeys?” he asked rhetorically. “That’s what we’re gonna do."
Behind them, Thor shoved Natasha off him and cried out, “No!” His eyes were glowing blue, plasma wrapping up his arms like demented chains, and for a terrifying moment Steve thought he would explode.
It had to be ironic that they fell through the same one.
“Hey—!” Tony began, then turned to blink at Steve. “I told you already!”
“Huh.” Tony scooched himself over to the nearest monitor and tapped it awake. “Where’d Fury stick that thing, anyway? He put that tracker on it because of the whole HYDRA thing, can you access that?”
“They were delayed after the… electrical incident with the generators and Mr. Odinson,” JARVIS reported, an ounce of hesitation in his voice to presumably emphasize the absurdity of that fiasco. “They will be finishing tomorrow.”
Steve sighed, leaning against the doorframe. “All right. Have fun
“Sir,” JARVIS said quietly, startling Tony despite the AI’s best efforts. “I finished the simulations you requested.”
Steve reached out, seized Tony by the collar of the suit, and kissed him.
“Sure,” Bruce said. “One minute.”
Tony clambered to his feet suddenly, and Bucky jumped a little. “Come on! You’ve got some modern technology to enjoy. Like punching bags that don’t break after three hits. You’ll love it, it’s like super soldier heaven.”
Steve made out the word
The atmosphere sobered even further. “
“I will perform to the best of my ability, sir.”
“What do I deserve?” Tony burst out, because the girl was in the illustration and this boy was not and he had to know what made him different. “Why do all this?”
Low blow. It wasn’t Tony’s fault that he didn’t have an enhanced body that healed shit in like three hours. He told Steve as much, and he huffed with laughter. “Sorry.”
“We’ve been discovering the Stones faster than they ever did,” Tony interrupted. “Reality, Space, and Mind… it’s 2013, but Stark told me they didn’t find the Scepter until 2015. That’s probably why our Wonder Twins are so inexperienced, they didn’t have time to train.”
we’ll deal with these two.” He waved the cuffs in the air.
“You decided to jump in the way,” Rogers grumbled.
Loki still hadn’t abandoned their father’s visage. It was taking a significant effort to avoid lashing out at his late brother.
“The tracker that Fury put on it got deactivated, probably somewhere between my death and Fury’s. I think a rogue HYDRA cell stole it during the fall.” Tony sighed. “It’s not ideal.”
Tony yelled out, breath too fast too fast too fast. His sheets were damp. Tony wasn’t sure why it was bothering him so much, but he felt the moisture stick to his skin and felt like he might vomit.
“The good news is,” Killian told Tony, apparently unaffected by what he had just done, “a high-level position has just been vacated.”
Steve glimpsed movement, and then there was a huge
“They were very subtle, sir,” JARVIS said. “And I’ve recently been preoccupied with other matters.”
Natasha spat out a curse. “That’s the
Steve shot to his feet and made for the door. Natasha was already holding it open, waiting for him.
“Why would I punch you?” Steve demanded, voice high with incredulity.
Rogers had clearly made some sort of expression, because Stark muttered, “This is fucking typical. Typical, Rogers.”
Natasha and Clint exchanged a look. “That won’t be a problem.”
“And keep an eye out for Barnes info, people!” Tony called, rubbing his hands together. “Sam can’t do it all.”
each other.
“Oookay,” Tony said, snatching the injector back up. “J, where was I?”
“Don’t,” he ordered, clenching his fingers together to quell their trembling. “I’m going up there anyway. I’m gonna sleep on this. Just—keep looking.”
Stark put both hands over his face, and Rogers rolled his eyes so hard that Steve was almost afraid he’d lose them somewhere back there. “This
Earlier, he’d managed to locate a battery with wires that were compatible with the Mark 42 and its picky charging methods, and now he carried it with him, reminding him of desperately holding a car battery above water as they forced his head down—
“—They both look hurt,” Thor noted at the same time. “They aren’t attacking me. The suit… whoever is inside is waving at me. Should I…”
Tony cringed away from that mental image. “Look, Barnes. I—
Harley’s words rang in his ears: there were six victims, but only five marks. The sixth hadn’t gotten a shadow, because he had gone to hell.
cool nonetheless. The deep-space capabilities, the navigation tech, the respirators, just…
Tony clicked his teeth together a few times, then said, “Say, JARVIS, is it
Tony upset his chair so badly that it tipped onto the floor with a bang that startled him further. “You—what?
money, Clint. Don’t kid yourself.”
The helicopter plowed straight into the western edge of the building, and the house crumbled and collapsed into the Pacific.
That… wasn’t good. Was he losing time because of these now? He’d thought they had just been bleedover from what Wanda Maximoff had showed him a year ago, but if Loki was noticing that he was spacing out…
The orange pools flickered behind Thor’s eyelids again, and he growled and opened them. For the life of him, he could not find Soul, and that bothered him more than he’d like to admit.
He waved it away easily, one glowing hand moving airily in a way that was far too dismissive of such a catastrophic turn of events. He grabbed the arm of the 42 and jerked it away from his body. “Try the jet stream,” he taunted. “Speaking of which, go fish!”
“That’s mean,” Steve chided, but Tony waved it away, focusing on U instead.
he began, but Clint suddenly stiffened beside him.
Tony would have been more embarrassed at the way that his voice squawked if Clint had said
“Hey, douchebag, shut up, we
“So, we’ve got a problem,” Tony said the next morning, plopping down on the couch. “Anyone wanna guess?”
Tony made sure that JARVIS recorded Steve’s face when they were summoned to the elevators and he watched Bucky step out. He had been heartbreakingly cautious, reaching out a hesitant hand forwards, but then, with a glance at Tony, Bucky grabbed Steve in a bone-crushing hug.
Tony walked Steve all the way to the room that they shared. They didn’t really speak, but then again, they rarely had to: instead, they strolled in companionable silence, waiting for the sounds of Clint’s complaining to fade from earshot. They reached their apartment, but Tony stopped in the doorway.
“He’s a little… arrogant,” Steve hedged, although he didn’t really mean it. Rogers snorted.
“Are you close, Widow?” Hill chimed in, not commenting on the assassin duo’s banter.
Steve smiled at him, and it was warm, huge, and happy. Tony basked in that warmth for a moment before Steve said, “You’re going to bed.”
Natasha quirked an eyebrow. Maria had pulled out her phone, barking at whoever was on the other end to
“How?” Tony snapped breathlessly. “The propellers—”
As mentioned earlier, Steve “I’m Captain America so listen to me” Rogers issued a hell of a motivational speech to get their heart rates ratcheting up before their big battle. Tony just barely contained his bitterness and settled for pulling a face behind the Captain’s back.
match what you just said,” Tony informed him.
Harley asked him if he was having another attack, then defensively told Tony that he hadn’t even mentioned New York, which was helpful.
Even pixelated, Zola’s face still managed to display a proper amount of shock.
“AI,” Natasha said, then pointedly looked at Tony. “Although I didn’t realize that he did… all that.”
“She’s bleeding out!” Clint insisted desperately. “Come on, even though you’re HYDRA shitbags doesn’t mean you’re going to let the Black Widow bleed out, come
impressed by the versatility and design of his Tony Stark’s Iron Man armor. This other suit, though, seemed impossible. Where the old Iron Man suit was bulky or sharp-edged, this suit was curved and sleek. More of the design was gold instead of red—the arms and legs, mostly. It looked like the metal bent and flexed whenever Stark moved… the other Stark, that was.
“Thor,” Natasha called, but Steve caught sight of the legs of Tony’s flightsuit behind a table.
per se, but Tony, in an oddly detached way, could feel her picking through
“I require the Tesseract,” Thor said smoothly before Tony could open his mouth. “It belongs on Asgard, and besides, there is no other way for me to return to my home without it.”
“What now?"
Their fight was destructive, scrambling, and Tony almost brained himself on four different countertops. Dora the Explorer hissed about cheap tricks and cheesy one-liners, and Tony thought about how accurate that was. That was all he was, really; he blew things up in a flashy suit, said something clever, and pretended he was a hero.
The most startling detail was the blood painting half of Stark’s face red. A cut on his hairline had bled all the way down his neck and pooled at the shirt that poked out of the suit. He didn’t seem perturbed by the mess, and it struck Steve how much older Stark looked.
“And got electrocuted,” Clint put in helpfully.
Steve extended a hand, and Tony grasped it, and let Steve pull him to his feet.
He pulled away and stared blankly at Steve. “What?”
Why on Earth was Steve in his workshop? More importantly,
Thor’s jaw tightened. Steve’s alternate raised his hands placatingly. “Look, we don’t mean any harm—”
Steve decided to not read too much into it.
They’d known about Bucky, they’d known what he was capable of, and yet they’d still been caught horribly, terrifyingly, off-guard.
“Easy, Thor,” he said quietly. “I know.”
and five of the Avengers were gathered in the living room.
Rogers actually laughed at that. “In your dreams.”
Frankly, Tony had forgotten about the future Captain America’s insistence on honesty. He wondered where that had come from.
“I didn’t—” Rogers started again, but the flush had continued to creep up his neck.
Clint’s expression darkened. “They’ll be sending reconnaissance right now. Trying to confirm that we’re dead. We’ve gotta get out of here.”
After he gave up on Power and Soul, the dreams began.
“Do it now,” Steve said. “Get the carriers out of here before they figure out an override.”
“Sir, there’s—”
Was that modern lingo for—
Skurge raised his eyebrows. “Well, a few months ago, Odin charged Heimdall with treason, but he disappeared before the trial. Hard to catch a guy who can see everything.”
smile, the way he flicked through his holograms while verbally sparring with JARVIS, the way he lit up when talking about Iron Man.
“‘M fine,” Tony managed, convincingly. Steve, to Tony’s displeasure, didn’t look very convinced.
“832 miles,” Wannabe-Thor said proudly.
“I must have called it in my sleep,” Tony said, pulling excuses out of thin air. Steve smiled at him, and he kept
He remembered the times Bucky had walked off his shield like it was nothing, caught it with one hand, and Steve stayed his hand. He used bodily momentum to feint up towards Bucky’s face, then caught his legs with the shield and sent him careening off the catwalk.
“No, it wasn’t,” Rhodey said, and Tony wilted internally. Why could nothing ever be easy? “You got yours?”
Steve pulled the helmet off and studied his face for a moment. He wiped the trail of blood off Tony’s mouth with a thumb, and Tony’s heart rate stuttered for a moment.
he ordered JARVIS shrilly as she went farther. Not her. Please not her. She was his best friend, his driving force, his—
For one concerning moment, nothing happened. Then, with an unusual delay, the Bifrost swept down and carried him away.
The hydraulics hissed a complaint as Tony raised his arms, but he complied. There was blood running from a cut under his eye down to his chin, and there were a few other wounds and bruises covering his face that most certainly hadn’t been there before his house got blown up.
Simultaneously, Natasha and Clint recited, “Teammate in danger of lethal and possible fatal injury.”
The next morning, they left equally as early. There were half a dozen HYDRA bases in Eastern Europe to hit, plus two in Western, so they packed their belongings for the week and went to stay in Tony’s off-book home in rural France.
“The drawing,” Tony said. “She’s in it.”
Thor was pretty sure Skurge was still talking, but Thor whirled Mjolnir and set off towards the palace in the distance.
“The Stones,” Thor gasped out, and Tony went absolutely still under Steve’s hands. “He’s—they’re—collecting them.”
She moved elegantly, her fingers twining together to manipulate the flow of energy around her. She eyed Tony like a lion, a huntress, and for a moment, Tony felt like a tiny mouse.
Barnes thought for a long moment; then, if Tony wasn’t imagining it, he
She patted him on the back, and swaggered off to wherever she skulked during the day. Tony looked around the empty room, and said, “JARVIS, what just happened?”
“Ultron was my solution.” Stark shoved his hands forcefully in his pockets, as though that would hide their shaking. “And if I recall, it wasn’t just me. Bruce and Wanda Maximoff had a pretty significant hand in that. But that’s still not the point—nuh uh, Steve, do
kudos, comments, etc. make my day!!
The familiar pit opened in Steve’s stomach. He twisted his mouth in thought. “I know he can get better,” he settled on. “I was told so. And they’re definitely going to send him to defend the helicarriers to try and distract me. I’ll try my best to get him into custody, but…” he sighed heavily, and the words stuck in his throat as they came out. “I can’t let him override my judgement. If it comes to millions of innocents or him, there’s no contest.”
ready for Steve to sign.
“Close it,” He ordered resignedly. He could tell that Romanoff had somehow disabled the machine, because the portal began to shrink, collapsing in on itself.
He was expecting Tony to come back. He would.
There was a long, long silence. Tony took a deep, steadying breath. “And try not to let him lose you, yeah?”
“Get away from your stations,” Hawkeye ordered, his voice flinty. “Do it now.”
Happy was in the hospital, in a coma, Downton Abbey playing on the screen for
“Tony…”
Thor told them that he was leaving the day after. The six of them gathered together on the couches, watching him apprehensively. He had been looking unwell for days, like the weight of the world was resting on his shoulders and dragging him down. “I asked the young witch to return me to my dream,” he rumbled. “And I know what I saw. Thanos is moving.”
“No way,” Natasha laughed, leaning back into the couch, loose-limbed with alcohol and joy. “He just kissed you and passed out?”
Steve had been doing his best to ignore the white-hot pain and the black creeping into the edges of his vision. But Tony’s words brought it all back to the surface, and he grunted as his leg buckled.
buy some nice chocolate. Croatia: bust. Turkey: bust. Bust, bust—
Wanda spat, but her voice was more pained than angry. “All that time, he
Killian’s scream was muffled by the mask as it slammed over his face.
Tony hesitated for a moment, then offered a very small, “okay.”
Bucky was still flat on his back, but the distressed, wild-animal look he got in his eye wasn’t a good sign. “No, I don’t!” he screamed in protest, and grabbed for his gun.
“I know you remember, Bucky!” Steve yelled from the catwalk, not daring to get down yet. “I know you know you know me.”
“Steve,” Tony said, sitting up. “I swear to God, don’t worry about it. You’re not ditching anyone. You’re helping Natasha, and trust me, I would
“Like, seven,” Steve said, and Sam frowned.
“Stories,” Thor said. “Almost legends, now. He lived in the outreaches of the Nova system for ages before the Nova Prime forced him out. His past is a violent one—after Titan was destroyed, he began… I’m not sure how this will translate to your tongue. He… systematically, I believe you could call it, wiped out half the population of any planet he came across. There hasn’t been tell of him for… a few years, I believe.”
“More aliens,” said Sam.
They left early in the morning, despite Tony’s protesting back. South America was their starting point: first in Bolivia, then northern Venezuela. Zip. Nada. The only thing that Tony found was a slight malfunction in his wrist repulsors when he tried to fry mosquitos out of the air.
Steve didn’t know what the space-time continuum was, but he wasn’t feeling any adverse effects at the moment. Tony tried to shrug again, but the armor protested with a grating screech. “Too late now.”
Tony fired a missile at the looming building, and it rebounded off the force field like a rubber ball. “Shit!” he spat.
The crayon snapped in half, he broke the crayon
Steve didn’t seem to be getting it, but everyone else was. Now Clint was covering a laugh too, and Natasha didn’t bother hiding her mischievous grin.
Tony’s head moved a little when Steve exhaled. “I don’t know,” he admitted. “We do have to get the Scepter back, because they were so specific about it. And the thing with Barnes, my parents…”
“I don’t want you to feel like I’m ditching you—um, and the Avengers—for Bucky,” Steve got out in a rush. “It’s just…”
Bar the fact that the terror organization that Steve had basically given his life to destroy was
She lost her grip on the guy the first time, but they caught up again and she caught his arm. Tony blew out a long breath. “Easy, see?” he said. “Eleven more to go.”
The door closed with a soft
Rogers smiled a little, and God, it was still disconcerting to see his own face forming expressions that weren’t his own. “Fair enough,” He conceded.
Bucky stared at him with the eyes of a wounded animal. “I’m still sorry.”
“Didn’t
Tony stuck his other arm out and the other gauntlet shot out to close over Tony’s wrist. He felt a swell of victory and a slight urge to say
Thor pushed open the doors of the throne room like he was always meant to be there, and when Odin saw him, he laughed.
His grip was carefully gentle, but Tony smiled anyway, and shook it firmly. “C’mon,” he said. “Lots of stuff to do.”
Tony flicked his fingers in the pattern that he’d designed to turn on the pieces of the suit, and sure enough, the jets on the various fragments powered up. “Initialize sequence.”
“I bought this in my
“Small mercies,” said Steve dryly, and turned away. “What happened back there?”
“I will keep you updated, sir,” the AI agreed smoothly. “I am glad you are safe, sir.”
Pepper stared at him, her eyebrows furrowed into a mix of a grimace and a squint. “Tony, what’s going on?”
Rogers finally caught of Steve standing over his shoulder and jumped. He followed Steve’s gaze to the drawing in his lap and hastily flipped to a blank page. “Um, what can I do for you?”
Maria noticed Sam and looked at him blankly. “Who’s this guy?”
“You never look bad,” Steve said almost immediately, then blushed when Tony raised an eyebrow at him. Bruce muffled a laugh behind his hand, but ignored Tony’s glare.
“Cliché,” Clint commented from the other side of the table. Thor smacked him on the back of the head.
“It appears that SHIELD—or rather, HYDRA—has appropriated Ivan Vanko’s repulsor technology.”
“That portal, the one in New York?”
rifling through his thoughts, his
Pepper was one of his best friends. He loved her, and Rhodey, and—
“God, that thing was squeezing my brain,” she complained.
“No regard for me. What
“Fury is
“And that,” Tony said, flopping onto his back. “is why I give her the fun toys. Also, language, seriously, you’re supposed to be the embodiment of patriotism and chastity. What’s the other reason?”
“Steve.” Tony looked him straight in the eye as he pressed down the injector one more time. He hissed and picked up a tissue to dab away the blood on his arms. “Micro-repeater implanting sequence complete.”
He’d have to risk it. He bolted to his feet suddenly, hoping to get Bucky to jerk enough that his aim would be off. He was lucky on the first shot: the bullet collided with the metal paneling of the central control module. The second skimmed his ribs, but he was
“You might find him,” Tony concluded. “I mean, I’m not going to stop you. I’m moving out of here soon anyway. This area of the house is the only one not full of boxes. You can come back to the Tower once we’re all over and done, no hard feelings.”
Tony was absolutely certain that the spy twins had managed to finagle them into doing these meals to make them seem more relatable to the Maximoffs, and he understood why, even though he was pretty sure their normal team dynamics were enough. It did seem to help, though. Both of them gradually uncurled and sat up straighter, and then, ever-so-hesitantly, began engaging the others in conversation. Tony leaned into Steve’s side and laced their fingers together and just
“No,” Tony interrupted quickly, then amended himself. “Sorry, Steve, just… maybe another time.”
hard on you. If you don’t want to get involved…”
“Steve,” Tony said gently. “I will give you the same answer as all the other times you’ve said this. It
“Oh, buddy,” Tony said, patting him on the back. “You’ve still got a ways to go."
The archer was pinned under a cracked slab of concrete and bleeding heavily from a cut running from his hairline to his eyebrow. Steve wedged both of his hands underneath the stone and lifted hard. Clint managed to roll out and groaned, pressing a hand to his temple.
“Well what, sir?”
The TV in Fury’s office was on to the BBC. There was a reporter with a picture of Tony up on the screen, as well as a caption screaming TONY STARK THREATENS TERRORIST, GIVES HOME ADDRESS.
The backup arc reactor kicked in almost immediately—Tony was surprised that it had gone offline at all, stress or not—and bathed the room in dim blue light. It only accentuated the pained lines of Clint’s face, the dark bruises under Bruce’s eyes, the eerie expression that Thor had adopted.
“There are twelve HYDRA cells stationed all across South America, Eastern Europe, and northern Russia that have the potential to host the Scepter,” JARVIS recounted. “I would recommend that you move immediately to prevent HYDRA from moving the weapon to another location.”
Six of them connected with each other, and the suit jerked as another woman bashed into his back. “10,000 feet,” JARVIS reported.
They ended up having to argue with the Secretary of the World Security Council and a special elite SHIELD squad headed by Brock Rumlow (and Steve didn’t understand when he watched from around a corner as Rogers practically snarled at Rumlow to hand the Scepter over; Tony told him later that Stark had gone scarily intense when he encountered Pierce), but they managed to retain custody of the Tesseract and the Scepter for seven days before SHIELD would “have to take permanent custody of the highly dangerous alien artifacts.”
“I’m in the middle of nowhere in Tennessee, my suit’s broken, JARVIS is broken, I just had to take a poncho off of a wooden Indian, and I’ve been doing nothing but freaking out this whole trip. I’m in the middle of nowhere in Tennessee, I mean, really.”
“Sir, Alexander Pierce has taken control of SHIELD and has reactivated Project Insight,” JARVIS continued. “It appears that the helicarriers will be launched in approximately twelve hours.”
They were more similar than he had thought.
Bucky sprinted for his gun, his boots slipping on the glass in his haste. Steve crouched, ignoring the flaring pain in his thigh, but Bucky wasn’t aiming for him. He shot his gun at the glass once, twice, three times, four, until his clip ran out. The glass had fractured, but not broken entirely. He used his metal arm to punch desperately at the floor.
“They bombed our Sokovia,” the boy snapped. “You deserve—”
(Tony looked Steve dead in the eye, said, “I understood that reference,” and gracefully accepted the high-five from Stark.)
“Steve, I gotta say it up front… I dunno what I’m doing here. Oh, um, yeah, I’m alive. Sorry about the whole… phone call thing, I wasn’t really expecting it to go down like that. But really. I don’t—um. This is a mess.
Bucky began eyeing him less like he was going to blow his brains out and more like he was starting to realize that Tony was a maniac. Exactly the effect he was going for.
“I think it’s a good thing,” Steve reasoned. “I mean, if they really don’t get along in their world, it’s gotta help them to actually agree on something now.”
Tony. Government control like that is not any solution—”
Their tempers continued to fray. Thor was obviously only sticking around Earth due to Loki’s presence in the basement of the Tower, and Steve barely saw the god on his in-between visits to the city. Natasha and Clint vanished (day two of seven) after they were sure that Stark and Rogers weren’t any threat with only a short explanation to JARVIS—probably back to SHIELD, but it was still disconcerting for the Tower to be so empty. Bruce mostly stayed in the lab, working with Tony and Stark, so Steve was often left alone.
All you were concerned with was your good old B—brainwashed friend.
“Pop culture!” he yelled. “It’s been butchered!”
“Tony!” A voice insisted, and Tony shot awake just in time to see the Mark 42 come silently behind Steve, who was crouched in front of Tony, shaking his shoulder, and reach for him.
“You really didn’t deserve her, Tony,” Killian said with the air of someone who had been wronged, which was just plain ridiculous. “It’s a pity. I was so close to having her perfect.”
He shook his head rapidly, but when he stretched a palm out, a beam of light burned a hole in the concrete of the building opposite them. He smiled maniacally at Steve. “Ready for the ride of your life?”
“Less than twelve hours,” Steve muttered.
“Undoubtedly,” Natasha said wryly. “I’ll tell her to meet us on a rooftop.”
“Who fired it?” Steve demanded.
and Tony wasn’t sure
Fact one: the Winter Soldier had murdered his parents in cold blood. Strangled his mother, bashed Howard’s head against the steering wheel.
“It appears that SHIELD—or rather, HYDRA—has appropriated Ivan Vanko’s repulsor technology.”
Steve’s face finally cracked into a smile at that, and Tony took that as a win.
“Every scenario was catastrophic,” JARVIS said regrettably. “I’m sorry, sir. Ultron is a failure.”
On second thought… maybe Tony
“The Mandarin,” Natasha put in, putting a hand over her phone. “No other parties involved, as far as I’ve heard."
“What’s the mileage count between Tennessee and Miami?” he asked, because he knew JARVIS was coming.
“Yeah,” Tony said absently, because he was already absorbed in the scene in front of him. “Yeah, I got… something bigger.”
“I hope so,” Bruce muttered, mostly to himself. “I’m gonna get some rest. Thor, Tony?”
Once, the day after their arrival—day two of seven, Steve supposed—, late at night, Steve almost walked into the room in the middle of a hissed argument that the two were having in the kitchen. He halted in the doorway, and almost turned around, until he heard Stark demand, “You
“I’ll catch you!” he insisted,
“It’s cute,” he said, and everyone stared at him for a beat. “What?”
Tony set down the tool he’d been fiddling with. “And?”
“There is no sign of negative im–im–impact on surrounding buildings,” JARVIS reported, his voice jamming for a moment. “It appears that Wanda Maximoff is only determined to destabilize the Tower.”
when they got back to DC. Maria Hill sent a text to Natasha and told her to stay away, but they really had nowhere else to go. The only other place they could have gone was Avengers Tower, but with Tony’s ghost still lingering on the edges of Steve’s mind, he was remiss to even set foot inside.
Natasha pulled her shirt back on, the medic having finished his work, and looked Steve square in the face. “What about the Sol—Bucky?”
“Yeah, but I missed the President.” Tony turned around to look at Rhodey, who sighed and got to his feet.
Sam gunned the gas, but then Bucky’s metal arm (God, he lost an
Natasha slung a two-finger salute his way and ducked into the cockpit. Steve took Tony’s hand and squeezed it. “Are you okay with that?”
Once, the fourth day of seven of their alternates’ presence, Steve found Rogers sitting on the couch in the living room, cross-legged, staring vacantly at a sketchbook in his lap. The drawing was half-finished, unrefined, but Steve could still tell what it was.
Bruce pulled his glasses off and rubbed his eyes. Tony was feeling about the same. He hadn’t slept in two days, actually, but he was sure that Bruce had pulled something similar. “Slim, I guess. It really just depends on how the simulations I’m running turn out. Realistically, we need a way to replicate the situation in which they were dragged here. Which, with our resources right now…”
Her response was lost to the wind, but he was pretty sure it was affirmative. She yelped again once he accelerated downwards, but he didn’t really blame her. JARVIS pulled up a view of all of the thirteen people on the HUD as Tony said, “I’ll electrify your arm,” and JARVIS had already moved on, pulling up an optimal charge, “you won’t be able to open your hand. We can do this, Heather.”
Then, Pepper’s image flickered into life, and Tony’s breath froze in his lungs.
Tony managed to restrain himself from addressing JARVIS again until he was in the safety of his lab. Then, of course, as excited as a little kid on Christmas morning, he burst out, “Well?”
“Aww,” Tony cooed, leaning exaggeratedly into Steve. “I know there was a reason I liked you besides your d—”
But then he’d go to sleep, and see the golden glove and purple eyes and the pain. He’d see the drawing pinned to the far wall, violent scratches and terrible death, and he knew better.
Rogers’s face hardened, and Steve shifted in his seat uncomfortably. He was starting to feel like he was intruding on something deeply personal; something that had been simmering under the surface the entire time that their alternates had been here.
“Um… okay. Um. I’m blanking. What’s something that only they would know?
“He’s a chunky monkey, let’s get him.”
Tony waved that away, confidence already restored. “Educated guess. I mean, Thor said he saw
Tony sat up a little straighter to card his fingers through Steve’s hair. His partner slept much better than Tony did, and deeper, too.
Loki finally sat forward on Hlidskjalf, propping his chin in his hand. “Like what?”
“Mark 42 inbound,” JARVIS interjected urgently, and Tony turned his head to look.
Despite the backwash of her anger, Thor was still unmoved, standing still in the center of the room. His eyes flickered to Tony, then to Maximoff, and back again.
“It’s fine,” Steve told him exasperatedly. “It healed two weeks ago. How’s your back? Still bruised?”
In a fit of apparent fury, Bucky threw his gun aside and charged for the catwalk. Steve could feel the blood draining from his leg, feel the bullet grind against the bone. He wasn’t up for a fight, and Bucky knew it.
Tony pointed at the ceiling. “See?”
“You make a move, I break your face,” he warned, and Tony barely withheld a laugh.
“Bucky,” Steve breathed. Despite the situation, he felt a brief moment of hope.
“We’ve got two prisoners here,” Natasha said breezily. “Enhanced. Prep the cuffs, please? I’m pretty sure they’ll stay out the whole trip, but just in case.”
Steve nearly opened his mouth to protest that he hadn’t
Happy couldn’t figure out how to flip the screen despite being the former chauffeur and bodyguard of one of the foremost tech designers in the world, and Tony left his phone in the wine cooler.
(the sixth hadn’t gotten a shadow, because he was left alone in empty space with no air to breathe, to scream, because he deserved to go to hell anyways)
, and his flaps deployed, dumping them all into the water.
thought. What
This, of course, led to the ever-cliche moment of weakness on Tony’s part, a motivational speech from Captain America, some weird space-alien chick with glowing hands, a talking raccoon, and a depressed god of thunder. As all good (or bad) things have.
“I’ve got evac, it’s—not d–de–d—enough time—sorry—”
It was day six of seven, running out of time, running out of
he demanded. “No way. No
He knew that the stabilization calibrator was damaged from his multiple crashes in the poor suit, but it was still a little embarrassing when it crashed into the guardrail and fell apart. Tony rolled his eyes, remembering a last-ditch function he’d built into the prototype. “Whatever.”
“Power,” Thor muttered. “Soul, Time.”
Steve snapped. Clint seemed to shake off the daze that he’d fallen into, and he made to join them before he whipped his gaze back to the computers.
I want to kill the HYDRA bastards who ordered it. But not him.”
Tony managed to break through the force field a few minutes later: it was powerful, but inefficient, so it was child’s play to send a missile through the weak point into the power source.
Pierce had had gone off on a tangent that Tony had managed to entirely tune out, but Thor had obviously been half-listening to both conversations. He had been raised as a prince, Tony realized belatedly—he had to know how to handle delicate diplomatic situations.
“You know what this reminds me of?” Harley asked. Tony didn’t want to hear it, not at all, and he said so, but Harley ignored him.
“HYDRA lies,” Natasha said, and there was something distinctly vulnerable about her, something in her eyes that Tony didn’t think she was faking. “People like that, they lie to keep you in your place. Your job now is to figure out what you want to do now that you’re free."
But there were more than six of them—there were so many more than six. Steve could see himself standing with some of his Avengers in the front, but Steve could make out vague details of others standing near the foreground of the sketch.
you may have noticed the chapter count went up. don't expect that to be the last time that happens, to be honest. 5 chapters was always a placeholder until I could figure out how long this monster is going to be.
“Didn’t realize
“Right,” Natasha said idly. She was staring at a security feed of their future selves in the spare lab that Tony had given them. They were holding hands. “Agreeing on something.”
BUT your comments are the ones that motivated me to get this done in my free time. I really did have fun writing this, especially because I'm departing from adapting canon to writing my own plot.
Right as it shrank into nothing, the portal contorted and flashed a mixture of blue, yellow, and green, and the Iron Man suit tumbled out of thin air.
Harley said, and the Extremis guy frowned.
“Welcome to the life, wingman,” Natasha said, raising her glass in the air.
Clint was right. Fury missing something that important was as likely as the sun not rising in the morning.
Maria Hill, her voice brusque over the comms, said, “Blasting their frequency in three… two… one… now.”
The lights in the hallway were equally dim, and Tony regretted putting in such ominous emergency illumination for a moment. JARVIS had already called the elevator, and the building trembled again.
He spent most of the goodbyes in a half-dazed state, and when Stark came up to him and stuck a hand out, sniffing in that way that Steve could already tell was a way to suppress his emotions, Steve wrapped him in a hug before he knew what had happened.
There was ash in his lungs and blood on his lips and the dead were littered around him and they said—
This time, it was Rogers who hauled Steve into a hug. And again, there was a secret message breathed into Steve’s ear.
Thor simply looked at him, unfathomable, and nodded once.
“I’m not as stupid as you make me out to be, Loki,” Thor said, and though he meant it to sound accusatory, he just sounded tired. “I knew something was wrong as soon as you let me leave Asgard without a fight.”
Steve, Tony, and Thor met them in the lobby. Tony stood at the front, Thor to his left and Steve to his right. Thor’s expression was mutinous and tense, and Tony could almost feel the sparks flying from his armor.
The garage he broke into was apparently the domain of an angry chipmunk named Harley, and Tony asked for a watch and a tuna fish sandwich when all he wanted was to go home. He got a limited edition Dora the Explorer watch and no sandwich, instead, which wasn’t bad for the middle of nowhere in Tennessee.
was feeling. You heard his name and your—your brain flew out the window.”
she said, like the words cut her throat as they came out. “Let’s go.”
Steve took a deep breath and, deep in his heart, he felt acceptance. Bucky couldn’t be his priority: not when there were millions of lives at stake. He gritted his teeth, readying himself to throw his shield, before Bucky angled his body to catch it.
that kid was a jokester, and also way too fast to ever be caught. Tony honestly thought that he had quicker reflexes because of the need to dodge tipping paint cans than all of Natasha’s combat sessions. But none of that mattered right now because—
Steve’s ears picked up the hum of quinjet engines, and he nodded, and offered Clint a hand to get to his feet.
Steve was proud to admit that he didn’t throw up or scream. He was fairly certain that he did let out a rather undignified yelp, but he was pretty sure that the wind had torn it away. And since Tony had no helmet, there was almost no way that he could have heard.
“Bucky,” Steve clarified. “I know… I know your mom’s death was hard on you—
plunged through the windshield and tore the steering wheel off the car.
“Just…” Tony hugged one knee to his chest and rested his chin on top of it. “Look after them, okay? Don’t… don’t let them fall apart.”
“Get to the file room,” he said briefly. “Hawkeye, on my mark.”
they hissed through bloody purple teeth.
“Okay, let’s do this,” Tony squeaked out, and even though his voice was
“Be careful,” he warned once more, and that caused Tony to wonder what cryptic message their alternates had gifted Steve. All Stark had said to him was a vague piece of advice to keep an eye on UN legislation and the name of a good therapist (and come on, Tony didn’t need
Steve laughed, but there were tears in his eyes.
“Don’t be obtuse on purpose, it’s… annoying,” Tony told the ceiling, spinning himself in an idle circle in his chair. “The simulations. Any luck? It’s been weeks now, aren’t they finishing up soon?”
and Tony was stumbling, running to the door, to his suit. The palladium poisoning that had been running through his blood not so long ago forced itself to the forefront of his brain, and he stammered out something about poison and to check his brain before JARVIS’s filtered voice told him that he’d had a major anxiety attack.
“We’re talking about this later,” Natasha said to Thor, perfectly calm.
Two hours after Steve landed in Washington DC, Steve was in a combat suit, his shield painted black, on a plane somewhere over the Atlantic.
But Natasha was still shaking a half-catatonic Thor, who was muttering to himself and clutching his hands to his chest. If the witch had done that to an alien god, then…
He couldn’t wait to go home.
The woman, with brown stringy hair hanging in front of her eyes and filthy bandages wrapped around her wrists, cried out, “Pietro!” She made an abortive movement to kneel beside him, but whipped around to face him and Thor, her eyes wide with horror and feral anger.
“You’re incorrigible,” Steve told him, but his lips were twitching.
“Get to high ground,” Steve told Clint briefly, turning away from the screens. “Sam, with me.”
Natasha bowed her head. Her hair was the longest Thor had ever seen it: it reached past her shoulders and brushed her rib cage, but he got the feeling that she’d soon be changing it. She never seemed to stay the same, and it reminded him of Loki.
“Oh, thank God.”
(He could guess how Stark had fallen for him)
Tony took another look at the bright lights, DUM-E and U spinning idly at the far side of the room, the rapid-fire computer screens, and thought
“Okay.”
Bucky started, his eyes like moons. “But it was,” he countered stubbornly. “I caused their car to crash, I bashed Howard’s head in, strangled your mother, they were my hands and I
“You’ll
“But, I, um,” Tony continued, his voice impossibly strangled. “Those weeks with you, out in Malibu, they were… great. They were really great. And I know that you want me to come back, I want to come back to you, and I know you’re looking for Bucky and I really, really want you to find him. So… don’t come looking for me. I mean, you won’t be able to find me, because I’m in the middle of nowhere in Tennessee, but, well. Don’t try.”
Steve scrambled to his feet, using his shield to shove a concrete slab aside. “Clint!” he screamed. “Hawkeye!
“You bought more of Disney,” said Bruce, who had arrived sometime during the night and was already bullying Tony.
His hunt for the Infinity Stones had been mostly a dead end. He knew where most of them were, after all: the Tesseract in the vaults on Asgard, Time and Mind on Earth, Reality on Knowhere. He had managed to track down the Power Stone, but it was held onto by the Nova Corps so tightly that it would be more of a pain for Thor to retrieve it and find somewhere else to stash it than to just leave it there.
“Yes, well neither have I, but when I asked our real Father about her, he turned white and fell into the Odinsleep.”
“Will be. Is Nat…?”
“Why is the Winter Soldier sitting on my couch in the dark?” Tony managed, one hand over his chest. “It’s three in the morning, why are you here
“Sir, Alexander Pierce has taken control of SHIELD and has reactivated Project Insight,” JARVIS continued. “It appears that the helicarriers will be launched in approximately twelve hours.”
The glass gave way, and Bucky fell.
“Way to take away any significance of my title, man.”
on Earth had Steve gotten in his workshop?
Killian got to his feet again, gasping, and raised a fist. Mark 35 came blasting through the firing zone, and Pepper shoved a glowing fist through it, then kicked a stray missile at Killian and ignited it.
“It’s there,” Steve reassured him. “It’s okay.”
and subtlety and anonymity, and Tony was only half-listening, too preoccupied with shooting Maya pleading glances from across the room.
he demanded. “The
“Write that down,” Tony said absently, then turned away back to his lab.
“That’s a problem,” Clint dragged out.
Clint dove.
“Whoa!” Tony lunged forward, the suit screeching as the joints grated, and caught Steve under the armpits. “Steve, hey, stay with me.”
“I thought that was always the plan,” Steve admitted, shifting his broad shoulders so they brushed against Tony’s. He felt heat rise back into his cheeks and firmly pictured Senator Stern in his birthday suit to make the blush fade.
a little bit. “I think I’d like to surprise everyone. I’ll go now.”
“I’m afraid that Captain Rogers has embarked on something of a suicide mission,” JARVIS said gravely. “HYDRA completed three helicarriers under Director Fury’s nose and is in the process of launching now.”
As for the second.... well, Tony was a little disappointed that Steve didn’t pick up his phone, but there was at least a 50% chance that he’d shattered it after the call had disconnected.
in the fields when they crept up on him. He was still wearing the Gauntlet, but it was blackened and burned, just like the rest of his left arm. Thor was
Tony bolted upright, fumbling with the door handle and sinking to the icy pavement. Spots danced in his vision as he struggled to breathe around the vice in his chest. The arc reactor felt like it weighed a thousand pounds.
Rhodey, as Tony had predicted, took an immediate liking to Trevor.
Then Tony stuttered to a stop.
“Sorry?” He tried, and Stark ignored him.
There was a shuffle of steps behind him just as Tony caught sight of the Scepter. He went to turn, stretched out a hand for the suit, but too late.
“Project Insight requires… insight,” Zola snapped. “So I wrote an algorithm.”
Stark—the future Stark—waved a hand dismissively, and Steve noticed for the first time that some of the plating of his left arm was exposed, burned away. Even his Tony’s armor hadn’t taken a hit like that; scraped to hell, sure, but not
He turned sharply from the TV screen and said, “Natasha, where do those files take us?”
“I’ve got to wrap a few things up in my lab,” he said as Steve gave him a plaintive look. “I swear I won’t take more than a half hour. JARVIS can even make sure of it—JARVIS?”
With the way his thoughts were racing tonight, Tony knew there would be no sleep for him tonight. Regretfully, he eased himself off of Steve’s chest and padded with socked feet towards the kitchen. Sure, it was… 3:38 in the morning, but he was really craving a cup of coffee and
“What do you mean, what?” Natasha said. “You said Time was here.”
“I found the bad guys you were talking about,” Sam announced, his voice half-sucked away by the wind.
He hung there for what felt like hours, listening to Wannabe-Thor and Generic Creep #5 engage in casual, boring conversation as though they weren’t guarding a captive Iron Man in a decrepit old mansion in Miami. Finally,
In a rarely intimate moment, Tony curled up on the couch with his head in Steve’s lap. Everyone else had left to pack and rest before their mission, but Tony couldn’t bring himself to move. He ran his fingers lightly along Steve’s thigh where the bullet wound had been. “How’s your leg?” he asked.
apologies for the long wait!! life hit me like a freight train... BUT! this chapter is so long that I hope it makes up for it! I'm hoping that the next chapter won't take as long, and I'll try as hard as possible to keep my flow of writing going.
“Attention, all SHIELD agents,” he began. “This is Steve Rogers. You've heard a lot about me over the last few days…”
“Then you must know what is coming,” Zola said smugly, regaining some of his composure. “Why do you sit idly here whilst the Soldier has already been activated and our project has reached completion?”
“The rest of the Stones,” Thor said, feeling like something was sitting on his tongue, twisting it, coating his throat in broken glass and ice. “The Orb. The Eye. The cliffs…”
Thor stared at her, then looked around at the rest of them. “What did I say?” he said weakly, and then the ground beneath them began to tremble.
Time always passed oddly in Tony’s workshop. Focusing on his nanotech, buried deep in the wiring, Tony could spend hours down there without even realizing. So he didn’t really hold it against himself for nearly bashing his head on a steel bench when Bucky appeared in front of him out of nowhere.
“I was wondering when you’d catch on. I thought it would be years, to be honest.”
“Dramatic much, Rogers?” He muttered to himself, and then they were landing.
When Steve had been small and scrappy and stupid, he’d stuffed pilfered oranges into his pockets and picked fights he could never win, just to feel some semblance of control. He had been grasping at straws, snarling at Bucky through bloody teeth and defending some broken sense of honor that was more of an excuse than a moral code. He volunteered for an experiment in a Brooklyn basement and crashed a plane into the Arctic chasing that control, but whether he was slipping oranges into his pockets or upsetting plans to tear down democracy, Steve never felt like he was making his own choices.
thank you so much guys!!! i LOVE hearing from you guys, so please leave comments down below on whatever you want! next chapter coming out ASAP!!!
Rogers went over to hug Natasha, and Steve suddenly realized that their alternates were
“What’s the plan, Steve?” Bruce asked quietly. He was still wearing the ratty sweater from the mission, and there was still blood crusted in Natasha’s hairline. None of them were ready for a fight.
“Director, what’ve you got Nat doing?” Clint asked. Fury grunted as he shifted positions.
Clint didn’t seem too preoccupied with that, instead demanding, “What’s on the drive?”
There was a horrific screeching, then the line clicked and disconnected.
“What kind of
He charged, and seriously considered attempting to deck Killian right where he stood. A voice that sounded like a combination of Pepper and Steve whispered in his head,
“Forty-seven.”
Like a rubber band that had been stretched to the max, Tony snapped back into himself. He had tumbled to his knees at some point, and the rough concrete dug into his legs through the thin flight suit. It was suddenly
Steve watched a red blur that he identified as Thor shoot off towards the Tower too, followed by a shape that was unmistakably the Iron Man suit with the orange repulsors jetting from the hands and feet. And there was something blue attached to his side.
“Did you write that down first, or was it off the top of your head?” Sam asked him wryly. Clint snorted.
“We lost, and I lost, and you lost, and Thor lost—we. All. Lost. And you wanna know why? Because you and your stubborn, supposedly-righteous ass couldn’t understand the greater good.”
“Shit,” he hissed again. “Anyone else unoccupied? Natasha?”
“Everyone we know is trying to kill us,” Natasha admitted, and Clint laughed a little.
Tony looked up, and for the first time Steve
Rogers’ cheeks were starting to turn pink, and Steve realized that his tells hadn’t changed in the years that had passed. He was getting defensive.
“I wasn’t—” Rogers started to protest, but Stark cut him off.
“I assume you have a way to bring us back,” Stark was saying, “unless you like us so much that you wanted to strand yourself in 2012, too.”
Clint opened his mouth to reply, thought for a moment, and then closed it.
Stark demanded, and Thor winced sympathetically.
“Or dead,” he said.
“Like you don’t like them better than me,” Clint grumbled as though Tony wasn’t sitting right there, stupefied.
“Natasha, what’s your status?” Steve hissed, lowering himself to have a clear view of Batroc. When he didn’t receive a response, he repeated, “Status, Natasha.”
over,
A metaphorical lightbulb dinged in Tony’s head, and he turned to look at Trevor again. “Hey, Ringo. Didn’t you say something about a lovely speedboat?”
“Hey, Cap,” Sam called as they burst out onto the tarmac. “How do we know the good guys from the bad guys?”
“It certainly would not hinder.”
“I love his feelings,” Clint muttered. “They always make me feel so warm and fuzzy.”
“You can come peacefully,” Steve began, but those furious eyes began to glow red.
“How’d they keep all this secret from Fury?” Steve panted, jogging past the frankly insanely large bay. “This is huge.”
“I never thought people had been hurt,” Trevor said in a surprisingly coherent manner. “They lied to me.”
“Just send them to the Arctic!” Sam said. “There’s got to be a spot where the weapons can’t reach anyone of interest to Insight just in case they come back online.”
“Undercover op,” Clint continued. “You and your partner came swooping in from the sky, and I almost missed my shot. It was impressive. But the project was terminated.”
to tell them?”
“It’s damaged,” Thor reported. “But it looks different. More advanced—well, to your standards, at least. And he—ah. He’s carrying you, Captain.”
start with me.”
(he shouldn’t get a shadow; he should be in hell)
Sam shook his head incredulously. Thor only laughed.
Rogers’s tone grew offended. “The Accords were not a greater
Thor was standing in the alleyway that the Bifrost had landed on, arms crossed, leaning against a wall. When he caught sight of Stark and Rogers, he stood straight and announced, “You two have got to be some of the biggest idiots I’ve ever met. And I lived with—I’ve met a lot of idiots.”
“Correct.”
He felt panic bubble up from his stomach and fill his lungs at that. He was going to be stuck in 2012. He was going to be stuck in a world where all of the relationships he’d developed were moot; a world where Tony Stark, the
“Why do you think like half of your troops have gone dark?”
Last step. Tony stuck his right hand out, a clear message to shake hands. Bucky blinked, then looked at his metal hand. Tony waited.
Steve knocked the lock free of the door, and knocked the lock free of the secrets that had been hiding in this warehouse for seventy years. Arnim Zola flickered to life on the screens, greeting them smugly by their real names. He hadn’t known Natasha’s birth name was Natalia; he had known that Clint’s was Clinton. He was surprised the archer didn’t shoot the screen on principle.
The bay doors opened and dropped him right into the fray before Tony could catch Steve’s reaction, and soon, he was much more preoccupied with the agents pointing guns at his face.
“Okay,” Tony said, hoping his voice wasn’t too squeaky. “Well, if you want to sneak out and then surprise everyone in the lobby or whatever, I won’t tell. You could also have a bedroom for tonight.”
“I look forward to reading your report about that asset to Director Fury,” Steve called after them, and Tony watched Rumlow’s shoulders go rigid. Natasha wavered for a moment as her superior turned around and went towards the door. She caught Rumlow’s arm, and her fingers went white as she squeezed. She said something to him and paced over to Steve, Tony, and Thor instead of following.
Nothing happened.
“No,” Tony interjected briefly, and pressed down again.
Natasha ducked into the cockpit after muttering a few words into Clint’s ear. Steve startled, setting the girl down next to the other enhanced. “Did you see something too?”
repulsor technology. That hadn’t gotten off the ground after the visit from their future selves had warned them of SHIELD’s more tentacle-y dark side, as Tony had so eloquently put it.
Halfway up the Tower, Stark’s boosters jerkily, horrifyingly, gave out. The armor made a choking, groaning sound, almost like it was wheezing out its final breath. Steve’s stomach lurched sickeningly, and Tony was yelling
Pepper was glowing with Extremis, her hair hanging in her face, and Tony could cry with happiness right then and there.
Tony woke to a blaring alarm, a malfunctioning HUD, and a suit steadily approaching a snowy road. He felt a headache pounding at his skull and the swelling at his neck from the iron cable that had dragged him to the bottom of the Pacific, his suit filling with water, gasping for air—
“I wouldn’t know,” Sam said, but he got up as well. “Steve?”
really leaving, and it hit him harder than he’d expected. He watched as the two Thors converged on each other, the younger one asking a muted question and older Thor’s face falling. He said something that Steve didn’t catch, something that looked like a warning or a piece of advice from the way that his counterpart’s shoulders slumped.
Tony thought, and then someone from behind Killian swatted him away with a heavy pipe.
Steve couldn’t stop wondering what had happened. Or what would happen, he supposed. Provided that their future selves’ very presence hadn’t sent their timeline spiraling off into an alternate universe. He withheld himself from asking, though; it wasn’t like they needed more opportunity to mess their world up.
It was much more disconcerting that Tony was letting on to see his own face, aged years into the future and looking far worse for wear. He had noticed the arc reactor’s change, but he hadn’t asked his double about it. He wasn’t really sure he wanted to know.
These two facts together should have immediately led to Tony irrevocably blaming Barnes for his parents’ death. But then there was fact three: Bucky Barnes had been tortured for over seventy years and brainwashed into becoming a living weapon.
“Ride’ll be a half hour, folks,” Clint announced from the cockpit. “Hop to it!”
Steve had been gone for less than twelve hours. He hadn’t even said a proper goodbye. And Tony was—
“Why?” The god asked carefully. “The Titan is—”
“Why do you even want to find Odin?” Loki asked, sounding like he was about to start picking his nails with a knife or something equally aggravating. Thor realized absently that he should be feeling some semblance of joy at the revelation that Loki was alive,
“So, you and Stark still orbiting each other, or are you finally going to make a move?” she asked, buckling her parachute into place. “When we were living in the Tower, you blushed every time Stark came within a five-foot radius.” Clint snorted a laugh behind her, his quiver already slotted in place below the chute.
a voice whispered.
“You’ll get over it,” Steve told him past the lump in his throat. “Let’s go.”
gesture. “It didn’t add up.”
something predatory and base in his gaze, and yeah, okay, Tony could kind of see why Steve wanted to kill them.
“No,” Steve agreed placidly.
Steve ripped the chip out of his belt and jammed it in as Hill said, “Ten seconds.”
“400 feet,” JARVIS warned, and Tony groaned inwardly. “200 feet, sir.”
The blue blur of the speedster rushed by Steve, knocking him into the far wall. Steve watched where his trail disappeared, picked up his shield, and followed resolutely after.
Tony staggered away. He rubbed snow on his face, clutched at his chest, and did his best to think of Steve instead. Steve, who was in DC, who had to have gotten Tony’s call
human
He bent over one of the stations with a microphone, took a deep breath, and pressed the BROADCAST button.
The other Thor studied his alternate, smiled sympathetically, and didn’t say anything. His Thor didn’t say anything, either, but Steve watched his grip tighten on Mjolnir.
Tony sent himself bodily through the window, because he had to get them away from these people; he had brought them here, it was
Natasha raised her gun, ready to fire, and then a heavily armored car slammed into the back of Sam’s Chevy. It drove them forward, the tires screaming a complaint, and Bucky vaulted back onto the roof. His feet shattered the back window. Clint grunted as shattered glass exploded all over him, and Natasha bent over and groped for her gun.
“Seriously, Steve,” Natasha said, pacing beside him as she unbuckled her parachute. “If you asked him, he’d probably say yes. He let you in his workshop, and trust me,
Happy was in a coma and Tony was just sitting there watching the faux-elegant, melodramatic episode play out. He was avoiding the flashing lights and the news trucks of the paparazzi. He’d been shoving cameras out of his face since he was two, smiling for the vultures since he was five, but it was so much more personal now, his soul was raw and bleeding and white-hot, burning with anger.
Then there was another Mandarin bombing, and goddamn, terrorists knew how to make it
Rogers slapped a hand over Stark’s mouth so fast that Steve blinked. Stark’s eyes flashed with vicious fury, and he shoved both hands so hard into Rogers’s chest that the soldier took several stumbling steps backwards. Stark deliberately wiped his mouth with the back of his hand and stormed away.
“Please tell me nobody kissed me,” Stark breathed out, straining to move his arms in the locked joints and obviously not listening to Thor. Steve’s attention was torn between what Thor was saying in his ear and what Stark was complaining about.
“Thanks, buddy.”
There was a big fight, with flashing lights and lots of explosions. Carol was actually super impressive-looking, and Thor rejoined the battle with a limp and glowing eyes. Random details stuck in Tony’s brain: the exact pattern of the rips on Thor’s cape, the manner in which the extra spinal protection was burned away from the War Machine armor, the way Steve’s suit stretched across his ass.
He still wasn’t sure what exactly was going on: something about a man named Batroc, data files implicating more Hydra agents still hiding inside of SHIELD, and Agent Sitwell. Natasha had caught him jogging around the reflecting pool, teasing a pararescue vet named Sam Wilson, and dragged him along with her.
“Before we devolve into more arguments,” Thor interrupted, “maybe tell us what the problem is?"
“Great,” Natasha said dryly. The rest of them shifted uncomfortably, and Tony was reminded of whispers of
“Charlie lock,” Steve breathed, and snapped the original data file in half.
disobey her. She jabbed me in the neck with a needle while I was near-death, who does that?”
No, not
“I created Ultron because I was scared,” Stark admitted. “What I saw in that portal—it was terrifying. He knows.” Stark flicked his gaze over to Tony, who looked startled. Steve hadn’t even realized that Stark knew he was in the room. “There is
The twins looked uncertainly at each other, managing to make eye contact despite the awkward way their bodies had collapsed into each other. Tony attempted to decipher their expressions, but unfortunately his brain was as functional as a handful of wet noodles. He pawed at Steve’s collar in an attempt to leverage himself upright, but Steve just hijacked his hand and clutched it tight.
Tony waved his free hand in a gesture that he hoped wasn’t rude. “Course. ‘Sides, y’re just kids… not much choice…”
It was then that Thor reluctantly realized he had to go home.
“There,” Clint pointed out, gesturing at a grate built into the concrete. The beeping from Natasha’s phone grew louder, more frantic, as her gaze caught on one of the monitors. “Hop in.”
“Well, let’s hope we figure it out.”
Pepper stepped back hurriedly as Mark 39, which happened to be a stealth suit with smooth, matte black shelling, landed next to them. “Sorry, Pep,” he said, already stepping inside. “I’ll send Rhodey after you. I need to—”
here decided to get hit—”
Stark stressed, pulling one hand out of his pocket to gesture at Steve. “Is that I have been warning you about this happening for years and then
Thor’s expression flickered for a moment, but he showed the metal fragment that Steve had noticed earlier. “Thanos destroyed Stormbreaker,” he reported, which answered exactly none of Steve’s questions, “but Bruce managed to figure out a way to use the Stones in a way that mimicked how Thanos used it. All he needed was a transdimensional push, and even though the Bifrost is—” Here he faltered, and cast a glance at his alternate.
The seams of the suit glowed white-hot, and Tony ran for the edge of the platform and dove.
“Landing in two minutes!” Clint called over the intercom. “You assholes ready to avenge?”
“I am afraid I have been stalling, Captain.”
“As always, a pleasure watching you work, sir.” JARVIS told him dryly, and Tony resisted the urge to flip the camera off.
and while the Mark 42 lorded dispassionately over him, Tony buried his face in his hands and tried desperately not to cry.
“So, half the universe is dead,” Stark summarized, and even from twenty feet away, Steve could see the pain that flitted across his features. “And we’d really rather get out of your hair. Is the Tesseract—”
“I don’t know about any Pepper, but I know about the plan.”
“Oh, right, a new guy,” Tony remembered, even though he hadn’t really forgotten. “We had a little drop-in from mine and Capsicle’s future selves. They were together, too.”
“That’s classic.” Stark’s hands were shaking, Steve noted. Unnoticed by both Stark and Rogers, Tony and Natasha (who had apparently arrived sometime during the night) crept into the room. Tony’s eyes were wide as he stared incredulously at his future self. “Why, oh why, would I keep secrets from you? Wouldn’t that be so hypocritical of me? Well, actually, I’m sure that serum helped your brain
Tony said on the other end of the line, his voice a bit strangled. “
Loki hummed noncommittally. “And what are you going to do now?”
“Well, we have access to a list of all the hidden bases as long as they weren’t locked out of SHIELD databases.”
voice was so obnoxious,” The other Stark countered. Tony just sighed.
Steve was already (secretly)
“Guys, I got Strucker,” Steve called. “No sign of the speedster. Tony, be careful down there.”
“Tony,” Rogers said softly, rising to his feet. Stark was wiping futilely at his eyes, but his hands were shaking so badly that he was just smearing the tears down his cheeks.
“What is a wingman?” Thor asked blankly.
The TV-Crew-Gary-Guy was vaguely irritating, and the tattoo that he had was nauseating, but then Killian’s face flickered onto the blurry screen, and the last piece clicked into place.
for them.
“Wild ride,” Stark said, but he was pale and his dark eyes were dancing almost nervously. He wouldn’t meet Steve’s gaze. “Um, shall we meet our...selves?”
Tony snapped his fingers. “The sass. I didn’t—did I program that? I feel like I would have remembered doing that.”
“Watch this.”
Thanks so much for sticking around!! enjoy <333
“I need to get back to Asgard,” Thor continued. “Something my future self said… I believe there are clues that I’ve missed.”
If Thor’s future self had gone through half of the things that Thor had in the past year, Thor was sure he would have told himself to forget all about Hela.
Thor’s face shifted to a soft smile. He flexed the fingers of his left hand, and for the first time Steve noticed the armor extended all the way down to form a glove over his left hand and that there were bandages peeking out of the neckline of his armor. None of that showed on his face. “There’s a teenager dressed as a spider who’s very insistent that I get this over with as soon as possible.
the lights, the humming of the generator, the way Steve was straining to reach Tony.
EDIT: i'm trying to reply to all your comments, but ao3 is really not cooperating with me and my inbox is super glitched out. i'll try to respond ASAP! (it might have to be on my phone eek) thanks for the support!
“I know, buddy, but when you brought that doohickey back to Asgard, not much good came from that.” Thor frowned, and static began to fizz in Steve’s ears again. “I just need a couple days to figure out how to replicate a blast from
“In your dreams, Nat.”
Stormbreaker still connected, but it tore a gash in Thanos’s side rather than killing him. Nebula screamed a challenge, and from there Tony’s memory got a little fuzzy.
Steve sighed and sat down next to him. “You’ve had facial recognition running for Bucky for nearly a year now. Still no results. If I’m dealing with Hydra in DC…”
He stuck out an arm in an imitation of the first time he’d jabbed a finger at Steve two days ago. That felt like it was ten years ago, maybe more. God,
Natasha shifted under him and groaned a little, and as though he had been struck by a bolt of lightning, he remembered.
“Steve,” Tony whined. “I was gonna win!”
Whatever. Tony didn’t need Steve. He didn’t need anyone.
The other man frowned heavily, like the choice had caught him off guard. “I’m not sure. But I… I want to get HYDRA out of my head. I think… something inside me wants to come home.”
“Help me to,” Thor said. “You made me see things,
out of time. He dove for the grate, covering Natasha with his body and then his shield. Even though the roar of the missile, he heard Clint’s boots skid on the concrete as he hopefully dove for cover.
“Your seven days are up, Mr. Stark,” Pierce said smugly. “The Tesseract and the Scepter, please.”
“Karma-
A Stark hadn’t given up on Steve after seventy years. Steve wouldn’t give up on another Stark after less than a day.
when the Air Force One plane exploded above them.
“And you haven’t been there. Why?"
other than—
“Fair enough.” Stark’s faceplate finally retracted, the entire helmet crawling backwards and dissolving into the armor. Tony eyed the tech, envy clear in his gaze. Steve was too busy studying this new Tony Stark, because he had changed much more than Steve himself.
“The answer to your question is fascinating. Unfortunately,” here Zola paused, indulging in a blurry, pixelated smirk, “you shall be too dead to hear it.”
The floor trembled as the Hulk roared, and Steve winced. “Guess so.”
“You wanna know what happened? You wanna know what he did? He turned to me, and he told me that he didn’t want to go. He
Tony made a sound like he’d been punched in the stomach and fled the room. Natasha stayed in the doorway, her eyes narrowed and calculating. Steve was tempted to follow, but he was afraid to move in both Stark and Rogers’s line of sight and disrupt the moment.
“Are you okay?” Steve asked frantically, rubbing his hands over Tony’s scalp like he would be able to detect the psychic damage that Maximoff had dealt.
“Maybe you’d absorb it and finally get some healthy food into you,” Steve countered even as he went to relinquish the suspicious mix from DUM-E’s clutches.
It was a few more minutes of comfortable small talk, asking Thor about what the hell he’d done in Greenwich that had destroyed half of the plaza, poking fun at Steve, teasing Sam. Tony leaned into Steve, letting his warmth seep into his core. Steve had draped an arm around him, and the laughter in the air (and in the wine) made Tony feel hopeful for the first time, really, since New York.
“Neither would I,” Steve said wryly, wrapping an arm around Tony’s shoulders. “But don’t be mean to my boyfriend.”
“He could have reactivated the project,” Clint agreed, his hand clenching tight on his bow. “But without Fury finding out… that would be impossible.”
Howard Stark’s face flickered on screen, his features crossed out and the word DECEASED printed across the file. Blueprints of the helicarriers, marked TERMINATED, briefly showed before they were abandoned, replaced by a picture of Fury, reading PENDING.
I'm not even going to try and explain how long this took, so I'm just gonna post this and say that I have no idea when the next chapter is coming out. Hopefully sooner than this one took. Life has taken a TURN, let me say.
Another guy tumbled past them in an ill-fitting suit, and Tony refocused himself. “Listen to me,” he ordered, channeling his best Steve Rogers impression. “See that guy?”
“Why?” Sam asked.
Something detonated in the far room, and Tony activated the unibeam and left Extremis-douchebag sitting with a hole through his chest. “Walk away from that,” Tony told him, and burst through the cabin door in time to watch a stewardess be pulled from the plane through a gash torn through the belly of the plane.
The Mark 42 wrapped itself around Killian, sending him stumbling back with the force of it. “JARVIS, do me a favor and blow Mark 42.”
that Tony had ruined his plans. “I was going to come upstairs in the morning, through the lobby, but I wanted to reconnoiter first. And your windows don’t lock.”
Now they were looking at him like the Allspeak wasn’t functioning.
Rogers’s expression twisted, but Steve couldn’t tell if that was from anguish or confusion.
“Will you do something for me, J?”
“Jesus,” Tony muttered. “That’s fucked up.”
“You,” Steve said, radiating absolute calm, “have got to be shitting me.”
amounts of energy, and we have the readings from the Mind Stone from when the Couple came. Why can’t we find it?”
“Stark,” he snapped. “Grab Pepper and get out now.”
Stark was standing in the doorway, arms crossed and eyes dark. “You know, I’d say that’s pretty middle schooler of you, but I’ve learned you’re not above that.”
Oh, boy.
“Insight’s launching in sixteen hours, we’re cutting it a little bit close here,” Natasha said, sticking her face in between the front seats.
Oh, God.
“The end of half the universe,” Tony said eerily. “Like they warned us about.”
Um, be a dear and please take that smoothie from DUM-E before he creams me with it.”
“Do not let them take the Tesseract,” Rogers said firmly in his ear. “The Scepter, either, if you can help it.”
thanks so much for reading!
It was the Avengers.
They boarded the jet, and Thor again proved how thrown off he was when he nearly bashed the boy’s head into the frame of the Quinjet. He would have, actually, if it weren’t for Tony’s quick reflexes.
Venom flashed across Stark’s face, but Steve realized that that was only on the surface. Stark was trying his best to hide something: pain. Gut-wrenching, incredible pain.
(See the end of the chapter for
(Their future selves had made it past 2013 intact. Why was this timeline so different?)
It wasn’t the kind of fuzzy that was borne of one too many glasses of champagne late at night, when everything went pleasantly dim and blurry. No, this was like Tony’s essence, his very
Sam looked mildly disturbed by this revelation, and he bowed his head for a moment. “This is my life now,” he lamented, and they all laughed.
“Four, sir.”
“Captain Rogers, Maria Hill, Agents Barton and Romanoff, and FALCON veteran Sam Wilson have staged a coup to eliminate the last of HYDRA. But, sir…” JARVIS trailed off, and Tony had to divert his attention from his spiel to concentrate on Killian.
“Yes!” Tony insisted, and Steve groaned next to him. “He was like ‘take off your helmet’ and I swear to God, I thought he was going to punch me!”
“Okay,” Steve breathed, “Okay. Natasha, stay on lullaby. Thor, you do that, meet me…” Steve trailed off, realizing that he had
“1200 CCs, a dose half this size, I’m dead.”
“Project?” Natasha repeated, apparently following his line of thought. “You mean Project Insight? The helicarriers? Those were scrapped—and besides, Tony Stark is
“Barton is stable on the jet,” Thor reported. “I can make my way back over.”
A red glow began to fight the blue emergency lights, warring purple on Thor’s face. “
“We have an enhanced in the field,” Steve said faintly over the comm line that Tony had turned down. Tony ignored this—he had to, before he lost it entirely.
you. Rogers, I warned you we’d lose and you said that
They looked at each other, and Natasha and Thor looked at them.
A moment passed. Pietro leaned over and whispered something in Wanda’s ear. She tilted her head at him, catlike, and her eyes flashed. “Very well.”
was Steve’s first thought.
“On a more serious note,” Natasha said, sobering, “We’ve got a day, max, before SHIELD gets up your asses—especially you, Stark—about the Tesseract and the Scepter. They’ve called me and Clint in. And if what Stark and Rogers said was true, then Thor’s going to have to take them both and we’ll be out of options.”
Steve kissed him on the top of the head and Tony lost all his trains of thoughts. And those were a
Rogers and Stark forged farther ahead than the rest of the Avengers. They were both obviously excited to see their Thor; probably because they were excited to go home but also because they didn’t know what had happened in their time.
“Yoo-hoo,” one metal arm detached from under his arms and waved in his face. “Jeez, Cap, I was dead for two days and you’ve already gotten over me? That’s cold, even for you—”
when he realized that this replica of Tony Stark wasn’t speaking to him.
“He’s welcome to,” Steve said, and he too laughed at Bruce’s horrified expression.
“Eighteen-thousand feet,” JARVIS warned.
“Great,” Tony groaned, draping an arm over his eyes. “I love dealing with my vengeful robot children. I should do this more often.”
He moved.
So he wasn’t surprised when, two weeks after Bucky arrived, Wanda offered her ringed hands to Bucky, her bracelets jangling, and said softly, “I’d like to help you.”
Tony’s dreams were of stardust and broken empires, so he tried not to sleep at all.
“Yeah, I’ve been told that a time or two,” he told her, and she laughed.
“Loki’s scepter is here, isn’t it?” Stark asked. “Mind Stone’s still active in there.”
He wondered briefly if it was his future self, or maybe Bruce, coming in to further work on their project to reopen the tear between their universes, but a call of: “Tony?” in a familiar spangly tone dispelled that guess.
Steve wished they would stop using such vague pronouns. Who had done what?
Twin pairs of dark, wounded eyes looked on as the elevator doors closed behind them.
And then he said, like it was the simplest thing in the world, “Our parents go in, and the whole building starts coming apart. I grab her, roll under the bed, and the second shell hits. But,” he said, a falsely cheerful note injecting itself into his voice, “it doesn’t go off. It just... sits there in the rubble, three feet from our faces.” His face twisted in agony, but he managed to force the rest of the words out anyway. “And on the side of the shell is painted one word.”
Steve Rogers was not having the best day.
it. “However, I am operating on limited scans of the Mind Stone, as we only had it on premises for roughly a week and our attentions were focused elsewhere at the time."
“It’s nothing,” Thor managed, but Loki—the Prince of Lies, Thor remembered belatedly—wasn’t very convinced.
Tony stopped spinning. “So you’re saying having it here would help?”
“Right,” Thor said, as though he remembered every campaign he’d ever had on Vanaheim. “Where’s Heimdall?”
The Avengers had taken to calling Stark and Rogers “the Couple.” Everyone thought it was funny but Tony and Steve.
As he approached, tongues of flame licked at the towers, black pillars emerging from the cracking foundation. When he blinked, they were gone. Thor continued resolutely onwards.
“I don’t know,” Steve admitted. “I don’t really have… a place. An apartment. Belongings. You know, things that normal people usually have.”
Stark was practically hyperventilating now, but Steve could sense his desire, his
Bucky stood there neutrally, feral eyes half-hidden by choppy hair. He didn’t move out of the way.
“Tony, it’s okay,” Rogers said, and enfolded him in a hug.
“So be Avengers with us. Help us take down HYDRA before they destroy the world as we know it. You’re… we’re all Avengers.”
Then there was that horrible broadcast; the Mandarin hijacked the signal of broadcast TV and took responsibility for bombings that Tony hadn’t even heard about. Rhodey told him about the nine attacks over lunch: no remains of any bomb casings, no witnesses, a heat signature of 3000 degrees Fahrenheit.
of the snipers working their ways through the guards, and then he hurled his shield through the window of the control tower. He ducked through the gap a moment later, and Batroc kicked him square in the chest and bolted.
Steve woke abruptly to the sound of flames licking at old wood and the settling of plaster dust.
They were moving faster now, but Steve had to move, too. The bay doors offered one more protest before giving way to a phalanx of HYDRA agents bearing heavy arms. “Shit,” Steve hissed to himself, and dove off the catwalk.
Well that was certainly a way to dissuade someone, Tony supposed. Pierce looked unsettled for the first time since Tony had met him.
get off the ground now, Hydra or no. The thought made Steve nauseous.
He and Natasha moved in sync: she shot the glass of the adjacent room and he grabbed her and hurled them both through it just as the bomb detonated.
Sam, much to his chagrin, had been left behind in New York for this mission. The Falcon wings had been damaged in their last fight, and Tony hadn’t had a chance to repair them to the point where he was sure they wouldn’t explode upon use. Instead, he was working with JARVIS to scour paper and digital documents for signs of Bucky.
gesture. “What the hell were you thinking?”
Steve found that he did.
“That’s the rule that overrides a no-kill order,” Clint informed him gleefully.
“Shame,” Killian mused from across the walkway. “I would’ve caught her.”
“Thirteen, sir.”
Hardened, was the only word that Steve could come up with. Rogers was battle-hardened.
“JARVIS can search them,” Tony said, snapping his fingers at the ceiling. “Right, bud? A lot faster than Clint’s cute little eyes.”
Steve scrambled to his feet and nearly knocked Tony over in his haste to reach his side. Tony massaged at his temples, feeling like someone had just stuck his head on a drill bit and turned it on high.
“Tony,” Steve chided.
“Who did this?” he said softly, his voice shaking as much as his hands.
Wanda snapped her head to the side, and her eyes shone red. “Stark,” she spat.
“Of course,” Thor said indulgently, and Loki cast him a halfhearted glare.
His gauntlet activated and wrapped itself around Tony’s arm, and Tony whooped. Steve started for a moment, wide-eyed, before the shoulder plate nearly took his head off and he ducked away, the visor flipping back down.
“While this is all well and good,” Fury interrupted, rising to his feet. “I believe we had an infestation to clear out.”
Rhodey smashed through the window and shot the two armed guards dead, and Trevor jerked awake at the sounds of gunshots. He eyed Tony dazedly. “What’ve you come as?” he asked blankly, and Rhodey slammed him back in his easy chair.
“So, are you guys an item now?”
be fine,” Steve said fiercely into the phone. Three military-grade helicopters were entering the frame, in perfect formation, approaching the house. “There are more coming, you have to—”
Steve aimed puppy-dog eyes at him, and Tony rued the fact that he caved almost immediately. “Fine,” he groaned. “I’m getting old anyway. Old people go to bed early, right?”
“Oh, God, Pierce is gonna kill me,” Sitwell was muttering in between his explanations of Zola’s algorithm. “He’s gonna kill me!”
“Why would I be losing?” Steve asked wryly, slinging his shield over his back.
The only reason that Tony didn’t scream and fall over was because he had had
“The vineyards?” Natasha asked dryly. “Please tell me—”
“Tony, I swear to God, I’m gonna blow his face off!” Rhodey snapped.
I’m legitimately curious, here, honestly, because last I checked you’ve done nothing but keep secrets. Please, go on.”
“The Triskelion, sir,” JARVIS said, unusually contrite for an AI that Tony had created. “It’s unclear how long it has been offline.”
“Jesus,” he wheezed. “Warn a guy.”
Stark made an
here. Wonder how much convincing it would take for me to snag it from Kamar-Taj.”
Tony asked, swiping a hologram over to himself. “How did we not notice?”
An unknown caller pushed through. “Tony,” Rhodey’s voice said.
“Get to Steve,” she finished, smiling, but Tony was already gone.
“Tony,” Steve choked out, his voice sounding wrecked, “please.”
Red-hot pain tore through Steve’s thigh before he could respond, and his leg buckled before he could stop himself. Bucky was up on his feet, a wild look in his eye, pistol aimed at Steve. He pulled his shield off his back and onto his arm with one quick movement, crouching behind it. Three more bullets pinged off of it before Bucky gave up. Steve knew that the gun held 8 rounds, and Bucky had used four already. He’d have to bait him into using all of them before he could access the panel.
“Depends on where you’re standing,” she hissed, her voice staticy over the speakers. The masked agent raised his arms in surrender before one of his teammates fired at Sharon, driving everyone else to fire.
“Don’t what?”
Then, even though Tony Stark has been deposited on the cracked pavement by the Hulk, Steve caught the unmistakable whine of Iron Man’s repulsors as one of the objects in the sky caught the other and shot up into the sky.
(they were both dead now)
Tony ran shaking fingers through his hair. “You’re right, J, I’m sorry, I—fuck.”
Tony snorted out a laugh. “Yes, sir,” he said, and saluted, turned to Steve. “Steve, I think he’s trying to replace you.”
She studied him for a long moment—long enough for him to start walking down the hallway again. “Like what you see?”
Steve was with Tony, Stark, and Bruce, watching as they studied readings from the Tesseract and pulled up old data on the Mind Stone, when JARVIS pulled up an alert on the screen in front of his face and said, “Sir, there’s been an anomaly.”
“She wasn’t mine to begin with,” Tony snarled. “And you’ve got it all wrong. She was already perfect.”
but ever since he had returned to Svartalfheim and found Loki’s body missing, he thought he’d always known. He couldn’t find it in himself to be happy about this news, no matter how much he loved his brother.
“Steve,” Tony said, looking abashed and undeniably small, even in the Iron Man suit. “Steve, I’m—”
Rhodey nodded faux-seriously at him and Tony nearly laughed again.
All things considered, Bucky fit back into the team extraordinarily well.
The elevator moved unusually fast: much faster than was legal, Tony was sure, but things like building codes had never fazed neither him nor JARVIS. The five people crammed in the elevator were unusual, too, and they could all endure a little bit of whiplash.
He grabbed some poor reporter’s phone and told the Mandarin exactly what he was feeling, and listed his address and that he’d leave the door open. He smashed the phone and drove away, cold.
crouching in front of Tony’s hiding space, his blue blue blue eyes peering through Tony’s mask and into his soul and why was Tony just staring—
“He’ll be fine, Hill,” he said, and he sounded like he knew something Steve didn’t. “I’ve got a guarantee.”
“Give me some good news, man,” he implored.
you have a big hammer, you don’t have to—ah, shit. What is it, 2012? God, I hate time travel. Well, uh… shit, what’s something Loki wouldn’t know? Oh my God, Cap, yes I hacked their comms, they’re
When Steve reached Camp Lehigh and saw his ghosts running rampant among the crumbled facades and wrecked bunkers, he had two SHIELD assassins at his sides and his shield at his back. Memories screamed in his face, pounded at the back of his mind: Peggy, shouting at the recruits who had decided to think with the piece of flesh between their legs instead of between their ears; Bucky’s smile, which was already beginning to fade from his memory; Howard Stark’s manic rambling that reminded him, now, of Tony.
“I hate you,” Tony said dully. “What was that about DC?”
Tony followed her example, and they all clinked their glasses together, chiming, “Wingman!”
He grabbed another guy with his only remaining hand, but his new arm-guy lost grip on the next. “Come on, come on, come on,” Tony chanted, and he knew he wasn’t helping, but seriously, “
And, as all good and bad things do, their latest adventure was caused by an accident.
They had made an effort to start recruiting after Thor’s warning and subsequent disappearance, so now the team was populated by a variety of new faces: Sam Wilson, Rhodey, Scott Lang, and the Maximoff twins, to name a few. Everyone pretty much rotated through living in the Tower and doing their own thing, even Tony, although that was partly because his sleepless nights were getting too hard to hide from the super spies and mind-readers.
Tony vaguely wondered if he was the
Rogers and Stark were watching on the cameras. There had to be a way to convince them to let them keep them.
Thor dipped his head. “The Scepter may be released to your care. Temporarily.”
He was shattered glass and jagged metal, and he was a broken suit falling through empty space, watching the sky explode above him and trying to breathe through empty lungs.
“No, you will
A suit caught him as the floor he’d been standing on burst into a fiery explosion, but he crashed into a supporting carabiner on his way down and went flying, half of the lighter suit coming off him. His back slammed forcefully against the tarmac of the barge, and he mentally rued the bruises that would be arching up his spine the next day.
“Set us down,” Steve managed, and he was surprised he could speak without screaming.
Then the Extremis-douchebag hit him over the head.
The mages of Vanaheim had pointed him to a distant planet called Xios, where they said the map to the heart of Souls had been stored for thousands of years. But when he got there, the temple was half-caved in, and a pile of ash where the instructions should have laid. Either a trap, or someone had gotten there before him.
And, as all good and bad things begin with, something went wrong.
“Where’d you get the suit, Steve?” Clint asked wryly as they snuck carefully through the window into the Triskelion.
The other Avengers seemed just as affected as Tony had been when he first boarded. Well, except for a few. The raccoon and Nebula strode onto the ship with no hesitation, and Thor and Carol only paused to eye the ship, unimpressed, before climbing aboard. Steve stared up at it, that longing look creeping onto his face, and Tony fought down a pang of whatever feeling that look had evoked once upon a time. He had appreciated Steve’s awe in modern technology for a while. Back when the world was simpler.
“And?”
“The helicarriers aren’t designed for suborbital travel,” Fury said, but there was a twinkle in his eye.
“Ever heard of Thanos?” Stark continued, and Thor went very still.
“So, we’re getting back together again?” Natasha asked in a lull of the conversation. “The Avengers, it’s happening?”
“JARVIS, recover the files Mr. Crazy was trying to delete,” Tony said, gesturing at the computers. “And gimme a scan of the room.”
“‘m glad you’re not dead,” Steve managed. Tony ripped off his gauntlets, and his hands were warm on Steve’s face. “Missed you.”
of giving that thing to SHIELD was that Fury was going to keep an eye on it. What’s the last ping you’ve got on it?”
“What?”
“Forty-five. Three inches below your elbow joint—”
Bruce laughed, patted him on the shoulder, and blushed when Thor boomed, “another victory, Bruce!”
also!!! i know this chapter was pretty confusing timeline-wise. the beginning half of this chapter took place c. 2013-maybe early 2014, and the events of the opening scene of age of ultron took place just before the events of this chapter, but a year early. the second half of this chapter is 2014-15, the timing is not exact. if anyone has ANY questions, or suggestions for other characters or story arcs, leave a comment and i will answer! i have so many notes on the timeline that they all blur together and i forget everyone hasnt seen them.
“Hawkeye,” Steve chided halfheartedly, but he scooped up the shield and kept moving.
When Steve arrived back at SHIELD headquarters, there were junior agents all over the ground floor, staring at Natasha, Clint, and especially Steve and whispering. Natasha pretended not to notice, and Clint glared at them, but Steve was just wondering
The breath froze in Steve’s lungs, and he was seventy years in the past.
Tony wanted to shout. There was no way either of them could have broken the cage that had once held Loki. How could this little witchling have done it?
He raked his fingers through his hair, tugging on it hard, and Rogers still wasn’t speaking up.
She didn’t seem to take comfort in the Iron Man hug, instead, she continued to scream. “Slow down. Slow down, relax. What’s your name? Heather?”
“Oh, my God,” Natasha said. Fury was watching the screen, lips parted, and Clint started pacing the length of the room like a caged animal.
What was immediately apparent was something that scientists even back in his day had said: you wouldn’t recognize yourself if you ran into your clone on the street. Steve’s own face, unmasked, with his cowl hanging off his shoulders, was almost alien to him—had his nose always been that shape? The uniform had changed, too: less gaudy colors and hideous styling choices, if Steve had to say so himself. The material looked reinforced and like it fit much better than Steve’s current uniform.
changing. “And we’ll fix this. We have to.”
Stark had said. Steve hadn’t decided to take that at face value until right now. Steve decided not to press, but his expression must have been giving his curiosity away, because Rogers’ gaze softened.
Clint was right. None of the information that Zola had so far divulged wasn’t anything new. The problem that they were supposed to be solving was that they didn’t know what Project Insight
Loki barked out a laugh. “That sounds like Father.”
He managed to squeeze himself into a gap between the refrigerator and the counter, which Steve found impressive despite himself. Just in the nick of time, too—Stark stormed past him, muttering to himself. His hands were shaking.
In this line of work, it wasn’t exactly a bad thing.
“I’m on lullaby,” she said, worry leaking into her tone. “I can make it there in five.”
“Great,” Clint said dryly. “When do we leave?”
Contrary to what most people thought, Thor was not stupid by any measure. Loki was the trickster, the one who could turn circles around you with a few well-placed words, but Thor was fully capable of reaching a conclusion that was, most of the time, invariably correct. So it was impossible for him to be blind to this particular conclusion.
Sam clearly interpreted that the wrong way. “Is that… a good idea?”
There was a sound of glass shattering and metal crumpling, and when Steve walked into the kitchen the next morning like nothing was amiss, there was a poorly-concealed hole punched through the wall. Stark, when he came into the kitchen, had dark circles under his eyes, and when he saw the damage that Rogers had done, he stiffened, pressed a hand against his chest, and fled the room.
“But he’s down here,” Steve protested as the Hulk roared in Stark’s face, startling him into waking with a shout. “How could—”
“Uh, Tony,” Steve began, but he didn’t have a chance to finish. One leg wrapped around him no problem, but the next part shot past their heads too fast and Tony just barely dodged it. It crashed through the display case of the Mark 27 and Tony sighed, but then barely deflected another poorly-aimed piece that flung itself into a light fixture, sending sparks flying everywhere.
“Here,” a voice croaked, so quiet that Steve barely picked it up with his enhanced hearing. Steve whirled and saw a bloody hand reaching out of a gap in the rubble.
Tony dropped his arms. “I think they all made it.”
She flicked her fingers in the direction of his head, and Tony went… fuzzy.
“Clint, I distinctly recall Fury saying
Natasha’s jaw was set, and Clint was balanced on the balls of his feet. Guns at Natasha’s hips, bow at Clint’s back. It made Steve feel a little better.
Stark smirked at him, and Tony realized that he was going to come up with some sort of reference.
“And the last one is behind an eight-foot steel wall,” Sam allowed.
Tony shrugged at her, not apologetic in the least. “Sorry if I downplayed the importance of my AI that could end the world if someone got a hold of it.”
“Snipers in position,” Clint said. “I’ve got eyes.”
Steve’s expression twisted. “If that’s true, and they’re stuck here… what happens once we reach their point in our future?”
They were still over land. The Florida Keys, maybe the Carribbean.
“What have you done today?” Tony asked incredulously, but then Steve began to shift next to him as though to get up with him. “Not you too!”
“Me too,” Steve admitted. “Do you want to talk about it—?”
“I am,” Thor said, even though he didn’t even know how he felt about it. “I’ve just—come to expect it.”
of safely interfering in Malibu with Hydra still within our ranks? We need to move on the data files that Agent Romanoff collected.”
The car hit them in the rear one more time, and Sam’s poor Chevy spun out. Steve frantically wrapped an arm around both of them and used his shield to knock the car door off. He heard more than saw Clint kick the door open and leap out, shooting a grappling arrow at a building across the street. Their momentum sent them skidding across the highway, and Steve felt the vibrations of the shield scraping against the asphalt down to his bones.
Thor clenched his jaw. “Three stones on one planet? You’re practically begging for trouble. I should take the Scepter and the Tesseract and return them to Asgard—”
“Time is
“Maybe,” Tony answered amiably as static lifted the hairs on the back of Steve’s neck. A tiny bolt of lighting (well, tiny compared to some of the others that Steve had seen Thor summon during the fight) arced downwards from the Tower and collided with the chest plate of the armor. Stark’s hair stood on end, but the chestpiece began to glow.
“Just stick Loki down there for a few days,” Stark suggested, then smirked. “Let him cool down a little.”
Tony covered his face with his hands. “Steve,” he called. “Please come help me, Clint is hallucinating that he has a wife and kids. Let me out before he has a full psychotic break.”
The next day, it was over. The good or bad thing began with a mistake and ended with Thor. Tony was sure of that now.
Steve heard Stark’s footsteps and realized that he was about to storm out of the kitchen. He took several rapid steps backwards, glancing desperately around for a hiding place and rueing his lack of familiarity with this part of the building.
Thor stepped back into Asgard, and he was greeted by the decidedly unpleasant face of a sniveling man in blue armor. “Sorry about that,” he laughed, patting Hofund like it was a toy sword and not perhaps the most important object in Asgard. “Forgot which way the thing turns.”
the only thing that had made him relevant to his team in the first place. His genius had birthed the Iron Man suit, JARVIS, the Avengers—what if something went wrong? What if she sabotaged something? What if she somehow sensed some ill thoughts sitting in the back of Tony’s brain about the entire Obie situation, what if—
“Already?” Tony heard Steve mutter, but Tony ignored him.
that Stark from the future had been so distraught about. He hoped not—this kid had spunk.
“Ultron almost destroyed the world,” Rogers snapped. “You built him, and he murdered dozens.”
He cast one more look around him, at this random planet on the wrong side of the galaxy, which he was fairly certain was populated by Skrulls, and raised Mjolnir to the sky. “Heimdall!”
When Tony ran his fingers along the edge of one of the bomb shadows splayed across the wall, he thought of ripped-out hearts, of flickering, shrinking portals, and an army floating in empty space with no air to breathe, to scream.
. All Rogers had told him was to punch Steve if it turned out he was keeping something from Tony.
They tracked down Thanos fairly quickly for a ‘technologically inferior’ civilization, in the words of Thor, Carol, and the raccoon. It ended up being a simple algorithm designed to track the Stones’ energy signatures. Once he used the Gauntlet again (which didn’t take long, unsurprisingly), they had a lock on his location and they were gunning it for some random planet in the ‘Nova Corps,’ whatever that meant.
“We could crash them,” Natasha offered, gritting her teeth as a SHIELD medic made another stitch in her shoulder. “Override their programming, disconnect them from their satellites, then get them to fire at each other.”
“Admit it, it’s better this way.”
“I cleared this one out before I found you,” Tony said quietly, as though he were reading Steve’s thoughts.
“Sam—” Steve started, because
“Hang on!” she barked, then, a minute later, “Engine room secure.”
“Hey, they warned us,” Clint commented, spinning two chopsticks in between his fingers in varying patterns, for whatever reason. “How many times did Rogers tell you to not keep secrets?”
what they would do,” Stark spat, sounding more incensed than Steve had ever heard him. “They’re not even friends now. They’d kill each other.”
By the time Steve distracted him,Tony had determined that Bruce was thinking of a diatomic element with an atomic number higher than eight, which left fluorine, iodine—
“Some of you were even ordered to hunt me down,” he continued after a slightly-too-long moment. “But I think it’s time you know the truth. SHIELD is not what we thought it was… it’s been taken over by HYDRA. Alexander Pierce is their leader.”
the watch went off.
They all turned to stare at him once more. “Come again?” said Tony.
anticlimactic, not more. So, it was climactic, he supposed. Because he had only expected minor changes to both him and Stark. Changes, yes, of course, because that was natural, but Steve had been asleep for seventy years—how much could they have changed in only a few more?
A beat. “I have no concern about your future.”
“Thank you,” Steve managed, and ducked in to hug him so hard his ribs creaked.
Thanos was, of all things,
aspect of that sentence. “Okay.”
“Thirty seconds, Cap.”
Steve took that as an invitation and sat down in the armchair beside the sofa. “So,” He said, smiling wryly. “What’s the future like?”
“Thanks,” he said. “It’s not necessary, but… thank you.”
Five minutes, a whole lot of pulling from Steve’s end, and a lot of creaking metal later, Tony was on his feet. The billionaire eyed the entrance to the Tower dubiously and then said, “Thor, zap me, would you?”
“You can’t even see his face,” Steve complained to Tony. The armor grated when he tried to shrug.
“Why are you coming here now?” he clarified. “Where’ve you been? I keep half an eye on Midgard just in case something weird happens, you know those humans—”
and here his voice changed, warped, and the air wavered around him for a moment. A headache began to throb at Tony’s temples as he realized that
“There’s gotta be a way to track it,” Bruce was spewing, twisting the sleeves of his sweater between his fingers, an anxious tick. It was late and Tony was bone-tired, but they were still awake because today had been an abysmal failure. “I mean, the Infinity Stones emit
“The notion escapes me, sir.”
Darkness.
“I don’t believe you,” Wanda said smugly. She raised a glowing hand.
Tony’s cheeks flamed, and Steve’s ears went fire-engine red.
“Crap,” he muttered, smacking at where the implants were, and Steve flipped his visor up, smirking. Tony jabbed a finger at him. “Don’t you say it—”
He refused to think about their future selves’ relationship. He wouldn’t. He and Steve had done nothing but fight this whole time. Getting along was a goal that would probably never be reached.
cold.
Even though he was the one who had initiated the kiss, Steve’s brain shut down. Tony was initially frozen against him, his lips tangy with licked-away blood, but he relaxed after a moment, his mouth molding to Steve’s.
“Tony,” Steve chastised halfheartedly. Tony ignored him, and Butterfingers handed Steve the makeshift helmet. “Thank you, Butterfingers.”
Squealing metal and nails on a chalkboard. A voice. Sharp pain in his side, his arm, like a phantom pain of a wound that he’d never had.
Thor thought he said something else vaguely affirmative, but he was lost in his suddenly whirling thoughts. Odin’s bizarre reaction when he’d brought up the name Hela, followed by his apparent lack of recollection on the topic. Sending Thor away from Asgard, the only person who saw everything that anyone did suddenly exiled…
“You’ve got it all wrong,” Tony breathed. “She was my best friend. You couldn’t have caught her, she never would’ve let you.”
Bruce didn’t look convinced, but he had released the cuffs of his sweater from their stranglehold. Most of his nervous energy seemed to have drained right out of him through Thor’s contact.
“You forgot your goddamn parachute, moron!” Clint yelled after him in revenge. Steve heard Hill start to berate Clint about
“Illegitimate child,” said Clint.
“Captain Rogers, Agent Romanoff, and Agent Barton have been declared fugitives of SHIELD. Director Fury has also been killed in action.”
“No more false faces,” he managed through singed vocal chords. “You said you wanted the Mandarin… you’re looking right at him.” Killian was healing before his very eyes, and Tony resisted the urge to scooch backwards on his butt. “I am the Mandarin!” Killian roared melodramatically, spreading his ruined arms and looming over Tony.
Another went flying past his head and broke off some of the piping running up the wall. Steve yelped and ducked another, half-hiding behind the table. Tony retrieved another leg before the back piece sent him stumbling off of the raised platform he was standing on. He narrowly activated his repulsors, snapping out, “Cool it, will you JARVIS?” before the rest of the pieces assembled together.
Natasha leapt into the narrow gap. Clint stared wide-eyed at a flickering image of Coulson’s face, reading NEUTRALIZED.
A year after Thor left, the Avengers had expanded into an even larger family unit all contained in Tony’s Tower, and he wasn’t even mad about it.
Tony shook his head no. “It was just… pain. But I know what it’s like to worry about Thanos.”
They drilled their way out through a hole in the bottom of the truck and made their way to some old, abandoned manor. It was covered in curling wild vines that nearly masked the dusty stained glass windows. Recent tire tracks and a few SHIELD-issue cars parked outside were the only signs of habitation.
Heat of the moment, yeah, I’ll give it to you, I probably wouldn’t have had the best reaction. But being tortured for
(Thor hadn’t been in the drawing. Steve had almost been afraid that he was dead. Gone.)
They’d gotten the news that Fury had been killed by a masked man with a metal arm
on the glass behind Tony. The inventor startled so badly he stumbled into Steve’s chest.
“Get out of the country, for starters,” Steve snapped. Natasha and Clint were both smirking, and Steve jerked his hand over his throat in the universal
“Okay, Cap, get out of there,” Hill ordered, but Bucky had just reloaded his gun.
“His codename is literally Hawkeye!” Tony defended indignantly. “He brought it upon himself!”
thinking,” Tony declared imperiously, “
gesture and narrowly deflected another flying piece. “little bit.”
“We were ten years old. Having dinner, the four of us.” Neither of them seemed fazed by the non-sequitur that he had just spoken. There was an entranced quality to his voice, as though he’d been returned to the moment that this had happened. “When the first shell hits two floors below, it makes a hole in the floor. It’s big,” he continued, gesturing with his hands. Wanda had turned her face away, hiding in the shadows of the ruined cell.
“Take your helmet off,” Steve told him, his voice strained.
“As you wish, sir. I’ve also prepared a safety briefing for you to entirely ignore.”
It was much less anticlimactic than Steve expected. And yes, he meant
“Tony, I’ve got the President and I’m heading out."
“Me too, buddy,” Tony said, looking back at the half-feral girl hurling energy at the cell wall as Steve led him from the room. “Me, too.”
“It wasn’t his fault,” Tony told Steve, realizing that he’d zoned out. “I’ve had a lot of time to think about it. And a lot of therapeutic destruction. It was HYDRA.”
“We’ll face him,” Steve said confidently. “We’ll do it together.”
Tony primed the jet with a push of a button on his phone, and called the suit with another. It took the team ten minutes to change into their combat outfits, so he and Bruce sat by the plane playing twenty questions.
Thor gazed at both of them miserably, and the lightning went out. “Yes,” he said solemnly. “I’m sorry.”
“Son of a bitch,” Steve remarked, trying to suppress his relieved smile.
Maria Hill’s voice whispered, and Steve felt a tingle of disgust) spat hatred at him in French and indulged in a series of flips before Steve knocked them both straight through the door of the file room. He raised his fist and left Batroc’s body where it lay.
Tony jerked his head for Rhodey to come over and converse, and muttered, “So?”
There was a moment of silence, and then Tony’s body betrayed him. He yawned hugely.
“So why don’t you just build something?”
She let go and only clutched Tony with one arm, which he fully respected. The first time that he’d scooped Clint up in an embrace like this, he’d clung to him, refusing to let go for half of the trip.
“How?” Tony demanded, scrambling to his feet. Pepper turned to face him, eyes wild and shining, and muttered something about violence. “JARVIS, what are they going to do?”
“We were ten years old. Having dinner, the four of us.” Neither of them seemed fazed by the non-sequitur that he had just spoken. There was an entranced quality to his voice, as though he’d been returned to the moment that this had happened. “When the first shell hits two floors below, it makes a hole in the floor. It’s big,” he continued, gesturing with his hands. Wanda had turned her face away, hiding in the shadows of the ruined cell.
“Avenge what, dickhead?” Tony yelled back, and Bruce burst out laughing. If it was slightly hysterical, no one called him out on it. They were all a little insane, anyway.
Oh, joy.
And then… well, Steve had never seen Tony Stark cry.
Steve pulled the emergency brake hard as Bucky fired through the roof: Clint pressed himself as far under the seat as he could manage, and Steve shoved the shield at him. Natasha leapt to get into the passenger seat with him. Her weight pressed uncomfortably against his stomach, but his attention was fixed on the figure crouched outside on the freeway.
Thor, who for some reason had decided to hang out in the lab with them, set a steady hand on Bruce’s shoulder. “They’re immensely powerful,” he rumbled in that impossibly deep voice of his. “But you humans, I’ve found, are quite clever when it comes to disguising these things. We’ll find it.”
to Steve, and he laughed. “All right, I think we got this. Send them all.”
No one tried to stop him as he swept through the royal palace. He recognized a few dutches and foreign dignitaries, and offered his best nod, but he was fairly certain that his expression was certainly living up to his title at the moment.
“Sir, might I remind you that you’ve been awake for nearly seventy-two hours?” JARVIS’s voice rang through the room.
“I have to go to DC,” Steve said, and in Tony’s distraction, the stray piece of armor embedded in the Mark 27 shot out and knocked Tony over. He felt the armor’s integrity collapse and the pieces scatter everywhere, and he groaned.
was long gone. “The Stones aren’t safe here, Time is already here, we can’t risk him noticing—”
Tony burst out laughing. “Thor, you scared the new guy.”
Stones? Steve shifted his weight, trying not to betray his confusion too badly. His double still eyed him knowingly. What were the Infinity Stones?
“The wall to your left,” JARVIS said after a moment, the suit bent over the flashing monitors. “I’m reading steel reinforcement, and an air current.”
“You own an entire Kingdom in Disney World,” Natasha informed him. “Shut up.”
“Sir?”
“Thor’s right,” Tony said when he realized he hadn’t actually said anything in a few minutes. “We ticked off two bases already. By the time HYDRA realizes what’s going on, it’ll be too late.”
“We don’t know it’s him,” Steve said, admittedly pathetic.
Old files spoke of plans for helicarriers equipped with firepower to wipe out anyone who stood in Hydra’s way. Helicarriers that were equipped with repulsor technology—
“One minute.”
“No,” Steve said softly, feeling a tinge of amusement as he glimpsed Thor begin to rouse as well. “You both got whammied.”
Steve made a choked sputtering sound, but Tony entirely ignored both of them, instead focusing on the camera that U was holding. “Start tight and then go wide. Stamp date and time. Oh, Butterfingers, do we have, um, get Steve a helmet, do we have helmets down here?”
Tony immediately perked up, as did Stark, which Steve didn’t think he’d ever stop being amused at. “What kind of anomaly?” they asked at the same time, and Bruce snorted.
Tony slid to his knees in a phone booth in the middle of nowhere in Tennessee, and his lungs felt so tight he worried the arc reactor would combust.
“Fine, it’s fine,” Tony breathed, running a hand through his sweaty hair. “I’m just going to shower.”
Thor winced. “I believe we have been inadvertently making it easier for him to collect the Stones. In the entire universe, four of the six Infinity Stones have been here in the past year. Two of them are still present.”
“We do,” Thor said, speaking for the first time in a long while. “I saw it. I have to…”
“People are gonna die, Buck,” he said helplessly, knowing in his heart that it was hopeless but trying anyway. “I can’t let that happen. Please… don’t make me do this."
“How many can I carry?”
“She’s fine,” Steve confirmed. “Still out, though.”
“You guys want to meet our Thor?” Stark asked, an excited spark in his eyes. And Steve had to admit, he did.
i hope everyone is doing their best to support black lives matter and other important movements in these turbulent and important times <3 sending good and healthy vibes to everyone!!
“That’s enough,” Steve interrupted hastily. He didn’t want to hear his cruel words reflected back at him before he could properly apologize. “Thor, get them to Stark Tower. The top floor. Um, maybe grab Loki first.”
That was certainly a mood-killer. Steve straightened. “Bruce, Tony, is there any way—”
JARVIS told him that the Mandarin was broadcasting from Miami, then continued, “Sir, there is… other news.”
“Sokovia?” Clint said dubiously, studying the map. “I dunno, Cap, seems like a long shot. Why would they drag the Scepter all the way out there? It’s out of range of basically every industrialized country, why—”
where Tony was. “JARVIS?”
The hustle and bustle of the kitchen went still. Bruce turned off the stove and turned fully around, and Thor leaned forward on his stool. “How is that possible?"
“Of course, sir.”
“I think this takes precedence, sir,” Clint said hotly, but Fury held up a hand.
“I can certainly convince my father that I have a reason to stay here if Loki’s scepter is in the wind,” Thor reasoned with a mischievous spark in his eye.
He stuck his arm out in the movement that he’d programmed to summon the Iron Man suit.
of trains.
“What if we let them launch?” Sam burst out suddenly, and everyone in the room turned to stare.
“Top half of the Tower’s pretty damaged, but the ground floors are still outfitted with apartments and the works. I mean, if you want.”
“Because I faked my death and you didn’t get my voicemail so it seemed like I swooped in from beyond the grave to save you!”
“Mr. Stark discovered a secret door leading down to a lower level of this fortress,” JARVIS reported immediately. “He made his way down, but the Iron Man suit is still on the upper level, except for the left arm. I cannot pinpoint what hostiles may be down there—”
go back to bed.
Steve first noticed the tension between their future selves right around then—the first day, really, of what would hopefully be less than seven. Namely, the high concentration of it.
of the gun. Two bullets left.
“Okay,” he said, a deceptive calm falling over his shoulders. Tony shot him an inquisitive look, and Natasha frowned in their direction. “Okay.”
“You do not need to decide now,” Thor interrupted. “But I think we all agree that you will always be welcome here.”
“I knew these would come in handy,” Tony said wryly, rapping his knuckles against the glass. “I turned the heat up, though.”
He didn’t say anything.
“Okay,” Tony breathed out, clenching his fingers forcefully around his upper arms to still their shaking. “Okay."
Stark interrupted shrilly. “Once they realize he’s alive and what he did, they’re going to start disagreeing right away, you know they are.”
Tony had been angry at first. He had stormed out of the room when Steve told him, gone down to the lab, and blown up half of the prototypes that he had on his workbench. He still wasn’t sure exactly how he felt about it: it was less of a conscious feeling than a mixture of resentment, grief, anger, but also pity and empathy.
and he pounded on the chest plate with his free hand so hard that the metal dented.
“No, no, no. I think he was trying to say,
“More than you!” Tony agreed. “So why did this even happen to them? How did they use the Scepter to do—”
Later, he would hear of the broken plating and the bruises of an iron cable around the neck, the fear of being dragged to the bottom of the ocean, crushed by concrete, trapped in a metal coffin. Later, he would listen to a desperate voicemail, a stolen poncho and a malfunctioning suit, but now, he stared at the smoldering wreckage and the watery grave of Tony Stark, and his hands shook.
“So, what’re you gonna do now, Cap?”
hello..
“All right, settle down,” Steve called in his Captain voice. “We’re gonna go over an entry plan. We’ve got the element of surprise. Let’s use it.
Steve picked up the cries of protest of the communications workers as they ripped out their earpieces. A moment later, a kid who couldn’t be more than twenty-five opened the door and came face-to-face with Clint’s bow.
“In position, Cap,” Maria Hill called from the cockpit. Steve pulled a face at Clint from over his shoulder before he stepped off of the plane’s ramp into the open air.
“My brother is skilled in the art of
“Is it still in the cards to not let them launch?” Clint asked, twirling an arrow between his fingers.
“I’m not gonna fight you,” Steve said, holding his shield in front of his torso. “But I’m not gonna let you override this kill switch either.”
“I know, it’s… it’s embarrassing,” Tony said, waving a hand.
“I care about you,” Tony continued. “I really, really do. And you care about him, so I do, too.”
“The tone that you said that in did
The drive was still in the port.
Natasha had backed into the corner, all hard lines and sharp edges. Tony couldn’t blame her: after all, her partner was upstairs, wounded, unable to watch her back. Thor was still white as a sheet, clutching the railing like it was the only thing keeping him upright.
He dove between Killian’s legs and straight off the side of the walkway. His suit closed around him, and JARVIS said, “Sir, I have an update on Captain Rogers.”
“I know it’s not my fault, it’s—goddammit, you dramatic—”
JARVIS didn’t comment on the probability of her survival. Instead, he began on his report on Steve. “The uprooting of HYDRA has not gone exactly to plan,” he reported as Tony spun out the way of a blast of fire from Killian. “Sergeant Barnes has come into the field. Director Fury is dead—” Tony faltered in his turn and scraped against the hulk of the ship with a discordant screech.
here we are, exactly three months later......
“We nearly got the Gauntlet off him. I drew his blood and he threw a moon at my face. Thor absorbed the power of a neutron star. You know how hot that is, Rogers? It’s pretty damn hot,” Stark said without waiting for a response. “And what did you do?
“The early bird gets the worm,” he mused, “but the second mouse gets the cheese.”
“What kind of algorithm—what does it do?” Natasha asked, her voice needle-sharp. The soft edges of the striped hoodie that she wore belied the harsh lines of her shoulders, her neck.
On day eight of seven, when Tony no longer felt like his head was going to combust with his pure, unadulterated fury towards his Steve, they were too late. The Scepter was gone, confiscated, out of their reach. Tony was loath to argue with Pierce and Rumlow, especially with their affinity towards many-headed organizations that tended to blow up whoever got in their way. Thor had agreed to stay in the Tower for a little while longer for them to continue using the Tesseract, but without the Mind Stone, the cause was practically lost. Tony was going to be stuck in 2012 for the rest of his life.
The helicarrier rocked suddenly as it lurched into motion, and Bucky stumbled over a metal strut and fell on his side. They were accelerating very fast: much faster than the helicarrier from the attack on New York had been, and Steve’s ears popped as they rose above the clouds.
Thor sighed heavily, and he wished he could sit down and just… rest. He hadn’t had any true respite in about a year now: by product of his nature and his lightning, he could go for weeks without sleeping, and escaping the dreams had seemed worth it at the time. Now, Thor was just tired. “Have you ever heard the name Hela?”
“It gets better,” He said, and Steve froze. “Feels less like you’re a fish out of water and more like you belong. You make friends. Both new and old. Just… just watch your back. And listen to Tony—your Tony. He’s right about more than you know.”
Uneasiness ran from Tony’s chest all the way down to his toes. There was absolutely zero way that he wanted
He thought about Tony’s smile, so bright despite everything that had happened to him, everything he’d gone through. The way that he looked at Steve when he thought Steve wasn’t looking, the way that he hugged whatever that was next to him when he fell asleep, that one time when that thing had happened to be Steve’s arm. That manic energy of his, how he tried to find Bucky and dig into SHIELD’s files to root out HYDRA, because he knew how much it meant, not just to Steve, but to the world at large.
Steve turned to look at the TV. There was live footage projected up on the screen from a news helicopter. The cameraman was good: he had a perfect angle of the series of missiles shooting straight for Tony’s home.
Are you insulting my self-care habits—whoa, how did I manage to plan out how to fit an entire ice-cream maker into the suit? This doesn’t even make sense, this is like something Clint would demand that I build into his quiver and then decide that it was too bulky and then I’d have to give him back his old one and he wouldn’t notice, JARVIS, who approved this?”
“Language,” Steve chided absently, and Tony laughed at the absurdity of it all.
“Forty-six. Sir, please may I request just a few hours to calibrate—”
“How many in the air?”
There was no sting left in Stark’s words. Steve hadn’t known either of them for very long, and social cues had changed hugely since the 40s, but even he could recognize that Stark was trying his best to avoid breaking down completely.
Stark demanded, and he was practically yelling now. His voice was growing higher. Hysterical. “What
Interesting, how time changed one’s perspective.
Tony jerked his wrists again, heedless of the pain and the new blood dripping down his wrists. Killian rose to his feet. “We haven’t even talked salary yet!” he exclaimed, then, in a sudden mood swing that Tony hadn’t anticipated, he wrapped a glowing hand around Tony’s throat.
Steve rolled his eyes, ignoring the Tony Stark-esque ass comment. “Keep moving.”
and Tony watched as Wanda glowed and pieced the broken shards back together.
“You are going to owe me
Natasha huffed. “I’ll make do.”
that was almost left in the stardust. It was sobering, these Avengers that didn’t know each other, didn’t
Tony just stared. Finally, he settled on, “You are a maniac.”
“Tony,” Steve interrupted smoothly. “I’d be honored.”
“I didn’t think anyone would be awake,” Barnes grumbled, sounding
“You’re always welcome to stay with me,” Tony blurted before he could stop himself.
He hadn’t had one for months, but now—
“Thirty seconds, tops—” Natasha began, then froze. Steve spun just in time to see Batroc hurl a grenade and bolt out the door.
Sometimes Tony thought they would be okay. Like in moments like these, or when they all sat around a table together, laughing until their sides cramped, or when they got shipped into the middle of the Atlantic to fight a mutated squid and Sam and Pietro took turns telling bad calamari jokes.
“You didn’t exactly do that on purpose, sir,” JARVIS said dryly, then an urgent note came into his voice. “Sir, look out—”
Trevor stuck a hand out to shake Rhodey’s. “Hi, Trevor, Trevor Slatt—” Rhodey swatted his hand away, but all he did was hesitate a moment before finishing, “—ery. I know, I’m shorter in person, a bit smaller. Everybody says that. But, um, hey, if you’re here to arrest me, there’s some people I’d like to roll on—”
The water approached him way too quickly for his liking, but the Firecracker suit caught him by the arm and enfolded him again. “Continue, JARVIS,” he ordered, and another explosion shook the ship before JARVIS highlighted the War Machine armor flying out of the scene, the President clinging to the side.
“Whatever, man.” His eyes were scared, horribly vulnerable, and Steve realized—
“Oh, I do like them better than you.”
“I hate all of you,” Tony announced, and shut down the video feed.
“Mmm, kind of,” Tony said. “Meet me inside, I’ve got someone for you to meet.”
The agents were screaming, but Steve didn’t think they would be screaming for the same reason that he was. He tried to turn to look, but all he heard was a metallic
Steve raised his eyebrows, but didn’t bother asking what had incentivized that project.
Suddenly, Stark’s voice was pitched low and sounded very, very tired.
“Yeah, well, we’ll kill you first,” Clint told him evenly. “So keep talking.”
Chunky-monkey stared up at them, his teeth bared, ready to scream again. “Hello,” Tony told him, and then they all connected
Steve lost himself in the rhythm of punch, dodge, throw, and did his best to not think too much. Natasha recited an affirmative, and then comms went silent.
“Tony,” Steve chided, looking far more composed than he had a minute earlier.
He was wrong.
He went weightless, his center of gravity rising out of his chest and up his throat, but he didn’t have the breath to scream.
“Didn’t realize my voice was so obnoxious.”
“You’re going to be hanging out with Clint for a little while,” Steve told him, hoisting him upright. “Medbay time for you.”
“You guys didn’t let DUM-E make this, did you?”`
The noise that Steve’s phone made when it crumpled in his fist made him think of how the Iron Man suit must have crumpled under all of that wreckage.
That guy is immortal. If I could fake my own death, then he definitely can.”
Tony bolted. He taunted her, luring her, get her away from the people get her
The water tower dropped, sweeping Tony through the shattered metal and broken wood, and he was stuck he was trapped he was stuck he was trapped. The Extremis man sneered at him and said, “Anyway,” he picked up Harley and braced a molten hand against his chest. “Kid, what would you like for Christmas?”
“I’m married with kids,” Clint repeated, then giggled a little. It seemed like the painkillers were still wearing off, but then again, Tony wasn’t 100% sure this wasn’t entirely a hallucination. “Laura n’ Cooper n’ Lila."
Another thing Steve noticed was what a cynic that his future self had become. Steve tried (and struggled, most of the time) to maintain a somewhat optimistic outlook on life. Tony had already begun teasing him about it—when he wasn’t in the lab, messing around with the Tesseract and the Scepter with Stark and Bruce, he was deliberately misquoting Steve’s own words at him.
“Doom the entire universe,” Rogers repeated half-heartedly. “Yeah, that would suck.”
as Bucky rolled off the car onto the armored truck behind them.
Steve practically flung his shield aside when he found Tony, crumpled on his side with an Iron Man gauntlet around his left hand. His nose was bleeding, and he had a cut along his cheekbone, but that was the only sign of injury.
to removing his head from his shoulders when the purple giant stiffened, raised a hand, and hit Thor squarely in the stomach with a full-powered blast.
of it.
The suit spat him out backwards as Killian split it in half, and Tony landed hard on his back. The arc reactor jarred in its casing, and his vision exploded into white spots.
Conclusion: HYDRA had killed his parents, not Bucky Barnes.
This Thor had short-cropped hair and wore fighting leathers that covered only his left arm instead of the heavy metal armor. He didn’t have any weapon on him (the hammer was a conspicuous absence on his hip), but Steve did notice a fragment of shattered metal on a thin chain around his neck. The right side of his face was ravaged with scars, and an eyepatch covered his right eye.
“You’re zip-tied to a bed,” he told Tony as if he didn’t know that already, and then the gauntlet closed over his fist.
“I won’t be able to stay,” Thor said mournfully. “Asgard was sacked in the war against Svartalfheim. I’ve really been gone too long, but…” he shrugged and said nothing more. There was obviously something else, something he wanted to say but couldn’t, but Tony wouldn’t push too soon.
“I will call Captain Rogers—” JARVIS began, but Tony waved him off.
“How?” Tony snapped breathlessly. “The propellers—”
“Do you even know what that means, man?” Sam asked.
but Sam waved his hands frantically.
“No worries,” Steve said easily, rising to his feet. “Nightmares?”
It wasn’t painful like last time, which Tony was infinitely thankful for. She wasn’t being
“There are no earthquakes in New York,” Tony said, like this was a normal occurrence.
a voice in Tony’s head whispered.
“They’re initiating launch,” Maria said tersely over comms.
Pierce’s expression turned mulish and his mouth twisted into a frown. “The Tesseract has been in SHIELD custody for nearly sixty years—”
“How can you know?” Bruce asked, wringing his hands together. “I mean, the Couple said that this didn’t start happening until 2015, and Thanos arrived in 2018, how—”
Natasha tilted her head wryly. “SHIELD.”
“You understand nothing,” a voice hissed, thickened by an Eastern European accent and guttural with hatred, and more energy washed over Thor’s chest. He was thrown back a step, and sparks began to curl in the air.
The terrible thing was, they didn’t. Neither did his past self, nor Bruce, nor Jane Foster or Erik Selvig, both of whom were dusted and dead, very, very dead, on his world. Without the Time and Mind Stones, they were screwed.
Tony remotely shoved the stupid Extremis guy against the wall of Air Force One and snarled, “
“I’m with you to the end of the line,” Steve yelled at the top of his lungs, one last-ditch effort before they were stranded for good.
Sitting in a HYDRA detention van, watching Natasha bleed out and Clint jerk futilely against his bonds, Steve bowed his head. This had been because of
suspicious entourage. Steve walked with the girl slung limp over his shoulder and Tony’s hand clasped in his free one. Thor, despite not looking at all up for carrying anything lighter than a feather, picked up the boy like it was nothing. Although, come to think of it, he probably weighed less than a feather to Thor. The demigod, too, had his free hand wrapped in Natasha’s free one, but Steve was sure that in this case, it was platonic. Natasha was probably trying to steady Thor in the only way she knew how; Thor seeking comfort in a friend after… whatever he had seen.
“Only when you asked me about it before you left.”
Someone began pounding on the bay doors, shouting for someone to open them, and Steve startled.
“What are we gonna do?” Rhodey hissed. “I mean, we don’t have any means of transport.”
Their strongest Avengers both mumbled goodnights and shuffled out. Tony smiled fondly to himself.
Another hour saw Clint staring at Sam as he revealed that he’d been involved in the Falcon project with unmasked awe in his eyes. “I saw you once,” he said, and Sam raised an eyebrow at him.
“You’ll pay,” she spat, and shot a hand toward Thor. A stream of red, glowing energy collided with Thor’s head in the same moment that Natasha came from the shadows and jammed the girl in the neck with her Widow’s Bites.
comments mean a lot to me [as do kudos etc, obviously] because i love hearing from you!!
Thor collapsed to his knees in tandem with the witch, and his eyes glowed red too.
They started to fall, and right before Steve closed his eyes so he didn’t have to see himself hit the pavement, they cut back in. Stark whooped, and Steve belatedly realized that they had at least two other team members who could fly, not to mention whoever else was up in the Tower.
Oh, boy.
“He doesn’t even know yet,” Rogers protested, sounding aggrieved. “There’d be nothing to be mad about—”
From the scorn in Stark’s voice, Steve gathered that was a bad thing. He felt a twinge of sympathy for his double, but mostly he was confused. Who could throw a moon? And to be quite honest, he wasn’t really sure what a neutron star was.
“It’s starting,” Thor interrupted. “The Stones. It’s starting.”
Since he was a responsible adult who owned a significant portion of Disney World, Tony stuck out his tongue and blew her a raspberry.
“There was a missile strike ordered against them at Camp Lehigh, New Jersey. However, there are no confirmed casualties. They are okay, sir.”
“No!” Steve screamed, realizing what he was trying to do. But too late.
of the stones if I only have two here. Well, I guess the Time Stone
Thor had been in the drawing the whole time.
“Tony,” Steve said, reaching out to jostle him. “Tony, wake up.”
Tony repeated. “What do you mean, the Time Stone?”
“Thor’s a highly dangerous alien artifact,” Stark grumbled later. “He’s older than those assholes’ great-great-great-great-grandfathers. Hey, does Fury know they’re H—”
“Thor!”
Steve stared at Bucky from across the catwalk, looking like a wounded animal ready to fight himself out of danger no matter what it took, and something panged deep in his stomach.
“Zola’s algorithm is a list!” he squealed. Natasha smiled serenely.
He met Tony’s gaze and shot her in the chest. She choked on the blood filling up her lungs before she collapsed. Another wound carved itself into Tony’s heart.
“Sir, I’m afraid that I cannot locate Loki’s Scepter.”
“Why do all this?”
Days later, after his mother’s and Loki’s deaths, Thor asked again. Odin looked at him blankly, like he had no idea what Thor was talking about, and suggested he take some time off.
He had seen men like that in the war; mostly men that they encountered and freed from the POW camps. Like they couldn’t imagine anything except more violence, another stab in the back. He flinched at loud noises, kept a larger-than-necessary distance between himself and the two Asgardian artifacts.
The Iron Man suit continued to fall, limp, and Thor growled, “He’s not slowing down,” and started whirling his hammer in a circle.
