“Besides, John, the entire subject of soulmates is pointless. I obviously don’t have one so why would I clutter my mind with such idiotic details when I could simply use that space for something else.”
Jim knew that he had a jealous streak. He really didn’t like others playing with his toys, unless it led him to a better toy. And
It had been different kissing a man, and yet wasn’t too different at all. Jim had soft lips, minus the injury, and he had been quite compliant underneath John’s own, but there was a hardness to him as well that was missing from women. Not to mention that has John’s hand had slipped into Jim’s short hair, had heard the quiet grunt from the other man, he considered that he now knew what Jim looked like without a shirt on, and it most decidedly was not unpleasant.
It was mundane things, really. All the things he couldn’t talk about with Sherlock, like his patients, what he’d eaten that day, or just whatever random thought burst into his head that moment. As well, there was no denying that many of the texts took on a distinctly flirty undertone, if not a blatant overtone. He wouldn’t deny that Jim’s attentions boosted his ego some. Wasn’t it a known thing that gay blokes had high standards? If one of them liked John, and a fit one at that, well then that had to say something complimentary about John himself, didn’t it?
notice. And I frequently require your medical expertise. You’ve agreed to accompany me on these cases since the start of our acquaintance, unless you’ve suddenly changed your mind and have decided you no longer wish to work with me as my assistant.”
The doctor/nurse, whose name he found out was John, visited him in his room probably more than was strictly necessary, and just gave Sherlock an amused look whenever the detective told him to fight him, which was frequently all Sherlock could tell him. If it wasn’t Sherlock sleepy or drugged and barely able to string together a coherent thought, it was Sherlock completely flabbergasted by the fact that Nurse John seemed to not be put off at all by Sherlock’s continued observations, which always left Sherlock feeling vaguely discomfited and hiding behind invitations to fight.
The man moved forward, placing the flowers on the bedside table, causing Sherlock to scowl at them. Hateful things. He’d bin them again later. He had more important things to discuss.
John waited, clenching his hand into a fist at his side, and resisted the very real urge to slam it into his desk or wall. A few minutes later, quiet footsteps approached, but the soft clack of small heels on the linoleum told him it wasn’t who he’d wanted it to be.
“Some Metroline accident,” Becca shrugged. “Not enough for the A&E, so they’re here.” She dropped her voice then, murmuring out of the side of her mouth for just John to hear. “Sprained wrists and whiplash, a few bumps and bruises…but you’d think they were dying with how they’re going on about it all,” she mildly complained.
John studied Sherlock, who studied John in turn, before smiling and pushing back the wild curls of Sherlock’s fringe. “So,” he said musingly, “I guess I actually don’t want to have sex with you. Sex with you doesn’t exist in our reality, and I don’t want what it would be. I just want you. In my arms. Your lips against mine. Your heart beating in harmony with my own. I don’t care that you’re asexual, Sherlock. I don’t love you in spite of it. I love all of you, and that includes your sexuality.”
Back in the familiar position of kneeling above a warm and willing lover, John let out a small growl of happiness before taking control of the kiss. He was comfortable in this position, in control, though his hands faltered for a second as they went to grasp full breasts that weren’t there.
“Of course I love you, you daft twit,” John huffed in short laughter. “How could you possibly doubt that? Even Mary knew that.”
—was just leaving the lamentable hospital cafeteria, two steaming cups of coffee in hand, but obviously not paying too much attention as he was muttering under his breath about incorrigible geniuses and foot fungus. Not one of Jim’s plans, so he paid it no mind. Instead, he waited, counted the seconds, and then turned the corner.
Sherlock shifted, clumsily, trying to mimic what he’d seen in the pornography he watched, though it lacked the grace and John ended up pushing Sherlock a little bit away as he tumbled too near, pulling his mouth away as he softly panted.
Rape, John had called it. It brought to mind what else Sherlock had read about. Corrective Rape, though many rejected that term as it brought to mind that something needed to be fixed, was still a problem around the world. Homosexuals as well as asexuals, anyone who didn’t fit in a heterosexual point of view really, were frequently raped in some ignorant attempt to turn the victim heterosexual, as though it were a learned ability.
“All ready to go?” he asked, but before Sherlock could send him a cutting remark about obviousness, his brows furrowed in mild confusion as he took in Sherlock’s cup. “What’s that say on your cup?”
Really, it was Sherlock’s own fault that John let out a deep moan, causing Sherlock to freeze in shock again. John was about to pull away and apologise when Sherlock let out a small growl and pulled John in closer, one hand moving to slide down John’s back to cup his arse through his jeans and pull him in closer. John’s body certainly took an interest in that, and he could feel himself twitch in question, but he was also aware that Sherlock was still sick, or at least recovering from illness. With a force of will he really hadn’t known he had, he forced himself to pull away.
John watched, a little bemused, as Jim threw him another small smile before hurrying away as though embarrassed. He didn’t quite know what to do with what just happened. He blinked, looking down at his palm, finding a phone number and a little smiley face written there in blue ink. Right. So…so he’d just got a bloke’s number.
That was another thing he had studied regarding his sexuality. For all of Sherlock’s knowledge of the scientific definition of asexuality, he hadn’t known anything about the sexual orientation until he’d began looking it up. He’d joined some forums, some chat rooms, discussing with others like him what it meant. He had been pleased to know that asexual was more an umbrella term, and that there was such a wide array of them on the spectrum, but mostly he was just glad to know that he was not alone in these feelings.
John’s eyes fluttered closed, his breathing growing a touch shallow, and he arched under the consulting detective above him. “Sherlock…”
If Sherlock did this, maybe, just maybe, John might stick around for a little while longer. That was worth all the pain, all the discomfort, and all the anxiety in the world.
Lestrade blinked and reared back slightly in confusion at the acidic glare sent his way by the younger man in the bed. “What?”
he ever been truly serious about a woman? He tried to remember, but even Sarah had been…well, he hated to admit it, more convenient than serious, in retrospect. Which he had known instinctively and already accepted, but admitting that he hadn’t liked her all
When the day came for Sherlock to finally be released from the prison of his hospital bed, Sherlock felt…not as overjoyed as he had thought he would be. Something tugged at him, and he had an idea of what it was. He fiddled with the button of his suit jacket, hesitating, wondering if he’d show up, if he even knew…
Hello! I'm terribly sorry for the long wait, but seriously. Life is insane right now. Finished one semester of college, then it was immediately my *coughcoughthirtiethcough* birthday, then I've been babysitting my goddaughter like mad because her mother, my bestie, is getting ready to pop out my newest nephew (surgery is next week) and THEN summer semester starts right on up! So I'm going to be between that, hopefully getting a job at the campus library, and babysitting a lot this summer. So listen, I want to thank you all for your incredible patience while I've dealt with a busy life (and that isn't going to quit soon) and writer's block. You are all amazing and I love each and everyone one of you.
As you might have noticed, the rating of this story has changed from Mature to Explicit to reflect future content I plan to include. You might just get a little taste of it with this chapter, too... ;)
John gave Sherlock a look that was full of such naked affection and tenderness that it physically hurt the man, his chest thumping heavily as his stomach twisted, and he had to take several slow breathes before he felt like he could regain his equilibrium. John tugged on his hand again, and this time he moved closer quite willingly, leaning down again to take John’s lips in a much slower kiss that shot down Sherlock’s spine to make his toes curl.
Of course, now it was Jim’s turn to feel that frustration, and this time it tasted sour. Still, John was open to continuing to see him, as he knew the doctor would be when Jim pulled the self-hatred card, inciting John’s pity and pulling him deeper and deeper in Jim’s web. Jim just had to pluck the strings carefully, and soon John Watson would be his. Through him, of course, Jim would then soon have Sherlock Holmes himself. Perhaps he’d give John to Seb then to play with. Once Jim was through with him, of course. No sense throwing out a toy before it was broken. No sense indeed.
“I don’t know what bee has flown into your bonnet, Sherlock Holmes, or what has got your knickers in a twist, but I for one will not stand for it. If you recall,
“Interesting bloke, that detective inspector,” a by now familiar voice sounded from the chair next to his bed, startling Sherlock fully awake. “Hey, easy now,” the voice said, and a fresh cup of water was being held out to him to help with his coughing fit.
God, he was in over his head. A handful of meetings, a couple of kisses (no matter how hot and heavy one of them had been), and he was already calling it serious. Could he do that, though? Be in a serious relationship with another man? Christ, he couldn’t even handle the feel of another penis against him without freaking out, how could he be in a serious relationship?
John had always been a sexual creature, had lost his virginity at a young age, and who, now that Sherlock knew what to look for, had a very real sexual attraction to Sherlock himself. It had terrified him a bit, when John made a move when they first got to together, not knowing what to expect or what was expected of him, but John never pushed for anything.
“Fight me,” Sherlock rasped out, waiting hopefully as John paused in the doorway. His spirit plummeted however when John simply continued on without saying another word.
Class is still cray, but I'm hoping to have SOME more free time to write. I am currently writing this story while also writing/publishing another story for a different fandom, and my plan is to leap frog chapter updates for both. Please continue to remain patient for me as I deal with my personal life and different stress factors, and I hope you continue to enjoy this story whenever I have time to update. Your kudos and comments keep me going, seriously. Thank you.
John let out a brutal snort at that, tugging sharply at Sherlock’s hair causing the man to yelp and glare up at John accusingly. “Don’t say such stupid things. I don’t need you because of the cases, I need you because I love you.”
Knowing the tall git was smug that John’s mystery date apparently pulled the plug on their burgeoning relationship—or whatever the hell it was—did not improve John’s mood at all. It was, therefore, probably lucky that he got called in for an emergency shift at the clinic that he hadn’t been expecting. He sometimes wondered if Sherlock knew that he was all but asking to be punched in the face sometimes. (Or all the time, if John was being quite honest with himself.)
John, army trained with strength hidden beneath his scrubs, just looked at the pale and thin consulting detective and simply smiled. “I won’t fight you because I know you’d win.”
“John, I…” Taking a deep breath, Sherlock gathered his strength. “I don’t want to have sex. Ever. It…makes me uncomfortable. I can never let you penetrate me.”
. He knew the stereotype was that gays knew fashion and dressed well, though he doubted Jim actually knew much about fashion. He seemed…like a cool bloke. Down to earth, but smart, and very each to talk to. And, admittedly, to chat up.
There were times, sitting in his little bedsit, eyes on the blinking cursor of his screen as he stared at his therapist assigned blog, that John wondered what would happen to his speaker if John took his Browning out of the drawer. Would his soulmate know? Would he feel the loss? Would he even care?
Seeing as how John felt the same way, he found it a little hard to do as Jim asked, instead leaning in for another kiss and another after that once they parted. He suddenly had a better understanding of his sister’s and Sherlock’s addictions, since he was fairly certain he was quickly becoming addicted to Jim’s kisses. Or maybe it was Jim himself. It would have been troubling to John if he hadn’t been enjoying himself so damn much.
John huffed, annoyed at his colleague’s reaction, and set the man’s coffee cup nearby, tossing two sugar packets next to it in mild rebellion. He wasn’t Sherlock’s bloody servant. “‘Ah’ what, Sherlock?” he asked with a small amount of bite. Of course the man would deduce it all.
“But…” Sherlock didn’t understand, but he did try to follow John’s lips to kiss him again, though John annoyingly moved back. “But you like sex.”
It didn’t take long to find Lestrade, who was striding down the hallways with purpose. The grey-haired man caught sight of Sherlock, his relief at finding the younger man
Note about canon divergence I forgot to mention previously. No, John is not cheating on Sarah Sawyer, in this story they broke up earlier than in canon. And by canon, I mean based off of John's online blog entries.
, It would affect his social life, he was certain, and he couldn’t bear to deal with the looks he’d receive at work if it were known. Even if he wanted to be with Jim…he just didn’t know…
John was dizzy with want, mind empty except for the bliss of a warm body to rock against, and he shuddered as Jim’s mouth left his lips to latch on to the lobe of his ear, teeth and tongue teasing at the flesh. “Fuck,” John gasped, filling himself swell easily as he thrust lightly up, Jim grinding down in answer. There was an incessant buzz at the back of his mind, but his alcohol and sex addled mind could barely think, especially when Jim’s nails lightly scraped over an erect nipple.
John cleared his throat, taking the drink carrier as Jim took his one coffee out of it, and felt suddenly a little awkward. He knew how he would have acted if it had been a woman looking at him like that, but he wasn’t even certain that he was reading things properly. And Jim was a man.
“Um…” John licked his bottom lip, drawing it into his mouth after, and Sherlock had to remind himself not to stare. “Detective Inspector Lestrade is finishing up the paperwork to release you. I should…get back to my rounds.”
Sighing, John nodded. “You’re right,” he said, letting out a yawn now and stretching, not wanting to hurt Jim’s ego at all. “It is really late, and I’m dead on my feet. If it wouldn’t be too much trouble, I’d love to kip here. I’ll be out of your hair as soon as the sun is up, promise.”
The rest of Sherlock’s time in hospital was spent similarly as he healed, with John stopping by whenever he had a free moment, even on the days he wasn’t scheduled to work. Sherlock didn’t know what to make of it, but he found that he strangely rather enjoyed John’s company. More than he would like to admit.
Sherlock hadn’t thought much of it, Lestrade had visited him before after all, and the man was keen on keeping him in bed to prevent further injury, so it hardly seemed to far out of the ordinary. No doubt his brother had desired the DI to visit as well, since he knew he wouldn’t be welcomed himself as well as hardly wishing to make the travel for something so benign, which Sherlock barely tolerated. Better than Mycroft himself or any of his other goons.
It took only a moment for John to quickly nod, not trusting his voice in that moment, caught by the scent of Jim around him; not only from the man himself, but in the very clothes that John was wearing, a sort of sweet musk that made John want more.
“Shit! Christ!” John exclaimed in a hiss as he shook out his burning hands. He blinked his eyes at the other voice who voiced a similar trail of thought and looked up at the man standing in front of him drenched in most of the hot spilled coffee. “Oh, Christ, I’m sorry,” he hurried to say, wincing as the man gingerly plucked at his white t-shirt that was now stained and clinging to his body.
Sherlock opened his mouth as though to speak before pausing, snorted, and firmly closed his mouth again. A sardonic eyebrow rose as he stepped away from the window.
There were times, many times in fact, throughout John’s life that he could appreciate the male body. He knew when someone was attractive, and he wasn’t insecure enough to need to deny that. Hell, his own flatmate had a sort of alien beauty to him, and John had caught himself staring at those bloody cheekbones of his more than once, especially when the idiot had his collar flipped up like a damn GQ model trying to look mysterious. As John spent more time around Sherlock, got to know him, that strangeness of his features seemed to change, turning more alluring than severe. No wonder Molly was so enamoured with him.
Sherlock’s eyes crinkled up into a smile of his own, and he stared down at John with such naked adoration.
Well. At least not that sort of danger, John couldn’t help but think with a small smirk as he remembered how responsive the man had been beneath him and the sounds that had come from him. John glanced up and over at Sherlock’s reflection in the window, and for a split second it seemed like their eyes met as though a physical force held them there, but then Sherlock’s eyes flicked to something else with an unfocused gaze and John realized he’d only been imagining it all. Still. Best not to think of Jim and his sounds while in the backseat of a taxi with Sherlock.
Pulling away slightly, John lingered close, this thumb gently caressing the corner of Jim’s mouth that was uninjured. “Call me,” he breathed. “As soon as you have a working phone again.”
Sherlock froze, besides a sudden inhale of breath and a rapid blinking of his eyelids, that is. They had never, not once, exchanged those words before. Sherlock felt it, oh yes Sherlock felt it with every fibre of his being, but he’d never expect John to return those feelings for him of all people. It felt like his stomach was going to expel itself. “You…” Sherlock tried to start, but the words caught in his throat. He shuddered against John’s hold. “You love me?” he croaked.
John’s eyes swiftly moved over Jim’s body, his tongue touching his lower lip without notice, and Jim knew he’d done well. He almost wished he could wear one of his beloved Westwood or Reiss suits to see John’s reaction, if simple but well-fitting corduroy trousers and button-up shirt could catch that glance. John was, whether he realized it himself or not yet, clearly interested. That worked in Jim’s favour. And, vain creature that Jim acknowledged himself to be, John’s interest certainly stoked his ego.
Jim moved forward quickly to the bar top, making certain his expression held just the right amount of worry and self-deprecation. “Oh my god, John, I’m so sorry I’m late!” He wasn’t late. In fact, he was just on time. He touched John’s bicep, sliding his hand down to the crook of his elbow as he slid into the seat next to the other man. “I hope you weren’t waiting long.”
Sherlock glanced at the tablecloth which was a lurid colour of pink, but it was the nearest to the actual colour he could get. Atop it, holding the twin candles, were candlesticks in the shape of lotus flowers, though sadly he couldn’t find any that were black. Five pips were scattered on the table, as well as a toy bus, a rubber snake, a pile of sugar, and a picture of Margaret Thatcher. He’d considered getting a comic book as well, but it seemed rather overkill, and he certainly didn’t want anything that might remind John of The Woman.
flirting. It was simply that the man was so affable and engaging that people flocked to him, especially when he was standing in complete opposition to Sherlock’s own brusque and demeaning behaviours.
Everything had gone well those first few weeks after they officially became a couple—an occurrence that came about due to the adrenaline of running from a killer and collapsing together in a fit of laughter inside the walls of 221 Baker Street, which then led to Sherlock’s very inexperienced kissing—but that was because even John understood waiting for sex. Because he was, wasn’t he? John had to expect sex at some point, even if he said he understood Sherlock was asexual.
Sherlock’s expression was probably far too telling, given that one look at it had John’s own eyes turning suspiciously shiny, but he couldn’t help it. John didn’t see him as cold, or selfish, or a freak. He never had. He bit his lip, hesitated, then softly whispered, “I love you.”
Sarah had been his first and only relationship since returning from Afghanistan. He had definitely liked her, that was true, but he also knew that if she hadn’t flirted first that he might never have made his move. He supposed that, outside of the initial prospect of getting on with Sarah—with anyone—after months of solitude, it had been the adrenaline of the kidnapping that had really held the majority of his interest. Sarah had been a very lovely, girl, truly, but whatever spark was meant to be there just wasn’t. With Jim, on the other hand…
Curling in on himself, eyes clenched shut tight, the first feelings began licking at the numbness inside John like a growing wildfire. He laid curled on the bed not his own, surrounded by
Shaking his head, still too happy with the world, John pushed away from his computer to head upstairs to have a proper shower and get dressed for his shift at the clinic. He wanted to text Jim, but he didn’t want to seem too needy or anything. With a woman, he might have engaged in some flirtatious texts over the course of the day, but Jim was different. First off, he was a man. Though the flirting came naturally when around him, John couldn’t quite muster up the courage to send the first flirty text again after the week of silence that’d been before last night. He knew why Jim had been unreachable, and he certainly didn’t blame him for that, not at all, but there was something holding him back now that he was apart from him.
“I suppose you could say that,” John said after a moment. His eyes flashed over Jim again, before nodding. “I was in the army,” he explained what Jim already knew. “And I suppose I, er, let myself enjoy the local life a bit too much sometimes,” he said with another small flush. “Er. Only women.”
“What happened next?” John quietly asked, sensing that Jim wouldn’t continue without some prodding. Indeed, Jim drew in a shuddering breath and seemed to have to rally himself again to speak.
He really had no idea why he was even still here, when it had been made clear that he wasn’t even needed, and yet John knew that it would be an empty flat and leftover chow mien if he left for home now, which he really wasn’t interested in at present. Sherlock also had the tendency to just leave without acknowledging John at all, or telling him where he was going, and he had no interest in trying to find a missing detective who was chasing after a serial bigamist apparently turned murderer in the dead of night all alone. Sherlock had a way of finding trouble, and he had no intention in letting the idiotic genius get hurt if he could help it.
John was an adventurous lover. He’d tried all sorts of positions with the women he’d been with, especially during his tour in the army, so it wasn’t like he was unfamiliar with the allure of certain backsides. He’d just never before thought about applying such measures of attractiveness to men. Or, he’d never before allowed himself to
He did not know, however, that for the second time that day he had left a man contemplative, left him scowling, and left him wondering just what the hell was going on but resolute in finding out the answers to the mystery that was Dr John H. Watson.
The woman wouldn’t know what made a real doctor if it bit her in the clearly surgically augmented posterior. He wondered if her tune would change if he had his medal out, if he had pictures of himself in his fatigues with Bill or some others in his brigade on the wall, and that thought annoyed him just as much. It was for this reason his medal was somewhere unknown, buried in all his things untouched since the discharge ceremony, and any pictures he might have had from that time were since burned to ash.
“Ah.” John’s smile grew, but also gentled. “There it is. You see? I’m not lying to you, Sherlock. I accept that you’re asexual. I love you. All of you. And I have no interest in changing anything about you. Except maybe you could get the milk every once in a while,” he lightly teased.
Sherlock swallowed, and there was a flash of trepidation in his eyes before he shielded against it again, but John was too close not to have seen it.
Had he looked back, he would have seen a contemplative look on Jim’s face, promptly followed by a scowl before it was blocked by the shutting of the door. While he might have been horrified at being so expertly manipulated, had he known Jim’s true game, he also might have been far too pleased to know that he’d shocked the mastermind greatly by throwing a new piece on to the board he didn’t know they were playing. In any case, both were left with a desire to see the other again soon, if for slightly different reasons.
It had started with what they thought was just a cold. Intellectually, John knew what happened to those with an unfulfilled bond, but it was rare and for a while John hadn’t even made the connection. Then the cold got worse, and something niggled in the back of John’s brain, but he still remained at a loss.
It could be harder for listeners, however. If the speaker died, so too did the voice in the listener’s head, and there were quite a few times where the listener suffered a breakdown then, the loss of their soulmate’s voice and the strangeness of their own driving them insane.
Looking back on it now, he could make the connections. Sherlock had began getting sick exactly one year after John found him. Found him and did not tell him the truth. It had started slow, had even started when still dealing with The Woman’s deceit, but then it had progressed at a frightening speed. Sherlock’s body was shutting down.
came out,” he said with a small sneer before shaking his head. “Haven’t been back since I was nineteen when my da kicked me out,” he shrugged.
Jim was in every way different from Sholto. He was only slightly taller than John, of a much slighter frame, and didn’t seem worried about projecting any emphasised masculinity. He was comfortable in himself, and seemed rather sweet in a more unselfconscious way, and John had to admit that he found that interesting. Captivating, even. He couldn’t imagine being so secure in that sexuality whilst simultaneously knowing that many in the world still looked down upon that lifestyle. It revealed a masculinity that didn’t need the approval of others.
Robert, most likely, then. John’s insides felt hot and prickly at the thought of someone hurting Jim like this, and apparently someone Jim knew. Someone Jim was embarrassed about, or who he was protecting. Neither made John happy.
He felt a little silly saying all that, but a hopeful expression was beginning to appear on Jim’s face, and he knew that he had to fight past his own unease and embarrassment at being so candid for Jim’s benefit.
“Ah…I don’t have the best whiskey, but I figured this was decent enough,” Jim said, still sounding slightly flustered, though he managed to keep his eyes on John’s face next time he turned around to had him the glass, the ice clinking softly as their fingers brushed in the pass off.
“This is your first date with a man, isn’t it?” Jim asked just as John was bringing his pint up to his lips, causing him to splutter slightly into the cup, before giving Jim a rueful smile, dabbing at his lips with a paper napkin. Plebeian.
“Liar,” John bit out. He shook his head, then realising he was still hanging halfway out of his trousers, he shoved himself back inside and redid the button and zip. “We had this discussion when we first got together. You don’t like sex. You don’t want sex. So why now?”
John huffed in mock exasperation, but he did allow Jim to put some distance between them. “Call me,” he simply said again.
Ignoring Lestrade, Sherlock merrily began his way towards the street. He’d have to call Mrs Hudson and tell her he’d take the flat.
“John…we both know you…enjoy sex,” he said, wanting to make certain it didn’t sound like he was shaming the man or anything. That was another thing he’d read about. The belief that asexuals shamed others for sex, especially bisexuals and pansexuals due to their affiliation with more than just one gender. He’d never shame anything about John. “You won’t be happy without it.”
John’s brows furrowed then, and though a spot of anger darkened his expression, it didn’t enter into his tone. “We haven’t had sex all this time and I’ve been happy,” he pointed out. Despite the anger not being in his tone, it was still tight.
“I don’t think I’d be where I am now, who I am now, if I hadn’t felt such a need to prove myself.” John hummed around his glass. “But somehow we got to talking about myself again.”
“What about you then?” John asked indicating the man’s soiled shirt. It was sticking to the man’s body again and had to be cold by now.
John hesitated only a moment longer before shaking his head and heading back towards the labs. His hand flexed, wanting to instinctively curl, but he kept his fingers out of his palm lest they smudge the ink. Just in case.
“Thanks, but you really didn’t have to do this,” John said with another shake of his head, but he couldn’t help but smile slightly. It’d been a long time since he felt like anyone considered him, really. It was…refreshing. Nice. “I’m John, by the way.”
. It wasn’t that John was necessarily ignorant in the practice. Hell, as a doctor he’d had his fair share of fingers places, and he’d had some very adventurous girlfriends in his past, so it wasn’t even that he was a stranger to that sort of sex, but with another man? Would such a thing even turn him on?
John moved into the kitchen, deciding to make a cup of tea while he waited and gathered his courage, and tried to ignore the voice in his head as kept pointing out that he was supposed to be brave. Supposed to be better than hiding with his tail between his legs. John mentally gave the voice in his head a two-finger salute.
John grinned at his phone. He was still only halfway into his shift, making John wonder what Jim was up to right now. Besides reading his blog entry, that is. He checked to make certain he had no more patients for the moment before letting himself answer the teasing text.
All this left Sherlock in a very poor mood, of course, made worse by his runny nose, persistent cough, and body aches. The coughing didn’t help much with his fractured rib or bruised stomach either, however, and Sherlock longed for the sweet oblivion of death, or something like it. Instead he was stuck with a constant parade of nurses who kept checking up on his vitals and furtively making certain he hadn’t tried to escape…again.
Who cared about anniversaries when your significant other was right there with you in the present? And the obligation of gift giving holidays and the like was atrocious. Sherlock would much rather be running after a criminal and dodging bullets than wasting time waxing poetic about your romantic partner over a candlelit dinner.
“Wine too?” John asked with a pleasant wryness. “If it weren’t for the fact that I know how you feel about marriage, I might suspect you were going to propose, Sherlock,” he teased. Sherlock, predictably, gave a rather rude sounding snort causing John to laugh, not looking the least bit peeved.
interested, there was no denying that, but it was a step that he really didn’t think he was ready for, at least not without a fair bit of alcohol in his system.
, Sherlock,” he repeated sternly, causing Sherlock to flag in confusion. “I just got home, I had a long day yesterday, and I’m not traipsing around London in these clothes. I’m going to go upstairs, change, freshen up some, and then we can leave.”
The only fault John could see, of course, were the bruises and split lip, though thankfully it looked like the medical glue was holding strong.
They never really talked about that. Especially not after Sherlock’s own fake suicide. He’d read it there, plain on John’s face that day at St Bart’s. It wasn’t just his limp he’d been determined to fix. He figured that was why his apparent suicide had been so hard on John. Stupid! He should have considered that before he jumped. John would know exactly what would have been going through his head, had he meant to truly fall.
“Of course! Um, if you don’t mind wearing something of mine, my pyjamas are in the middle drawer in the wardrobe in my room. You could borrow a pair of my pyjama bottoms, we’re about the same size. Spare towels are in the cupboard right outside the bathroom if you want to take a shower, just put everything in the hamper by the door when you’re done.”
penis. Until Jim. Even then, it had been abstract thoughts at best, despite the porn he’d been watching lately. But it was just a penis. It’d feel the same, react the same, do the same sort of things that John’s did…he was pretty sure at least. Jesus. What did Jim’s even look like? Was he bigger? Was he smaller? Did his curve at the end? John was morbidly curious, but he also thought he might run screaming if Jim dropped the towel just then. Of course…the backside view hadn’t been too bad…
When John finally joined him, he moved immediately into the man’s arms again, burrowing into his chest. John’s arms just as immediately wound around him, and Sherlock let out a contented sigh, placing his hand over John’s chest. He bit his lip, however, and peeked up at John. “John…I…what you said, before. It was…it was good. And you should know…what you said…I—”
John grimaced slightly, both at the thought of what Sherlock might think or do as well as at how tempting that offer sounded. And it sounded
“Well, you did say you wanted to take me out to dinner, Dr Watson,” Jim smirked. “A boy could get used to such notions.”
Not that it was easy. There were a few times he’s respond out loud to his thoughts thinking that it was actually Sherlock speaking to him, but thankfully it seemed like Sherlock really did ignore and delete things about soulmates because he never suspected. John had to stop the urges to say something, couldn’t risk it, couldn’t risk what they had. He could yearn in secret. And, maybe, he could allow himself to hope.
“Christ, I should really be getting home,” John huffed with a small laugh several hours, two cups of tea, and a few beers later. It had probably been a mistake agreeing to stay for a second cuppa, and even worse to agree to switch the tea out for a beer, and then it only got worse from there. Jim had been hard to turn down, however, and there was still a part of John that was worried about the man if he left.
Of course, then they were on a mad dash after a cab, and standing in the entry way of the flats later, giggling and without his cane, John felt himself fall just a little more. He did end up using his gun after all, but not the way he originally intended. The smile Sherlock gave him later solidified something inside him. Something he couldn’t—or didn’t want to—explain. After all, being friends with this madman was worth any pain being silent caused him.
Sherlock was still mildly embarrassed about what an atrocious kisser he had been at the beginning. Thankfully, John never seemed to mind. Equally thankfully Sherlock was a fast study. He learned quickly and waking up in the hospital bed next to a John with pale skin, limp hair, and bags under his eyes, Sherlock had learned to never put John through that again. Never again.
John, paused in his walking, clumsily typed out a message of his own, the feeling of giddiness after a good date leaving him warm.
—but he did send flowers with a pointedly mocking card, which Sherlock immediately had binned. It turned out, however, that they did not stay that way for long.
gotten a little farther along than he had originally contrived when first showing up battered and bruised at John’s place of business, artfully done by one of Jim’s most faithful and trusted servants. He could tell Sebastian had enjoyed parts of it, just as Jim had, but he also knew about Sebastian’s own infatuation; it was why he never allowed his most faithful to share his bed with him, though he certainly allowed him to watch sometimes. The frustration and jealousy that Sebastian felt was always so…delicious.
“Hey,” John murmured quietly, reaching across the table towards Sherlock’s hand. “Are you okay? Answer me honestly. You just seem really…pensive tonight?” He glanced dubiously at the wine in his glass, before flicking to Sherlock’s sleeve covered arm as though he could see any nicotine patches through the material of his shirt. “Is it a danger night?” he asked, barely loud enough to be heard on a soft breath of concern.
It was hardly noticeable at first, he didn’t pay it much mind, but he soon began to realise that the more Sherlock lost his voice, the voice inside his head grew louder.
Well then. John drew in a deep breath, heart still pounding in his chest, and slowly stepped forward again. Once, twice, covering the short distance between their two bodies.
Hesitating, Jim seemed to be considering his options before nodding with a sigh. “My…my chest, maybe my back. I was, er, thrown a little hard against the wall,” he mumbled.
mind doing just that to. “Lean forward, and open your mouth slightly,” he ordered, finding a moistened towelette in the kit to clean up the area first. When Jim complied, he lightly dabbed the towelette around the wound, cleaning up dried blood before disinfecting the wound itself, murmuring apologies again when Jim let out a small wince of discomfort. After that it wasn’t too hard to apply a thin coating of the medical glue to Jim’s lip.
clothes from yesterday. He grimaced just at that thought. He knew that, normally, he wouldn’t kick up a fuss, would follow Sherlock wherever and whenever, no matter his own discomfort.
“Are you certain he won’t come back?” John frowned, peering suspiciously at every shadow they crossed. A small part of him wished he’d had his gun on him, but he also thought that that would probably freak Jim out after what he’d been through, so it was probably better he didn’t. Besides, John didn’t need a gun to take someone down, and honestly the thought of smashing his fist into some abusive arsehole’s face was more than pleasant.
Jim turned to John, grinning, and picked up his dropped bottle before standing. “Well,” he said, grin turning a little sly. “Maybe not
He’d never kissed a man before. Never touched a man intimately like that. Sure, he’d had a few odd dreams here or there, but everyone had those. Right? It didn’t mean anything. He didn’t know what he would do if Jim leaned in to kiss him. There wouldn’t be feminine softness, no flavoured lips from gloss or balm, no gentle scent of skin. Would Jim have stubble? He’d been cleanshaven when he met him. Smooth, even…
John, however, had quickly turned out the beeping as his eyes took in Jim’s form. Lithe, toned but not overly muscular, pale but not unhealthily so (minus the bruising), with a narrow trail of dark hair leading from just below (though not directly) his navel to underneath the bunched form of the towel slung low over his hips. The rivulets of water cascaded over Jim’s bare chest and back from his dripping hair, over his neck, and John nearly choked as, after Jim turned his back to him to reach into a lower cupboard, the damp, the white towel stretched perfectly over Jim’s backside when he bent over. It took a moment for him to realise Jim was speaking, but he shook his head and tried to focus when he noticed.
He had, after being ignored for most of the day even though Sherlock was the one dragging him out of bed at the crack of dawn for no reason to run around London for clues before ending up at Bart’s, decided that they both could use a cup of coffee. Molly had made herself scarce after Sherlock had snapped at her, and John felt sorry for her, despite her habit of “forgetting” his name, but he also wished that she had stuck around to be the one to fetch coffee instead.
He thought that he might have remembered Mycroft earlier. Did the black car take John to the flat? Perhaps. He didn’t care. He just set the frame down on the end table near the bed, looking around.
Over time, John began noticing the voice changing. He’d find himself giggling whenever the voice cracked, though he remembered all too well when his own had done that. Puberty then. The owner of the voice had to be a couple years younger than him.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, not even bothering to hide it. He reached for his coffee, took a sip, and grimaced. “There’s no sugar in this,” he complained.
It was unlike kissing any woman he’d ever snogged, hard lines instead of soft curves, made all the more obvious as more and more of Jim pressed again him as their kiss deepened, and soon John knew just what it was like kissing a man. A moan from Jim sent the heat from John’s chest to his lower belly, and it was quite without thought when John pulled Jim tighter against him. Jim, apparently, had no qualms about such a thing, and he eagerly swung a leg over John to sit astride him, knees on either side of John as he pushed him against the backrest of the sofa.
John bit his tongue, not rising to the bait. He couldn’t help but imagine Sherlock’s reaction if he stumbled across the kind of porno that would be more accurate to John’s current situation. He almost wished he could see it, actually. He wondered what Sherlock’s reaction would be if one of the men in it happened to be long, lanky, and darkly curly haired.
“Am I making you uncomfortable, John?” Jim whispered, leaning in slightly. John hesitated, considered what he was feeling, but his head and blood were dancing with alcohol and something more. He shook his head, causing Jim to smile as he slid closer against him. “Can I kiss you, John?”
It had been over a week since John had been out on his date with Jim, and he found himself wishing to see the other man again, and soon. It was a strange feeling, especially considering he had been glad he hadn’t kissed Jim once he’d sobered up, not wanting to send the wrong message or anything. He
Drawing in a deep breath, Jim began explaining, though he kept his gaze on the table top between them. “I started dating Robert about two years ago. It started out nice,” he said with a small smile of remembrance. “He’d show up at work with flowers, take me out on nice dates, give me presents for no reason…it was wonderful, actually. But then…” Jim’s countenance grew more shadowed then, and the smile fell from his lips. He took a larger gulp of his beer before starting again.
John stepped forward, resting his hand on Jim’s shoulder and giving him a reassuring smile. “How about I go first, hm?” he murmured quietly, getting a relieved smile in response and a small nod. Briefly squeezing Jim’s shoulder, John gave him another reassuring look before taking point and stepping around him to enter the dark flat and switch on the light with some guidance from Jim.
“John,” Jim moaned again against John’s lips, nipping at them as both hands now slid and caressed under John’s shirt. Through the thin material of his borrowed pyjama bottoms, John could feel the tantalizing heat of Jim’s body so close. His own hands sliding to Jim’s hips, he pulled the man closer, causing a whimper to leave Jim as he pushed down against John. “John…fuck…” he breathed, pressing down as John pushed up.
The parents were a well-to-do couple with only one child, age 15, who I’ll call “L”, who had a penchant for trouble ever since meeting her current boyfriend (18) last summer. According to her father, the boyfriend, let’s call him “R”, was not the sort of boy he approved of for his daughter who was not yet even of age, and though he had originally forbidden her from seeing him again, he had a feeling she was still seeing him. The weekend hols had been partly in an attempt to keep L and R apart as well as general family time. While the family was gone, R “broke in” and ransacked the place while stealing the valuables and leaving before any of the neighbours were any the wiser. And why the quotation marks? Because he had a key. Given to him by none other than L herself.
Sherlock swallowed, licked his lips, swallowed again. The flush was spreading down his neck and over his ears, and John couldn’t help but find it very adorable. Had he ever seen Sherlock truly blush before?
“This is really good,” John said around a bite of food, trying not to sound too amazed and insulting the man sitting next to him at the breakfast bar. Jim, however, smiled a little shyly and shrugged as he ate his own plate of perfectly cooked eggs. The novelty of having someone else cook him breakfast (who wasn’t Mrs Hudson) still amazed John, seeing as all he could think was that Sherlock would never willingly cook breakfast, and if he did then it was likely to have some sort of contaminate in it. Perhaps purposefully.
“John…everything is fine, I promise,” he said after a moment, giving the man a smile that didn’t quite reach his eyes all the way, but at least it was there partially. He stood then, knowing that they were done eating (well, John was done eating, he had simply pushed his around his plate) and moved around to John’s side. “Come. Dance with me.”
Had any of his old mates been around, they’d have taken the piss out of him faster than he could blink. Though, he had a feeling not all of them would have been comfortable with the thought of John liking blokes to begin with. Jesus, he was fucked.
He had held beating hearts in his hands, hand felt warm blood turn cold, and had saved more lives on and off the battlefield than that woman could even begin to comprehend. The realness of a doctor did not depend on where the doctor worked, but by the oaths they took and carried with them to their own graves. Her ignorance and entitlement were insulting. It took a great deal of strength not to simply throw her out and tell her to begone, but he had sworn oaths, and so he took care of her sprained hand and bruised head in tightly controlled silence.
A short chuckle sounded, before his hiding spot was slowly and carefully removed from his face, causing the brunette man to squint into the sudden light and scowl up at the nurse who was smiling down at him. “Maybe later,” the man chuckled again, his blue eyes swirling with mirth, before returning to going over Sherlock’s vitals.
John gave a small short and shake of his head, but he couldn’t deny the smile on his lips. “All right. Call me, or text me, or whatever, as soon as you get your phone. Do you need my number again?”
A glance at the skull. Billy, he’d called it, much to John’s bemused amusement. A frequent expression of John’s. He wondered if Billy would become lonely with no one to talk to him. John wasn’t smart enough to entertain, he knew that. Poor Billy.
He assumed someone told Mrs Hudson. He might have remembered her face. Was it him? Did he do it? Did he tell her he was homeless now? He couldn’t recall. He couldn’t recall anything.
There was something to Sherlock’s words that John didn’t fully understand, a tone or inflection, but he pushed the matter aside to scoff at the man. “In case it escaped your notice, O Great and Powerful Sherlock Holmes, I still have a shift at the clinic today, and I’d really rather not be late.
John knew what he had to do, praying that it wasn’t too late, but the thought gutted him. How would his mad genius react? Even John’s inner voice was starting to get more snappish with him, which he really thought wasn’t fair, but it was what it was. John would have to tell the truth and hope that Sherlock forgave him. Hope that Sherlock understood that John understood that it didn’t mean they were expected to follow any
After nearly two hours there, far longer than even I thought necessary, Sherlock exploded. Metaphorically of course. In a stream of babble, Sherlock explained exactly what had happened, who had done it, how they had done it, and gotten a confession as to why. Here are the particulars:
Jim, for his part, let out a small laugh. “Honestly, I feel a little sorry for you!” he said in gentle tease. “That Sherlock bloke doesn’t seem like the easiest to get along with.” He shook his head. “It sounds like fun though. I wish I could go on such crazy adventures, but I’m just the IT bloke,” he added with a small, self-deprecating shrug. “I really enjoyed your writing, though,” he said shyly. “It’s so engaging to read, like talking to a friend. I hope you have more adventures, if only so that I can read more,”
Did blokes kiss on the first date? John didn’t know. Judging by the way Jim had stared at his mouth, he doubted the other man would have minded much, but…that was still a bit too much too soon for John. Still. The date went…well.
John watched him go for a moment before sighing and shaking his head. Guess he didn’t really have a choice. He made his way to the bathroom, unbuttoning his shirt once he got inside to try to rinse off some of the mess from hiss shirt and vest before wiping down his pinkened skin. It wasn’t a serious burn or anything, and the other man definitely got the worst of it, but John did feel better once he was marginally cleaned up. He did feel bad about the other man, though, getting him new coffee while covered in John’s old ones. And he had been wearing fewer layers as well.
John gaped, letting Sherlock pull him along for a moment, trying to process what was happening. There was a case. Sherlock was pulling on his arm trying to force him along, and he was still wearing yesterday’s clothes. He thought about running around London who knew where, for who knew how long, wearing not only clothes from yesterday but also
He didn’t want to admit it, but he figured it was the sense of rejection. Flirting with women, even being rejected by women, was more fun and games than serious, even when he’d been serious about the woman.
John smiled up at Sherlock, and he didn’t know who moved first, but then they were kissing again, sweet, tender, and—
“Fine, we’ll take this one,” he said with menace, before turning on his heel and stalking out of the office. “Come along, John!” he all but shouted. John rolled his eyes towards the ceiling, sharing a long-suffering sigh with Lestrade, before another shout of, “John!” had him slumping out after the madman after throwing his still full cup of coffee away.
John smiled that gorgeous John Watson smile, the smile Sherlock had only ever seen reserved for him and him alone, and reached out for Sherlock’s hand. “Yeah,” he said, and though it looked like he might want to blush, he didn’t. “Kissing and cuddling. That’s still fine right? Holding hands. Holding each other. All the other stuff. Just no sex.” He took Sherlock’s hand, holding it between his own, tracing his fingers over Sherlock’s knuckles. Expression hopeful. Expression understanding. Expression…
“I like you more,” John said simply with a shrug, which shut Sherlock up again. He grinned down at him. “Sherlock, I won’t deny that I’m sexually attracted to you. That I think about you when I wank. That I
John hotly declared, hands fisted at his sides as he drew himself up more to his lamentably still short full height.
His thumb gently caressed Sherlock’s sharp cheek, and the other man leaned into the touch as though without thought.
Jim seemed hesitant to talk now, however, wincing slightly as he drank his cold beer. John had had second thoughts considering the man’s split lip, but he could tell that liquid courage was far more necessary than minor medical attention at present. Only after a quarter of his drink had disappeared did Jim begin speaking again.
Becca had her own hesitation in the doorway, before seeming to decide to let sleeping dogs lie and simply left him alone, which he didn’t know if he preferred or not.
A quiet hope had filled John when he thought about the potential of another…date, another date, wanting to better understand his own feelings, but then things took a turn for the worst. As the weekend approached, John began nervously trying to decide how to ask Jim out on another date, a proper one this time with dinner involved, but also trying to pick another place that he didn’t normally frequent. He felt a little ashamed at that, but he didn’t want anyone to recognise him out with another man, and he especially didn’t want Sherlock following him. Again. Besides keeping the wool over Sherlock’s eyes, he also liked the thought of having something that was just his.
Jim’s jaw trembled for a moment, before he drew in a shaky breath. “I, er…got jumped,” he said, but the way his eyes slid away from John’s told him that that was a lie. “I didn't even know that you worked here. It’s not a big deal…”
Jim let his own eyebrows go up then, and he glanced over John again as though in assessment. “Colour me intrigued,” he said with a helpless little laugh, glancing lower on John’s body. “I mean, I know you’ve got the swagger of a man with a…um,” Jim broke off, hurriedly turning to take a hasty gulp of his beer again, coughing slightly, while John’s ears flamed. “That is to say!” he hastened to add. “You’re comfortable with yourself! I mean. That’s…admirable.” A shy smile this time, and though John looked embarrassed, he relaxed further, and his shoulders took on a prouder air.
It wasn’t as though he was necessarily afraid that John would cheat on him or anything (at least that’s what he told himself) but that John wasn’t even aware most of the time that he
Sherlock swallowed, shook his head, took John’s hand and gave it a light squeeze. “No, John. I’m fine.” He made a small humming noise before amending, “It’s not a danger night.” It could never be a danger night again. He couldn’t put John through that a second time. He supposed that was what had really started all this. What had begun the near electric charge between them, shifted their relationship just enough to leave it open to becoming something more that night in the hallway with a kiss.
They spoke more about Sherlock’s job, some of his past cases, and amazingly enough John seemed completely enraptured by them. He laughed whenever Sherlock made deductions, as long as they weren’t offensive, and never failed to say “amazing,” “incredible,” “wonderful,” which really made Sherlock flush a little too often for his liking. John’s eyes always sparkled when he spoke to him, and maybe Sherlock was imagining it, but he sometimes thought he saw John walking without a limp.
It was hardly a perfect first kiss. Sherlock was frozen against him, his lips chapped from his sickness, and it was a little awkward getting the angle right, but to John it
It’s not the first time we’ve gone to DI â–“â–“â–“â–“â–“â–“â–“â–“ because Sherlock was in desperate need of a case, but something seemed to be different this time, though even now I don’t know what it was. I guess it’s not really important, just Sherlock being Sherlock. In any case (pun not intended), it was interesting at least.
John drew in another deep breath. He’d come this far, and Sherlock hadn’t run away yet. He just hoped ‘yet’ wasn’t the keyword here.
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed, his lips puckering with petulance, but he seemed too weigh John’s words, or at least his tone and body language, and thought better of it because all he did was huff out a sigh and more pointedly turn towards the window to better ignore John, no longer gazing at his reflection. John let out a soft snort when the cabbie likewise let out a sigh, no doubt grateful his fare had stopped arguing in the back of his cab. Taking a calming breath, John tucked his phone safely back into his jacket pocket and refocused on the case file to lose himself in it for the rest of the trip.
“Of course it hasn’t, John,” Sherlock snapped, because he was actually quite fond of the term now and he didn’t want to give it up. He then realised that snapping at John probably wasn’t the best way of getting what he wanted. He bit his lip, looking up at John with wide eyes. “I just…you deserve to feel good, John,” he breathed huskily. “I want to make you happy.”
He glanced at his watch. He still had a few hours left before his date. Maybe he should shower again. Just to be safe. Maybe Sherlock was right, maybe he
Sherlock loved John. There was no denying that. He didn’t quite know when it happened, didn’t even fully know when he had even acknowledged it, he just knew that he was irrevocably in love with John Hamish Watson; army captain, medical doctor, and blogger.
John set his now empty bottle on the low coffee table set before the sofa and ran a hand over his face, hearing the slight bristle of his stubble under his roughened palm, and fought the urge to yawn. “I
It accounted for a fair portion of their cases, his and Sherlock’s, actually. Crimes of passion indeed. One spouse finds their soulmate and it’s not their partner, an affair takes place, a discovery, a murder. It happened far too often, in varying degrees. He supposed that it was what the legend of Arthur, Guinevere, and Lancelot was based off of, but that didn’t make the matter of soulmates any easier or better understood.
John let out a heavy groan, but the wariness was gone again, replaced by resignation. “Yeah? And what did you think?” he asked, before a briefly funny look passed over his face at the phrase, before sighing and shaking his head. Interesting. A stirred memory? Most certainly Sherlock related. Ah, Jim had time to unravel it all later. He doubted his current scheme would fail.
Sherlock’s cheeks flushed again, but this time not in anger. There was a vulnerability to him now, a hesitancy as he stared at John, his eyes rapidly scanning over all of the older male. John let him. He let him see it all.
John hesitated a moment more before lifting a hand in farewell. The hand was steady. “See ya, Sherlock,” he said with another small smile. His eyes darted to the cup in Sherlock’s hand, looking like he wanted to say something else, before he slipped out the door and hurriedly escaped down the brightly lit hallway.
“I took you to a pub and bought you a beer,” John pointed out, trying not to laugh as he pulled the medical kit closer and opened it to see what Jim had on hand. “That make’s it your turn now.”
John had also declared that Sherlock was never allowed to kiss anyone else ever again, thank you very much, and though Sherlock had shivered a little and very much enjoyed the possessive little growl accompanying those words, it hadn’t hit him with arousal. He wanted to belong to John, wholly, but sex to him just wasn’t a part of that.
John Watson wasn’t unappealing, he’d already determined this, and Jim was a lot freer with his sexuality—whatever it actually was; he wasn’t too held up on labels, unlike a certain gentleman. He certainly wasn’t against serving his carnal pleasure whenever he felt like it, and he had to admit that he certainly felt like it last night, with John’s solid form pressed against him, the talented mouth of the doctor on his own, feeling the heat and strength of the man. Jim was quite safe in his own masculinity to admit what he liked, and what with being so dominating a person in the rest of his life, he couldn’t deny the appeal of letting someone else dominate him a bit in bed. And John, stupid John, had more than fit that bill.
Jim nodded, smiling softly and nuzzling against John’s hand. “Of course,” he whispered. “I wouldn’t have it any other way.”
A few days ago. That would be, John realized, around the time that Jim stopped replying to his messages. When he stopped getting them, apparently.
And, okay, perhaps it did feel nice to put a label to it, to be able to say, ‘This! This, this, this! This is what I am! I’m not broken! I’m asexual!’
John quashed those thoughts immediately. Even if Jim just played with hearts, he didn’t deserve this brutality. At least it wasn’t like Jim had seduced him and then left him. They hadn’t even kissed yet.
“I still very much want to go on a second date with you, and I certainly would very much like to snog you again, just…everything else will have to take time. But I want to try them. Eventually.”
Please let me know if there are any typos or whatever. I wrote half this chapter months ago and the other half in a frenzied rush and it's almost 2:30 in the morning now and I can't catch my own errors yolo.
Swallowing, Sherlock stared at himself in the mirror. He looked ghastly. He hoped John wouldn’t notice. Or, perhaps, John would just excuse it as nerves. He was, after all, incredibly nervous. He was thankful therefore that John was off at his second job, still determined to pretend he was just a normal doctor, instead of accepting that he was the most important man in the universe. According to Sherlock, at least, and truly Sherlock’s opinion was the only one that mattered in this case.
“Don’t,” John choked out, closing his eyes with a small groan as he felt the wet heat of Jim’s open mouth against the sensitive skin of his neck. There was a slight rasp of Jim’s own stubbled jaw which was different from anything he’d ever experienced, but it wasn’t too off-putting. John was too focused on the way Jim’s tongue felt as it flicked against his throat. Jim’s hand began slowly caressing John’s chest as his lips and tongue moved back up John’s jaw. John’s own hand moved to curl into the dark hair of the man against him, momentarily at a loss for the length he was so used to, but then Jim’s hand was slipping her his shirt as their mouths met, and all other thought was lost to him.
John, uncomfortable and yet pleased at the same time, turned a little pink himself and rubbed over the back of his neck in another self-conscious gesture. Jim’s meaning had to be clear enough for even an idiot to understand. “I don’t…I don’t think you’re a slag,” he denied. Hesitancy was there. He was questioning whether he should make an excuse to go, questioning whether he was ready for this sort of thing, and yet his
Eventually we spoke to the family properly, and even then, Sherlock let them speak far more than he usually does for clients, sometimes asking for clarity or further details that even I could tell was pointless. He frequently referred to me, asking what I thought and encouraging me to take the line of questioning, though he also made mildly disgusted sounds and asked better questions when mine were apparently not good enough. Overall, it was very strange indeed.
He watched him, watched him and Sherlock solve case after case, watch them flick at his web and tear at his careful designs, which really was getting a bit annoying now. Matters had to be seen to. And soon.
Uneven footfalls. Slight hesitation of the right leg. Limp. Even though Sherlock had only been there a day, he seemed to have already made a reputation of himself, and very few nurses or other staff willingly entered into his room. He preferred it that way, honestly, but this one didn’t seem wary at all. Yet.
It was Sherlock’s turn to snort. “He’s my glorified handler,” he muttered, but his cheeks tinged slightly pink. John saw Lestrade touching him. John left. Lestrade told him they were only professional. John came back. That meant something, but Sherlock was far to inexperienced in social interactions to understand what.
“I guess you could say this isn’t the first time I was someone’s gateway gay,” Jim murmured, pitching his tone just shy of melancholy, dropping his gaze down to his pint, letting his own rueful smile tug at his lips.
John, eyes focusing on his coffee so he didn’t sneak another peek at Jim’s backside—all right, at Jim’s perfectly pert arse through the towel that revealed far more than it covered, nodded and waited until the door of Jim’s room clicked closed before hastily reaching for his clothing from the night before. He dressed in military quickness, frowning slightly at a certain piece of his anatomy that protested the tight confines of regular clothes and not the freeing softness of Jim’s borrowed pyjama bottoms. Fuck. Jim was, beyond a doubt, male. John had felt that clearly last night, and yet…though one part certainly bothered John, he couldn’t help but be curious and…admiring of the rest. Jim was an
“Mmm, Sherlock,” John breathed in a mumble against Sherlock’s lips, his hands automatically going to the other man’s hips to keep him steady. “What are you doing?”
The lack of interest, especially in uni when it was all anyone seemed to think about, had left Sherlock feeling as though something was broken inside of him. Something broken, something wrong, a chemical imbalance in his head, something and anything to prove that he was irrefutably damaged.
Or maybe not mention the feelings at all. Not gay, he’d always said, which was technically still true. Being bisexual wasn’t the same thing as being gay after all. He just hoped that he could pretend he wasn’t mooning over the consulting detective like some lovesick teenager. He would simply tell Sherlock they were soulmates and hope for the best.
Though he wished Sherlock wouldn’t treat him like Molly sometimes, ordering him about without a care, treating him like he less interesting than the fungal infection under the victim’s toe nails, no how “important” the fungus was to the case, or whatever the idiot genius was going on about.
“Maybe, just maybe, it’s because he does a better job at catching criminals in a shorter amount of time than the combined forces of the Met as a whole,” John snapped back, not in the mood to deal with her snark even if he was less than happy with Sherlock himself. He turned away from her, uninterested in whatever else she might say to defame Sherlock, and returned to Lestrade’s office with a glower. Sherlock, it seemed, was not done with his own defaming of Lestrade, however, causing John to glance at his watch and wish it were time for his shift at the clinic already.
“Oh, for heaven’s sake, John!” Sherlock suddenly snapped, startling both John and the cabbie so that the taxi swerved slightly, a soft swear on his lips. John glared at Sherlock after checking to make certain they weren’t about to crash into anything, scowling at the other man. “Do you have somewhere else you’d rather be?” Sherlock asked snidely, an ugly twist to his lips in a sneer, but strangely enough he was avoiding John’s eyes and was instead directing all his ire out the window still, arms crossed over his thin chest.
He wondered if one could die of embarrassment. It had seemed fine, or fine enough, last night before he’d fallen to sleep, but the morning after was always a touch more awkward. What would Jim think of him? He hadn’t been lying when he’d said he’d like to eventually…do that sort of stuff with Jim, but he was well past his youth and shouldn’t have been freaked out by the feeling of another man’s…well, by another man beneath him. It wasn’t like having another man above or behind him—and he quickly pushed such thoughts out of his mind before he could picture that and find out just what he thought about such things—so he really didn’t know why he’d freaked out the way he did.
“No!” John exclaimed, and suddenly his hands were on Sherlock’s hips again, firm, lifting Sherlock up and practically throwing him on the sofa next to him as he scrambled to his feet away from the sofa. He was breathing quickly, eyes wide and skin flushed, and he was staring at Sherlock as though he’s never seen him before. “What the hell, Sherlock!”
“Yeah,” Jim quietly agreed. “Rober—I mean, the mugger didn’t do it for long, but he left it pretty tender.”
Though Sherlock had every intention of this taking place in the bedroom, where he had everything set up already, he slowly maneuvered John to the sofa for the time being. He knew John might balk if he was just thrust into this. He needed John to understand that Sherlock would do whatever it would take to make him happy. Whatever John wanted, for however long John wanted him.
As inexperienced in these matters as Sherlock was, however, he knew that John wouldn’t take it quite the right way if Sherlock just bent over the moment John arrived home. No, there had to be subtlety, build-up, and most importantly there had to be romance. Something Sherlock was still learning about.
“Right,” John had said a bit wryly, and Sherlock wondered how panicked his expression had been. “Asexual,” John had continued to say, as though reminding himself. He’d been quiet, pensive, attention focused inward, and Sherlock felt his gut in his throat. Because this was it, wasn’t it? John couldn’t be with someone who found sex—maybe not quite repulsive—but definitely completely unappealing. John would end this before it ever truly began.
Sherlock scowled, crossing his arms and looking away. “You like sex, John. I don’t. We’re really not compatible.”
As John carefully made his way upstairs, he was horrible conscious of the clothes he had worn the previous day, as well as the far more herbal scent of shampoo that, while still masculine, was not his usual brand. He bet it probably cost more, too. He’d never arrived last night, now he was showing up after breakfast…Mrs Hudson no doubt noticed. Had she said anything? Would Sherlock?
When, the next day, he found his little ace flag pinned to the wall above their bed, Sherlock began reconsidering his previous assessment, and thought maybe it would be nice to have their signatures on a flimsy piece of paper after all.
“What’s wrong then?” John asked, refusing to be deflected. “No, don’t lie,” he said firmly but not unkindly when Sherlock opened his mouth, causing the other man to snap his jaw closed and let out a huffing sigh.
“I love you too, Sherlock. You don’t need to feel obligated to repeat it. I know. I couldn’t ever doubt it, not after tonight, not after what you were willing to do.” John softly sighed, moving his hand to begin carding through Sherlock’s hair just as he knew he liked it. “I hope you won’t doubt it of me either now.”
John didn’t do a very good job of it, he thought with an odd twist in his gut and the feeling like his lungs had frozen over. He dismissed the thought, however. He hadn’t the time to indulge in thoughts. He had to pick up the flat.
“Why are these flowers tossed out?” a voice that sounded almost familiar asked, and Sherlock looked up from his phone to scowl at the person who had interrupted him. It was the nurse from earlier. The limping one. Except…
“-orry, sorry,” Jim was saying contritely as he straightened and glanced over his shoulder. “I was just trying to take a quick shower while the coffee brewed, forgot to turn off the alarm.”
Jim looked down at his glass, clinking the ice around for a moment, letting out a soft sigh. “A brother. Younger. Last I heard of him, he was a station master in Bristol, but that was years ago. Had a bit of falling out with the family when my…
Sherlock has showered, quite thoroughly, with all the necessary accoutrements he’d read about online, despite his alarm about such things. It needed to be done. So, he’d showered, waxed, trimmed, and overall groomed himself as the information online told him too, and picked out an outfit he knew that John found pleasing, pacing back and forth as he waited for John to arrive.
Face now unobscured, Sherlock turned his head to better take in the man frowning at his drip bag and then at his chart. Tan, fading but still there, though not above his wrists which Sherlock could easily see in the short-sleeved scrubs. Hair closely cut though growing out. Despite apparent limp the man stood squarely on both feet when at rest, a stiff uniformity to the sharp line of his back. Left hand trembled ever so slightly, flexed fingers curled into a fist, released, back to the vitals. Thin. The scrubs, already unflattering on almost anyone, hung loosely over the man’s short frame. Dark bags under eyes that a moment ago had been sparkling with mirth but were now returned to a dull blue.
“God, you’re something else entirely, aren’t you?” John asked, but he was smiling as he said it again, and he cupped Sherlock’s jaw to lightly kiss him. “Go on then. You take care of the bedroom, and I’ll clean up out here. And then I’m going to cuddle you all night long, all right?”
“Oh!” he suddenly exclaimed, feeling like an idiot for having forgotten the wine. The knowledge of what was to come left him far too flustered, and he again silently berated himself for his folly. He stood quickly from the table, moving to grab the wine from the cabinet he’d been safely storing it in, before moving once more to the table to pour them both a healthy glassful.
“Because, you idiot, I have you. I don’t need sex as long as I have you,” John said, pulling back enough to smile up at Sherlock. “I’m never going to leave you again, all right? Not until you get tired of how stupid I am and send me on my way.”
Frowning, John reached out to place his hand on Jim’s knee. “I’m sorry,” he said. “When my sister came out, my dad went ballistic too,” he huffed. “It was bad enough Harry was a girl, in his eyes, but having her be gay too…”
“Jim, no,” John said with feeling, and though it made his stomach quiver with unknown feeling, he moved to sit on the couch with Jim, though nowhere near as closely as they had been before. “It’s not…it’s not anything against you, I promise.”
soon.” He chuckled, gathering up the empty bottles. “Since you’re staying, how about a little something stronger, as a nightcap?” he asked with a wink.
should be getting home now.” He stood up, readjusting to the world and the thought of trying to catch a taxi at this hour, wondering if it had been wise to leave Sherlock alone for this long. He very well could have burned down the flat by now for all John knew. Though he figured Lestrade would at least
pouting at a night that could have been spent much more pleasurably. He was already plotting his next move, however. After all, John wanted to go slow, so Jim would go slow. Slow and torturous. If John wanted to get used to the male body, well, who was Jim to stop him?
Jim’s smile, though still shy, grew a little wider. “You could always pay me back another time. I know a better place to get coffee. Or…” Jim bit his lip again before giving a small shrug. “It doesn’t have to be coffee,” he added quietly.
Jim took in a deep breath, but then he offered John a familiar shy smile, and John thought that maybe they would be okay. “I would really like to try them with you too, John. When you’re ready. I’m sorry I was so pushy. I just…after Robert came back, all I could think about was you, and I worried I lost my chance with you, and then I ran into you again and you were still so kind and thoughtful and even more handsome than I remembered and I honestly don’t think I’ve ever met anyone like you before, John Watson. I didn’t want to lose you again.”
He would certainly be calling one of his men to deal with his frustration later, after John left. He had to keep things a little milder than he usually preferred, however, as he couldn’t risk further injury for John to see next time he managed to get shirtless around the man. No, he had to be on his best behaviour—
John moved from his side of the booth over to Jim’s in an instant, picking up a clean napkin from the stack and holding it up to Jim’s lips to lightly press against the sudden welling of blood. He smiled a little abashedly, his free arm snaked around the booth’s back around Jim’s shoulders, but didn’t pull away. Given the flush but rather pleased look he received for his troubles, he didn’t think that Jim much minded.
The next few days passed in much the same fashion, and though Sherlock’s bone and bruising slowly began healing, his cold seemed to linger on. His fever spiked during one night, but thankfully lowered itself by the next morning, but it left Sherlock on slightly stronger medicine to try to help relieve both it and his continued coughing fits, which only aggravated his injuries.
much, even quietly to himself? And before her was the army, and before that had been school, and yeah, he had been maybe a bit of a slag both places, but nothing had ever been serious. Not like it was with Jim.
There was no mistaking that voice, not even for a second, and John had thickly swallowed down everything he wasn’t quite sure he wanted to say.
John’s hand flexed at his side, an old phantom pain flaring in his leg before he pushed it aside. He couldn’t do him the dishonour of that. Instead, John moved forward, moving sedately through the flat and picking up the debris of the past forty-eight hours, thinking with an almost sardonic twitch of his brow that that had been how long to change his life the first time with him as well.
“I’m glad I was the one able to help you,” John replied with an answering smile, pushing other thoughts away. “If you get into any other sorts of trouble, I want you to come to me, all right? Even if it’s just an electrical shock from a rowdy computer, all right?” he teased.
I had this idea for a little while, a what-if of Moriarty dating John instead of Molly during The Great Game, so I had to write this little thing. There's probably already plenty of fics like it already, but this is my version.
John sighed, rubbing his hands over his face before tossing aside the blanket they’d draped over themselves last night and standing up, cracking out his back with a wince. He really needed to stop sleeping anywhere other than a bed. Maybe next time he’d take Jim up on the offer of his bed after all—if there was a next time. He supposed that he would soon find out. Now that he was more awake, he could spell the glorious scent of coffee, though Jim was nowhere to be found. Or at least…he hadn’t been.
Sherlock startled, silently reprimanding himself for not hearing John coming up the stairs, but then he had been rather preoccupied. He turned, swallowed, took in John who was still standing in the doorway and blinking rather stupidly at their kitchen table that was, for once, completely devoid of anything bordering on hazardous and was instead set up with tall white taper candles between two place settings. Soft music played in the air.
John had heard the softer tones change, cracking, into the rumbling baritone he was now so familiar with. He hadn’t thought much of it at the time when he was younger, the fact that his voice was male, but then his sister had come out a gay and their father was less than pleased.
“I work in the IT department. New hire. I was just getting off my shift, but I have some spare clothes just in case. Don’t worry about me, go get cleaned up and I’ll get the coffee.” The man grinned again, reaching out to clasp John’s shoulder, giving it a small squeeze before ducking around him, hurrying to the cafeteria.
“You really should drink more water, Mr Holmes,” John said mildly, moving to check Sherlock’s vitals once he saw the man reluctantly finally obey and drink from the blasted neon straw. Sherlock, wheezing slightly but no longer feeling like he was choking on dust or wood shaving, watched John unnecessarily fiddle with his monitors. Someone else had just recently been in. His vitals didn’t need to be checked. John came during a brief moment of free time.
Grinning, Jim slid in against John until their thighs were flush against each other, leaning until his lips lightly grazed John’s jaw. “John,” he breathed, his hand splayed against his chest. He nuzzled at John’s jaw, working his lips down to John’s neck, causing John to draw in a shuddering breath. “Let me know if you want me to stop,” he whispered.
Jim shuddered on the sofa, dark eyes of reproach and annoyance on John’s back before they smoothed to worry and concern, and he quickly sat up and scoot further back into the corner of the sofa. “Don’t,” he said quietly. “Don’t apologise. You did nothing wrong. If anyone should apologise, then it’s me. I’m so sorry, I didn’t mean to push you.”
Jim gave a wry smile and touched his tender bottom lip, which was still sluggishly oozing blood as he kept absentmindedly biting it with his unease. “Yeah, it’s in the loo, in the cupboard. I’ll make some tea, all right?”
John leaned down to press a kiss to the top of Sherlock’s head, smiling into the curls. “Come on. How about we go to bed. I had a long day at the clinic, and you seem like you’ve had a long day as well. I just want to hold you as we fall asleep.”
Sherlock, meanwhile, rolled his eyes. “Eat up, dearest,” he deadpanned, causing John to snort in laughter and nearly spill his wine as he reached for it. He grinned across the table at Sherlock, holding up his glass. Sherlock, expression softening slightly, did the same. “To living in sin,” John said, face warm with affection.
Jim huffed a short laugh, scrubbing his face and shaking his head as he looked away. “I mean…I guess I can take comfort in the fact that at least I can be certain you aren’t just using me for a quick lay,” he said, voice rife with self-hatred.
“Is this your way of asking me out, Mr Worth?” John replied archly as he settled into his own seat, though his lips curled up slightly, revealing what he really felt about the matter.
Pulling out his phone, John quickly typed the digits in before saving it under the name ‘Jim.’ After a moment’s hesitation, and a quick glance at the smiley on his palm, John added a happy emoji face next to the name.
Seeming to realize he’d been staring, John startled a little before giving Jim a small, nervous smile. “Oh, not at all,” he replied, turning his gaze back down to his drink. “Er, I ordered already, sorry. What can I get you?”
All this meant, of course, was that Sherlock’s mind wasn’t at his best, especially considering he was also physically unwell and running a low fever from his illness as well as from his injuries. Which really only left him with one course of action.
. Of course, he could allow none of this to show in his expression when he turned back to look at John, and instead gave the man a small, almost shy smile.
A middle-class family—wife, husband, teenage daughter—gone for the weekend comes home to find their house vandalised and burgled. Definitely didn’t seem like a case Sherlock would typically be interested in, unless there was something spectacular on the other pages. John flipped them up, glancing at the details. Random silverware, some jewellery, but the thing that was most missed was some sort of heirloom jewelled egg. He supposed that could be mildly interesting but…it was just a fancy egg. He seriously doubted Sherlock cared. He certainly didn’t see what was so…
“That obvious, am I?” he asked in a tone that said he was used to being analysed. And this was where things would get interesting. It was obvious the former army doctor was intrigued by Sherlock’s ability of deduction and observation, but he was also clearly irritated by it on occasions too. Jim certainly had his own skills in that regard, though his was more in tune with the behaviour of people, and Jim knew he needed to tread a fine line of keeping Sherlock’s pet interested but not wary. After all, Jim from IT didn’t want to be another Sherlock Holmes. No, he had to be
Judging by Lestrade’s fuming face, John considered the man was about to pop a blood vessel. John was considering who it was who needed rescuing, Lestrade about to suffer apoplexy or Sherlock who was most likely to be thrown in one of the nearby cells for annoyance of a police officer, when Sherlock glanced over at him. After a split second where John glanced at his watch again, Sherlock let out another small growl and swiped a case file off Lestrade’s desk seemingly at random.
Ah, poor, stupid John. Confused, concerned, completely falling for Jim’s trap. Jim lift his eyes which were completely dry, but a hint of hurt played in their black depths. “Ah,” he said, seeming to force himself to smile. “It’s nothing. Really. I just suppose I’m a bit nonthreatening,” he said with a humourless laugh, though inwardly his laugh was anything but humourless and nonthreatening. “I’ve had more than one man coming to terms with their sexuality use me to figure out what they like before moving on to someone for something more…serious. Still, can’t say it’s not fun,” he said with another seemingly forced smile before taking a gulp of his brew.
“The bruising will take some time to fade,” John murmured instead, moving to get gauze and disinfectant for Jim’s bloody lip. “This might sting a little bit,” he warned. Jim nodded slightly, though he still winced and sharply inhaled a breath as the cool liquid touched his lip. “Sorry,” John said with a small wince of his own.
John hesitated, not certain how he felt about borrowing another man’s pyjamas, but he also wasn’t looking forward to sleeping in the trousers he’d worn all day at work. And a shower honestly sounded heavenly as well. “Yeah, okay. Won’t be a minute,” he said, heading off towards the short hallway, the end of which held Jim’s room. He hesitated again at the entry of it, feeling the invasion of privacy again as he looked in, almost a little embarrassed on Jim’s behalf.
“I’m not going anywhere, you daft man,” he murmured. “I told you. I love you. I’m not with you because I want sex. I’m with you because I was dying before I met you. Every day it was harder and harder to get up, to shower and get dressed, to pretend I had a life to live. Every day it was harder and harder to ignore the gun in my drawer. Shh,” he murmured when Sherlock twitched.
Even if you had a soulmate, that didn’t mean things always worked out. You didn’t always find them, and if you were the speaker you really couldn’t tell if you had once until your listener found you. If the listener died before finding the speaker, it only made sense for the speaker to assume they never had a soulmate to begin with. John didn’t know if that was easier or better than knowing you had a soulmate and never got a chance to meet them.
Jim snorted quietly behind him, carrying two mugs of tea, towel more firmly wrapped now but still looking precarious as thought any slight movement might blow it open. “Here,” he said, holding out a mug. “Sorry, I didn’t mean to, uh, startle you with my appearance. Probably not the best sight in the world,” he sighed with a familiar self-deprecating roll of his eyes.
If it weren’t for the fact that Jim was in it for the long game, he might have manoeuvred the night to take John back to one of his London flats and unleash that something hidden. Alas, he could not rush things, and he wanted John at ease. Preferably without too much drama of his burgeoning sexuality crisis.
Of course, then the touches slowly became more lingering, the looks more charged, and then that glorious night they were racing back home in a mirror of their first adventure together, laughing in the vestibule, smiling, and before Sherlock knew it they were kissing.
“I’m sorry, Jim,” he repeated in lieu of anything more meaningful to say. “I just…I’m not ready. This is moving too fast.” Which was something he’d never said before, he knew, which made him feel even worse. His father’s words still existed in his head, however, and there was no denying the form below him when
The younger man was asleep, of course, and John didn’t want to disturb him. Another hour or so wouldn’t hurt anything, would it?
Sherlock shot John a brief grin before leading him the empty space in the sitting room, pulling John close and letting him take the lead as they gently swayed to the instrumental music playing from the speakers. He knew John wasn’t necessarily a fan of dancing, but he did know that the man was a fan of holding Sherlock, and he seemed to relax with the tall man in his arms once more.
John huffed in laughter, rolling his eyes as he relaxed in to the sofa likewise facing him, and brought his glass up for a taste. The smoky flavour burned the back of his throat, leaving a pleasant warmth in his chest as he gazed at Jim. He considered continuing the tease, considered denying that he was going to after all, but the wash of alcohol again had him feeling quite mellow and…well, pleased at the prospect of taking Jim out on a proper date.
Sherlock was frozen in place as John slowly prowled forward, staring at him with wide unblinking eyes, as if disbelieving what he was seeing. The flush was brighter now, all encompassing, and John wondered if it had travelled down to his chest as well. He offered a small smile to the taller man, and slowly he reached out to press his hand against the other man’s chest, causing Sherlock to suck in a sharp breath. He imagined he could feel Sherlock’s heart trying to beat itself out of his ribcage.
“So…what are your plans today?” John murmured as they finished up eating. His time, he knew, was drawing to a close.
After several moments of tense silence, John sighed. “So. Where are we going then? What’s the case?”
Stepping forward, halting legs, John began picking up the room. He straightened the table of elements which had become eschewed on its hook, and he carefully folded the clothes strewn from the wardrobe. He set the pillows back on the bed, but paused at the frame cracked on the grown beneath. He picked it up, a shaky finger following the line of the crack over the glass covering, and he swallowed at the ebullient smile staring up at him. Perhaps one of the last times he’d looked so happy in his brother’s presence.
Sooooooo. Hello. I decided that I definitely wanted to turn this into a chaptered story, however updates will be slow in coming and on no real schedule, so it's going to be a surprise for everyone, even me. I'm sorry for people wanting more rapid and predictable updates, but life does not present me the luxury to focus on my fanfic writing as much as I would like. I hope no one's too disappointed, but that's just the things are. I will update as able, but there may be long stretches of time between them. Please be courteous and bear with me. Thank you.
In that instant of moving, and he didn’t really know who moved first, and feeling Jim’s lips pressed against his own even with their metallic taste, John found that he didn’t much care either. About anything.
, thank you very much. Jim’s penis. And, really, John was well used to one what with having one of his own and dealing with them in his practice. They all roughly looked the same, he knew that his own was a little bit more than average, with matching testicles, thank you very much. If there was one thing about himself that John
He’d thought about telling Sherlock at the pool. He didn’t want to die with that secret. He wanted Sherlock to know. He stopped pretending to himself then too. He was madly in love with Sherlock Holmes, his soulmate. He almost told him, and then Moriarty came back and he never really got the chance again. Which was just as well because it wasn’t too long after that John’s heart shattered with the knowledge that Sherlock could never love him.
“It’s not like you to get so worked up before a date,” Sherlock drawled from where he was cleaning his violin, startling John from his thoughts. Judging by Sherlock’s actions, Mrs Hudson was due to have a symphony of discordant proportions while John was on his date, causing the man to wince slightly in sympathy. Sherlock always did get rather annoyed when anything came in the way of the Work, and even if he had no case on at the moment anymore, he still apparently resented John going on dates in case something
So thank you again, each and every single one of you who have kept by this story and me and my unscheduled, random updates, and for all your words of encouragement and love that you've sent me. You're the best readers that a writer could ask for. <3 xxx
Jim lightly chuckled, nodding, though he looked down. At least, until John’s free hand carefully cupped his jaw, lifting his head up until he could stare into his eyes. A moment of silence passed between them, and then John was leaning forward, carefully pressing their lips together. Jim let out a small noise that did not at all sound disapproving, following it up by sliding his own hand around John’s neck and into his hair as their lips slotted and moved against each other. The pace was slow, sweet, and though John felt a warmth in his belly, it came from more than just arousal.
Jim had more bruises around his midsection, as well as on his upper arms which had been hidden by his shirt sleeves, as well as a faint discoloration along his back. He might not be a Sherlock Holmes, but he was a medical man, and he could guess at the play of events that must have transpired. Held firmly, pushed into a wall, choked, punched…it wasn’t a random act of violence or mugging. A friend? An ex? Another jilted lover?
“You’re not a nurse,” Sherlock repeated, despite not caring to repeat himself normally. “I’ve seen you three times reach as though for a coat pocket, and whenever someone says the word ‘doctor’ outside the room you automatically turn to look. You’re not normally a nurse.”
Alarm bells clanged loudly in John’s head, and he sat up straighter, leaning in slightly. “He didn’t…hurt you any other way, did he?” he asked, feeling a dark anger rising up within him.
He could feel John growing harder beneath him as he rocked his hips lightly over him, feeling his stomach curl into uncomfortable knots, but he didn’t let it show. Instead, he smiled at John through his lashes, and his hands moved between them to begin undoing John’s trousers. “I’m doing what I should have done a long time ago. I know you want me. I’m sorry I’ve been so selfish. I want you to have me whenever you want,” he purred in John’s ear.
Sherlock perked up at that, just as John knew he would, and he could help but fondly shake his head and let out another laugh. Reluctantly he put space between them, before indicating Sherlock to sit down while he fetched his med kit. It was exceedingly difficult to actually check Sherlock’s vitals, of course, since the man tried to kiss him every chance he got.
The problem, of course, was that John was an incredibly sexual being, and Sherlock…well, Sherlock was not. He’d heard the term asexual be used to describe him before, a scoffing offhand remark by Donovan after yet another case with a crime of passion being the cause, and he supposed it fit. He’d gone home and looked it up a bit after John had grown defensive on his behalf, back before they were anything together, and he had to say that it fit him rather perfectly. Donovan had meant it as an insult, but the truth stared at him in the form of the word’s definition.
“I’m snogging you, what does it look like,” Sherlock lightly grumbled, nipping at John’s bottom lip as his hands slid over his partner’s chest.
Sherlock flinched as he was thrown, and he looked up at John with equally wide eyes, feeling a fissure of fear rush through him. This wasn’t how this was supposed to go. “What?” he asked, petulant and worried, brows furrowed. “John…” he began, moving to kneel on the sofa facing John. “I’m saying we can have sex.”
They were empty now. Emptier than the words being spoken to him, pulling him away from blue…blue and red.
Carrying the small kit back to the main room, he glanced over at Jim who was busying himself setting up a tea tray, finding himself relaxing again. This was all fine. He was merely at a friend’s house, patching him up. A male friend. A male friend he had gone on a date with. A male friend he had wanted (still wanted) to go on another date with. A male friend he had been close to snogging in a pub not even an hour earlier.
“Trust me, John. It’s really not my area, nor do I even want one. I shudder to think of the obligations being soulmates entail.”
Jim’s lips quirked a little bit, before wincing as it stretched the wound there. “Not entirely how I imagined the first time you examine me to go,” he mused quietly, sounding as though he were trying too hard for levity. He swallowed and risked a glance up at John. “John…”
Sherlock snorted. “Don’t be an idiot, John,” he all but sneered but did not elaborate. Don’t be an idiot, of course he did? Or, don’t be an idiot, how could he know without first arriving at the scene? The first was most likely, considering Sherlock had solved cases through just pictures before, but then why this charade of going to the house in the first place then?
John groaned, not certain he was prepared for a crisis about his sexuality this late in his life, but he was a soldier. He wasn’t going to run scared. So, with this thought in mind, he found the new contact and typed out a quick message before hitting send. There. Done. No harm done.
Had he been alone, he might have given the matter more thought, might have looked up that sort of porn before his date after all, had it not been for his snooping flatmate. He’d enjoyed that sort of thing with women before, but two men? That would remain to be seen. When he had time to know that he had fully and properly deleted his search history, even in incognito mode. One could never trust secrets around a consulting genius.
Sherlock snorted. “It’s obvious. You have a tan that doesn’t reach past your wrists, so you’ve been abroad recently but not for pleasure, coupled with your haircut and the way you hold yourself speaks of military. So most likely Afghanistan or Iraq. Wounded in action no doubt, traumatic going by your hand and your limp, which you seem to forget whenever you’re standing, so psychosomatic. You were inured elsewhere. Shoulder most likely, given your hand, though that’s really nothing to do with nerve damage, or at least not a lot of it. Your hand is steady when you’re distracted. Another psychological symptom. So really, obvious you have a therapist, and a rubbish one at that. Fire them.”
, the voice had sneered as John lightly examined the red mark left on Harry’s face. It would bruise, but it could have been worse. They both knew that from experience. Harry didn’t stick around much after that, not that John blamed her.
“Sorry,” the man sheepishly said, letting his shirt go with a shiver, and John thought he might have caught an Irish lilt to his words. “I really should have been watching where I was going.”
Sherlock had looked at John like he’d grown a second head, pausing in his attempt to leave the sofa where he and John had been tangled in a kiss just moments before. “Cuddling?”
“No matter,” John said, perhaps a little gruffer than normal, before returning to Jim’s side with a bit of ointment. “It looks like we can avoid the stitches, but you’re going to want to be very careful with the injury for the next few days, if not longer,” he advised.
Hesitating for only a moment, Sherlock took hold of John’s hands and slid them further back, placing him on his own arse as he slid further in again, pressing against John the right way this time judging by the sharp inhale of breath and the way he tensed beneath him. “John,” he breathed, low, deep, rumbling with his feelings for the man beneath him.
“I looked you up,” Jim said, ducking his head to look up through his lashes as though embarrassed. “After the first day. I…I found your blog.”
“Tell me, does she work or study here?” Sherlock drawled, sounding absolutely bored. “Judging by the way you’re careful not to let anything tough your palm, I’d say she has to be much younger if she uses the infantile gesture of writing her number on your hand.”
Jim, eyes open now to stare fondly at John, nodded. He tentatively touched his lip before practicing closing his mouth partly. When he was satisfied it was dry enough to speak, he smiled. “Thank you. I will. I look greatly forward to that date. But I hope you aren’t leaving now. The tea should be ready now.”
Slipping his phone back into his pocket, John continued on his way home, unaware that not too far away, his date was smirking in the back of his “taxi,” sober and eager to implement the next step in his plan.
The surprised look on Jim’s face morphed into a happy smile, and Jim scoot just a touch closer to John as he drank from his glass. “Dr Watson,” he murmured quietly, “I would be honoured.”
With new vigour due to Jim’s responsiveness to his more domineering kiss, kisses he’d had to temper for his previous girlfriends and female lovers, John returned to rocking against Jim, eliciting a moan that was almost a whine from the man beneath him. Smirking against Jim’s lips, John took Jim’s bottom lip roughly between his teeth and bit down as he slid a hand to cup Jim’s arse and bring him even closer.
Sherlock still thought John had a date with a woman, and John had made certain not to leave his phone lying around or look up anything embarrassing on his computer. As much as John wished he could. He honestly didn’t really know what to expect. Was dating a man different from dating a woman? Were expectations the same? He didn’t know if he’d be any good dating a man. Then again, he thought a little dryly, he didn’t think he was very good at dating women either. Not long term, at least.
With a breath that might have been shuddered, John slowly stepped into the room. His eyes moved—slugging, worn out—to
“You’re so romantic,” John said, fluttering his lashes. There was no antagonism to his words, however, only the briefest tease. He knew what he was getting into with Sherlock, or so he should by now.
Lestrade visited, and though there was a slight furrow of concern at one of Sherlock’s coughing fits, he still happily pulled out his phone and took copious of pictures of a petulant Sherlock. Even Sherlock sending a two-fingered salute in some of the pictures didn’t dampen the DI’s good humour, which annoyed Sherlock to no end.
Sherlock did his usual bit of sniffing around for clues, despite the crime scene having already been cleaned up (for the most part, the graffiti was merely hidden under poster paper until the painters could arrive apparently) and the family being moved back in, while occasionally mumbling under his breath, most likely something insulting, so it’s probably a good thing I couldn’t hear it. He snooped along for a while, much longer than I would have thought he’d do, then strangely enough asked me what I thought!
That thought alone had made John pull back before he could do much more than flick his tongue against Jim’s tender lips, which he was in hindsight grateful for. The pub was one he frequented after work sometimes, and the chances of being recognised were high, and he wasn’t quite certain he was ready for that yet. Even if a more primal part of him had wanted to do more than simply shove his tongue down Jim’s throat.
L, a mere child really, broke down after only a slight interrogation by Sherlock, who laid her bare with just his words, and gave up everything, including where R was hiding out with the egg, waiting to come in the night and steal her away once the investigation cooled down some. When questioned why R wasn’t a suspect already, Sherlock pointed out in the report notes that the boy had an alibi given for him by his older sister in the city of “C”. He didn’t even seem snide that I had missed that!
“Was that when this happened?” John asked, keeping his tone mild, soft, like one would for a spooked animal, and indicated the bruising at Jim’s neck.
Because Sherlock—Sherlock who had reprimanded him for taking so long getting ready the entire way to New Scotland Yard—didn’t actually have a case of his own. No, the idiot instead had entered NSY with the sole purpose of harassing Lestrade for whatever case he could get his hands on…at least, as long as it was interesting. The rush out the door made no sense then, nor did Sherlock’s peevishness, and it left John with an even worse headache than he’d had that morning. Rolling his eyes, he pushed off the wall.
“No, I wrote it down.” He leaned in, pressing a soft kiss to John’s jaw. “You should go. Before I decide not to let you,” he said with a small huff. “Kissing you is far more enjoyable.”
John ran his hand disbelievingly over his face, before staring up at the ceiling and giving a mirthless chuckle. “Sherlock…you’re asexual,” he pointed out as if Sherlock could have possibly forgotten that. “Unless that’s changed…”
Groaning again, John leaned forward over his knees and pressed his face into his hands. So his old army mates might not have been on board with a John ‘Three-Continents’ Watson that also liked blokes. So all he could remember at present was the black eye their father had given Harry when she brought her first girlfriend around. None of them were around at the moment. No, it was just him and Jim. Jim who, by all rights, should have kicked him out at the first opportunity last night. Instead, Jim had curled up against John and, as far as John recalled, had fallen asleep there in his arms. Or, at least, John had fallen asleep.
As he watched Jim stiffly begin taking off his (now bloodstained) shirt, John wondered just what Jim was thinking with all of this. First, he seemed just as interested as John was, then he dropped off the face of the earth, only to return battered and now flirting with him again. He didn’t know what to expect anymore, so he settled into his doctor role and tried to push their personal relationship—whatever the hell it was—to the side to deal with later.
John snorted, eyed Sherlock’s outstretched hand, before rolling his eyes and taking it. “You daft man,” he gently chided, but the affection in his tone was palpable.
Sherlock grimaced as the cold water worked over his abused throat, knowing he was probably going to be hoarse for a while with how much he was coughing lately. Thankfully his injuries were on the mend. Perhaps he might even be able to escape the hospital soon, though…
Clearing his throat, John finally focused on the file in his lap, opening the folder to see what sort of mess they were getting themselves into; he really hoped he wouldn’t have to call off at the clinic. They were really getting annoyed at him for his late days and missed shifts. It wasn’t like he could help it, however. Sometimes he wondered which one was his real job and which one was secondary. Withholding a snort at the thought of what Sherlock would surely say about that, John considered the details before him.
John turned back around, though he could hardly bring himself to look at Jim, and more looked at the spot next to his ear than at the man himself. “I…” John didn’t know what to say. He had enjoyed himself, that much was quite obvious, and he had found pleasure in very male body against and below him, up until a certain point. Feeling one specific part of Jim’s anatomy had been startling, something far too new for him to handle so soon into his exploration into bisexuality, and he’d freaked out. God, he was pathetic.
“You too, John.” The smile Jim gave him was almost shy, and a curious feeling came over John. He’d seen that look directed at him before, but from women.
Jim hummed at the thought, eyes closing with a smile as his hand drifted over his stomach, teasing at his trail of hair. He imagined it, imagined how it would go. First, he’d have John. Though he couldn’t deny the appeal of riding a thick, hard cock, feeling it fill him completely, he was a bit of a switch, when the mood struck him. He imagined John, naked, sweaty, trembling on hands and knees, perhaps with a gag in his mouth. Blindfolded? Perhaps. Definitely with a collar on. He imagined kneeling behind him, feeling the warmth of John, the squeeze of him, ready to be claimed by his master. Oh, the delicious sounds he’d make. Muffled by the gag? Or allowed to shout to his heart’s content as Jim filled him up? Both were appealing.
Not that he thought John would be rough with him. He knew John wouldn’t get off on causing Sherlock pain, which was perhaps why the man hadn’t pushed for sex yet with Sherlock, despite the clear indicators that he wanted it. However, Sherlock was not at all interested in the activity, and even if he took medication to facilitate an erection, he knew that it would do nothing about how tense he was behind.
Sherlock tightened his hold on John. “It doesn’t bother me you’re sexually attracted to me. That you develop erections because of me. It bothers me that you might regret it, entering into a sexless relationship with me. Might resent the lack of sex.”
Swallowing, John nodded. His hand holding the bloody napkin dropped to the table. “You need to be careful with your injuries,” he reminded.
happened. There were voices, hands pulling him away, but all he saw was blue, crystalline blue this time. They always changed. Never seemed to remain the same colour. He loved that about them. Loved their intelligence.
Sherlock stiffened against him, but John didn’t pull away. He didn’t hide, didn’t try to take it back, he just sat there looking up at the other man. Sherlock swallowed thickly, blinked rapidly, licked his lips, and shuddered against John before pulling him in for another kiss.
“Hmm, I suppose the truth will never be known.” John glanced at Jim, smirking, and was pleased to see the other man struggling to keep his scowl in place. It felt good, this sort of flirtatious bantering, and he was happy to see that Jim’s unease from earlier was no longer evident on his features. He let out pleased sound, pulling out a small tube from the kit. “Oh, wonderful, you have medical glue. This should work nicely.” Had he known the trouble Jim’s mouth would be (he was trying not to think of any double entendre there), he would have applied it at the clinic, however he had thought it’d heal fine without it then.
Well, the matter of the biological reproduction bit aside, that did rather fit Sherlock like one of his bespoke suits. He didn’t feel sexual feelings or desires, or as another definition termed it, sexual attraction. Even though he was in a relationship with John now, he wasn’t sexually attracted to the man. He acknowledged the man’s beauty, acknowledged he was indeed physically attractive and had a definite sexual energy over him, but Sherlock’s own sexual attraction to that simply did not exist.
Ridding himself immediately of that sort of thought, having no interest to go down that road, John instead turned his attention back to Jim and his upcoming date. And the possibility of a very real
man, his brain couldn’t help remarking on, reminding John of the look and feel of Jim’s body against him—and with that came certain difficulties. Though the world was far more progressive now than when he was in uni, there was still a certain stigma surrounding same-sex couples, especially male same-sex couples. Was he prepared to deal with that? To be…out?
He supposed it should have been obvious. Only someone like The Woman could hope to ensnare someone like Sherlock Holmes. John had done his best to keep his jealousy in check, had to remind himself that just because Sherlock was his soulmate it didn’t mean that he owned him, and threw himself back into his old habit of focusing on women. He only admitted to himself in a whisper that a tiny portion of him had been a bit pleased he had thought she was dead. He hated himself for it too.
He would go to bed. He would go to sleep. Maybe, if he was very lucky, he wouldn’t wake up. There wasn’t really a point to anymore. Maybe he would join Billy. Waiting, silent, waiting for him to come back.
“Dumped again, were you?” Sherlock commented, sounding far too obvious to be conversational, leaving John gritting his teeth. “Didn’t last long, did she? Just what are you doing to them to make them run away so fast?”
Sherlock snorted, rolling his eyes. “Your simple little mind is so droll, John,” he said with flippant sarcasm, setting his polishing rag aside to test out the cords of his instrument.
“It also seemed like you only recently broke up with your ex,” Jim murmured, glancing at John before focusing on his pint.
would not let him hurt Jim. Pathetic. But it worked in Jim’s favour, and was just to his plan. “I suppose I would be a hypocrite if I did,” he added with a grin, his shoulders relaxing some.
However, then John entered the room, and Sherlock suddenly saw everything in a new light. Lestrade was leaning forward in his chair by the bed, lips curled down in mild concern at another coughing fit of Sherlock’s, his hand settled lightly over Sherlock where wrist met arm. Lestrade’s familiarity with Sherlock would be evident even to an idiot, and John was no idiot. Well. Not like most people were idiots.
“Detective Inspector Lestrade. He said you work together, that you’re like a freelance investigator.”
at Jim’s nearly naked body. He jumped, knowing his face had to be enflamed this time, and hastily dragged his gaze from Jim’s chest. The presence of Jim’s bruising helped some, helped temper John’s confused libido, but he was still intrigued about the change in his views.
He would never admit it, of course, but Donovan’s words did carry their punch. Not an extreme amount, but she was the hardly the first to label him as something untoward, not the first to condemn him for who he was. He had been alone most his life, and though he had John now who understood the fight against a heteronormative world where everything was in black and white, his virginity had always been a sore subject.
He didn’t bother taking his shoes off. No one was left to care anymore. He didn’t even bother getting under the covers. They still smelled like him. They still smelled alive.
John began, a little worried about Sherlock’s continued lack of response, but all thoughts were wiped from his mind when Sherlock’s hands came up and pulled John in again, crushing their lips together in a desperate kiss. John felt the worry inside him melt away, and he happily wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s neck at the eager kiss, letting Sherlock remain in control, opening himself up when he felt the sweep of Sherlock’s tongue.
“Hey John,” Becca at the receptionist desk tiredly stated as he walked in, having to step around several persons with varying injuries, all of whom looked disgruntled to be there. “Sorry to call you in on your day off.”
Not everyone had one. In fact, John supposed he was one of the lucky few that did. It wasn’t necessarily rare to have a soulmate, but it was special, and it was coveted. There were those that were born without soulmates who grew jealous at the connections other had, and there were those who had believed they were without soulmates and accidentally married the wrong person, causing quite a stir.
John sucked in a deep breath, taking a startled step back, feeling his legs tremble and threaten to go out. Wh-what?!
John had returned shortly after, aggrieved at their fight or so Sherlock had been told had happened, and had discovered Sherlock collapsed and very nearly convulsing. Sherlock didn’t quite know what happened after, all he knew was that he woke up in hospital, room dark save for his monitors, and John’s hand lightly clasped over his while his head lolled to the side in exhausted slumber in the chair next to the bed.
John had never expected it to get this far, had never expected the unfulfilled bond to eat away at Sherlock until there was nothing left, just this empty shell of a man curled up and given up on the sofa. The curly hair was limp and lifeless now, plastered in places to Sherlock’s skull with sweat, and the thin length of the man’s neck was pale as death.
Shaking his head, John moved to set the kit on the counter that doubled as a breakfast bar as well as the only real divider between the main room and the kitchen, standing next to the barstool chair on his side of it all. “You really need to let the lip heal, otherwise you might need to get those stitches after all.”
Besides, he didn’t even know if the date would end well or not. He didn’t know if he’d be seeing more of Jim or not. He still didn’t know if he even wanted to.
A suddenly shrill beeping came from the kitchen area, causing John to wince once more as it pieced through his head, igniting the headache from drinking to excess that had been laying in wait. From the hallway leading to the bedroom, Jim’s muffled voice could be heard repeating, “Shit, shit, shit,” until the man in question came into view. Jim was dripping wet, clad only in a white towel hastily tied around his waist and held in place with one hand, restricting his speed as he moved quickly into the kitchen to turn off the announcement from his coffee maker of a finished brew.
But if he couldn’t do that, wasn’t he just stringing Jim along then? No better than the other men in his life, than his abusive and shitty ex. Jim deserved better than that. And John? For all his discomfort, all his anxiety over this whole bisexuality and penis thing, he wanted to be that for Jim. Better.
“The case can wait,” John said decisively. “I won’t be long. Just…just give me ten minutes or so.” John sighed, shaking his head, before turning and hurrying the rest of the way up the stair before Sherlock could say anything else or deduce anything else. It was really the last thing he needed that day. So, he’d dress, brush his teeth, run a comb through his hair, maybe shave, and then he’d follow the madman downstairs wherever the hell this latest crime had taken place. And that was that.
John, instead of looking insulted, beamed up at Sherlock. “So what makes you think, even for just a second, that I can’t feel the same way about you?” He lifted his fingers to cover Sherlock’s mouth when he moved to speak. “No, not yet. Let me finish. Sherlock…you were willing to have sex with me to keep me. Why can’t I be just as willing to give up sex to keep you?”
John glanced down once again at the text he’d received earlier that day, a warm buzz of anticipation under his skin and in his belly. It was his usual pre-date feelings, but he could detect a little something more there was well. This was his first date with a man. And he wasn’t exactly gay, in case anyone forgot. John couldn’t deny that he was looking forward to it, however. Perhaps it was just what he needed, something different, something unexpected, and something Sherlock still hadn’t figured out.
John wasn’t entirely certain how wise that was, but he’d already proven that he was bad at saying no that night. “Sure,” he said instead with a grin of his own, finding almost all of Jim’s smiles infectious. “I’m just going to freshen up a bit, all right?”
Sherlock tried to look unaffected, but ultimately failed, and his eyes skittered away. “I thought…what I thought was going to happen…I wanted to make certain you had enough things for however long it would take,” he mumbled.
“Oh please, I have no interest in looking at your latest porn collection, John. Nor do I wish to read any insipid poetry this latest paramour of yours might have inspired in you. I have to deal with enough of it in your blog already.”
“Well, I certainly appreciate it,” John replied with his own small grin and tease. “If you ever feel like cooking for someone, you have my number.”
“If you’re just trying to glue my mouth shut so I shut up…” Jim warned, though his dark eyes sparkled with humour.
Jim’s entire expression brightened, and he moved quickly to prepare their drinks while John washed his hands at the kitchen sink, indicating how he preferred his tea. Though he thought it a bad idea, he agreed to Jim’s request to move to the sofa, as it’d be more comfortable, drawing in a slow breath when Jim sat a little closer than expected. Still. Everything was fine.
nice backside. Would such sex with a man be all that different from such sex with a woman? Certainly he knew the anatomical differences, and sure, a man’s body might be a little…firmer, but was it altogether different? He remembered the feeling of Jim beneath him last night, for a brief moment pictured this Jim with only the towel between them, until the memory of what was hidden beneath that towel came back to him.
Sherlock cleared his throat, turning back to John, but he paused as he saw the look in the man’s eyes. Ah. Excellent. He understood then. Sherlock had not been keen on explaining it all to the man. He might have gone to the trouble of scouring John’s blog for ideas, but the sentiment of leaving mementos of their cases together was purely for John’s benefit only. He needed tonight to be perfect. He hoped he’d chosen the right ones. He honestly didn’t know what would make John happy or not.
Sherlock’s other brow met the first in his hairline, hair still damp with sweat, before both lowered again.
Jim gave a much throatier laugh, drinking deeply from his glass, causing John to unthinkingly do the same. “We can’t have that,” he said, squeezing John’s hand still on his knee, before sliding his hand further up John’s arm. “How do you suppose we ought to fix that?” he breathed.
The most appealing thought, however, was the image of Sherlock, immobile and helpless, watching as Jim took his pet over and over again. Ungagged, then; Jim wanted Sherlock to hear John begging for it. Begging for
The smile Jim gave John at that word was almost blinding. He stepped forward, setting his cup carefully back in the holder before reaching into his back pocket for a pen. He then reached for one of John’s hands with a playful little wink and quickly scribbled on his palm. “Call me,” he said a little bashfully, before plucking his cup back up and stepping away. “Anytime.”
, but something stopped him. His eyes scanned over Jim, taking in the way the drying shirt still hugged his body close, the way the jeans fit snug but low on his waist, revealing just the hint of the line of his pants, and then back up to take in the man’s guileless but hopeful expression. He wasn’t unattractive. Not at all. In fact, Jim probably could get the number of any bloke he wanted. Which begged to question why he was bothering with a has-been like John. The only person who might have rivalled Jim’s attractiveness was a certain detective waiting for his coffee, and John halted that thought in its tracks right there.
The man glanced up at him, a hesitant but wry smile curling at his lips, but it was the eyes that rooted John to the spot. They were black, an endless void, and John felt as though he were on the edge of a precipice teetering into the abyss. The man blinked then, and John shook his head.
John frowned, pushing his own plate away at the return to the topic of Jim’s ex. “Are you going to be all right on your own? I could…call in to work.”
It really had been quite easy, orchestrating their little meet-cute. Watson was, as ever, oblivious to his surroundings. Jim was also rather skilled at playing pretend. It really spiced things up in the bedroom sometimes.
Sherlock would have dearly loved to rip into this new nurse with all his observations intact, but the truth was that, despite his chart no doubt telling of his earlier stint with recreational narcotics, the medical staff apparently thought it better to keep him at least mildly drugged to prevent him from causing too much trouble to both them and himself. He wondered if Lestrade sanctioned it. He supposed it was the only benefit of being stuck there; free drugs.
“Oh, John,” Jim breathed, staring at him with wide eyes. “I would never just avoid you. I like you far too much for that.” He then bit his lip at exposing himself so earnestly, though he flinched at the sudden pain from his lip.
The conversation flowed easily after that point, Sherlock’s anxiousness not quite forgotten but merely simmering lowly on the back burner of his thoughts as he enjoyed the evening with John. While he much would have preferred a dead body that night, he couldn’t deny that it was sometimes nice to simply share a quiet moment together. Of course, the knowledge of what was to come wasn’t too far from his thoughts. Definitely would have preferred a dead body to that.
With the awkwardness of the past night and earlier that morning distanced from him, John found himself rather enjoying the jeans, in fact, and Jim’s overall appearance. His hair was without product, though John had seen plenty of it when he’d taken a shower, and his shirt looked soft and comfortable, the faint scent of fresh laundry drifting from the blue cotton. Better, though, was the scent of Jim himself. John had the scent himself, in part thanks to his shower the previous night, and he found he rather enjoyed it. He knew he’d be unable to hide it from Sherlock, but he hardly cared at the moment, instead enjoying the way Jim’s eyes lit up when he glanced over at him, at the curve of Jim’s lips when he smiled, making his mouth look…well, quite kissable.
Jim seemed to relax slightly, and he brought his own glass and the bottle back with him to the sofa, John following easily. Settled back down together, Jim turned to better face John, one knee crooked on the sofa with his free arm on the back of the sofa between them. “So, John,” he began, a familiar tease entering his voice. “When were you going to take me to dinner?”
John always had something to say as well, from a “maybe later” to a “not while I’m working,” which oddly enough just left Sherlock feeling even more flustered. Especially when it soon became obvious that John would sometimes stop by even when he wasn’t there to fiddle with Sherlock’s equipment, and even if they didn’t really talk much, Sherlock found that he was oddly looking forward to those brief moments when John would enter his room.
“I think, Seb,” Jim purred to his driver, “it’s time for…how would dear Johnny put it…the Misadventures of the Nightingale Mask.” His laughter, chilling and empty, wasn’t anything like what John had heard earlier that night, and it was very threatening indeed.
Perhaps he had misjudged everything? Did Jim block him? Maybe Jim wasn’t as into him as he’d originally believed. It was a distressing notion, and Sherlock being a massive prat wasn’t helping matters.
It was after Sherlock came back from the dead, after he’d startled John who had swayed alarmingly like he might faint until his equilibrium had returned, after John let out a snarl and he’d punched Sherlock straight in the face. Sherlock supposed he probably deserved that. John didn’t fall into place beside him, however, not immediately. He had a new life, and Sherlock found that he was no longer a part of it.
“Can’t you keep the freak chained up or something,” Donovan’s voice sneered next to him as he was staring off into space, startling him enough that he jumped slightly, almost guiltily so as if she could read minds and hear his thoughts. He took a deep breath, watching her pour her own cup of coffee with the station’s logo printed on the mug, feeling the familiar annoyance at her constant insults directed at Sherlock. “I don’t know why Lestrade even puts up with him,” she snorted.
A swallow. A biting of lip. Sherlock considered his words before he spoke them. He had to mean them to himself, not just because he wanted to make John happy. He considered it, pictured it, decided what he felt about it. He let out a slow breath. “Maybe, in time, I could…let you wank on me. Or something. Maybe.”
“Jim,” John said forcefully. “It is a very big deal. You probably should have gone to hospital for all this,” he then gently reprimanded, moving to pull on fresh gloves before lightly tilting Jim’s head to better catch the lighting as he visually examined the injuries. “Do you want to tell me how this really happened?”
Jim winced. “He took my phone. Broke it.” He sighed, staring down at his beer but not drinking any more of it. “He read my texts though, beforehand, and I think that’s what really set him off. He got jealous. He was…always prone to jealousy.”
John bit his lip, considering his words as his thumbs hovered over his phone screen. He took a deep breath before slowly typing them out.
Sherlock saw all this, took in everything he could, but it took too long for the observations to properly form into thoughts. By the time Sherlock’s lips mumbled out, “Afghanistan or Iraq?” the nurse was already gone.
John wondered if putting his letter on his blog would be a bit crass. He wondered if doing it would steal some of the spotlight from the others in the papers. His would be explained at least. He would leave a letter. Maybe tonight.
While it was also true that he never would have considered the prospect of getting on with a man, after Jim had crossed that boundary, John couldn’t help but gravitate towards him. There was something about Jim that there hadn’t been with Sarah. Maybe it was the sense of something else surrounding Jim, something John couldn’t describe, but he didn’t see himself growing bored with Jim like he had Sarah. At least not any time soon. But did that mean that he was ready for anything beyond these brief moments spent together? That he wanted to put a term to it other than simply ‘dating’ and go beyond the casual?
John, well used to such a diatribe, simply smiled in amazement as he took in everything, though his brows were furrowed in slight confusion as he removed his jacket and hung it up. “Why is the tablecloth pink?”
John didn’t seem to know what to make of the last bit, unused to such praised focused on his part of the tale. “Oh, yeah, he can be a bit much. I still can’t believe people are reading my blog, but who knows.”
He still hesitated, however, still paused just before closing the distance, giving Sherlock time to protest or object or pull away, and smiled when Sherlock did none of those things. “Sherlock,” he breathed quietly, before finally closing the gap.
John’s irritation fell away immediately at that. Though he’d never had an abusive ex himself, he had seen more than his fair share of suspicious bruises on patients, and it confirmed his earlier theory. “What happened?” he asked, though his voice was still stiff, though for different reasons now.
Interested in these ideas, John began studying the medical books at school, which he found to be rather enjoyable. The voice apparently thought so too, but it had been less enthusiastic when John began considering a military career.
Even though he didn’t say it, they both heard it. And John, judging by how his expression immediately softened, seemed to hear even more of what Sherlock wasn’t saying.
John’s gaze lifted then, settling on the curly hair of the consulting genius, hesitating for a moment before swallowing and looking down at his palm. Right. Well. It wouldn’t hurt to save the number in his phone. Just in case. Then he wouldn’t have to worry about smudging the ink. It just made sense, really.
John still didn’t know what he wanted to say or do. It wasn’t unheard of for soulmates to reject each other, he supposed, but he really didn’t want to put himself out there when John was trying so hard to be straight only to be rejected. Even still, there was something about the stranger, his thoughts kept repeating the same refrain.
Sherlock was left adrift. He could have said that that’s not what people normally said. He could have made a joke about, seen how this doctor in nurse’s clothing reacted, but something lodged itself in Sherlock’s throat and he couldn’t get the words out. Instead, what came out was:
Apparently, the staff had no interest in disobeying a police officer as they readily agreed and so far had kept a very strict eye on the sick and injured consulting detective, despite Sherlock’s less than pleasant demeanour. He was pretty sure he made his first doctor not only pass him over to a colleague, but also made him cry with his observations of the man’ home life based on the state of his wedding ring, hem of his trousers, and obviously home dyed thinning hair.
No, Lestrade had, irritatingly enough, all but manhandled Sherlock into the back of the ambulance and had gotten in with him, no doubt to keep Sherlock from jumping out at the first potential opportunity. Though Sherlock’s symptoms probably could have been treatable at home, he had also strong-armed the hospital staff and made it very clear that Sherlock was to remain checked in until he or Sherlock’s brother signed him out.
“It’s nothing,” Jim said. “I’m just glad you liked it. I haven’t had anyone else to really cook for in a while, I kind of miss it,” he laughed.
Sherlock never really cared much about labels. He wrapped his high functioning sociopathy around himself like a cloak, armour, but it hadn’t been because he needed the label for himself. No, the label had always been for others. So, he really didn’t care about the actual label of his sexuality, not really, didn’t care if he was asexual, grey-sexual, demi-sexual, or any other sexual. He only cared that he wasn’t alone.
Jim was silent, seeming to consider that, before giving John a weak smile and a small nod. “All right,” he agreed, and softly stepped forward.
It wasn’t that John was homophobic, of course he wasn’t, he just couldn’t seem to move past the memory of his father, of the need to be the perfect child to make up for Harry’s own rebellion. He had to follow certain rules.
Once the room looked relatively normal again, Sherlock moved to quickly change into his pyjamas, though he didn’t feel quite comfortable enough to climb into bed to wait for John. He was still doubting that John meant what he said. Of course he would want sex. Of course he would leave, eventually, whether he got it or not. It was only a matter of time.
“I’m really glad you agreed to meet me, John,” he said softly, flashing the bartender a smile when his pint was brought over, despite the fact that the foam took up a good portion of the top of the glass. The only time there was such as thing as too much head, the perverse and boyish part of him giggle quietly to himself.
“So,” John said to break the silence that felt almost stilted to him…and just what did Sherlock have to be annoyed about anyways? He was the one that dragged John out, not the other way around. “Any ideas who did it yet?” he asked while idly flipping through the statement sheets.
Though, John had to admit that he didn’t really see it not working out, at least not anytime soon. Perhaps it was the newness of it all, perhaps it was even because Sherlock was so obviously annoyed at not being able to deduce what new woman John was supposedly talking to, and John loved being able to get one over on the great and mighty Sherlock Holmes. In addition, his stomach constantly flipped every time his phone got a text notification, because even though he hadn’t seen Jim a week, they stilled talked every day through text.
John studied Sherlock, heart beating rapidly in his chest, and nervously ran his tongue over his lips. Perhaps due to keeping such a focused gaze on the other man did John notice the way those indescribable eyes dropped down minutely to watch his tongue’s movement.
John pinched the bridge of his nose and let out a low sigh. If anyone had the right to be annoyed, it was him. He could have been at home right now, maybe texting Jim. Though, he supposed if Sherlock was going to be in a snit, he could attempt texting Jim and let Sherlock swan off like he usually did. Jim would be at work, however, and John didn’t want to bother him. It was strange. John hadn’t felt this…nervous? Anxious? Not in a long time, not about someone who was a romantic interest. Sarah had been nice, but it had been…safe. Almost expected. With Jim, however, it was as though he could hardly wait to see him again, speak to him again, even if it was just through electronic text.
But it wasn’t possible. He had to do this for John. He loved John, even if the man didn’t quite return the strength of his affections, but he had to do this. Prude, he’d heard people like him called. Selfish, for not giving their partner what they needed. Frigid, unfeeling, robotic.
John, caught off guard at that and taking longer than he would have liked to piece together what Jim was talking about, was horrified to let out a small squeak when Jim’s hand collided in a quick smack to his backside. He flushed, stammering syllables without words, and was all but pushed outside the door. He glowered at Jim, but it was without any real heat, and his lips twitched slightly at Jim’s smug expression. Before he could be further pushed away, he grabbed Jim’s shirt and pulled him in, crashing their lips together for one last kiss that certainly had more heat than any of the others that morning.
Sherlock Holmes. John hadn’t allowed himself to say anything, not until he understood more about this strange, bewitching man. He had to know more. For the first time in…well, longer than he wanted to admit to, he wasn’t thinking about his gun waiting for him at home.
Sherlock groaned, coughing into his pillow as he slowly woke up, weakly rubbing at where drool had leaked out of his open mouth. He hated how often he was dozing here. He just wanted to be back in his flat. Not that the rundown old place would be any good for him, he was certain. Perhaps it was finally time for him to move. A former client of his had mentioned she had rooms to rent out, and he had actually grown rather comfortable with the older woman during that particular case. Normally wives wanted to pay him to prevent their husband’s death, and her insistence that it take place had been rather refreshing. Yes, perhaps he’d give her a ring…
When their lips first touched, it was soft, gentle, tender. It was the sort of kiss Sherlock loved because of the way it seemed to steal the breath from his lungs and made his head spin. When the kiss turned a little more eager, well, Sherlock liked those ones too. He hummed into the kiss, enjoying the feeling of John’s arms wrapping around him to hold him close, and he could practically feel John’s heart thumping against him. Right.
John would no doubt be awake soon, an early riser by habit as both a military man and a doctor, and Jim was considering if it would be best to push him to stay for breakfast or have the man leave, while also fantasising about dear Sherlock’s reaction to John being gone all night. A part of him wished he had marked John in some noticeable way, but he knew he had to be slow and steady; he couldn’t spark Sherlock’s suspicions just yet. It was obvious that John had yet to reveal his same-sex flirtations just yet, and it really worked in his favour. The longer John put off coming to terms with his sexuality to others, the more pity Jim could earn for himself. The more pity Jim had, the easier John would be to manipulate.
Sherlock attempted to bat the cup of now room temperature water aside, but Lestrade was persistent, huffing at him like he was a child, and Sherlock only refrained from sticking his tongue out at the DI because he couldn’t stop coughing.
“Hey, there’s nothing to be ashamed of,” John said fervently, reaching out to taking Jim’s hand in his own without much thought. “It can be really hard getting out of that sort of situation, and you should be very proud of yourself for doing it not only once, but twice.” He squeezed Jim’s hand, smiling slightly at the man, pleased when a tentative smile was returned.
John let out a soft groan as he awoke, a flare of pain across his neck and shoulders reprimanding him for his uncomfortable sleeping, causing him to grimace is it twinged along his old injury. It took him a moment to remember what led to such a position this time, as he was quite used to them after living with Sherlock and staying up all night for cases, and it wasn’t until he blinked his eyes and wiped the sleep from them that he remembered the events of the past night.
The reflection of Sherlock’s eyes narrowed, and though they glanced briefly to John’s own reflection in the window again, they still did not meet his gaze. “You’re my blogger, John, in case it escaped
Grumbling to himself, John admittedly wasn’t paying much attention to where he was going and turned the corner apparently far too quickly, as the next thing he knew he was crashing into another person and the steaming coffee in his hands splashed all over the both of them.
Jim’s expression brightened as he smiled at John. “Really?” He hummed at the thought. “Had I gotten that text, I would have agreed in a heartbeat,” he murmured.
“But for how long?” Sherlock exploded out. “How long until it’s not enough, John? How long until I’m—” Sherlock cut himself off, cleared his throat, licked his lips.
Tired. He was tired. That was something. Did tired count as an emotion? It was all he felt currently. Just…tired.
“Trust me, if I were to glue anyone’s mouth shut, it wouldn’t be yours,” John replied quite truthfully, while thinking of the individual he
adventurous—so he knew that most men needed stimulation as well as penetration to ejaculate, and he wasn’t so selfish a lover to make anyone do the work he should be doing. Jesus. What would it feel like to have another man’s penis in his hand? What would it feel like to have
“Packets are by the cup,” John said in mild sing-song, his own cup already how he liked it, and moved to sit at one of the stools until he was needed again. He tried to ignore Sherlock then, gaze looking down at the numbers on his palm. John was still in a sort of limbo about this whole thing, honestly. He’d never shown interest in a man before. Well…
Sherlock unsurprisingly had a taxi already waiting, but surprisingly hadn’t gone off without John as though somehow expecting John to teleport wherever it was they were heading. Or whatever it was that went through Sherlock’s mind every time he left John behind whilst simultaneously expecting John to always be a shout away. He was clearly impatient, however, and scowled as John apparently took too long sliding into the backseat of the cab. Ducking in after John, he snapped the address to the cabbie after a glance at the folder still in his hands and then they were off.
They’d parted ways with one last look, Jim getting in a taxi which almost seemed to be waiting for him, despite knowing the man hadn’t had time to call for one, but John had decided that a bit of walking would clear his head some. He didn’t want to be completely pissed when he went home to Sherlock.
However, when John raised his hand to rub at his face, he saw the smudged ink there and recalled the earlier events of the day. Jim. He chewed on his lip, deliberating with himself, before drawing a deep breath. Well. He couldn’t deny that he was curious. And besides, one coffee date didn’t mean anything. One coffee date with a man. A fit man.
So Sherlock was asexual. So Sherlock didn’t feel the sexual attraction John did, didn’t have the sexual arousal or desire to do anything more than snog. That didn’t matter. That wasn’t important. Keeping John happy was important. And, as the snogging continued, he could feel what would make John happy growing firmer against him.
He had thought that he would be more…discomfited with the idea, and certainly a part of him was, but there was a sense of eagerness about it as well. He hadn’t really had that much luck on the dating scene, especially since any interest from others was quickly squashed by Sherlock demanding his presence or being a complete dick to his dates, and he had to admit that there was a certain feeling of flattery at having the attention of a bloke who was well fit.
Grabbing the first set of pyjama bottoms he found, John moved next to get a towel and headed in to take a shower, thankful that his years as both a doctor and a soldier had him more than proficient at quick showers. He took little more than a quick rinse anyways, not wanting to linger where Jim also was frequently wet and naked. He certainly didn’t want to linger in that state himself, Jim so near, and John’s recent porn preferences just waiting to be brought forward in thought.
It had been a long time since he’d clicked with someone on that level, in that way, and he was eager to determine if it had all been a fluke or if it could actually be something more. The last person he’d really connected with was Sherlock, and the less said about that the better, but even Sarah hadn’t spoken to that inner part of himself that Jim did. In hindsight, John could tell that while he had enjoyed her presence and found her more than a little attractive, there was a certain spark missing, and it was probably a good thing their relationship ended when it did.
This was nice, better than nice, actually. John had worried that things would be awkward now, that Jim would be eager for John to leave, but it seemed the opposite was true. Which John was very thankful for, since it led to a delicious meal he hadn’t had to cook or order up from Mrs Hudson or the market. With Jim and him both properly dressed now, he felt more at ease as well, though now that he’d become aware of it, he couldn’t help but notice how nicely Jim’s jeans fit his arse. This pair was black faded in all the right places, tighter yet well worn, and it did nothing but emphasise the man’s assets. All over.
John sighed, not wanting to drop it at all, but he figured he could get the story out of Jim after he’d tended to the man. “The lip might need stitches. Are you injured anywhere else?”
John’s head had snapped to the strange man the second he’d heard his voice, the blood rushing in his ears, and he had to steady himself on his cane.
John swallowed, feeling a heat in his chest he wasn’t so certain was from the alcohol, though he wondered if it could explain how light his head felt. He nervously took another big swallow of his drink, leaning over to set the now empty glass aside, which consequently made Jim’s hand slid off his arm to land on his thigh. He drew in a deep breath, watching Jim’s fingers lightly caress the material on his legs, feeling it much more clearly through the thinner cotton material.
Predictably, John’s brows furrowed in concern, a frown touching his lips, as he settled a soft hand on Jim’s arm. “I’m…I’m sorry. Are you okay?”
When Sherlock was released, John went with him. Things were stilted, apologies were said on both sides, but slowly things were returning to how they had been. Sherlock didn’t know what became of John’s fiancée, but he knew that when he woke up in hospital there had been a diamond ring on the table near the bed, and the blond-haired man never mentioned her again.
The man simply stood staring at him for several long moments more, before releasing a short exhale of air through his nose and shaking his head. “You’re right, and wrong. I am a nurse, currently. That is my role here, but I was a doctor before.” The man shrugged. “Can’t be picky when you need a job. They only had nurse positions open, and I technically have the medical knowledge for it, so…”
Was that what Sherlock was asking John to do? Not necessarily the turning heterosexual part, quite obviously, but rather the Corrective Rape Therapy. For asexuals it was to force them to enjoy sex, to prove them wrong. Or to punish them for not enjoying it, in some cases. Sherlock wasn’t trying to learn to enjoy it or trying to punish himself; he merely wanted to let John know he could have it and Sherlock wouldn’t mind. Or at least as far as John was aware he wouldn’t mind.
I also would like to specially thank Marina from Twitter who messaged me such wonderful encouragement and who helped jog my brain back into working. I honestly had no intention in finishing this chapter today, but I pulled it up to make a note and then I just couldn't stop writing. So thank you, Marina, for unintentionally sparking my mind to figure out how to finish the stupid scene which had been bothering me for ages.
Two things happened then: the first was that John was instantly reminded of the state of Jim’s lip when a sound that was both pain and pleasure erupted from Jim’s throat, and the second was that he was instantly reminded of just what was beneath him. The suddenly feeling of a hard length that was not his own pressing into his belly woke John from his lust and alcohol induced haze, and he pulled rapidly away with a gasp of shock and dismay.
“You won’t lose me, Jim,” John murmured quietly with a tender smile, moving closer to Jim. Almost as one, his arms opened and Jim moved into them, nuzzling under John’s chin and wrapping his arms around him, though there was nothing sexual about it this time. John wondered if it was strange to feel so strongly for someone he’d only gone on one pub date with, but there was something about Jim that just pulled him in.
John hesitated, unease and anticipation both bubbling in his belly as he considered his text before sending it. It was, he figured, a promise to himself to be better. He didn’t know if he could handle a relationship, handle being “out” for anyone to see, but he also knew that there was really only one way to find out. And he’d do it with baby steps. With resolution now burning in his gut, he hit ‘send.’
John’s brows shot up, just as Jim knew they would, and he hastily set down his pint with a worried expression. “Oh shit,” Jim softly exclaimed. “Christ, I made myself sound like a real slag, didn’t I?” He covered his face with his hands, shaking his head before turning beseechingly towards John again. “I swear I’m clean and everything. I always use protection.” Which was probably one of the biggest lies of his life, but John was a doctor. “I get myself checked out whenever I change partners, and it’s not like I jump in bed on the first date.” Jim’s eyes, as if of their own accord, swept over John’s form again, and Jim willed his expression to pinken some. “Well, usually,” he admitted on a quiet breath.
“John…” This time the bitten lip wasn’t an act, but it also wasn’t meant as an act of seduction either. “John, please…” he said, whispering the word he rarely if ever used.
Even now, John’s thoughts were on Jim. The euphoria of solving a case was there, but it was a low simmer, dulled in the wake of knowing that something was off with Sherlock. Speaking of uncharacteristic, Sherlock had been…off today. From Lestrade’s office to the crime scene, even in the taxi ride here, though instead of being a git he had simply been sulking and silent, the opposite of how he usually was after a case. What’s more, the case itself was unusual. Sherlock had apparently solved it long before the confrontation, no doubt just by glancing at the pictures in the report, so why all the pretence of solving it and asking John’s opinions on the matter?
“It’s fine,” Jim quietly said once he could, and only then seemed to realise that his hand had strayed to John’s knee. He hastily took it off. “Sorry,” he whispered, looking down as John moved away.
Catching sight of Jim’s small, shy smile and the sparkle in his deep, dark eyes, John relaxed slightly against the cushions, a small smile of his own curling his lips. Yes, it was all fine indeed.
“So, what, you were going to let me shag you so I’d stay?” John’s tone was soft, not quite hurt, but saddened. He shook his head, but he finally moved towards Sherlock again, reaching out to gently cup his jaw. “You idiot. Of course we’re compatible. We need each other.”
But this. Did he want this to go past more than one date? Was he hoping for more? Hoping Jim would ask him out again? Hoping to get off with Jim?
He had spent the night at Jim’s. Had snogged him quite thoroughly, would have done more than snogging if Jim’s erection hadn’t freaked him out so much. Like a bloody idiot, he thought with annoyance. And they had another date planned, a proper date this time, with the prospect of more in the future. Many more, if John had his way, not yet willing to let this excitement he hadn’t felt in a long time escape him. But…
As you more than likely know by now, tumblr is currently engulfed in a trash fire. *eye roll* For those that might be following me on tumblr, I have no intention of abandoning ship, though I worry how it may be in future, so I recently made a fandom Twitter account. Username is the same, so you can find me at:
. Still, there was something waiting to be unlocked in John, and Jim only had to play his strings right to get John exactly where he wanted him. And then: Sherlock.
Much better than John had been anticipating, of course. The beginning had been strained, awkward, but then the next couple hours had seemed to fly by, and John found that he had rather enjoyed himself, enjoyed Jim’s presence. And, well, if Jim and he had somehow found themselves sitting a little closer together by the end of the night, neither of them seemed to mind. Truthfully, it seemed they had both managed to have more drinks than they had been expecting, and John had stayed out far later than he’d initially intended.
He knew that, had Jim been a woman, this wouldn’t even be a question. There would be no wondering if he were ready for a relationship. But Jim wasn’t a woman. He was a man—a
“You know,” John murmured quietly. “I was going to ask you out on a second date. To dinner. In my texts to you.”
pulled me along on this case when you didn’t even have one on hand yet. When you have a case already, yes, I’m more than willing to drop unimportant things to accompany you. When you impatiently force me out of the flat with the demands of a case that doesn’t even exist yet, that’s when I’m quite free to be annoyed with you, you great tit.” John raised up a warning finger with a glare when Sherlock opened his mouth to speak again. “Nuh-uh, Holmes. I’m not finished and by
He pulled away, clearing his own throat and moving to pick up the rubbish to throw away. “Right,” he said a little gruffly, moving off the stool and around the counter to the bin tucked away under the sink. “Once that dries, you should be fine. Bruises do tend to swell well after they’ve been applied, so I suggest using an ice pack on your throat before bed. You don’t want any breathing difficulties. Especially before I can take you out on that date I promised you,” he added softly with a small smile.
Fall semester is starting soon, and I'm beginning training to work at the campus bookstore tomorrow morning, so I wanted to get out a quick chapter before my time no longer belongs to me. I hope you all enjoy it, and thank you for all the lovely comments you've been leaving. They've really been feeling me with so much joy and warm feelings. You guys are the best.
“You normally don’t sit in my lap to do so,” John pointed out, but he obviously wasn’t complaining by the way he tightened his grip on Sherlock. Excellent.
Ignoring this, John asked in a much more detached tone of voice, “I’m going to need to examine your chest and back now.”
John was, as Jim knew he would be, already at the bar top nursing his second beer. The first no doubt went down quickly in nerves for fortification, the desire for “liquid courage” all too common in common masses, but Doctor Watson would not wish to be at all inebriated before his first date with a man.
male, and he wanted John. And John was fairly certain he wanted Jim too, just…it was a bit too much.
John stared at Sherlock, unmoved by the act. “And would it make you happy, Sherlock? To stick your arse in the air and let me bugger you?”
“I appreciate the gesture,” Jim said with another shy smile, placing his hand on John’s arm. “But I’m a big boy. I can handle myself now. I was just still a little jumpy last night, sorry.”
Sherlock cleared his throat, looking after the man until he was out of sight, before drawing in a deep breath. Right. Time to go home. Feeling like a weight was settling over his chest, Sherlock left the hospital room without looking back.
Jim grimaced at the thought, turning to look at him with displeasure. “I hate stitches,” he complained. “I really wasn’t even going to see anyone about all this, except I had to take off work during all this, and I figured having evidence I went to a doctor might appease the higher ups,” he snorted. “I really do appreciate you making certain I was okay, John,” he said a little shyly, looking up at John with a small smile before turning to the singing kettle to pour the boiling water into the teapot to steep.
Sherlock inhaled as though offended. “Fight me,” he tried to say, but the sudden intake of oxygen sent him into another coughing fit he couldn’t control, until the straw for his cup of water was placed at his lips again.
John returned the smile, leaning in again to kiss Jim once more. This kiss was just as tender as the one before, but the hint of heat whispered at the edges as John pulled Jim more tightly against him. Only when the need for air became too great did John part from Jim’s mouth. “Come to the clinic if you need anything,” John murmured. “Anything at all. Medical or otherwise.”
Sherlock’s cheeks tinged a faint pink, but he forced himself not to look away. “Yes,” he said quietly, but unconvincingly.
Jim collapsed back on his bed with a small groan, towel finally slipping. John had looked fairly delectable that morning, with his hair slightly mussed from sleep, and obviously close to suffering from apoplexy judging by the way he was staring at Jim. It would have been only too easy to let go of the towel, or of leaning in for a kiss and pressing his damp body against John’s, only a few layers separating them…
Duh. Jim didn’t roll his eyes, however, much as he wanted to. Instead, he reached out to lightly touch John’s arm. “I’m glad you texted me. I admit I was a little forward, but…” He smiled and shrugged. “Even if all I got was one coffee with you, it would have been worth it.” He bit his lip suddenly, looking away. “Although, I have to admit something John…”
John certainly wasn’t homophobic with regards to literally anyone else, however he couldn’t deny that there was a sort of…internalised issue regarding his own preference. Though it wasn’t uncommon for soldiers to seek comfort from each other at times—hell, Romans and Spartans did that sort of thing all the time to form tighter bonds—there was still a lingering bias when it was seen as anything more. Despite Harry’s frequently crude comments when she was pissed off her tits, John never partook in any sort of circle jerking, though he supposed his reasoning for that went deeper than he’d ever allowed himself to accept before.
“Do you work here? I’ve never seen you before,” John said with a small frown, taking in the man’s jeans and top.
“All’s clear,” he said, causing Jim to let out a relieved rush of air as he sighed. “If you show me where you keep your medical kit, I can see to your lip again.” He had to fight a blush at that thought. Though Jim had certainly opened it again with his worrying while telling John his story, John also knew that their activities after hadn’t done it any favours. He wished he could say the taste of blood transferred to his own lips had been enough to stop him, but truthfully it had almost made him hungrier. It excited a part in him that loved danger, a part of him that so far only Sherlock had managed to call out.
chair, black leather and sleek, just like him. The violin rested nearby. An old cup of tea surprisingly not disturbed in the whirlwind of the Met’s clumsy paws as they rifled through their things.
“To the utter ridiculousness of my partner,” Sherlock dryly returned. He smiled, small but happy, behind his wineglass. Judging by John’s expression the blond had certainly seen it, however,
John’s expression softened, and he took a deep breath. Besides the fact that Sherlock’s throat was still sore, he knew why the man preferred the non-verbal communication. It was easier to be truthful and to let down your guard when it was just in your own head. He settled on the sofa next to Sherlock, examination complete and vitals looking better than they had in weeks, before taking the man’s long hand in between both of his own shorter ones.
Sherlock had, of course, masturbated before. He had a male body, after all, but biological arousal did not indicate sexual arousal. He took care of things as necessary, but it usually took far too long to climax, and he found it much easier to just ignore such things and continue on as normal, when available. He never enjoyed it the way he knew John did, so he doubted he’d really enjoy actual sex.
Sherlock did his best to supress another cough, groaning from where he hid under the pile of extra pillows he had demanded, wondering if maybe he could just suffocate himself and be done with it. Especially as he heard the familiar approach of a nurse. Lovely.
“I wish I could say I’m sorry to hear that, but that would be too big a lie for me to tell,” he said with a small grin.
Jim sighed heartily. “First I need to check in with work,” he grumbled, pushing his plate away. “Make certain I still have a job.” He pulled a face. “And get a new phone.”
It was Sherlock’s turn now to let out a contemptuous snort. “I could never tire of you, John. Even when you bore me, I could never grow tired of you.”
“I tried texting you a few days ago,” he quietly pointed out, hoping for some kind of confirmation, or explanation.
Instead of answering, Sherlock swirled away to the oven where he pulled out the plated takeaway he’d been keeping warm and carefully set them at each place setting. “I called Angelo to deliver this,” he stated, John’s favourite at his place setting and his second favourite at Sherlock’s just in case. Sherlock knew he wouldn’t really be able to eat anyways, but he wanted to put up the front at least.
He was still a little dazed by the whole thing when he pushed into the lab, spotting Sherlock bent over the microscope still, jotting down notes without even looking at the paper. His lips were pursed, however, and it seemed as though he very pointedly wasn’t looking at John, until he did, his gaze accusatory.
Thankfully, it seemed the tide of patients were at its end, and John glanced at the clock with a small grimace of impatience. Only a few left, from the sounds of it, and then freedom.
pouting. Not when that idiot Watson wasn’t even conscious to see such manipulation. No, Jim was not pouting in bed, the last residuals of ache having since faded—though they were not forgotten.
nearly had his tongue down this man’s throat, as he’d previously contemplated. The kiss hadn’t gotten too far, of course, but that hadn’t been because John wasn’t enjoying it. In fact, he’d been starting to enjoy it a little too much.
Jim, apparently realising that John was unlikely to move on his own, rolled his eyes with a teasing smile and motioned John to get his things, walking him to the front door. “I won’t even be home much today, so you can stop worrying. You patched me up and took care of me. I’m good to go now. So just let me know when you are,” he added in a purr with a wink.
It was after a particularly vicious row (a bit one-sided really, as John did most of the yelling, as tended to be the case nowadays) that Sherlock returned to his seven percent solutions after John stormed out to return to his own solution, a perfectly ordinary woman he had become engaged to during Sherlock’s absence. Picturing them together, picturing John with anyone else, and Sherlock’s seven percent solution had become a bit more.
John grinned over his glass, and with a small half motion of a toast between them, they jointly finished the rest of their drink before Jim was reaching out for the bottle to refill their glasses. “Thanks,” he murmured, resting his elbow on the back of the sofa as he watched Jim. “So, we talked a bit about my sister, but what about you? Any siblings?”
, he smiled, sliding his hand back to curl into Sherlock’s sweaty hair at the back of his neck and pulling him down as he leaned up on the balls of his feet.
John thickly swallowed, staring with wide eyes at the figure of Sherlock standing by the window, fading sunlight haloed around him, while he stared at John with a clenched jaw and narrowed eyes. There were twin spots of red anger on his cheeks, he could see that, but the man still looked deathly pale. “Sherlock?” he asked quietly, hesitantly. Why couldn’t he hear him?
He’d wait, though. At least until he could be certain Sherlock wouldn’t be reading over his shoulder with that giraffe neck of his. John frequently found himself staring at that neck in consternation. Sherlock really had no right being as tall as he was, slender all over, looking both invincible and incredibly fragile all at once. No wonder everyone was annoyed at him all the time with those model-length legs, lithe figure, and those cutting cheekbones. If John stared at Sherlock more than he probably should do, it was purely out of annoyance. That was it. And maybe a little jealousy. But nothing else.
