Sherlock stared at the body. He walked back into the office, pulled some latex gloves from his pocket and pulled at Matthews’ collar.   “Look,” he said. The ligature marks were thin but clearly visible.
John watched him go and then looked at his own hands. Sometimes he was sure Sherlock just made that shit up.
“I need John’s statement first and yours, Sherlock, for what it’s worth. Then I need you two to come and sit with me and outline the case we have against Daniels as you see it.  It’s going to be dull as fuck, but it’s a complex case and I don’t want this scumbag to get away with any of it.”
Sherlock watched the police officer put the lubricant into an evidence bag.  “Can I ask you, then, Mr Tyler, where you procured the condom and the lubricant that you used?”
“Yes,” John begged. “God, Sherlock, yes, yes.” More and more of Sherlock’s hand disappeared inside John.
Sherlock crawled over him.  John let go and hitched his legs up, around Sherlock’s waist.  He clung on with slick fingers as Sherlock lined up his cock and slid in with a slow glide. John pushed up against him.  Sherlock was deep inside before he realised it.
“How many times do I need to tell you?” Murphy banged his palms against the table. “I really didn’t know Jason, and I went with Brandon because he and I got on. I never did the fuck-pit thing and I wasn’t interested in drugs.”
Oh, and I apologise to all Mancunians. I sort of based Simon a bit on Vince from Queer As Folk, so he had to have an accent. Later, I will be equally inept at transcribing other regional accents, mostly because I'm annoyed that since I'm from Buckinghamshire, I don't have one.
“Look, I think I might be more than three fingers big. I’m not monster cock big, but then few things are.”
“Oh, and if anyone asks you, would you perhaps state that we were here to see Charles?” Sherlock added.  “I’d rather our interest in the blackout area wasn’t common knowledge.”
“Just one thing,” Piero said.  “You two need to have sex. Soon. You will not get younger.  Have sex before you need Viagra.”
Sherlock thought for a moment and then nodded. What was there to say? Apart from that, anyway? “Want to show me what Roger’s taught you?”
Sally tapped her pockets until she found her notebook.   “This is Brandon Cox.  He’s an Australian and he’s worked here for about three years.  We’re not sure of his age, but we know that he mostly worked in this area of the club.  Charles called him a ‘host’, whatever that means. Anderson thinks he was mid-shag when he died.”
.  He should have thought.  He’d put money on Sherlock’s involvement; it was just John’s pure dumb fucking luck.  “Call Sherlock.  Tell him to bring me some clothes.  Tell him what happened.  Tell him to have a cup of tea with Fabian. Do whatever you like.” John looked up.  Mycroft did not look smug. He looked sad.  He nodded over John’s head to a tall man in good suit.
“You’re going to prepare me, make me ready. Use a lot of lube,” John said. “If you move, I’ll fetch it.”
“Erwock!” Rosie shouted at Sherlock. He crouched by her chair.  “Hello, Rosie.” Sherlock stroked her hair with trembling fingers.
Sherlock got up at ten. He walked into the kitchen. No John. No John’s laptop. Rosie’s high chair was folded and stacked in the corner but her favourite toys were gone. Sherlock climbed the stairs to John and Rosie’s room. Empty.  Rosie’s cot was still there and some of hers and John’s clothes were still in the wardrobe.  He wondered how long was a while.
“You’ve got bruised kidneys and bruised backside.” John shook his head. “I just don’t think it’s a good idea.”
The lights were on in the blackout room.  Sally Donovan pulled Sonny to his feet. From the grazes on Sally’s knuckles and the bruise on Sonny’s cheek, he’d fought back too.  John stopped.  He removed his mic and earpiece and nodded for Sherlock to do the same.  Free of the mics, Sherlock watched John lick his lips and focus on the pale ‘v’ of skin visible at Sherlock’s throat.
Sherlock and John interview Langridge's hooker, Jamie Reid.  They then have a minor attack on Baker Street, but their assailant provides them new information. From there, the investigation takes them back to Doubles and finally to a Safety Deposit facility.  Oh, and a drop more murder...
John made a plateful of toast, put it in the centre of the table and plonked the jar of strawberry jam down heavily. It was John’s usual way of informing Sherlock that he should eat some bloody breakfast.
As John’s pain reduced, his interest in resuming their sexual relationship increased.  Sherlock had resisted.  He was concerned by John’s woozy, drugged response to Sherlock following his operation.  He wondered if he demanded sex too often?  He worried that John might accede to sex even though he didn’t feel well enough.  In fact, Sherlock pondered this issue one afternoon when John walked into the sitting room in a suit.  It was about six in the evening and Rosie was downstairs with Mrs Hudson.
“I think the world of Simon and I felt the same way about Jason.” Charles voice grew louder. “We were all delighted that they found each other.  Whatever you think of me, Mr Holmes, I appreciate the value of love above that of money.  I’m sure Dr Watson could instruct you on that.  After all, he visits Fabian for a reason. Now, if you will excuse me, I have things to do.” Charles stood and walked over to the office door, yanked it open and hurried John and Sherlock out of the room.
“If you two want to take the green door on the left, that’s our lounge and bar area for waiting VIP’s.  You can have a drink in there and watch the floorshow.  Have a beautiful evening.”  The receptionist pressed a button and the green door buzzed and opened.
Sherlock wanted John Watson. He wanted him body and soul.  Thus far, he’d tried to be the sort of man John might consider engaging with in a romantic capacity.  It was hard work. Sherlock knew his deductive abilities were impeded by constant attempts to say or do the right thing.  He lapsed more often than he wanted to admit. It was time, then, to re-focus.
“You might deduce that I got lost on my way to my bedroom and all my clothes fell off in a freak button-bursting incident.”
“I’ll try.” Sherlock took the jar and nodded towards the door. He did it again. And again. “Well go outside then,” he said, finally.
The name Fibonacci, Piero's surname, is a reference to the Fibonacci numbers, which just blow my mind.  It's like natural maths; it, along with the Golden Ratio, has been called the fingerprint of God because it's all over nature.  There are some links here on how it just appears in nature, the human body, everywhere:
Piero smiled. “I can tell why you were Fabby’s favourite client, John.  It is rare that people in my profession meet truly good men.”
Lestrade chuckled.  “So, dare I ask what we think is going to happen at ten forty-five in the blackout room next Thursday?”
“Would you like me to step outside?”  Sherlock said, voice gruff.  He pulled on a pair of blue Latex gloves.
Donovan walked back into the room holding the bagged butt plug with the tips of her fingers. She passed Sherlock a pair of latex gloves, opened the bag and let him reach in to take the sex toy.  He examined it carefully and then grasped the base and turned it.  The end of the butt plug unscrewed to reveal a secret compartment. Inside was a note.
Eventually, John said, “Do you think you’ve got over treating me like I’m about to break? And I don’t mean just in the bedroom, Sherlock. It’s time, love.” John stroked Sherlock’s chest. “Just try?”
“Well, I’ve decided that I don’t want to take suppressants,” John said. He stirred in milk and sugar. He kept his eyes on the mugs as he walked them back through to the living room. Sherlock followed him, sat in his chair and thanked John for the tea placed on his side-table.  John cleared his throat. “The thing is, I’m not opposed to Rosie having a brother or a sister and, if that’s the case, I might need to get my hormones firing again.”
For John, the pleasure looped and ebbed, grew and grew and then plateaued, all because of the maddening, haphazard nature of each thrust. Sherlock’s cock rubbed against his, then bumped his perineum or his arse, then rubbed against his hip or balls. While it all felt good, the pressure wasn’t always against his erection.   Sherlock seemed unhurried.  After a while though, his arms began to shake a little as he held himself over John.  Beads of sweat gathered across his forehead and he moaned with each stroke.
“Stop.” Sherlock held up his hand.  “I realised, when Mycroft put the wedding licence in my hand, while you were under the influence of drugs and talking about jiggy-jiggy, that it didn’t scare me.  I never expected this. I thought you’d tell me it was time one day and we’d go to the registry office and get it done. I didn’t think, well, I didn’t think you’d want to do all of this again.  Properly.” John huffed.  Sherlock took his hand. “I should’ve realised that you would.  But I didn’t think this to be my life, John.  It is odd and strange and wonderful.  I want to be with you and Rosie always.  That’s what this ring stands for.” He raised his hand with John’s ring glinting in the light.  “And this one.” Sherlock reached into his pocket and pulled out a green, velvet box. He slid it across the table.
,” Nathan said. “I’m going to be honest with you, I’m a power bottom. I hardly ever top. I’m also not the sort of guy who’s just ready for sex. Some men can go to the toilet and know that everything will be okay.” Sherlock looked up.  “I’m not.” Nathan continued. “I don’t like anal to be messy and I need to get ready first. It’s fine. Colin, are you okay with anal?”
“Sit down and eat your bloody toast,” John said, working on his belt. He let his jeans fall to the floor as Sherlock prowled towards him. He was less than a metre away when John raised a hand. “No touching. Eat your toast. You’re going to need the energy.” John walked past Sherlock, balled up his jeans and shoved them in the washing machine.
I'm off to attend a writing workshop run by a vicar.  It pleases me that I've posted porn beforehand.
“Bullshit,” Daniels interrupted. “I saw him at Langridge’s. He was there when that stupid boy fell off the landing.  I know you sent him there to spy on me.”
Lestrade, who was still furious, was less than impressed at losing yet another suspect to Mycroft. However, once he spoke to the officer who sat in Piero’s interview, he was at least happy that Fibonacci was not his murderer and that he should be under some level of protection.   When John also told him that he’d given them a lead on finding out more about Mark Tyler, Lestrade cheered up considerably.
The train situation is resolved and there is a reunion and an interesting journey on Mycroft's chopper.
“Did you really think we were going to have sex in your helicopter, Mycroft?”  Sherlock asked. He leant his head back against the seat. He looked ridiculously happy.
Sherlock looked at John’s head. His hair was stuck to John’s scalp like a second skin. It was clearly very wet indeed. “Fine,” he said and poured some shampoo into his palm. “Ready?”
“Have you ever picked up any animosity between the two clubs?”  Sherlock sipped his tea.  Candlar remembered his own cup and rattled it in its saucer.
“Oi, you two, I was a soldier, for fuck’s sake. I’ve had plenty of guns pointed at me and lived to tell the tale. Now, Sherlock, let’s go get some evidence for the nice policeman.” He grabbed Sherlock’s hand, dragged him out of Lestrade’s office and all the way to the lift.
John, who’d walked in on some personal scenes in hospitals, was tempted to say no. However, since this particular health centre had an Omega chair in it, they were clearly expecting unusual behaviour. Needless to say, he climbed into bed, lifted one of Sherlock’s arms and snuggled beneath it, his head on Sherlock’s shoulder.
Sherlock disappeared off for a while. Indeed, Rosie was out of the bath, wrapped in a towel and sitting on the settee with John when Sherlock ran back upstairs.  The front door flew back on his hinges and Sherlock emerged, mobile in hand.
“Oh, more like that,” John said. “Heat’s going to be fast and hard, so slow’s fine but firm. Deep. Hmm?”
Stephen Daniels drew his gun.   Two women opposite screamed. A businessman in a horrible suit threw himself on the floor of the train. The agent did not move.
“Well, unless you’ve brought in a fucking stepladder, there’s no way I’ll reach to wash your hair.”  John’s lips twitched into a grin.  Sherlock dropped to his knees, tilted his head forward and waited. He didn’t much like people touching his hair. Sherlock didn’t know if he knew how big a step this was, but when John’s fingers threaded through the wet strands they were gentle.    He stroked shampoo through Sherlock’s curls almost reverentially.   Afterwards, he unhooked the shower head and rinsed out the suds.  Sherlock was about to stand when John put his hand on his shoulder to keep him down. John smoothed conditioner through his wet mane.
“You don’t waste time, do you?” Tyler said. He yawned.  “Since it’s you… We think Daniels took receipt of drugs from the Marquês indirectly. He didn’t smuggle himself and he wasn’t involved in anything other than distribution on these shores.  He did, however, put up a few boys the Marquês trafficked in from Africa.  We got them out a while ago. Since then, I’ve mostly been involved in monitoring the drugs coming in and where they were distributed.”
“Kids are tough,” Piero agreed.  “You need to make time for you also. Plus, I do not think you should call your boyfriend Sharon.”
“Only Stephen Daniels,” Simon replied. “He were mine.  ‘Cause Jase and I were all coupled up quick, he didn’t have any regulars yet. He got a few odd messages on Facebook.  He wouldn’t show me ‘em or tell me what they said, though.  He didn’t wanna upset me.”
“Indeed,” Sherlock replied with a look that suggested he thought Jamie might be a bampot.  “Did you ever meet with Mark Tyler?”
“I’ve got samples of the drugs from Langridge’s last night.” Molly passed Rosie to John.  “They match samples taken from Brandon Cox’s body.  They also match a tox screen from a body that came in two weeks ago. The guy’s name was Zach Thomas. He was found dead in a graveyard in Stoke Newington
“I do,” John agreed.  “Jason was a decent kid.  I never saw anyone lose their temper with him, and I never saw him lose his temper with anyone either.”
“John,” Sherlock said.  He easily kept up with Mycroft as they swept through the hospital towards the exit.
“John, I’d say it was a pleasure to see you, but, well, the circumstances aren’t what we would desire, are they?”   Charles’ voice boomed across his office.
“Why don’t you give me your number and I’ll get John to ring you?”  Sherlock said.  The next thing John knew, he was sitting in the back of cab with Sherlock.   The wodge of cash and the disc had gone.  John looked around. There was a thick bulge in Sherlock’s coat.  John took a deep breath.  What the fuck was going on?
Harris’ Safe Deposit facility was based in Hatton Garden, which took almost twenty minutes by cab from Mycroft’s office. The front office was presided over by a bald man in glasses who peered over the rims at Sherlock when he presented the key.
John’s head spun.  Sherlock was too far away.  John closed his eyes.  “We’re here on business, Fabian.” His throat felt thick with unshared caresses.
“What do you want, my love?”  Sherlock stroked John’s face until his breathing slowed and he opened his eyes.
When they perused the list, Sherlock and John discovered there were five clients in common from the list of attendees on the nights of Jason and Brandon’s murders.  Three of them had been on Brandon’s client list and one of those two had seen Ellis.  All of them featured on Sherlock’s list of suspects from the day before.
“It’s not the best vessel.” Sherlock watched the action through his phone screen. “Hard to gauge volume. I may have to steal the bowl.”
Sherlock took a deep breath.  When he reached for his coat, his hand revealed a slight tremor.  “Let’s go,” he said.
“Stevie Wonder,” John replied.  “One of my favourites.  Course, this track is called ‘Superwoman’, which isn’t even remotely apt.  Very bitter and twisted, but a pretty tune.”
“I’m surprised you don’t know, druggie boy.” Fabian grinned at Sherlock.  “You and I have more than Jean in common, non?”
John nodded. “I think we should get down under the console if we can. I know something’s going to give eventually, but we can make it as hard as possible.” He crouched under the driver’s console and wrapped his body around Rosie as much as he could. Sharan crawled under her seat.  They waited.
He strode ahead. John nudged Sherlock’s shoulder with his and they followed. Sometimes, being Sherlock Holmes and John Watson wasn’t so bad.
“I thought of you too,” John said. “Often. I never forgot what it felt like to have your mouth around me. Your body around me.” John’s eyelids drooped and he adjusted his seated position to give himself easier access to his dick. “I used to wonder if you’d’ve disappeared if I’d’ve let you fuck me. I wanted you to fuck me. I wouldn’t’ve admitted that even a year ago but it’s true.”
John coaxed Sherlock’s mouth open with gentle kisses and then slipped his tongue inside. Sherlock hummed against John’s mouth, teased by his tongue.  John sucked his tongue and Sherlock’s cock thickened more than he thought possible.  He arched against John’s body.
“Wait,” John said. He cleaned an area of grazed flesh on Sherlock’s right shoulder and then inspected bruising that stretched from side to back, just below Sherlock’s waist. He started to feel Sherlock’s tummy and press the bruised area. “Tell me if any of this is painful.”
John sighed. Sherlock was the most infuriating, selfish arsehole that ever lived most of the time. He’d changed though, after Mary and after Eurus. He was less self-obsessed, a better friend to John and a co-parent to Rosie.  However, since the case at Langridge’s, Sherlock was being almost perfect.  Much as he hated to admit it, what Harry said fitted.
“Just before we came,” Sherlock replied. “It was of adequate firmness I expect. Would you like to know anything else about it?”
“I know, I know, I just can’t explain,” John said. “Do you like the idea of people seeing us having sex? You reacted when Fabian was doing stuff in front of us.  If I have to get used to the idea that you like public sex, I will, Sherlock. I love you. I want to make you happy.”
Dimly, John heard the door buzz, but, before he gathered his thoughts about it, Sherlock’s fingers pressed his perineum and, in response, John came and came and came.
“Your only issue is hiding the dildo.  My advice would be to hoik it up.” Nathan stood and hitched up the harness as far as it would go. “Then you can tuck it up into your waistband.”
John thought back to Sherlock telling him that Mary had bestowed a value on his life that he didn’t know how to spend.
“Yes, it is.  We’ll have men inside that blackout room putting themselves in danger in order to protect the lives of others. I need to know that we can observe them clearly enough to do that effectively.  In other words, Mr Langridge, I will get that footage one way or another. It would be best for everyone if you just handed it over.”
.” Sherlock smiled. “Now, if you’ll excuse John and I we have work to do. We’ll see you this evening.”
The little one, who was strapped into a car seat, blew a raspberry and laughed.  “Erwock and addeeee.”
It was early the following day and John’s body was jammed in a window frame to stop a very heavy window from closing. He and Sherlock had reached it by climbing up Doubles’ fire escape, where they jimmied it open with a crowbar.
“Go read it then!” Lestrade said. “I’ll text you the link if you want. Read it and tell me whether you want me to get a few patrols out looking for John. You know him best.”
Already, Sherlock could push in as far as his third knuckles. He slid his hand free and rubbed John’s slick over the entirety of his hand before he eased it back in. When Sherlock was engulfed to the furthest point, he twisted his hand, slipping it around the rim and, with just a little pressure, John’s body gave. Sherlock was in as far as the base of his thumb.
Behind the red door lay a corridor with dim emergency lighting strips laid along the floor.  The darkness poured over them like tar.   The corridor ended in a landing space with three doors.
The yell killed the moment.  Somewhere in the bowels of the building, John heard a voice. Was it Simon?
“If I’ve got to have things up my bum all afternoon,” Sherlock replied. “I need to use the bathroom.”
John got to his feet. “In that case, you climb in here. I’ll go get the breakfast and then come back with it.”
“Have it ready. I want you to keep count of the chest compressions and if you get any reaction at all, you need to roll the child into the recovery position. Is it time for more rescue breaths yet?”
“So much that he would drug Zach Thomas to hurt him?  Then, perhaps, get the dosage wrong and let him die?” Sherlock suggested.
“No,” John said. He was so very tired, so very embarrassed.  If Sherlock left the room now, John would climb out of the window rather than face him again.  He stumbled as he stepped out of his jeans and Sherlock steadied him by putting his arm around John’s shoulders.  “I’m sorry,” John whispered.  “By rights, I should be arrested for being here. Plus, if this gets out, if it makes it to the press, I won’t mind if you don’t want me to work cases with you anymore.  I…”
“As long as you’ll tell me if you’re in pain, we’ll do that. But no gritting your teeth and baring it if anything hurts,” John said. “Or if it’s bad.”
Sherlock looked around. Lestrade just shouted into his radio and pointed at different people and was not, in any way, useful to him.  Sherlock readied himself to yell again when John appeared beside him.
From now on, I'm going to try and post on a WEDNESDAY (Not Tuesday as I previously stated) and a Saturday. I'm posting early this week because I have an exciting agenda of domestic drudgery planned for tomorrow. Lucky me.  Who knows, maybe there is a floor under all those muddy dog footprints.
“I think this position is good for you two?” Nathan got to his feet and moved so they could both see him.
Sherlock reached behind John with lube-slick fingers.  Since he and John had deviated from their prepared routine, Sherlock had no idea how to pretend to finger John’s arse.  So, Sherlock just slipped a finger up John’s bum and hoped for the best.
John sat in bed for ten minutes. He waited to see if Sherlock returned.  When he didn’t, John got up and followed.  Sherlock was sitting in his chair, knees pulled up and his arms wrapped around them.
John looked at Sherlock.  He remembered Matthews being mentioned as the owner of Doubles. He and Mark were supposed to be friends, or at least colleagues, since Tyler owned shares in the club.
John and Sherlock got to their feet and looked out of the window.   One of Mycroft’s be-suited agents had a man pinned to the street.  It was clear who it was. They knew Nathan Drake rather well, after all.  Sherlock hung up on Mycroft and waved the agent and his captive inside.
.   Sherlock remembered having smelt a hint of the scent on John previously.  He’d mistaken it for a woman’s perfume.  He passed back the bottle.
Sherlock wrapped his arms around John’s belly and clung to him as they rolled from the bed onto the carpet. This time, Sherlock ended up on top of John and the movement pushed his cock more solidly inside John. They both moaned.
“Let’s just go down to the lounge, hm?” Sherlock suggested. “If it’s awful, we’ll leave as soon as we can. If not, then we’ll decide from there.”
When John Watson had come into his life, Sherlock started to view sex differently. In a matter of weeks, he’d longed to kiss, caress, and make love to John. Fantasies about John’s heat had become Sherlock’s key masturbatory aid, and he had to develop his own aftershave to mask his own arousal. After a matter of months, Sherlock had realised he was in love. He’d started to steal items of John’s clothing and smelt them, slept with them, and treasured them. When Sherlock had jumped from the roof of Bart’s into a life of undercover work and assassination, he did so with one of John’s jumpers, two of his t-shirts, a pair of his socks and three pairs of his pants.
Something changed in Sherlock’s attitude, whether it was discomfort or sheer arousal, but he pulled John’s chest to his and rested his elbows on the bed beneath John.  He thrust then with his hips only, meaning that each one was more directed and their groins were closer together.  John’s arousal grew.  He heard his own cries increase in volume with each thrust.
Fabian turned himself around.  Tyler grabbed the lube, dribbled some into his hand and swiftly pushed three fingers into Fabian.
“Which one’s Fabian?”  John watched Lestrade as he looked around and then stopped, eyes fixed on the Frenchman who looked so much like Sherlock, albeit, brown-eyed and John’s height.  “Him?”  Lestrade motioned to Fabian. John nodded.  Lestrade cleared his throat. “One of Mycroft’s lot will take your statement, I’ll get Sally to speak to Fabian.  I need to find out who saw what. Don’t leave until I say, yeah?”
“We’ve no further questions, officer.  Thank you for your time.”   Sherlock swept out of the room. He heard John follow him.  As they walked back into the main room, Sherlock noted Charles Langridge talking to Lestrade.
John straightened and walked to the calendar.  “Ten-forty-five, blackout,” he read aloud.  “Matthews knew about the drug drop.”
Rosie pushed the item into John’s face. It almost went up his nose. When he retrieved it, he discovered it was a tiny piece of brown pottery.  “Um, that’s nice,” he said. He looked at Rosie and smiled.
So there we are, this is the end. For my part, I'm maybe halfway through writing the follow-up, 'Nothing to Lose, so it's going to be a while. In the interim, I'm going to write some short fics, so I'm not disappearing for six months. :-)  However, most of the thanks below to you for reading and commenting.  I'd heard that Sherlock fandom was a tough nut to crack and that it might even be dead... I've not found it that way at all, and that's all because of you lot.  <3 <3 <3
“I thought you were going to get all wise on me then.” John winked at Sherlock and then yawned. His legs hurt, and his arse was definitely tender. John’s abdominal muscles were complaining at all his clenching and he was hot and sticky and probably stank. It was delightful. New. John simply hadn’t felt like this before.
Mycroft’s private room at the Diogenes was dark. It smelled of stale smoke and polished wood.  Sherlock had noticed some crumbs on a tea plate within 0.8 seconds.
John raised a hand and stroked Sherlock’s cheek. “You’re nothing like the monster cock.” Sherlock giggled. John did too. “I can’t believe you’ve made me laugh about the monster cock.”
“Every time I think we’ve got this cracked, there seems to be something else,” Lestrade said. He held his pen like a cigarette.  “And you know as well as I do, that we’re only added muscle for Mycroft with the Europol shit.”
“Jiggy-jiggy,” John said with a smile.  “I could probably get a hard-on now.” He pushed against the sheets to expose himself.  Sherlock took a hasty step forward and held the bed clothes in place.
“I’ll, um, fill you in on her later,” John said.  He looked over at Simon.  “Can you think of anyone who would do this, Simon?  Anyone at all?”
It was almost eleven o’clock when Simon Turner arrived at 221B Baker Street. It was as clear to John as it was to Sherlock that he had not slept.  When John opened the door, he took two steps in and sagged into John’s open arms.  It seemed that the tears, at least, were used up last night.  His red-rimmed eyes failed to focus, and he seemed drawn and empty.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow.  He opened his mouth and then saw John’s face, all thunder and warning lights, so closed it again with a sigh.
A word I made up because, in my mind, it encompasses glistening little globs, like blisters.  Shakespeare made up no end of words, so I think it’d be rude not to.
“Fine,” John said. He took a few steps away from Sherlock. A tea towel landed on Sherlock’s head. Sherlock used it to wipe his face and blow his nose. He heard John huff from the kitchen.
Charles laughed.  “I watched, Mr Holmes.  I admired his technique and, when he was finished, I engaged him in conversation.   Whether you like me or not, Mr Holmes, I see myself as someone who looks after those who choose to sell their bodies for sex.”
“I wasn’t,” John replied. His voice was deep, serious. Almost threatening. But hell if it didn’t make Sherlock even more aroused. “I didn’t think of a woman,” John said. “Not once. I just kept my eyes closed because I was too worried about coming too fast.”
“Sex. Love. All of it.” John rested his hand against Sherlock’s cheek. “I didn’t know it could feel like that. Like this.”
“Of course,” Sherlock responded.  “We’re all wired up. We just need to make sure that your technical people can ensure that reception is acceptable.”
“I dare say you can,” Jacob said. “But ‘int it better for everyone if we preserve yours and Mr ‘Olmes’ dignity? After all, wiv you in ‘eat and Mr ‘Olmes in rut, it pays to be cautious.”
John shrugged. He paid for Fabian’s time. He never failed to assume that money was the driving factor.
When Sherlock stood and walked towards the bathroom, he was momentarily halted by the sensation of John’s release leaking from him. He turned and noticed John looking. John winked and Sherlock blushed.
“I’m not.” Sherlock squeezed John’s hand, which was still draped over his knee. “Not usually. I mean, I’ve been propositioned for sex before. Just not by you.”
. He estimated his heat would start in three weeks’ time. John did not intend to spend them, or his heat, alone.
“After my heat?” John’s eyebrows so high they’d almost disappeared into his hairline. “In what respect?”
“Are you okay?” John asked.  Sherlock nodded. “Now, I’ve been to the sexual health clinic and been tested. I’m clean and I’m really fucking relieved.”  Sherlock grinned.  “We know you’re clean,” John went on, “thanks to Mycroft’s insistence in testing you constantly. But now’s the time to tell me if you want to use condoms.”
“It occurred to me that I didn’t want to just have sex with someone who I felt nothing for.  I didn’t want Rosie to see me have a hundred girlfriends because I was too scared to think about being with a man. Because that was the issue, Sherlock. I realised, when Mary died, and I blamed you, that I didn’t just love you as a friend but that I wanted to be with you romantically.  I was terrified.  But, when I cried that night and I told you about my affair, it just seemed right. Your arms around me felt right. Since then, well, you’ve cared for me and my daughter. She has us both and I hope she always does.”
Sherlock opened his mouth to speak, but John jumped to his feet and wagged his finger in a silent demand for Sherlock’s attention.
“Dr Watson?” the woman asked again. John’s posture changed, and he nodded. “My name’s Dr Marshall. I’ll be looking after Mr Holmes’ care while you’re here. His MRI is being looked at by our neurology team and his X-Ray has been sent to our plastic surgeons. As far as I can see, there are no breakages, but plastics will check and confirm. Mr Holmes is, I suspect, dehydrated and his blood sugar is rather low. As soon as we’ve heard from the specialists and we know Mr Holmes doesn’t require surgery, we’ll bring him some food. For now, he has glucose in his drip. Has anyone explained the chair?” Dr Marshall nodded towards the corner.
Sherlock took a deep breath. There was no doubt he liked to be in charge. He was new to sex and control gave him confidence. He was less assured when John took the lead. Sherlock took another deep breath; still worried he’d come too soon.
Just over half an hour later, John walked slowly back towards Lestrade’s office, coffee in hand.  Donovan met him in the corridor and pulled him in to a side room.
“Let me,” Sherlock said. John’s fingers dropped away and Sherlock re-lubed and pressed two of his digits inside with some ease.  He teased the area around John’s prostate without making direct contact. Then, Sherlock stretched his fingers apart and managed to slide in a third.  “How’s that?” he asked.
“Jason Liverson, 21 years of age, originally from sunny Milton Keynes,” Lestrade began.  He held his pen like a cigarette, Sherlock noted. The nicotine withdrawal was palpable.  “He fell from the third floor where he was replacing the towels in the Jacuzzi and sauna area.   Here is a list of all the customers and staff who were on the third floor at the time.”
“Aaron Sommers?”  A man put his head around the door.  John was hypnotised by Anthrax.  “Aaron Sommers!”
Mary’s death had also devastated John.  He loved his wife then and now. Yes, she’d lied. Yes, she’d shot Sherlock.  Yes, she’d thrown herself in front of a bullet with no thought for her daughter or husband.  Those were things he might have hated her for.  But, the hatred never came. How could he hate the woman who’d saved him from himself?   He’d been half dead when he met her, just as he’d been when he met Sherlock.  Both saved John from the most dangerous opponent a Watson ever faced: themselves.  No matter how many bottles Harry Watson had looked at the bottom of, she never killed her demons.  Her brother was an army man. He knew the importance of having allies.  Did it matter if John’s allies were morally deviant, to say the least?  Sherlock and Mary had brought him back from the edge and, for that, they would always have his loyalty and his heart. So yes, John grieved for his wife.  He also grieved for the loss of his daughter’s mother.
The first thing John pulled out of the box was a rectangular packet.  John ripped open a corner and took a sharp inhale of breath. He thrust the package at Sherlock.  Inside was a thick bundle of perhaps several hundreds, or more, fifty-pound notes.  Sherlock put the cash down on the table.
After a year, John began to feel the tell-tale signs of his impending heat. His GP told him to have at least one heat while he decided what to do about possible procreation since his fertility was likely to be low.
“Not long, I think,” John said. “I take it I’ve got to stay like this so you can be a pervy Alpha about all this, have I?”
Sherlock wanted to pop his eyes out with a biro. John, posing pouch or no, was his.  He swiftly decided that was the only reason he was breathing so rapidly.
“Well, if that’s all sorted then, Sherlock, I’ll go get Rosie and we’ll have some breakfast, shall we?”
“Suddenly everyone’s nice to me just because I want to kill the little one.” Daniels looked at the blond-haired child.  It was amazing how people could be disguised these days.  The agent lapsed into apparent unconsciousness. The little girl began to cry.
The kiss was downright lascivious. John’s tongue was inside Sherlock’s mouth, making him whimper by sucking Sherlock’s tongue in a manner that implied far more. Within seconds, Sherlock’s body was arching upwards, searching for friction, searching for John.
For a moment, Sherlock expected John, his John, to walk in.  That transient moment of alarm tipped him over the edge.  With a jolt Sherlock came hard, eyes forced open with panic.  His come splattered across his chest and he forced his fingers into his mouth alongside the pillow case.   His heart thundered as he gasped his way back to normal respiration.
Sherlock took the paperwork from his brother. “Tomorrow,” he said. “All of it will be sorted tomorrow.”
“Love you,” Sherlock confessed.   He slid his hands inside John’s robe and over his skin. John’s muscles strained beneath his skin as he moved.   The warm smell of the man combined with soap from his earlier shower and the fresh aftershave John wore.   “I’m in your hands.”
“Do you want to stop?” Sherlock asked when he reappeared. His dick was still hard, and he still looked aroused, but John knew Sherlock would stop and get dressed if he asked him to.
“Yes.” John rammed back against Sherlock’s fingers, fucking himself on them. “I need you, put your cock in me.”
Sherlock stood and started to remove his blouse. He paused. “Are you staying in here?” he asked, suddenly a little shy.
“I am dreadful sorry to hear that, John.  Fabian will miss you terribly. Please do stop in on him before you leave.”
Sherlock blushed and dropped his head.  “Rosie found it,” he mumbled.   He stepped back, but John followed him.
“Not today, hmm?”  John replied.  “Um, Sherlock, can I have a word?”   John stood and led Sherlock out of the office.   “I’m not sure I should be here.  Charles is a slippery bastard. He’ll use me to worm his way out of answering every single question.  You’d be better interviewing him alone.”
“I’ve just done what I always do; I told you the result of my observations and my deductions. Oh, and try not to swear in front of Rosie. I expect her vocabulary will increase exponentially at this stage. Mrs Hudson won’t be impressed if she hears Rosie say ‘fuck’.
Sherlock’s warm, dry hands wrapped around John’s cock and the friction should have been wrong.  As it was, after a few quick, sharp strokes John came. He screamed into Sherlock’s mouth and wrapped his arms and legs around him. He knew his fingernails were digging into Sherlock’s shoulders, but he seemed to be stretched so taut, pulled apart by pleasure, all he could do was hold on tight.
When John and Sherlock arrived at Langridge’s, they were met with an impressively pissed-off wall of clients.  Mycroft ushered a man who was clearly a second-rate politician into a side room, whilst Lestrade argued with Charles Langridge. One of the men who worked at the club, Sonny, walked over.
“I’d expect nothing less,” John replied before he gave Sherlock a kiss that communicated the odd thing or two his rant hadn’t managed to say.
Reid was completely naked. He had a long dragon tattoo that stretched from his chest down one side of his body, around his hip, curled inward at his groin, then twisted around the leg.  The dragon’s tail finished at his ankle.   He hopped into the sex swing with practised ease and pulled the man Sherlock didn’t recognise towards him.
“Are you guys both okay with latex?  If Aaron has a latex allergy, he might not realise it on his hands,” Nathan suggested. “But hell do you realise it when it’s in your arse.”
Sherlock looked at him, his eyes shadowed behind heavy lids, his body draped over the settee like a silk sheet. “For?”
John, smiling, happy John, stood up and tugged Sherlock to his feet and then into a clumsy embrace. “I never knew how much I liked you talking about sex,” John said. “We’ve never really spoken about it, have we? Anyway, I like the way you talk about it. I like your awkwardness and your blushes. It reminds me that you’re not a typical Alpha.”
Sherlock sighed. It was true. He didn’t want John to like the knickers. Sherlock hated the knickers. It was as if his fear, that John fantasised about women when they had sex, had come true. And yet, his dick was being a traitor.
“Tricky fuckers,” Mark said as he nodded.   “Anyways, I wondered if it’d be okay if me and Les could come meet Rosie some time?”
“Well, that just sounds deeply disagreeable, John,” Sherlock said. He widened his eyes and then dropped his head to lick the head of John’s cock.  In between licks, he asked, “Can you pass me some lube?  I think there might be some flavoured stuff, which would be perfect.”
Sherlock slowly eased his hand and the vibrator free.  John groaned at their loss.  He took his erection in hand, squeezing the shaft with slow strokes.  Sherlock slicked himself up.  It felt so good to touch his neglected prick and if it weren’t for John’s sighs as he stroked his own dick and fingered his arse, Sherlock might have continued.
“Yeah?” Sherlock’s gaze flicked to meet John’s and he smiled too. “What do you want?  Hard? Fast? Slow? Gentle?” As he spoke, Sherlock dipped his hips and pushed his cock deep into John with steady pressure. The inexorable sensation bloomed inside John with tantalising pleasure.
Nathan looked down at the handcuffs he still wore.   “He knows I heard, you know.  I’ll be fired if I tell you.”
“You’re not as much fun, Jean, when Sherlock is with you,” Fabian continued. “I’ll suck him off first if you want to watch.”  Sherlock crossed his legs.  He looked crestfallen.
“Shhh.” John stroked Sherlock’s thigh. “You’re a fucking firecracker, aren’t you?  I want to go slow and you’re just determined to go fast aren’t you?”  He eased his hand closer to Sherlock’s cock, touching it with just the tip of a finger.
“Completely different than I expected,” Nathan admitted. “The first time I met him I thought he was a creep. Then, I got to know him. He’s a bit of a sweetheart really. Les thinks so too. And he’s a bit of a tiger in the bedroom when he’s in the mood. Like I said, his sex drive isn’t as high as mine, but what he lacks in regularity he makes up for in enthusiasm.”
John paused. Fabian could be John’s secret. Sherlock offered him privacy, a little bit of his life that he was blissfully unaware of.  Except Sherlock was involved. Even before Fabian had arrived a few months earlier, John had come to Langridge’s to pretend the man he was fucking was Sherlock Holmes.  Fabian just made it easier.  Besides, how could he take Sherlock’s help away from Simon, the man who’d lost his lover this evening?
"Only if we think so," John replied.  "See, here's the thing, we know each other better than most couples do. And it occurs to me that it's security for Rosie."
Sherlock clutched John’s hair and watched Murphy as he rammed against the stranger.  Murphy’s dressing gown was still firmly done up and beads of sweat formed on his skin.    He grabbed the stranger’s hips and thrust in one last time.
The next thing Sherlock felt was a tender push, no pain, no drama, just a warm pressure in and in. When John was balls-deep Sherlock’s cock thickened in response. His arousal was maddening. An Alpha being fucked by an Omega had a ripple of deviancy that stirred Sherlock so much he dared not think of John coming inside him lest he lose control.
“No tying me up.” John knelt on the floor, his head drooped between his shoulders. “No hitting me, spanking me, or any of that. I don’t like S&M and I’m no one’s sub.”
“Please,” Sherlock whispered.  “I’ve researched. This is our first time. According to the internet, everywhere says the first time is rubbish.  If this is going to be awful, then let’s get on so we get to the good stuff.”
John followed as Sherlock was wheeled through the beige corridors of an unremarkable building. John was led into a private room, while Sherlock was taken for an MRI and an X-ray. While he was gone, John looked around the room. A nurse walked in behind him and started to hang bags on a drip stand.
“On it,” John said. He started to go through the shelf. It mostly contained books on things like accounting, basic marketing and other business subjects.  A copy of “Tipping the Velvet” stuck out in more ways than one.  When John opened it up, the inside of the book had been hollowed out.   There, John found numerous memory sticks that he bagged and pocketed. In the chest of drawers beneath the bookshelf, John found several bags containing pills and money, together with a business card.
Daniels looked at the agent. He shushed his tiny colleague despite Daniels having his elbow against his throat to restrict his ability to breathe. “Like I’d trust anything one of your fucking spooks said,” Daniels said.  “I’m going to kill the little one first.”
Sherlock was naked beneath his robe, a bottle of lube in his pocket and a strange feeling in his heart. He knew, stood in his bedroom, his legs were more unstable than he wanted to admit. Sherlock also knew that, until this evening, he’d been blind to what John meant to him. The unassuming, broken soldier, John, made the disparate pieces of Sherlock’s world suddenly click together into a puzzle ball that still confused him but now, somehow, functioned. He wanted to show John what it all meant but, bewildered as he was by human emotion, only one way of doing so registered.
Nevertheless, Sherlock lifted one of John’s legs over his shoulder, the other over his hip. There was a burst of intimate pressure and a breach, and then John closed his eyes as he lost himself to the pleasure of his body opening up and taking in Sherlock’s cock. John hadn’t had a real Alpha cock in years and he revelled in the warmth, the hard-softness, and the close body contact. John opened his eyes to see Sherlock judder with suppressed desire. Sherlock made several slow, shallow thrusts and John almost screamed with frustration. He wanted Sherlock deep. He wanted to get fucked.
“No, I’ve just got up. John’s gone away for a bit.”  Sherlock wrapped his free arm around himself and stroked his other arm.
John swept his gaze over the body. He paused when he reached Brandon’s backside.  The urticaria, in the form of red welts, was more concentrated on his arse.   John looked up at Sherlock and their eyes met.  A barely perceptible nod and John eased Brandon’s buttocks apart.
“Okay,” John said. He smiled and followed Sherlock out of the bedroom. It wasn’t a bad sight at all.
Sherlock stepped towards John, eyes closed.  He focused on a few deep breaths.  Arousal increased respiration rates, but this was ridiculous.  When he opened his eyes again, John was sitting on the bed.
John lay back against Sherlock, both of them stretched out in the bath.  They’d already washed and now lay in the cooling water. Sherlock’s voice rumbled through his chest and vibrated against John’s back.
“Sherlock!” John’s eyes opened wide.  He stopped breathing for a moment and his hips rose as he arced off the bed.   “I’m going to come too soon, too soon if you don’t…”  John’s cock dripped with clear precome and Sherlock reached out to give it a slow stroke.
John waved.  He felt Sherlock’s arm beside him and, unless he was very much mistaken, the detective was suggesting that Bailey was a fan of masturbation.
“Look, Mark’s just a businessman and I know the fact he’s married and all that is odd, but his wife, Les, she’s cool about it. Now that’s a woman who really doesn’t like anal. I don’t think you can overestimate the affection in their relationship. But, sexually, Mark likes men and that means that I’m an important person in their lives.  Les and I go out for drinks at least once a week and we talk on the phone regularly.”
“Bees. Right. So, all of that is fine. Absolutely fine. Do you want to bond on this heat or later down the line?” John suddenly cupped his penis. He squeezed a little and grunted with relief.
“Cox owed Candlar money. That may have come from Daniels too. What about connections to Sodium Oxybate? Molly texted me earlier to tell me that the Sodium Oxybate used in the GHB distributed by Bouchard was of medical grade.”
“How do you want me?” John’s voice told Sherlock his energy had clearly gone. Sherlock leant over and kissed him. John’s lips were warm and wet, and his tongue flicked against Sherlock’s in lazy circles. Sherlock smiled into the kiss and stroked John’s cheek.
“That’s a conversation for another time,” John interrupted. He moved his hand, another little stretch, thicker and deeper.
“I’m going to go through some things that I know help me,” Nathan said. “Did you guys bring a notepad at all?”
“That is the concern,” Candlar admitted. “Think Charles has some sort of codicil to his will though. I’m not sure she can. That said, Lizzie’s been helping at Langridge’s for years. The place is in her blood. I can’t see her making sweeping changes.”
“Bend your knees.” Sherlock eased them down until his backside hit cold porcelain.  He stretched out his long legs and helped John stabilise himself on his haunches.
John woke up at three in the morning. Sherlock was star-fished in the centre of the bed. John went for a wee, then returned and rearranged Sherlock so they could comfortably share.  He cuddled against Sherlock’s body, head on his shoulder and closed his eyes. Sherlock put his arm around his back and pulled him in further. It was blissful.
“It’s a possibility.” Sherlock crossed his legs.  “I won’t say it will happen, but it might.  It’s better that we’re here, just in case. After all, I think we saved lives last time.”
“I noticed when I walked in yesterday that there was an object under one of the chairs in the lobby area. I made the police bag it. Jason may have been carrying it when he fell. I believe that the item was what is colloquially known as a butt plug.  So, was Jason likely to have been carrying it with the intention of cleaning the item?”
Sherlock bit his lip. His cock had jumped in his hand. He’d always assumed that he would be the bottom in his and John’s relationship. He’d always assumed John would want to pretend Sherlock was a woman. Sherlock’s thighs burned. He was thrusting up into his fist and he hadn’t been aware. He scootched down the bed a little way so he could fuck his fist easier.
John nodded. He watched Sherlock pick up the awful thing and leave the room with it. He heard the clunk of the bin in the kitchen. He tamped down the urge to take the thing out of the bin, drive it to Dover and throw the bastard thing into the sea.
When the kiss ended, Sherlock rested his forehead against John’s. He took a few deep breaths before he spoke. “I’m not apologising for being grumpy.”  His lips curled into a smile.
Sherlock nodded. He knew none of it. There was a voice in his head singing nursery rhymes. It was better that way.
“And Doubles is hardly the only male brothel in this city,” John said.  “Not to mention the fact that you could set up on your own. You’re not without options, Nathan. Just tell us.
“Oh, John.” Sherlock curled another finger between John’s lips and had to reach down to squeeze his own cock. There was no way he could get hard again, but his cock was twitching with almost oversensitive shocks. He must’ve winced because suddenly John kissed him again and captured Sherlock’s hands behind his back. When they finished kissing, both men gasped for air.
“None of my men are on the train,” read Mycroft’s text.  “Whoever you can see, please believe me when I say that they weren’t sent by me.”
“I love you, John.” Sherlock kissed his cheek, reached for the bowl, put it between them and then fiddled with his camera. So, intent was he on the science, he almost missed it when his penis slipped from John’s body in a rush of liquid. The bowl, which was larger than it needed to be for sweets, had shallow sides and a wide base and it quickly started to fill.
“With Harry,” John replied. “She came and got her. I’ve just got out of the bath. My tummy hurts, I feel sick, and my arse is drooling like a sodding bloodhound.”
The next bullet put a crack in the windscreen. Two more shots plinked off the metal chassis.  All, apart from crunching footfalls in gravel, went silent.
Sherlock had never considered himself to be even remotely body conscious.  However, his brain softened at the edges. It wasn’t his body but John’s that he worried about. He’d been entirely unprepared for the possessiveness he felt.
Sherlock tried to make it to the bath in a single step. He didn’t have enough control over his emotions to stop them being fully facially visible, so he decided to face John as little as possible. As it was, Sherlock didn’t know how to feel. He wanted John. He loved John. Oh, he knew that just as he knew that spring followed winter. However, he didn’t know how he and John would do ‘him and John’. He knew he’d avoided this stuff at all costs for years for very good reasons.
“Fine.” Sherlock stepped forward and stared at the floor as if it held the secrets of the universe.  “I might just pop back to bed then.”  Without another word, Sherlock walked away, into his bedroom and out of John’s way.
Otherwise, I'm sorry I'm late posting.  It's been an odd sort of day.  I did make Bokkeumbap (also known as Kimchi Fried Rice) for dinner though. It was okay. My other half loved it. I do, however, feel virtuous for eating all that cabbage (mine wasn't fermented cabbage.  Maybe that would have been better. I'm not sure. Either way, it was a fuckload of cabbage). Be glad you're not in my house tonight with two women who have IBS who've eaten a ton of cabbage.  The scented candles have a lot of work to do.
“Where’s he moved him to?”  John asked.  He tried to stay calm.  He’d told himself over the past few days that he could wait to speak to Tyler. The notion he might have to wait longer never entered his mind.
“If we pick that, though, then we have to lie about me seeing prostitutes before and what we discussed with Piero,” John countered.  “We need to tell as few lies as possible if we’re going to maintain cover. You taught me that; stick as close to the truth as you can.”
“Fetch me bikkits, boy. If I can’t take you to bed, I demand crunchy goodness.” Sherlock adjusted his trousers, yanked his dressing gown together to cover his crotch and sat down at the kitchen table to check his experiments.
Shaw ran a Milliners called Larkins. She didn’t make the hats; she was just the front-woman. The actual hats were designed and made by a small army of Women’s Institute members in Chesham who blew the proceeds on chutney-making supplies.
“Later, later.” John tightened around Sherlock’s cock and his soft cries grew louder. “God, you feel amazing.” John’s voice was as firm as ripped silk rippling in waves to the floor. Sherlock’s knot seemed to push a little deeper with each stroke, but he was shy of forcing it until John pleaded, “Knot me, please, please. I want to feel you, I need to.”
John laughed. “I’ve already left my revenge.   I’m leaving a wet patch on your side of the bed.”  Sherlock frowned. His confusion must have been clear because John tried to explain. “What went up must come down?”
, Sherlock loved. John hadn’t smelt like John, not for a long time, but it wasn’t unknown for Omegas to go heat-free for several years after bereavement. Only Sherlock seemed to notice that John had been muted: a man in pastel, not primary, colours. Little by little, the colour had come back and so too did John Watson’s delicious, earthy, somewhat wicked scent.
While the police shuffled around, Sherlock took John’s hand and led him upstairs to a storeroom he’d found on his first visit to Langridge’s.  It was a large room filled with spare desks, chairs and mattresses stacked up against the walls with white sheets thrown over them.  Sherlock didn’t bother turning on the light, he just pulled John into the darkness.
“I’m, I’m,” John’s voice trailed off and his body clamped around Sherlock’s cock. Semen pattered over the kitchen floor and, for a while, John’s arms held. Eventually, as his orgasm continued to wrack his compact frame, John slumped and, in doing so, dragged Sherlock on top of him. Sherlock’s arousal peaked when his cock was pulled deeper and the reflexive contractions triggered by John’s release drew his own climax from him. It felt as though he would come forever, the raw mixture of pleasure and pride roaring in his ears. With the little energy and focus he had left, Sherlock rolled he and John onto their sides, so they could lay in relative comfort while they were clinched together.
“Hardly.” John pushed open the bedroom door. Sherlock was sitting on the top step.  “I wondered when you were going to remember that.”
“I need you to come back to the flat,” John said. Even speech hurt. “Now. Mrs Hudson’s gone out, there’s no one to look after Rosie. I need an ambulance.”
John pulled Sherlock aside. “Are you talking about Wiggins?  You can’t leave Molly with him. Come on!”
“Well, he could visit my sister, let’s put it that way.”  Sherlock’s hands were clenched into fists on the kitchen counter.
Mycroft took a deep breath.  He may have been disinterested in Rosie when she was first born, but now she lived with Sherlock and John at 221B, Mycroft considered her a Holmes by proxy.   She was his niece. She was possibly the closest thing he, Sherlock or Eurus would ever have to a daughter of their own. Their parents saw her as their grandchild. Mycroft could not abide to see her hurt.  He opened the drawer where he’d kept Tyler’s keys without a word.  Mycroft held the keys out to Sherlock.
“And yours is Fabian Bouchard, is it not? You told us, that day at Doubles, that you loved Fabby. You really do, don’t you?”  The bricks slotted into place inside Sherlock’s brain. He knew who killed Zach Thomas. Now all he needed to do was to convince Piero to admit it.
“No’ really,” Jamie admitted.  “Not apart from what ya saw, like.  I don’t think I’m smooth or suave enough for ‘im.” Jamie grinned.  “My punters like a bit o’ rough or a prawper man, y’ken?”
Soon it was Sherlock’s turn to look vacant. His jaw dropped when John’s body clenched hard around his fist and John howled. Thick jets of come spurted across John’s trembling body. Sherlock kept his hand inside still, but it wasn’t a choice. John arse clutched at Sherlock’s fist like a tight, velvet glove. John’s trembles turned to jagged shakes. When the sensations ebbed, John’s body relaxed but when they spiked, he came again and tightened around Sherlock’s hand. By the time his aftershocks ended, Sherlock’s hand physically hurt from the taut grasp of John’s body.
The first thing that struck John about Doubles was volume.  Langridge’s was quiet, serene and calm; Doubles was an aural assault on the senses.  A Britney Spears song rolled across the stained, beige carpet, and spotlights changed the colour of the white walls from blue to green and red, yellow then purple. The building smelled of sweat, spunk and soiled gym socks.
John’s hand grasped Sherlock’s chin and tried to tilt up his face. Sherlock pushed himself back, over his heels and he scooted on his bum back behind his own chair. Sat beneath his violin stand, Sherlock crossed his arms and tried to stop shaking.
Mycroft left him to speak to a man John was sure was some sort of politician.  The MP scowled when he noticed John’s stare.
John carded his hands into Sherlock’s hair and tilted his head back. He brought their lips together and moaned into the kiss when Sherlock’s finger brushed against his prostate. When Sherlock pushed another finger inside, they both cried out. John pulled back. Sherlock’s expression was as unguarded as he’d ever seen, and he seemed as overwhelmed by his actions as John was.
“Lestrade, please, don’t be tiresome. I haven’t read the post. I informed you of that less than a minute ago.”
“I know. Thing is, once I knew I wanted more, I needed to know that I would be able to have sex with a man.  Do you have any sexual experience, Sherlock?”
Sherlock lowered the violin and took a deep breath.  He lowered his bow with so much energy that it audibly swooshed through the air like an epee blade.   The look he gave John suggested steam was about to shoot from his ears.  “You may wish to go back out,” Sherlock said quietly.
Stephen Daniels lurched to his feet.  The man sat at the far end of the carriage, near to the door that led down the train.   As Daniels got closer, he heard the conversation between the man and his smaller companion.
“This is very intimate,” Sherlock said hesitantly. “Isn’t it?” There again was that edge, that little bit of uncertainty, that made John want to crawl inside that tight, white shirt and never leave.
John looked up, Sherlock looked down, their dry, smooth lips touched and the kiss did not end until John was on top of Sherlock and tongues searched for answers to sleepy, hopeful, questions posed (a yes, a
Fabian released his grip on John and held out a trembling hand.  Face to face, Sherlock noticed that Fabian looked pale, with red rings around bloodshot eyes.  Sherlock shook his hand, turning his wrist out as he did so.
John’s desperate expression and struggling had been a parody of his own normal arousal. Mary had simply sped up her movements and fucked him relentlessly.
So, quite a bit happens in this chapter and it's rolled up and delivered with a small helping of bathtime fun.  Once more, I need to apologise for Scottish people for my cruelty to their accent. I wonder if anyone here knows about a lad called Jim Reid who happens to be in his band with his brother, William?  I stole his name and his nationality with nothing but love.  My Jamie isn't anything like Jim Reid, I'm sure.  The band, of course, is The Jesus and Mary Chain - go look up a song called 'Happy When It Rains' if you want a quick blast of their genius.  I think of them as a Scottish Ramones, but that might just be me.
“Doesn’t matter,” John said.  He moved next to Sherlock and took the mangled pillow from him.  “It only just occurred to me that I never asked. I just assumed. I won’t push.  Your secrets are yours to tell.”
John stood so fast, he clouted his head against Sherlock’s chin and the next few moments comprised of both men grasping their injuries and looking pained.
So, yes, I've got Mary interfering.  And she is, absolutely interfering.  She's doing it kindly, but it's annoying.  But, she was interfering, and it makes sense to me, at least, that she'd leave this fucking trail through her brother.  However, don't be thinking that this will be resolved because of what she says.  Our boys will sort this their way, I promise.  I also wanted to make sure Rosie is looked after. I know she's a fictional child, but I was concerned.
Sherlock had delivered the evidence he found to Mycroft but, on a hunch, he also discovered that the directors of the firm were involved in others, either directly or through spouses.  The directors covered their tracks with various company names and even simple misspellings that made the trail harder to follow.  Once the list of firms was complete, Sherlock hoped to deduce which of them were involved in the money laundering operation.  It was dull and laborious work.  Sherlock excelled at it, even if he found it tedious. Mycroft also paid well.
Sherlock sighed.  John Watson was his Vitruvian man; his proportions in mind and body were Sherlock’s ideal.  If John needed a prostitute, then he was willing to accept it, no matter how strange it made him feel. Sherlock told himself he was merely concerned about the riskiness of John’s behaviour. That was all. Though, it was better for Rosie if John dealt with his sexual urges without parading various women in and out of her life.  Sherlock wondered what sort of sexual acts John would ask for tonight.  He put the empty scone tin on the table and patted the arm of the sofa with his hand.
“Do you really think that Langridge’s is closed, brother-mine?”   Mycroft grinned.  He lifted his umbrella, spun it and thumbed the end back down onto the wooden floor.  “Charles reopened the brothel yesterday.  Boys will have their boys.”  His eyes flicked to John who steadfastly ignored him.
“Bullshit,” John replied. “It’s not giving me you, is it?” And that was the problem. John couldn’t deny that the machine,
Sherlock and John looked at each other. They shook their heads.  John blushed and didn’t look very convincing. Sherlock expected that he probably didn’t either.
“Of course,” Mycroft replied.  “He’s under the care of the best medical team we could arrange. I would trust my own life with them.”  Sherlock snorted. High praise indeed. “It’s a routine operation, as far as these things go.”
“I’d always thought that Daniels must have known them. But, other than his fake girlfriend and the people in parliament, I never found anyone. They all checked out. There must be someone though.  I was in the process of trying to find out more about Langridge’s. I don’t think Charles is involved, but there must be someone.”
“I think the best toys are really smooth ones,” Nathan added. “None of that rubbish with the veins or things carved like dolphins or whatever. Just a nice, smooth butt toy is fine with me.”
“First of all, just for the record, I will still love you if you’re an arsehole. I know what a good heart you have now, so you can’t hide it no matter what a rude git you are.  Secondly, do you honestly think I’d agree to take part in this bust if I didn’t have faith in you, in Lestrade and in Mycroft?  I have even more faith because I’m a father. I know that every single one of you will do all you can to bring me home so I can live happily with my daughter for a bloody long time.”
“Add paranoia and possible psychosis to Daniels’ list of mental health issues. On the evening of Liverson’s death, there was a sex toy beneath a chair where it fell, along with Jason.  The DNA on it was found to belong to Gabriel, one of the men who worked at the club, and to Jason himself.  We disregarded it. But there are also lime-scale deposits and chlorine, meaning that it may have been used in the Jacuzzi on the third floor. Jason went in to change the towels. He saw something that made Daniels snap.  He grabbed the toy and pushed it into Jason’s mouth, covering it with his DNA. They struggled and Liverson went over the bannister and fell to his death.”
Sherlock had barely finished cleaning John’s feet when he was drawn back up to stand. John’s kiss was greedy and delicious and Sherlock met each suck and nip with his own. The sound of their kisses was obscene against the white, porcelain silence.
They went back into the blackout area and investigated the private rooms.  The one closest to the fire escape was dimly-lit and contained a number of shackles, whips, floggers and restraints. In contrast, the central room was brightly lit and the floor, walls and even ceiling were covered in plastic.
“Just fast then. Please, Sherlock.” The pleading tone broke Sherlock’s resolve and he started to fuck John in deep, fast strokes. “Yes, yes,
“Oh!” Sherlock’s head dropped back against the sofa.  He spread his legs but John’s mouth had gone.  When Sherlock opened his eyes, John brought the tip of his fake dick to his lips and licked the tip.   “Please,” Sherlock whispered because watching John Watson sucking a fake dick was delicious.
“Vibrator, vibrator.”  John’s head dropped between his arms and he groaned when Sherlock pushed the vibrator inside next to his cock.  “On, on,” John prompted.
Sherlock dipped his head and took almost all of John’s prick into his mouth before he pulled back with a long, slurping, suck. He bobbed his head down and moved in time with the motions of the chair. John’s mind went from, ‘What-sort-of-Alpha-sucks-an-Omega’s-cock?-Twice!’, to, ‘Thank-fucking-God-that-Sherlock’s-that-sort-of-Alpha’, and on to, ‘If-anyone-thinks-they’re-getting-near-Sherlock-Holmes,-I-will-fucking-shoot-them-because-he’s-mine’.
“Do you think Fabian looks like me?” Sherlock looked at his fingernails. That wasn’t the question he wanted to ask at all. He had another go. “Why did you decide to have sex with someone who looks like me?”
“Only in a fight?”  Reid winked and looked down.  Sherlock followed the line of his eye and started to laugh.  The dildo Sherlock wore had slipped free of the folds of hs dressing gown. In the exertion, it had drooped alarmingly.  “I see you’re a one-man guy.” Reid grinned.  Sherlock chuckled and covered his modesty, not to mention his fake dick.  Sherlock was happy that the droopy dildo hid his desire for John.  The arousal he’d experienced in the blackout room hadn’t entirely diminished.
When it breached Sherlock’s body, John’s cock felt warm and soft but-not-soft. It felt wonderful and awful. It made Sherlock’s stomach clench and his cock throb. Sherlock withdrew one hand from the wall to wrap around his cock. He was tugging himself with rapid strokes before John was fully seated in his arse. But the exquisite sensation of John’s penis against his prostate made his body undulate involuntarily.
Mark Tyler was escorted to hospital with three others to be treated for whatever drug they were given.  Lestrade took statements from everyone else.   Charles Langridge had threatened to throw out anyone from Langridge’s who took or distributed to drugs.   Things did not look good for Fabian.
“Yeah, I’m getting that,” Lestrade replied. “Listen, just remember that he’s been grieving and all that stuff. He might not be over Mary and he’s a single dad, and then he’s realised that he’s in love with you. I mean, he says he doesn’t know but he is. I know it and you do, don’t you?”
.  “I found out last week that Colin goes to Langridge’s,” Sherlock said.   John hadn’t expected to hear the truth and he flinched when Sherlock stroked his arm.  He wondered if a punch qualified as a caress.
Sherlock turned and left the room. He didn’t know if he was supposed to have a quick shower, or a very thorough one. He went for thorough and mentally swore at John as he cleaned and poked his arse.   As he approached the bedroom, wrapped in his dressing gown, he heard voices.
If you've read this pile of smutty smutness with no redeemable value and probably cruelty to commas, I thank you from the bottom of my black, smutty heart. That is all. Please tell me what you think. <3
“You’d better ask me then.” John put the filled kettle back onto its base and clicked it on.  He turned to face Sherlock.
“Then I am very honoured and pleased with my gift,” John replied.  “Thank you both.” John kissed Rosie and then Sherlock.   They smiled back at him.  “Thank you so much for taking her out and being amazing with her,” John said to Sherlock.  “You’re truly wonderful with her and with me.”
“Of course, and you’ll be quite safe.” Sherlock flannelled with all his power of flannelling and hoped he’d be able to keep his promise when he said, “I have exceptional self-control and I can promise not to lay a finger on you.”
“You don’ wan’ to sleep wi’ me no more?”  John started to cry again.  “I’s because I’m grey, innit?”
“More,” Sherlock agreed.  John pulled out and pushed two fingers back inside.  “Good.”  John allowed Sherlock’s body to relax before he rubbed the prostate again.  Sherlock moaned and his pale thighs shook a little. John licked the tip of Sherlock’s cock and received a hissed, “yes,” in response.
“Being a detective is dangerous work, huh?” Nathan’s voice had dropped at least one level of perkiness.
“Don’t put the cone in your eye, Rosie.   When I met Mary I just let myself love her. I needed someone in my life to be there for me.  She wanted to be, so I let her.”
“I think John looks far more dashing than I do, Lestrade,” Sherlock said.   John grinned with embarrassment. “A man who has seen combat and who still looks debonair in combat trousers can never fail to be any less than impressive, surely?”
“And you’re a human being with imperatives and drives befitting your first gender as a man and your second gender as an Omega,” Sherlock stated. “You know my work, John, and that all crimes are linked to some human emotion or another. Humans are both weak and strong and a hundred different contradictions. Today, your new bondmate had an accident mid-coitus and required professional help. That help included this place ensuring you could remain with me without anguish or pain. It really is that simple.”
Sherlock’s cock gave a twitch.   “Hell, yes.” He uncrossed his limbs and pulled John in for another kiss.   He pushed a hand into John’s jeans.
“Always,” Sherlock replied. “I’d wear your release and your slick as aftershave if it made you happy.”
Sherlock aided John’s move onto this belly and then opened his arse-cheeks. John’s entrance was slightly slack and wet with come and slick. If he wasn’t so aroused, Sherlock would have been tempted to push his tongue inside John and taste their combined essence. Instead, he wiped a stray dribble onto the butt plug and slid it home.
“Not if I’ve got anything to do it,” Sherlock said.  “You know that I like to work with people I can trust, Lestrade.  You’re far more intelligent than many of the morons that work for Mycroft.”
In front of them seemed to be a wall.  As they neared it, they realised there was a hidden entrance, and beyond that the room revealed itself. Along the sides were two narrow corridors; when they investigated, it was clear there were holes in walls of the corridors. On one wall were holes large enough for penises. On the other, were holes large enough for backsides.
“I’m sure he’s fine, John.” Sherlock tapped John’s hand and he realised he’d been clutching Sherlock’s knee with some force.  “Look at his penis.”
“Ah, Mycroft,” Sherlock said as he opened the door.  “John and I were just discussing why a perfectly sane and not particularly dangerous Europol agent would be being kept in a high-security prison for the most troubled of souls.  Would you care to comment?”
“Addee,” Rosie said. They were standing in the doorway and watched Sherlock saw at his violin.  “Ouchy noise.” She pointed at Sherlock.  “Naughty.”
This chapter and the next are very plotty- and beware red herrings! - but do not despair. Sexy times return in a couple of chapters.
Sherlock pressed giggling kisses along the inside of John’s thighs.  He pushed a slick finger inside against the slim vibrator and directed it to John’s prostate.
“Now, Mr Holmes, what would you like to say to me?” John’s hand was resting on Sherlock’s shoulder, his fingers sunk into tender muscles.
“Cold,” Sherlock complained softly. It might’ve been more believable if he hadn’t whimpered and thrust up into John’s smooth hands.
“A hateful man,” Piero responded.  His eyes narrowed and his lips curled into a scowl. “I saw him before he went to Langridge’s. He was cruel and unpleasant. We do not earn our money when we see nice men, like John, but we could never be paid enough to be with a man like Stephen Daniels.”
“I’ll get the tea and the Hob Nobs, you can straighten the bed,” John said as he wrapped a towel around himself.
John grinned.  “Sounds like love to me.”  He turned in Sherlock’s arms, shivering a little. The water had become too cool to lie in.  “You know that I feel the same. The reason I took over was because I wanted to protect you, to take care of you.  That’s who we are, you and me. We look after each other, we love each other, and we bring up Rosie.”
John awoke at four in the morning. Sherlock was fast asleep and, since he slept irregularly anyway, John tried not to disturb him. Instead, he climbed out of bed, tiptoed to the kitchen and got himself a drink of water from the tap.
“Okay, okay,” Sherlock said. To his concern, he noticed that John’s eyes looked a little misty. If there was anything Sherlock was guaranteed not to resist, it was his John being upset. “Let me take care of you.”
Sherlock didn’t wait to hear if there was more to John’s statement. John’s scent coloured his world red with something like a drug high, but instead of his mind fracturing into so many disparate splinters, Sherlock was focused on the man beneath him. John. Always John. Fuck John. Come inside John. Fill John.
Tyler laughed and then adopted a rougher accent that was, at one time, his. “There was a time that I’d have punched you for that.”
“Sherlock and Dr Watson would like to raise Rosamund together,” Mycroft replied.  “Perhaps marriage. There’s a matter of fast-tracking the paperwork?”
“We’re meeting Lestrade at Langridge’s tomorrow, John,” Sherlock said.  “Charles Langridge has agreed to let us in while they’re closed for cleaning.   We need to go somewhat incognito, but there’s little we can do until then.  I thought we might head home?”
Slowly, Sherlock developed a rather lazy knot, which slipped inside John with little by way of resistance. He leant back his torso, so his hips were further forward, and made love to John with deep rather than fast movements. When Sherlock came, he did so with his lips pressed against John’s skin.
“Let’s just load him into the ambulance,” John interrupted. The paramedic frowned at him. “Trust me. He won’t know the answer to any of your questions. For a genius, Sherlock’s remarkably stupid.”
“As in Jamie from Langridge’s?”  John asked.  He started to clean the porridge off Rosie’s face with a baby wipe.”
“It could be 2,000 years old,” Sherlock said.  “And your daughter found it.  How amazing is that?”  His excitement was clear.
“They’ve kept telling me about the case,” Tyler explained.  “I can’t believe it. I never thought that we’d get to this point.  I can’t thank you enough for seeing it through.”
“Now, I did just want to speak to you about Sherlock,” Mycroft began.  “Has he spoken to you about your favourite rent boy?”
John knew the tactic. He counted on John forgetting about the conversation by morning. "Sure," he replied.  He rested his arm over Sherlock’s stomach. He traced the edge of Sherlock’s ribcage with his fingers and followed their curve.   As he reached the side, Sherlock turned to face John.
“So, how was your walk?” John asked Sherlock.  As John looked at him, he knew that Sherlock was sceptical about his reason for speaking to Mycroft.  John looked at Rosie. “Did you go to see the ducks?”
John checked his watch too. It was well and truly morning. He thanked Jacob and waited until he was out of sight.
“No,” Sherlock replied. He knelt at Rosie’s side and gave her two rescue breaths. John looked up and paused. Sherlock gave Rosie two more rescue breaths for good measure.
“I don’t need relief!” Sherlock shouted.  Rosie began to cry from the other room. “He’s stoned,” Sherlock pointed at John.  “Rosie’s tired.” He went into the other room,  scooped her into his arms, and carried her back to the main room. “And you’re just annoying.” He nodded at Mycroft.
“If anyone had told me you’d let me do it, I’d have suggested the same.” Sherlock leant forward and buried his face in John’s armpit.
“Clearly the people who use the penis holes can stand behind the couches,” Sherlock noted. “We should find out how people get into the arse area.”
The woman used a key-card to gain entrance to the back rooms.  In front of them was a series of doors, many of which were open. These were the review suites.  Beyond the corridor was another door which led through to the boxes.   They located number 342 from one of the corridors of steel lockers.  The locker required both Tyler’s key and a key held by the woman to open. When the door of the locker was opened, the contents inside were sealed into a long, steel box.  The woman took the box and her visitors to one of the suites and, finally, left Sherlock and John alone.
“Look, the Omega chair’s been used, this room smells of sex and I’m in bed with my boyfriend who has a raging hard-on.” John rubbed his forehead. “It’s going to be very clear to Dr Marshall that I, well, that I, you know, couldn’t, well,
“He would not get his hands dirty with that.  His failure is that he loves Stephen Daniels. We all have our cross to bear, Mr Holmes.”
Sherlock made a soft sound of agreement and washed John’s armpits, which made him laugh and that made Sherlock join in.  John took the soap and washed his own crotch.
John agreed. With subdued farewells, he and Sherlock headed back to Baker Street.  Indeed, they were back in the flat when John finally gathered the courage to ask about the plan.
“Forgot what?” John asked. When his gaze met Sherlock’s it was electric blue, and, oh, Sherlock’s chest felt as though it’d explode.
John clutched at Sherlock, rocked against him another three or four times and then stiffened.  His arse clenched around Sherlock’s fingers so hard it almost hurt, and he murmured a litany of assent.   When John’s body collapsed on top of his, Sherlock rolled them over and tried to get his breath back.  He watched John’s face until he opened his eyes.
The room had tall ceilings and cream carpet; Sherlock supposed the latter hid semen stains.  There was a door in the corner of the room.  It led to a bathroom, which had a toilet, sink and shower cubicle. The walls of the main room were burgundy. The bed was covered with white sheets and, in them, lay the imprint of John Watson.  Sherlock walked over and sniffed the sheets without thinking.  John’s aftershave, the Paul Smith one.  There were oily marks on the bed, consistent with Fabian’s story.
. Don’t put sultanas in it. Ever. Oh, and Walkers are doing a limited-edition/promotional coronation chicken packet of crisps (potato chips) this year. They are like heaven in a packet.
“Oi, Sherlock, you’re lying on me, you lanky bugger.” Sherlock moaned and struggled to move, an attempt ended when he realised his knot still held he and John together. “Stop flailing. I just want you to move off me a bit.”
“You knew as soon as you heard the words come out of his mouth that Fabian wasn’t responsible. You knew he hadn’t even known Thomas. But you had a good idea who did.  When Jason and Brandon died, Fabian started to get more and more unstable. He told you he was going to hand himself in for Thomas’ murder. But you couldn’t let the man you loved go to prison for Daniels.  The sad thing is that you are clever, Piero. You knew that someone with Daniels’ connections could discredit you if you told the police you suspected he did it. Not to mention the fact that Bouchard would hate you for it. So, you did the only thing you could do. You claimed you killed Thomas to make sure Fabian would stay out of prison.”
Yes, I have inserted Bill Bailey into this fic. I am unrepentant. This is Mr Bailey: https://youtu.be/wWr2w5C_b7Q . Do look up more of his comedy and do watch 'Black Books' for added Dylan Moran joy.
John raised his eyebrows. He looked at Sherlock, took a step closer to him, squeezed his arse and then looked at the Detective Inspector again.
“Lie next to me,” John said softly.  He brushed Sherlock’s hair back from his face and dragged him down onto the bed.  John squeaked in a rather unmanly fashion when Sherlock’s softening dick slipped from his arse.   “You’ve got good control for an almost virgin, Mr Holmes.”
“Chocolate teabags,” Sherlock replied.  Mycroft looked at him, utterly puzzled.  “Sorry brother dear,” Sherlock added. “I thought we were just saying stupid things at random.”
Sherlock realised, when he nodded, how heavy his head was. How tired he was. He allowed John to settle him into bed. He was sure John climbed in beside him. He didn’t remember anything else. When he woke the next morning, he was naked and alone.
“Not on your nelly,” Candlar replied.  “Son died in a car accident.   Charles had a daughter with Dossie Hartley.  Now she was a dear old girl. She used to work at Jo-Jo
“As you know, John and I are to put ourselves in some danger by taking part in an undercover operation to discover the Marquês’ drug mule,” Sherlock began.  “We’ve now discovered Tyler’s business partner dead.  Not only that, but we found this in his office.”  Sherlock flicked a photograph at Mycroft.  He caught it one-handed.
Fabian picked up the pace a little. John resisted the urge to look at his watch; if his hooker was moving things along then their time was running out.   Once they were past the sixty-minute mark, John’s account was automatically debited for another hour. Whilst Mary’s pension and her life insurance had left John comfortably well-off, he couldn’t justify blowing his daughter’s college fund on, well, blowing.
Sherlock withdrew his fingers and noticed that they still trembled.  He dribbled lube into his cock.   John turned and reached out to slick his own hand.  That done, he lay down on his side.
To all of those who are currently snowed to the eaves in the UK, stay warm and safe. I know it must seem like an over-reaction to those who are used to snow, but we're really not geared up to deal with as much snow as we've had because it's pretty rare.  My tip for the day to feel a bit warmer is to light some candles (safely!). I don't know if it does anything, but it always makes me feel a bit toastier to have a few lit candles around.
“Can you hear a helicopter?”  John’s ears strained to pick up the sound. Was it there or was it wishful thinking that whirred in his head?
“Oh, hell, yes.” John lifted his uppermost leg and hissed as the plug was slowly drawn out of his body. Sherlock’s cock swiftly replaced it and went further, beyond where the shallow plug had been. “That’s the fucking ticket, love.”
The slap of skin against skin echoed around the dark walls. The chest John lay on creaked and squeaked in sympathy. Sherlock heard hard breaths become grunts with each thrust and realised they were his.  His blunt nails dug into John’s skin and he clamped his teeth around his lower lip.  Sherlock knew his body had taken over; his transport was in control. His head rocked on his shoulders as his hips pistoned in and out.  Everything tightened and spiralled into a terrific climax that weakened his entire system.
“We’re investigating two murders,” Sherlock said. He wiped away his tears. The sham was over.  “We discovered that the people who seemed to have the most to gain from the two deaths would be the owners of this place.  Thoughts?”
John poked Sherlock in the hip with his hard cock and tried pitifully to reach his arse with his fingers. He gave up with a wordless cry.
“Jean, I will go with Jean only,” Fabian demanded.  Two men in black suits stood either side of Fabian.  Sherlock moved to let them take control of the Frenchman.  “I will only talk to Jean.  No one else. Only to Jean!”
John’s cock seemed to grow thicker in Sherlock’s mouth. He could taste the bitter tang of precome, sweat and chlorine. Sherlock pressed another finger inside himself alongside the first. It was a bit quick. It hurt a little. He sucked just the mushroom head of John’s cock hard until John began to thrust into his mouth.
“I have a responsibility to keep him safe,” Mycroft replied.  “The Marquês is not happy that we have Mark Tyler and, should he discover that Tyler is a Europol agent, the construction of a case eight years in the making would be utterly destroyed.  Though I appreciate that Dr Watson requires answers, it’s important that we protect Mr Tyler.”
“I could get my whole hand in you, John.” Sherlock looked up. John’s lips moved without forming intelligible words. “Can I?” Sherlock asked. John nodded.
“John,” Sherlock replied. He smiled and gave John a chaste kiss. “Let me show you love.” He kissed John briefly as he rocked towards him.  Each rolling thrust was accompanied by a gentle kiss.
Rosie was asleep. It was a blessed relief that she didn’t see the frankly nauseating display her father and Uncle Sherlock put on.   Sherlock had an arm around John and their knees faced each other. The body language itself made it clear where their affections lay.  John’s hand ran up and down Sherlock’s thigh and, if Mycroft wasn’t mistaken, the ruffled material in the seat of Sherlock’s crotch concealed a certain amount of arousal.
“I expect it would be the same for any man who takes responsibility for a crime he did not commit.”  Sherlock watched Piero’s response carefully. He looked resigned, almost frustrated, but not guilty. Piero was a man who had been trapped, not caught.  “But let us come to that later.  Tell me what you know about Stephen Daniels.”
“Yes, yes, yes, sorry! Yes, Sherlock, oh, yes, you’re so good, so good. Yes, there, there, yes.” The string of affirmation continued to drip from John’s lips.  He stroked Sherlock’s hair with one hand and his own chest with the other.  Warmth began to grow in the pit of his stomach and he could feel his skin pimple with goose-bumps of arousal.  His skin felt electrified and he could feel the muscles in his groin tense.  “I’m going to come, love. Really close.”
“I’m just John Watson. This is my daughter, Rosie.” He held up Rosie’s car seat and she went silent for a moment, fascinated by the new stranger.
“I don’t care if you only love an inch of me as long as it’s on the end of my cock.” Sherlock thrust his body up against John and gasped at the touch.  “Hurry, John.”
“Daniels said to me the Marquês would find me if I left London, if I did not confess.  I thought it was too much. All he had to do was threaten Fabby and I did anything he wished.  Now, I think about it.”
That was that decision made, then, which just left Sherlock to wonder if he could teach Rosie to call his brother Chunky Myc instead.
Charles nodded.  “You’re welcome here whenever and wherever, Mr Holmes.  The fact that you’re on this case is the only reason I still have customers. I know that.”
.   Known by residents of that constituency and by parliament to be a bit of an idiot, but one that, generally, does a good job.  He is understood to be dating a local radio newsreader, Gemma Steele.  She is, however, his ‘beard’.”
The ring was silver and wood and Sherlock didn’t know if it was a wedding ring or an engagement ring but it was his, all his. He looked at John and nodded.
The Milk Tray man was a James Bond-esque chap who appeared in adverts for Cadbury’s Milk Tray chocolates. He broke into women’s houses and left them chocolate because that’s what passed for romance back then:
“I never, ever wish that you’re a woman,” John said. “I mean, it’s crossed my mind that I’d’ve been more comfortable with the rumours of our romance over the years if you’d’ve been female, but that’s about it.” He took another deep breath. “As far as our sexual encounters go, I’ve always, always, found you sexy and found what we do wonderful. I’ve never once wished you had a vagina or breasts. But, I know I’ve been pretty awful to you. I’ve treated you the way some men treat women. I’ve picked you up and put you down whenever I wanted to and that wasn’t fair, Sherlock. I’ve realised it’s time for me to not do that anymore.”
“No need,” Sherlock looked over at John, who pulled the envelope containing their findings out of his pocket.   He passed it to Mycroft and explained the contents.
A cloakroom stood to their right and John handed over the black leather jacket that made up his outfit.  Sherlock passed over his coat; a Burberry trench that ended at his knees. Sherlock’s black jeans had a slick, almost wet look to them. They were tight, but not skin tight.  Sherlock’s t-shirt was much the same; it hinted at what was beneath rather than revealed it.
“In spades, Mr Holmes, in spades.  I tell you what. I’m about to cancel the membership anyway. Why don’t I give you my membership card and you can see for yourself? There’s a private entrance on Livonia Street.” Candlar handed over a black card with the club name written on in silver writing.  “I’ll cancel at the end of the month. That gives you a few weeks to see what I mean.”
“Smooth.” John leant back a little, so he could brace his hands against Sherlock’s thighs. He clenched around every upstroke and his efforts were rewarded by Sherlock’s mouth dropping open on each and every one. Sherlock was close.  Time to up the ante. John sat up again and started to rub his come over the skin of Sherlock’s abdomen.
“Should we get out?” Sharan asked. She looked at someone or something through the rear-view mirror. “It’s just that there’s a man in a long coat on his way. Is he the government dude?”
John ran for the stairs and started to run, down, down, across the corridors, push people out of the way and down, down, then across the corridors,
“Thank God,” John said. He was visibly relieved. He also, visibly, appraised Sherlock from his bare feet and charcoal trousers up to his silky dressing gown and black shirt. “I need to talk.”
“Was that an offer, Dr Watson?”  Sherlock’s skin blazed ivory in the dim light and his eyes sparkled like polished silver.
John had said that he was finished with Langridge’s. He planned to devote himself entirely to Rosie. From the conversation with Piero, it also appeared that John had experimented with Fabian as a precursor to a sexual relationship with Sherlock. Was that option gone?
“Just left the country, apparently. Won’t be back for several days. Murphy’s in Liverpool.  Conveniently dying mother.”
“Hey.” John slowed.  “Don’t disappear into your head.  Tell me what you need.”  Sherlock shook his head.   He bit his lip because he didn’t trust his voice to speak.   John leant forward until only the tip of Sherlock’s cock was inside him. He tilted his head.  “Overload?”
Sherlock didn’t answer. He just crawled onto the bed and presented himself, spread-eagled, to his lover.
Made up company!  Though I took the name Basie from Count Basie, a Jazz musician whose real name was William and used another name for shits and giggles, just like a certain Mr Holmes.  Jazz has nothing to do with this fic.
John stopped.  “We really should have taken your shoes off first.” He smiled.   “How about I take off my shoes and you take off yours and then we’ll carry on with the seduction part?”
Sherlock pulled John close and put his mouth around the scent gland on John’s neck. This was the moment Sherlock combined their DNA together, bonding them with chemistry as well as capricious emotion. He rolled his hips, pushed his cock in deep, and came as his teeth split John’s skin and sank into willing flesh. The warm iron rush of John’s blood flooded Sherlock’s tongue and dripped from his lips. Sherlock closed his eyes. Even in the midst of orgasm, his mind roiled with conflicting emotions: joy, arousal, love and the guilt of the necessary, intimate violence he’d just enacted upon his new mate.
“Yes,” John hissed.   He clutched at the bed clothes beneath them and tilted up his hips.  Sherlock’s thrusts must’ve moved the vibrator against John’s prostate because he squirmed and cried out, pushing back against each thrust.  “Fuck me, fuck me, fuck me,” John mumbled as they rocked together, the motion thumping the headboard against the wall.
“He’s been great. He’s dealt with it well. He understands and he’s amazing with Rosie,” John said. “He’s brilliant.”
“We’ll be met by Lestrade who will take Daniels into custody. We can’t allow you to talk to him today. Protocols must be followed.  I shall inform Lestrade that Dr Watson is suffering some type of shock and that you must not be disturbed. You will be required to fill in the blanks for the poor man tomorrow.”
“My parents weren’t well people,” Tyler began.  “Dad died while mum was pregnant and, by the time I was old enough to know, mum had met my stepdad.  He was a junkie and she became one too, pretty quickly. I didn’t know about Rosamund until I was taken into care.  It was pretty rare then that a brother and sister, especially when they don’t know each other, ended up with the same foster carers.”
Livonia Street was a narrow alley that led onto a narrow road that stopped abruptly in front of a white building.  As they neared the door, an entry phone was visible.  Sherlock swiped a black card underneath the speaker and a grey door swung open.  They were in.
“I love you. I’ll love you even more if you phone Mycroft and tell him to get my window sorted.” John paused.  “I wonder if all prostitutes can throw as well as Nathan Drake?”
“Some stuff that bloke gave me,” the man said.  His eyes rolled up into his head when he attempted to focus on John.
“I will, of course, look after Rosie for as long as you need,” Sherlock began. “Mrs Hudson will be here and as long as you’re happy to be elsewhere, I think she’ll be relatively…”
“Which member of the Cabinet demanded that it be reopened regardless of the destruction of evidence?”
“Sure,” John said. “Are going to tell me why you’re dressed as a woman? A somewhat beaten up woman?”
So there's more about Fabien, Daniels and Candlar in this chapter, as well as some background on Mark Tyler. I hope you all enjoy the meeting with Nathan.  Me writing it coincided with reading an article about bottoming and the two just merged in my mind and wouldn't let go.
“You don’t,” Sherlock said quickly.  His hand dropped to John’s waist, then further down. “I don’t want to be in my head most of the time. I wouldn’t want to put you through it.”
“Yup.  Him and the dude with his rock. Oops, now the dude’s been shot in the leg.  He’s dropped the rock.”
It felt odd. Sherlock’s eyes opened. Yes, he was stretched, but more than that the sensation of something pressed into that place, going the wrong way, was peculiar.
Middle-aged, orange in hue, overweight and wearing a toupee, Kevin Candlar was accompanied by his Shih Tzu, Jessica.
Sherlock closed his eyes and turned to lie on his side.  He pulled a pillow into his arms, curled around it and thought more about John.
Sherlock shrugged.  It was always enjoyable to pretend to Mycroft that he knew nothing about politics.
“Not at all,” Charles said. “We’ve had nothing. Apart from the custard pie fight, and the murders of course, the only issue we’ve ever had was that one of our members had his phone stolen from one of the lockers on the ground floor.   Oh Lord, I’ve just remembered, we have cameras in there too. We fitted them afterwards.”
“Yes, love, yes,” John whined, and whine turned into a cry, and the cry turned into a roar. He wasn’t sure what it was about the sound that did it for Sherlock, but he came again, even though it made it feel like his penis was being yanked by a rhinoceros. And, finally, the two men collapsed in a sweaty heap.
Sherlock rocked hips forward a bit and lifted his legs so they bent at the knee.  John lubed up his fingers and dipped them between the cheeks of Sherlock’s arse. At first, he gently rubbed his entrance and tapped gently at the pucker.  When Sherlock relaxed, he pushed the tip of his finger in.
“Guh, yes.” John clambered onto all fours. Sherlock tapped the end of the butt plug and smiled when John moaned. “By the way, you never deduced anything about the phone or the mints.”
“Look, let’s just have a sandwich, have a drink and go.” John selected a bottle of apple juice. “This place is weird.”
“No, in, in, in.” John’s voice somehow came from a long way away, but his hand was firm when he reached down and tried to hold Sherlock’s hand inside.  “Please.”
“You don’t mind, do you?” Sherlock asked. “That I like the idea of you fucking me, I mean. You said you’d never known another Alpha who did. Would. Wanted.”
“No, no, I don’t think I do.   I just wanted to say that I’m so sorry, Simon. This just shouldn’t have happened. I’m, well, I’m sorry I couldn’t save him.”   John looked down at his hands.  He’d been taking notes and he had ink smudges on his skin.  What was there to say?
“Piero sent me a text message.  He’s given me the name of someone his manager named as a shareholder.  Would you care to guess?”
“With our work, I think if either of us had a latex allergy, we’d notice. Aaron, especially, he’s not a very allergic-y, really.  Mind you, we’ve both been tested, and I’ll make sure we get tested regularly, so I think we’re in for the bare-bottoming, really.”
“I like it,” John said. “It makes me feel good, ‘specially since, well, y’know.” John smiled a big, warm smile that suggested he was, indeed, very pleased with Sherlock’s attraction. “And since I know you’re interested, and you’re my best mate, and I trust you, I thought I would ask you if you’d look after me during my heat.”
“John,” Sherlock ground out. He was close already and he was too damn tired to care if John thought he was unmanly for coming so fast. “Your voice.”
“Looks that way. The bloke who was doing him is giving his statement in the kitchen out there.” Donovan pointed to a side door.  “I’ll tell the officers to let you know when they’re finished so you can speak to him, shall I?”
Sherlock paused. What John had said made all sorts of sense. It made him sad that perhaps John once had done things that made him unhappy for the people he loved. Sherlock was determined not to do that to John, especially now they were bonded. Things had to change. They already had. Sherlock didn’t want John not to enjoy what they did. This relationship stuff was going to be a negotiation; a democracy, not a dictatorship.
Sherlock used John’s leg as leverage and, once and for all, ditched any ideas of John being in any way fragile. His hips seemed to know the right tempo and dragged both Sherlock and John with them in tight, hot, pleasure. Sherlock’s thighs burned and the bed made a hell of a racket, but he couldn’t stop for the world.
“I know what it’s like to be in love with someone of your own gender, you wanker.” Harry shook her head. She ran her hand through her spiky blonde hair. “And I know what it’s like to come to terms with that.”
John pushed inside enough to find the Sherlock’s prostate and massaged the edge so as not to overstimulate it.   He wiggled his finger around to stretch out the opening too.   When he thought Sherlock was open enough, John asked, “more?”
A smirk crossed John’s face before he ripped off his own y-fronts and sent them sailing over his shoulder. John yanked at Sherlock’s underwear, ripping the silk and exposing his erection. He threw his leg over Sherlock’s body. Slick seeped from him onto Sherlock’s penis, but he didn’t sink down. Instead, he pulled off his t-shirt and chucked it on the floor.
John nodded. “Best get you washed then.” He put his hand on Sherlock’s head and pushed him beneath the water. Sherlock sat back up with a splutter and a moan and waterfall of exhaled suds.  John grabbed the shampoo. That hurt. John pretended it didn’t. He trickled shampoo into his palm, rubbed his hands together and then rubbed them over Sherlock’s head. He then spent four minutes giving Sherlock a mohawk, a kiss-curl and then a Mr Whippy swirl and point. John dashed out to get his phone. By the time he was back, Sherlock had rinsed away the evidence.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow. John’s fury started to burn within him. Sherlock took his hand and squeezed.
“That feels good.” John tilted his neck and dropped his head. “It’s time, Sherlock. Do it. Bond with me.”
“Or, maybe, you could admit that you’re not the only one who can wind up their partner.” John’s mouth quirked into a smile and, in one smooth move, he sank down onto Sherlock’s erection.
“There are bad men at Langridge’s too.”  Piero began to dress. John and Sherlock followed his lead.  “But that is not my story to tell.  On the whole though, I agree with you. I don’t know that they are so smart here though.  The manager is like a puppet for someone else. Strange shit happens.”
On several previous occasions, Sherlock had considered the pros and cons of the immediate initiation of a sexual relationship with John Watson.  He loved John and that love went beyond mere friendship.  Indeed, even Mycroft had noticed and commented on it before now.   However, something always stopped Sherlock from pursuing a sexual dynamic to their relationship.  Each time, Sherlock decided that the potential benefits of such an arrangement were outweighed by not only undesirable outcomes, but also the lack of data on John’s willingness to participate. After all, it was all very well for Sherlock to decide, but it was also clearly necessary for one’s potential partner to equally desire the engagement of sexual activity.
“Why do you want to see the butt plug?” Lestrade asked.   To John, he looked, as usual, harried and knackered.
“I know,” John said. He soaped Sherlock’s chest, down his abdomen and into his groin with care. For a few moments, they stood under the spray and looked at each other.  Sherlock put his hands either side of John’s head and kissed him with every ounce of love he could muster. When Sherlock drew back, John’s eyes remained shut and he smiled.  Sherlock studied his face intensely.  John’s eyes opened.
“I agree, John.” Sherlock squeezed John’s shoulder.  “It’s unsophisticated, but not without merit. Indeed, it’s not a million miles away from my own attitude to life.”
“Paracetamol.” John passed Sherlock two white pills from the bedside table. “Water.” He handed Sherlock a glass. “Up now, so I can have a quick look at your bruises before you hop in the shower. The eye doesn’t look as bad as it might’ve.”
“I don’t want to text,” Sherlock said as he held his phone out of John’s reach. “I wanted to see how much seminal fluid an Alpha in rut normally discharges in one sexual encounter with his Omega, John.” He spoke with the conviction of a man who assumed everyone would know why this was important.
Sherlock whimpered. He took a banana from the fruit-bowl and attempted to peel it without taking his eyes from the vision of John rocking back and forth on his knees, pushing the dildo in and out of his arse. John’s backside and thighs glistened, and he made a quiet but throaty noise each time his arse swallowed the toy.
“John.” Sherlock nestled his face against John’s neck until he could almost taste his relaxed satisfaction and simmering heat. The love he had for the man in his arms seemed too big, too strong an emotion to contain. But, all the same, a boy who was taught emotion was a weakness silenced the man who knew it wasn’t. John stirred in his arms.
“How about I get them out and then you can decide?” John said. He pulled a flat, metal trunk out from under the bed, got the key from his bedside table drawer, and opened it up. From inside, he pulled out the canvas bag where he kept his sex toys and lube. “Here.” He chucked the bag onto the bed.
“I might not have a lot of leverage,” John noted. He demonstrated that he couldn’t pull the dildo out far. It wouldn’t be a hard fuck but…
Mycroft sighed. “It’s a colloquial term, Sherlock. It means that she is pretending to be his girlfriend. She wants publicity, he doesn’t want his homosexuality to interfere with his political career.”
The burn in Sherlock’s arse eased a little and he started to stretch out the opening. He could feel John’s arousal as if it were a part of him and he knew that he needed to hurry if he wanted John inside him.  Sherlock relaxed his mouth, John’s cock on his tongue, while he slid a third finger inside himself. The stretch was good. Sherlock was hungry. His body thrummed like a plucked string. He pulled the lube from his pocket and got his feet.
John crossed his arms. “Yes, we do, and what’s more, you will make time because it’s important to the case.”
Sherlock wondered if he threw himself on the floor this would all end.  He thought maybe an anal fissure was growing as he sat there. He wondered if it was possible to die of anal fissures.
Simon raised his head. His face was tear-stained and red. “Dr Watson!” he cried and reached for him.
Thank you also to Pantera72 for checking my French and giving me a couple of key phrases, thus making me look far smarter than I really am.
“Hello sexy,” John said, his voice slurred.  “I feel a bit tired, but if you gimme a while to have a nap, then we can have more jiggy-jiggy.”
John popped the transmitter in a corner by a fire extinguisher and he and Sherlock sat on the couch.
“Really?” John squeezed lube onto his palm and the tube made a farting noise. “I think I prefer the first version.”
“If we might move along?”  Lestrade said.  “We’ve got Daniels in custody and the CPS is happy to let us charge him with what happened on the train. However, his lawyer is going to push for bail any minute. I don’t think he’ll get it, but I’d prefer to be dropping a murder charge in his lap to make sure, yeah?”
From his place beneath the covers, John had an eyeline view of Sherlock’s dick. It looked painfully hard. For all his embarrassment, he was, at least, relatively pain free, so he sighed and lowered the covers. Sherlock smiled, confused and earnest. John leant up and gave him a warm, soft kiss.
“I have my curiosities and my needs, John,” Sherlock replied.  “You taste wonderful by the way.  Very John-like.”  Sherlock fisted John’s cock before he swirled his tongue around it, then sucked at his frenulum.
“John, we don’t have time for this,” Sherlock said.  John was the only man he’d ever allowed in his bedroom. He didn’t want anyone else, including Nathan, in here.
“This is for people who want to eat food off naked bodies,” Sherlock said.  John looked at him.   “Obvious, John.”
“I’ve never had that before,” Sherlock said. “Wank material. Is that the phrase? More, John, more. You’re the one I think of. Always the one I think of. Is it wrong to tell you that masturbating to that memory might have kept me sane? I think it did.” Sherlock’s head rolled back, exposing the expanse of his white throat. The maddening touch of John against him, the embrace of pleasure, was as good as opiates and no doubt as maddening in its temporary high. “Oh, yes, harder now, harder. Please. I’m sure when it was happening that you were thinking of something else. You kept your eyes closed. I don’t care if you were thinking about a woman. I don’t care, John. Just don’t ever tell me.”
“The first three are police officers,” Lestrade admitted. “They’re numpties. I told them not to come in all at once.”
“Your heat?” Sherlock had assumed, until then, that John would deal with his monthly heat with chemical aids. He knew John wasn’t taking them yet, but Sherlock couldn’t see a reason why he wouldn’t start. Unless. Unless. Unless. John’s effort to look nice suggested a date. Who
“I understand it was an injury related to your heat?” The paramedic crouched beside Sherlock. He and his colleague were Betas.
“On the bed,” John demanded. Sherlock rolled himself onto the mattress and laid in the centre, his arms outstretched. John paused and looked at him. “Scars,” he said. Sherlock had forgotten his back and shoulders were ripped into glossy pink, healing, trails.
Sherlock’s instinct was to be slow and try not to get lost in sensation and pleasure.  But there was something about tonight.  They’d been damned close to fucking each other in the blackout room earlier, even if it was in front of Lestrade and Donovan.  Control simply wasn’t possible, and Sherlock fucked John with quick, deep thrusts.
“Okay,” John replied.  He was at the driver’s cabin and banged on the door.  “Hang on,” he said into the phone and yelled his name through the door for the driver.   “Sherlock, I need to tell you that…”
“And you didn’t tell me because?”  Sherlock turned towards John. He was on shaky ground. After all, he’d put them into the position where they’d have to sham and hadn’t consulted John before he’d suggested it.
Hell, God, why did Sherlock mention handcuffs? John suddenly wanted to be handcuffed to a bed for Sherlock.
“Never. Not if you don’t want to. I was just trying to seduce you in a nice way. Y’know, when we’re not angry or just happy to be alive. I wanted you to have sex with me because you find me attractive and want to have sex with me.”
John rolled Sherlock off him and stumbled to his feet. His left calf muscle was on fire.  Eyes scrunched tight, he limped around the living room and although he heard the high pitched little noises he made, he was more concerned with his world of pain. On the second lap, the pain eased.  He slowed up and opened his eyes. Sherlock lay naked and satiated in front of the fire.  His amusement at John’s predicament was clear in the curve of his lips.
“Excellent,” Sherlock said. He stood.  “Now,” he said to Mycroft’s agents.  “I’d appreciate it if you would take this man to see Mycroft. Then you can let him go. I’ll text Mycroft and tell him.” Sherlock shepherded the agent and his prisoner out of the door.   “Thank you.” The agent turned and started to argue with Sherlock. He responded by putting his hand into the centre of the agent’s chest and pushed hard. “Please leave,” he ordered and slammed the door behind them.
Lain in bed at home, Sherlock’s cock thickened.  He paused to spit into his palm and began to stroke himself faster and firmer than before.
John picked up Rosie and left Sherlock looking for very bad people on very secret websites. When John returned, Sherlock was printing out information and gave John the precis of what he’d found.
John didn’t look up. He could hear Mycroft’s smirk.  “We can unless Gregory needs Sherlock to consult, of course.”
“The regular fees are £850 per year plus a £500 joining fee which we waive for those from the armed and emergency services,” Shirley admitted.  “And those are just the basic fees.   The deluxe membership is £1,300 and that includes access to some of the specialist suites on the fourth floor.  To have access to the room where poor Brandon died, you have to be a VIP member. They pay almost £2,000 per year membership.”
At Langridge’s, the main room, which incorporated the VIP lounge, pole dancing area and film room, was still closed.  Charles had let John and Sherlock in through the back door. They sat themselves on the sofas that surrounded the bed pit in the darkest corner.  After a brief wait, Lestrade arrived.
“Did you have any plans for this evening’s activities?” John rested his knee on the bed and pulled the towel from his waist. His cock was hard and darker than the surrounding skin.  Sherlock shook his head.  “In that case, I thought I’d get a little practice in.”  John rubbed his hair messy with the towel and then dropped it to the floor.
Sherlock’s face rearranged itself with care. Somewhere in that massive brain, a wall was rebuilt. No longer amused, Sherlock simply suggested, “too soon?  Clearly too soon.  Well, I think I might just go and put my pyjamas on.
“I never said you didn’t. Don’t be a cock, Johnny.  It’s an adjustment. Men react differently than women. They look different, they have different bits. There’s no point in thinking you’ll react to it in the same way.” Harry looked around.  “How do you think Sherlock’s dealing with all this?”
“I wanted to tell you how grateful we are for your assistance at this time when we’re seeking to extricate Britain from the European Union,” she said.  “I asked your brother, Mylord, if he could suggest a way in which we could show you our appreciation.  He suggested I ask you directly. So here we are.”
“Is that an issue?” John asked. “Have I overstepped the mark? Shit. I mean, look, if this is going to make things awkward between us, Sherlock, then I’ll withdraw my offer and we’ll continue as we were. You’re my first choice, but if you’re not happy…”
“I just feel guilty, Sherlock. She hasn’t got a mum and she needs me. I go to work, I help you and you’ve already told me that I ignore her when I’m here. Now you and I are together.  I can’t fit it all in.”
“Where are you going?” John asked as Sherlock’s lips moved down his body. He swirled his tongue around John’s navel, then dipped inside and since when was that a hotline to John’s cock? “What are you doing?” Sherlock’s head moved lower, and John arched up when Sherlock kissed along the length of John’s cock. “Oh, God, I didn’t think you’d do that.”
Sitting on John’s pillow was a small box wrapped in kitchen tin foil and tied with a cable-tie.   John turned to look at Sherlock and raised an eyebrow, then picked up the box.
“If you take sex out of the equation, it means nothing.” Sherlock’s hand was involuntarily slipping across the bed to his own cock. His eyes closed. He felt John move on the bed.
“How can a woman be a beard?” Sherlock snapped.  “Is she suffering from a medical condition that makes her extremely hirsute?”
By the time Sherlock got to the bedroom, his towel had been lost somewhere, unable to cope with the speed of its owner’s gait. All the same, John and Roger were already seated on the bed.
Sherlock’s now open, wet hand was brim-full of John’s slick and he used it to lube his cock. He lifted John’s legs beneath his arms, lined up his cock and drove inside. Still desperate, John’s heat-addled body convulsed around the new, welcome intrusion. Sherlock had almost come, untouched, from fisting John and now he
Tyler’s legs sagged.  “I need to get in the bed, babe,” he said to Fabian. “Let me lie on the bed and you can have more of daddy’s cock.”
is a kid’s TV show and a work of utter genius. Who can argue with the voice of Derek Jacobi?  I may be 43 years of age this coming April, but I am utterly enchanted by it:
John smiled. Sherlock stepped towards Lestrade and said something that John didn’t hear. He saw the blush that stained Lestrade’s cheek and the smile that bloomed on his face.  He patted Sherlock’s shoulder and then went back to his desk to sit down.
Sherlock sighed. He was being over-cautious, he knew he was. He was treating John far better than normal as if John was fragile, body and soul. Sherlock knew he was. He still didn’t quite believe that John wanted to be with him, wanted Sherlock to be his partner, wanted Sherlock inside him.
“The scrape on your thigh is a bit nasty,” John said. “I don’t think you need stitches, but we’ll keep an eye on that too.” John cleaned the cut with lingering hands.
Sherlock couldn’t speak for a moment. The image of John with the dildo inside him short-circuited his brain and sped his movements. For a while, all he did was feel as his cock slipped between their hands and John’s dick. Just the sensation of their foreskins moving against each other was arousing enough. Added to that, the change of texture between velvety skin and the rougher texture of their hands was delicious. The mental picture of John fucking himself with a green dildo on top of that assured the swift descent of Sherlock’s brain downwards.
“I’ll accept that, but you’re hardly a natural.”  Bailey’s disdain was clear from his voice.  “We’re going to lower the lights and check the cameras.”
“Candlar’s been brought in for questioning,” Mycroft said.  He dabbed at a vomit stain on his tie, a souvenir from Rosie. “The important thing is to capture anyone else involved in the crime.  Tell me about your suspects.”
Simon offered Sherlock a mock salute. “Yes, Sir,” he said with a wavering voice and a nod.  “Let me know if you need anything at all.”
“Because Sherlock is now my boyfriend,” John replied.  “And while we’re okay now we’re in the honeymoon, let’s-have-as-much-sex-as-humanly-possible phase, soon Sherlock will realise that he’s in a proper relationship with emotions and responsibilities and all those things that are normal to anyone but a Holmes.”  John took a deep breath.  “Even now, little by little, it’s coming.  I thanked Sherlock yesterday for being good with Rosie because they found a little bit of pottery in the park.  Do you know what Sherlock did?  He ran away.  He couldn’t accept the compliment and he legged it.  If he can’t take a thank you, what will happen when Rosie calls him Daddy by accident?  I can see that coming, believe me.”
Sherlock grinned.  “I knew there was a diva inside there somewhere. I prefer you like this. Yes, I will throw this shit at you because I need to know if your life is in danger.”
Sherlock froze.  He wanted to move. He needed to be strong for John.  Everything around him had now taken over.  Sherlock felt as if there was a spotlight on him and he was being judged by every other man in the room.
“Have you ever had sex with someone in heat before, Sherlock?” John asked. He sat back in his chair and took a quick sip of tea before he continued, “It’s quite an intoxicating experience. I mean, you’re right that your self-control was what made me think of you. But, all the same, it’s going to need some degree of experience, I suppose.”
The shagging suite, aka the main blackout room, was as stripped back as normal.  The house lights were on and it was clear that this room was designed not to be seen.  The couch was worn fake-leather and the tarpaulin of the sex swing was stained.  The scuffed floorboards were painted black but, in places, the greying wood was visible beneath.  If Langridge’s scrimped on anything, it was this room.
Lesley nodded. “I’ll just get a selection of hats for you, shall I?”  She disappeared out of a doorway behind the counter.   Sherlock immediately leant over and retrieved Shaw’s mobile phone.  He tapped at it ferociously and then slipped it back down on the counter just before she entered the shop again.
“Before we begin,” Sherlock said, “Would you please ask an officer to retrieve the sex toy from beneath one of the chairs in the foyer?  I believe the item to be a butt plug.”
“I’ve told you before, John, we’re not going in disguise,” Sherlock called from his bedroom.  “We’re just not looking like ourselves.”
“Okay.” Sherlock’s mind flew in all directions. Of course, Sherlock had been aware of the hateful, reeking Alpha hormones John took in order for Mary to conceive. Because John was such a dominant, strong Omega, Sherlock theorised that John would want to mate with a Beta female as he had before. His heart lurched.
“But you used to be straight,” Sherlock said. “Surely he would expect you to have more of an issue than me.”
“He doesn’t go to Langridge’s,” Nathan replied.  “That’s ridiculous.  I was the first prostitute he went to and he’s told me on more than one occasion that he would never visit another. His sex drive isn’t even that high. I quite often want it more than he does.”
“You really are a sucker for a compliment, aren’t you?” John wriggled beneath Sherlock. “I’m not being funny, but I think I could do with you not coming anymore. It feels a bit weird.”
“Indeed,” Sherlock agreed.  “We’ll ask Charles Langridge about this.  Useful for us, though.  Not that you can see much from the main room.”  Sherlock pointed at the central monitor. Apart from a tiny sliver of light glinting from what John assumed was the sex swing, it was impossible to see anything but darkness.  “We’ll certainly need the night vision cameras.”
Sherlock stopped a few metres away. John saw him thrum with indecision.  For a moment, confusion.  Then, he realised that Sherlock had no idea how to define the relationship between them.  John resolved it by taking several big steps forward. He plopped Rosie’s seat down at Sherlock’s feet.
Sherlock grasped John’s hips and concentrated on fucking him with precise, careful strokes.  “Alright?” Sherlock asked. He wet his hand with slick from John’s thighs and tasted it. It was pure, liquid John; everything that he was, everything Sherlock needed. He wrapped his dripping fingers around John’s cock.
“Do you know something, Doctor Watson?” Sherlock asked. “I can’t tell you when it happened or why, but I think I’ve realised that I might just be in love with you.”
“No.” Sherlock shrugged. “The chances of you falling pregnant are quite low since this was your first…” Sherlock’s face went a bit pale. “Too early to say,” he said, eventually. “Although the likelihood will increase down to the quantity…”
“Were you aware of the connection between Mark Tyler and Doubles, bruv?”  Sherlock sat down and indicated to John that he should do the same.
The porter and nurse who’d accompanied John both turned to look at Sherlock.  He blinked a few times and felt himself blush.  “Jiggy?”  He said it, but no sound came out. He tried again. “Jiggy?”
“Your body is remarkable, John,” Sherlock said as the last dregs dripped into the bowl. “A lesser man would have been in some discomfort. But you, Dr Watson, are a stalwart.”
John walked around him. “I want to wash your back first,” he said.  “Even with the scars, I love your back. I think it’s because I watch it so much when you stride off and leave me at crime scenes.”  Sherlock chuckled.   When John got to his backside, he slipped his soapy fingers between Sherlock’s cheeks. He tensed.  John yelped.  He took a few deep breaths.  “We really need to work on relaxing you when it comes to your arse.”
“Touch me,” John demanded.  His face showed every inch of pleasure John took from Sherlock’s cock buried deep inside him. “Not interested in slow, Sherlock. Get me off.”
Sherlock looked down at his dinner and began to eat. For a moment, John thought his seduction had failed. But each time Sherlock’s gaze met John’s, the room seemed to get warmer and warmer. By the time their plates and glasses were emptied, Sherlock looked at John as if he wanted to devour him with equal enjoyment. John led Sherlock to the sofa.
Mark Tyler was sitting on a beige sofa in a beige reception room in one of the many, faceless, Home Office buildings spread around London.   John and Sherlock sat on a beige sofa opposite.  Unlike their previous meeting, Tyler seemed pleased to see them. He welcomed them both with a handshake and a broad smile.
John looked at Sherlock, who slept peacefully and wished he was doing the same. Tristan squeezed his hand.
“I agree, John,” Sherlock said. “I apologise. I will no longer try to gauge the capacity of sexual fluids you can retain during intercourse.”
The door into the driver’s cab opened and a young, golden-skinned woman pulled him in.  “I’m not being funny, but who the hell are you, mister?  I’ve got half the railway and the police telling me to make sure John Watson gets into my cab with his daughter.  Hello, sweetheart.”
“Depends on the size and type of room. Really, I don’t keep the records. You should speak to Shirley in billing.  I fail to see how this helps discover how Jason died.”
John groaned and sat up, walked around the bed and went through Sherlock’s drawer. He took out a bottle of Langridge’s lube and then crawled back onto the bed.
John led Sherlock slowly up the stairs, up the first floor and into the room Lestrade had kept aside for him to change in.   Sherlock handed him a carrier bag that contained jeans and his stripy jumper.  Sally emerged with several evidence bags and passed them to Sherlock.  John waited for her to leave before he unzipped his jeans.
“Oh, hello,” John said. He opened his eyes and looked down. Sherlock’s hair dripped with moisture and his pale skin was flushed. He gazed at John’s and smiled, as much as he could, around his mouthful. He draped half his body over the bed, wrapped one hand around John’s cock and moved the other to his perineum.
John sat in the living room with his laptop.   Sherlock had taken Rosie out to the park so that he had some privacy.  John was still shocked, but also relieved that he hadn’t been a bigamist. It was always nice to discover that you hadn’t accidentally committed a crime.  He never got used to Mary’s falsehoods; even after death, she still had the ability to surprise him.   More than anything, he wished he’d known Tyler when Mary was still alive. It would have been nice to know her family, if only to fill in some of the gaps.
Sherlock pressed the thing into John’s hand and calmly dialled 999. John had given Rosie her first antibiotic. Sherlock was glad he was a paranoid step-parent and got a prescription for EpiPens on the quiet. Three months ago. Okay, he was a very paranoid step-parent.
Sherlock climbed on the bed and walked to the centre on his knees. His courage left him once he was off his feet.  He wanted to curl into a ball, but John clambered beside him and pushed Sherlock’s shoulders into the mattress and kissed him.   Their first kiss was ruthless and clumsy. Teeth clashed and noses were squashed until John titled Sherlock’s head a little and stroked his cheek to still him.  He sucked Sherlock’s lower lip between his teeth and nibbled it.
“Okay, what do you need?”  John fed Rosie baby porridge in the hope that doing so would keep him calm.
“Fuck.” John stomped upstairs and picked up his red-faced, snotty daughter.  He held her close and jiggled her gently until her wails came to end with great gulping breaths.  “I’m sorry, so sorry,” he murmured.  “I promised to focus on you and I’ve been with Sherlock for less than twenty-four hours and I’ve already neglected you.”
“John called me and asked me to come on over,” Nathan said. “All I know is that you’re going to be in an undercover situation. He said you need help to get this right.”
John looked at the watchers.  A stranger took the last space on the sofa. “Nope,” John replied.  “Lestrade?”  He nodded towards the new arrival.
“Me either.” John reached behind him and grabbed what Sherlock saw was a blue dildo with a suction cup at its base. Without another word, John sank to his knees, licked the base of the toy and then rammed it against the kitchen cupboard.
They trudged out into the hallway. The last door led into a room set with a large dining table and chairs.
“Well come in, then!” Sherlock entered. John was sat in a cloud of fragrant bubbles looking forlorn. He held a bottle of shampoo, which he handed to Sherlock. “I can’t lift my arms,” John said. “They hurt too much.”
“I, Mrs Shaw,” said Sherlock, “am your only hope.  If the Marquês is involved in this then he’s got men across Europe who won’t have any difficulty in bringing harm to your doorstep.”
Sherlock held the vibrator against his own prostate until his hips jack-knifed and he came with a ferocity he’d never have believed possible. With shaky fingers, he pressed the vibrator in even more and held it firm as he throbbed out another orgasm.
Sherlock appeared in the doorway.   “What can I do?”  He took John’s phone from him and ended their call.
Sherlock turned towards John, who brought their lips together almost immediately.  He didn’t give Sherlock a chance to be nervous. His tongue pressed against Sherlock’s lips, until he opened his mouth and deepened the kiss.  Sherlock held John’s head as if it were priceless and wove his fingertips into the hair at the nape of his neck.   In response, John put a hand to Sherlock’s cheek and traced the outline of his lips as they kissed.  Sherlock smiled against his mouth.  When they parted, John grinned too.
“I don’t know what you’re saying, but you are finishing your breakfast,” John said. He cried out: clearly the wretched toy had hit the right spot. “I don’t want you passing out on me when I need you to fuck me.”
“But they’re lovely people,” Nathan replied.  “I can’t believe they even know anyone who’d hurt them.”
“Do you remember when we met Lesley Shaw that I checked her mobile phone?” Sherlock sipped his tea.   He wore a white shirt and John could see the swell of hiss pectoral muscles and his nipples through the thin fabric.   “I downloaded two items. One was an email from a financial processing company called Paschal Baylon
Sherlock twisted his mouth. On the one hand, the truth was impressive. On the other hand, it would make John angry. Sherlock opted for impressive. “Five. Two of them ran away.”
“You never need to beg,” Sherlock replied and thrust against John.   “Not unless you want to.”  He smiled and John grinned back.
“Want you too. Want you to fuck me.” John put a hand over each of Sherlock’s buttocks and pulled their groins together.
Mycroft coughed and shot them a dirty look. Neither of them noticed.  Mycroft rubbed his face with his hand.
“I did not know,” Piero replied.   His shoulders straightened.  His eyes opened wider.  He breathed easier.  “Shall I tell you what Candlar threatened me with?”
Sherlock had undressed. “Let me lie down.” As soon as he’d lain flat, Ian straddled him, squeezed out more lube and pressed four fingers into his arse.
“We’re working on it.” John disengaged himself from Fabian and waited for Sherlock to arrive.  When they had reached Langridge’s, Sherlock had told John to ask for Fabian while he found Charles.   They’d agreed to meet at Reception. Simon gave John a sympathetic look.
