things to him, and the mere thought of their scrape against his skin has him arching into his bed, blood streaming down to a place it hasn’t gone (while conscious) for longer than he can remember. He doesn’t want to fight it, doesn’t want to embrace it either, the heat building in his stomach, boiling in his veins, and so for a moment, it walks across a tightrope threaded through his heart, each step more unsteady than the last.
“I don't deserve it,” harsh words to match the tone, the clench of a throat biting down on syllables.
“You need a cleaning,” Cas frowns, or Dean thinks he does. The room's spinning in quick circles, so he can't be entirely sure.
There are two women. One is in her early thirties; the other, obviously, her daughter. The mother is gentle curves and long, dark hair, soft eyes when she looks at her daughter, a sharp gaze the rest of the time. The daughter's hair is lighter, a caramel brown that's a shock against the green of her eyes. It's night. The mother encourages her daughter to go to bed; when she wakes up, her father will be home and they can all go to the beach together, just like she'd been promised.
When the god shows up again, it's with grim pleasure plastered across a smarmy face at the shudder that runs through Dean. Surprise and seclusion put him on the edge of a knife, a thin line to walk and the god wastes no time pushing him off.
. His chest is flushed, cheeks catching fire as his blood is pumped double-time, spiked with ire. The warning in his uncle's letter makes sense now. Fists balled, he thrashes out, feet slamming into the floor, body shaking with rage that has to go somewhere. He can't keep it, can't keep any of it locked inside his body and heart anymore. He screams as he twitches and writhes, an outpouring that's turning into hiccuping sobs before he knows it, hands pounding against the wood beneath him until a sharp crack gives him pause, momentarily. The floorboard beneath his bruising palm (red, soon to be a blue and yellow and lovely violet bloom), has cracked, the middle giving out under his punishing blows. He hits it again, then again until there are wood splinters in his hand and a hole in the floor.
Kehlani steps outside and suggests that the two do counseling together but Asuelu explains he wants a male Samoan therapist and Dean rolls his eyes.
Dean sniffles, funny right? He moves to a seated position against the headboard, sheets pool at his naked waist (where is his shirt?). There's a separated pair of handcuffs on his wrists that are glowing a dim blue,
Castiel stares at Dean's stretched rim, eyes the moving object that's nestled in there with dried lube and the little bit of lactation that Dean's glands provide.
"Yes yes yes, 'm coming Mommy! In-inside, 'm–fuck yes!" Castiel digs its nails into Dean's thighs, mewling as Dean tightens around him and groans up to the ceiling. Castiel pushes its hips deeper with every pulse, gasping and clenching around the finger in its ass.
Castiel stands up, his hand grazing the small of Dean's back. Dean startles, dropping the glass but  Castiel still leans in close, heavy lidded eyes staring into Dean's wide ones.
"You should pick someone to dance with, Dean." Mary says behind him, her hand squeezing his shoulder softly.
"Oh dear, we can't have that now can we. You're everybody's favorite after all and not having anybody in my debt, well, that's unheard of." Rowena lets out a heavy, shoulder dropping sigh. Over at Rowena's desk, a piece of paper flies out from the drawer and a fancy tipped quill starts writing on it. "Why don't you take this paper to Heaven, get an Angel to help you on this."
There's something strange about how excited Castiel feels when the sun hits the trees at just the right angle; leaves turn a golden hue and the trunk showcases it's yellow highlight. It's warm, Castiel remembers; something about the sun even if it didn't touch his skin directly made him feel warm. His vessel was also smaller then. A child with pale skin and contrasting hair.
He's sat at the center, on his father's throne since the event is for him, and rests his cheek on his fist as he watches everyone eat, laugh, and talk.
Dean puts them on then blinks down at the floor a couple times. His head still feels a little woozy and his stomach feels like his organs are fighting each other for the nonexistent nutrients in his body but he's fine. He's had worse.
"C'mon, Cas. It'll just be me 'n Charlie 'n...the rest of 'em." Dean mumbles that last bit under his breath. "But I'll stick with you like white on rice, please Cas!"
Jo blinks then a warm smile, one that makes the little voice in Dean's head groan with jealously, spreads across her face. "It felt like my heart was going to explode. I got a massive headache and felt the sudden urge to pee and cry. I felt this tug in my bellybutton that hurt so fuckin' bad until I went up and talked to her."
"'M sorry, s-sorry, that was gross, 'M sorry." Castiel sniffles and pulls back, exiting Dean as gently as he can whilst shaking.
"S-sorry." Dean sniffs and Castiel kisses his temple, mummering a comforting spill of words in his ear.
Dean bolts upright, slapping a hand over his mouth and tripping over his slouching pants until his knees make contact with the hard tile of the bathroom floor and he's hunched over the toilet.
"The corset as well?" Dean turns so Castiel can work the ribbons loose. Castiel's hands are delicate as they move, the pads of his fingers are freezing just like the rest of his hand but they're soft; they're soft and they don't tug or pull at the corset but gently work it loose so Dean can take it off.
Castiel's lips are chapped and dry and scabby and shit–why is it better then most kisses Dean has ever had?
"Mommy, m-mommy, f-feels good, 's good." Dean freezes and Castiel thrusts weakly, emptying himself inside of Dean.
"You were being so obedient earlier, pet. What happened?" Castiel wiggles and crooks his fingers making Dean's eyes bunch closed and his cock twitch against his belly.
"Of course." Nordic lifts his head to move while Dean closes his book before sliding slowly into the water, shivering. He only picks a handful of berries, deciding that he'll eat the rest of the pie Ellen had hidden in the freezer. He thanks the bush with a satisfied smile.
you." Dean stares into the Angel's darkened orbs and nods slowly. "If I wanted to, I could make you bend over this counter and present yourself to me. I could have you screaming on my tongue for hours. I could," Alpha lets out a shuddery breath. "
"I told Mary that we had to conserve water so we're showering together." and it's only when Castiel speaks that Dean is aware of the body he's leaning on. "She told us to meet at Sherway, there will be fireworks, food trucks, although I doubt that the food trucks will sell festive food."
"Ashamed." Castiel answers eventually. Ashamed because his mother did so much wrong and Castiel never did anything to correct her, too young and naive and scared.
"Who are you?" the words are spoken with a growl that drowns out the sound of rain hitting the windows aggressively. Dean licks his lips nervously, sweat prickles on the nape of his neck and something shifts deep in his stomach.
Dean turns his gaze to the window, spotting Castiel walking with Gabriel down below, Gabriel seems to be talking animatedly about something. Probably the wedding, Dean thinks. Something sad and heavy churns in his gut, he should talk to Sam.
"Hey, don't move around too much. Just tell us what happened. Where's Gabriel?" Lucifer asks quickly while Dean steps over broken pieces of expensive furniture and glass to make it to the room they kept Castiel in. The door is left barely hanging onto it's hinges, like it was ripped open from the inside.
"You couldn't what, Dean?" Castiel asks calmly, eyebrows frowned and corners of his lips turned downward.
"I think they're both shitty people. It's like when you used to be an escort and my father brought it up the day before the wedding. You were gonna leave back to Russia because your trust got broken and that's exactly what Elizabeth and her family is doing. Andre left a corrupt situation which I am so glad he did but he's still sexist, demanding, controlling, and rude."
Dean shrugs. "Like I could vomit at any given moment." he shifts, feeling the bed dip at his weight. "'M sitting?"
Dean digs his nails in the palm of his hand and pins his ears back as he looks up. "Hi, hey, sorry, zoned out for a bit."
He's shaking? Why? Why can't he breathe? His chest feels so tight, like someone crumpled up his lungs and his heart then threw them away. He can't feel his legs. It's fine. It's fine, he has to keep quiet, daddy'll stop. Daddy loves him.
Something inside of him aches and wails something terrible. It's not enough to drag him out of bed though, no, it's the mouth watering smell of fresh coffee being made by
"What about it? Did something happen?" Dean cuts in harsher than he meant to and he turns around, grabbing a recyclable cup to pour Castiel's coffee in.
"Yeah, like, how you identify. She/her, they/her, el/them." Dean explains, there's something in the way that he says it that feels open and non-judgmental.
Castiel eyes widen momentarily before his face goes blank and he thumbs absently at Dean's waist. "It's up to you."
Relief floods Dean's body causing him to sag against the old wood and exhale loudly. Lucifer looks Dean over in concern but Dean waves him off and takes a steadying breath before walking inside hesitantly.
"I was hoping to get to know you, or we can jump right in, whatever you're comfortable with." Castiel settles back in his chair, soft eyes on Dean while Dean focuses on the rhythmic inhale and exhale expanding the suit vest Castiel has on.
"Come, sit." Castiel urges softly, gesturing his head to the steaming bowl of soup sitting on the island. Dean ducks his head as he walks closer to the food.
"I'm so sorry, Cas. I liked the kiss, I fucking loved it and I have no idea why because we don't talk and I don't know you but you make me feel like I'm dying in the best possible way–fuck, man, I feel," tears slide down to his temple and Castiel's sobs have quieted down to small cries and sniffles.
Dean eyes widen slowly before they crease at the sides and he plants another sloppy kiss on Castiel's mouth.
and scared and you left me there to–" blood drips on the table from Dean digging his nails into his palms. He doesn't remember taking them out of his pockets.
"Thank you. Where's Castiel?" Naomi asks as she puts the screw back on the earring. She has to see if that vampire gave him the daily dosage.
"I like you!" Dean exhales sharply and slouches over like a weight had been lifted off his shoulders. "I like you so much and I want you to call me Mommy and I like that you see me as a man and that you've never seen me as anything different and I'm so fuckin' sweet on you, Cas." Dean sighs before tilting his head back and drinking the milk.
When Dean opens the door, his nose is attacked by the scent of heavy rain on pavement. Sam covers his nose and flails his arm while Dean's heart skips a beat. He steps inside slowly, scanning the room for anyone, but his eyes stop at the letter on top of his bedsheets.
"I noticed that you peed the bed, that's nothing bad, it happens. I did notice you sweating earlier so I ran you a bath for when you wake up, would you like me to carry you there?"
It doesn't take long for Dean to find the dimly lit kitchen, and it takes even less time for him to find and use the coffee maker.
"Cas? Baby? What was gross? C'mere." Dean reaches for Castiel who backs away and quickly puts on his pants.
Miracle barks loudly and Castiel's sharp eyes flicker down to the Doodle. "Oh, well aren't you beautiful." Castiel exhales, extending his hand and Miracle barks happily, licking messily at Castiel's open turned hand.
"Yeah, t-think you're–" Castiel cries out, slamming his hips forward when Dean clenches around him. "P-pretty! T-think you and y-your pussy is pretty."
"You don't need to be sorry, Dean. I overstepped a boundary, you should be more upset." Castiel pets Ophelia's head softly as he talks, probably a nervous habit.
at the main entrance way. Dean shudders thinking about it; how did she get her leg to–Dean shakes his head firmly.
Mary cradles her pup's head between her chin and shoulder before gently resting her cheek on his hair. Dean knows it's not her fault that her position as Queen tops her position as a mother; at the end of the day they must follow the King's orders. It's not her fault that Eros ran out of arrows.
"I won't pee in you, Dean. Just stay on my cock for a while." Castiel isn't used to speaking this many words outloud but it's worth it to see Dean smile sleepily. Lucifer can't hurt him, not anymore but the thought of speaking further makes a sweat breakout onto his skin, adding to previous layer.
"I," Castiel starts with a frown then clears his throat. "I researched what transgender meant last night and I called my sister who identifies under the same, umbrella, I believe the term was. I did not mean to cause any offense and I was genuinely curious as my mother was very religious and did not allow electronics in the house. I realize now that asking you what it meant was rude."
pools between them and his stomach until it's too much then it slides down his sides and onto the sheets. And Castiel is still going at it, trying to play tummy tetris and rearrange his guts with his tongue.
"It would be odd for God's successor to be infertile, especially during a rut," she hooks two fingers into his turtleneck and tugs. "You should see Anna after taking care of Castiel." Naomi steps back with a small, insincere grin. "Your brother is getting better, isn't he?"
"Wanna have your mouth on me tonight, think you can do that for me?" Dean mouths at Castiel's neck. They don't participate in fellatio on each other often, only when Dean is in a particular mood or Castiel is on punishment. Castiel's movements are always sloppy, thick tongue moving curiously between Dean's opening and his enlarged clit but Dean always praises him, always orgasms with shaky thighs pressed against his face.
"Dude," Dean pulls on one of Lucifer's feathers causing the other to hiss and turn around sharply. Lucifer's are pointed into a glare and his jaw is clenched.
"Good morning!" Gabriel smiles widely. Dean squints up at the two, fingers twitching underwater. The fluffy, purple soap bubbles have deflated somewhat but still cover Dean's neck and lower; the smell of lavender still potent in the air. Dean exhales, grateful to have a cover for his scent and mark.
Castiel looks down between them, cock twitching at the scene unfolding in front of him. The lamp beside them gives Castiel a perfect view of the foreskin on Dean's cock that pulls back with each rut against Castiel's stomach, precum gathering between the folds only to be pushed back out after each rock of his hips.
Hot tears slip from behind his closed eyes, it's funny how broken he's become, how much of a mistake he is. Dean could make a show about it, it'll be called
Castiel's movements are awkward, shy, like he doesn't know what to do with his hips, with his dick. Dean shudders and tightens her arms around Castiel. Still, it feels like Castiel is taking over their entire body.
Dean tackles Daddy into the sand with loud laughter and attacks his face with kisses. Daddy laughs along with him and captures Dean's lips in a heated kiss. Dean pulls back just slightly and his heart skips a beat.  Daddy's eyes are shining and his face is covered in a golden, pink hue that the sun and clouds give off.
Castiel nods. "I wasn't going to mention it since it seems you forgot but I believe I should be open with you if I want you to be open with me."
Dean turns his head to the side, neck flushed a deep shade of red and hand stiffening in its place as it brushes over old, healing scars on the inside of his thighs.
"Don't. You have nothing to apologize for. Breaking up with you because I didn't know how to handle your bisexuality is a childish mistake on my part. I see how happy you are here. I see how happy he makes you. I'm glad you're doing better, Dean."
"I expect an answer, Dean." Castiel scolds gently as he shrugs off his trenchcoat and tosses it onto the armchair in the corner.
That must be the redacted name on the folder; Richard Roman, some dick billionaire that doesn't pay taxes.
Disclaimer: I have no update schedule. I just write when I feel like it and sometimes I try to put it out as soon as I can. I apologize if that means long waits in between updates. This chapter isn't the best but the next one will be way better!
Dean's soul hasn't dimmed in the slightest but his grace is leveled and calm and Castiel can feel that his is in the same state. His entire body hurts now that the adrenaline has dimmed down and there's a numbness all around his body buzzing inside of him like bees. Castiel gets out of bed to get the soothing cream from the washroom then gently massages on Dean's ass while the other lays on his stomach.
"Are you sure you won't need it while you're there?" Jo crosses her arms with a sharp arch in her brow.
Dean does a quick bob of his head, walking into the apartment. "I couldn't," a nervous ball gathers in Dean's thought and he subconsciously jerks his head to the side anxiously.
"I wasn't expecting it and I felt like a fuckin' asshole for gettin' hard while you were..." Dean gestures widely before aggressively opening the carton of milk. This time, Castiel pays attention.
Castiel rests one hand on Dean's waist then holds Dean's with the other. Even though it's dark and they only have the fairy lights that hang above them, Castiel can make out the hickeys he left on Dean earlier hiding just below the collar.
"You didn't wanna go with her?" Dean asks, busying himself with beginning to make Mary and himself breakfast out of habit. Mary sits at the table like she knows he'll do it anyway.
"Your sister and I saw that you very clearly aren't. Your brother is going with his partner while you will undoubtedly be alone. I believe you going there could be a threat to your own life so please choose somebody to accompany you." Castiel pleads.
Dean lifts up on shaky legs, tears escaping his eyes, then sinks back down, chin wobbling as he feels himself become filled again. Despite the distracting feel of the shifting water, Dean can feel how hot and thick Castiel's cock feels inside of him. It's as if he's being split in two.
"T-thinking about f-fucking Dean w-while 'm–" A violent shudder makes Castiel pause and press his hips harder inside of Dean.
Dean rolls his forehead on the paper as he mulls over his decision. Maybe Castiel is tired of him and the letter was a permanent goodbye. Maybe Castiel was truly disgusted by his body. He wouldn't be surprised if that were the case.
Now, Dean is sat anxiously in the therapist's office on an unfairly comfy couch, bouncing his leg. He could leave, get in his Impala and get the hell out of dodge. And then what? Live his life knowing he could've saved his relationship with Sam and instead fucked of out of town like Mary? Shit. Dean put his hands in his head.
From what Dean remembers, John never hit Mary, sure cops were called to their house but it was mostly because of the noise. Dean does remember Mary saying how John kept asking for sex too much, how persistent he was, how close to rape it has almost been. She was always too tired "from watching the kids."
"Yeah, you gotta apologize, Cas. Gotta explain that mom didn't let us figure out who we are or who others were. You know," Gabriel hesitates. "You don't have to call me, right? You said you wanted to do this, to become more independent after what happened."
"I don't know anything about you and we got into this too fast, I just–Castiel, you have to go to therapy. You have to face the bad and the ugly and you have to get better for you, and if not for you then for me."
Eventually, they come across a small cave, there's nothing memorable about it but a shiver runs down Dean's body nonetheless. Dean sits down on the dry floor with a huff, setting his machete next to him and Lucifer sits across from him.
"You alright?" Dean's eyes wander over Castiel's lithe body, a peek of smooth white skin showing from where Castiel's shirt has risen because of his crouched position. His sleeves are rolled up to his elbows and Dean can see honeycomb tattoos mark the pale limb. Castiel looks over his shoulder and the sides of his eyes crinkle as he gives Dean a small grin.
"The Alphas who come here only lust after wealth and power. As soon as I'm pregnant with a heir they'll forcefully take over the throne and cast me aside until our child is of age." Dean grumbles into his elbow.
Castiel leans forward to plant a soft, demure kiss on his lips; his body cold against Dean's. Castiel slips an arm underneath Dean's side that's dipped into the mattress then grabs two handfuls of his ass and rolls them so Dean is straddling his lap.
Castiel feels like it's drowning in the bottom of the ocean. Kissing Dean feels like Castiel's being layered with weighted blankets; heavy and intensely warm and
"Where are you going?" Castiel asks. Dean clenches his jaw and fights the reflex to yank his arm out of Castiel's grip. Castiel's eyes flicker down and he drops Dean's arm.
would like. To have sex and fall in love, like the people on television." he stammers, stepping out with his head down.
"It has been a long time coming but I have decided who shall take a place." Chuck announces, eyes shining with grace.
"Oh. That?" Eve taps her chin before a cruel smile takes over her features. "So me and my children can rule the world."
Castiel's hands explore underneath Dean's shirt curiously making a shiver run down Dean's spine and slick start to dampen his underwear.
"I've been there before. Your coffee and impala cookies taste delicious." Castiel praises and Dean's heart warms, a weird wash over his ribcage.
the more I write this, the more I remember the time I was molested while half asleep and the fact that my answer if someone were to ask if I was raped is "I don't know".
"Alpha!" Dean keens, thighs tensing and eyes rolling at the back of his head at the feeling of fullness. Castiel grabs a handful of Dean's ass and leans back to watch his dick become swallowed by Dean's hole and slick slide down his shaft. Castiel shifts closer, pressing his chest against Dean's back, and sucks love bites onto his shoulder while letting his hands trail up Dean's sides and to his nipples, using his nail to press and flick at them. Dean gasps, arching his chest into Castiel's hand and brings a hand down to fist at his neglected dick.
Castiel can't tell if it's the rain or his tears that hit Dean's shirt but his tears and thick and hot against his cheeks and Dean cradles Castiel's head against his chest.
The Omega pulls out one stick and lets it hang on his dry bottom lip while he flips open the cellular and punches out a number from memory.
Castiel frowns in thought as he walks over to the clothing line, maybe, when his roommates comes, they would want it. Pulling his pants down from the line, Castiel feels for any damp spots before humming in satisfaction and slipping them on, not bothering to button it up before he stretches his arms over his head in occupied by a heavy yawn.
Castiel sets his pen and notebook down and slides a box of tissues over closer to Dean. "We don't have a lot of time left so I'm going to wrap it up here. Do you think you could complete a small homework assignment for me?"
"I'm alive, Sammy. And I'm gonna be for years to come. It's not your fault, alright?" Sam nods, looking away to hide the fact that there's tears in his eyes.
Castiel lets out a small hum, it sounds a little cracked around the edges. "I didn't want you to kill yourself while I was just next door. I didn't mean to overstep any boundarie and you're right. You aren't a toddler."
There's a sigh, some rustling, and Gabriel's voice goes sad and concerned. "You don't have'ta talk like that, Cassie. I'm not mom. What happened? Use your big boy words."
"Jess' gonna by herself a colt if you don't stop messing with her." Dean gets his wine glass and raises it to the TV before taking a sip. "It's dumb that you made her go all the way to Las Vegas just to tell her you're a piece of shit."
"N-nooo! S-stop please!" Dean cries, tears sliding down his temples as a short stream of piss starts to trickle from his cock.
A dark cloud is constantly above him, there's time where it pours or thunders and it only makes Castiel feel worse. It makes him curl into bed and try to forget everything that happened to him. It makes him forget to eat and shower and talk to people.
"You don't get it. As an Omega I'm forced to deal with courtships based on wealth and power but I want to love someone. To union with another is–" Dean presses his legs together. "All I've ever thought about but with my body like this nobody will ever look twice at me even if I am Princess."
"Hey," Dean grunts with a frown. He shuffles closer to Castiel and presses a chaste kiss on his lips. "What's goin' on?"
"You didn't think about makin' anythin' for me, boy?" John finally speaks, the judgement and disappointment evident in his tone makes Dean's gut twist.
You didn't have to pin me down to make a point, I'm yours, Cas. But I can't be in this with you if you aren't in it with me." Dean turns his head slightly, piercing Castiel through his heart with his burning forest.
Dean sniffs the air, the scent makes his nose twitch and him sneeze. The heavy smell of the rainforest and crashing oceans has Dean's skin prickling.
"Not much for formalities are you?" Dean mutters while turning his head to look at the elegant paintings hung up on textured, blue wallpaper.
A itch on the curve of Dean's thigh makes him twitch and he buries deeper into the sheets. Sometimes the mosquito bites are for a drink; a scotch that's been stolen from a small, crappy Walmart with no cameras. Or something stronger; something that makes blood rise in the back of his throat and his head dizzy. Something that he can heat up over a spoon and a lighter with the homeless people in the alleyway.
"Cas–" Dean sucks his teeth. He's not gonna waste his time trying to figure it out. Dean knocks his boots against the side of the building to get the snow off and rolls his shoulders back as he steps inside the building; a small little comfort home covered in snow with Christmas lights decorating the outside.
Tears of frustration rim Dean's eyelids and he runs a hand through his hair, "I want to be able to look in the mirror and not hate what I see. I want to–fuck, I don't know."
"Maybe. Maybe the abandonment issues, everyone leaves, ya know? And when I call him daddy, it makes me feel like he's gonna stay. I don't know–it's like it's permanent. Like I know he's going to stay and protect me? Does that make sense?"
Dean makes the first step on the rickety staircase, it's loud, alarming creek makes Dean's heart race. Just as Dean goes to put his hand on the handle, he distinctly hears a gun cock and before he can move, a warning shot is aimed between his legs.
"Huh." Dean purses his lips as he stares at the yellow flower pot filled with soil and a key poking out of it like a blooming flower. He carefully stands on the bottom metal railings and braces his hand on the icy top rail as he reaches over and takes the key in between his fingers.
The butterflies are back in Dean's stomach. Maybe their moths. Either way they make Dean sick. His cock twitches, remembering the touches, the sensation that a kid shouldn't have felt.
Dean crawls into bed and brushes Castiel's damp hair out of his face. "I love you, Angel." he mummers then kisses his nose softly before sleep takes over.
It's not cold but the shade from the trees cause goosebumps to gradually appear on his arms and legs. There's a angry squirrel trying to take back it's food from another, a loud group of birds, and the soft sound of leaves waving.
Dean gets up sluggishly and Castiel joins his side, wrapping an arm around his waist. Together, they walk to Dean's bedroom and Dean crawls onto new, fresh sheets.
"Got my list of sad shit too, lay it on me." Dean pats his chest. Castiel isn't exactly sure what to lay but he takes three deep breaths before saying quietly,
"He'll want to see you." Dean says. Not because he knows, but because he's never seen Sam so in love before. Lucifer nods once and allows himself to led to Sam's room.
Deeming himself clean of soap suds, Dean turns off the shower and wraps his waist in a fluffy, red towel. Dean stares at himself in the mirror, fingers clutching around the marble counter, before he shakes his head and brushes his teeth.
"So good, beloved." Daddy runs a hand through Dean's hair and Dean twitches again, the damp stain of the front of his pants darkening. Everything Dean hears is muffled and his mind is blank so he lays down on Castiel's chest while rocking his hips slowly.
Castiel rubs Dean's left arm softly. "I think it would be best if you left us alone." he warns. He shouldn't have left her alive last time.
The inside of Dean feels clammy; like the awkward dampness you feel when clasping hands with your first middle school romance while their friends are making loud, obnoxious hollers in the background. His nerves are unsettled, restless, and saliva coats so much of his mouth that he goes a bit bilious. Dean rolls over with a pained groan, he can feel his heart thump achingly inside his chest and he rubs across his chest with a short wince.
"There he is, my pretty Omega. Your pussy is squeezing my fingers so tight I don't think I can pull them out." Castiel mummers, pressing harder.
He doesn't, not in the slightest. Two nights ago was immense progress for them. Castiel tends to go for sentences that have less syllables depending on what language he chooses to speak (Dean prefers French but is always to horny to understand what he's saying half the time.), he still keeps on his shirt whenever they lie together, but at least he talks. He laughs. He tells Dean that he loves him.
"Where the hell are we?" Dean grouches as he aggressively opens the various compartments of the dingy, beat up truck that he managed to jimmy open the drivers door. He tugs at the glove compartment's handle, letting it fall open, before putting his hand inside it blindly to find a clue as to where they are.
"Why couldn't I get me a pair of Alphas." John sighs, taking a cigarette out of his pocket and lighting it.
Dean jerks forward, a moan emitting from his lips. Castiel repeats his action fifteen more times on each cheek until Dean is sobbing into their sheets and his ass is the same colour as the flush that covers his body. Castiel smooths his hand over the cheeks, "I'm proud of you, honey, you did amazing."
Dean didn't sleep well; he tossed and turned and bent over backwards trying to get some rest but by the time he closed his eyes, the sun was already starting to rise.
the voice blurts as soon as the call connects. Dean stares at it; knees pulled up to his chest and arms looped around his ankles which can't be comfortable for anyone who's looking. He doesn't think he could move his hands if he wanted to.
"T-the mark, it stopped Michael from possessing me, when I woke up, John's body was on the floor. Eyes burned out and there was this pain in my arm and this handprint was there. I just–why won't he–wait. You've heard him talk?"
"Hello. I believe we spoke on the phone, Mr. Winchester." she bows her head politely once Dean steps out of the car. Her nose twitches and she glances at Dean curiously.
"I don't want an apology." Castiel mumbles, watching as the sun meets the water. "You said what you said. It's fine."
"Visiting someone." he mumbles, condensation starts to dampen the back of his neck. Charlie hugs his torso, it's too intimate and he jerks backward. A reflex from being hit one too many times.
Even as a child, when Mary left and John became a drunk, he had to be Sam's mom and dad. He had to skip meals and stay up until John came home stumbling drunk so he could put him to bed. So why did they do that to him? He doesn't get it, he doesn't think he ever will. He thinks about Sam and him engraving their initials into the Impala, was it fake? Did Sam already know?
The blurred edges of his vision clear and he can feel Castiel running a hand up and down his back soothingly.
"I don't have a lot of energy left." Lucifer rasps, clenching his hand. "If we get caught, I can't get us out."
He spent years trying to forget why people looked at him like that whenever they saw him and now he can't ever unsee it. An abusive father, everyone would say, even Sam. But Dean is broken, always has been, and saw it as normality, as love.
"Be good." Dean calls half-heartedly knowing that Miracle won't be pulling out from the fantasy land she's in right now. His knuckles graze the door frame and bruise at the three repeated knocks as he leaves.
Dean busies himself by fixing his old apron that's hung up on a silver hook and Jo clears her throat pointedly.
"Who are you?" he whispers into the darkness. He sounds weak, scared and flinches at the imaginary hand that raises to strike him. Something in the corner moves, Dean hopes it's the trick of the light even when there isn't any.
"I'm fine, Jo." Dean dismisses as he smooths out the dress before walking over to the mirror. The dress is cute; it's a light blue color, the corset is can barley be seen, if he had breasts he thinks it would peak out a bit more, and there's a separation between the top and bottom; it looks a little like pencil shavings. Pink flowers decorate the top and the bottom but Dean wishes that waterlilies would decorate them instead.
"She's in jail." Gabriel promises, reading Castiel's mind over the phone. "She won't hurt us again."
"It was here eons ago and father took care of it but history repeats itself. Cassie was visiting Michael and his mate in New Zealand when he was dosed. He came back different and I felt helpless, again." Lucifer stares at the window darkly.
Lucifer kisses Sam's hand lightly and Dean ruffles his brother's hair gently before they both leave the room, angry and dejected.
"Yessir." Dean concedes, walking over to his duffle and crouching down to look for a plain white tank top. Dean rubs the material between his fingers and bites his lip.
Is what it says underneath the arch on a white wall. Dean touches his the mark underneath his long sleeve absently.
Castiel hums happily, snapping his fingers to turn on the lights and sitting the two up against the headboard.
"S-sonovabitch, sh-shit," Dean jerks Castiel's dick as he empties himself. "D-do it again, s-say it again baby."
"Hey, you aren't my therapist on this trip." Dean leans up and grazes his nose gently against Castiel's.
Dean reaches over and grips Castiel's steady hand with his shaky one. Castiel looks down at their hands then turns it so their fingers are intertwined.
Dean pushes himself off the kitchen counter and sets his dirty mug into the sink. "I should head to class, got orientation today and apparently those are kinda important." Dean sighs dramatically as he pulls out his phone from his back pocket to check the time. "Which I should've been saying five minutes ago when I wasn't late. Shit," Dean scrambles to shove his phone back where it was and rush to his room get his fairly full bag that has dangly, colourful beads hanging off the zippers. "I'll catch you later, Cas, yeah? I'll buy you dinner for makin' an ass of myself." Dean gets out in one rushed breath before slipping on his shoes and practically running out the room.
When Dean is breathing slow and easy, hot gusts of air breeze past Castiel's shoulder, Dean mummers something. Castiel's shifts, careful not to spill the bowl of broth that it was feeding Dean earlier sitting on its lap, and hums lowly.
Marked in history books and loathed, but accepted, by demons. The Angels Have Fallen. And that included Lucifer.
"Winchester." Jo greets, a grin on her otherwise stoic face. She still smells like the Roadhouse, something between beer and limes. Dean ruffles her hair.
"S-stop, please." Maybe Dean isn't talking because John doesn't stop, he shifts his beer from one hand to the other and allows the one damp with water slide under Dean's shirt.
The driveway that curves to the side of the manor is paved with dark stone; a fountain rains water into a puddle like shape below it has flower bushes and fancy cement seating around it; the rest of the area is a blinding white because of the snow. The manor itself has pale yellow walls as it's exteriors and fancy pillars around the wrap-around deck to keep it stable. A room balcony extends itself over the curved driveway, held up by the same white pillars. The windows are covered, almost like it was painted over in a creamy white colour that reminds him of alfredo sauce.
"Friggin' tap." he grunts, annoyance climbing up his neck as he hovers his card over the scanner after it fails to take the chip. Dean shoves the piece of plastic back in his pocket and hooks his fingers around the handle of his bags before slouching his back as he walks out the store.
Dean looks debauched; his hair is matted to his forehead, his chest is a gorgeous rose color that matches the opening of his thighs; each harsh exhale of breath and broken moan is music to Castiel's ears and he has never experienced anything more captivating.
"Want you to touch my clit, sugar." Dean orders as he reaches down, knuckles grazing Castiel's dick, and smears some of the lube around his opening before slowly pushing in a finger. Castiel looks down, can't really look away, not when there's artwork happening in front of it, and uses the pad of its thumb to rub slow circles on Dean's clit.
There's moss growing along the edges, some might consider it beautiful while Dean's lip curls downward. It's more alive then he is. In the distance, he can see people walking around, some with their wings spread and others who have their familiars. It looks like a fairy-tale threw up, just without the medieval setting.
It feels like he's underwater, with Castiel's scent washing over him like a tsunami; one that smells of rainwater and a thunderstorm.
"Dean, deary, how lovely it is to see you again." Rowena smiles, turning her head in the direction of where Dean stands wiry her eyes still closed. "What can I do for you today?"
"He really did a number on your neck there." Gabriel waggles his eyebrows. Dean brings his hand up to his neck, his scent gland covered by his collar, and feels for any tender flesh there. His neck tingles and itches at one area and a flush covers his cheeks.
Dean stares at the shower head, its shiny metal looking brand new even though he's lived here for over a year; the soap bars that hang on his shower rack are barely used as well.
"'S fine." Dean looks down at the floor as he stands, clenching his fists together as he tries not to let anymore tears spill. "I'll see you tomorrow, doc."
They meet at a quiet Tim Hortons around one in the morning on a Saturday; there's the occasional old man who sips his tea quietly, a teenager with no care for their cavities, and a stray animal drinking water that the only worker left out.
Dean wraps their legs around Castiel's waist and slowly reaches behind him to grab at his ass and pull him forward.
Castiel returns back to his original position, the tip of his cock nudging Dean's hole. "Ne meurs pas." Dean can feel the nudge of Castiel's smiling cheeks against his heated ones.
The second day, Dean stepped out the hotel room. Fresh air made him a little light headed and nauseous but he pushed past it. He went to The Roadhouse and Ellen, the owner, is understanding of his problem. She let Dean work on the circuit repairs and he made small talk with her daughter, Jo. Sam popped up sometimes, of course he would, and Dean always managed to give him a small smile or a nod which his brother happily returned.
"I'll wait for you in the lobby?" Dean ducks his head trying to catch Castiel's eyes but Castiel turns around quickly and nods.
"I hear the Winchesters are very traditional." he comments and Dean slows his chewing with a thoughtful frown.
"We're almost there. I was wondering if we should bring a drink or something for the visit." Castiel glances at Dean from the side of his eye before looking back at the road.
"I don't visit. Maybe to see my sister if she's home but other than that." Novak's lips pull into a frown before he straightens his position. Dean feels the need to do it as well and the skin on his stomach stretches.
"Noooooo," Dean whines and pushes his cheek against Jack's forehead. "Jack, mommy can't want anymore 90 Day because of Covid." he complains.
Dean falls back on his bed, wanting to try and forget the night ever existed, when his spine knocks against something hard and sharp and he lets out a string of curses.
Eve crouches down in front of Dean and brushes his hair back. "I was created before you, sweetheart. If a proper place isn't made for us," Eve tilts her head and smiles. "I will
"We can't do this here." Daddy shifts, trying to get up but Dean puts more of his weight down and shakes his head.
Dean leans down to press a more slow, more sensual kiss to Daddy's lips. Daddy hums into it and his hands slide down to cup Dean's ass.
Gabriel opens his mouth then sighs and rubs his eyes in frustration. "I can open the rift. It'll take a lot out of me and I can only have it open for five minutes but I'll do it."
"You what?" Dean sits up now, half of his hair tied back into a pony tail, bare chest exposed for Castiel's greedy eyes, with a curious glint in his eyes. Castiel knows only a few stories behind the scars littered on his body.
"Not exactly. Succubus cases are common; one feeds a little too much and the client either dies or goes into a comatose state. But yours," Anna lets out a light laugh. "Yours is very different. We haven't gotten something like yours before. And we only have one Angel who deals with our Succubus cases; I'm sure it's glad to be doing something different."
Castiel's hand trails up from his lower back to the side of his neck. "Every fiber in my being is telling me to take you, to," Castiel sighs, brushing his fingers along Dean's side. "To lay you on this bed and map out the constellations on your body but I want to take this opportunity to court you. And quite possibly become more, with you, if you're amenable."
Lucifer chuckles. "No but he prefers to tell you his name in person. He's dramatic like that. Sometimes." he adds the sometimes a bit bitterly and his mouth curls downward.
His lips shift from Dean's lips to his neck, collarbones, and nipples which he takes his time making swollen and pink. Dean gasps and mewls and digs his nails into Castiel's hair. Castiel sinks his teeth in Dean's hips, cock twitching at the guttural shout Dean lets out, then laps up the blood. Dean's body is already a beautiful red flush with marks of purple and blue that makes Castiel's cock twitch and his soul yearn. Dean whines, high pitched and needy, when Castiel hovers over his cock.
"Who let the wolf drink? You guys know how he gets." Dean chastises, only partially joking because Garth is very,
Mary, to the outside world, was kind hearted, loving, and caring. Everything a housewife should be, from the misogynist view point, of course; docile, quiet, spoke when spoken to. Obedient, Dean believes that's the best word. At home she was angry and tired. She cooked dinner which was always the same, a meatloaf with greenbeans and an unhealthy amount of mashed potatoes that would sit in the fridge as leftovers for a few days.
I am very sorry for this late update, I haven't been the best. Drawing has become more of priority than writing so thank you for waiting.
Dean wouldn't have even known this was here if Castiel hadn't told him during their dinner two nights ago. The night had been satisfactory; Castiel's Shrimp Scampi was delicious and the company hadn't been completely terrible.
Dean lays his head on Castiel's chest, closing his eyes as he listens to the steady heartbeat. Yeah."
"Do you really think Naomi will set you free?" Dean continues. "When she's done with you and takes over the position of God, do you think she'll release you?"
"Cas, for fucks sake, 'm sweatin' more than a hooker in church." Dean rasps, wiggling his arms out of the tuck Castiel put him in. Castiel startles, thinks, then asks Dean as it turns on the fan in its room. (Dean prefers Castiel's room. It isn't sure why.)
your cock! P-please, please! Daddy, 'm gonna d-die, please," he sobs, blubbering out half sentences that he most definitely will regret tomorrow morning.
"I have to–" Dean gets up quickly, backs of his knees hitting the couch in his haste. Sam makes no effort to move but waves Dean off and even open the door for him.
"You're gonna help me stop wantin' to hump everything?" Dean imagines that there was a nicer way to say that and cringes a bit inside.
that.–had told him. But Dean doesn't have a scent; he has nothing. Fear, Dean scoffs, it was disgust more than anything.
Castiel leaves a trail of tingling kisses up Dean's leg as he palms greedily at the front of his pants, trying to relieve the tension tightening in his gut. Castiel's nose grazes warm cotton as it rests underneath Dean's balls.
Dean clenches his jaw and slowly works himself around the island. He's dealt with Alphas, hell, he's
This is the last chapter and I am so so so grateful for everyone leaving kudos and comments! It really warms my heart to see people enjoying this fic!
"You smell like him." Castiel mumbles lowly into Dean's ear before gripping the backs of Dean's thighs and hauling him up on the desk. Castiel grips the meat on Dean's thighs tighter and ducks down to lick a long stripe from Dean's neck to his jaw. "If I taste you will I taste them?"
The Angel of Thursday is his mission, his job, and nothing more. If this continues, if Dean has...complications, he'll have to take care of AOT another way.
It smells like freshly inked books drowned deep inside the ocean. Dean can almost feel the salt water entering his lungs as he steps further into the study.
The repeated tightening of Dean's body leads Castiel to his Earth-shattering orgasm, filling Dean to the point where some dribbles out of his puffy hole.
When Jess' anger calms down, Debbie walks down the stairs to Jess who has tears in her eyes as she explains why she's so hurt. Debbie nods and wraps her arms around Jess, no look of empathy on her face.
He chooses to ignore the painful swell in his heart when Dean doesn't respond. Maybe he shouldn't have said anything. Maybe he did bad.
"My roommate said he was transgender and I asked what that meant. He was very upset and now I believe that he hates me." Castiel reiterates the previous events and Gabriel lets out a noise of understanding.
Castiel smirks, pleased that Dean has dipped into his headspace whenever they have sex. He suckles lightly on the glistening tip, running his tongue over the slit teasingly and Dean bucks his hips, allowing his cock to dive further into Castiel's mouth. Castiel pulls back with a glare and Dean fists the sheets roughly.
The bond shouldn't take with the bite so high but Castiel preens happily, his scent one of a summer downpour. Castiel moves them, cautious of his knot, and rests them on their sides with his arm wrapped around Dean's middle, attentively licking at his new mating bond.
Dean sits up and nods solemnly. "My father is a traditionalist like his father before him. He believes I'm only meant to bare child and allow my mate to rule." he confesses miserably.
Dean shifts on his feet, biting the insides of his cheeks as he waits for Castiel's door to open. There's an odd crick in his neck and a horrible pool of empitness deep in his gut.
Dean stands up abruptly and kisses Aaron wetly on the cheek. "Thank you! I have to–thank you!" he stammers as he hugs him tightly before backing up with a wild wave and turning to rush back home.
If Dean opens his mouth he'll scream, he'll gasp for air, he'll probably cry so he nods. Tries to communicate to Cas with his eyes that he needs help. He can't breathe.
Castiel takes his sweet time exploring Dean; he expands and swells lazily and groans at each pulse around his grace and pushes further inside Dean. "You look beautiful like this, Dean."
"You know where to find me when you're done." Dean gives a lazy, lopsided smile and hears Castiel stand up, a sudden heat develops between his legs.
"What is it?" Dean asks, already sliding off the band without waiting for Daddy's response. Dean's vision is soon filled with white rectangles, arrows, scribbled writing, and mapped out floor plans.
"Castiel would not shut up about you. He was all," Charlie snorts as she tries to impersonate Castiel's gravelly voice, "His eyes are so green. His soul is brighter than the sun. Do you think he'll like me?" The table howls with laughter.
"Great! Our brother is currently sleeping and it's quiet early in the day so it's not like you would be able to see him right away. Charlie will show you to your new room and please, don't be so formal, we're soon to be family!" Anna reaches over and hugs him tightly. Her scent is thick with sweetened roses and heated milk.
"Sam really wants you to be there." Gabriel blurts, his cheeks tint red but he looks up at Dean determinedly. Dean licks his lips, a hand slithers up his shoulder and he flinches under it. The two share curious looks.
Dean opens his mouth but Lucifer tsk's dismissively. "Naomi is an Intelligence Angel. She has access to information on every being in Heaven which means she isn't the one giving the orders but providing information."
"Yes, mother." Dean wants to scream, cry, maybe piss on the plants that his father got from a friend long ago, but he takes a deep breath and exhales.
"I'm Donna Hanscom. It's nice to meet you, Dean. I have heard nothing but kind words from everyone." Donna sets the box on the table between then sits down on a big, pale blue chair in front of Dean. She pulls a notepad from the second layer of the table.
"I need you," Dean pants, almost doubling over as he gets oxygen back into his lungs. He puts his hands on his knees and swallows. "To do that thing."
This WAS NOT an excuse to write over 1000 words just so I could get some needy, bottom Dean. I swear.
Dean closes the door to the study and watches through one of the squared glasses as Castiel's wings flap in agitation and he kicks the desk angrily before tugging on his hair.
Dean doesn't say anything back and Castiel feels a little dumb in the head and a little light in its chest.
He blinks lazily, eyes scanning over the crowd. Sam is dancing with some Beta, a young girl named Jess who's family is rich in food and good land. Jealously sticks beside Dean like a common friend.
When Dean makes it back home, Rufus, Benny, Sam, and his mother are spread out calling out for him. Sam spots him first with a curious look but tells the others.
Dean kicks his door shut and it swings before clicking softly. He goes to make his way to the washroom but knocks his knee against the vanity in the darkness, letting out a stream of curses. He backs up until he hits the light switches and flinches back at the brightness.
Dean frowns. "We talked about that word, Cas. Let's talk, there's still the party going on downstairs and you aren't in any position to leave safely."
The short click of the door closing and Castiel's socked feet moving to wall in front of him make Dean have to pee.
He can turn around, he can leave and pretend that he merely forgot. He can crawl back into bed and wait until one of the maids, most likely Jo, wake him up with a healthy breakfast. He can have his body scrubbed raw, ready for mating, and put on a heavy corset and dress that'll leave his ribs itchy. He can take three different hormone supplements for his knot, he
"Let him go, Eve." Lucifer demands and it's only then that Dean takes a sharp inhale and blinks his eyes open. He can only see the back of a someone in a long white dress but he can see Lucifer's face, see his sad, angry eyes. Dean wonders if he looks like that. Dean notices from the corner of his eyes that six monsters are lined up, standing straight as if they were serving their own vision of God.
He wants to know how it must feel; how one fleeting glance or a brush of hands can make two people so disgustingly happy. He wants it. No matter how he may bitch about how sappy it must be, how co-dependent those people perceive themselves to be. He wants to be greedy and selfish and co-dependent too.
"Eileen forced Castiel since he was throwing up earlier, took him to get some meds." Sam mentions like a second thought, like it's not that big of a deal that Dean's heart drops to his feet and the egg he's getting ready to crack breaks in his hand.
Castiel pulls back, pink-cheeked and bright-eyed with a line of saliva and slick from Dean's boxers connecting to his lips. He looks up at Dean with doe eyes, roaming over his body appreciatively before standing to grab Dean's hand and drag him to the bed. Dean stumbles to step out of his jeans and allow himself to be dragged to the large bed.
"We didn't get to eat the pie." Dean rasps while he watches Castiel put the fruit bowl on the nightstand.
Their swaying has slowed down to a stop and Dean tenses, his arms tighten around Castiel's neck and his heart beats a little harder.
"As of today, you are officially part of the Novak Pack. Cassie chooses to speak with you later on tonight but until then you are free to do whatever you'd like. There's an indoor pool, Cassie's room–" Dean interrupts Gabriel.
"That's new.." Mary hesitates as she walks over to John and pats his shoulder. "We support you. Don't we honey?"
He blinks lazily as he trains his eyes to follow the lithe, agile ice skater do fancy twirls and jumps while everyone "Oo's" and "Aww's". A crease develops between his eyebrows and deep, under dust and avoidance in his hippocampus, rests a memory of Sam holding onto Dean as his Bambi legs touched ice for the first time. A tug on Dean's bellybutton tells him he needs to try harder at forgetting.
Dean's drowning when he wakes up; throat dry like he's swallowed gravel, nose clogged with snot, and eyes crusted over. There's a hole in his chest that's being weighed down by an anchor that won't move. Dean sits up, huffing when his back hits the headboard, and paws blindly for his phone.
"Are you uncomfortable? That I'm marrying a guy, because I'm not going to change that, I love him." Dean blinks and stares at Sam. The 'L' word, Dean's never said that to anyone before without ending up hurt. He hopes this won't end up like that.
At Castiel's stillness, Dean gets up slowly from the couch and steps over the books to get to Castiel who smells of fresh fruit; shyness.
"You'll like it, trust me." Dean mummers, the hot breath makes Castiel shudder, then he spreads Castiel's cheeks further before licking a hot stripe across his rim.
"If I'm forced to do this I want to find love, mama." Dean whispers sadly into the dampness of his elbow, his eyes a little wet at the corners. He wants to tell someone to jump and they ask
"It always is on the first day but if it hurts that means you're working towards feelin' better. Your therapy is cognitive processing therapy which is also known as trauma therapy. We use different methods to help you get comfortable with what happened, whatever that may be. It's not a permanent solution that will make you forget all your problems, it's so you can feel comfortable talking about what happened and so your level of distress is down to at least a four,"
"So you're some kind of Succubi hot shot huh?" Dean asks brazenly, looking around the room for some kind of personality; there's multiple shots of bees and foliage hung up on the walls but not much else.
Dean says no to the hospital, his voice firm and his face goes hard even as he's sick with something they don't know.
Dean leans forward in his seat, waving his hand as to stop Sam even though he's not in front of him.
"Gabriel can be...how he is. And there is a lot I have not told you about me that Gabe would just let flow from his mouth freely." Castiel thinks about its mom, the priest, and the emptiness it felt in its chest when it was younger. Castiel thinks. Castiel breathes and it feels Dean tighten his leg from where it's thrown across Castiel's own.
"Boundaries are important for every relationship, platonic and romantic. I'm sure that someone has done something that has made you uncomfortable which crossed a boundary you didn't know you had." Castiel explains gently. "I don't want you to please me. I want you to become more comfortable with setting a line that I and others can't cross."
"There we go, nice and easy." Castiel keeps his hands grounded on Dean's hips as he sits him on the bed. Dean leans forward and rests his head on Castiel's stomach.
Money wouldn't be a problem seeing as Dean was having a steady income as the owner of Bobby's Autoshop, since the old coot retired, well known to tourists and Castiel had a large sum of savings from the hotel.
Castiel toes off his shoes at the front entrance with a heavy sigh and an annoying crick in his neck. The heavy, murky weight of exhaustion drape over his aching wings and pool down to his equally pained feet.
"You lost?" they drawl, smoke seeping from the sides of their mouth and into Dean's face, who bites his tongue.
And with that, the crickets seemed to stop singing, the Earth stops rotating, and Castiel's grace stops in his body.
Him being bitter is what got him caught by Lucifer in the first place. Lucifer was understanding, coaxing him with buttered words, and Castiel was young, younger than most Angels and definitely younger than Lucifer. They were two peas in completely different pods but Castiel didn't care; he was finally understood and talked to, not envied or hated. It was a nice change.
Dean already knows what the seating chart looks like, on the back of the board of Candyland because Gabriel was too lazy to get paper, which has Jo seated in one of the far tables with Ash, who will probably be too hammered to worry about Jo's movement.
Castiel should have presented sooner. Always the late bloomer, always the last Angel but somehow God's favorite which is why Anna went after what was his.
Dean opens their mouth to speak but a meek, quiet sound emits from their throat and they snap their mouth closed. That voice makes their heart sink.
Sam smiles sadly. "I understand, I'm sorry, I don't think I know how to make up for it. This is big and I fucked up–"
Anna's hand brushes against his stomach and glows a blinding blue before it settles. She licks the shell of his ear and whispers quietly.
Dean glances at the side of Castiel's face and feels his heart beat a little faster. That's all in the past now.
Castiel tilts his head to the side slowly and lets a pregnant pause settle between them before speaking up. "Is that something someone has done to you in a sexual manner?"
Gabriel eyes Dean wearily. "What's up? I've never been this scared since dad found up my porno got leaked." he chuckles, nudging Lucifer's side with a waggle of his eyebrows. "Where's Anna?"
Dean chokes on his spit, shakes his head furiously  and makes his way to the hallway slowly with his back facing the entrance way. It's dark, even though his eyes have adjusted to the low lights, so he stumbles a little not that he has the time to be embarrassed about it while being looked at like prey. The Angel stays true to his word and stands still while Dean makes his getaway. Dean stops at the archway and his mouth opens and close a few times because he feels as if he has to say something.
Eve smiles but there's no kindness in it. "Good. You don't want to know what'll happen if you fail."
Lucifer lets out a huff and pushes himself out of Gabriel's grip. "She's been doing it right under our noses! We have to put her down—"
"Naomi...took," she coughs and a little blood dribbles from the side of her mouth. Lucifer shifts anxiously.
"I hope you find this place homey, all supernatural is welcome here and we don't discriminate. It must be hard not knowing people though, hun." Andrea frowns thoughtfully.
"Alpha, A-Alpha," Dean buries his nose in Castiel's scent gland and inhales to calm his shaking body. Everything around him is muddled together and his body is warm. Castiel is warm.
"Little dizzy but I'll live." Dean reassures and the sides of Castiel's eyes crinkle as he smiles. Dean can hear his heartbeat in his ears. That smile might be the death of him.
After Andrei and Elizabeth forgive each other yet again the show cuts to a commercial break and Dean sits up.
It slides off his shoulders and pools with the rest of his clothes and they both stare at each other. Dean's eyes flicker down to Castiel's chest; marred with deep, scaring cuts and as lean as Dean always imagined it would be.
Castiel thrusts forward eagerly, clumsily, like a virgin, his tip nestles in comfortable between Dean's warm walls and he leans forward to put his hands on the desk.
Dean's balling up the used napkin and slowly dragging his eyes up to the windshield when cock gives a faint twitch of interest and his eyebrows quirk upwards. Looks like someone was watching.
Dean enters the gender neutral bathroom, grateful that it appears empty aside from the one closed stall. Dean locks the main door before walking slowly towards clean stall door and standing in front of it.
was the reason why you lied to your mom about you bussin' your head open on the carpet because you couldn't get the blood stain out."
The bedroom they walk into his dark but there's a large window with snow piling up on the outside of it. Castiel turns on a lamp on a stack of books then opens the window a crack.
Dean watches Castiel's back as he leaves before telling Jo he's headed to the bathroom. Once there he locks himself in the closest stalls and unzip his pants before pulling out his dick and rubbing the underside of it with his finger.
"Castiel," the name is too big and clumsy in his mouth, his mind dizzy with pleasure. Is it pleasure? Or has he gotten it mixed with pain again? "I don't understand."
Castiel sits in a corner with his knees drawn up and arms wrapped around them, handcuffs with Enochian scripts keeping him bound the place.
Dean lowers his neck, his heart still pounding like gunshots in his chest, and slides off the counter. The movement has slick dirtying the counter and furthering the stickiness of his underwear to his pants and ass. The Angel lets out another low growl and hunches his shoulders over almost like he's trying to make himself seem smaller.
"You can journal this or keep it in your mind for next session tomorrow. I would like you to find five things you tolerate about yourself and five things you tolerate about others. That's all. Five things for you and five things for other people."
Castiel brings his hands to cup Dean's face. "I think you are the most brave, most resilient, and the most strongest person. I believe that you are not gross, Dean Winchester. You are not damaged, you are not tainted, you are so beautiful."
"How do you know he came into contact with it?" Dean questions as he flips through the data entries.
Nordic doesn't laugh but his voice is amused when he says, "I don't require sleep and it's good to see you as well, Hermaphrodite. I don't mean to pry but you smell troubled, are you okay?"
"Thank you." Dean unwraps the paper around his food, practically salivating at the smell. He squeezes the lime at the side over them.
"Do you think you could handle putting your pathetic cock inside me?" Dean asks as they lower their panties to the floor then steps out of them.
aches and throbs under layers of skin, muscle, and nerves. His grace is burning, itching, yearning to get out now that he's home. There's a heavy rain in the air, it makes the hair stick to his forehead and his trenchcoat become like weights on his shoulders.
"I couldn't find five things. I'm sorry." Dean isn't sure what he expects Castiel to due with a small confession like this; a grown man can't write down a couple things that make his hair stand on end, how pathetic.
The whispers are always loud at night. They drown out the chirping of crickets, hoots of owls, and the low meows of street cats. The pressure of them makes a pain radiate down his body to the point where he can feel it in his fingertips and toes, his throat closes up in a way that feels like his esophagus and trachea are tied together in knots. Then there's a pit, a black hole that swirls in the bottom of his stomach like maggots, bacterial worms, are
"We don't have to continue." Castiel reassures, rubbing Dean's knee soothingly until he opens them again.
"Omega?" Castiel calls, concerned and Dean sniffles, he opens his mouth but closes it with an audible click and swallows. He sucks in a shaky breath.
"You are absolutely beautiful. I'm surprised my family picked one of my father's favorite creations."
Castiel's steps are slow and calculated as he comes to sit next to Dean and carefully curls his fingers around Dean's palm. Dean tightens the grip and leans against Castiel's shoulder.
Dean isn't sure if he dozed off or he wasn't paying close enough attention but suddenly there's the sound of Miracle's collar clinking against metal, probably her water bowl.
The wedding had also allowed Dean to get the key to the handcuffs from Rowena, an absolute ruthless but kindhearted witch who trained Dean as well as Sam. Controlling his magic had been relatively easy after he started learning how to keep his focus. It was like working on a car and focusing on specific parts. A childish analogy but it works for Dean.
Castiel's nose scrunches but his lips turn upwards. "Your handcuffs would need to come off, we would share grace, essentially."
"My mother was not fond of getting groceries. She said the Devil poisoned it with preservatives and refused to by food. She would feed us oatmeal, crackers, very bland and unfulfilling foods and only two or three times a week. I dreamed of gardens in my sleep, that I could make my own and be able to feed me and my sibling. As I got older, I believed that nobody should have to go without food or lack of it." Castiel raises and drops his shoulders, clenches his fists, and remembers to breathe.
"Not until nine, I was up for a while. I was hoping you would call but it looks like you had no anxieties about work?" Castiel's peers at Dean curiously.
"C-Cas," tears run down freely and he chokes on every syllable that escapes him, Castiel bites and sucks harshly at his neck. It hurts, it hurts and makes him want to push Castiel away but he can't because this feeling,
"I love you, Daddy." Dean whispers, his cheeks a little red and his grace humming loudly in his body.
When Dean gets home his back his aching and his knees are clicking as he toes off his shoes. He gets some water from the tap before padding to his and Cas' bathroom only to stop in his tracks and gape.
"No funny business on the dance floor and Dean, remember what I told you about the handcuffs." her accent has thickened from the few drinks in her system but she seems fine as she takes another one and leaves.
"These rules are able to change under the Angel of Thursday's order and they are simply ground rules. There are sub rules to these ones." Lucifer informs.
Dean stops at the staircase that goes downward but glances up at the one right next to it that seems darkened above. Dean thinks he sees something move in the shadows but decides against it once nothing else happens then continues his way downstairs.
Dean is special, so special that Castiel's hands shake when Anna goes near him to produce pheromones like a common whore. Anna is a lower being, something he could step on and split with his blade. A atom that should have never been a thought in Father's mind but alas, Castiel will simply have to deal with it.
"He would've hated me. He prayed to me months ago telling me about the hunt he was going on but Naomi wouldn't allow it. She feared I would relapse again."
"You thinkin', o-oh right there, 'm pretty?" Dean grins. Castiel whimpers high in his throat and bucks his hips, jolting the desk once more. He aches, he wants it, all of it, all of Dean.
"But no. You leave alone the man who left his children behind. A mother would never do that." Eve starts laughing, one full of bitterness and impatience. "It's my fault. I was too eager in getting back to Earth."
"We talked. Of course I haven't forgiven her completely but I had to at least invite her to my wedding." Sam defends.
He hears the seagulls more than he can see them but it just adds to the peace. His fingers brush over the handcuff covering his right wrist absently while he thinks.
Sam's eyebrows shoot to his hairline but he nods quickly, "Do you-we can go to my place, o-or the coffee shop, anywhere you're comfortable with."
Castiel brushes their noses together before their lips attach once again, Dean sobs into the kiss, body seizing and arching off the grass.
"Oh," Dean blinks. He never did ask for his name, did he? "I'm Dean, Princess of Winchester." Dean recites automatically.
Donna sets her notepad on the coffee table and frowns. "Castiel can talk to people without having to open his mouth. It's not my business to tell you what happened or why he doesn't talk. You have to go up to him and tell him that you want to talk or that you like the kiss, it's completely up to you, but I think you both will benefit from it."
"I've read that some people got the hots for the person listening to their darkest secrets but I didn't think it was—"
Anna surveys the room quietly, something akin to nostalgia swims in her eyes, and steps closer to Dean.
It had been difficult, of course, but Dean wanted to. He wanted to prove it to himself even though he still isn't sure what 'it' is yet.
"He must be distant because of Mother's return. She never took kindly to his kind." Anna says offhandedly, turning her back to Dean; her scent flying past his nose as her wings shift dramatically. They're white; almost blindingly so whereas Castiel's are black. Maybe it has something to do with the drug? Anna's nails clink against the wind bottle as she grabs the neck of it.
"Usually for teenagers or kids I make a plan since I hear the basis of what they're struggling with from their parents. However, with adults, I do an assememt. With the assement I get the symptoms or companion struggles like depression or bi-polar disorder or even imposter syndrome. That way, I am able to work on the struggles while also getting to know the trauma and then knowing how to help with the core of the problem."
"Remember, in and out, no looking longer than you have to and don't die." Gabriel lists before looking between the two and holding up his hand, ready to snap his fingers.
Castiel obeys then turns Dean so his back is pressed against Castiel's clothed chest. Castiel's lips graze Dean's shoulder gently, causing the younger to shiver.
Dean stares at Aaron before nodding. He can't do this. "Listen, Aaron, I take my position as a Princess seriously. I plan to inherit the throne with or without an Alpha and a heir. No offence, but you don't seem like the type who would be able to rule our land."
and kept secrets with a man they both hated. A hysterical laugh escapes him which turns into a cry and he buries his hands in his hair. There's vomit resting in the back of his mouth. He's spinning, chest collapsing in on itself and caving on his brittle heart.
Dean chews the gum on the inside of his cheek. So the person making the drug has access to an open rift which makes Dean wonder how the rifts open. Sam would know about that, he was the one who read lore books.
Dean's eyes widen until his eyebrows pinch forward and his chin begins to wobble as unshed tears form in his eyes. Mary rubs her temples with a sigh.
Dean looks around the office, nostalgia blanketing over him. Charlie's action figures are still lined up high on their bookshelf. Jo's bartender books are stacked carelessly in a corner and Dean's old guitar is resting on top of the stack.
This Naomi character is interesting; she has Benny on edge, Lucifer doesn't like her and she seems to be connected to Leviathan Blossom. She's the protector of these Angels right? Which would mean that she's powerful enough to open a rift.
Castiel ends up carrying Dean back to his family's manor when the sun begins to rise. The climb in through the window like teenagers and laugh like newly weds until they fall into bed and then there's no talking and Castiel is gone in the very being that is Dean Winchester.
"I'm not saying this to be harmful. I'm saying that maybe you were so tired because the day felt like it was going on forever even though the day was going by normally. Maybe you were thinking so much of past trauma that the day felt even longer."
"Idiot." he whispers to the ceiling then turns to his side, cradling a pillow to his chest. The way Castiel was so careful with him when taking off his clothes, that had to be something right? Maybe he's reaching.
Dean shoots between them not even seconds later, letting out a string of 'Daddy's' or broken versions of Castiel's name.
, in the eyes without wanting to throw up or cry or slit his wrists even though he can't die that way. Maybe he needs this, deserves it after all the shit he's been put through. He's not trying to satisfy John, Lisa, Cassie, or even Sam. He has to do this for himself. He needs to.
With thoughts of childhood bouncing in his brain, Dean sets down his empty paper sack, toes off his sandals and walks slowly into the water. A shiver runs up his spine despite the water's warmth from the sun. He steps on the squishy waterbed, nicks his ankle on a rock, and curls his toes at the moss that goes between them.
Anna stands in prim and proper clothes with her wings, a pair darker then her hair, tucked neatly behind her. Dean's brows frown. How come he didn't notice them before?
Castiel presses Dean flush against his body, running his nose up the side of Dean's neck. Castiel smells heavy with the dirt of the earth and burning sticks; Dean's mind goes dizzy with it.
Dean collapses on the floor, sweaty and exhausted after putting up their final piece of furniture; a king sized bed with too many pillows and heavy comforters. Their big, wide windows with opened curtains tell them both that the sky has darkened and the stars have come out to say hi.
"We're taking her back." Dean states as he pulls out a dusty ID that must've been hidden in the depths.
"Dean Winchester." a voice coos. "To think that The Righteous Man is here and with Luci in tow. It must be my lucky day." they boast happily.
He should've remembered. The story was told to him years ago, after he'd fallen in the pond, reaching for something black and feathery in the water.
"Isn't the worst case scenario for SR–" a long needle pierces Dean's heart and he looks down to rub at his chest with a short wince. Castiel's eyes go soft and sad around the edges.
"Is his name really Cassie?" Dean can't help but ask. That name isn't really screamable in bed; he could always shorten it to Cas, he guesses.
"How's Purgatory treatin' you?" Dean wonders, crossing his arms and leaning against the wall. Garth shrugs half heartedly.
"When's the last time you had one partner?" Sam bites and Dean cocks his eyebrow, shocked but not hurt by the jab and Sam sighs as he unpack the bags. Dean toes off his wet boots and follows.
"It's Deana, Princess of Winchester. Having you here is breaking the rules, you should leave before I call the guards."
The orange hue from the lamp isn't enough to satisfy Dean's need to want to see all of Castiel, especially with the Angel wearing Dean's old Led Zeppelin tee and refusing to take it off. Dean just wants Castiel, wants to see him, all of him like Castiel can see him.
Castiel's balls smack loudly against the meat of Dean's ass. The sound of grunts, high-pitched wails, and skin slapping sounds the room. Sweat drips down Castiel's back and he grunts, shoving his hips deeper inside of Dean and
"Yup, apparently we got some new folk that's visiting. House is gonna be packed like a can of sardines, you're comin' right?"
His heart feels tired and the bags under his eyes wouldn't even be allowed to be carried on an airplane.
Dean's eyes widen. "Oh crap, yeah," he then cringes. "Poor Michael. I really hope he can get his K-3."
"I don't know." Dean answers honestly, ignoring Castiel's look of surprise. "I baked with my mom when I was younger, I was her little helper but eventually," Dean purses his lips in thought.
"Breakfast is commonly found in the kitchen, correct?" Castiel asks, looking up at Dean who nods. Castiel groggily gets up, naked body on display, and walks to the bathroom.
"You don't have to explain your sexuality to me, Red. I was just asking for a name and for what it's worth," he stops them before leaning down to her ear. "I'm strictly dickly." he winks and a grin spreads on her lips.
"'S the smell." Dean explains, reaching for his boxers which were thrown haphazardly over the side of the bed. "Didn't know Angels needed to eat."
Moonlight illuminates a small section of his room, closest to the balcony, but Dean can make out Castiel's nose, lips, and chin, and there's clothes thrown on the floor as well as his, well, unspeakables.
"You didn't wanna say it? Why?" Dean gently settles his blunt nail in the folds of Castiel's urethra and rocks his finger. Castiel grips Dean's wrist and fucks into it, shaking. Dean lets a shaky exhale and rocks her and Castiel's body together.
Castiel freezes above him for a split second then throws himself back from the couch, bumping against a bookshelf and rattling it so hard that books fall down around him.
Castiel opens his mouth wide and sticks out his tongue, jolting when Dean rests his cock on his tongue.
Dean and Lucifer cast a glance at each other but Dean's the one that speaks up. "We believe that if we're able to heal Castiel, he'll be able to  take his proper position."
"I would never threaten a mother. Especially one carrying a child with such a strong grace, I wouldn't want to make my favourite angry."
"If I had known you were coming I would've had you meet Deana personally." John claps his hand on Castiel's back roughly. Castiel squints his eyes and tilts his head before looking at Dean then at John.
"So how should we—" Castiel is cut off when the front door opens and Mary's head peaks out, she waves enthusiastically and with a bright smile.
"Are you awake?" Castiel asks quietly. There's a short moment of silence. "Is it okay if you nod for me? I need you to answer a few questions for me."
"Here, let's-" Dean lifts his hips as high as he can with Castiel on him and shimmies out of his boxers awkwardly, then kicks them the rest of the way off. Once they both settle back down, Castiel can feel Dean's cock twitch against the curve of his ass in boxers.
Dean clenches his jaw and casts his eyes downward once they start walking again. Blondie was a Beta as well. A Demon Beta.
Dean's eyebrows relax at the realization and his lips fall downward. He and Castiel hadn't talked since last night; since Castiel hit a little too close to home and Dean got defensive. Did Castiel even come back back bed last night?
Castiel frowns. "The backtracking?" at Dean's confirming nod Castiel purses his lips. "Yes. Like your attire, therapy has layers, we have to get through each layer to find the core. Some clients skip the layering and head straight for the core and talk about why the layers were there, some clients do a layer every month, some clients lie but eventually we get to where we need to be. Does that answer your question?"
Castiel reaches for the backs of Dean's thighs and, in one smooth motion, lifts him up. The water splashes around them noisily and Dean gasps in surprise and tightens his thighs around Castiel's waist instinctively.
They decided months ago, days after the wedding that it would be best for both of them to finish trauma therapy first then build the house. Dean was first to finish, he still goes for check-ins or he schedules an appointment when he doesn't feel right. But Castiel's past is more loaded then Dean's, his appointed time of finishing took longer than twelve months.
God smiles, a sad little half-lifted lip. His eyes are knowing, that deep blue endlessness, when he tells Castiel no.
Castiel’s lungs burn. Not the pleasant hum of being pushed too hard during a run, steps pounding faster than blood can stream; no, this is the grate of skin against pavement, rocks against the blade of a knife.
“Like I said,” Cas lifts a hand, reaches for Dean's and though he wants to jerk back, the grip feels too good to let go. “Words don't mean anything.”
He floats through dreams feeling heavy, sedated. The sky is a gash of purple black, inlaid with stars brighter than flood lights, beacons that look just a bit too big, a bit too close. He's in a crowd, weaving through anonymous masses. But when he looks closer at the faces obstructing his path, he realizes he knows all of them, even if the only thing they've shared is a cursory glance. He keeps moving, under their collective attention, shades of blue and green and brown and hazel eyes watching, silent as he goes. And then he finds a pair he knows so well, a brown that's warmer than he remembers.
“Because your spirit is weak.” It's not an insult, not a judgment. Just the truth. Always just the truth. He tries to shift in Cas' grip, to get a better look at himself, but there's nothing, an insubstantial sort of mist that pulses and waves, a specter.
Castiel doesn't have to ask who his Father speaks of. There is only one to him, one being, one soul, one gaze that roots his grace and ties him in knots. He's not sure when he slipped, when he left angelic stoicism behind, but now that he's entrenched, there's no going back.
That's all it takes, five words repeated, for Dean to break, to eliminate the space between them, to pull Cas into an embrace so tight the edge of a knife couldn't fit between them. It's like his heart was outside of his chest, held by Cas and now, with the angel's fingers on his jaw, he can feel it seeping back in.
It doesn’t remember much. Nothing before the lake, the cool depths that do nothing to calm the embers buried inside him, lighting his stomach and his throat with
He slips when trying to take down a nest of vampires. He stands up too fast after one's bitten a chunk out of his arm, though he finds some pleasure in the fact that it lost its head shortly thereafter. But the last one, a girl no older than 13, barrels at him and he doesn't have time to regroup because his vision is swimming, fingers going numb and he isn't sure he even grips the knife anymore. He's sort of surprised that it's going to end this way, that Michael himself isn't going to show up at save him. But then he remembers the sigil on his ribs and laughs. The dick angel isn't going to be happy about this.
an angel, can't try to claim a part of something that only has loyalty to its absent father (and, yeah, Dean understands that one firsthand). And though angels are genderless creatures, really, it's pretty relevant that Cas currently inhabits the form of a man—one with smooth skin and long limbs, thick dark hair and fluid eyes—but a man, nonetheless. Dean isn't gay, has always craved the skin under his to be smooth and delicate, to have soft hair and gentle curves. He's admired other men, taken second glances, maybe, but appreciation isn't necessarily attraction. So the fact that he can't look at the angel now without wondering what he tastes like, whether he turns right or left when going in for a kiss and how his face would contort during the throes of an orgasm is slightly unnerving, at best.
“We were given free will,” Cas lifts his chin, looks into those stars again. “So I was given the choice to want you after I saved you. He let me choose.”
He sits at the kitchen table, asks for some toast. Bobby closes his mouth. Sam and Gabriel come in from outside, light clinging to their hair and bodies. They have a place in the sun, can let it play on their faces and smile indulgently. Dean just sees a harsh glare. They both stop short when they see him but recover, though not quickly enough to avoid the jerky, robotic motions their arms and legs take for a moment. They watch him but pretend not to as he sips Bobby's strong coffee, eats thick-cut toast with peanut butter smeared on it. He chews and swallows and does what's expected, raises an eyebrow and smirks, and even though it's watered down, they believe it.
way. “You think you've seen me broken?” He doesn't want to admit to the past, to bare the flesh of his humiliation in front of Gabriel and Sam, but push is coming to shove. “If Sam gets locked away in that cage down there, I will know everything he'll go through.” He focuses on the floor, talks to it instead of the audience he's acquired.
Sam isn't in the panic room. His been laid out on a bed upstairs in Bobby's house, body curled in on itself. His fetal position hearkens back to innocence, to youth before all this when they weren't vessels or hunters but children, safe in a world where nothing that went bump in the night was any of their business. At first because he is so still, Dean thinks Sam is dead, that the expressionless ease on his face has been placed there by a reaper's cool hand. A frantic second later there's a strong thrum of the carotid artery under his fingers, steady and even. The relief makes his shoulders droop and he half-falls into Sam, choking on laughter that cloaks fear.
, not in spite of Dean that he'd gotten as much as he did. He'd been the sacrificial lamb, the one to stay behind and support their father, though neither would ever admit its necessity.
He's lighter in an instant, the ache in him subsiding enough so that the constant stitch in his side dwindles, makes it easier to breathe. But anger chokes him and his first instinct is to
But all that comes back to the former angel is a gurgling rumble that increases until it's all he can hear; one unnecessary heartbeat, then two, and he's washed away into the blackness as well.
“How did you...” The area is open; no immediate woods or trees—nothing that a person could get to in the time it took Castiel to get from the house to the lake. He cards his fingers through his still-wet hair, the droplets snaking down his wrist, dripping down his neck freely.
“Some humans have strange theories,” Cas says. “Imagine, the Earth only six thousand years old.” The angel raises his head, though, stares into the blue-black canopy above. “You've always been drawn to the stars, though. Even the first humans.”
“Castiel.” Three syllables hold enough sadness, enough disappointment to wash over him like a tidal wave. He’s pulled under, washed clean of the strange hunger he felt, leaving only hot, aching shame behind.
He’s too far gone to brace himself for what comes next, a spotlight of inside-out agony in the form of two pinpricks at his throat. But oh, he can feel Dean there, pulling in at the fount of his neck and the pain becomes a sort of clarity, a realization that this could be the end, and maybe he welcomes it, after all.
that usually stern voice. Dean wonders where he learned the nuances of inflection, the double layer of speech that has nothing to do with words.
“So foolish, Dean,” Cas colors resignation in the weak reprimand, brings his hand up to stroke at the hair just behind Dean's ear.
yourself. You begged me not to tell Dad. And I didn't. I did take your allowance for a month, but I didn't tell.
Dean looks up at the stars before taking in Cas' profile as he does the same. Can he see heaven from here? Does it make him homesick, being able to look but not touch, to see and be unable to return? He's decided that the stars are the biggest false idols of all; they're beautiful, they give hope and the idea that there's something there, waiting within reach, and then they slide just out of grasp, content to die out alone, light-years away.
Is his hand acting on its own when it slips under his boxers? When he takes his own velvet warmth in his hand and strokes, body quaking with each movement? Sparks crackle up his spine, erupt in his mind and snap his eyes shut tight so they can firework there, behind the lids. He’s breathing shallow now, like he’s treading water and only able to keep his head just above the waves. But the pleasure, arching out now across him, building like a fire consuming him from the inside out, draws him under, down, until it robs him of breath, exploding in light and heat. But even as he loses himself to his body, it’s as if Dean’s eyes are on him, smirk firmly in place. Watching. Waiting.
But all of that gets pushed away when the first scorch of blood rolls down Its throat. It doesn’t get a chance to swallow twice before consciousness starts to blacken around the edges, smoke seeping into Its eyes until all that’s left is a sigh of breath that pushes from Its lungs.
It's echoey, a trill of the familiar that Castiel digs for, memory that edges away as he gets close. Pulling his computer back into his lap, he types the word, holds his breath and presses the enter button. The results are lists and lists of mythology resources, ghouls and goblins and bump-in-the-night monsters:
“Oh?” A breath of passion brushes through Cas' grace, thick and heady, burning through his bloodstream with feather touches and flushing pleasure that builds low, tenses every muscle he has.
It is engulfed, caught in the frenzy of a fever that crackles every synapse, lighting up all nerve endings with such ferocity that he’d willingly beat down death’s door to make it stop, to keep his blood from burning through his veins and skin, a destruction that separates the pieces of his very core. Eyes forced open see the scramble of the human back to his house, each step forward over broken glass and heated coal. The torture fills them both, and then, with clarity cool as morning’s first light, there is realization.
to Dean? Is it repulsive? Too different to be anything but untrustworthy, something to be feared and put down before it can do damage?
He looks back at Dean, who's reaching up with a blood-covered hand, the lines of his palm cracking with the dried flakes, to touch something. Castiel thinks his cheek, maybe, his lips or some close contact that will assure to the human that he's truly here, that this isn't a dying fantasy. But then the hand slips past his shoulder and Castiel's gasping, grace thrumming like a well-tuned motor. He cranes his own neck and
Dean tells Sam about Cas. In simple words and phrases, he tells his brother of how he was brought back from the edge by the person who'd saved him once before, who was the reason he'd kept going in Sam's absence. His brother doesn't say anything, doesn't voice his judgment, if he has any. But what, really, could he say? He's in no position to criticize Dean and he knows it. So while his eyes, green, today, like Dean's, not leaning toward their usual hazy aqua, widen when he hears of the relationship, there are no obvious signs of disgust or ill will. Dean takes it as a success.
“I love you,” he hears himself say, vocal chords manipulated, working around words he means and feels. Strange that it's coming from him, literally. But his voice doesn't sound like his own. It's raw, down to its barest form, syllables shaking with lust and uncertainty, with
“Nothin' to apologize for, Sammy.” He lets his hands touch on Sam's broad back before releasing his brother, who comes away quickly, wiping at his cheeks.
“You were stronger than this,” Cas cups his hand, draws it through where Dean's waist would be if he had one, sending shocks of buzzing warmth through whatever he is, “When I pulled you out of hell. You were more substantial than this coming fresh from torturing someone.”
She opens the door. There are two men waiting. What happens next is a slow, evil slide into sadism that Castiel can't look away from; he shuts his eyes, it's in his head. He screams, no one hears him. The mother begs for her daughter's life, pleads to bear the brunt of whatever cruelty the men possess, but they've already chosen and they carry out their mindless savagery. They hurt Dean's wife first, tearing at her loose nightgown, forcing themselves on her before carving names and patterns into her skin, the blood running freely and thick, salty in the air. She never stops speaking, though, never stops assuring her daughter that it's all going to be alright, that everything's going to be ok and Mommy's going to be right as rain and
The next morning, no one looks either of them directly in the eye. Breakfast is a quiet affair, sips of coffee between the loud crunching of toast. It's mechanical and forced and nostalgic because every look exchanged, every action completed is understood to be a last. Last time seeing Bobby, eating in his kitchen, the only place ever to feel like a home, calling Sam a bitch after his brother greeted him with raised eyebrows and a breathy moan of “Oh, Cas!”
Hands splayed, Dean’s fingers curl, come in toward his own chest. He looks down at them, at the slight sharpness of the nails, and then back up at Castiel. “You were filled with both. And I couldn’t help but want it all. I didn’t know it would affect you. I didn’t know it would start to change you.”
It doesn't sound like the angel's talking about the entirety of the human population anymore. He's looking at Dean, eyes moving back and forth, skipping from eye to eye like he's searching for something, like Dean's hiding something he needs to know. Dean feels open, like he's laid out naked in a surgery theater and there's only one onlooker, but they're pinning him down with the strength of a gaze.
world. That, Dean's assured, will come later. When Sam says yes. And, apparently, everyone thinks he will. Dean doesn't think about it, not at all, because he would eventually come to a conclusion, one that he won't let happen. If he thinks it will happen, even if he never admits it, never says it out loud, it's still giving in. But the world he knows, the one where he's part of a united front, where he can trust that his brother will always have his back, is over, gone, washed away with a swirl of demon blood.
It sees a man, sitting at the edge of a lake. The sun rests on the horizon, painting the earth in a loving gold, though it doesn’t reach the presence sitting cross-legged on the end of a dock. His stare is frozen, unseeing, though his gaze is aimed at the still water beneath. Behind him, dark red stains smear the dusty drive leading up to a modest house. It should be licking its lips, pointed teeth aching for what is obviously blood, and the sorrow that must follow it, but the sight, the sweet scent of decay sends a jolt through Its stomach like icy fingers of fear. Uncertainty.
“It hurts to be reborn, Castiel. But I brought you back so you could reclaim everything that's been lost.” Furrowed brow, bitten lip. God isn't terrifying. Not like Castiel expected. Heaven has always been a strict place; stay in line or fall. Fall and be persecuted. Rules and standards and no questions, no thinking.
“Oh.” She takes a step back, dark eyes widening almost imperceptibly before her facade smooths back over. “Sorry for your loss.” And then she’s turning on her heel, ponytail curving up with the momentum, narrow back retreating toward the kitchen. His hands attract his attention then, the rough-bitten down cuticles that keep his thoughts away from the burn of his cheeks. She was young. Mid-twenties, maybe.
Fingers on his cheeks, a bumpy path halted by the overgrowth of stubble dotting the skin there and on his jaw. Spirals and slinking lines are drawn into his skin, moving down his neck to a suddenly bare chest where nails scratch just right, one foot on dry-throated pleasure, the other resting on red-tipped pain. Castiel throws his head back, mouth open, gasping at the tide of ecstasy he’s lost in. The drag of a mouth over his abdomen, down his sides catches his cells, lighting them like fireworks to rain sparks down. The colors burst behind his eyes and the sensations expand until he can’t tell where he starts and his love stops. If there’s a separation at all.
"Castiel," he greets formally, trying to get his voice to hum in that same stiff way the angel manages so well. He starts to ask what the angel's doing there, what he wants now, but the light pressure of fingers on his head, cool to the touch, cuts him off and the unnerving feeling of blinking out of existence surges through him. It's worse becoming solid again, though, he thinks, because as soon as they arrive to wherever he's been taken, he falls to his knees, head swimming and pressured like an invisible force has wrapped around it and squeezed tight. His stomach churns, too, and for a moment he thinks he's going to be sick. The thought comes with some satisfaction, though, because Castiel's shoes are just within range for him to accidentally splash them with his bile. But the dizzy sensation clears and he pulls himself up, refusing to look weak. Some part of him wonders how futile that is, though, because this is the angel that found him in hell, that held his soul at one point. And aren't humans just blips of momentary weakness to angels, anyway?
His lip curls up at the thought, a quick little snarl and a jagged-warm feeling of vindication as curls around his stomach. He was the rebel, the outcast, the
that came out of you. I mean, yeah, the car did buck a little, but come on, man. And when I jumped over you, pushed you into the passenger's seat, you looked like you were going to
A sigh, like a hand rubbing at eyes and a forehead before drifting back to card between long locks of hair.
“Please,” Castiel whispers, breathing Finn’s air, hands in the other man’s hair, pressing tight so hearts can beat as one, “Please don’t go.”
“I'm empty, Sam,” he says, voice tight, ignoring the slide and blur of tears. Sam just holds his hand and they say nothing together, allowing time to pass them by. Eventually, he clears his cheeks with his own fumbling fingers and can't help the flash of Cas' doing the same thing. But Cas isn't there.
And then something skirts past his leg, a silk press of barely-there flesh, appendages that humans don't have. He sputters, shock overriding sense to fill his throat with water. The disrupted surface of the lake churns further when he bursts through the surface, sending ripples in every direction as he coughs and chokes, stomach twisting to rid itself of its unwelcome intruder. Heart racing now, he whips around in circles, wiping trails of water from his face, though they cling to his hair, ready to replace their fallen brothers a moment later.
how others feel, even when he didn't want to. He was a hawk, searching out tells, uncomfortable hands that betray confident voices, smiles that didn't touch eyes. And right now, he
“Come back to me,” he whispers, taking a breath before pressing his lips to a cold, still mouth. He draws himself out from the inside, the hope and sadness, the light dizzy ache that is love and fear of its loss. He bathes himself in the fount of love Dean pressed close to him earlier, thinks of the ache in his throat and heart and uses it, pushes it into the mortal body that is busy rebuilding, knitting tissue and sending renewed blood through whole veins. And then his human is perfect again, not a scratch on him, save the mark seared into skin, the outline of his own hand as they ascended from hell together.
He's running forward before he can truly contemplate moving. With a growl, he forces the taller man, the younger man,
“Back so soon, are we?” He mocks Castiel, a cutting tone that would have him blushing, though he's beyond it now. He
A hand grasps the dock, and then a second. Long fingers, square palms. The nails maybe a bit too long, too like the reflective glass of a window pane. A face rises now, rests on lean, muscled arms. He is dark, eyes and hair like the night, though no stars swim here, in his depths. Just a lack, a pool of dark so easy to drown in.
“Sam wouldn't do that,” he mutters, stuffing his hands in his pockets. “He wouldn't put my life in a stranger's hands. He wouldn't let some
” he continues, eyes tracking Dean like a cat hunting a mouse, “Be a dear and tell me where Sammy is?”
he needs the other man to be alright, but it doesn't matter. An eternity passes, lives upon lives and he's just holding the other man, waiting for those stuck-together lashes to part, for the soot of them to steal Castiel's breath as they rise over viridian bright enough to unsettle.
It heaves itself onto the sand, tail ungainly and awkward on the land, muscles all wrong for the gritty surface. Doesn't matter though, not now. It lifts itself like pendulum, reaches the end of the beach and stares at the uneven rocks leading down to the road. It lays down. The sky above is limitless and it is but a speck. It raises its arms, not minding the scrapes as it stretches, reaching for something on either side, flickers of the past and emotions it doesn't know what to do with anymore.
The green is brighter, more jarring against the sheen of tears. The monster’s lashes stick together, but their length is still little-boy sweet, and for a moment, a split second, Castiel is taken aback by the sense of hopelessness— and…is that
“Not a moment later,” Castiel promises, unused to the way his heart jumps to his throat when permission is perceived, when a
Even now, with Famine gone, his ring in Dean's possession, he hears the words that cut to bone, slicing deep to reveal blood and muscle and spongy tissue that works like a normal person's but isn't because it serves no higher purpose, supports a waste of life, emptiness that he'd thought was finally filling, being mended by the tentative bond with Cas that he holds so tight to, leaving half-moon indents on the angel's grace, desperate to keep from sliding away into the numbness that begs to be let in. He doesn't want to be a monster, a machine anymore. But it looks like the choice isn't his, looks like nothing, not even the love and infatuation of a creature connected to God himself can save him from what he's become. With his head resting on the cool surface of porcelain, he closes his eyes and sees the demon of his dreams, a thing with his own face.
Slipping out of his body is easy enough. He's done it before. A twist, a jolt and he's free from humanity's confines, a spirit standing just a few feet away from the god.
“It's time for some change, Castiel.” God lowers his hands to pull the angel into a hug, the being who had tried to do what was best for heaven in his absence and had been pulled apart for it.
Castiel's eyes are warm. Dean's face blurs into a kaleidoscope, pale lips and long lashes and the pinch of concern between his forehead. Thumbs swipe the corners of his eyes and sight comes back, the glaring sun reflecting off the lake. Dean says nothing, but swims with him toward the shore. Each pull, each reach of his arms feels like slipping, tumbling down a hole that holds nothing but darkness. But then the beach is under him, cheek digging into the grains of sand, and he sighs into its embrace.
, this is wrong and foreign and if he could use his tear ducts they'd be overflowing. As it is he's trembling inside, creating a minor earthquake, trying to displace his captor.
“You're not doing it alone,” Sam's stern voice says, coming from behind, reminding Dean of his and Gabriel's forgotten presence.
“Had to put Lucifer in his cage, Dean,” Cas is saying between kisses, as he trails his way up and down the angel's face, tasting everything, memorizing. Like Cas is going to disappear again.
“I saw what happened,” he whispers to the water, Dean behind him, fingers curled around his biceps, now with enough pressure to leave 10 neat bruises. “I saw your wife and daughter.”
but then fingertips break through the water like tiny submarines and they're reaching, up, up, until they touch down on his cheekbones. His lower lashes catch on Dean's skin. He wonders what Dean sees. The bleeding through of his grace, obviously, but what does that
“Gabriel?” Sam asks, still looking at Dean before sliding his gaze over to the angel, who stands completely still, a deer in the headlights. “If I give you permission?”
“I could go,” he offers, and Dean imagines the angel trying to interact with servers in a diner or a local pizza joint and just waves the words away, holding in a laugh.
“Yes.” The wings itch to spread, Castiel's discomfort and the ability to flee too close, too tempting. But he grits his teeth, ignores the urge. “You're protected here. Nothing can harm you until we figure out the extent of the curse, or whatever it is that's taken your memory.
He notices the Rs first. It stands alone, which means, most likely, it's an I. Or an A. But the frequency of it; Castiel brings a hand to his mouth, chews on the haggard nail of his index finger nail writes the alphabet out neatly. Underneath I, he writes R, and then his answer stares him in the face. The encoded note is the alphabet, backwards. The words come together like ants on a picnic blanket, black dots stark against the white of the paper.
“I could sense it in James, a savage, wholly complete love.” Now he's looking at Dean, eyes questioning, asking if he's on the right track. “It's that, even though you shouldn't ever completely trust anyone, love anyone else, you do. You
It looks on, stock still as the creature, Michael, opens eyes that now blaze with light hotter than any flame; a white glow pours out from them, and then flows from his mouth, but Dean doesn’t notice, or can’t escape from the pleasure that keeps him enraptured, strung tight like guitar strings played expertly by the thing that’s got its claws in tight, now. The light overtakes the human, burns bright from inside until it obscures his features entirely, until he’s a supernova better fitting the night sky than this small town.
The words pass his lips, become real in the air they're carried on, and at the same instant, Castiel disappears.
“I was losing,” tears now, thick voice, hot salt down cheeks. Dean licks it up, tongue curling before caressing Cas', groaning at how well they fit together. “And then he was locked away and I was brought back.” Cas grips Dean's face, awe and disbelief thick, making the words almost unintelligible.
Sam comes back. Dean keeps from shouting, from hating the part of himself that was convinced his brother would never return, would abandon him for good. They're shaky at first, tentative in a way that's wrong and uncomfortable, but backs have been stabbed, bridges burnt and now they're just trying to hold onto one another before the world falls apart.
There is a man coming toward Castiel, who sits casually on a park bench, out of sight to the humans around him, ants swarming in masses, shouts and laughs and hot skin under glaring sun. The man isn't tall, nor is he short. His hair is dark brown, wavy, and falls below his ears. Eyes too big for a slightly narrow face lock onto his; both are shades of blue, though this stranger's irises are darker, ominous sunset tones that whisper
When he steps under the wash of too-hard water that apparently does nothing for Sam's hair, it makes him hiss a little but in a good way, a clean way, a catharsis that's never fully complete, even though he chases after it every second he can.
Dean just hugs back, holds his brother's gaze until it isn't his brother anymore, until what's staring out of not-Sam is pure Gabriel.
And just like that, he fades away, until the only thing Castiel is left with is the sound of his own quick breath and a pressure in his eyes that tells him the tears on his cheeks won’t be the only ones to fall.
he tries, but his mouth is sewn shut, useless. His lake of calm has been disturbed, ripples fanning out, his unrest bubbling to the surface.
Castiel presses his together with the memory of Dean’s still on them, the taste of copper passed between mouths, a channel opening up between the two with every breath shared. He
the sane part of him orders, the part that tells him to use his seat belt and brush his teeth and to leave the fucking razors alone, to put them back where they belong and stop gazing at them like they're a solution. But it's weaker now, reed-thin and easy enough to ignore. So he stays, stopping as he turns to look over his shoulder and catches the surfacing of a dark-haired man with eyes that don't quite match the sneer on his pretty mouth.
“Is it true?” Sam's words shake as they ghost past his lips, a thready sort of tone that's all strangled hope and disbelief. “This isn't some revenge tactic?”
“You're creeping me out, dude,” Dean sighs, knowing fully well the angel hears everything, knows everything. “Just come in.”
When his demise doesn't come, and the faint sound of gurgling starts nearby, he opens his eyes to see the vampire's head near his hand, her body pouring blood onto the floor. His angel—
As he comes back to himself, though, toes stretching and legs moving to shift up toward his chest, he hears the low echo of water splashing, feels the heaviness of it on his skin as it moves gently over him. Eyes open, now, he sees that his legs are submerged, though his upper body is safely on the beach, away from the treacherous fingers of a rising tide.
they shared, he'd fallen into the habit, thought it automatically—moves closer, the sound of his steps masked entirely. It makes the hairs on Dean's arms jump up, this unconscious display of power.
, such great need. It knows waiting. The procession of time spent, watching endless lives flicker past and finding none satisfactory. Humans. They enjoy their melancholia, allow themselves to be wrapped in sadness like silk sheets, tremulous and wanting over impervious skin. But none ever match Its desire, none have so little left within that they can take the fire that’s ready, waiting, inside of It.
, he would have said, chuckling, tweaking Castiel on the nose, fully expecting the retribution that would come from the childish gesture. And Castiel would have tackled him, or tickled him or wrapped his arms around him and kissed his neck and breathed in his scent and wouldn't have thought anything of it. But this Castiel, the Castiel won't do any of that. His lips forget what it is to pull up into anything other than a grimace, to carry a heart that isn't burned with a mark that isn't ever going away, memories that will never fade. Sleep's haze rolls over him like clouds in the sky, but just before he drops away from his suddenly upside-down world, a name skitters through his mind like a deer across a road.
uses Sam like a pawn. Neither side. The threat is the last thing he hears before waves crash in his ears, obliterating everything else but the sound of circular, rolling motion, and then he's coming back to himself, shouting the last few words of a rant.
“Shhh,” Finn kneels, pulls Castiel to his chest, a broad space that’s somehow warm and steady and smells like rain and the cold of fall. He wipes the blood from Castiel’s chin, brushes a kiss across his forehead that sears through him, love and warmth and trust bursting in its wake.
Dean's memory keeps Cas with him, a name on the edge of his tongue, his mind, at all times. The angel is never far from Dean's thoughts, making his absence all the more painful, a twisting rod that pokes through his stomach, corroding, a permanent wound that isn't going anywhere.
“Fine,” Dean bites the syllable off with a click of his teeth. Saying no only means that Sam will sneak into the plans, will show up unexpectedly and break concentration, could make them misstep. If he's there, at least Dean can keep an eye on him, can make sure he's alright in the end.
A look crosses her face, as if she knows she shouldn't, but the name—her husband, Castiel assumes, warnings blaring in his mind loud as war sirens—is all she can hear.
“Completely,” Castiel has to concentrate to keep the wings from shifting and twitching against his back. Being seen by a human like this, halfway to his true form isn't...it's strange. It's close, like shared breath between a kiss. He's only had one in his entire lifetime, and it tasted of sulfur and ash. Dean licks his lips and he has to keep himself from actively wondering what a human would taste of.
The creature is layering it with something, temptation sleek and melodious, thick as opium smoke and sweet as perfume.
“No vessel,” Sam agrees. “Kill me. Can't say yes.” Dean shifts up, pulls what he can of his brother's torso onto his lap, holding him close. He can't make this promise, can't go against everything he's done in his life. He protects Sam, watches out for him. If he goes, Dean goes with him.
“So you rush head first into a suicide mission?” The angel balls his hand, shakes his head and turns away a little, like he can't look at Dean, like he's been stabbed in the back and is just now feeling a spreading, trickling warmth start to leak out.
His words stiffen here, voice going lower, gruff with disgust for himself, “Until I drank your blood, I didn’t know who I was. I couldn’t remember. All I knew was hunger. Hunger for pain and despair, and you—”
Adaro. The word curls itself around his tongue, a quiet utterance that leaves his lips pursed, ready to be kissed. It's the only non sequitur in an otherwise normal note.
Cas smiles at this. “You had a lot of my protection, Dean. But you were under his influence, too. Just in a way he couldn't understand.”
“Little egotistical, huh, Winchester?” Dean looks up to a bronze stare that could pin him to a wall. Gabriel stands, but his gaze doesn't shift, doesn't move when he approaches the bed. His vessel isn't intimidating, would strike no fear in Dean's heart if he didn't know what was burning beneath, just below the innocuous surface. He appreciates Gabriel in a new way, the intelligence it would take for an
The house is neat. Everything is in its predictable right place, cups and plates and bowls in the cupboards above the stove, lines in a closet near the small bathroom. It's evidence of nothing, a home that
“For Sam to realize that he has a life worth living. For him to find strength.” Cas says it like he's reading a grocery list, like his brother hasn't been through probably one of the most jarring experiences of his life.
The voice is warm, but the question is serious. He doesn't need to ask who's behind him, who it is that rests a hand on his shoulder and chuckles when he freezes under the gentle touch.
he says, finally. He can say it, isn't afraid of anything anymore because he knows, now, what it is to really lose, to do so without having said the only important thing, the only thing worth saying. And Cas says it back, combs through him , filling and completing, bridging gaps until they're extensions of each other and both feel its permanence. Cas is safety and assurance and a steady, blistering love. Dean is loyalty and passion and companionship. He surrounds himself in Cas, not quite sure if this is real, knows it will be the end of him if it isn't.
“Sam,” He doesn't know how to convince the human, can't show him how his grace shudders and twitched inside over Dean's amnesia, the strange, sick wipe of his presence from the man's mind. “I can take him to the place he'll be the safest. What if it's not just me he forgot?” Castiel sees Dean freezing during a hunt, mouth agape, shock and surprise wringing his lips thin, drawing his eyebrows down. What if Dean's lost everything, hunting instincts included?
The words, delicate as dandelion fluff in the wind, pool in Castiel’s stomach like a rock, though it quickly melts to magma and spreads to his blood, vessels burning.
embracing without arms and though Dean wants to turn away, the grace calls to him, settles over his skin like it belongs there. He runs his fingers through the invisible force, touching the tips to his own cheek, a fizzy trail sparking on the skin there.
“There is no family down here, Sammy,” he hisses, wrenching the blade up and out before bringing his fingers, sticky-red, to his lips, painting them garish, tongue flicking out to taste the blood.
he thinks, trying to attach connotations to the words, the flash of teeth in his smirk, the laughter in amused eyes. But saying those three words, claiming the meaning behind them is terrifying in that he acknowledges all he has to lose, all that could be taken away in the next twenty-four hours. He tries to say it, to get it out but it's locked deep down, a cage without a key.
And then Dean's angle changes as his knees slide fluidly to the ground. His arms stretch out in front of his head. He's in the deepest of bows, forehead flat against the floor. He can't move, can't stray from this position. The god's control is absolute.
Soft, now, light like flower petals on skin, floating weightless in the air. It beckons, asks to be joined, to add his voice and being to the hum already playing inside his mind, a tune that begs to be harmonized. But he remembers the last joy he felt. The distinct before and after of vulnerability, the precipice that love sets you on before sending hurricane winds your way.
Dean makes Bobby let him in the panic room, though the older hunter only complies after Dean agrees to his terms, handing him thick, heavy shackles that secure Sam to the bed, even when he himself seizes and arches off of it, forming a bridge that defies gravity, muscles straining and twitching under feverish, sweating skin. When he plummets back down, body heavy and flopping, Dean's there to catch him, to hold a hand that doesn't grasp back, to look into eyes that move like REM even when open and unseeing. He wants nothing more than to not be here, to not have to see his brother broken and trembling and scared because it's a reflection of him, how he feels inside, and to face it makes it real. Every thrash through Sam's body travels through his, too. They bite their lips bloody with blunt teeth together, though Sam's tongue peeks out to gather the fluid, to bring it back to the cavern of his mouth where he groans around it, eyes rolling back. His eyes open lucidly then, latch onto Dean, who can see that they're mostly obscured by a veil of translucent black.
And he hasn't felt Cas since the night he'd been woken by the angel, and arrived too late to stop Sam from playing right into Ruby's hands. It started right after the field, the strange ability to sense Cas. He thinks of horses, how they know a storm is coming, eyes rolling back into their heads, tails swinging wildly. It's like that, but inside, a rush of adrenaline that makes his hair stand up, that alerts every synapse, sending rapidfire impulses to his spine until he feels like he's vibrating, a reverberation of the angel's power. But he knows he's being watched, because he isn't having nightmares, isn't dreaming at all, falling instead into light comas that leave him strangely achy, like he's missing something important. So he doesn't sleep much, tries to stay up all hours doing what Sam used to do—research. There's so much out there, countless deep dark nasties, and they're just waiting for him to come after them, the legendary Dean Winchester. And he doesn't disappoint. He's a machine, dedicated to what he's good at,
Beside him Anna stiffens, protective Alpha scent washing over her as she tries, and fails, to shield Dean from Castiel's calling. Dean's royalty, Castiel's just being respectful.
Castiel pulls back an inch and looks into Dean's eyes. "Allow yourself to be scared with me. Any fear, any thoughts, let them out with me any time we're alone. I will be your strength, Dean."
"I would say I've handled worse but I saw him freak out about how the sun will be placed on the big day so..."
"But he doesn't take care of the kids, he allows his family to treat them like trash, and he's too immature to handle having a family." Dean argues over the rim of his glass.
"Alright, let's go. Just a couple more steps." Castiel soothes as they pace themselves slowly to the end of the hall. Castiel briefly looks around and notices the open guest bedroom door, he doesn't pay much attention to it.
"Anna. It's nice to meet you, we don't usually get Succubus cases around here." Anna mentions brightly, holding the door open for Dean to step through and they make their way down yet another long hallway.
Castiel has done something to upset Dean. Anytime the two are alone, which is a lot seeing as they are roommates and Castiel's classes mainly require him to work on stuff in their dorm, Dean flushes, head to toe, an angry red colour and he avoids Castiel like the plauge, well, as much as he can in a small space.
"Same old, same old. Sometimes Bess has to watch the kids all night long until I get back from the graveyard shift. Some days it's easy, some days it's not." Garth waves his hands aminatedly and opens his mouth to continue but the elevator comes to a stop and the metal door and iron gate open smoothly. Garth lets out a low whistle at the pearly white hallway they gaze upon. Countless Angels walk, each one doing a different task, their wings a sight that could probably cure sick kids. "These outerworld folk, they're something else."
Dean doesn't wake up from nightmares in a panic; a heavy lump sets in his throat blocking him from screaming, his body lays stiff against the impressionable mattress, and occasionally he can feel the sheets below him go wet with his fear. He doesn't wake up panting with wide eyes and a racing heart; he wakes up disgusted and the blanket protecting him from the cold now makes his body run hot.
"You're just gonna leave her here?" Dean asks once Bradbury turns around and begins walking up the steps to two big, glass doors with white rimming.
Dean leans his head back until it rests on Castiel's shoulder and his back is bent awkwardly as Castiel's cock stretches him. Dean curls his toes when Castiel pinches his nipples which have gone raw from the abuse. He thumbs roughly at his urethra, sliding the pre-cum down his bade as he uses his other hand to grip and tug at his balls.
One of Castiel's hand curls around Dean's hip while the other grasps at the glowing handprint on Dean's left deltoid. Castiel leans down to press his sweaty forehead against Dean's. Grace escapes both of their open mouths, the pale blue life twirls together into a knot and Castiel seals their mouths together, allowing themselves to mix.
Castiel enters the booth before Dean, who plops next to him and raps his fingers along the wood table.
Castiel rises and shucks off his boxers then lowers himself back in position. Castiel's cock bobs and leaks against his stomach, this is new, intimate. Dean's skin is warm and makes Castiel smile stupidly, this contact does something to him. Dean's pubic hair brushes against his taint and if Castiel lays on Dean's chest then his balls would rub against his happy trail and lower stomach.
"Cas," Dean breathes, boxers tightening. There's a rule about this isn't there? What they're doing is unprofessional, wrong. Dean's heart slams against his chest at the thought of it. "Tighter?"
Sam hands him a steaming mug of coffee which takes his gaze away from the hanging frame where it shows Sam down on one knee, at a beach, with Gabriel who has a hand over his mouth. They look happy. Dean believes that he can be like that to; happy.
"So no family to spend Christmas with, huh?" Mary acknowledges sadly. "Well, any friend of Dean's is a friend of ours. Come in! Sam, Eileen, and your father are waiting." Mary ushers before walking back inside.
Dean's mind goes blank with sleep for what he thinks is five minutes before chapped, but soft, lips press against his shoulder.
Mary's mouth opens then closes and her shoulders slump. She tries to grip Dean's hand but Dean stands quickly and walks close to the balcony door.
She leaves before Dean can fully comprehend what she said. Lucifer and Gabriel smile at him approvingly.
"She got eight people in her DMs about Colt's dick, how many did he actually send though?" Dean cringes when he thinks about it.
Castiel rubs his thumb anxiously over the pill bottle cap and concentrates on taking deep, grounding breaths.
Lucifer opens his mouth to protest but is shut down by Dean's glare. Even though Dean hasn't eaten yet, he doesn't have much of an appetite for hunger so he gets his keys from where they hang next to the door and leave into the harsh, winter air.
Sam peers up from under his eyelashes at Dean, a frown on his lips and Dean blinks, hand jerking by his side in a attempt to flight in stead of fight.
Dean looks up at the ceiling. "People like me, we ain't got soulmates. We can't even love ourselves, how are we supposed to love someone who we, inherently, already do?" Dean argues, irritated and his thighs clench and unclench.
Dean looks up at the too familiar house he grew up in and he tries to swallow down the lump around his through; it feels like a ball of blood is sitting there. He could cry.
"Mommy, giving it t-to you, love you, love you so much. I-I love you." a few more weak spurts fill Dean at the confession.
Therapy had been, and still is, terrible. Dean means in a good way, however. Donna is calm and patient with him but stubborn and pushy when need be. Dean still struggles with self-image and thoughts of self-loathing or self-harm but he knew from early on that they would always be there regardless of how much therapy he went to. He is able to be more descriptive when it comes to his feelings, and yeah, he still has bad days. He still snaps at anyone who decides to talk to him whenever they want to know what's wrong, he still ignores Castiel for hours, sometimes days, when they Angel comes forth with another secret he kept from Dean. But it's not as much as before, nowadays he can be level-headed and understanding.
Castiel looks up at Dean, feels its breath go from how gorgeous Dean looks with his flushed cheeks and chest, hair damp and sticking to the base of his neck, wants to say I love you, but doesn't.
Castiel is delicate despite having the teeth of a vampire and the libido of a Incubus, he likes to whisper sweet things in Dean's hear while Dean is milking his cock for the tenth time that night, and he likes to kiss Dean by kissing the corners of his lips before licking his way into Dean's mouth.
Lucifer's scent goes from a wood burning over a crackling fire to nothingness without him moving an inch. Dean chuckles nervously and Dawrin, Dean is just noticing the name tag, looks impressed and also a little fearful. How else would you respond when an Archangel is in your presence?
Dean sits at the edge of the tub watching as the water dances and ripples, it's beautiful blue hue reminding Dean of
Dean startles violently and ducks to the opposite side of the door, placing his back flat against the old wood of the cabin.
"Only Nephlim's can get Father's power, regular Angel's like Naomi wouldn't be able to." Lucifer dismisses.
Dean fists her cock, toes curling. She reaches and grabs Castiel buy his shirt collar. Their sweaty forwards touch and they pant into each other's mouths. The desk beneath Dean shakes but stays solid.
"Wish I could hear you more, your voice is too pretty baby," Dean whispers while spreading, scissoring his fingers in Castiel's ass. He crooks and shakes the digits until–
Dean tightens his legs around Castiel's waist and clenches down hard, "'M gonna–make me come, p-please daddy, lemme come, 'm close, 'm–"
He doesn't bother putting on a jacket atop his layered flannels since it's one of the hotter days in the winter but does shove a pair of leather gloves into his back pocket as he Miracle yanks on the leash in her excitement, jolting Dean from his stiff position.
In a new vessel, a guy by the name of Jimmy, the old one discarded after Lucifer got bored of it. And has been forced to reside in a shabby basement with leaky pipes and a boarded up window.
Dean jerks, hitting his head on the wall behind him and dropping the book from his hands. He isn't sure if it's the oncoming concussion or if he spent too much time reading but the room has darkened considerably; the windows seem to be covered by shadows.
"Heavy," Dean mummers, wiggling his back at the added weight. "Book didn't say nothin' about how fuckin' heavy these things are." he complains and Castiel snorts. The book was given to them by Gabriel after he heard they were beginning their courting. Castiel thinks it's in the same category as What To Expect When You're Expecting, a book that they are going to have to get soon.
"I will get away with this, Dean Winchester, and I suggest you listen to me very carefully before you end up like your brother, Sam, wasn't it?"
The pool is last, Dean doesn't know how that happened when it's the length of the room, lights flicker on automatically from the sides of the pool. Dean notices a hot tub in one of the corners. A shadow moves making the steam shift and blue eyes pin him down. Angel. Seraph, maybe?
Castiel sighs when his sixth orgasm dirties his hand once more and Dean slides pink stretch lace panties, that hold his cock and balls beautifully, over his legs.
He's hard. Of course he is, he can taste the sweetness of pain that Castiel is giving him all in the wrong situation but Christ, he's
"Usually this interview would be over but our time is limited and you are it. Your records are clean and there's no hidden family in Cuba or elsewhere and you show no signs of weakness. We are going to ask you to sign a contract of confidentiality and if you were to break any of the rules or regulations on this contract then we have every right to erase you from this Earth." Anna tilts her head and smiles.
Dean nearly kicks Castiel away from him. "Don't be gross." he complains. It's not the first time someone has called his ass that but it's certainly the first time his cock has twitched over it.
Castiel offers to help Dean put the groceries away but Dean cocks one eyebrow then lifts his eyes towards the living room. "Sit and mingle. I'll be fine." Dean brings a hand to the base of Castiel's neck and scratches the short hairs there. He isn't sure why he does it but Castiel relaxes considerably and his eyes soften. He turns his head and captures Dean's palm with a gentle press of his lips.
Dean snorts then covers his mouth with his hand and laughs behind it. He smells overjoyed and comfortable.
Dean blinks a couple times, heat working it's way from his chest up to the tips of his ears and he juts a hand out to push Castiel away. "I have to change!"
"I want to." Castiel assures. Dean pops open the container of whipping cream and uses the fork to plop it onto the combination. They clink their forks together and start eating.
"Want you to move nice and slow, sugar." Dean grips Castiel's ass and rocks his hips. Castiel groans low in its throat and moves its hips jerkily; his dick is wet with blood and Dean's wetness, pushed between his folds and Castiel wants to
Castiel tilts his head. "I can't promise that I'll make it stop but I can help you figure out where this need to, as you put it, "hump everything" came from, and how to better control it. For that we would need to back track, talk about your childhood, adolescence, and even adulthood."
, he wants to breathe on Dean's bruised skin when Dean's voice hitches and his back arches as Castiel thumbs over his slit.
He'll be sorry for not appreciating the noise and only focusing on the ddarkness then guilty for not appreciating the nose sooner
"Do you think I'm her? That this fat cock," Dean forces their cock down Castiel's throat again and holds his nose. "Is Deans?"
"Still with me?" Dean hums in acknowledgement, head buzzing and body throbbing with every breath he takes. He feels Castiel rub his side lovingly.
Dean ignores her and parks the car across from the snow-covered playground. He leans on Baby's wheel to see two figures loitering around the playground then sighs.
Charlie's a good tour guide. She shows him the in-house dining, breakfast, lunch, and dinner, then to the spa aspect of the joint. They travel through the unisex change rooms, mud, steam, and massage rooms. Dean feels like he's in a fun house. He's breaking out into a cold sweat again and the room sways with him. He forgot he's running on coffee and heated Latin American sweet milk.
And even as he trips over sticks, steps on crunchy leaves and the view in front of him is blurry be because of his tears, Dean still can't help but think back on his letter.
"You know what to call me, baby, know I don't gotta spell it out for you." Dean mummers condensendingly.
Dean grits his teeth and turns his eyes to the road. "You don't know a damn thing about how I feel."
How the fuck didn't he pick the scent up before? It was right there under his nose which means Sam did Leviathan Blossom and Lucifer knew about it.
Castiel doesn't move a muscle, his cock is rapidly softening and the grip he has on Dean's wrists is lax. He doesn't know this feeling. Tears clump his eyelashes together and fear takes over his body.
Castiel grabs Dean by his hair and yanks him up to his knees causing the vibrator to shift and the water in Dean's bladder to slosh around.
The dryer buzzer sounds loudly, jolting Dean away from Castiel causing his back to smack against the wall. A tingle worms it's way up Dean's neck and he presses a hand against his frantic heart.
Dean's eyes flinch at the sudden wetness gathering in his eyes and his eyebrows pinch in annoyance. He can't smell anything. His slick; it smells of
Perspiration gathers under Dean's armpits, a prickling, itching sensation between thick hair makes him twitch and jerk his arms closed by his ribs. Dean shoves his face into a pillow, swallowing thickly a few times to push down the spew rising in his throat and ridding it of dryness. His nose is clogged from last night's snot and his eyes are swollen from tears.
"Did you guys know anybody by the name of Levi?" Lucifer shakes his head and plays with the ring decorating Sam's finger.
"His name is Sam Winchester, an Omega in Glenwood Springs..." Gabriel trails off before he clears his throat. "Your family history looks clean and you seem to not of a speck of dirt on your personal record. We got a quote from your previous boss, Bobby Singer, who called you efficent, hardworking, and stubborn as all hell. You've worked for Bobby Singer for 16 years, any reason why?"
"Dean," Castiel touches his hand softly, his hands are clammy and Dean is glad to know he's not the only one freaking out. "Would you have this dance with me?"
Castiel continues his path of determination causing Dean to sit back against the bed. Castiel lifts the other's legs up and over his shoulders and makes a pained groan. Dean's towel is now bunched at his hips and his cheeks could be used to bake cookies on.
"Yes, mother." Dean mumbles before walking past everyone to get back inside and to his room. When he gets there, Jo and Charlie are arguing over which corset goes best with the dress, one Rowena had up and made him after hearing about the ball, one that had him on a special diet so he could fit into it since he "gained a few pounds." as his father so eloquently put it.
Castiel opens its mouth but Dean's head tips forward and milk splats on the floor from his mouth. Or more yogurt, Castiel thinks, shame crawling up its spine. It should've told Dean that they were out of milk and the only thing left was buttermilk, a great fertilizer that Castiel uses for its plants. That's also two weeks old.
Their décor is a comforting mixture of white and cream with either mint green or cobalt décor for a pop of color. Their kitchen had to be the most expensive part of the house seeing as Castiel was very determined to cook.
"You don't! You don't get it!" Lucifer snaps, fisting at his hair. "I'm lost without Sam. He always supported me, always. Despite us both being Omegas, he still accepted my courting. He accepted me and my shitty addiction and, and now—" Lucifer lets out a teary laugh. "He's gonna die. And my brother, my little brother who I never gave the fucking time of day to, is going to be gone soon. So no, you don't get it."
"Do you want Chinese food or something?" he gestures to the small section of food trucks that their walking towards.
They made it this far. The whole Mommy thing was new but it was always welcome, Cas knows that. Dean leans back in their chair.
"Ms. Nov–Dean? Are you alright?" Naomi glances over her shoulder as the redhead steps closer to Dean. The Omega is still bent over, hands clenches by his knees as he controls his breathing.
"It'll disturb the balance. If someone's taken out of Heaven, Father will know. She'll probably kill him after she's done with him anyway and he'll end up here." Lucifer stops in his tracks and arches his wings in warning, their towering presence makes Dean think about Castiel's own. Do they still tower like Lucifer's? What colour are they? How weak do they look now?
"Dean?" Mary calls through the door before she pushes it open and Dean scrambles to hide it under his makeup bag.
Castiel sighs and sits on a wood bench outside of the restaurant, allowing the cool air to relax him. A pair of heels click on his left before coming to a stop right at the bench.
as Dean likes to call it. Dean gives Castiel notecards about his friends so it can study it and not feel left out or uncomfortable.
"So how about you join us? We all want the same thing; Naomi far from the world as fucking possible. And when Castiel takes his rightful place, we can work on getting Leviathans a proper place on Earth." Dean bargains despite Lucifer looking at his like he's grown two heads.
"What do I do?" Castiel ruts his cock against Dean's hips, his knot hot from where it pulses in the middle of them. Castiel makes a curious noise when Dean slips his hand between their bodies to touch tentatively at his leaking hole.
Anna sighs. "Daddy likes to bend the rules for Castiel so that might not be a problem but, if you would like a
There's a moment of silence before a soft click of his bedroom door closing and Miracle's muffled bark through the thick wood.
"But–yeah, I capiche." Charlie pouts. Dean shrugs off his jacket, it smells of Angels and snow, and throws it on Charlie's lap then gets out of the car and starts walking towards the playground.
"Nice to meet you, Dean Winchester. I'm Castiel Novak and I will be your therapist, you can call me Castiel if that's comfortable with you." Castiel, a odd name when Dean thinks about it, is big. Dean doesn't mean body wise, if anything he seems like it would hurt to lift up a crate, he means aura wise. Castiel seems very, Dean's eyes flicker down then back up and his cock twitches in his pants,
Castiel's legs are shaking when he rises, droplets of cum leak from his urethra onto the hardwood floor, and there's a definition on his thighs; muscle that makes it look like Castiel used to be a runner or a swimmer but that's not what Dean's paying attention too. It's the repetitive pulsing going from his thighs up to the dip and curve of his hips. Veins maybe?
"I'm good, thanks." he says, like a fucking liar. The person beside Sam nudges him slightly. Sam sits up straight and grins, "Uh, Dean, this is my fiancée, Gabriel. Gabriel this is my brother, Dean."
Dean's had four glasses of non-alcoholic champagne, one for each Alpha who's stared at him like he's a piece of meat, and he's tempted to sneak out and steal his father's good whiskey.
"I think we should stop here, you've received and given a lotta information today. We're making progress." Donna says softly. Dean slowly gets up, mind still processing.
Incomplete Burning: a punishment that I made up that is essentially used for a mated pair when one or both are suspected of a crime. The burning of the mating bond kills the burned and leaves the other alone until they eventually kill themselves. John did this with the intent of making Dean feel suicidal and dependent on him since John did imprint on him as his Alpha since that's his dad.
"I should–sorry guys, I have to go." Cassie leaves the booth so Dean can exit. Dean is halfway to the hotel when he feels a hand pull on his arm.
"Get me a beer, boy." John knocks his empty beer glass against Dean's temple roughly, making the younger jump and rub at his temple. Dean counts how many droplets of condensation are on the bottle as he hands John the bottle without looking up.
The door to the shed creaks open and Dean curses, dropping his cigarette, the last one he had found buried in his laundry, onto the frosted floor and waving away the smoke that escapes from his mouth during his coughing fit. His shoulders hunch and he wraps the thin blanket around himself from the cold breeze and tiny bit of snow that flows in.
Castiel's gaze lingers on where Dean's hand lies before he draws his eyes back up. "That's exciting! What's your bakery called?"
Dean rubs his socked feet together. "Somethin' could happen if I go over it. Like, if I go over seven then I can't drink coffee the next day or something bad happens."
"D-daddy," Dean chokes out, tightening his legs around Castiel's waist. Both their erections hard and leaking; Dean's precum sticks to his belly while Castiel's smears against Dean's hole.
Dean clamps his thighs around Castiel's hips as he cries out and marks the inside of his panties. Castiel is still moving inside of him, gentle and calm like Dean's slick hasn't stained his thighs and cock and the grass below them; like Dean's slick doesn't make his cock twitch every time he pushes deeper inside Dean's warmth; like it doesn't make him want to go
Dean's hackles raise and he snatches his arm back before plopping down with a huff and taking another lung full of smoke.
There's some families that Dean are familiar with; the Trans, the Moseleys, the Banes. They walk up to him with kind smiles and knowing eyes yet leave him to go mingle like it's some sort of casual mixer.
Dean prays that he doesn't go out like this, but damn it wouldn't be so bad if he did. He slides his fingers through the mess of lube and precum before reaching around and rubbing it against Castiel's twitching hole.
The two walk up the porch in sync. Castiel intertwines their fingers together and Dean feels his nerves settle enough to the point where he can open the door.
Castiel lifts up his dress shirt to look down between them; his hips won't stop, they're red from where they meet with Dean's and the pleasure that swirls so deep in his stomach that he feels like he has to pee.
Castiel walks closer to him, his feet coming to step between Dean's smaller ones and Dean takes an instinctive step back. They continue this dance until the back of Dean's knees hit his bed and he falls back against the sheets.
Castiel fucks into his hand while also slamming down on Dean's cock, groaning. Fuck, shit, he's close, oh fuck,
Dean covers his eyes with the crook of his elbow and tenses then relaxes his fist. Castiel is speaking to him. Castiel is trying to
Castiel continues to lick Dean's neck until his movements grow sloppy and sleepy. He tightens his arm around Dean.
In the show Miracle is male but played by Lexi, a female dog. Kinda weird that they changed it but whatever, Miracle will be female in this book.
Dean's cheeks heat and he inches his legs apart slowly, too slow in Castiel's opinion because he grips one of Dean's ankles and pushes it till Dean's knee is touching his ear.
Castiel's scared. He thinks he'll always be scared when it comes to Dean, when it comes to them, but that's fine. Dean is it for him and they didn't need to be made mates for him to know that. That's why he was fearful, that Dean was only with him because of the bond but it's more than that. He knows that now. He imagines that he always knew that.
"Dean Winchester," Cain notes, his tone bored and uninterested. His head turns to the side slowly and he looks up and down Dean's body slowly. "I didn't know I'd be seeing my descendent so soon."
Dean is only two steps into his apartment before Miracle is circling around him and hot tears start sliding down his cheeks.
"Sugar coated apples, content but your apples are also sour so you're a little sad. Your fear smells of leather and–"
It's a challenge. The Novaks are the most powerful family as well as the first Angel's directly connected to God himself.
Dean swallows and closes his eyes. "S-Sam," he rasps, inhaling shakily. "Sammy!" he hollers, ignoring how hot his cheeks have gotten because of the tears sliding down his face; ignoring how his cock is throbbing from where it's cupped in Dean's hands, stained with his earlier release.
Devil's ivy looks up with a frown in between his brows and looks Castiel up and down. "You were hopin' for a pretty girl to show up or what?"
Castiel stares at the above average dick in front of him and his ears burn at the thought of having it in his mouth. "I've never." Castiel gestures awkwardly towards Dean then looks away, embarrassed.
Dean sighs, thumbing the pages before his finger brushes against something sticking out between the pale pages. Dean frowns, gazing at it with caution before pulling at it until it slips free from the paper.
Charlie glares pointedly at Gabriel. "Wait in the living room. We didn't throw away any of the clothes from your apartment but they did stink of cigarettes so we washed them. They're set on your bed." Charlie nods her goodbye and pushes Gabriel out of the bathroom.
"My doctor gave me some unfortunate news; I haven't been feeling the best this week and it seems that I have a small case of Soulmate Rejection. They believe that it will most likely worsen over time but gave me some medication to lessen the pain."
Dean's eyes widen a fraction before he bobs his head once then stands up straight. "Listen. I'm transgender, if you got a problem with that then you can fuck right off and find another roommate. I ain't afraid to deck you."
"I do too." Dean admits lowly. "I feel like I don't have the time to be sad about what happened, other people have been through worse, what space do I have to complain?"
"She seemed so, mad? I realize now that she must'a realized who I really was, what I was capable of doing, because she had an Angel Blade and I was, coming. I–my dick was so hard and I just–I couldn't stop because it felt
"The book in your hand looks interesting." Nordic's eyes flicker to Dean's white-knuckled grip. Dean looks down at it, as if he'd forgotten it was there, and balances it on his legs.
It's quiet but full at the same time. Patrons sit at the bar and drink or mingle, someone's asleep at the pool table, and Dean feels like fainting. Classical rock plays from the speakers, some of which Dean can name off the top of his head, it loosens him some. He wrings his hands in his pockets as he continues to walk.
Crunching leaves can be heard in the distance, along with the intimating snarl and growl and sniff of the air.
Castiel uses his free hand to run his finger up and down the column of Dean's throat; his mate's voice has gone hoarse and raw from it's constant use.
"Castiel! I'm glad you could make it." Chuck's smile is bright and all knowing. Castiel unbuttons his suit jacket as he walks to the chair next to his father. He throws the coat over the back of the chair and sits down.
"Charlie, you were meant to bring the Omega to the living room. Not ask him questions about who shot first in Star Wars." a woman with bouncy, blonde hair chastises before kissing Charlie on the cheek.
"Take your cock out 'n put it between my thighs." Dean instructs gently, lewdly, cheeks red with arousal. Castiel pushed its boxers underneath its balls and shuffles closer to Dean, shivering at the heat he feels radiating from Dean. Dean closes his legs, gasping at Castiel's cock sliding against his clitoris.
Dean groans. They don't live together so Dean isn't even sure if what happened to Castiel during his drop. It must've been horrible, especially since Castiel said the forbidden word. When they first started, Castiel was shunned from anything involving sex since he was a child and starting at twenty-five with that type of trauma beat into you will definitely do some damage.
"I think I might be non-binary." Castiel deflects, setting down his half full spray bottle of water down on the desk.
Dean's breath catches in his throat. He lifts his hips and shimmies out of his sweatpants and boxers down to the middle of his thighs and Castiel pulls them off the rest of the way.
Dean turns around, tilting his head up, just the slightest, and eyes widening at the nordic ones staring back at him. Dean blinks a few times, eyes skimming over Castiel's form appreciatively.
The thing is, he thought Castiel was going to be it for him. It's stupid, he knows, but Castiel is different, not like him but just, different. They didn't have to have sex or even mate, Dean just liked being around him and hoped that Castiel felt the same.
"Color?" Castiel asks again, leaning back on his heels and spreading Dean's thighs over his lap. Dean's balls jump with his cock and he keens, "'S green, Daddy."
A soft knock on the door has Dean biting back the words and turning his head so he can stare back up at the ceiling.
"For fucks sakes," he groans, rubbing at his tender back. He pats around his sheets until his knuckles knock against something firm and he pulls it from underneath his covers.
"I spent years trying to figure out how to be me while I was her. Didn't help that my dad was a dick without'a lick'a sense. I just, knew. Knew that I wanted my body to be different, knew that I wanted how people perceived me to be different but I also didn't want to fully change me, ya know? 'S why I just got top surgery and never bottom surgery. Didn't want it anyway, 'm happy knowin' I discovered myself." Dean ends with a happy flush takes a long sip of coffee.
Dean's nose flares. It smells like oranges. Daddy doesn't smell like oranges. Daddy smells like cigarettes, off brand one's that he'd make Dean go buy after Dean picked up the wrong pack the first time but forgave him after a blowjob. Daddy smells like the cheap whiskey mom always buys that rubs off of Dean's body when daddy kisses him. Daddy doesn't smell like oranges.
"'S enough, c'mon, nice 'n easy." Dean spreads his legs a little more and Castiel slides its tip between Dean's folds, letting out shaky little breaths as it does so.
Dean's thighs quiver and his toes curl. "'S good, Cas," Dean exhales, slurred and sluggish. "Eatin' me out s-so good,
Jess tells Larissa that she was right about Colt along; how he had other women, how he was using her to make Larissa jealous, and how he sent girls pictures of his dick.
"I see the color pink almost everyday, that doesn't mean I don't appreciate your beauty in that dress." Nordic's eyes are shining with mirth and Dean gapes before ducking his head with a small smile.
Castiel cups Dean's freckled cheeks. "Will you tell me how you're feeling?" Dean hums, his cheeks warm, and his eyes brighten at the gentle contact.
Dean reaches then stops short, the woman's blonde pony tail swayed as she shook her head. "Nope. You reached, now you gotta go for it, it's okay." she nods her head towards the box and Dean pulls one out. He toys with the powder before eating it.
Crowley would've told him a new tenant was moving in. Dean purses his lips and takes his key out of the hole, rethinking his false assumption. Crowley, the slimy bastard, wouldn't have told him anything.
Dean spares a glance at Castiel, who's jaw is locked and gaze firmly locked on the side of Cassie's face. If looks could kill.
The sun is at nautical dusk when Alpha start walking inside the Ballroom. Some have wings, others have tails, but most have horns; curved, straight, large, black or colorful. Dean feels like he's feel into a kaleidoscope.
Castiel goes to argue but Dean waves his hand dismissively and nudges Castiel's leg with the ball of his foot.
"Pain in the fuckin' ass." Dean mutters as he gently washes under his balls and between his cheeks while using his other hand to cup lazily at his leaking erection. Three pumps later and a firm press against his hole has Dean sighing quietly into open air, cum splattering between his fingers.
"You'd really wanna spend it with me? I'm new you know, not even that high up in the ranks and I really wanna give you boys a good time." Dean purrs, a low sultry little noise and winds his hands up the heated skin on Dee's arm, batting his eyelashes at Dum.
As soon as John passes past Castiel, Dean slides to the floor and bites into the collar of his shirt as a wheezing sob leaves his body.
A heart stuttering knock on the door has Dean looking sharply at Lucifer with a questioning gaze. Lucifer nods his head once and Dean takes a steadying breath before opening the door.
"I'll talk to Benny. You should talk to Charlie, she's good with computers, maybe find some stuff on where he was." Lucifer instructs despite making no move to get up.
If Dean hadn't already drank half a cup of this liquid addiction, he imagines he would be more frightened. Dean is about to go for another sip when he hears it.
"I got you, Cas." Dean guides them to the bathroom and closes the doors for a sense of privacy then they both stand between the sinks and the tub.
"It's taken me a long time to become like this: to breathe when I'm feeling like my lungs won't work, to find sensory objects when I'm panicking, to talk. You act like the me from a couple months ago and I can't date another me, Cas."
When Castiel walks into their dorm after messing with the community garden, its bedroom door is open and it can see shuffling on the bed and low whining.
"Doesn't sound like you want to help." Dean points out Benny's sour tone. Benny holds the bud between his lips then knocks the box against his palm for another one and hands it to Dean.
"But you're twenty-two now, you're lucky your father didn't make you do this at sixteen like a true traditionalist." Charlie says as she walks back with a pair of baby blue suede pumps.
It makes Dean feel overwhelmed with light, makes him shuts his eyes tighter, and a shaky gasp to escape when he feels a warm tendril graze his body.
Dean vaguely wonders if Sam can remember his mother's smell; if he can remember Dean's from when they were kids and had the burden of innocence strapped to their chests and the false presence of happiness under their noses.
"Fuck, Omega." Castiel hisses, using his thumb to spread the skin around Dean's rim. "Such a pretty pink." he groans, cock throbbing as the heat intensifies. Dean's legs tremble in his grip and he covers his mouth with the back of his hand as a small knot begins to form as the base of his cock; clear precum dribbles onto his lower stomach and Dean keens loudly as Castiel grinds his knot into him.
"Your mom is coming." Castiel whispers Dean straightens out, suddenly sober, and turns back into Castiel's arms.
Dean falls down on the bed with a grunt. With his eyes closed, Dean rolls until he rests on his stomach with his hands underneath the pillow. Exhausted from therapy, Dean lets sleep take him.
The house is nice. Looks like IKEA threw up in here but it's nice, makes Dean feel happy his brother was able to find someone to, mate with? He's not sure how Angel dating works.
"Did you notice how you said the kingdom first?" Dean snarks, his mouth pulling into an impolite sneer as he thinks of the upcoming event.
There's a darkness inside of him. Heavy and it makes his body uncomfortably hot, every movement of his body feels sluggish and he wishes for Death. For The Empty. He apologizes for giving up so easily to the human who doesn't know that he loves them.
"I think that if I turn around to look at you I might throw up." Dean says so quietly that Castiel almost can't hear him over the rain.
"That's still a huge improvement. I'm sure your brother is proud. Did you have sex with the people in your rehab?"
Dean's heart stings at that. Don't get him wrong, he's glad Jo found her soulmate when they were teens but he's jealous. He doesn't think that he'll over stop being jealous.
"You got the front?" Jo gestures to the register and Dean waves his hand in a lazy affirmation as he closes the journal and pushes it to the side.
Dean's breath hitches, his cheeks redden, and his heart stutters in his chest. So that's where the pond gets its colour.
Opening the door, Dean toes off his shoes and peels off his clothing, letting them pool to the floor, before trudging to the bed.
His grace grows dimmer every time Lucifer takes from him, his mind grows hazy and his radio has been covered in dust for a long while.
Dean raises his arms to wrap around Castiel's neck, bringing him down for a chase kiss on the lips; Dean coax Castiel's mouth open to nip and lick into his mouth, wrapping his tongue messily around Castiel's. Castiel shifts, his knees coming up beside Dean's hips and rests Dean's thighs over his own before he grinds his erection against Dean's.
Dean's heart is about ready to jump out his throat. He always thought about–he never would've guessed that he would be able to see–
"Are you gonna pop the big question?" Castiel watches Dean throw his head back while laughing and his heart skips a beat.
Dean uses his rag to clean up the mess, deciding he might as well wash it along with everything else, before finding his last pair of clean boxers and tugging them over his legs. He bothers to find one of Sam's old shirts and put it on, the fabric brushing over the tops of his thighs.
"Collar?" Dean asks shyly. Castiel kisses Dean's forehead before he snaps his fingers, too sated and tired to get up, for the collar to hang loosely on his finger. Castiel buckles it around Dean's throat and nuzzles it, smiling at Dean's laugh. He shifts them around into a more comfortable position, he makes sure Dean's wings are tucked carefully, and runs a hand up and down Dean's spine until their breathing evens out.
Dean isn't sure when he blacked out but when he comes too, mind fuzzy and limbs weak, his head is on Castiel's naked thigh and Castiel is stroking his hair gently, singing praises in his ear. Dean blinks groggily and hisses at the dull aches in his body.
"I missed you." and shit, that's not what he wanted to say. Sam's smile falters, his eyes turn sad. "I missed you too. I never left, Dean, not willingly."
"Dance. I watched a lot of movies where people would often dance during their birthdays." Castiel sounds proud in his answer and the scent of happy Alpha wraps around Dean.
Eventually, he makes it to the washroom and sure enough the tub is filled with water. A swell of appreciation grows in Dean's heart at the sight of it.
Sam, hair ruffled and eye bags red and dark, sat up with his knees to his chest as he sits there, shaking. His mouth moves over in a repeated motion if Lucifer's shortened name.
Castiel's movements are clumsy, awkward, and innocent and Dean leads with confidence. He licks and nips at Castiel's lips, causing moans and soft gasps to escape between them.
The sun is just beginning to rise from civil dawn when Dean walks out of his washroom, a heavy whoosh of apple scented steam finally being freed from confinement. Dean's body is flushed a heated pink and he towels himself off gently.
Blood pumps loudly in Dean's ears and his knees go weak at the overpowering scent the Angel gives off. His Omega makes his mind go dizzy with want and slick dampens his underwear, dripping down his taint to coat his balls uncomfortably.
I've been thinking and I don't think sex scenes really fit in this story. I will be taking out some tags related to anything sexual. ( there will be some near the end of the story though )
Dean rolls his shoulders back and turns to walk to the connected washroom (that's unnecessarily fancy, if Dean's being honest). He finds a couple of scentless towels and puts one over the stool next to the tub then turns the handles to get the faucet (why does it have wings?) running.
Dean rubs at his eyes tiredly before rolling out of bed and tugging on a pair of boxers he suspects are clean and loose fitting clothing rather than his common jeans and flannel. He also doesn't bother with his heavy boots and instead opts for a pair of fluffy house slippers. Miracle watched him curiously, her ears lifting and dropping and head tilting side to side.
"It's a response. A very human response that was unfortunately abused through trauma. It doesn't mean anything."
A hand slides up his shirt and rests on his lower back. His eye twitches but he smiles, a fake, practiced one and, because he's a masochist, says "Sure,"
He stares down at the wings, waiting for a response. Unsurprisingly, they don't speak but Castiel knows the answer.
Dean bites back a coo at the quotations Castiel does. He really is Dean's type. He wonders if Castiel's a top or bottom.
"Is that what you really want?" Castiel's voice is different, hesitant and doubting of Dean's words. Dean looks up.
They make conversation, well, Mary and Dean do, Castiel doesn't feel the need to talk so it doesn't but Dean still hands it a notepad and a pen just in case. Castiel wants to tell him it loves him but doesn't.
"I love you too." Daddy rumbles, kneading the fat in his hands. Dean exhales shakily and buries his face in Daddy's neck. He's too old to be this lovesick.
"Tub. Can we?" Castiel asks tentatively. Dean reaches over to turn on the faucet. He allows Castiel to get in first once the water is warm, Castiel's back toward the wall so Dean still can't see it. Dean gets him next, hesitant but Castiel reassures him with a small smile.
"It was meant to be a gift for my last partner, they didn't take kindly to it." Castiel explains shortly with a small shrug.
"Shit, Dean" Castiel groans, mouthing at Dean's scent gland and sinking his teeth into it as he spills inside of Dean. In the distance, he can hear a few branches fall from trees and he can see the water out of the corner of his eye glow brightly.
He wants that naïve, bright-eyed love that'd keep him up at nights and make his heart stutter. Maybe he's asking for too much.
"I love you." he settles on instead, because it's too soon for them. He wants to do this correctly. He wants to show Dean how much he's changed.
Dean's fingers tighten momentarily and he shuffles impossibly closer to Castiel, hooking their ankles together. Castiel uses his thumb to stroke the handcuff around Dean's wrist, sending him a concerned look which Dean ignores.
Dean moves his hand idly in the water before nodding. "But I want to fall in love with them, I don't want to be friends and pretend lovers," he smiles sadly. "I'm asking for too much."
Castiel's chest heaves with a silent sob and he nods, swallowing around the dick in his throat. He's gonna puke, he's gonna puke, he's gonna–
"Got it. Is it about that Cas guy?" Sam asks as he follows Dean upstairs and to the back of the house.
"Take off the rest for me?" Dean leans back with his arms supporting him and his legs spread as the bunched up dress rests on his hips. Castiel lets go of Dean's thighs and reaches, with shaky hands, to the bundled fabric and carefully pulls it down Dean's thighs. Dean lifts his hips up to ease the process, smirking down at Castiel on his knees.
"Mr. Winchester, please take a seat." Castiel gestures to the available chair in front of the desk. Dean clears his throat before hesitantly taking a seat.
"I definitely want to be the reason he gets his licence taken away." Dean mutters under his breath as the bell chimes and a steady trickle of customers start coming in.
Something warm and damp falls on Dean's thumb and he rubs at his eyes aggressively. "I don't fuckin' know."
Nordic must've had something to do with it. Dean presses his hands against his cheeks to stop himself from smiling.
"It's unnecessary. We don't enjoy it." Lucifer shrugs walking up a couple of stairs then turning into a hall with plants hanging on from the ceiling and stopping at a foggy, glass panel door with black lining.
"Sam m'a parlé." Dean busies himself by playing with the hem of his panties; a dark orange lace this time, only because he wasn't expecting Castiel come to bed so soon.
