He lifted his eyes, setting them on an abandoned barn a few hundred yards away. Taking a deep breath, he made his way through the field and over to the barn, walking inside of it.
“Yeah.” Dean nodded. He paused for a second. “But I’ll go by myself. Just in case. Besides, you got research to do.”
“Of course not. You can stay for a week if you like. Looks like you need it.” Jacob looked him up and down. “What’ve you been up to?”
“What was the Goddamn point of this!?” Sam yelled, spit spewing from his mouth. “How the fuck is he supposed to fight Lucifer as a fucking corpse you winged assholes?!”
As he left the truck stop that night, even though he was still tired and weak, he came to the aid of a scrawny prostitute who worked the lot, protecting her from a hostile client.
Dean smiled back at her, self-consciously pulling his sleeves down further over his wrists. Much to his relief, the little girl ran up the aisle to sit with her mother.
“I’m not talking about exorcisms,” Judas said bluntly, shaking his head. “I’m talking of the Apocalypse. The rise of Satan and the war that will come along with it.”
Castiel watched Sam carefully. “Be careful, Sam.” There was caution in Castiel’s voice. “Envy, no matter how insignificant, doesn’t suit you.”
“Sammy. I know you’re still in there. You gotta listen to me, okay?” Dean’s voice shook as he picked himself up off the floor. “Whatever it is you’re planning on doing with Lilith, don’t do it. There’s more goin’ on here then you realize.”
It was enough. More than enough and Dean was starting to feel the heat because of it. The same heat that coursed through his veins when he laid a healing hand upon someone or exorcised a demon, the fire and lightning under his skin. Now the heat had turned into smoldering embers.
Wincing, Dean pressed his hand reflectively to his chest, staring down at it.  “Enochian sigils.” He took a deep breath. “To hide me from Lucifer. Right?”
This chapter is a work of historical and biblical fiction. It contains portrayals of first-century Israel, late second temple Judaism and various narrative threads from the Christian gospels. What follows is my attempt at coalescing history, Jewish mythology, Christian mythology and Supernatural's own mythology into a narrative that works within a historical reality and within the confines of the universe I have sculpted from Supernatural’s own. Though I have researched to the best of my ability, I am not a historian or theologian and, most importantly, the culture and religion I am writing about is not my own.  All of my information has come from external sources.
Dean hadn’t eaten anything. Though he was hungry, his hunger—ever so slowly—was starting to go away.
Sam’s fingers drummed against the bottle. “I should have said something, I know. It was dumb of me not to. Dean made that pretty clear last night.” Sam took another sip before putting the bottle back down on the table.
“No.” Jesus shook his head. “I have my own doubts and they grow larger with each passing day.” He walked over to the ledge and sat down next to Judas. “In the two years since I was Chosen, Hashem has never spoken to me. Not once.” He looked down at his right hand. Once caked thick in calluses; it had long since been smoothed. “I can feel Him, but there is only silence. That silence is the worst part.”
“Aside from the nails tugging on my wrists and ankles every time I breathe? I’m doin’ alright.” Dean winced through a forced smile as Sam rewrapped his feet. He shrugged. “Better than last night, anyway.”
“I know what he’ll have to do, Anna. It’s Our Father’s Will. It’s not our place to question Dean’s destiny.” Castiel paused. “Perhaps you’re letting your sympathies… your
Castiel’s hand slipped into the slit of his boxers. The touch and heat of his palm and fingers wrapping around him.
Jesus watched Judas leave. After a moment he stood from the table and followed him. Leaving the room, he found Judas sitting on the ledge of the second-floor walkway, his feet dangling over the side and his back against one of the support arches, a goatskin filled with wine in hand.
“Yeah. Why not?” Dean shrugged, polishing off his drink. “There’s one about two miles down the road. Saw it driving back from the liquor store. We can cross that one off the list.”
“Well, the Odor of Sanctity—the smell of flowers—is one. Wounds that won’t respond to medical care and will remain open and bleeding, but don’t fester. Blood that’s always bright red and fresh. Loss of appetite for anything but the Sacred Host. Usually the stigmatic will be deeply pious and have great sympathy for Christ and His suffering. ” Father Frati shifted in his chair as he took another sip from his tea. “But I’m sure you knew all that already from your research.”
The hunt ended with a salt and burn. The biggest hurdle for the brothers had been finding the unmarked grave in the Puritan cemetery on the outskirts of town. It had been a pretty typical hunt for the brothers,
When Jesus wasn’t yelling at his brother, he was praying. Half spoken prayers of sorrow, anger—and most of all—fear. Fear that shook his entire body. Castiel could smell the blood Jesus was sweating.
Dean’s body was motionless, save for the trembling. His eyes locked on the sickening grin that spread across Alastair’s face. This wasn’t going to end. Alastair was going to do this to him, over and over again, for as long as it took, until he said “yes”.
:: Obstetric ultrasonography began to be used in American prenatal care during the mid 1970's and was standard practice by the early 1980's. Mary's pregnancy with Dean occurred right on the cusp of this so there's a slight bit of artistic license and assumption on my part.
“Yeah. I guess.” Dean drummed his hand on the top of the Impala for a moment before climbing into the driver's seat.
“Simon just spoke out loud what everyone else in town already thinks.” Jesus paused. “Maybe they’re right.”
“Shit,” he hissed as the needle slipped out of his blood-caked fingers for the second time in a row.
” Zachariah said. “But even if you were, Michael can’t inhabit your corpse. He needs all of you. The whole package. Body
“Well, I’ll be.” Jacob chuckled, opening the door wider. “I barely even recognized you. How long has it been since I saw you last?”
Two hours later Sam pulled Bobby’s driveway, the tank nearly empty because he didn’t dare stop for gas. He darted around to Dean’s door, opening it and walking Dean out. Sam closed the door with a hard slam that made Dean wince and shoot him a look of worry while they limped up the stairs of Bobby’s porch.
Simon took a couple steps forward, standing next to Judas. “Some have claimed that you’re a prophet and, possibly, even the Messiah.”
An eerie calm washed over Dean as the sound of Sam’s panicked mumblings became utter silence. Silence, save for the familiar sound of flapping wings.
Sam squatted down in front of Dean. “You know, rumor has it that you broke the first seal because Alastair hung you on a tree.” He laughed, vicious and mocking. “What was the matter? The cross hit a little too close to home for you?”
Even though Dean was laying on the floor and Sam did his best to hide them with the towel, Dean could see that Sam‘s hands had red burn welts on them.
Dean shook the man’s hand, gripping it tight. “Thank you for yours.” Dean’s grip lingered as he patted the man on the shoulder before he finally let go, an anxious smile spreading across his face. As soon as his hand was free, Dean darted into the parking lot.
“Thank you.” Susan smiled. “We’re due in April. We’re changing the guest room over to a nursery right now so if you don’t mind the smell of paint, you can sleep in there.”
to have faith. In a world where monsters and demons dwelled in basements and back alleys, a world where they dwelled within
“A mega church?” Sam scoffed as he looked at Dean, laying on his bed and watching Die Hard on the hotel room’s television with a glass of whiskey in his hand. “
When he reached the Impala, Dean popped open the trunk, grabbing one of his duffle bags from it. He pulled the contents out of it and replaced them with a first aid kit, a spare pair of jeans, a couple of shirts, a few pairs of socks, and basic toiletries.
The rabbi watched Jesus for a second. He nodded, cautiously. “Countless other young men have claimed the same. You’re just old enough to remember Judah of Gamla’s revolt and how much bloodshed
Sam jerked his body away from him. He shook his head, sobbing while he sank on to the table. “I can’t do this again, Bobby! I can’t!”
of that.” Zachariah smirked. “Even if you’re dead we can still use you to fill the pews and fratricide is one of the company’s tried and true narratives. Upper Management won’t even have to alter much, unlike the last time you rebelled.”
Once he was done making the circle, Dean placed the salt back in the bag and sat down on the floor, folding his legs.
:: Emperor Constantine, also known as Constantine The Great, was a Roman Emperor who reigned from 306–337 CE. He decriminalized Christianity within the Roman Empire via The Edict of Milan, convened The First Council of Nicea where Christian doctrine was agreed upon and transitioned Christianity into the official state religion of the Roman Empire. According to tradition, during the Battle of the Milvian Bridge, he received a vision of the Chi Rho with the phrase "In this sign you will conquer.” He had the symbol painted on his battle standards and after he won the battle, converted to Christianity.
“Cas...” Dean brushed his thumb against Castiel’s lips, wiping the blood. Castiel pulled the tip of Dean’s thumb into his mouth, biting down gently.
He reveled in the smoke filling his veins. He missed the blood. He craved it. He needed it. The taste of it on his tongue was better than anything Sam had ever known.
Sam raised his hand. The wooden doors swung open, revealing an empty chapel. The only thing left inside was a marble altar.
“Pretty much, yeah.” Dean sighed, his gaze lowering to the floor. “Cas said they were… ‘cleansing’ me of my time downstairs.”
::The tarot reading was done in a spread of ten in a pattern that is often referred to as the Celtic Cross; one of the most basic of tarot card spreads.  The cards go as such:  1.) The Present.  2) The Immediate Challenge. 3) The Distant Past. 4.) The Most Recent Past.  5).The Best Outcome. 6.) The Immediate Future. 7.) Factors Effecting the Situation. 8.) External Forces. 9.) Hopes/Fears Surrounding the Situation. 10 The Final Outcome.
Though Dean hoped more than anything that it was Ruby and not Sam who had planned the crucifixion, it didn’t matter. The intention was all the same. It was pointed and personal.  A blend of blasphemy and mockery meant to torment Dean as much as torture him.
“You know…the wounds Jesus received when the Romans crucified him?” Bobby walked into his study, returning with a dust-covered Bible in hand. He pulled a yellowed prayer card from it, placing it in front of Dean. It bore an image of the crucifixion. “Crown of thorns, scourging, nails.” Bobby glanced at Sam before setting his eyes on Dean. “A spear.”
“I— I don’t hurt anymore.” She sat there in awe, wiping tears away before she reached over and wrapped her arms around Dean’s waist. “Thank you.”
:: All four canonical gospels depict Jesus as healing the blind, often on multiple occasions. The Healing of A Blind Man Near Jericho occurs in all three of Synoptic Gospels, though the account varies slightly between the three. The Gospel of Mark gives the man a name ("Bartimaeus") while The Gospel of Luke does not. In The Gospel of Matthew, Jesus heals two blind men, also unnamed. The Gospel of John depicts Jesus healing a man born blind.
“Shit,” Sam hissed. Without saying another word, he shoved the phone into his pocket as he ran out of the house.
“Don’t remind me.” Dean sighed, picking the tree back up and dragging it into Bobby’s study. He lifted it upright.
The voice, the strikes and the pain they brought with them, finally ceased, and Dean found himself curled up in the fetal position, screaming, trembling, his back engulfed in pain that was vicious and all-encompassing. Pulsing, throbbing pain.
the resurrection. Jesus’ soul reborn. Dean had told Bobby that much during their fishing trip. The same was likely true of Dean.
The flapping of wings filled the room. Dean’s eyes snapped open, finding Castiel standing in the center of the room.
The priest nodded. “It’s a good one to have.” He watched Dean carefully. “You know, I’ve been serving this parish for fifty years. I don’t think I’ve seen you here before.”
Jesus made sure to carve the Seal of Solomon into each of the tree trunks. By the time he made it back to camp, most the Apostles were asleep.
Sam considered rolling the window down slightly to air the car out, but he decided against it. The chilled October air would make Dean colder than he already was and would no doubt cause him to stir again.
For Dean, the sound was always the worst part. He’d gotten used to the sensation of pain, but the sound of it was something he could never become accustomed to. The sizzle of metal against his charring flesh, the scrape of a knife as it sliced away layers of his skin, the squish of his organs, the slow crack of his fingers as they were broken, one by one.
"Yeah.” Dean cleared his throat. “Anyway, I’m gonna get the hell outta Dodge before he realizes I’m here.”
“You know,” Dean winced as they walked up the stairs. “It’s strange. Part of me is almost relieved that Sammy hasn’t shown up. I don’t know, like he’s safer not being here. I know he’s not, because I know he’s with Ruby but I—” Dean paused. “I—I didn’t want James there either. In fact, I spent half my time in that damn garden telling him go find Ima—
He made his way back down the aisle, Castiel following behind him. They were just leaving the sanctuary and walking into the vestibule when Dean’s phone started buzzing.
He stacked a few wooden pallets and grabbed some scrap wood, and took it to a clearing in the salvage yard. Bobby began building a pyre, building it up with the remainder of the dead leaves from the previous fall.
She looked up, gasping at the sight of him. “Jesus?” She stumbled to her feet, running across the courtyard and hugged him tightly. “You’ve returned to me. Thank Hashem.” She cupped his face in her hands, tears welling up in her eyes.
as he sped down the highway, who flirted with anything that moved over shots of Jameson and who could find great joy in the tedious acts of putting antifreeze in an engine and snow tires on a car. Though Dean
Jesus gave him a sad smile, patting his shoulder before he headed back into the room. When he sat back down at the table, he took one of the remaining pieces of matzo into his hands. He looked back at Castiel, clearing his throat before he turned his gaze to the apostles.
! Two second-best sons who felt the pain of Father’s abandonment and the sting of Michael’s sword. And why? Because we loved Him too much,” Lucifer paused, mournful and sad. “My heart
When the chaos stopped, Peter was pinned into the dirt by a man with a bleeding ear, while another pried the blade from him. Simon lay against a tree, his hand pressed against a bloody sigil painted on the trunk. The rest of the apostles had fled.
“—Dean, listen to me!” Castiel snapped, his voice shaking. “You must go through with this, do you understand me?”
Dean sat up, putting his torso against the wall and pillow, staring at Castiel. Not at his vessel, but at the angel underneath. A glowing figure with a pair of black wings with rainbow colored tips.
Dean watched as the boy scanned the sanctuary briefly before settling his eyes on him, a smile spreading across his mouth as his eyes lit up with shock. “Oh shit,” Dean murmured.
Sam shot him a look as he picked the Bible up. “King James version,” he scoffed, skimming through it. “As far as translations go, this is by far the
“Why?” Judas scoffed. “Jesus is as good as dead now. If the scourging didn’t kill him, the tree certainly will.” His eyes glossed over. He took a long gulp from the goatskin, wiping the wine from his chin. “And I’m the one to thank for it.”
The girl’s torso jerked itself forward with a loud gasp. Her eyes darted around the room with fear before they locked on Dean, still crouching on the floor next her. Tears started to fill her eyes as she lunged at him, wrapping her arms tightly around his waist as she buried her face in his chest and sobbed. “I’m sorry! I’m so sorry! That thing made me— “
It was then that Jesus noticed the smell of rotten eggs. He quickly made his way out from the group, walking in front of them. “You’re not going to need that.” He said gesturing to the knife Peter had pulled out. “All of you, wait here,” he ordered before walked into the cemetery.
“That so?” Dean gritted his teeth. “He’ll like it even less when I shank your ass with the demon blade.” Dean pursed his lips, glancing between Ruby and the other two demons. “But since that’s not an option right now,” He cleared his throat. “
The waitress walked back over with a tray of food. “Here we are.”  She was about to put the plate of fries down in front of Jimmy when she stopped, her gaze locked squarely on their hands.
Castiel nodded. He walked over to the demon, pulling his sword from his sleeve and hovering it above the demon's chest. Just before he thrusted it down, the demon let out a hearty laugh.
Though his siblings thought it an insult to the future Messiah for him to be born in such a way— among the smell of animals and in the aftermath of sadness—Castiel, thought it very fitting. The child was, after all, created in their Father’s image.
Dean nodded. He went to put his hand on Jimmy’s head, but Jimmy grabbed it. “No! I don’t care about that!”  He turned his gaze over to Castiel. “Castiel! Leave Claire! Please!”
celebrating Christmas at the wrong time of year. It’s only a month off now as opposed to a whole season but—” Sam paused as he leaned against the door frame. “You okay? You know I’m just joking, right?”
Castiel leaned against the kitchen door post, watching the conversation.  Mostly, Castiel was watching Dean. Though he looked the same, some of his mannerisms had changed. Some of the changes were subtle. The beat Dean drummed on the table belonged to
Sam’s arm pulsed hot with the stinging burn of whiskey, his teeth gritting against the repeated poking of the needle as he pulled the thread through his skin. He’d been working on sewing up the gash in his arm for nearly fifteen minutes—what felt like an eternity—and he still wasn’t finished.
Jesus stared down at the red liquid on his hand for a long moment. He took a deep shaken breath. “So, Castiel, what I do
“Because Huntin’ doesn’t require me to be somethin’ I’m not.” Dean jumped off the trunk with a wince, taking a couple of steps as he faced away from Sam. After a moment, he turned around, guilt covering his face. “Because I’m not
Dean slammed into the back cell wall, landing on the floor and hitting his shoulder with a thud and a crack. He grunted in pain.
and that was it. Maybe he’d go out to the badlands of Montana or the deserts of New Mexico. Maybe he’d wander around Death Valley. Maybe he’d go nowhere at all.
, Sammy. The things I did? The people I hurt? A few rose-scented wounds can’t wash that away. That’s something you
They were in a large town of sixty-thousand. Half an hour outside of Baltimore, but for a few miles in either direction there was nothing but campgrounds and hiking trails.
Jesus stayed awake, watching the fire.  When the fire burned low, he rose to gather more wood. He wandered around to the surrounding trees and bushes, breaking off various branches. He was about to crack one of the bigger sticks over his knee when he heard the sound of wings, followed by familiar steps making their way through the corpse of trees. “Hello, Castiel,” he said. He turned to face the angel while he cracked another stick, the sound echoing through the night air.
“There’s more where that came from.” She grinned. “You said you travel a lot for work so you’re not tied down to any one place?”
“Not exactly,” Zachariah said. “This time, your demise is going to be a bit more of a family affair.”
Dean placed his other hand to the opposite side of Sam’s head, squeezing it as he pressed down harder. His teeth clenched and a groan fell from his lips. His fingers trembled against Sam’s hair as blood began to trickle from the corners of his eyes.
He remembered James waking one night on the road to Jerusalem and telling him that God had spoken to him in his sleep. He remembered going off to pray to Castiel and confronting him.
in your study for this thing?” Dean whined, dragging a seven-foot-tall balsam fir behind him as he stomped through Bobby’s front door.
will… I don’t know… I sure as hell don’t…” A nervous chuckle left Dean’s mouth as he rubbed the back of his neck.
“Dean!” Sam darted over to Dean. He grabbed the duffle as he lifted Dean to his feet, throwing Dean’s arm around his shoulder before they bolted out of the house and down the front steps.
“I have four children and a wife at home.” Simon glared at the both of them. “Judah’s wife is with child. We have our own families to care for.” He paused for a second, his gaze on Jesus. “But
so he can be purified. So he can be of use to Heaven. In case you haven’t noticed, almost half of the Seals have been broken. We’re losing and we’re going to lose far more if our field general isn’t ready for battle.”
Jesus spent most of the festival burying the guilt with wine and any carpentry work he could get his hands on.
Dean nodded sarcastically. “I think I’m gonna have to pass on that whole, “bringing on Armageddon” thing.”
—was more active at night than during the day when she would play Beatles records and talk to him. He was mischievous and loved attention. Mary shifted, running a hand across her belly.
Jesus rose from his place at the table and followed Castiel outside, stopping a few paces beyond the threshold. “You’re not here to join us. Are you, Castiel?” He glanced down at the wine cup in his hand before locking his eyes on Castiel.
Dean gently squeezed her hand. “It’s okay to be scared. I get scared. A lot, actually. But I do my best to be brave.” His eyes locked on hers. “You’re a brave little girl.”
Ruby didn’t mutter Aramaic in her sleep when sacred vision and dream melded together in her subconscious. There was no glow that washed over her face like a halo against the flames of a burning grave in the dead of night. Angels didn’t follow her around and bend their knee to her.
Dean glanced down at the floor where drops of blood had fallen from his wrists. They had coalesced into a small, bright red pool on the parquet floor. He bent down and swiftly wiped it away with his sleeve.
“No. After I came out of the water, it stopped. I can… understand their words now,” Jesus took a deep breath as he looked over at the synagogue, watching as the other men filed into it. He turned his gaze back to James, pursing his lips. “Maybe I’ll have you speak for me instead, like Aaron did for Moses.”
Ruby watched him while she lowered her hand between her thighs. Just before she reached her clit, Sam slapped her hand away.
Dean took a couple steps closer to them. “I’m a man who was resurrected by Heaven. A man who exorcises demons with a single word, brings the dead back to life and heals the sick.” Dean pursed his lips. “You’re a pastor, Jacob, so I think you can understand what I’m getting at.”
Sam nodded as he tucked a piece of hair behind his ear. A pit was starting to grow in his stomach. “Could someone who isn’t even religious, someone who doesn’t have faith… could they get the stigmata? Is that even possible?”
of smell. For the first time in months, the air around him didn't reek of roses. Instead, he could smell iron, salt, and old cardboard boxes.
Usually Dean did go unnoticed. Those who were more open to things—psychics, sick people, even hunters—tended to acknowledge him with little more than a smile or implied word. Those who the angels spoke to could almost never pick him out, mostly due to him not fitting with their assumptions of what the Messiah would be. Were it not for the scent of roses or them catching sight of his wounds, most never even noticed him. But when they did, often they would make a scene of it, proclaiming him as Christ returned.
"Oh yeah?” Sam cocked an eyebrow. “What kind of demon business is so important that you had to leave?"
John was already up and getting dressed. “How are the two of you doing this morning?” He smiled as walked over to her, kissing her gently.
The man chuckled as he backed away from her, pulling the Blow Pop out of his mouth. “Easy with the kitchenware, Jill Munroe, I’m not here to hurt you.” He gestured nonchalantly to her stomach. “Or
Dean let out a muffled groan, biting it back as the barbs pierced his forehead and blood flowed into his eyes.
Sam took a deep breath and shrugged. “Maybe it's your body having a reaction to your soul’s contact with The Divine.”
“Please, Abba,” Dean sobbed, collapsing to his knees, his body shaking. “You’re offering me a cup, but I don’t want to drink what’s in it.”
Almost immediately, a flash of light sparked through the demon’s head. He collapsed to the cement floor with a thud.
them and all that comes with them,”  Estelle said, as though it should be obvious. She looked down at the cards, before raising her gaze back up at Sam. “The only one who
, Sam.” A concerned look spread across Ruby’s face as she shut the motel room door behind them. “You must have really had a rough night last night.”
Jesus didn’t respond. He led her out of the garden, heading to the storage room of Dinah’s new home.
For a few days, Dean had been able to crash in the spare room of a farmhouse an hour outside of Dodge City. Andy, a man in his late forties with a bad hip and a failing farm, had offered Dean a place to sleep and a ride into Wichita if he’d fix his 1972 Chevrolet C10. Before Dean climbed out of the truck, he healed Phil’s bad hip, curing him of his bone cancer.
—he had gone to bed the night before barely able to hold a pen or walk the short distance to the bathroom on his own—he didn’t question it. Instead, he used it as an excuse to work cases.
him. Sam sat down on the edge of his bed in shock, staring blankly at the ugly wallpaper on the motel wall. He didn’t see Dean leave the room. He only knew Dean left by the slam of the door.
“What brought this on?” Sam cocked an eyebrow, “I mean, you hate it when the people who hand out ‘Smile, Jesus Loves You’ pamphlets even acknowledge you.”
in Perdition torturing souls. That left a mark on Dean’s soul. A mark that requires a tremendous amount of grace and penance to remove. To make him pure again.”
Bobby paused, he took a deep breath.  “I know you can’t. I can’t either.” He blinked tears away from his eyes.  “So maybe don’t bury him this time. We build a pyre, give Dean a proper send off. Like we shoulda done before. Like he woulda wanted.”
Dean quickly scribbled a short note on a piece of paper. When he finished writing, he folded the note and placed it between the Impala’s wiper blades. His eyes flickered to the motel room for a second before they turned back to the Impala. Dean stared at her for a long moment before he gave her a couple pats to the hood.
“From before. From my previous life.” Dean took a deep breath. “My name was Yehoshua bar Yosef. I was just a guy. I was some poor schmuck that got messed up in all this angel bullshit. I was a pious, observant man and for my faith the angels let the Romans crucify my ass.” Dean paused. “I never wanted to start a new religion. I was a Pharasic rabbi for fuck’sake. You can thank Paul of Tarsus, Constantine and whatever dick angel decided to inspire them for that. For all of...this bullshit.” Dean gestured to the Christmas decorations on the houses around Rufus’. “I wanna go home, Rufus. I
:: Most secular historians believe Jesus' Cleansing of the Temple to be the most likely reason for Jesus' arrest. It is documented in all four canonical gospels and, along with his baptism by John, is thought to be one of few historically likely incidences in Jesus' life.
how you’re yankin’ demon’s outta people?” Dean pressed a shaking hand to his mouth, pulling his fingers down his face. “I thought you were off the reservation with that psychic bullshit, but this? Do you have any idea what you’re doing?” He winced in pain as he stood up from the bed, leaning against the bedside table to steady himself.
Sitting under one of the olive trees was Miriamne. She looked at him and chuckled, “You’re relentless, aren’t you?”
gotta get your damn strength back.” He walked into the kitchen, returning with a shot glass and an ornate silver box. Placing both on the table, Bobby opened the box, pulling a bottle of wine out of it. “Right now
When he awoke the following morning, he found fresh bread and a full goatskin. He also found a jar of aloe that he used on his sunburns. Castiel, however, was nowhere to be found.
Dean was still wearing his beanie. He shot her an awkward smile as he pulled it off, brushing his already matted-down hair over his forehead to cover up the bruises. “Thanks, kid,” he whispered back, relieved that that was
“Then what the hell are you doing here? It’s not like I’m gonna help you with whatever job it is you’re working.”
The room was quiet, save for his brother’s strained, heavy breathing. It was different from the battle-induced, wounded sleep that was common after a particularly bad hunt and it was a far cry from the fitful sleep Dean had been suffering from—though he would never admit it—since he was resurrected. He wasn’t weighed down so much with nightmares of terror, but rather with melancholy and deep pain. Dean’s breaths sounded almost like sobs.
“Uriel had other duties to attend to and your brother left a couple of hours ago.” Castiel paused as he walked over to the nightstand, grabbing a silver flask resting on top of it and handing it to Dean as he unscrewed the cap. “He was rather… upset.”
Sam’s expression hardened and he grabbed Ruby by her hair, exposing her neck.“Maybe. But he won’t think very highly of me after I kill him.” He pulled out his knife. In one quick movement, he stabbed Ruby in the neck, piercing her carotid artery.
Without missing a beat, Estelle let Sam into the house. "So what you looking for? Goofer Dust? Mojo bag?” She studied him. “Crossroad's deal broke maybe?” she asked, closing the door behind them.
He was different. He lacked faith, but what he lacked in faith, he made up for with a will as strong as iron. He was rough and angry, but despite all of that, there was great kindness and love within him.
Dean smiled at her sarcastically as he took a twenty from his pocket and handed it to her. “Sure. Why not?”
Unable to do anything, Castiel heard Jesus speak words of anger at Zachariah before the clearing erupted into chaos. A knife sliced through the air, followed by a blood curdling scream. A bright light flashed and there were more screams.
being her favorite. “…Mom?” Dean’s salt crusted eyes went wide with shock as his voice shook. “Is this— is that really—”
Mary pulled away from him, placing her hand protectively where his hand had been. Panic filled her voice, “What did you do?”
The moment Jesus emerged sputtering from the water, the light faded and the buzzing ceased, leaving a blinding, searing heat in its wake. Hot as lightning, it coursed through his veins. A storm settled in his ribcage. It swirled in the pit of his stomach, filling him until it had worked itself into every nook and cranny of his flesh, purging any emptiness he might have had.
Dean stared into the foggy bathroom mirror, turning to inspect the wounds on his back and head. What a few hours ago had been jagged bleeding gashes had once again become bruises. Dark maroon wounds where the flesh refused to heal, just as they were before.
Dean was putting on his boots when Sam returned, two cups of Dunkin’ Donuts coffee and a paper bag in hand.
Dean promptly shook his head with a sigh. “Sam, we’ve got an angel who’s lying to religious folk. We’ve got bigger shit to worry about right now.”
dead passed Easter. After that, Sam flipped out. He went on a demon blood trip and whacked me in the gourde with a hubcap. When I came to, he was gone.”
it. Sam, however, was not and—as far as he knew, with demon blood coursing through his veins—he couldn’t be.
When Sam came into the motel room, Dean was sitting on the end of his bed, watching television and slowly drinking a cup of coffee, his face still very tired and pale. “So… what’s the verdict on that Dullahan?”
Jesus didn’t respond. He just took a deep breath. “Let’s go back to the inn. If we leave in the morning, we’ll be in Capernaum by nightfall.”
“Me too,” Sam growled as he kissed his way down Ruby’s torso, licking over her breasts and stomach, her gasps and moans filling the room.
Her body already bore plenty of scars. Thin lines made by silver knives she had always told John were from ‘cheerleading camp.’ Claw marks from an encounter with a werewolf she said came from a bear on a weekend ‘camping trip’ with her parents. But
“Now Heaven’s gotta waste their time cleansing you so you can actually be of some use to them,” John scoffed, shaking his head. “Despite what you did, they still bothered to save you. They gave you a second chance and you’ve got the nerve to be a little shit to them? To
“Cut her now, Dean!” Alastair grabbed him by the shoulders, his nails digging into Dean’s flesh. “Cut her! Cut her, or so help me, I’ll drag you back to that room and hang you back up on that fucking tree!”
Castiel wanted more than anything to leave Jesus alone, to let him enjoy his Passover Seder, but he had to speak to him. Two of the apostles, Judas of Kerioth and Simon the Zealot, were absent from the festivities. They had been missing all day.
Jimmy nodded. “I will. Thanks.” He waved before he turned and started making his way up the sidewalk of the house. Dean watched him as he climbed up the steps and walked up to the front door, ringing the bell.
Then out of the blackness and calm came a sharp twinge of pain to the left side of his ribcage. It dissipated just as Dean’s eyes opened.
A moment passed before James spoke again. He breathed deeply. “You still blame yourself for what happened to Sarah?  How many times have you gone to her tomb asking for forgiveness?”
Jesus didn’t respond, he just walked over to the vats. His eyes slipped shut as he placed his hand against the side of one of them. Heat crackled under his skin, working its way down his arm, into his fingertips, and soaking into the clay. He opened his eyes and pulled his hand away. He gestured towards the jar for James to inspect. Reluctantly, James and Miriamne stepped forward and peered into the jug.
Sam shot him a look as he put the Bible back on the table. “Alright, but I’m driving.” Sam put his jacket on as he took the keys from Dean. After refilling the gas tank with a couple of gasoline cans Bobby had lying around and picking Dean up a black knit hat, they made their way to the bar.
He made his way out of the bar and back to the Impala. Climbing into the driver seat, he placed his hands on the steering wheel. He flipped the radio on. The Rolling Stone’s Angie- slow and mournful and nostalgic- bellowed through the speakers.
“Hang on a sec, Ruby.” Sam raised his index finger to her as he stepped over to the side of the kitchen and called his voicemail, pressing the phone to his ear.
listened to us from the moment you pulled him out of Perdition. It was bad enough when he wouldn’t let us take care of Samhain and Anna. But now he’s refusing to follow even the most basic of orders we give him. He’s making scenes in churches and healing whomever he pleases. People that were never supposed to be healed. Dean’s proven himself to be just like The Nazarene: a self-righteous liability that
Dean took a sip from his drink. “You wanna know what else isn’t like me, Sam? Getting my back torn up outta fucking nowhere,” Dean scoffed. There was frustration in Dean’s words as much as there was fear. “It’s been a week. A
Jesus was quiet for a long moment before he nodded. “Before my father died, he arranged a marriage for me with the daughter of a stonemason from Sepphoris, but I broke it off.”
For an hour, aside from the roar of the engine, there was silence in the Impala, only interrupted with the sounds of Sam swearing under his breath every time they hit pockets of traffic and Dean’s quiet sobs as he slipped in and out of consciousness. They had just flown past the Omaha exits when Dean’s voice finally broke the near silence. “
“Fucking-A, Cas.” Dean sighed, running a hand through his hair. “How many times do I gotta tell you? Personal Space.”  Dean squinted at him. “More importantly, where the hell have you been? I -”
She wrapped her arm around Dean’s waist and they began to walk down the aisle. Even though she was about a foot shorter than Dean, she was able to carry the brunt of his body weight, having little trouble walking him the short distance to the convent behind the church. She took Dean directly into the infirmary, where she sat him down on one of the three white-sheeted beds.
Jesus couldn’t understand why anyone would want to ignore her. He could barely pull his gaze from her. Finally, Jesus gestured to the woman, clearing his throat. “That’s your daughter over there, isn’t it?”
“I was sure I looked in….” Mary looked at the two them for a second, studying them briefly before she looked around the room. “And you’re sure it was here the entire time?”
Sam nodded slowly, shoving it back into his wallet before taking a dejected sip from his coffee. “Okay. Thanks.”
“I’m shaking because I’m scared, Dean,” Sam snapped as he dried his hands off. “You’re going to die in a few hours.”
as best we can.” He sighed, frustrated, as he shifted on his bed. After a moment of silence, a morose look appeared on his face. “
“ Am I bleeding?” Dean looked down at his wrists. “Please tell me I’m not bleeding.” To Dean’s relief, he wasn’t.
“You’re welcome.” Dean blinked tears away from his eyes as he smiled at her, hugging her back. “But you gotta promise me one thing, okay? You can’t tell
Sam nodded as he started to walk towards the door. “Well, I’ll be downstairs doing research if you need anything.”
“I don’t know.” Jesus shrugged. “In any case, I have a new abba now so it doesn’t matter,” he mumbled.
Ruby laughed maliciously, “-It is written,‘The blood of the first demon shall break the final seal.’”
Dean took a deep breath.”I don’t want to have a problem with you.” He said, not in English, but Aramaic.
Slowly, Dean’s gaze drifted over to the pile of clothes on the bed next to him. Staring at the pile for a second, Dean picked up the haphazardly thrown trench coat, shaking the wrinkles out before he laid it out on the bed and folded it. Meticulously and with great precision like a veteran flag. Once it was folded, he grabbed the tie from the pile, straightening and folding it before laying it on top of the trench coat. He picked them both up into his hands, staring at them for a long moment before he took a deep breath.
Opening his eyes, Jesus turned to find an angel wearing a simple wool tunic and head shawl. The sunlight cast a shadow of wings against the rocks, long and thin against the evening sun
“So.” Sam smirked. “Is the lobby enough to convince you we’re in the wrong place?” He cocked an eyebrow as he glanced around the vestibule.
Castiel froze. “I have orders to follow and they don’t come from you.” He stared at Bobby. “If I’m needed here, Dean will let me know.”
related to King David and I’m supposed to chuck Lucifer and Damien into Mount Doom and bring about a world of rainbows and lollipops. Got it,” he deadpanned with a nod. He quickly glanced over at Sam who was sitting at the table with Bobby before he started to move around the room, his gait slow and tired.
you did.”  Reluctantly, He looked down at Lilith. The trail of blood dripping from her mouth had curled around the floor of the chapel, forming a circle. The line continued to move, spreading inward like a spiderweb.
suggesting that we set up a tent church in Bobby’s back yard or something… but in our line of work, that’s a
Sam quickly pulled Dean’s feet into the cab as he ripped his own coat off, laying it across his brother as he haphazardly wrapped gauze from the duffle bag around both of Dean’s wrists. Sam removed Dean’s boots and socks just as bruises began to appear on his ankles. They, too, opened into wounds with yet another pair of guttural screams.
While in Wichita, Dean found Joyland, a derelict amusement park he vaguely remembered John taking him and Sam to when they were kids. The park was also occupied by a teenage boy named Matt. Dean had discovered—after politely declining a proposition from the boy—that he had been living out on the streets for four months. His extremely conservative parents had kicked him out following their discovery that he and his best friend were actually romantically involved. His boyfriend had been shipped off to military school while Matt had been thrown out of his home.
.” Sam was quiet for a second. He chuckled bitterly. “Things you always scoffed at and called bullshit. Things you always scoffed at
“Good.” She grinned as she gave the Bible and change to him. “You’ve got the Holy Spirit working within you. I can tell. You just gotta let it lead you.”
Slowly, Dean lifted his hands up to his face. He examined them through a haze of drying water and salt and half open eyelids, watching his fingers move in clumsy, broken motions as he opened and closed them.
“Dean could become a son completely dedicated and obedient to Him and His Will some of our siblings would
Dean sat in bed for a few moments before he pushed the blankets off and stood up, wincing as his stiff legs shook with exertion. He limped as he made his way to the bathroom down the hall. Closing the door behind him, he peeled his shirt off, causing him to double over with a cry of pain as blood-soaked gauze and sore skin were pulled along with it.
“Joses and I got by just fine on our own,” James interjected, his voice raised. He shot Simon a look. “And without any help from you or Judah.”
Just as quickly as the memory came on, it left, and Dean found himself back in the church with Castiel—
Dean rolled his eyes. “Yeah, well, if I’m not mistaken, that Son said, ‘Judge not and you will not be judged’. Why don’t you do yourself a favor and
Dean had scoffed at the pomp and circumstance of it all during the last the mass, gaining more than one angry look from the parishioners who had sat around him.
“Good.”  Dean and Bobby made their way to the front door. Before walking through it, Dean lifted the carpet up, checking the devil’s trap under it. He threw the carpet back over it and walked out the front door, closing the door behind him. He took a deep breath as he walked down the steps, walking across the driveway. “This sucks Bobby. It sucks a huge one. The kid just got her Dad back and I took him away again.”
Dean let his duffle bag fall off of his shoulder. Crouching down, he placed the bag on the floor and opened it, pulling out a container of salt, which he used to draw a circle around himself.
Dean hugged her back, his voice calm and reassuring, “It’s okay. You did nothin’ wrong. You’re gonna be okay now. Everything’s gonna be okay.” He held the girl tight as he carefully helped her to her feet and walked with her over to her mother.
Sam had just finished pressing a gauze pad to his shoulder when Dean sat up on his bed with a gasp, gently pressing his back against the headboard.
Dean stared at him. “You—” He took in a sharp breath as he rose slowly to his feet. “—You like you’ve seen a ghost.”
In the evenings, Dean helped Jacob get rid of the rest of the demons in town and during the day he helped Susan set up the nursery. He made a toy box out of some wood crates he found in the attic. Dean left early Sunday morning, refreshed with a flask full of fresh consecrated wine, hitching a ride on a tractor-trailer headed for Chicago.
Dean nodded. “Once at the convent. He didn’t pick up and he didn’t call back either so…” He looked at Bobby. “I don’t wanna spend the next four days looking for him. All things considered.”
Bobby stood at the door, his jaw tight and his eyes glued on Dean.  He helped Sam walk Dean into the house, sitting him down at the kitchen table. Bobby got Dean a glass of water and checked his vitals. With Sam’s help, he removed Dean’s jacket, shirt and the already blood-soaked bandages, inspecting the wounds and removing the sutures before he quickly rewrapped them with gauze from a first aid he kit kept in one of his kitchen drawers.
Sam didn’t say anything. After a long moment, he stood up from the bed, gesturing to the door. “You wanna tell Bobby or should I?”
Jesus stared at it for a moment before picking up and taking a bite. Though it was covered in honey, the dough was bitter on his tongue.
better than you think I do, trust me. You’re actually handling this better than the first Mary did.” Gabriel smiled. “Speaking of which, I almost forgot.” He quickly scooted behind her. Reaching around, he placed his hand tenderly against the swell of her belly. A white light emanated from his hand, spreading across her stomach.
Sam’s jaw clenched. He knew he had blood on his face when he rescued Dean. He had tried to wipe as much of it off as possible while he ran into the pastor’s office, and he did it again in the Impala when Dean wasn't looking. He even washed his face when they got back to the motel room. He thought Dean wouldn’t notice it since he was so out of it from the beating and his wounds, but he’d been wrong.
Dean glanced at the scar. He bit his lip. “So what... I’m going through this just ‘cuz God told some damned angel to yank me outta The Pit?” He grabbed the shirt, putting it on with a wince. "Why?"
He was quiet for a moment, taking a sip of his drink before he looked back up at Dean. “Listen Dean, I get why you’ve been doing this whole “going to church” thing. Really, I do.” He took a deep breath. “But why don’t you stop beating around the bush and just reveal yourself?”
He had fallen, his knees digging into the cobbled streets with a crossbeam tied to his arms. Were it not for his soul, Castiel would not have even been able to recognize him. His hair was matted and bloody; a crown of thorns circled his temple. His face was covered in bruises and cuts, the back of his tan tunic had been dyed red with blood.
James narrowed his eyes. He grabbed Castiel by his tunic. “You coward! Why didn’t you stop this!?” he yelled. His hazel eyes filled with tears. “You’re supposed to be protecting Jesus! Why didn’t you
Without any hesitation, Dean limped his way up the steps and through the vestibule and into the nave, wincing against the ever-increasing pain of his ankles. He found it nearly empty, populated only by a few parishioners, all of whom were focused intensely on their rosaries and confession penances.
“You listen to me.” Dean’s teeth clenched. “There are people who have never once stepped foot inside a church, people who don’t even believe in God who are gonna get past the Pearly Gates long before you ever do. I’ll make damn sure of that.”
But then the kind voice was replaced with a sound he had often heard in Hell, something cracking as it cut through the air behind him.
Dean walked over to her and gently placed a hand on top of her head. She gasped, lifting her head back up. Tears filled her eyes quickly as she started to sob.
loved him. Even as years turned to decades. Even as Decades turned into centuries. Even as centuries turned into millennia. Somehow, some way, his love for Dean never faltered. Even now. But he had never spoken it. Maybe it was because angels weren’t supposed to love humans.
“I was working a job in Akron.” Sam’s voice was tired and short. “I came here as soon as I got Dean’s voicemail.”
Dean smiled. He dug into a duffle bag, pulling out a long and thin blue cardboard box with gold lettering. He cleared his throat, holding it out to Rufus. “
Once it was straight, Bobby went into the basement, coming back with a couple of yellowed and creased boxes of Christmas lights.
:: Crucifixion was a fairly common method of torture and capital punishment in the ancient world, used mostly in the Near East and Mediterranean. It was first used by the Persians and the Carthaginians and was later adopted by the Romans who used it exclusively on slaves and non-Roman citizens as a deterrent against crime and insurrection.
Rubbing his eyes, Bobby grabbed a bucket and a sponge brought into the base of the bathtub. and turned the faucet on. Once the bucket was full he shut the water off and walked over to Dean’s body. Kneeling on the floor, he began to wash Dean’s forehead, still warm with body heat and flushed with color, wiping away the blood.
“This isn’t the first time I’ve gone months without seeing him, Bobby,” Dean said defensively. “Shit, I went four years barely even
So when Dinah’s new father in law, Daniel, called him over to meet a family friend who was attending the wedding with his daughter, Jesus almost refused to go. But the hopeful look on his sister’s face as she watched the exchange between the two men ultimately made him consent to the meeting.
“No.” Castiel lowered his gaze to the pavement. “Believe me, Dean; more than anything, I wish that you
Castiel watched the reflection of the Christmas lights in the black door of the Impala as Sam helped Dean into the passenger seat. This Christmas was icy and he knew that if was he able to feel the cold as his vessel did, he would be freezing in the night air and snow with just his trench coat. He remembered the first Christmas and he couldn’t help but compare it to this one, the first he’d experienced on Earth in two thousand years.
Dean took a quick pull from the flask, the taste of wine and blood washing over his tongue as the ache began to fade away. His eyes turned back to the church briefly before they set on the nativity scene he had been looking at before. He focused on the star made out of white Christmas lights set above it, shining brightly in the night and haze of snow. “Maybe it shouldn’t be shocking,” Dean said simply, closing the flask and shoving into his jacket. “Maybe I should start goin’ to church.”
James turned and began to walk away, but before crossing the threshold into the main room, he paused, turning around. “Brother, I’m the only member of your family who doesn't think you’re insane. Don't push me away."
caused. He too was sure that he had been anointed by Hashem.” The rabbi patted him on the shoulder. “When you bring peace to all the nations or—at the
Dean chuckled sarcastically.“Sam, I’ve had my fair share of stitches, and bleedin’ like this ain’t normal. It’s almost like the stitches aren’t even—” Dean shook his head as he took another sip of his tasteless coffee. The last thing he wanted was to argue with Sam. “While you were off gallivantin’ around town, did you happen to come across any possible jobs?”
Salvation.” The demon chuckled.  “They’re going cast all of you down from your clouds and smite you, your Father and his bastard Son.”
“Because no more of my siblings are going to die on my account,” Jesus snapped.  He grabbed the wine jug and turned away from James.
Jesus walked over to him and gently placed his hand on top of his head. The man let out a loud gasp, his eyes snapping open. “Wh-who are you?” he asked, his words shaking.
Shouts filled Dean ’ s ears. Castiel became a man named Simon of Cyrene. Dean stared at him through a swollen eye and a mess of blood and thorns.
The video started to shake and was filled with the sound of the boy running closer to the house, breathing heavily.
Sam followed behind. As he crossed the room, he paused briefly at the door, drumming his fingers against the door knob before he followed Dean into the hallway and down the stairs.
to go so he could better understand what being Christ meant, so he could connect with the spiritual entity he had become, but the idea of church never sat well with him. Dean wasn’t a man of faith to begin with and institutionalized religion always left a bad taste in his mouth.
As soon as Dean’s feet touched the concrete, the woman snapped awake. Her eyes grew pitch black, locking squarely on Dean. She growled, low and vicious, her hands tightly gripping the armrests.
He glanced over to Dean who was lying still on his bed—fresh bandages wrapped around his wrists, ankles, back, and forehead—his breaths shallow and pained. Castiel had appeared in the room briefly, not long after they got back, to ask them about the attack in the church and to check on Dean. He had offered to heal what Alastair had done to Dean, but Dean had refused. Sam watched with frustration as Dean reprimanded the angel for not doing his job before sending him away.
Sam pulled his tented boxers down to his knees, exposing his hard cock. “I missed you,” he groaned, stroking himself.
After a moment, the door creaked open, revealing Sam. His face was pale with nausea and his eyes were bloodshot and rimmed with dark circles. His clothes were wrinkled and his hair was unkempt and sticking up in the back.
His search brought him to a Psychology professor at Ohio State, Baptist church in Indiana and to an Episcopal church in Illinois, all under the guise of food and gas runs. He was thankful that aside from the occasional question about where he had run off to and if he could smell anything, Dean wasn’t prying. Instead, he was burying himself in The Job and ignoring it, just as Dean
It, too, happened on a cold night, though shortly after the feast of Purim instead of around the Winter Solstice as it was now commemorated and it wasn’t during a census, but rather a time of familial loss and mourning. Castiel was stationed around the hills around Bethlehem with Uriel, Rachel, Inias, Hester, and Balthazar. At Anna’s command, they appeared before a small group of shepherds to use them as vessels. Though they were frightened, the shepherds readily consented. While angels could manifest on Earth whenever they chose, few humans outside of prophets or possible vessels ever saw them, but they nevertheless had great respect for and fear of them.
“I had four of them.” Dean swallowed. “But James. He—We—” Dean shook his head, running his hands through his hair. “I don’t know. It had somethin’ to do with the seals but I can’t fucking remember.”
He only got to his second sip when Sam walked into the kitchen, heavy bags under his eyes and his hair a rats nest of grease. He was wearing a slept-in pair of wrinkled jeans and a gray hoodie. The same clothes he had worn for the last two days.
“You’re positive you don’t have any idea what did this?” Sam asked with concern, eyebrow raised, as he finished wrapping the last bit of gauze. “Ghost? Witch? Daeva?
The dust-caked pews were painted white, chipped and rotted. Some had already collapsed with age. Walking down the aisle, Dean noticed the organ. It was covered in dust, but he could still hear it hum from the wind going through its pipes. The pews were covered with stacks and stacks of hardcover hymnals and bibles. They were water stained, and they looked as though they would fall apart if Dean picked one of them up.
Heat seared through Dean’s sternum and ribs, like a lightning striking a tree, carving into the bone.
Christmas was the Winter Solstice, the festival of the Sun’s conquest over winter. Darkness and Death. It was also the feast of the
. Dean had managed to ignore it while he was in the motel room, but in the closed confines of the Impala, it was getting stronger and more concentrated and he couldn’t ignore it any longer.
.” He was quiet as he walked back over to the Impala, making his way around to each of the tires, nudging them with his boot. “Maybe I should nickname her MacManus. Ya know… ‘And Shepherds we shall be. For thee, my Lord, for thee’?”
When the door finally opened again and Alastair’s figure appeared in the doorway, Dean’s voice spilled out of his mouth as a mumbled sob. “I’ll do it.”
Dean shrugged. He watched as Castiel wiped his wrists. “Hey Cas.” Dean cleared his throat. “Why are my wounds in the wrists? I thought most stigmatics usually get ‘em in the palms.”
“Why did you do it, Uriel?” Castiel’s voice carried through the sanctuary as he marched down the center aisle. “Why did you try to kill Dean?”
“Am I?” Dean cocked an eyebrow. “You know, when he died he felt abandoned by God. All of his faith was gone. For all I know, the reason why I don’t have faith has
at the sight of her. She was standing amongst the crowd, garbed in all black with tears streaming down her face. A man the voice called James—
At first, Sam saw Dean being pulled out of Hell by an angel for what it was: a miracle. God stretched out His hand and had done what he had tried to do for months to no avail, God brought his brother back. For weeks afterward, that very fact was a source of comfort and inspiration to Sam. If Dean could be saved from Hell, then perhaps he could be as well.
Without so much as a word, he pulled the nails out of Dean’s hands and untied the ropes. Alastair pulled him up into his arms, carrying him over to a wooden stake that he tied Dean to before walking to the far side of the room.
“His name is Sammy,” Mary whispered, almost like it was some kind of awe-inspiring secret. She looked up at Dean and smiled. “You’re gonna be a good big brother for me and Daddy and help us take care of him, right?”
Dean’s bloodshot eyes were crusted with dried tears. Eventually he managed to open them, rubbing them as he sat up, groaning as the wounds pulled.
He and Sam had spent the weekend in New Jersey, trying with little success to get him to recover from his wounds. By late Friday afternoon, the bleeding had stopped, but the wounds themselves weren’t showing much, if any signs of healing. The pain that accompanied them eased, but not much. Instead, it became a dull ache rather than a ripping sting.
Dean was laying on his bed in the motel room, a washcloth over his eyes. He took the ice pack and placed it inside the washcloth, pressed it against his throbbing temple. “Yeah, it was a woman I think. She was saying, ‘At the hour of death, call me.’ Some other stuff like that.”
Just then, the sound of the main church door closing echoed through the Cathedral. One of the sisters from the convent walked in, making her way over to the side aisle. Dean quickly he turned away from her, staring at the floor.
Mary hugged him tightly. “Good,” she sighed, relieved.  After a moment she pulled away from him, smiling. “We needed you home. James and Joses were getting behind on your piece work.”
worthy, Dean,” Castiel insisted, watching Dean. “Even if you bearing the same soul weren’t the case, you
Dean heard the singing as soon as he got off the elevator. It echoed through the halls of the hospital ward—sterile and identical to every other ward, aside from badly painted circus animals on the walls—just over the beeping of heart monitors and the sound of televisions playing cartoons. The voice was beautiful—rhythmic, young, hopeful—but very tired, betraying the sickness of the body that it came from.
Dean’s grip tightened around his shoulder, his eyes narrowing sharply. “Tell someone who gives a fuck.” Dean paused for a second before his voice boomed throughout the living room, “
have been after decades of torture, even with a stain—thick and black like smoke—upon it. The soul now glowed and it was white hot, the heat slowly melting away the black. While the soul was still human, the heat and the glow marked it as something else.
Standing outside of the cell was the same angel who had confronted Dean in the abandoned church in Kansas.  The one that tormented Dean for days with visions of doubt and pain and spoke to him with a pompous swagger.
“It’s alright Ima,” Jesus said, “I found the rest. I ordered these this morning.” He gestured to the large vats of wine between them. “I simply forgot to lay them out for the guests.” His gut twisted at the lie, unable to meet his mother’s eye.
Zachariah waved his hand, sending Dean flying off the trail and into the trees where he rolled down a shallow ravine lined with fallen trees and brush.
“Please Castiel. Just,” Jesus’ voice trembled. “Go. I can’t bear for you to witness this. Get my wife to safety. Get my family to safety. Do that for me.”
“I’ve had lots of practice,” Sister Joan said simply. She walked over to the counter to grab a first aid kit and a glass of water.
Reluctantly, Castiel nodded. Before he turned to walk away, he placed his hand firmly on Jesus' left shoulder. “I
It looked like the kind of place Sam would have hunted ghosts in. A sanitorium or a tuberculosis hospital, perhaps.  The only clues to the building's real identity was a crumbling, half-missing cross on top of the tower that marked the entranceway.
He quickly removed the knife and pressed his mouth to the wound, drinking the gushing blood as fast he could. By the time Sam was done, Ruby was limp and his face was covered in blood. Sam’s eyes locked on the thick line of crimson that curved itself into a circle.
Castiel was almost at the fortress when he saw Judas walking away from it. He moved uneasily, his steps slow and staggered, down the road, with a goatskin in hand. The coin purse and Zachariah were long gone. When he got close enough to Castiel, he stopped dead in his tracks, squinting at him. “Castiel?”
Jesus shot James a glare. “James, why don’t you enlist the help of our brothers and have them gather up the empty jugs from the tables.”  He turned to Miriamne, “Could you help me gather up some of the jugs in here? We’ll fill them and bring them out to the wedding table.”
“Unfortunately, No. I’m not.” Castiel shook his head. “ They’re— ” Castiel paused. “They’re going through with their plan.”
Dean cracked open his eyes to find Sam squatting on the sleeping bag. He was holding Dean’s torso upright, his hands digging into Dean’s shoulders.
an old Hebrew prayer Castiel had heard spoken many times before. Some were more obvious. The quiet pause Dean took before taking his first sip of coffee, used to silently say a blessing over it.
Dean was in Bobby’s panic room.  The dark walls and dim light were a far cry from the blinding light of the bathroom he had been lying in what seemed to him just a few moments before. The last thing he remembered was a sharp pain in his side, slicing metal, the sudden cease of his heartbeat. The warm gush of liquid falling down his side, and finally, still darkness.
Sam quickly ran back into the motel room, grabbing the few things they had already brought in, thankful that they hadn’t settled in yet. He tossed everything haphazardly into the trunk before he jumped into the driver’s seat, his eyes briefly locking on a hunched over Dean, whose hands were pressed firmly against the sides of his head, before he sped out of the parking lot, barreling onto Interstate 29, heading north.
, a fact that Dean could never seem to recognize, never wanted to recognize. Sam watched Dean look at his wounds, look at his role as Messiah, with apathy and annoyance at best, and sacrilege and fear at worst. He watched Dean hurl blasphemies at people who called him “Lord” and scoff at the idea of God being his Father.
Dean got the deal he did and why you couldn’t bargain for him.” Concern enveloped Ruby’s face as she followed him. “But everybody down there thinks Dean is too tainted now. They’re
To Dean’s shock, the wafer and wine not only eased his pain, but managed to satisfy his hunger. When Sister Joan walked him back, Mother Superior told him he could stay for as long as needed to, so long as he helped around the convent and parish.
“It is. It belonged to my great-great-grandparents. It was one of the few things they managed to bring up to Boston with them when they left South Carolina.”
“Well.” A sarcastic chuckle left Dean’s mouth as he leered at Naamah, the twisted, grotesque figure underneath her girly visage. “With a face like that I’m sure all the boys are just
Castiel nodded.  He slid into the pew, sitting next to him. “How much of the wall has come down?” he asked.
Tossing the empty gas canister down on the ground with a groan, Bobby made his way back down into the basement.
“Well, come in.” Jacob let Dean into the house, quickly shutting the door behind them. “You actually came at a good time. The town’s been waist deep in demons. They started popping up more and more about mid-September and we just haven't been able to keep up. Me and Susan have performed twenty exorcisms so far this month. Three this week alone, and it’s only Tuesday.” He shook his head, running a hand through his thinning hair. “We’re prepping for one right now. The monster is possessing a young woman from my church. If you’re up to it, we could sure use some help with it.”
then we’ll have to call an exorcist and have them come to the house. That’s blasphemy and the work of sinister forces.” Bishop Tamsen said.
Estelle nodded. She walked Sam down a small hallway into the living room.  Against the walls sat a series of tables covered with saint statues and mansion jars filled with herbs. In the center of the room was a round coffee table on which rested stubby candles and a stack of tarot cards flanked by an old love seat and armchair. Estelle gestured to the couch for Sam to sit on while she sat down in the armchair.
Dean stopped dead in his tracks. “Kinda. Yeah” He took a deep breath as he gestured to a chair next her bed. “Mind if I sit down?”
Dean’s breath caught in his throat, his eyes shifting from the place Lisa’s shadow should’ve been, back up to her earnest eyes. “I know what this is.” He glared, taking a step back from her. “You’re tryin’ to trick me.”
Dean, as quickly and as silently as he could, moved over to a nearby tree trunk. He pulled out his pocket knife, flicking it open, dragging the blade across his palm. Blood bubbled up from the wound, forming a thick river of crimson in his palm.
“Hey Sammy,” Dean rasped, trying to get his brother’s attention. “Sam?” he called out again. No answer came. Dean frowned. He reached for the gauze bandage from the nightstand and wrapped it around the old one as best he could.
Dean just nodded. Silence filled the booth for the long moment before Dean cleared his throat. “So you’re from Illinois?”
“Damn it.” Dean’s eyes scanned the room, desperately trying to find him, but to no avail. He gritted his teeth. “Ya don’t drop a bomb like that on a guy and just
He wanted nothing more than to wander around the salvage yard, but his ankles were already throbbing.
Bobby stared at Dean, studying him. “You gonna need anything else?” He asked. “A prayer shawl maybe?”
Dean finished cleaning the gun, placing it back into the pocket of the jacket he had resting over the arm of the couch. He glanced out the window to the waning afternoon light and the empty parking spot just outside their motel room. Dean sighed heavily and took a sip from the glass of whiskey he had sitting on the coffee table, the liquid burning its way down into his empty stomach. He couldn’t even taste it.
A bright white light filled the water, engulfing him. Calm and inviting, it broke the silence, filling his ears with the sound of wings, that quickly gave way to high pitched buzzing. He had heard this buzzing from time to time for as long as he could remember. It ached his ears and made his head throb with pain. Now it didn’t hurt him. Now he could perfectly understand it. It was words. The collective voice of Heaven itself.  ‘…
remained unanswered. He tossed his phone onto the countertop, dragging a shaking hand through his hair.
A smile spread across Ruby’s face as she led Sam back over to the bed. She pushed him down on top of it as she straddled him, grabbing the knife that was still resting on top of it. “Now, where were we?” she whispered as she ran it across her arm. A thick stream of dark red started seeping out of the wound as she held it out to Sam.
He remembered the eyes. He had always remembered them. He had forged them deep within the recesses of his mind, lest Naomi get her clutches on their memory and yank it away like she had so many memories before.
The sound of wings rung out again, followed by feet moving on the carpet behind her. “Come on, that’s a
Breathing frantically, he pulled himself up from the ice and looked around. Before Dean could call out, a figure appeared out of the fog and darkness. It had six pairs of wings, weighed down and encased in thick ice.  Even though the figure was covered in ice, there was a dull glow of blue light that emanated from it. Light that no doubt would have been otherwise brilliant and blinding.
It was why when Dean first started going to church Sam was confused, but largely unfazed by it. He went along with it as Dean made spur of the moment choices to go to Catholic masses and Methodist church services. Even when it became clear that Dean was planning them, he found amusement at the sight of Dean awkwardly sitting through Baptist sermons and Pentecostal prayer invocations. But when he watched Dean shrug off pastors and parishioners, albeit politely, Sam started to become annoyed. Dean chose to go to the services. He couldn’t reject his “flock” while still trying to observe them.
Castiel nodded. “In reality, the palms can’t support the weight of a body. The Romans crucified through the wrists.” He paused, sitting himself down on Sam’s bed across from Dean. “Your wounds appear the way they do, Dean, because you’re
Seeing them, Dean narrowed eyes. “When was the last time you had a hit, Sam?” Dean spoke gently, but there was still the hint of iron will beneath his breathless whisper.
“I know, I know,” Dean hugged him back. He held for a long moment before pulling away from Bobby.  “How- how long was I out?”
Finally he made it to his family’s house. He quickly ran up to entrance way of the courtyard. He was about to run in when he caught sight of his mother sitting out on the front step of the house with a basket of goat wool she was winding into yarn resting beside her. Wrapped around her shoulders was a shawl. The section over her left breast ripped.  She was in mourning.
idea. You would be the perfect warning to any angel or hunter that would try to oppose him. A deterrent.”
Thursday.” He paused for a second then turned to Sam him. “While we’re on the subject, Sam, does your lack of a better theory have anything to with you taking real long trips to ‘get gas’ this week?” He squinted his eyes at Sam. “Or the fact that you're clearly keeping something from me?” Dean’s question was leading.
Bobby stood there and listened while Sam trudged up the basement stairs and out of the house, the front door slamming behind him.
“I’m keeping the world and my family safe,” Jesus said bluntly. “This might be the only way I can do that, but it’s still my choice.” He paused. “There’s always a choice, Castiel.  We—we’re not puppets.”
When Jesus stirred, the angel lifted his gaze, watching him intently as he grabbed the goatskin and handed it to him. “Drink,” he demanded, his voice deep and rough.
queued up in the VCR, Dean sat down on the couch and started pouring the whiskey, putting two shots into one of the glasses.
fault. Direct actions of his own. So he kept it buried every single time because having Cas beside him but not being with him was infinitely better than not having him there at all.
The work goes quickly, she wasn’t near hot enough to need a walk out and she trusts him enough to not fuss or fight against what he’s doing. By the time he’s cleaning the tack the sun has hidden itself almost completely behind the horizon line wrapping the earth in soft orange and gentle blue as he tracks his eyes away from the ground towards the stars that are beginning to show themselves.
“I was right the other day when I said you have a hard time letting someone be your friend, even Ibby can tell something’s up, can’t you boy, he’s full of it isn't he?” Ensuring Cas isn't looking his way he makes an exaggerated eye roll, tossing his head back slightly at how over the top Cas is as he croons at the foal.
Just the thought starts a domino effect, his mind rushing through everything he wanted and everything he’ll never get now and it’s so overwhelming it sends him to his knees. Of course, because he clearly will never be able to catch a break, all it does is remind him of the last time they were in purgatory together, the fear and heartbreak that shook him to his core, the devastation of Cas brushing off what he wanted to say because fuck it was so much more than his prayer.
Their smiles shine into his face and it’s almost laughable how it heals him and hurts him in equal measure. It’s worse than when Gadreel died, but better somehow as well. He has a hope in him that this isn’t the last time he’ll be able to tell them he loves him. But then again hope is a dangerous thing, it’ll just as quickly chew you up and spit you out as it will deliver unto you all that you want.
It’s almost second nature to snake his tongue out and run it along the seam of their slotted lips, silently begging for access, a low groan makes its way from his chest as Cas’ lips part and their tongues slide together for the first time in days.
A lot went down in this chapter as well and we should all be thankful for Gabriel stepping in and helping them out.
He’s thrown back for a second to the first day Cas taught him how to write, when Dean’s form was wrong, he crowded into his space to correct it. Of the touch of his fingers against the soft skin of his inner wrist and how the air had seemed to crackle when Cas got so close.
“Mmm, no not anymore, but thought we could make it a bit of a tradition. First night celebration or something like it,” Cas responds, his eyes dancing in the low light of the lanterns.
“He won't be doing that,” the other man pipes up walking closer. “We should be so kind as to take this weight off of you for the remainder of your trip, surely you’ll be able to make do without it.”
He sits at the table as his siblings file in, in singles and pairs. His mother is the last to sit and no sooner does she settle into her chair than it begins.
He pulls his fingers out and holds himself up, his palms flat on Cas’ chest. Cas teases his slightly stretched hole with the pad of one finger before dipping it inside. He burns impossibly hotter.
“Cas. Cas! Hey angel you gotta stay with me okay?” he pats Cas’ face a couple times before running his hand through his hair, pushing the dampened strands off his forehead. His skin is turning pale as the blood pumps through the opening that’s made its home in his shoulder. “Cas
“Dean, I heard shouting, what happened,” Cas says, ignoring him completely, he’s holding back, his chest heaving after what Dean can only assume was a run to find him. “You’re hurt?”
Sam wilts as does Jack. All he does is stay shut in his room, staring at the ceiling as though he’s trying to see into heaven. As though he's trying to find his faith again.
Dean tries to ignore the hollow feeling in his chest until every other ingredient is collected; he refuses to allow himself to be overcome with the dashed hopes that the needs of the spell has created.
Full disclosure I cried several times while writing this chapter, Cas made a huge step to be the person he wants to be, a step that wasn't easy, and maybe even one he wouldn't have had to make for years, but he made it here and he just has to see where the chips fall.
Alfie spends most of the day at his or Anael’s waist, though he would seek out their parents if they weren’t so busy with everything. His father is locked away in his study for reasons no one knows and his mother’s busy with welcoming and getting his family settled.
For all his awareness of each movement, he isn't prepared when Dean walks himself backwards moving them out of the setting sun's reach. Though they aren’t directly under it, the indirect light causes Dean’s eyes to shine brighter. Castiel’s gaze drops to Dean’s lips as Dean’s back hits the weathered side of the stables. It’s all too slow and too quick, his mind too caught up in bouncing between everything that’s happening, to focus on one thing for long.
Dean steps forward and picks up the pen from the only table in the stables. Absently Castiel hears Ringer huff; he hears the drone of the insects and the calls of the birds, but it all seems disconnected from him.
“Ya well I didn’t exactly have anything to write down on them back then, did I?” he says in a minorly clipped tone.
They don’t stay much longer, the daylight wanes as the sun descends west and neither wants to get stuck making camp when it's already dark. They make it a few more miles and set up, Dean builds a small fire, Cas manages to cook halfway edible food and they wear matching playfully fond smiles when Cas roots through his stuff and retrieves his flask.
This page too is proper, Jody knows what she’s doing. Castiel never doubted that, but he also doesn’t know how many hands had a part in making this contract, and he’s not about to let Dean make a mistake with this simply because he didn't do his due diligence.
“Castiel what is it you wanted to talk to us about,” his ma says when she sees him hovering just outside the doorway.
“With us. What's going to become of us when we get to her farm? Will it be like it was, only being able to be together after the sun’s gone down, using nightfall and supper routines as a cover. How do we even know she’ll allow me on the property. And if she does, how do we go about everyone else there? I wouldn’t think it unlikely that the second you step a foot past her border any woman in a ten-mile radius will try to get you to court them. What are we to do when that happens? We didn't think this through Dean we got caught up in the moment and now… now I—”
He isn't sure if he would call it a blessing or a curse when his ma yells again into the dark of the night, but it snaps the moment in two and he passes one final look at Winchester before leaving. For the first time since laying eyes on the man, he’s faced with an oddly doe-eyed look that makes him think that for all this man pretends he is above the horrors he seems to be weighed down by he is still a child in his own right same as him, in response he offers a small smile, kind and gentle as what he gives to his youngest siblings, before walking through the yard separating the two buildings.
He’s never thought himself dumb enough to expect fairness from the universe, but this seems unjustly cruel.
“Yeah, we’re a small family,” Dean says as he rips a fallen leaf into thin strips. “I assume Cas gave you my name?”
Instead, he arches his spine slightly and sends his lower half back towards Cas. A low growl tells him he hit his mark but he doesn’t react, instead he acts as though he’s focusing all his attention on Ringer.
Dean’s face falls when he tells him that he has to talk to his pa and can’t stay as long as he normally would, but this is important, it’s necessary to understand what caused this.
Dean begins to wonder if they will sit in silence until Cas returns with the Vaseline but as his ma sits on the other chair and sets her sights on his mangled leg, she strikes up a short conversation.
He doesn't notice Cas coming up to him until his shoes step into his line of vision. His hands sway, wanting to reach out for Dean but not knowing if he’s allowed.
But now, as Cas maneuvers them both to the ground, he doesn't have to worry if he’s pushing Cas into something he's not mentally ready for. He ends up on his back, the uneven ground digs into his shoulders but he can’t find it in him to care.
It hasn’t been the easiest to have to keep that part of them silent for the most part here. Up at Jody’s, it’s fine, but in town, there are too many eyes, they both know that, but it doesn't make it any easier.
When the sound of the seal snapping off the wax sounds, Castiel turns again, and how apropos is it that the sun that had been shining into the dirt-covered wood of the stable’s floor has since been swallowed by clouds. His sun is leaving, the sun is gone.
When he gets close enough, Dean reaches out and grabs the boxes from him. Cas stands still as Dean slides them beside his belongings under the gig's seat, grateful once again that Jody wrongly assumed that Dean would be packing more than he is.
Both past and present iterations of Dean would desire the rose’s thorns over its petals, one because the life he lived wasn't one that allowed for petal-soft touches and the other because he has been shown that there’s a darkness inside of him that he can no longer bury.
“Well I for one am glad he took that so well,” he says to one of the ambling pigs, though the only response he's given is a disgruntled snort. “It could have gone a lot worse, couldn’t it? But I'm right you know, Ibby is getting along great and Cas, well he doesn't like him all too much, ‘s not his fault mind you, it’s just the way of things.” His audience makes no comment on his assessment, the animals choosing to simply carry on as though he wasn't there at all. It makes him smile, to be able to speak freely and not worry about who might be hearing, he never thought he could value something so simple as much as he does.
“I have some ideas, but sharing them would take away half the fun,” Cas says as he leans in, a whisper’s breath away from Dean’s lips. “You’ll just have to wait and see.” He holds his stance for another moment, the tension around them hums against his skin, just as he’s about to lean in to close the minuscule distance Cas pulls back with a self-satisfied smirk on his face. “I’ll see you later, maybe I’ll bring the flask,” he says with a teasing hilt to his voice.
“Say it again,” Cas grinds out with a brutal thrust that makes Dean keen. “Say my name again, Dean.”
The wound on his leg hadn’t been as cooperative as the other injuries, the binding on his leg hadn’t done as much as Cas and his ma had hoped to close up the wound, and it had to be sewn up. He’d only ever had something like that done to him once before. Luckily for him though the one time he’d done it had been with poor tools and as such had hurt a fair deal more than when Cas’ ma took the needle to his leg.
“You know scars can often mean someone else did disreputable acts against you, I still think that you are blaming far too much on yourself.”
“Hey’o!” A woman calls from the porch. She makes her way down to them, all warm smiles and cheery disposition. She stops close in at Jody’s side when she reaches them.
To make his point land with more certainty he moves, his leg drops from Cas’ waist and—though his hip grinds a bit—he extracts his other leg from its perch on his shoulder as Cas shuffles about to give him the room to do so. Cas slumps down, half on half off of him, once his leg is out in front of him.
“Like I said, I was tryna make friends, if I’m gonna be working on him soon as Ibby’s done I figured it best to build a friendship with him as quick as I could,” he forces out as Cas frees his trapped arm.
“You managed to teach me how to read and write well enough to sign contracts and scribe letters, don’t underestimate your abilities Cas, you’re capable of a hell of a lot more than you think,” he insists. “If you can get an adult to learn when at first he was beyond apprehensive of the entire idea, you can get kids to do the same.”
“My family’s been the only ones to work the land since I don't know when, I think my great-grandfather was the one who started the farm but it might have been his father before him. We almost lost the farm during the war, when some folks in town had heard that my grandfather was siding with the north they tried to burn it all down, when the south lost, as it should have—” Cas says it almost as a challenge, as though he’s daring him to argue, having no reason to he stays quiet, “—the town ran those folks out and since then there hasn't been much issue, people tend to find out quickly that the town doesn't stand for that bigotry.” Cas picks at the sleeve of his shirt absently.
Team free will 2.0 was reduced to a three year old fighting against his really pissed off grandfather. A three year old who knew he’s going to lose, he may have been stronger than the angels but he’s not stronger than god. Dean knew it as well as Jack seemed to, and his only wish was that their kid would see the other side of this war.
“You know you’re pretty fucking dense, if in my universe and yours we both love Castiel and in my universe Castiel loved me, what does that mean for your universe’s Castiel?” His counterpart asked clearly beyond exasperated, at least he got that right without even having to look.
The rest of the day is a whirlwind, after they unpack what little belongings they brought with them—Cas spends some time setting his books and a small collection of trinkets along a few of the shelves in the parlour, his expression a swirling mix that changes with each breath—Dean takes some time to check the cellar and the food available in the kitchen, he walks through the house, out along the front and back porches as they wait for Jody to come back.
Cas is still looking at him, eyes roaming his features. A crease forms between his brows and Dean longs to reach out to smooth it with the pad of his fingers, or perhaps lean in and smooth it with a press of his lips, but he holds back.
he understands that nothing had changed, except for him, in that week for Cas. And then in all his righteous fury, Cas had cornered him in the stables and demanded an explanation. How was Dean supposed to answer? He hardly understood the breadth of his feelings himself, let alone try to put them into words for Cas to hear.
Unlike the first time they shared the flask, in a then unknown first night celebration, Dean moves in close to catch the deep dark blue of Castiel’s eyes in the soft yellow of the room.
Rolling his eyes, exasperated he states, “Thank you, I only hope the buyer sees the same as you do.”
The dopey look never leaves Cas’ face for more than a second—dropping only to step in with a directive of some kind—and Dean feels his cheeks heat more each time he catches Cas training his gaze on him.
When he gets back—with breakfast in tow—Cas is up, tearing around the room, pacing and swearing up a storm. When he catches sight of Dean, food in hand, he stops and drops his right hand from where it had been gripping into his hair with a heavy exhale.
“Where’d you get this burn from?” she asks and Dean curses internally, in the rush of the new injuries he’d forgotten about hiding the rope lashes on his right shoulder.
I can't even pick a talking point about this one because so much went down but uhh so much for Dean's one week stay huh?
For Cas to see him, truly see him, could be disastrous, but those feelings he never quite understood in other people, are starting to make him want to try.
Dean strides up next to him and flicks the revolver open, with deft fingers, he slides the three new bullets into their temporary homes. He gives the gun a once over while more of the inner workings are exposed before he spins the cylinder again and clicks it back into place. He looks up and sees that Cas’ eyes are trained on the gun in his hand and the flush has come back, stretching down his face to his neck and disappears down the back of his shirt.
“Well we’re real happy to have you boys here, I’ll let you get back to it and I’ll see ya all later,” Donna says with a wave as she heads back into the house.
“I asked about you after he came home the day before last; felt it was necessary to gain whatever information I could about you,” Gabriel says with another sly look.
He reaches forward to the bottom of Cas’ shirt and lifts it up more quickly than Cas had done so with his. Still with each new inch of skin exposed his breathing becomes shorter and shorter. It’s nothing he hasn't seen already but now, now he can spend time looking, storing every detail for later, for
Unbidden a memory surfaces, he’s twelve, Sam barely eight and the latter has just come home from school with a trick to show him, it's blazing hot in the valley, far too hot for him not to be sweating but Sam shows no signs of issue with the heat.
“I’m good angel, it’s just been a while, forgot what it felt like,” Dean assures him, running a hand through his roughed up hair.
Dean’s slack-jawed as she finishes speaking but he composes himself enough to say, “Yes Ma’am, th—thank you Ma’am.”
Kate who made good on the second chance she was given, everyone left from apocalypse world, even the oddball Sam and Dean from the Kia driving, private plane owning, man-bun wearing universe, the fucker even goes after Jerry from their fourth case all those years ago which really is just pushing the envelope.
“No! I mean no uh stay, I think we should maybe talk huh?” He hated how much his body was betraying him at that moment.
He and Cas answer at the same time, Cas with “Yes Pa.” and him with an “Of course Sir.” and though he doesn’t turn to confirm it he thinks he sees Cas focus his stare on him for just a moment.
, but it lasted only a brief second before it faded again, leaving Dean cold, plagued by his fear, guilt, and self-doubt.
:: There is a theory that some historians ascribe to that Judas' supposed last name, 'Iscariot', is a play on the Latin word 'Sicarii' or 'Dagger Men'. The implication being that Judas was an assassin/zealot, an idea which lends itself easily to him being a hunter.
“Dean! What the hell happened?” Sam was crouched on the floor next to him, his eyes wide with horror; he had been jolted awake by the sound of Dean screaming in a language that sounded vaguely like Hebrew. He’d bolted out of bed to find Dean lying on the floor, the back of his flannel shirt intact, but stained in ever-thickening crisscross patterns of blood.
James nodded in understanding. He turned his gaze over to Jesus. “So, what are we going to do?” he asked, concerned. “We can’t afford to buy more.”
is my mission now.” Jesus paused. “And perhaps,” he glanced up at the night sky. “Perhaps it always was.” He brushed the tears roughly away from his cheek.
Dean wished he could move and not just because of the bleeding. Though church had always made him feel uncomfortable, it felt almost foreign to him now. Alien. The organ music made him long for the sound of a cantor chanting in Hebrew. The statues stirred up anger at Roman battle standards —graven images—placed outside The Temple.  Though it was covered by a purple cloth, he couldn’t even look at the crucifix hanging behind the altar. It brought up images of half-rotted corpses tied up along roadsides.
A smile spread across Castiel’s face. He lowered himself down to his knees and slid his hand onto Dean’s inner thigh, moving it upwards until he hit the fly of Dean’s jeans. He squeezed his hand around the hard bulge just under the denim of Dean’s jeans.
“But Ima would never do that.” James shook his head. “They were married in the summer. You were born the following spring.”
Dean slowly opened his eyes. The late morning sun that filtered through the motel window had stirred him awake. He was lying on top of the comforter and his body ached all over. Dean could see his pillow resting on the ground against the bottom of the bed and he sighed. Careful not to jostle his back, he reached down to pick it up off the floor, covering his head with the pillow to block out the sunlight and pulling the comforter around him in a desperate grab for a few more moments of sleep.
They were footsteps Dean knew all too well. “Hey Sammy.” Dean turned around, his gaze following Sam as he walked the short distance down the aisle.
The three of them continued up the hill. They only got a couple steps before Castiel turned around and said softly. “I’m sorry.”
When the truck got closer, Dean could see that the paint was chipped, exposing rotted wood; its windows were boarded up. The church’s congregation was long gone, likely uprooted by the dust bowl seventy years earlier, but the county nevertheless was seeing to its upkeep as a place of historical significance.
:: Hashem, meaning ‘The Name’, is one of the names for God in Judaism. In Judaism, God’s name is considered to be very powerful and is treated with the utmost respect. The four letter name of God (The Tetragrammaton) is never spoken out loud. The word “Adoni” meaning “The Lord” is used in both Jewish prayer and liturgy. Outside of a religious context, God is typically referred to as Hashem.
Reluctantly, Dean’s eyes drifted down to his hands, turning his palms upwards. They were almost as perfect as the day they clawed their way out of that pine box, unbroken and unblemished. Sporting little more than calluses he quickly regained thanks to shovels and socket wrenches.
under my damn skin. You want that Sam? Because I sure as shit don’t. I wouldn’t wish this upon my worst enemy.”
“Shit!”  Dean ran over to them. He placed each of his hands on their foreheads. Heat spread through his hands.
else knows, he’s just a regular snot-nosed kid and he’ll be one until he gets tapped. All you’ve gotta do is
That night, before going to bed, Dean took the wooden bunny hanging on the inside of the nursery door and carved a devil’s trap into the back of it.
“Ya know...” Dean cleaned his throat. “...Like did her husband mention anything strange going on in their house?  Strange smells? Lights flickering?”
Sam lowered his hand, wiping his nose with his sleeve as discreetly and quickly as possible just before his brother entered the room. “Yeah, I’m fine.” He cleared his throat. “
:: According to all three synoptic gospels, Jesus performed countless exorcisms during his ministry. Doing so with little more than a command that the demon leave the victim. Often the demon is seen to taunt Jesus, such as in the Exorcism at the Synagogue in Capernaum in the Gospels of Luke and Mark.
As Dean lay there, disorientated and covered in scratches and dirt, he could hear Zachariah yelling at Castiel about rebellions and this being his last time.
“No, he doesn’t.” Anna shook her head. “We’ve asked far too much of Dean already.” She paused. “If Lucifer is released, we’ll be asking the impossible of him. Dean will have to—”
The night was cold. Far colder than the arid, cool nights Castiel had come to recognize as normal. A chill had swept its way through the city’s narrow streets, freezing the stone rooftops that a few hours before were baked in heat and sunlight. He leaned against the frigid wall of a balcony on the third floor of an inn, staring up at the moon as it rose over the city through a haze of fog. Though the cold air had no effect on him, he knew his vessel would likely be shivering.
Because this is historical fiction, any views or opinions expressed by the characters are what I feel are appropriate given the time and place. They do not reflect my own views.
“A few of John’s followers came from that village.” Jesus shifted his eyes. “ I met some of them at the Jordan and with John dead—”
Sam would have embraced being the Son of God with open arms the moment Castiel had told him. He would have had nothing but faith in what he was, unlike the doubt that always lingered in the back of Dean’s mind.
John looked up, an excited smile spreading across his face. “A boy? You must be bummed that we can’t name him Deanna. You were so set on it.”
“So… I’m not just The Second Coming.” Dean’s words hung in the air. He took another deep pull from his beer, turning his gaze over to Bobby. “Turns out I was a carpenter in a previous life.”
Dean stood up and walked over to the row of phones in Bobby’s kitchen, picking up the house phone. He stared down at the receiver, taking a deep breath before he dialed Sam’s cell phone number.
They walked about one hundred feet away from the fence when Sam saw it.  A three-story, sprawling, red-brick building with rows of small arched windows. Many of the window panes were cracked or broken and the brick was covered in layers of graffiti.
god,” Simon stated. “The god of our ancestors. Hashem. But there are other gods. Monsters that require human sacrifice.” He gestured over to Judas. “We would know. Our clan's ancestors helped Moses and Aaron kill the gods of Egypt, the Prophet Elijah kill Ba’al and the Maccabees kill Zeus after Antiochus the Wicked forced his worship in The Temple.”
Claire nodded. She let out a tiny sob. Dean reached over and hugged her, pulling her against his chest. “It’s okay. You’re gonna be okay.”
thing.” Dean tapped his index finger against his temple. “I have this wall...thing up here. It’s holding all of those memories back but—” He took a deep breath. “—It’s breaking. It’s
before you broke. In fact, I was looking forward to it. But all it took was a measly thirty years and all I had to do was hang you up on a tree for a few days. It was kind of disappointing. Anticlimactic, you could say.” A sick grin spread across Alastair’s face. “But I shouldn’t complain, after all you were such a great help to us, what with you breaking the first Seal and all.”
Ruby quickly reached for the knife on the nightstand, running it down the space between the bottom of her naval and the hem of her underwear, a thin stream of blood seeping out of the wound.
Dean lay there in silence for a while before he pulled the left sleeve of his shirt up, his eyes squinting hard at the mark on his shoulder. He scoffed bitterly. Burying himself under the covers, he curled his shivering body into itself as that terrible aching sorrow once again wrapped itself tight around his heart.
“Right. St. Francis was different from Padre Pio and both were totally different from Catherine of Siena,” Sam paused as he aimlessly wrote something down in the notebook. “Is there anything that
Sam’s spread and its meaning based on my interpretation of the tarot is as follows: 1.) Death: Sam's Addiction, 2.) The Tower: His Powers Manifesting. 3.) Strength: Azazel Giving Him His Powers/Killing Mary, 4.) Eight of Wands: Sam and Dean fighting over his powers. 5.) The Star: The seals bring broken. 6.) The Devil: Lucifer being released. 7.) Seven of Cups: Sam's Hubris 8.) The Priestess: Ruby manipulating him. 9.) The Hanged Man: The threat of Dean Dying. 10.) The Sun: Dean becoming something sacred.
“Son of a Bitch!” He grit his teeth as he entered Bobby’s study, darting to the overfilled, leaning, bookshelf, rummaging through antique books and illuminated manuscripts. Most were in Latin, a few in Hebrew and Aramaic.
Slowly Dean opened his eyes to find Bobby kneeling on the floor next to him, a bucket of water resting between them.
Before leaving Pontiac, Dean and Bobby stopped at the Pontiac Family Kitchen- a mom and pop diner Bobby insisted on stopping at because he had eaten there whenever he took a trip on Route 66.
Sam.”There was an uneasy crack in Dean’s voice as he lowered himself back down into the chair with a wince. He collected himself before he spoke again, “Castiel said that God ‘Chose me’ as his Son. So… I don’t know. I guess God…
“That’s because it is,” Bobby retorted, taking a sip from his coffee. “You’re not exactly batting a thousand here, Dean.”
“Zachariah,” Castiel said. His gaze drifted down to the leather coin purse, heavy with silver pieces, tied to his belt. “You didn’t have to make Judas take blood money.” Castiel nodded at the dagger at Zachariah’s waist—its blade made of silver and etched in old Hebrew—and the hamsa pendant dangling around his neck, just visible under the hood of his cloak. He noted the small cloth bag filled with clumps of rock salt, a slingshot hanging loosely on the other side of his belt.
Before turning onto the highway, they stopped at a Burger King where Dean ordered two double whoppers, large fries, onion rings and a shake. Within ten minutes, the food was gone. Only the shake and a few fries at the bottom of the grease-stained bag remained. It was more than Dean had eaten in months, so much so that he almost got nauseous from it, but he couldn’t find it in himself to care. It was
Dean and Bobby sat in silence, making only brief comments about various scenes.  An hour into the film, however, the small talk stopped and the room filled with the sound of Bobby snoring.
At the sound of flapping wings, hope flared in his chest, but he didn’t have the strength to turn around. Behind him, he heard feet scuffling against the sand.
James sighed he slowly walked over to Jesus.  “Out of all of his children, out of all of his sons, why was he always the hardest on you?
Sam lifted her effortlessly from the table and carried her over to the bed where he tossed her onto the mattress. He watched her slide out of her panties while he took off his jeans. When he was free of them, Sam climbed on to the bed, kneeling flush against Ruby’s body. He lifted her left leg, his fingers skimming down the smooth skin of her calf until he found the leather holster that housed her knife.
Anna paused for a moment before she walked back over to Castiel. “Please, Castiel. I know Jesus is your charge and I know that you care for him, but you must do
Angry, bright red welts appeared in his palm. They quickly turned into raised yellow pockets of fluid.
I was talking about the Rapture. All I told them was that they were going to herald your Second Coming and that’s exactly what they did. You revealed yourself to them. The preaching was a bit much, but you finally tapped into that righteous fury.” He smirked. “In fact, if you hadn’t gone into that church, you wouldn’t be here right now.”
After what Michael had told him, Jesus knew Heaven had different plans for him. Then after Joseph died, he had to provide for the family he already had. He couldn’t afford to have a family of his own on top of taking care of nine other people.
Dean placed the glass back down on the table with a light clank, slowly letting go of it. “Well… I could go for a burger.”
“Fucked up again, didn’t you, boy?” Hard and deep, it was a gruff voice that never failed to make his heart race. This voice was familiar and terrifying, one that played in his head more often than his own. It was disappointment and anger and slurred words on drunken Saturday nights.
- sitting around a campfire set among acacia trees. Shared goatskins of wine and laughter and drawn out discussions about Torah.
“Your color’s starting to come back.” A shocked smile spread across Sam’s mouth, relief tinged his voice. “How are you feeling?”
Dean chuckled, “First, God commands you to pull my ass outta Hell because ‘he has work for me.’ Then, I’m supposed to prevent the fucking Apocalypse.
Sam sat there for a moment. He stared down at his phone and then at the empty flask before he shoved both into his jacket and pulled out of the parking lot.
“Now, you’re sure you don’t want me to go in alone?” Bobby asked, straightening his tie. “It’s been a while since you’ve done this.”
:: Apparitions of the Virgin Mary are common in Catholic lore. Most often, she said to appear to children. The two most well-known examples are Fatima Portugal from 1917 where she is believed to have been seen by three children, Lúcia Santos and Francisco and Jacinta Marto, and Lourdes France in 1858 where she is believed to been seen by Bernadette Soubirous.
Recoiling and spitting out blood, Simon was on him in an instant, pushing until they both slammed against the wall of the synagogue. They exchanged blow after blow before James and Judah grabbed them, pulling them apart, revealing Simon’s face, a large bruise blossoming on his jaw and left eye swollen. Jesus had a split lip; his knuckles were bruised.
Castiel had always known Dean’s name and its significance; though the exact circumstances of how and when the man attached to it would be born had always remained a mystery to him until one cold January morning when that mystery ceased. There were no heavenly choirs, just a crying baby and a new mother whose dreams from the first time she felt him kick had told her that angels would keep him safe.
“I know this is hard for you. Given the bond the two of you had. He didn’t want to leave you. Again.” Jimmy paused. “In fact, his last thoughts were of you and how much he loved you.”
Slowly, Bobby turned his gaze back over to Dean, staring at him.  Were it not for the scars and the stillness of his body, he almost looked as though he was sleeping.
Sam, on the other hand, didn’t move an inch. A grin spread across his face as he watched her walk right into the trap.
“You sure about that?” Bobby squinted at him. “Because from where I’m standing it seems to me like you’re gonna be needed here.”
“I don’t wanna leave my mommy and sister alone.” Aleah shook her head, tears starting to fall from her eyes. “And I’m scared,” she whispered, guilt tingeing her words.
The day had started off well for Dean. He woke up early and had spent the morning in Bobby’s salvage yard taking apart cars. The hubcaps and tires on a 1993 Toyota Celica, the transmission on a 2007 Honda Accord, the brake pads on a 2004 Chevrolet Silverado.
“An angel.” Dean’s voice was blunt. “I’m sure you’ve heard by now that they’re walkin’ the Earth. Maybe you even heard of them speaking to people. Well, they’re here because of me.”
Dean glanced over at the truck driver, Tom, an elderly man pushing near eighty. He had offered Dean a ride completely unsolicited back in Lakin. Dean had learned through conversation that as a young man, he’d gone to jail for stabbing a man in a bar fight. “Hey, this is where I get off.”
He didn’t want to stop driving. Partly because he didn’t want the feeling to end, partly because he knew that when he stopped, he’d have to go looking for Sam. A Sam that, Dean hoped, wasn’t gone.
Sam nodded. “Yeah, and they all kicked my ass.” In truth, Sam hadn’t had a drop of alcohol in weeks. He dumped a handful of sugar packets into his replenished coffee.
He had a Purple Heart and Vietnam Service medal pinned to his hat and a white cane in hand; his eyes were covered by sunglasses.
“Yes, I do Cas.” Dean pulled his beanie, jacket, and flannel off, tossing them to the floor. He held his wrists out.
Sam nodded, biting back a smile. “You didn’t happen to see a drifter with a duffle bag come through here recently, did you?” he asked, taking his wallet out of his back pocket and pulling out a creased photo. It was one of Dean tinkering with the Impala’s engine. Sam had taken it the summer after Dean made his deal and it had been in his wallet ever since. “He’d be a little shorter than me and have light brown hair and green eyes? He probably ordered just a black coffee and hummed cheesy ‘80’s rock music to himself?”
“Wonderful.” The wife led the two of them down the hallway to the pastor’s office. The room was empty when they walked inside. “He should be here shortly.” She smiled as she gestured to a set of chairs across from a desk that both of them sat down in. She gave them a nod and left the room.
“It’s a thing in Roman Catholic lore. Sometimes saints when they die their bodies don’t decompose. It’s a sign of their sainthood and it’s used to canonize them, like miracles or apparitions. There’s a ton of examples: Bernadette of Lourdes, Clare of Assisi, Padre Pio. ”
But the night before, Dean had heard something else in his dreams: The Voice. It was accompanied by the rustle of wings, wailing cries as a whip cracked through the air, mocking laughter and mourning sobs, and the terrible sound of wood and iron striking against each other.
At first, he walked along a tributary of the Jordan River, taking shelter and food from shepherds and caravans that traveled along it. One caravan traveling east from Jerusalem told Jesus around a campfire one night that John had been arrested by Herod Antipas and executed shortly thereafter. They claimed that he was beheaded by Herod on a drunken whim.
Hunters were small in number and tended to live in seclusion, but they were well known. King Solomon himself had been one. Mothers would get amulets from them to protect their infants from Lilith and fathers, before building a home would get engraved bowls and bury them under the foundation of their houses to ward off demons. Some hunters were rumored to be able to tap into great angelic and mystical powers.
“The wounds are a heavy burden to carry, I know.” Castiel sighed. “But you misunderstand. They are not intended to kill you. Nor are they
The two demons grabbed Dean and carried him down the stairs through the horde of demons who followed behind them. They dragged him through the parking lot and into the main road where a wooden utility pole with was standing in the grass just before it.
Feet that chased after monsters and demons. Hands that healed the injured and raised the dead. These hands and feet had brought so many salvation and gave so many hope without being pierced. Dean needed his hands. He needed his feet. He
“Bobby’s,”  Dean said bluntly. “That’s the only place I wanna be right now.” Dean wrapped his arms around his torso, ghosting his fingers over the bones on the left side of his ribcage.
“Man, I hate cops,” Dean hissed, sitting up in the pew. “Thanks for getting him off my ass— I mean, uh, butt.” Dean flung his duffle bag over his shoulder and limped his way out of the pew. “Sorry, Sister.” He winced, half stumbling into the aisle.
Uriel shook his head and sighed, taking a few steps away. “Then you remember why Dean Winchester needs to get his act together and learn some
“First you followed John around the desert, and then you started causing scenes in the synagogue.” She sobbed. “I thought it couldn’t get worse than that, but now
The vessel Castiel was wearing was a man named Simon, from the town of Cyrene. He was far from perfect, a second or third cousin of his first vessel, and because of that he was weak, but Castiel hadn’t had a choice. Zachariah had cloaked his first vessel and his family, and Castiel didn’t have the time to go searching for them, let alone convince them to accept his possession.
Seeing the makeshift cross, Dean didn’t scream. He was utterly quiet and still while the demons unlocked the handcuffs and tied him the two by four. It wasn’t until the nail pierced his right hand, breaking bones and tendons, that he screamed.  Not because of the pain, but because of the sound.  The hammer hitting the nail and striking against wood dragged up memories of smoke, sulfur and white eyes. They intermingled with memories of arid heat and a mother’s sobbing.  Memories of terror and sadness, hopelessness, and abandonment.
The voice returned, echoing through his mind with its sorrow and pain; but it was still gentle. Dean understood it, despite its unknown tongue, just as he had been able to before.
Jesus learned they were heading to the Jordan River for cleansing at the hands of a man called John the Baptizer. Jesus knew him better as his cousin, John bar Zechariah. He was supposed to become a Temple priest like his father before him, but instead joined the Essenes, a monastic order who lived near the Dead Sea. A few months later, he left the order and went down to the banks of the Jordan, preaching about the coming Kingdom of God, the end of the world and, more importantly, repentance.
Sam finished up the rest of his breakfast as he went about the task of cleaning up the motel room and packing their belongings and hunting equipment, bringing them out to the Impala while Dean stayed seated at the table, slowly drinking his coffee. It took Sam a single trip before he was able to walk Dean out to the Impala and check out of the motel, leaving Dean’s untouched food behind in the trash bin.
Dean grew quiet. Slowly, he lifted his head up, gazing at the crucifix hanging behind the altar. “This is my blood, spilt for the sins of many,” he whispered, still speaking Aramaic. He looked at the crucifix only briefly before turning his eyes to Castiel. “You were there that night. At the Last Supper.” This time Dean spoke in English, his voice no more than a hoarse whisper. “Do you remember it?”
Gritting his teeth, Sam clenched his hand shut, his knuckles turning white and his nails digging into his palm. His heartbeat grew louder, faster. Chaotic. Pain throbbed at the base of his spine.  A single drop of blood fell from his nose.
When he wasn’t being coaxed into eating food that he had no appetite for, Dean slept. It was a sleep filled with dreams or, as Dean now understood them to be, visions. Visions of men draped in Roman legionnaire garb, visions of their mockery and degradation. He watched them twist a crown from a thorn bush and place a scarlet cape around his shoulders, letting it cling to the wounds on his back just long enough before they ripped it off, taking blood clots and skin with it, laughing as he screamed.
Briefly Castiel turned his gaze to Bobby.  As far as he could tell, the older man hadn’t noticed the changes in Dean, or if he had noticed them, Bobby didn’t feel compelled to mention them.
When she finished wrapping Dean’s wounds, she grabbed the first aid kit and the glass of water and made her way back over to the counter. She only made it a few steps before she looked into the glass, stopping for just a moment before she continued her walk to the counter. She put the first aid kit and glass down and crossed herself, her hands trembling.
Castiel sighed deeply, taking a couple of steps closer. “Purging demon blood from a human being is extremely difficult.” He paused. “Near impossible. Not even angels possess the power to do it.”
Anna shook her head. "Don’t pay attention to him, Castiel. Demons lie,” she said matter-of-factly. “They’ll lie about Jesus even more so.”
“That’s enough out of you!” Anna shouted.  She walked over to the demon. In a swift motion, Anna plunged her sword into the side of the demon’s torso. His body lit up and convulsed before going limp against the post. Pulling the blade out, she looked at Castiel. “I want you to go and find Balthazar. Make sure he takes on another vessel. I don’t care how much he enjoys roasted swine, we’re supposed to be inconspicuous. Possessing a Roman Legionnaire in Galilee is the exact opposite of that.”
Ruby was a desperately needed escape from the constant pressure of caring for his brother. Ruby was nice curves in a low-cut tank top and tight jeans. She was body heat and sweet moans not held back as they moved together in an impassioned rhythm, skin against skin.
? You’ve been having them a lot lately.” John chuckled. “I’ll see you tonight. I gotta go into work. Tom called out.
“Yeah.” Dean took a deep breath as he pulled the Christmas light boxes out of the bag. He glanced between the boxes and the tree ornament. “You know, what was thinking of paying Rufus a visit.”
The phone rang once. Twice. Three times, four times. There was no ‘hello’ or even the sudden cut off of a ring; a sign that call was rejected. It just kept ringing.
He went back down into the basement and went over to the panic room, once again opening the slot, his eyes locking on Dean’s body. It was the exact same way he had left it.  No discoloration. No bloat. Nothing. Dean could almost be sleeping.
Mary backed away from him, her eyes wide with shock. “You’re some kind of trickster, aren’t you?” She scanned him warily.
Dean rose from the chair and walked over to her bedside, his hand still gripping Aleah’s. “Don’t worry. I’m gonna make the pain go away.” His voice shook, but it was filled with confidence and certainty. “I’m gonna make you feel better, alright sweetheart?”
Sam shot him a look of frustration, wrapping Dean’s arm over his shoulders as they started the slow and limping walk over to Dean’s bed. He lowered his brother down, but not carefully enough, causing Dean to hiss as he repositioned himself to his side.
Jesus nodded. He flung his bag and goatskin over his shoulder and wrapped the scarf back over his head. “Once I get back to the river I just need to follow it north to Galilee. It shouldn't take more than a fortnight to get home.”
“It’s okay Dean. Just try to stay awake.” Sam’s fingers tightened around the steering wheel, a deep breath leaving his mouth as he sped the car up.
“Good.” Dean nodded. “It felt…” he paused. “Right.” Dean threaded his fingers in between Castiel’s, pulling him tighter around him. He was quiet.
. Every night. On Fridays, I lie in bed bleeding, in agony, for eighteen hours straight.” Dean’s voice shook with anger and fear. “I walk around on a daily fuckin’ basis feeling like my body’s gonna explode at any second because I’ve got
Then it was gone. There was no silence. No flapping wings. No visions. No twinges of pain, no bleeding. Nothing. There was only the sadness that lingered around him like the last rays of sunlight streaming onto the kitchen table.
“You have a wall holding the memories back. It’s cracking, and soon, it will crumble,” Castiel said softly. He paused for a moment, watching him. “Even though it’s the same soul, it’s still
He stopped, clutching his temples before he shook his head and moved on. He had to focus on his mission.
“It’s the only way to insure that they don’t return.” Simon shrugged. “But when we bury our own fallen, we don’t burn them on pyres like the pagan hunters do. We bury their bodies inside of tombs. We just drape a tallit over the burial wrappings and wash the entrance of the tomb with salt water. An easy feat since we live near the Dead Sea.” He took a sip of his wine. “That’s one of the many ways we’re different from pagan hunters.”
At the sight of the scars, Jimmy froze. Slowly he reached over and grabbed Dean’s hands, pulling his wrists closer to him.
Ruby shifted in her seat, facing Sam. “You know Sam, I’m no expert on your brother, but I’m guessing that if Dean
“I’d love to.” Dean placed his hand gently against Susan’s belly, letting the heat flow from his fingers as surreptitiously as possible. He felt the baby kick hard before he pulled his hand away. “You’re not kidding.” Dean chuckled. “She’s gonna make one helluv—
Sam caught him before he could fall out of the car and onto the pavement, his eyes wide as bruises appeared on the front and back of Dean’s left wrist. The bruises turned red and split open, becoming a circular, deep, bleeding wound. Dean screamed again.
“Only when I heal am I ever really sure of it.” Jesus paused, taking a sip. “But the angels keep telling me that I can only heal those who need it. That some are more deserving of it than others.” Annoyance filled his voice. “Now they’re telling me to stop healing and focus solely on stopping Lucifer. They say that there are bigger concerns now than a few cripples and lepers.”
Ruby’s face relaxed, and she reached up to pull him in for a kiss. “No one thought I could turn you. No one had the faith I had, ” she whispered. “We’ll be
Then Dean remembered. He remembered everything.  Honey cakes. A carpenter’s stall. The smell of Lebanon cedar shavings. A brother’s hair he tussled, another brother’s jaw he punched. Desert heat. Cool lake waters. The near constant taste of wine on his lips. A canopy he finally stood under. The frightening but precious feel of his hand pressed against a swollen belly as his child’s foot kicked it.
His phone began to vibrate in his pocket. Dean pulled his phone out of his pocket, his hands trembling. It was Bobby. Dean just let it ring. The ringing ended and his phone flashed with a missed call.
Sam brought Dean into Bobby’s room, sitting him carefully down on the bed. “…You gonna be okay?” he asked as he untied Dean’s boots.
, every moment of every day. Dean could even feel it coursing through his veins every time he placed a hand on an injured person or exorcised a demon. Heat
Various people were standing in the aisles with faded smears of ash on their foreheads and most of them had half-priced packages of fish in their carts.
Dean walked into Bobby’s house, walking into his study.  Now filled with old cardboard boxes. Bobby was sitting in his desk chair, digging through one of them.
Dean raised his hands up above his head. He turned slowly to find Jacob and Susan standing behind him, barrels pointed at him. “I’m Dean,” he said with cautious honesty, eyeing the guns. “And your baby is fine.
Dean walked back over to the pew in silence, sinking into it. He stared blankly at the crucifix hanging on the wall and shook his head.
about this?” Dean cocked an eyebrow as he slowly inched his way over to the angel, anger making his voice crack.
He made his way quickly across the parking lot and into the Impala, climbing into the driver’s seat. He quickly took out his cellphone, calling Bobby.
The demon scoffed. “I got no idea where the bitch is. Even if I did know, I wouldn’t tell you.” The demon glanced over to Ruby, perched on the edge of an old washing machine. “Or the demon riding your joystick.”
“You understand it just as well as I do—better in fact,” James argued. “You have a passion for it. You always have.”
Then Sam heard his name. It was being shouted- loud and desperate, panicked- by a voice he almost didn’t recognize. Rough and raspy, like a shot of whiskey. A voice he thought he’d never hear again.
…” Sam swallowed hard and his chest heaved as his gaze shifted nervously between his brother and the now utterly motionless girl lying inside the charcoal ring.
A slight distance away, Zachariah joined the squad of men. They spoke briefly before marching further into the garden.
Just before he closed the trunk, Sam caught sight of a gold and purple rosary beads laying haphazardly on the floor of the trunk. The chain was broken and one of the beads was missing.
Dean wanted to punch Sam in the face and scream at him. He wanted to tell Sam to walk right back out the bathroom door and get the hell out of his sight, but he didn’t have the strength to do it. He couldn’t even raise his voice beyond a loud whisper. He didn’t have the time to do it. In a few hours he would be dead and, one way or another, he wasn’t coming back.
to exorcise demons.” Dean’s words were blunt. “And they don’t involve me using demonic psychic powers that run the risk of turning me into the Antichrist.”
Castiel stood there, just below the crest of the hill, listening until he heard Mary begin to weep. After that, he left. He was at the base of the hill when he heard Jesus' first blood-curdling scream.
way they can find salvation is by being Born-Again.” The woman’s voice brimmed with confidence and certainty.
“The Angel said you had to speak in the synagogue today?” James whispered as he and Jesus walked to the synagogue.
“You’re alive right now because I convinced Micahel and Zachariah to spare you after what you did the last time.” Anna paused, her face softening. “After what you
“Exactly, and a similar fate has been shared by all men like me.” Jesus' voice was blunt. His face flooded with fear. “You would suffer that fate far swifter than
“Thanks...” Sam blinked at him as he grabbed the plate and beer, putting them in front of him on the table.  He sighed as he bit into the sandwich.
“Faith is always something that came easily to me. I have it not in spite of everything I’ve seen, but because of it. The way I see it, you can’t have darkness without light. I’ve seen enough darkness to believe that the light is out there.” She shrugged.
The power seemed to amplify the sounds around him, from the softest whisper of wind against the wings of a locust to the very movement of the constellations. He heard it all. The sounds pounded against his skull, a constant tick against his consciousness.
“You know, they say bacon’s a good remedy for that. It’ll certainly be easier on your stomach than that waffle,” Jean said in the motherly tone. “Assuming you’re able to eat meat today that is.”
Jesus grew quiet. He reached over and grabbed a cloak, throwing it at James. “Get some sleep. I’ll take the watch.”
going mad.” Jesus' voice shook. “I walk around carrying the sun in my chest.” He took a pull from the wine jug before he walked over to the work table. He placed the hammer and chisel down and grabbed a pumice stone and started to sand the top of the table, his movement fast and nervous.
It was an evening of Jack Daniel’s shots and overzealous flirting. By the end of the night, Dean found himself on his knees out behind the bar; his face between the thighs of a redhead dressed in a denim miniskirt and cut-off Gun & Roses t-shirt, listening to her enraptured blasphemes and feeling her fingers tug at the nape of his neck. Dean hated knowing that such sounds were, in fact, blasphemes and he knew, or at least
Susan nodded. She watched him for a moment, and then placed her hands on her stomach. “You said you… made Charlotte better. What did you heal exactly?”
“I am.” Dean let out a warily chuckle. “Trust me, when I found out, I was about as shocked as you are.”
Bobby sighed, “Well, just make sure you pick up some Johnny Walker Blue Label before  you get there.”
Castiel stood from his perch on the steps and walked inside the church, the fading scent of roses mixing with the smell of burning incense and candles as he wandered down the main aisle, gazing at the stained glass and frescos. Though Dean’s prayers weren’t directed at him, he was drawn to the church by them. He wondered how many—if any—of the parishioners knew whose prayers had joined theirs, if they knew of the sacred mystery that had been sitting amongst them.
“Come and see him, angel,” a woman said. Soft and gentle. It was a treasured voice that Dean had almost forgotten. “Come meet your little brother.”
“And figure out what the fuck it was that attacked me. Or if it really is that pyscho-whatever crap you were talkin’ about last night.” Dean lifted the coffee cup up to his mouth as he shot Sam a look.
Dean quickly collected himself, darting across the room to the motionless girl. He crouched down on the floor next to her, placing a hand lightly on her forehead as he whispered, “Get up.”
voices. They laughed and jeered, mocking him. They also spoke Latin. Even though Dean knew the language, the words the voices spoke sounded foreign and strange to him, almost like he couldn’t understand them.
Dean tried his best to stay calm, folding his arms across his chest, hoping that the bleeding wouldn’t get worse. His eyes locked on the statue, whispering the
Sam quickly brought him over to the Impala, leaning him against the trunk of it as he rummaged through the pockets of Dean’s jacket, trying to find the car keys. Finally, Sam found them and unlocked the back passenger door, quickly sitting Dean down on the seat.
Carefully, Dean placed his free hand on the top of her bare head. As soon as his fingers made contact with her skin, he could feel the heat course through his veins. It ran out from his fingertips, seeping down into her head and through her body. He watched as she quickly gained warmth and her eyes lost their tired gloss.
The video turned to a house, completely demolished some one hundred feet away. There was a shadow of a person climbing out of the rubble, holding something in their arms.
It was a voice Castiel knew, but he couldn’t remember who it belonged to. It was an echo, a foggy, half-forgotten memory.  For an instant, Castiel saw a hill topped with wooden posts. Three of the posts had horizontal beams attached to the top of them. He heard the voice again, this time rattling from the top of one of the posts.  It rung out in a deep, rasping cry of pain in an old language he had almost forgotten, just before the memory slipped away.
“Yes you can,” Sam demanded, gritting his teeth. “You did it when you first got the nails, remember? You can do it again.” Sam cupped his face with one of his hands. “You have to stay with me, Dean.”
Sam jumped up so fast that the couch slid back. He marched out of the house, slamming the door behind him.
Gabriel. I’m here because you and me gotta have a little chat about that bun in the oven you got there. He’s kinda important to the Big Guns Upstairs, if you dig me.”
The man wearing the silver hamsa pendant walked up to him, his steps slow, almost reluctant. “You’re Jesus bar Joseph of Nazareth, aren’t you?” The man asked, his accent Judean rather than the Galilean Jesus was used to hearing.
When he was done, James walked over to him. “Jesus, if you could do this, why did you did you buy from the merchant in the first place?”
“Standing outside is your abomination of a brother.” Zachariah pointed to the door. “The Son of Perdition with a platoon of demons in tow. He’s going to help Lilith break the final Seal.” He smirked. “But before he does that, he’s going to have you killed.”
“Oh? Your feathered buddies didn’t tell you?” Alastair lifted Dean up off the floor, slamming him against the wall. “The first time you took my razor? The first time you sliced into that weeping bitch? That was the first Seal, Dean.”
Sam paused. “As far as we know, no one has ever gotten out of Hell before, Dean. No one. How can you say that’s not even a possibility?” He swallowed hard.
It looked more like a billboard than a church sign, large and looming with a digital screen encased in marble. The church was likewise; sprawling, new, and meticulously well-maintained. Its steeple was so tall it looked as though it actually could touch Heaven. There were three large crosses fixed to the top of it, stark white against the red brick, and in the midmorning sun, they almost glowed.
Aleah shook her head slowly. She watched him in silence as he walked over to the chair and sat down. “Are you gonna take me to Heaven?” Her eyes began to gloss over. She paused, biting her lip. “Can I say goodbye to my mommy and sister first?”
Dean paused for a second. “I’m not really much of the prayin’ type,” he admitted, breathing deeply as he walked back over to her. “But, I’ll pray with you.”
“To the humans, Castiel,” Uriel spat. “He saw them for what they really are: deceitful, murderous, rebellious apes. And Lucifer was right. We gave them paradise and they tossed it away. They were handed this planet and they’ve turned it into filth. They’ve killed themselves over land and the words in our books that aren’t even true begin with.”
why Castiel.” Uriel scoffed as he walked around the front of the sanctuary. “Dean won’t listen to us. He
Before reading this chapter, please read/reread Chapter 1 "A Gentlemen's Coup." The last two sections of this chapter are a continuation of it.
When he finally returned to the city, Jesus' body had been taken down from the cross and placed inside a tomb with little more than a quick washing and a fine linen sheet covering him.  The sun had set, and with it came the Sabbath.  During the night, Castiel sat inside the tomb, watching the pale body cool and stiffen.
After a couple more songs came the scripture reading. It was from the nineteenth chapter of the Book of Revelation. Jesus Christ defeating Satan and casting him into a lake of fire.
“No, I haven’t. And I won’t,” Jesus said bluntly. “That enrages them. They say to me, ‘You must obey us, son of Joseph.’” Jesus paused. “But I’m
