They spent the rest of their time on the phone laughing and discussing things in general. Tony wasn't sure where this was leading to – be it friendship or something more – but he did know one thing already; he was never going to regret meeting Steve Rogers, and he hoped Steve felt the same way about him.
"Chicken and penne pasta with a cheese and vegetable topping," Tony explained. "It's not spicy at all. I think you'll like it." Steve wasn't so sure about that, especially since Tony hadn't elaborated on the term "Spinnocoli," but he figured he could at least give it a shot. If he didn't like it, he didn't like it. No big deal.
The footsteps approached him, but Loki didn't move. He tried to breathe as shallowly as possible and he kept his eyes closed. Something, some little subtlety he overlooked must have given him away. He should have used magic. Even if it would have caused him to use up his energy and pass out again, making him completely vulnerable to this stranger, at least they would have thought he was dead. No, instead they saw right through his act, grabbed him by the hair, and started pulling him across the coarse surface of the ground.
"Right," Bruce said, but Lara could tell by his tone that he wasn't quite convinced. "Would you mind if I went with you?"
"You're not going to lose me," Tony assured. "Even if I have AIDS, it's not the end. I mean, it's possible to live for a long time with the disease now. Just look at Magic Johnson. He's had AIDS for twenty years and he's still alive."
For several minutes, Lara watched as the company of S.H.I.E.L.D. agents tried desperately to get the elevator to work. They could always just take the stairs, but it was 49 floors up to the main penthouse floor and it was less feasible to try to invade via that route. Just to be safe, though, Lara locked the access doors to the stairs.
After getting out of the shower, Carol decided that she could go for a snack. Unsure of what, if anything, might be in the fridge she headed downstairs to check it out. Halfway down the stairs, she spotted Fury standing in the hallway as if he was waiting for her. Without hesitation, Carol made her way down the stairs and approached him.
"Don't know yet," Natasha said. "We need to scope out the situation. Put on your comms but stand down until we know what's going on." Bruce tapped his ear, showing that he already had the comms in place.
"If it makes feel better," he said. "You can scrub the whole room down from top to bottom with Lysol before you let him in there. I just want to do this once and I want everyone to hear this from me directly, and that includes Clint. So please, can you just bring him down here?"
"Understandable," she said. "But you won't have to. We do not need your testimony. You can see everything happen in the video."
"I appreciate it," Tony said. "But you know my rules about being handed things." Natasha rolled her eyes but set the packet down on the counter in front of him.
"This is Agent Romanoff," she said slowly in a deep, hoarse voice, but a very self-assured one none the less. "I copy." She forced herself to her feet and sprinted as fast as she could down the hall. This was the one chance to save Clint – Laura's husband, Cooper and Lila's father, her best friend – she wasn't going to let it slip by and she wasn't going to give up on him. After all, he never gave up on her.
"Alright," she said. "I'll live you to rest, then." She started moving towards the door and Tony headed back to bed.
"No," Tony assured. "You didn't. You're good. I accept your apology, though I wouldn't go so far as to say that you were abusive."
"Probably not," Natasha said. "Although I do have some apologies to make." Tony nodded in agreement.
Natasha seemed to be catching on to the fact that they were purposefully leaving stuff out as well. She looked to Fury and the S.H.I.E.L.D. Director gave her a look that said "we're doing this for a reason. Keep pushing, and this could blow up in all of our faces." Natasha gave a small nod of understanding before turning back to Carol.
Anyways, review if you enjoyed! I'm going to figure out how I'm going to get by without Tumblr for the next week or so.
"It's a stabilizing agent," Tony quickly cut in before turning back to Coulson to quickly finish the conversation he was having with him. "I'm just saying, pick a weekend. I'll fly you to Portland. Keep love alive!" Tony's eyes flicked over to Steve for half a second after he said that last part, and he immediately mentally chastised himself for it. Coulson then went off to take his place where he was supposed to be and Tony continued explaining the purpose of the iridium to the rest of the team. "It means the portal won't collapse on itself like it did at S.H.I.E.L.D." As he passed by Thor, he patted the Thunder God's bicep with the back of his hand. "No hard feelings, Point Break," he said. "You've got a mean swing." His eyes once again flicked over to Steve for half a second. The other man had seemingly no reaction. "Also," Tony continued. "it means the portal can open as wide and stay open as long as Loki wants." He came to a stop when he reached Fury's command post. "Uh, raise the mizzenmast, jib the topsails," he ordered the agents around him, who just gave him weird looks. Looking across at the agents' computers, he quickly noticed that one person didn't have his screen on what he was supposed to. "That man is playing
"No, you won't," he said. "I promise you won't, not on my watch. I'll die before you do." Steve could tell that sentiment scared Tony a little by the way he tensed up in his arms. Steve really didn't care. He meant it. He'd rip out his own lungs to give Tony an emergency transplant before he let him asphyxiate to death in his sleep. That was the truth of it.
, but yes. I want to be with you, Tony, in every sense of the word." A small smile came across Tony's face.
"It's Barton," Fury said. "He took out our systems. He's headed for the detention level. Does anybody copy." Natasha's hand went to her earpiece.
"Yup," Oswin said happily. "Just a left, a right, and another left. I should probably get off-camera now. I'd go a lot faster if I was paying attention to where I was going."
"Last night," Tony snarked back. "The packet, Selvig's notes, the extraction theory papers. Am I the only one who did the reading?"
"Uh, first of all, his first name is Agent." Pepper shot Tony a glare. "Secondly, how the hell do you know him?"
"Not much," Steve admitted. "S.H.I.E.L.D. moved me into my own apartment. I have the entire floor to myself."
Looking into the room, Tony could see that Fury was still talking to Steve. Although he wished that Fury would just hurry things up and let him get in there, he understood that Steve needed time to adjust to all the news he was getting hit with at once. Already Tony could tell that he wasn't taking it well. Tony couldn't help but feel guilty about that. After all, he probably didn't help things by revealing certain details before Steve was ready to hear them.
"I needed to do that," Bruce said. "It was the only way I could stop myself from hurting other people."
Lights were flashing. Music was blasting. Someone was laughing. Tony smiled as he felt someone's head hit his shoulder. Gently, he pushed them away, murmuring that he had a boyfriend.
After getting out of the shower, they both toweled off and got dressed, stealing as many kisses as they could along the way. Tony found that the pajamas Steve had picked out for him were still somewhat warm and carried the soft, clean scent of Bounce dryer sheets, indicating that they were freshly laundered. Tony brought the oversized t-shirt up to his nose and took a deep inhale before pulling the garment over his head.
Given that they were being kicked out there was no point in moving their luggage from one hotel to another and Tony was very vocal in his desire to leave D.C. as soon as possible, they decided to take their flight as planned. They packed everything up fast and headed to the airport. It was hectic, but they were all able to do it. Well, almost all of them. An absence noted as soon as they boarded the flight.
work we could be doing down in legal." Pepper's eye twitched at the annoyance in his tone, but still managed to look and sound pleasant.
Thus, Steve had no choice but to try to force himself to relax. That was obviously easier said than done, but he still had to try. He kept reminding himself that Tony agreed to see the doctor voluntarily and if anything was seriously wrong, they would have heard a commotion coming from the other room by now. Tony
"It makes you look weak," Freeman said. "Untrustworthy; undependable. That is the last image the American public needs to have of the Avengers right now. Not attending the State of the Union will only solidify that image in their minds. Do you want that?"
"Next to none," she said. "But I'm not stupid. I do know how the media thinks. Tony's pale and he's struggling to walk. Anyone can see that plain as day. Force him to go out there and the vultures will pick him apart."
"Twice," Bruce added. Natasha let out a slightly wicked laugh and held out her hand to the man next to her.
"How is putting off furnishing an apartment forcing myself to suffer needlessly?" Lara was surprised by how genuinely confused he seemed to be.
"No signs the video has been edited in any way," JARVIS reported a few seconds later. "It appears to be authentic, Sir."
After a long day and getting confronted about his drinking twice, Tony walked out of an event and Steve followed him.
"Alright," he said. "Just take your time." Lara took a deep breath and willed away the rolling and churning of her stomach. Well, at least she tried to.
"Given the explosive nature of the reactions of the chemicals that were taken, it's not out of the realm of possibility," The ATF agent said. "Special Agent Natasha Ness, ATF."
"No!" Thor screamed from inside the cell. Loki pulled the scepter out of Coulson's torso, allowing the man to fall to the ground. The illusionary image disappeared as Loki strode over to the control panel. His brother gave him a look of utter disgust and disdain. Loki didn't let that phase him as he hit the button to open the airlock and drop the cage thousands of feet to the ground.
However, it ended up not working. Although the news had reported that the Avenger dubbed "Hawkeye" was successfully infected with the virus and had come close to death, he was now apparently recovering. Thankfully, Sharpton had taken the blame as planned and there was nothing to connect the plot back to him or the Church. That was all fine and good except for the fact that it put a minor hitch in his plans.
The round of applause that followed was surprising. Before Tony could see how many people could be in the theater, he would have sworn it was close to a thousand. The theater only seated two-hundred fifty people, give or take. Given the prying and semi-accusatory questions he'd been facing throughout the day, this warm welcome felt nice, reassuring a bit. So, reassuring, in fact, that he almost didn't notice that Joe the presenter was going up to each of them and shaking their hands. It wasn't until the guy had gone up to Steve that he took notice and pulled himself out of his trance. After the guy shook his hand, Tony found himself looking over at Steve and smiling for just the briefest of moments. Out of the corner of his eye, he could see that he got a smile back.
Freeman, though, was a different case entirely. He knew where Tony was when he was missing and didn't tell the other Avengers or notify the police. That had to be illegal, never mind being grounds for terminating his position. It was inexcusable and impossible to ignore. Something had to happen about it.
She hid in an alleyway only a few blocks down from the Church's Outreach Center. She was afraid someone would take notice of her if she got any closer. Also, she had a few stops to make before she tried to approach. One of them was to the dollar store directly across the street from where she had chosen to camp out.
"You're welcome." Bruce continued to hold the door open for her as she passed the rest of the way through its frame. As a result, Lara got to the elevator first and hit the call button. She then turned to give Bruce the confused look again as he came to stand beside her.
Despite her best efforts, Lara was unable to fall asleep. She tossed and turned until her alarm went off, mind a wreck with worry. Honestly, Lara was questioning whether she should go into work. After all, she wouldn't be doing anyone any good if she was falling asleep on the job. At the same time, though, she wanted to know what was happening. Neither Bruce nor Pepper had texted her any updates, which only served to worry her more. She wanted to know if everyone was alright. Sure, the CDC had told Pepper that Tony, Steve, and Natasha were okay, but Lara wanted a little more confirmation than that.
Without another word, Bruce walked out of the room, making sure to turn in the opposite direction that Hill did. This ended up leading him further down the labyrinth of hallways. Initially having just intended to take a walk to clear his head, Bruce eventually found himself lost.
It was a normal Tuesday morning in Los Angeles. The sun was shining, the plants were dying because the sun was shining for the ninety-seventh day in a row, and most every adult between the ages of twenty-one and sixty-five were beginning to start their workdays. Nothing seemed out of the ordinary. That was, unless they thought to check in their backyards.
"Didn't I just get done saying that shit's heavy?" Tony flinched at how abrasive his own tone was. "Sorry, I…"
"I think a right at the end of this hall and then straight down," Tony said. Steve nodded and then hefted Tony's full weight.
"Just be here." Steve's only response was to wrap his arms around Tony and kiss the top of his head.
"Good idea," Knežević agreed. He stuck another chip in his mouth as his view changed to the (rather nicely) tiled floor.
to do this, and you can either help me to the elevators or I can try to make it down there myself. Either way, I'm leaving the hospital and taking care of this." Reluctantly, Tony felt Steve sigh and readjust the grip he had around his waist. Tony responded in kind by throwing his arm around Steve's shoulders.
"I'd rather not put anything on my stomach right now." Steve nodded in understanding. "Besides, you're my guest. I should be asking you that question."
"I have my badge in my room," Clint said. "I can go get it, but without a search warrant I doubt we'll get anywhere." Natasha slid her room key out of her back pocket.
"What about violation of a restraining order?" All eyes went to Lara, who was turning around, pulling herself away from the wall. "Can he face any charges on that?" The lawyer raised an eyebrow.
Granted, he had been thankful that nothing had been taken this time but still, the fact that these people thought they could waltz into his home and his company's headquarters and just take or do whatever they wanted was enough to make Tony's anemic blood boil. As soon as he finished talking to the cop, he wanted nothing more than to jump out of bed, rush back to Malibu, put on the suit, and bring whoever was responsible for either of the two robberies to justice.
This went beyond "too good to be true"; it was near miraculous and Tony wasn't one to believe in miracles. There was a rational explanation for this, but the only rational explanation was more questionable and full of holes than the idea of a miracle. For once in his life, the workings of the world around him completely baffled Tony and he didn't like that much.
"Yeah," Tony said. "We saved the world together with a team she didn't even want me on. Nothing accounts for anything here."
Thank you to mfaerie32 for the review and Juliet1996 favorite and follow on FFN, and YueRyong and the guest who left kudos on AO3! It really means a lot!
That didn't stop Steve's concern, though. For the first hour, Natasha sat staring out the window at the blackness of the night. Steve kept wanting to say something, but knew it was pointless to try to.
Ever the optimist, Bruce found himself hoping that it was active and what was infecting Barton. At least then they would have some idea of what they were dealing with and how to try to treat him. In this game, a shot in the dark could easily kill Barton.
Loki has been captured by S.H.I.E.L.D., but that hasn't kept him from hiding a trick up his sleeve. Using the power of the Mind Stone - unknowingly hidden in his scepter - he has turned the Avengers against one another, buying himself enough time to make a daring escape. Before anyone can come to their senses and realize what's happening, S.H.I.E.L.D.'s hellicarrier base is attacked and one of its engines destroyed. The blast also awakened the Hulk, who is now running amock across the ship. The Avengers have to pull it together and fast, otherwise, they're going to have to watch the world be destroyed from their watery graves...
As soon as she landed, Oswin forced herself to stand. She tried to assess her injuries, but that ended up being a little harder than she expected. She could still see, stand, and breathe, but she couldn't hear anything, nor could she feel any part of her body. For a second, she feared that she had died and was now a ghost but quickly dismissed the idea as ridiculous.
"Jessica, can you hear me?" Her eyes went over to the doctor who asked the question. It was the only indication she could give that she was listening. His face was shadowed making his already masked face seem more ominous.
"Alright," he said. "I understand. I'm sorry, Brother, for even thinking that in the first place. Can you forgive me?"
Jessica dug into her pants pocket and pulled out the pager. With one press of a button, the screen went from a shade of digital green to red. Then, blue. Then a gold star appeared. Jess started the countdown.
"For the last time, no!" The clerk practically shouted. "You can't leave your God damn pamphlets here!"
"You've had a hand pressed to your cheek all afternoon," Lara pointed out before Tony could. Pepper shot a look at the other woman – who was still leaning against the rear wall with her eyes shut – clearly embarrassed by the call out.
) He tried to pry his eyes open to see what was going on, but they were still too heavy. After a few seconds of dead air, he heard a voice in his ear hesitantly speak up.
"Guys," Natasha said, and with an upward glance, everyone saw what had grabbed her attention. Numerous sky-whales began swimming through the portal, along with even more Chitauri soldiers. Oh yes, things were just getting started.
"You mean other than the obvious?" he asked rhetorically. "I'm just tired and I want this day to be over." More honestly, he wanted the rest of the week to be over, but he did not feel like killing himself by traveling at over 1,440 miles per second just to achieve that end. He rather liked having his bones and flesh in a solid form, thank you very much. "That doesn't matter, though. I wasn't the one who got hurt today."
He wasn't deflecting again, was he? Well, technically that required him to be in a conversation with another person… Could you deflect something from yourself?
On the ride back, Tony forced himself to relax. Steve was okay. Barton and Romanoff were in safe hands. The bastards who did this had been arrested. There was nothing to worry about. He was safe and holding on tight to his boyfriend's hand. Nothing was wrong.
"JARVIS," she said once she assumed, she was out of Carol's earshot. "Keep an eye on Captain Danvers for me, please."
"I do." Smith nodded before getting up from the table. Tony looked back at the screen that showed Barton."
He knocked on the first door he came across. There was no reply and the door was apparently unlocked. Turning the knob, Bruce was met with the sight of a blackened, unused room. Despite that, he figured there had to be a map of the building or a fire evacuation plan in the room somewhere. He felt across the wall for a light switch but found none. Undeterred, he pulled his phone out of his back pocket.
However, at that moment he had nothing to keep him disconnected. He had already checked the cabinets when they came in, before Steve had whisked him off to the bedroom for a nap. No complementary wine and nothing else alcoholic whatsoever, just bottles of sparkling water that cost twenty bucks a piece. There was Listerine in the bathroom, but Tony didn't consider himself that desperate. At least, not yet. To distract himself, Tony opened his phone and began to look through the Ultron project files. Some mindless coding was probably just what he needed to calm his paranoid mind.
"New Jersey," Salinas said. "The Tenth Congressional District; Newark/Jersey City area. A lot of people commute."
Sprinting out the door, Steve quickly and easily caught up with to Tony just in time to save him from tripping and falling down the stairs. Just as he had many countless times before, Steve slipped his arm around Tony's shoulders and tried to help him support himself. It was difficult but at least Steve got him standing on his own two feet. Steve glanced around for a spot where Tony could rest. The only spot that was available and not completely covered in snow was a bench that was off to the side at the bottom of the stairs. Steve sighed. It would be difficult, but he was sure he and Tony could manage it somehow.
"That's fine, because I love to be handed things. So, let's trade." Pepper handed Coulson her glass while she took the tablet and gave it to Tony, who still looked slightly annoyed.
He flew him and Peggy… Somewhere to do something. He couldn't really remember the details, but he remembered he was wearing his Captain America uniform…
"There isn't a brand name on it," Oswin said. "My guess would be Stark, though, seeing as it is their building."
"Not without taking it out of the box," Bruce said. "And the CDC hasn't given us permission to irradiate the letter yet."
Acting off of pure instinct, Lara threw the bowl of popcorn across the room and pulled Telemachus down to the floor with her. The cat thrashed and scratched at her arms, trying to break free, but Lara kept a tight grip on him, not knowing what was going on and unwilling to let her furry companion come to harm. Within seconds, the ground began to shake and Lara knew enough from her time in California not to try to get up from the ground. If she got crushed, so be it, as long as she gave Telemachus a chance at making it through, it didn't matter.
For a moment, Steve wondered what the person was doing until he felt a finger press against his cheek. Steve tried to open his eyes to look at whoever was poking him, but the person extracted their finger just as fast as they had placed it. Steve was a little annoyed that someone was poking him while he "slept", but at the same time, he wished they hadn't taken the finger away. It was physical contact; proof of life. In a strange way, he found himself craving that – acknowledgment of his existence.
"You didn't have to," the redhead said. "Commander Hill has had agents tracking your movements since you left yesterday. We gave you two a little leeway, but now times up. Captain Rogers has to return to S.H.I.E.L.D. immediately."
"Holy shit, I was not expecting that today." Putting her hand on her heart, Lara could feel that it was beating faster than the speed of light.
"You're serious?" Bruce nodded. "Holy hell! I didn't realize you've been holed up in there since September. How have you not gone stir crazy?"
"Hey, J," Tony said as soon as they were a good distance from the Hellicarier. "Can you hear me, buddy?"
"I know," Tony said. "But the problem is that for once, I don't know what to do." Steve raised an eyebrow. "I know, shocking, right?"
So he would take this chance. The chance at finding more information out on this stranger wearing Steve’s face. Tony couldn’t explain the drive within him. The feeling in the pit of his stomach... it was almost like he was being tugged forth.
His mouth faltered before shutting with a snap. He- he couldn’t even humor the idea. It wouldn’t be fair. Two Steve’s coexisting? There had to be a law against that. Somewhere, maybe, he thought almost hysterically.
Rhodey raised his hands in surrender, scowling, “Fine, fine....” he trailed off with a sigh, staring at his hands, “When you went missing–“
And what if Tony had knew his and Steve’s were an identical match? It wasn’t a lie to not tell him. He hadn’t denied anything, actually. However... it still felt like a cheap way out. But it was better than the alternative.
“My eyes are up here.” Tony snapped his fingers, rolling his eyes at Steve’s ‘aw, shucks, me?’ look.
Tony’s eyes stung. There had been so many times in which he had hoped to hear Steve admit defeat. To admit his wrongs. But now? It was too late. Even Steve had said so.
“Very sound reasoning.” Tony agreed, taking a measured sip from his mug. Which Steve had prepared and waiting in the microwave before sliding into the brunet’s hands.
Steve sent him a look, sighing as he briefly glanced away. His shoulders remained tensed, his jaw clenching. “What do you expect me to think when you ambush me trying to sell your narrative?”
“As they all should be.” Rhodey rose to his aid, raising his mug and snapping the mechanic from his thoughts. Tony wrinkled his nose at that. Rhodey had gotten into the habit of drinking green tea. Full disclosure, Tony wanted everyone to know he didn’t support this evident bad habit. The Colonel glanced around, his expression almost daring anyone to spite his word, “For Sam.”
think of another option. Perhaps, say, the rest of the team. He didn’t want them splitting up. They needed to be in one mind and one accord, no pun intended. “They’re just... training wheels, Steve.” He rolled on, ignoring the blond’s huff of disgust. “An official way to secure world peace.”
“I can see it, you know.” Steve glanced up with a start, his eyes darting to the doorway, taking note of the occupancy of this room being lowered to two.
“You don’t have to entirely agree tonight.” Tony spoke up, his voice far more gentler than previously. “Just... sleep on it. Before– before you make any hasty decisions. Please.” The
The taste of coffee had abruptly stopped. It was slowly replaced with the minty flavor of peppermint. Steve had grinned. It was common knowledge that if you began tasting what your soulmate ingested, you would shove a distinctive and opposite flavor in your mouth.
Tony watched after the two until their figures disappeared into the house. The sound of Peter’s tinkling laughter and Steve’s muffled voice could be heard from the brunet’s position on the deck. He smiled softly, his stance gentling as he turned back towards the front yard. His eyes scanned the yard line as he absentmindedly reached for his abandoned mug of coffee.
“I’m not as young as I used to be.” Tony spoke, motioning towards where Bruce and Scott were hovering around the worm hole, speaking quickly to one another. “I hope this journey is smoother than the first.”
Tony slumped back, crossing his arm over his eyes as he exhaled. He couldn’t believe Steve was making him do this..,
The brunet had heard the stories. It was all everyone learned growing up, of course. The feeling of being pulled into an embrace with your soulmate once the two of you have confirmed feelings... if was everything Tony had wanted and feared.
“We risk our livelihood every time we go out into the field.” Steve defended, shaking his head. “No. I do not agree with this, Tony. We take risks trying to fight the bad guy and we’re being held at what, gun point?”
He had hoped his gaze expressed how displeased he truly was. The billionaire even went an extra measure to cross his arms. That would show Steve.
Tony turned around, faltering as he realized the kitchen had suddenly gotten smaller. Or, well, everyone had filled it, crowding around the opposite end of the island. His mouth pressed into a thin line, his fingers anxiously tracing a pattern into his denim jeans. Okay... they’re doing this, then.
It didn’t matter how long it’s been since the renewal of their relationship. Tony would never protest the idea of being
“Us, Tony, what about our relationship?” Steve stressed the last part, his expression seeming hopeful.
It didn’t help that Tony struggled with making it known. It took Steve sitting them both down and giving them his best stern look before they talked it out. And then the rest was history. So, no, it wasn’t an issue. After all, they had a live in babysitter at all times.
“To each other.” Steve finished, his mouth already becoming occupied with nipping at the skin of Tony’s neck. “I’m gonna marry you.”
“Hey..” Steve brushed his shoulder against Tony’s. “Bruce explained alternate realities to me earlier.”
The billionaire knew that. He had been forced to witness Steve’s death at the hands of the alien fiend, Thanos. He hadn’t felt that useless since he was in the cave, held captive by the Ten Rings.
The billionaire followed, his shorter legs struggling to keep up with the blond’s long stride. The obvious difference in their height
“I love you.” Steve spoke, his forehead pressing against Tony’s own as he lowered himself to the brunet’s height. The genius couldn’t ignore the stray tears beginning to fall from the blond’s eyes.
He glanced up, his features instantly smoothing as he met Rhodey’s concerned gaze. Tony removed his hand from his wrist and sent the man a reassuring smile.
“Yeah...” Steve blinked, a look of dawning realization settling over him. He dropped his eyes and nodded, gradually bringing them both to a standstill. “We do.”
Tony couldn’t help it. He wanted to laugh at the implication. Did Steve really think he had never cut Tony down? He was so fed up with all of this. This, being Steve having the audacity to imply he had no reason to think such toxic thoughts. The brunet heard it on a daily basis. He was practically immune to degrading remarks. He reflected them too well by now.
“You’re... you keep me on my toes, Tony. You’re everything I’ve ever needed or wanted, even before I knew that. You’ve always just– stirred such passion in me.” The blond let out a wet laugh, his eyes brimmed red. “I don’t see a day without you by my side or at my back. You keep me in line and you don’t– you don’t take my shit.”
Steve nodded, sending the older man a warm expression. Proud, even. He stepped alongside Tony, walking him up to the wormhole.
“But I thought... maybe this time.” Steve continued, shrugging before shooting Tony a sheepish smile over his shoulder. “It’s not your typical art gallery, after all.”
“Tony.” The sound of that deepened voice caused every hair on the billionaire’s arm to stand. That most certainly was
So, no. Steve wouldn’t change his soulmate or have it any other way. He wanted Tony’s sharp tongue and witty remarks. He longed for the billionaire’s embrace and smell of whatever foreign cologne he had decided to wear for the day. He missed sleeping with Tony at his side. The warmth Tony produced. The way he smiled softly when Steve told him he loved him. Steve felt like a better man with Tony by his side.
He surged forward, his fingers gripping the material at Steve’s shoulders. It was like something gave. Steve’s tense form relaxed, his body curling down into the position he had grown the utmost familiar with. Tony leaned up on the tip of his toes, pausing just before connected their lips. He could feel Steve’s breath fan across his face as his arms reached down and encased Tony’s smaller form. Tony shivered as Steve’s hands clutched at his waist. Steve squeezed his hip.
Silence settled over them, but it was comfortable. Which felt rather weird within itself. Tony felt like he was having an intensely bizarre dream; he felt
“Of course not.” Steve reached for Peter, a light hum falling past his lips as leaning down toward’s his husband. Tony inwardly preened as the blond pressed a kiss to his cheek before settling Peter on his hip. “How about pancakes or waffles?”
Tony sprawled across the wall, allowing his weight to rest on it as opposed to Steve. The blond was very attentive, in a way that often left the brunet breathless and pliant. Steve enjoyed taking his time and unraveling the smaller man. When his mouth wasn’t plastered to Tony’s neck in an attempt to leave dark bruises splotched across his skin, his hands were roaming his sides as his dark ears bore into Tony’s own.
“Together,” Tony recited, squeezing his eyes shut as the bed dipped. Steve rolled over, leaning over Tony’s chest to prop himself up with one arm. Tony dropped his own arms and let them rest by his sides, his brown eyes searching Steve’s own gaze.
“Oh?” Tony tried to keep his breathing at an even pace. He could handle this. He could keep his emotions in check.
“Tony,” Rhodey glanced away, avoiding his gaze, “It’s not– Listen man, you just had surgery. It’s probably not the best idea to talk about stressful situations so soon.”
“That’s good.” Tony nodded, realizing Steve couldn’t see him. He hesitantly turned around, his brown eyes darting up to meet the blond’s own. “I’m proud. Of you, of course. It takes a lot to admit that. This is good on you.”
Tony let out a throaty groan, parting his lips briefly as he tried to gather his wits. Cotton. His mouth felt like it had been stuffed full of cotton. His gaze focused upwards, piercing the ceiling as his calloused fingers grasped at the bedding. He swallowed. Soft sheets. Was he in a hospital? He tried to gradually sit up, wincing as his abdomen cried out in protest. The IVs in his arms didn’t seem to pleased with him either, especially if the uncomfortable prodding sensation tugging at their inserts was anything to go by.
The child began to eagerly babble, slapping his bare hands against the counter as he did so. Tony internally winced, already beginning to make a mental note to wipe the counters off with wipes at some later time.
Tony swung his feet over the edge of the bed, wincing from the cold flooring. It was easy for him to find suitable clothing, pausing on his way to lay his clothes out to stare in the mirror at the sight of his exposed body.
The Captain barely made the connection between the hands gripping his shoulders before he found himself rolled onto his back. His vision remained unfocused, but he couldn’t help but squint as multiple sources of light began to shine in his eyes.
The room slowly began to settle. The once tense atmosphere began to give; light conversation started to pick back up. Tony was half surprised he hadn’t been barraged with questions as he walked in. Although... perhaps Rhodey had warned everyone off him. He glanced up, cautiously peeking towards Steve. The captain was making a point of facing the opposite direction, his broad shoulders ever so clearly tensed in restraint. Natasha sat next to him, her shoulder pressing against Steve’s. Yeah, Rhodey definitely warned them, then.
over doing something so selfless. However, I’m not shocked. It wouldn’t be very Steve of you, otherwise.”
“Tony,” Steve sighed, shoulders slumping, “I mean.. Alone. Without everyone in the kitchen pretending they’re not eavesdropping. Please?”
“Maybe.” Tony shrugged, wincing as exhaustion began to settle in his bones. He wasn’t as young as he used to be. Tomorrow morning was going to feel
The retired hero knew he wore age well. But he stopped caring about his looks years ago. It had felt like he were lost in an endless cycle of just existing.
Steve’s hand reached up, his fingers skimming across Tony’s bruised lip. He exhaled before dropping his arms by his side, offering Tony a hesitant smile.
Tony stepped off the platform, tears trailing down his face as he allowed himself to be embraced by his own Steve.
“Missed you.” Steve yawned, nosing his way into the crook of Tony’s neck. He pressed a chaste kiss there, once, and then twice before pausing to rest. The blond’s arm snaked around Tony’s waist, interlocking with one another to encircle him. “Hate waking up without you.”
“Tony, shh, it’s okay. I’m right here.” Steve grasped Tony’s hand in his own. He unfolded the fingers, pressing a gentle kiss to each tip before laying Tony’s palm flat against his chest. Right over his heart. “I’m not going anywhere.”
Tony let out a hysterical laugh at that, his lips quirking up ever so briefly as he gaze Steve a watery smile. “You are full of shit.”
“Sorry, Petey.” Tony apologized, a smirk curling around his lips as he bopped the toddler’s nose. “Pops likes the scratchy. ‘Says I look quite
The Avengers were on break, so things were slow. Clint was spending time with his family, Bruce was working on his next PhD, Thor was off world, and Natasha was prioritizing several nonprofit organizations for women and children.
Every warm feeling in Tony’s body seemed to turn to ice. Dread began to quickly replace the sensation of calm that started to fill him. Just as soon as he thought everything would be okay, he was doused with the cold smack of reality.
“You hopeless fool.” Tony spoke, his voice faltering from emotion. “You risked– destroying the balance of the world and for– Steve.”
“Is, is this a rash?” Tony motioned to his neck, pressing the tips of his fingers to his skin, “Yeah. I think I’m breaking out.”
Steve realized his mistake with a jolt. His tone had heavily hinted at knowledge not known by these Avengers. He had succeeded; he saved Tony. So that meant... no one would be aware of the sacrifice he paid. They were none the wiser of the fate Tony
“You’re telling me,” Tony muttered, eyes roaming over his already faded scar. “This baby looks months old.”
Steve lightly nudged Tony forward, his hand spreading out along the small of the brunet’s back. The billionaire spared half a second wishing for the red on his cheeks to go away. But it was useless. It was just how things.... were. Steve would always cause such a reaction from Tony.
“Steve,” Rhodey sighed, sounding far more disappointed than the situation called for. “Man, what’d I say? I’d come get you. He just woke up.”
It had always been what Tony strived for. Presenting a united front. Showcasing a sense of teamwork.
“Then what?” Tony eyed him suspiciously, propping himself up on his elbows as Steve twisted onto his front, wiggling closer. They were inches apart now.
Steve pressed his lips against the side of Tony’s temple, his hand cupping the back of Tony’s head as his thumb ran down the side of his face.
Peter pulled away and nodded slowly, concern briefly flashing across his face. He shot Tony an approving smile before disappearing down the stairs. The older man allowed his eyes to trail after the man, a whimsical sigh falling past his lips.
“Um Steve,” Tony says. “Sweetheart. Honeycakes. The car is that way. On that curb.” He points behind them.
?” Tony snarls, tired of this conversation. He wants to leave right the fuck now. “It doesn't matter anymore,” he adds for good measure, but the words telling Steve the letter doesn't mean anything stick in his throat and refuse to budge. He deflects. “You're with Peggy now. It doesn't matter. The letter does not matter.”
“Are we making fun of Steve?” Sam Wilson asks with a wide grin as he drops his tray down next to Thor. “My favorite activity!”
Everything happens in rapid fire flashes. Their team makes immaculate play after play, but the other team matches them point for point. The first quarter wanes into the second, halftime a brief respite for both sides to catch their breaths. The third quarter starts with renewed vigor, both teams trying their best to snatch the lead. The end of the fourth quarter is drawing to a tense nail biting close when the final play is handed off to Steve. The score is still tied.
Tony strokes his fingertips along the side of Steve's face as they lull into a stretch of silence for a while. Just when he thinks maybe the conversation is over and Steve doesn't want to tell him anything else, he really doesn't expect any more, he's lucky to even know this much about Steve already, Steve speaks again.
“Okay,” Tony hedges encouragingly, waiting. He tries to swallow down his panic before it becomes a full blown fit and moves the coffee out of reach.
“Hey! Fuck you, Buck,” Steve protests laughingly as he throws another handful of water in Bucky's direction, who ducks and swims away with a cackling, “No thanks!”
Tony wants nothing more than to hold Steve and give him whatever comfort he can offer, but it is not his place. They are not friends, not anymore, and Tony has always been a coward when it comes to Steve. Tony can't take the mirroring anguish he sees in his eyes, can't stand to see big strong Steve like this. He runs again.
Tony can’t help the warmth that swells in his chest when he watches Steve at work. The realization comes that he’s never seen Steve concentrate on something so hard before, outside of football. He must be working on something important.
“Let me show you what I see,” Steve begs. “You seem to have forgotten how beautiful you are, Tony, and how much I want you. I’ll always want you, always have. I want you to see that.”
“Okay,” Tony echoes and takes a deep wobbly breath. “I wrote these when I was young and stupid.” He pauses. “Young
“Tony, can we please talk?” Steve asks, and Tony wishes he would stop saying his name so plaintively.
They pass the tree tucked in the corner of the living room Tony had helped decorate two weeks ago. It's so tall, the top of the star is brushing the ceiling. It's bedecked in lights and a hodgepodge of ornaments Sarah has from her family passed down through the generations, with presents piled beneath the lowermost boughs. There are stacks of candles flickering merrily in the defunct fireplace, the mantle strung with holly and sparkling gold garland. Christmas carols are playing on the radio and Tony can see Sarah puttering around in the kitchen as they step through the entry.
and it felt so real. But whenever I tried to talk about it and tell you this is all real for me and all of my feelings for you are real, you would avoid the conversation. Look, I’m not good at talking about my feelings either, clearly, so I let you get away with not talking about anything because it was so much easier that way. If we didn’t talk about it, it wouldn’t hurt and it wouldn’t end, right?”
“You’re up early,” Steve commented with a raised eyebrow. He was already dressed for the day, and Tony suddenly felt a bit inadequate in his pajamas. Or wait, ghosts don’t sleep, right? Does Steve even bother changing into pajamas then?
Barnes gave him a smile that didn’t quite meet his eyes, and an uneasy feeling was beginning to creep up Tony’s throat as he recalled what he had seen and heard, the all-consuming anger he had felt towards the man in front of him in that memory.
“Actually… you’ve given me something better,” Steve said so softly that Tony could barely hear the words.
That memory was swept away even quicker than the strange one before it; Steve was definitely trying to regain control of the chaotic flashes of images. Somewhere in his mind, Tony knew he shouldn’t be following the impulse to see more, but what “memories” he had already seen had the oddest feeling of… familiarity to them. Maybe he was just feeling his copilot’s emotions, but maybe…
Tony set down his coffee on a nearby table and started to sort through the ornaments. Then, he grabbed one and suddenly tossed it at Steve, who thankfully was able to catch it, though it earned him a stern look from the ghost. For some reason, Tony found poking fun at Steve to be incredibly enjoyable.
“Oh!” He snapped his fingers as it suddenly dawned on him. “We haven’t checked out the attic yet. What if there’s something up there that’ll trigger something for you?”
Steve’s friendship and respect, but the man is too good to actually think any less of him if Tony’s feelings are unrequited. He likely wouldn’t say anything even if he felt differently; that’s the kind of person Steve is.
“I’d like to do something special for you tomorrow…” Steve seemed kinda nervous, in that cute, shy way of his. “How’s dinner sound?”
Natasha leaned down and gave Orion a kiss on top of his head, and the cat closed his eyes in contentment as he leaned into her gentle touch. Steve heard her whisper, “We’re glad you found us.”
Tony could swear he heard a stifled snort as he wiped the liquid off his hand with a napkin he grabbed from nearby.
And then there was a quick gesture drawing of the stupid pose Tony had attempted earlier. There wasn’t much detail to it; Steve had clearly had other things on his mind aside from capturing it on paper. There was even a damn time written down next to it. 2:47. Damn it, he really was being generous with the three minutes.
He stayed there for a moment, trying to remember how the hell he wound up there when it finally started coming back to him. Last night, an intruder… and heavy objects falling off a bookshelf... Okay, no, too much thinking with this bad of a headache and no caffeine. Tony slowly got up off the couch, feeling a bit like he just got off a Tilt-a-Whirl, and pulled the blanket around himself like a warm cocoon before shuffling towards the kitchen in search of coffee.
Coulson didn’t answer, just smiled at Tony and gave a short wave as he got into his truck. “Good luck, Mr. Stark. I’d keep my distance if I were you.” He drove off without providing any further explanation.
Steve cuts him off again with another kiss, and Tony can feel his smile against his lips. Steve isn’t cold from his second stint as a Capsicle anymore, and he wishes he could rip off these damned gauntlets and touch Steve with his bare hands.
I get murdered?? I’m starting to question your motives for sending me here.” Tony took a moment to be a little indignant before he quietly crept out of the room. He grabbed the long metal poker from beside the fireplace on the way. “No, it’s fine. I’ve got a... sharp, pokey thing.”
He thought back to the attic, remembering how Steve’s hand had gone straight through the case of his art supplies, and was hit with the overwhelming sense that maybe he’d been going about everything completely wrong.
Steve hesitated for a moment before continuing, expression somber as he continued looking out the window instead of making eye contact with Tony. “The last year I saw him, he’d come back to tell me he’d been drafted and was shippin’ out for Europe soon. After that… well, I didn’t see him again after that.”
According to JARVIS, the cat had somehow slipped in through the street-level garage while Steve had been entering on his bike, and Tony couldn’t believe Captain America hadn’t noticed that. How the hell did something even slip into the garage? Tony would have to check on that because damn, that could be a massive security failure if all bad guys had to do was wait for one of them to use a car.
“Sure, come on in, Tony. Make yourself at home,” he drawled sarcastically, but Tony could see the hint of a smile hiding under Steve’s mock annoyance. Briefly, he wondered what it might take to get him to smile like he had in that photograph again.
“Are those sketchbooks yours, too?” Tony asked, pointing towards the ones he had spotted on the shelf. Steve nodded. “...would it be alright if I looked at them?”
“Well, there is the whole multiverse theory,” Tony provided. “You know, worlds where different decisions were made, where we lived different lives. Maybe I’m an evil mastermind in one of them, and you’re my arch nemesis.” Steve playfully rolled his eyes at the joke, and gently knocked his shoulder into Tony’s.
Tony stayed silent as Rogers worked through his emotions on the subject. Clearly, this friend had meant the world to him, and it reminded him of Rhodey and the dread that settled in Tony’s gut every time his best friend went overseas into warzones.
There was a pause before Steve spoke again. “Right now, breaking the curse honestly isn’t the most important thing to me.” He smiled shyly before saying, “If you don’t mind, I’d much rather just enjoy the rest of my time here… with you.”
Judging by the looks of it, the building was the town’s jailhouse, and it sounded like... someone was drunkenly singing
Apparently Clint posted the picture he took of Bucky holding Orion to the Avengers’ twitter account, and by the end of the week it had several hundred thousand retweets or something. Clint told Steve it had become a “meme,” and Steve guessed that must’ve been a good thing.
Tony after he left the man in space for five goddamn years while he tried to drown in his own self pity. It’s too much. He hadn’t even been
Then the heavy, metal door opened, and Tony was rooted to the spot, staring at an uncharacteristically disheveled Steve Rogers. He was a
rather than just the national icon. Somehow, Captain America had more than lived up to the stories his father had told him as a child: incredibly brave and sharp minded on the field, and true to his beliefs, almost to a fault.
Which was why Tony was currently standing there, fully outfitted in his own drivesuit, about to drift for the first time with one Steve Rogers.
“I’m sure you’d much rather be at home doing this with your girl,” he threw in at the end, looking away from Tony to instead fixate on an ornament that didn’t even need repositioning. Wait, what?
“Tony,” she started. “I know you say you want to help him break whatever this— this curse is, but… are
His little shoulders drooped, and his face looked sad as he meowed to be let inside the workshop. It reminded Tony way too much of Dum-E whenever he yelled at the bot for messing up smoothies.
“Tony…” Steve started, his voice and gaze going soft. “This was very thoughtful of you. It’s been… a really long time since I’ve been able to do anything like this.”
Before Tony could protest more, Steve was handing him a piece of paper, face down. Gently, Tony took it and flipped it over to find… himself? It was a drawing of him bent over the table in the study, probably while he was working on stuff for S.I. the other day. It was so casual, yet somehow tender at the same time. There were fading traces of a smile in his eyes and lips, like he’d just finished laughing at something Steve had said.
He wasn’t exactly warm, but Steve no longer had the slight chill emanating from him like Tony had come to expect. He felt like he needed to pinch himself in case he was still dreaming, or maybe pinch Steve instead. The man furrowed his brow and looked annoyed when he did it.
He manages to choke out a wry laugh through the tears. “You’re like a damn cockroach, I should’ve known you were still alive. I should’ve—”
When the drift initiated, it was like being dropped into a pool of memories, blurry images washed in shades of red and blue that slowly came into focus as Tony oriented himself in the rush of his and Steve’s memories.
Part of him couldn’t help but still think that they should be using their last remaining hours together in a final attempt to break the curse, but if this was what Steve said he wanted, then who was Tony to deny him of that? Though… it might have been a tiny bit selfish of himself to think that not breaking the curse meant he could possibly see Steve again the next year. He had been pushing that thought to the back of his mind the last few days, but the more time Tony spent with Steve, the more time he wished they had together.
“I’m just… learning by observation.” Tony tried to make an excuse for his blatant appreciation of Steve’s arms.
Steve watched silently from his spot by the door as Tony gently removed the cat’s collar to add the little orb attachment he had been working on. After it was secure, he put Orion’s collar back on him and started scratching the cat’s chin. He had a soft smile on his face, entirely unlike the one he wore for the press, and Steve couldn’t tear his eyes away.
"No," she said. "He was actually decent. At least, I thought so at the time. I guess you could say that he convinced me to give the marriage a shot. I mean, other than my job, I had nothing going on in my life, so it wasn't a hard sell, and for the first year things were good. The second-year and a half, though, not so much."
"Provided he wants help," Lara said. "Given that he almost killed himself with alcohol, I would say that he probably doesn't."
"It's alright, Anne." The hug was a little awkward since Steve's mom had to practically lean over the other woman's pregnant belly. "Thank you for listening. You have no idea how much that means to me."
Carol padded down the stairs with bare feet. After getting Jessica settled into bed, she was convinced to take a shower. Apparently, she "smelled like space," and while Carol personally didn't mind the smell of space, she couldn't say when the last time she took a shower was and relented that she was probably overdue. So, finding a t-shirt and jeans that roughly fit her, she went to get herself cleaned up.
"Loki!" He looked to his left. Thor had landed on the balcony just below him, donning his full battle armor with the same obnoxious, commanding tone in his voice. Oh, how Loki hated that tone. "Turn off the Tesseract or I'll destroy it."
"I wouldn't say she's claustrophobic," he said. "But being locked in a small space with limited exits does make her antsy. If she were here, she probably would have broken down the door twice and exposed a few of the nurses by now."
"No, it's smart," Adoniram insisted. "As these are my best two RCMP agents; the sisters gifted by the mist?"
"Well, in that case…" Stark pushed one of the glasses towards her while picking up the other one and holding it out. "Cheers."
Once that was taken care of, everyone went about taking their food and migrating out into the lounge. Well, everyone except one person. Tony quickly took notice that Natasha was hanging back with her eyes fixated on him. Taking the bait, Tony waited until the last person moved out into the lounge before approaching her.
"I guess we're in a relationship." That was honestly the best way Steve could describe it, with the very vague term of "relationship." That really didn't define anything. A relationship can be either platonic or romantic. It can describe friends, family, enemies, or lovers. It really didn't do anything to define what they were to each other. Tony let out a little bit of a humorless laugh.
"Alright," Natasha said. "This is now a non-stop flight back to S.H.I.E.L.D. Tactical HQ. From now on if you jump out of the plane, no one's coming back for you. Any questions?" No one spoke up. "Good. You boys might want to strap in. We have no time to lose and this ride is going to get bumpy."
"What the hell?" was the first question out of his mouth. "What happened? Steve's the only one who kissed me, right?" Steve sat down and took a few deep breaths, trying to regain his composure.
"What?" Again, Lara held her phone out. Steve, Tony, and Bruce (who had just finished securing the carry-on bags in the overhead bins) leaned in to get a closer look.
"You saw how I was on the plane, right?" Clint answered in the affirmative. "Well, it got worse than that; so much worse. I actually thought I was going to die, and worse than that, Steve did, too."
Slowly prying his eyes open, Tony glanced around at his surroundings. He was, in fact, in a hospital room. He wasn't sure if it was the same hospital room as he was in before, if it wasn't it was practically identical. Glancing out the window, Tony could see that the sky was clad in the gray of early dawn. So, he'd been passed out for quite a while. He began to wonder if it was the next day or if he had been completely out for a few days when an extremely irritated blonde woman entered the room. Tony let out an exasperated sigh.
"Yes, thankfully, just before…" She trailed off and looked down for a moment. Tony didn't need to ask what she meant. After a moment she lifted her head back up and looked Tony in the eyes. "The point is, there was nothing wrong with Steve, just like there's nothing wrong with you. You're not sick, you're not a bad person, and there is certainly nothing wrong with being who you are. Never let anyone change your mind about that. Not even your father." Tony nodded.
"Good," Bruce said, readjusting his position to get more comfortable. "I actually just came over to see how you were doing." Lara snorted dismissively.
"She's feeling better now that she's on oxygen and the morphine seems to have taken the edge off the pain, so that's good. Her moods also seemed to have improved with rest." Fury nodded. "Stark?"
"Oh God, no," Tony said. "I'm not doing rehab. …In-person rehab at least. You could not pay me enough to do that. Besides, it is not like it is really feasible for me. I mean, if something happens, I would not be able to do anything as Iron Man. Also, the press would probably have a field day with it…"
"I can get you the original report," she said. "That's the most I can offer you in terms of proof. Everything else, though, you are just going to have to trust me on. I have apologized and told you the truth, and unfortunately that is all I can do. So, can you just meet me halfway and hear me out?" A concerned look crossed Stark's face.
Right in the dead center of the envelope was a dark pink-stained impression of some woman's lips, which was odd considering the letter's return address indicated that it had come from a school. Clint hesitated a moment. He knew Laura wasn't going to like that. Despite that, he couldn't ignore the part of his brain screaming at him to "just do it," so he tried to wedge his finger between the envelope and its flap.
It was a one-way trip. It still is. He kept thinking he escaped; that he fell back through the portal and lived happily ever after with his little boyfriend, but he never did. He was still there, deep in space watching the missile detonate, taking out the Chitauri ship. He was watching the last few moments of his life – soundtracked to a song that once soothed him in childhood, but now only caused him heartbreak.
Once she had gone up a few floors, Lara found she couldn't go any further. Leaning against one of the walls, she slumped down and pulled her knees to her chest. A strangled sob escaped her mouth before she pulled herself back together one last time and reached for her phone. Todd would freak if she heard her that upset, especially over Dante.
"Did Peggy really say that?" For the first time since that morning, Steve was smiling. Tony could tell even over the phone.
The next thing that Bruce knew, the elevator was chiming, and he and Lara were stepping inside. Just as the door clicked shut, Lara spoke up.
Lara's eyes widened and narrowed as she read the message over a few more times. Then she blinked in confusion. It didn't make sense to her. Why would Bruce give a stranger her number? Granted, Betty wasn't a stranger to him – he had spoken of her quite a few times – but Lara hadn't met her before and with what was going on in her life right now, she was sort of wary and skeptical of anyone who was attempting to contact her over text. Sure, Dante had previously only called, but that didn't automatically mean he wouldn't try impersonating someone and contact her over text. In fact, it would make it easier to conceal his identity.
Although Loki had been a servant of Thanos for… He couldn't even remember how long now, but he had only been in the Titan's presence only twice. Once, when the Other first discovered him, and the second time only a few Earth days ago when he was sent off to conquer the planet. The Other had been the one to handle his "integration" into Thanos' band of genocidal murderers. Integration probably wasn't the proper word, though. He was kept isolated. The only person he saw other than the Other was a woman with green skin who wordlessly brought him something to eat a few times. Otherwise, there was no one. However, he couldn't think of a kinder word for what he went through, so he was going to stick with integration.
Steve's face blanched and all the air disappeared from his lungs. His eyes remained frozen on Pepper. Swallowing hard, he tried to get his erratic heartbeat under control.
"That might be a second count of aiding and abetting," he said. "But it's probably not enough to make a difference." Lara muttered a harsh curse under her breath and started pacing the room while Pepper's eyes grew concerned.
"I'll tell you on the way," Steve said. "Can you fly one of those jets?" He saw her working the co-pilot's seat before, but he wasn't sure if she can pilot the craft by herself, or if it was even possible. However, Natasha didn't give an answer before Clint stepped out of the bathroom.
"Well, it's not necessarily an explosive device, right? Those chemicals can make other things." Pepper looked at Tony, her eyes desperate for some form of reassurance.
"Are you sure that's a good idea? This seems kind of sketchy at best." Lara raised her eyebrows, surprised at the concern. Still, she was quick to reassure.
"Yes, Brother," he said. "I won't." Adoniram took a deep breath as he formulated what he wanted to say next.
With each piece of armor that was lifted off him, Tony could slowly feel the weight of the world slowly lifting from him. It was over. Loki was captured. The S.H.I.E.L.D. agents that had been under Loki's influence were being rounded up and detained while they tried to figure out how to break the mind control without using Natasha's process of "cognitive recalibration". The police, S.H.I.E.L.D., and the National Guard were evacuating unauthorized civilians from the area, getting them to safety and medical attention if necessary. All the Avengers were accounted for, even if they were a little worse for wear. Steve was alive, safe, and head over heels for him (and yes, Tony still couldn't believe that last thing.) Most importantly, though, he was still alive.
I was in the middle of writing another chapter when I remembered I'm supposed to post this chapter today. Oops.
"We'll find something fun to do, Becca," Steve tried to assure the younger girl. "But you need to stop crying."
"Medical emergency on floor P1," she said calmly into the handset. "A letter was opened containing a fine white powder. Possible exposed include Agents Barton and Romanoff, Captain Rogers, and Tony Stark."
"Oh yes," Nina said. "She wouldn't shut up about him. The prick promised her some money if she helped him move some chemicals he bought, and not only did he not pay out, he also blew up her house! Can you believe it?"
Her second attempt was much better. This time, she managed to get the key in the lock and turn it. She would have jumped for joy if she hadn't been so tired. That victorious feeling waned, however, when she walked in to the apartment to see her husband lying shirtless on the couch with a blanket draped over him, nursing a beer. From the looks of things, he hadn't moved all day. Hell, he probably had spent the entirety of the last two days on that couch, watching whatever came on Channel 2. In any case, Lara was not happy. Nonetheless, she was cordial enough to greet him as she shut the door behind her.
"That doesn't make it any better," Natasha said. "I know in our line of work that it can happen at any time. I have known that for years and for some reason it did not feel real to me until it happened. Then it became very, very real. Then you got sick and I thought, 'not again. Please, not again.'" Clint gently rubbed her back.
movie. It was so fantastical and far out of the realm of understanding that one could only dismiss it as non-sense. Even Carol was having trouble seeing how someone could believe it, and she knew that some of this stuff was
"Then tell him to suit up," Tony said. "I'm bringing the party to you." Within seconds the armor could be seen doing a wide curve around a building, closely followed by the sky-whale, which seemed to make a point of slamming the side of its body into the same building. Everyone grabbed their weapons, prepared to engage.
"LAPD didn't receive any reports of a robbery or any other suspicious activity coming from this area before this morning," Fairchild confirmed.
"We've been known to have them occasionally." Things were quiet for a moment before Clint called out "found it!" By that point, "Walk Like an Egyptian" had stopped playing and started up again. Clint re-entered the room with a furrowed brown. "Is that your cell phone?" he asked.
Tony couldn't be sure. He didn't seem angry when it happened, or the following morning, or when he texted him the other day. Still, though, he could have changed his mind or come to his senses or maybe he never felt that way at all and only just realized…
, so that's what she picked. No one objected or even really minded, which was good. Rhodey even made the effort to pull Carol into their conversations, which she clearly appreciated.
"I think Loki is trying to wind us up. This is a man who means to start a war, and if we don't stay focused, he'll succeed." He felt like he was telling himself that more than he was Tony. "We have orders, we should follow them."
Happy Veteran's Day/Armistice Day to all the Veterans out there. I personally come from a military family. My grandfather on my dad's side was in the Navy, my grandfather on my mother's side was in the Army, my father was in the Air Force, my mother was in the Army, both my brother and one of my cousins was in the Marine Corps, and my sister was in the National Guard. I also believe two of my maternal grandmother's brothers served in World War II, but I have no idea what branch of the military they served in. Regardless, I'm proud to say all of these people have fought both domestically and abroad for all of us to have the rights and freedoms we have in this country today and I'm thankful to all of them.
Tony's mind was taken away from his Steve-related worries as he heard JARVIS' voice come over the exterior speakers as pieces of the suit continued to be removed from him as he walked inside.
"The first time you poisoned yourself," Natasha pointed out. "You only have yourself to blame for that."
"Yeah, I got that," Tony remarked. He lowered his gaze to one of the balconies and saw Loki standing there with his head held high. "Plan B."
Awhile after Tony gave S.H.I.E.L.D. the Captain America files, JARVIS notified him that Pepper was calling. He told the AI to put her on hold while he found a quiet place to take the call. When he did, he finally caught sight of the time – three-thirty in the afternoon. Meaning that Pepper had probably already landed in LA and that he had probably fallen asleep at some point because it didn't feel like that much time had gone by. Regardless, he didn't hesitate in picking up the phone, but he was preempted by Pepper in answering it.
His plan was simple: touch as many people as he could until someone had the good enough sense to put a bullet in his brain. It was simple, but it worked for him. He did have specific people in mind that he wanted to take his vengeance on, but basically, anyone who got in his way wasn't going to be spared.
"Okay," he finally heard Oswin say. "I'm in the building, I'm behind the front desk, and I'm looking at a map. Where should I go?"
"I highly doubt Romanoff would go to the trouble of acting as your PA for the day just so she could steal office supplies." Tony snapped his fingers.
The building seemed to be in decent shape, but Carol could have sworn she saw she saw the faded outline of the word "condemned" scrawled across one of the side-doors. Someone had tried to cover it up by painting over it, but there was no erasing what was already there. It was fitting.
Tony honestly found himself doubting that but managed to push his own irrationalities and sat down as instructed. The chair wasn't as comfortable as the couch out in the waiting room, but it was noticeably softer than he was expecting. Across from him, Dr. Cranston took on a relaxed pose as she began to speak.
Tony probably should have seen it coming. How he missed it, he wasn't sure. As he moved Knežević in the direction of the parking lot, the man twisted his wrists and pulled his hands up so his palms came into contact with Tony's.
"Seriously, stop it!" He let out a frustrated groan and brought his hand to his forehead for a second before looking back at Duran. "I hate to ask this," he begrudgingly said. "But do you have any idea as to how to get her to crack? Because I sure as hell don't."
"I slept for seventy years, sir," he said as he started striking the new punching bag. "I think I've had my fill."
Steve is probably a bit OOC this chapter, but blame it on the valium. Have you ever been on that stuff? All it does is make you feel confused and tired. I don't know how people get addicted to it, but they do!
Tony scowls and quickly scrubs his palm over his eyes before pressing a kiss to Rhodey’s cheek. “I'm always good. Have a safe trip, Rhodey-bear. Are you sure I can't just come with you, or pay them to let me graduate, or buy the school, or—”
“That’s right,” Tony replies softly. “Steven Grant Stark-Rogers,” he says, turning the words over his tongue as though he’s savoring the syllables.
“Jesus Christ,” Tony manages to croak past the lump forming in his throat. “I didn't realize you were such a poet, Rogers.” He pinches lightly at Steve’s side.
“So we’ll work on those things!” Tony says excitedly. “It's like a get out of jail free card for me, and a relationships crash course for you. We both win.”
Bruce frowns as he peers up at Tony above his glasses. “Tony, what happened out there?” he asks gently.
Are they there yet? Can they say these things to each other again? Can they be like they were a lifetime ago when this kind of bantering came as naturally as breathing for the both of them, Steve matching Tony’s sharp tongue wit for wit?
The kisses continue their path south, pausing to trace each nipple. Tony moans and arches up towards Steve, chasing the sensation of his lips when the kisses edge further down. Steve stops just above his cock, and Tony could cry for the sudden abrupt halt to Steve’s kisses.
doesn't care, he's had enough of a night already. He smiles tightly and waves off his friends but Natasha takes one look at him and feigns tiredness too. She takes his hand with a soft, “Oh,
Tony snorts at that thought. He’s not going to be a sissy because his toes are pink and purple. He’s going to be a sissy because even at the tender age of ten, he knows he likes boys too. Not that Howard needs to know that.
“Sorry,” Steve says sheepishly. “How rude of me. I haven’t even introduced you two. Tony, this is Ben, and Ben, this is my boyfriend Tony.”
“You alright, darlin’?” Steve asks, pressing a kiss to the side of Tony’s head. His thumb strokes along the side of Tony’s ribs, making him squirm a little.
He is ten, and English is not his best subject. He’s just started teaching himself quantum theory for fun and he’s able to understand college level calculus but Tony sucks at writing. He knows if he only applies himself beyond writing code, his English grades will not suffer but he simply does not care.
“Nothing as crazy as what you listed,” Steve says gently. Tony is not consoled by his tone. “One is, you must attend all my games and the after parties.” He ignores the face Tony makes.
s that has him wondering if Steve can hear it being pressed so close. His breath is coming in rapid little hitches by the time Steve's hands grip the crest of his hip, fingers dipping into his waistband and with another surge of courage, Tony reaches down to unbutton his own fly and push his pants down.
“Here,” Tony interrupts, not listening. He’s glad Steve seems to be in a much better mood about the situation, but there are things they need to clear up. He shoves a tablet into Steve’s hands. “Sign here, here, here, here, and here, and initial in these spots.” He helpfully points to them with the tip of his pen.
Morgan tilts her head and looks up at him critically. “You’re maybe an eight right now,” she decides imperiously.
“You can say it,” Tony says listlessly as he stares up at the ceiling after telling Natasha everything about his fake relationship with Steve, from the letters to the thought of hurting Pepper and Rhodey to the fake relationship agreement with the hopes of winning Peggy back. And the irrational pain of their stupid plan succeeding. It feels slightly easier to tell his friends now that he’s told Jarvis, but all of it still hurts. “I’m an idiot.”
Tony might've been slightly too enthusiastic biting into his, finishing off the whole thing in five messy bites. He can’t help himself, not when there’s such a perfectly crafted delicious sandwich with juicy crisp chicken, perfectly toasted warm bread, and rich creamy provolone in his hands. Now there's cheese and marinara all over his fingers and he's laughing too hard to care about cleaning his hands as Steve tells him the story of how he found Peter stuck pretzeled inside a locker in the team changing room after a practice, apparently having been stuffed in there by some cruel seniors and ended up locked in.
Pepper has to forcibly clamp her hand down on Tony’s wrist to keep him from running after Rhodey. He's two inches away from bawling like a little child and it's ridiculous, he knows. It's only going to be a few months, Tony tells himself as he clings to Pepper. They watch as Rhodey walks towards the car, turning back to wave again before he climbs in. A few very, very long months, and an even longer senior year.
The new Avenger, Carol is a streak in the sky outside, a miraculous blaze that makes Tony ache for the embrace of one of his suits and the hum of repulsor fire beneath his feet, but the thought of encasing himself in metal even if it’s his own armor makes bile rise in his throat.
Outside the enormous windows of the Fifth Avenue townhouse, snow slowly drifts down from steel grey skies, fluttering onto the concrete grey below. Inside, the kitchen is warm with laughter and sugar and flour.
Peggy hums quietly and opens her hand to show him the pack of cigarettes between her fingers. “Bad habit,” she says. “I’ll be along in a bit. It was good talking to you, Tony.”
Steve comes with a loud cry, and his eyes are wet when he pulls Tony in for another kiss and gasps, “I love you, I love you, I love you so fucking much, sweetheart,” against Tony’s lips.
Tony snorts. “As if she doesn't know what you're doing spending so much time at my house,” he says, waggling his eyebrows exaggeratedly. He presses his fingers lightly against the purpled mark he left on Steve's shoulder.
“That's Jarvis,” Tony says, smiling a little. His nerves loosen slightly. “He's always looking out for me.”
The first day is disgustingly pinterest colorful, bright and brisk, the perfect fall morning and Tony prays for a swift death. He drags himself to the science labs after Happy drops him off early at the gates with a cheerful, “Have a good day, boss!” and plops inelegantly into a stool in the back of the room. He immediately puts his head down and goes back to sleep.
“Tony.” There's the pity in Steve's voice again, and Tony has had enough of that from him for this lifetime.
It's February when Tony wakes up with the cold realization that he's in love with Steve all over again. Perhaps it was unavoidable all along, ever since he wrote that damn letter last year, but the concrete certainty that explains the ache in his chest still stuns him. Especially since Steve is asleep next to him, sprawled starfish across his bed and hogging up all the blankets.
When Steve startles and laughs, it feels a little like victory, and Tony can feel a little bit of his heart beginning to heal. He had forgotten what it was like to have Steve on his side, how heady and powerful he felt to have Steve’s strength and righteous conviction reflected back at him. Maybe they can get through this after all.
and plies them with overflowing platters of freshly fried sweet tomatoes and the best espresso Tony's ever tasted.
“Okay,” Loki mumbles quietly like he's gathering himself. Loki never mumbles. “Let me just preface this by saying it's not me, it's you.”
Steve is unfazed as he stares down the line of offense, his throws arching in tight spinning spirals, perfectly controlled tosses that land precisely between Bucky's cupped hands on the other end of the field. Tony watches the displays of powerful gyroscopic precession with rapt fascination, and thinks he can write formulae and equations and theorems for Steve's plays, ballads and sonnets arranged in numbers.
“Everyone’s great, Steve,” Ben replies, leaning against the countertop. “Always good of you to ask. Peter is excitedly looking forward to watching your next game. He really looks up to you.”
Tony doesn’t correct him that the search team had found him, Tony had nothing to do with it personally. He had spent his whole life resenting his father for caring more about finding a dead body in the ice than he did about his own son, but he doesn’t tell Steve this. He thinks Steve knows, if Tony can still read him as well as he once did.
They make small talk for a bit about midterms, SAT scores, and college, pointedly swerving around the topic of Steve. Peggy is talking about her anticipation for her Oxford admissions letter when the cold finally gets to be too much for Tony and he feels like he’s about to shiver out of his skin. The snow is coming down in heavier drifts, white cotton flakes obscuring the light of the moon. Peggy, who is good and kind offers him the shawl wrapped around her shoulders. Tony declines, thinking Steve is probably wondering where he’s gone by now.
“You know,” Loki drawls from across the enormous kitchen island. “It would've been a lot easier to make brownies.”
“Hey,” Tony says softly, a slow smile curving his lips as Steve moves closer, his expression set with intent.
“I thought that was all I could have!” Steve says, his voice rising. “I've liked you for almost four years and I thought if this was all I could get, I would take it. I told myself I was going to be okay with whatever you were willing to give me. I thought it would be enough. And I thought I could just help you with whatever you needed and deal with my own side of things without pushing you. Because anything was better than the radio silence we had between us for the last few years! I was literally willing to have any little scrap of attention from you, and—look, I was a fucking idiot, okay? I thought maybe if I gave it enough time and tried my best, you might like me back—”
Now, Tony knows he isn't supposed to bother his dad when he is in his office, especially not when he has guests over. They could be talking important business, but just this once, he is so excited, he doesn't think to politely excuse himself and wait until his father has time for him.
Of course this is when Steve will tell him it’s been fun but it’s time he actually wins back Peggy for real now. And Tony will be left broken by the wayside.
“If you don't want money,” Tony says, “that's not fair to you. So I'll even it out by helping you too. I'll help you get back together with Peggy!”
“Yes, but we are hosting at my house this weekend,” Thor says stubbornly. “And my brother wants to join our party.”
“Tony,” they hear at the end of the hallway before Tony can leave. “What is the meaning of this letter? Tony!”
apply to the intimacy they share as Tony surrenders to him, and he knows he’ll never have this with anyone else, because how can he possibly love anyone the way he loves Tony?
“Tony,” Steve says, sounding raw and earnest. His voice is soft in the slow silence. “Did you really think that I would do all of these things for someone I didn't really love? That I would’ve told just anyone even half the things I told you? That I would’ve told my mom about you? That I would’ve let you meet my mom and brought you home for Christmas?”
“Don't be sorry,” Tony says. “I like learning about you. I think we could've been good friends if we tried—before.”
Tony ignored the rest of the team’s catcalls and wolf whistles as he kissed Steve goodbye, telling him he'll see him after they bring home the state title. He was about to turn and leave when he sneezed, the thin material of the old football jersey doing little to keep out the winter cold. Steve had smiled fondly at him and shrugged off his own team jacket, a red and blue monstrosity that he draped carefully across Tony's shoulders. It was still warm from Steve's body heat.
No one can sleep, not really, and they all take turns sparring, venting their frustrations in uncontained punches and kicks and battle cries that echo of pain beyond the blows dealt. Tony refuses every time someone offers to spar with him. Steve doesn’t offer.
“Sometimes that urge did get me into a lot of trouble,” Steve agrees, and curls an arm around Tony's shoulders as though hearing his thoughts, tugging him close again.
“That cannot be true,” Jarvis says, and Tony appreciates it, he really does, but try as Jarvis will to reassure him, he knows how everything was wrong from the start and nothing was ever going to end well.
Tony knows that same shame of failure. He was close too. He drew first blood on Titan, and yet. And yet.
He feels like he's doing something illegal and illicit as Steve sneaks into the car at nine at night on a Sunday. Happy discreetly keeps the blackened divider up so they can have their privacy but it feels extra ridiculous because they’re parked behind a copse of trees at a park near Steve's house. In
“Well,” Steve begins. “I certainly wouldn’t leave you all alone in the morning. I would take good care of you, wake you up in the morning with kisses all over. ”
Steve hums quietly. “No,” he decides. “Actually, I’m going to write her a thank you card,” he says before pulling Tony back in for another kiss that makes his toes curl.
“I’m fine,” Steve rumbles quietly even as she frowns and gently tilts his face back up to look at her.
Their fake relationship is the ripe old age of four weeks, they’ve been on two fake dates, and Tony is finally comfortable enough to willingly hang out with Steve's team during lunch. Steve already knows Nat and Loki but Tony still isn't quite ready for him to meet Pepper and Jarvis yet, not when he’s still avoiding Pepper himself. Little steps, he supposes.
“Stevie,” Bucky Barnes was the first to pick his jaw up off the floor. “You didn't tell me your boy was Tony fuckin’ Stark.”
“Don't you fucking dare talk to him that way!” someone snarls, and it takes Tony a minute to recognize the person who had torn the reporter off of him.
“I know you're only going because Thor is playing,” Tony says. He’d still stalling for time, but the more he thinks about it, the less he actually minds going to the game. Steve isn't the
“Let’s go to the kitchen,” Steve says when he finally gets his laughter under control. “You're staying for dinner. Mom won't hear otherwise, trust me,” he adds when Tony starts to protest. “So we might as well get our asses up now and go help, before she gives us worse shit about walking in on us.”
So Tony tells him. He tells Steve about the new missile the Department of Defense contracted Stark Industries to build with a backup repulsor wave that has the power to decimate an entire city block after its initial blast. He tells him about the new combat aircrafts they're trying to develop with flat turbines in the wings capable of advanced stealth and capacity for more weaponry. He tells him he's on the brink of real artificial intelligence, and if he succeeds, it'll change war forever.
Tony isn't even aware his mouth is hanging open in shock until Steve sticks a fry between his parted lips. He barely recovers enough to say, “Rogers, you absolute deviant. You slattern. This whole Mormon cornfed farm boy facade was all a lie?!”
That’s Steve standing in the entry to his lab calling his name, and Tony is sorely tempted to throw his soldering iron across the room. He does not want to be in the same room as Steve, not now, not when everything still hurts so much, not when he’s still licking his wounds trying to pick up the scattered pieces of himself, and maybe not ever.
It's not actually all too bad, but Tony will never admit that, not even under pain of death. He's entitled to his very, very infrequent bouts of dramatics. Honestly, he's only ever slightly dramatic like once every three years, he swears.
Mark LXXXIV almost perfect. He marvels at the way the nanobytes crawl from the new arc reactor up his arm, fluid like water and tensile as Kevlar. The canon that forms around his hand blasts a hole nearly through the reinforced wall of the testing lab. Almost there.
“You don't mean that,” Tony says after a moment of stunned silence as he tries to process Steve's words, wrapping his arms around himself.
Tony hands the tablet back to Steve and watches as he signs on the dotted lines, curving his signature beneath the clause that reads:
“Jesus fucking—” Tony really has to talk to Jarvis about being so soft hearted and letting just anyone into his lab like this, it's not safe, it's a breach of security. He’s changing all of his locks and codes and passwords, but first he needs to get out of here. Preferably before he throws up and has another breakdown. “There's nothing to talk about.”
“Holy fucking shit,” Tony gasps, staring up wide eyed at Steve. He taps blindly at his console until the music shuts off, and suddenly everything is so quiet, he feels slightly disoriented. “Is this a hallucination? If you’re just a mirage, don’t tell real Steve I haven’t slept in days and this is probably onset delirium. If you
Tony's heart clenches in his chest. Instinctively, he reaches out in the dark to tangle his fingers with Steve's, squeezing encouragingly and shifts to lay on his side so he can see Steve's expression.
By the end of it, they have three large cartons of old things Jarvis is going to take to Goodwill in the morning, and Tony can actually see his floors again. Huh, look at that. He had forgotten there’s carpet underneath all the junk. Maybe Nat is right. He does feel kind of better.
He doesn't even realize the animal sound that echoes in the hall had come from his throat until Steve and Peggy turn their heads and their eyes land on him standing at the end of the corridor. Peggy immediately steps away from Steve and murmurs something to him Tony can’t hear, but her eyes are wide.
“What are you working on?” Steve asks, a question Tony doesn't expect and leaves him slightly tongue tied.
Tony can barely get any air into his lungs, all of his blood flowing south and down and everything is electric and warm. “Y-yeah,” he manages to choke, feeling his cheeks heating pink when he looks down at the open softness of Steve's expression.
“None of that now,” Jarvis says softly as he stands to wrap his arms around Tony. “I know it hurts, and if I can take that pain away from you, I would. But please believe me when I say I think Steven loves you too.”
“I’m fine,” Tony insists, not thinking about Steve. “It was just the chest wound. Everything else is just par the course.” He balls his shaking hands into tight fists and curls them into the sheets to stop the tremors. “I’m fine.”
“It’s improving,” Tony admits, his expression softening as he looks at his husband. He sighs with satisfaction. “But it could get even better.”
He rides Steve hard. Every downward grind onto Steve's cock feels like a stolen moment he has to fight for, even when Steve gasps his name with awe and reverence as Tony kisses the sounds from his lips. It's not love, Tony reminds himself. It's barely even mutual like, but he can pretend it’s something more as Steve fills him liquidhot with a loud cry of his name.
The bleachers are tightly packed by the time they arrive, and they probably would've been standing at the back if Pepper and Natasha hadn't saved seats for them. They wade through the crowd to get to their friends, Tony clutching tightly at his bag of warm popcorn and Loki glaring down any poor souls who have the audacity to accidentally get in their way.
He drifts in and out of wakefulness for an eternity. There are flashes of color behind his eyes as he struggles to blink them open.
“Jesus fucking Christ,” Tony murmurs as he trails reverent fingers over the contours of Steve's chest, feeling the shift of muscle beneath his palm.
Loki thinks about it for a moment, his eyes gleaming speculatively as he leers at Tony. “You’re not nearly pretty enough to be a kept boy.”
Tony doesn't sleep for an entire week. All of his spare time is spent in the labs, tapping away at his SI laptop, trying his best to fix the project Howard tore apart with a handful of barbed words. That's the thing with Howard, he expects everything out of Tony and doesn't realize soon, Tony won't have anything left to give, not when he's this exhausted and running on empty. He reaches for his coffee cup only to remember he doesn't have any coffee left.
The first time, it was childish puppy love, an innocent little trifle. But this time, this was—is real. Tony is stupidly, deliriously in love with Steve. This is something that marks his soul, carves itself bone deep inside of him, and twines around his heart entrenched deep in the cavity of his chest and becomes a part of him. He doesn't know if he will ever recover from this, not when he feels so shattered and broken.
Tony doesn't know how long he stands in front of the kitchen table, staring unseeingly at the phone in his white knuckled grip. He had spent three weeks on that model, and okay admittedly parts of it were interrupted when Steve and school and college applications and his peer reviews distract him, but he had worked hard on that build, damnit. Trust Howard to rip it to shreds with ten words or less.
Tony can't help the laughter that bubbles from his throat, loud and bright as he watches his friends horse around in the water. Pepper is sitting on Sam’s shoulders as Loki sits astride Thor, the four of them laughing as they try to wrestle each other into the water. On the other end of the pool, Clint finds a ball from somewhere and they start a round of water polo, with some of their other classmates eventually joining in.
There on Steve’s wrist is his gold T Square bangle, T for Tony, always T for Tony. Above that are familiar bands of alloy that take Tony a moment to recognize, but once he does, all the breath gets knocked from his lungs. He exhales in a sharp gust as he looks at the cuffs that once summoned his Mark VII armor years and years ago gleaming on Steve’s arms. Seeing Steve wear them now closes liquidwarm pressure tight around Tony’s ribs and squeezes around his heart, and he doesn’t think he could love anyone more than he loves his husband in that moment.
Tony feels his heart splintering and everything is suffocating as it falls apart around him. He had thought he would be strong enough to do this and finally relinquish his false hold on Steve, but seeing it happen before his very eyes, seeing Steve make his clear choice—it hurts like nothing else has ever hurt before.
“Anything else?” Tony asks, rolling his eyes to cover up the way he’s suddenly much more excited and far more terrified of this whole idea as he adds the ridiculous requests to the document.
Tony bites back his grin. Yep, there is so much more to football than just Steve. This is already looking to be kind of fun.
Before he can gather the coherence to protest, he hears the shuffle of wet fabric and the sound of Steve shucking his shorts. He can feel Steve shifting behind him and then a low chuckle when his husband finds the lube he’d brought from their room.
Tony raises his arms to loop around Steve's wide shoulders as he tries to tuck his face against Steve's neck. He smells good from his post-game shower, like coconut and ocean. He wants to stay hidden in the curve of Steve's neck forever but Steve settles a gentle hand on the curve of Tony's jaw and tilts his head back up with the tips of his fingers until they're face to face again.
He barely notices Steve's arm wrapping snugly around his waist and their legs tangling together as he dozes off. He's sure a little nap until midnight won't hurt. They'll wake up just in time.
Tony lets Steve kiss him, distracting him with little nips to his bottom lip as his hand reaches behind him and curls into the soft snow. He gathers a handful of it and mashes it against Steve’s cheek just as he’s about to deepen the kiss, laughing and squirming away before Steve can properly react.
Jarvis takes a sip of his tea and sighs. “You're going to have to explain, Anthony. I'm not quite understanding what you mean.”
“April fools?” Tony tries and he can slap himself for saying something so stupid when all Steve does is raise an incredulous brow at him as though saying,
“I must have hundreds of drawings of you by now,” Steve confesses. “You’re all I want to draw anymore. I must’ve filled books and books with drawings of you by now, starting way back from when I first met you. All I can draw is you, all I can think about is you, all I
Steve laughs, bringing one hand up to cup Tony’s face, his thumb stroking gently along his jaw. “No contract,” he promises. “Just please stop calling me Rogers. It makes me feel like you’re out of reach when you do that. Like we’re strangers. You can call me anything else. Even snookums.”
Tony's hand smarts where he's still holding it up and open in offering. He quickly pulls it tight against his chest, rubbing at the ache he finds in between his ribs. There's an expanding pressure that overwhelms the burn on his palm but rubbing at it does little to soothe the pain there. The warm swell in his chest cracks open, wet and gushing over his heart and it burns, it
Tony inhaled shakily even as the tears began to freely flow down his cheeks. He could taste the salt on his lips, the bottom one trembling as Steve’s words began to settle over him. The blond gently reached out, his arms tugging the older man into his chest. Tony had forgone all sense of keeping up pretenses and finally allowed himself to crumble against that firm chest.
There should be two Steve’s existing in this time, then. Because this Steve.. was from a future in which Tony died. He went back to his own past and created a new timeline in which Tony hadn’t died.
Hours ago he had seen a baby faced Peter Parker and now.. his Peter was grown. He knew how to wear suits and had finally grown into his limbs. This Peter walked with assuredness. He had grown up.
He was going to have a hard time explaining this to Rhodey and Pepper. Not to mention the struggle it would be to even convince them of this authenticity. He knew how it would go. They’d share pitying glances without saying what they truly thought...
The genius allowed himself to be soothed by the ministrations involved in setting up the machine. It was familiar; something needed for a distraction. Tony felt scrambled, his thoughts and feelings jumbling together due to being so far out of his comfort zone. It was hard to pretend everything was fine when it obviously wasn’t.
if that’s what it could be called. It was just... it was important to Tony, okay? He needed Peter to be aware that he would always have his dad’s attention. That Tony would always listen, no matter how young. He couldn’t let his disagreement with Steve come between that.
It had taken fifteen years and traveling to an alternate universe... but he could sense it now. There would always be a part of him that would miss Steve Rogers. But it was easier to breathe now. And it would get easier. That much was clear.
“I told you to call me Tony, Mr. Rogers.” Tony tacked the formality on at the end, sending the blond a pointed look as he winced from it.
“Our Steve has kindly taken to keeping out of sight.” Tony continued, keeping his voice carefully measured. “You’re from a different time, aren’t you?”
“I recently came across some interesting news.” Steve spoke, tight lipped. His arms crossed, causing his biceps to flex. Tony couldn’t help it when his eyes began to stray. It was almost unnatural, the way his arms looked. They were almost grotesque.
“Fuck that.” Rhodey scowled, flicking the smaller man’s forehead. “You’re giving me grey hair, Tones. Grey.”
Tony inhaled, his calloused hands gripping the railing as his tired eyes flickered to and fro. It was still pretty mind blowing for him to see such younger versions of his friends. Well, young to him. He couldn’t help but wonder if they had always appeared to be so young, reckless, and determined?
“Captain America: Shameless Flirt.” Tony grumbled, trying to fan away the obvious flush of his cheeks. “You’re the absolute
The brunet half heartedly rubbed at his eyes, desperate to clear his vision. It was Saturday morning, and Tony knew this because Friday was movie night, which the team had easily partook in yesterday. Which, wait.
Steve began to shake his head, faltering as Tony’s hands slid to either side of his face, forcing him to stop his movements. “I know it went to hell and back. I know that. And I’m not– I’m not excusing it. But even then.. even when we were at our lowest, I was happy.”
Rhodey raised his hands in surrender, shrugging, “Listen, I know in the past I had my minor reservations–“
Instead, he glanced around, nodding as he took in the faces of... his– the team. Natasha. Bruce. Thor. Nebula. Rocket, the talking raccoon Rhodey had told him could speak, somehow. Steve. Steve. They were all scattered on a variety of couches. Thor was holding a quiet conversation with his fellow space buddies while Natasha seemed to be in a heated discussion with Steve. Bruce waved.
“Peter piper.” Tony teasingly scolded, leaning over the counter to retrieve a napkin in order wipe the food off the child’s face. “Do you enjoy wearing your food?” The child broke into fits of giggles as the billionaire began tickling around his sides and arm pits. “Yes, I think you do.”
The billionaire met his gaze, his eyes swimming with unshed tears. Steve hadn’t met someone more mesmerizing.
“Morning, sweetheart.” The sound of Steve’s voice broke Tony from his thoughts. He had been enjoying the morning out on the deck of the lake house; watching the world come alive as it gradually woke up.
“You can’t mean that.” Tony scoffed, stumbling backwards. He shifted his eyes downwards, missing the flash of guilt passing through the blond’s eyes. “You can’t seriously stand in our living room and mean that.”
“No bully.” Tony agreed, reaching out to tickle Peter’s stomach. “Papa doesn’t like bullies, remember? And he’s friends with Uncle Rhodey. So that must mean...”
Tony broke from his thoughts, a chuckle passing his lips as the alternate version of himself passed him a water. The younger Tony seemed tired, too. But it was the kind of tired that had come with the end of a long battle. The tired from losing sleep. Worrying. Stress. Exhaustion. Tony knew that tired too well.
He looked exactly like the version of Steve that Tony had last knew. Before he had taken his last breath. But there was life in the eyes of this Steve. Blood pulsed in his veins. His Steve had died, never grew old. And this Steve would.
It had taken intense planning. Multiple different strategies and so many backup plans that they had almost ran out of letters to use. And Tony still couldn’t believe it. The atmosphere as Thanos’ lifeless body laid on the ground was quiet... so quiet. It was almost eery.
He could hear the sound of sheets rustling as Steve sat up, readjusting his shirt. The blonde soldier glanced down, his bruised lips pursing in thought before parting. Tony held his breath.
He couldn’t live up to that expectation. So he took the best route, and just didn’t tell him. It would save them both the grief of dealing with rejection. Tony had grew up with a spine of steel. That’s what growing up knowing you’re Captain America’s soulmark did to you. That and being half heartedly raised by Howard Stark.
“Of course,” Steve glanced briefly at Tony, a wary look crossing his face before looking away just as quickly, jerking his thumb back into what Tony assumed to be the hall, “I’ll just be.” Steve trailed off before turning on his heel, briskly walking away with his shoulders tensed.
But he had to focus on the words of Earth-199999 Steve. He would know how the blond felt, even if he had died. The feelings had remained. They existed. Steve may have passed, but his feelings would remain. They would be constant.
Tony ran a hand down his face, brow furrowing as he neared the sound of voices. It took him a second to realize he had found his way back up to communion guest floor. His steps faltered. The team. He inhaled, rolled his shoulders, and forced a calm expression onto his face. He told himself he could do this. He could play pretend and make a quick escape. It’s only been two years since he had faced all of them. Hopefully–
Steve fell to the ground, his limbs weakening as Thanos’ army began to overtake him. The monstrous creatures were piling on top of him; the only protection his face had were the shields on both of his arms. He could feel the sense of hopelessness creeping up on him. It was a gradual process. The sound of growls filled the air, echoed along with grunts and muffled cries.
“Don’t tell me you love me unless you mean it,” Tony retorted just as quickly as the last word left Steve’s mouth.
“Maybe.” Steve had the nerve to smile cheekily. He stood straighter then, his long legs taking him around the counter and on the brunet’s side. “I actually came to ask a favor.”
Tony held the photo album firmly to his chest, his fingers gripping the corners as he left the warmth of Steve’s side. He could now begin to feel the energy of the portal washing over him. The way it almost felt like static electricity. The smell of ozone.
“A lot of it went over my head, of course.” Steve shrugged, gradually wrapping his arm around Tony’s shoulder. The latter had to stop himself from sinking into the embrace. “But... the main parts stuck. He said from the data he had collected, our universes seemed to follow the same projectile path.”
The metallic flavor slowly flooded his taste buds. Dread filled him as he quickly made the connection that he wasn’t bleeding. Steve hadn’t suffered any internal injuries, nor any external ones that would call for blood filling his mouth. And even so, Steve knew. There wasn’t any blood actually in
I know I struggle with expressing myself.” Steve spoke quietly, his voice surprisingly sturdy. “But I can’t change the past. I’m trying to atone for that... I-Tony, I don’t expect you to forgive and forget. That’s not... it’s not fair. But I don’t want you to think I did any of that to intentionally hurt you.”
He stepped back, his palm sliding along the shoulder blades of his younger self before squeezing his right shoulder. He offered him a few pats before slipping away, his legs taking him down the stairs and towards the lab.
“This, uh, next exhibit.” Steve nervously cleared his throat as he jerked his head to the left. “It’s new.” The blond didn’t need a sixth sense to be aware of the onslaught of confusion beginning to radiate off Tony. Which is exactly why he forced himself to steamroll ahead. “I was kinda hoping you would close your eyes before it’s revealed?”
“He’s gone.” She spoke quietly, avoiding his gaze. “We took a vote. Decided you weren’t in a place to make the journey. That and, well, we didn’t think you’d stick to the plan.”
“What does this have to do with anything?” Tony’s breath caught at the way Steve said relationship. He was trying to move past it, but the word kept echoing in his head.
Steve bent down, lifting his hand to cup Tony’s cheek as he connected their mouths for the first time in years. Tony deflated, his body melting in Steve’s grasp. His arms locked behind Steve’s head, his mouth devouring Steve’s own. Taking what was offered.
Steve looked like he could plow into a dozen punching bags with minimal effort. Which, was actually kinda hot. Tony found his eyes trailing across the blond’s bulging biceps before forcefully blinking. He had to stay on track.
, whatever this was, a shot. Especially if Steve’s reaction were anything to go by. The blond shot forward, so fast that Tony might have suspected him of flying. It was kind of impressive, actually. Not as impressive as the sensation of Steve’s arms crushing him against his broad chest.
Nevertheless, the blond took Tony’s confused reaction in stride, stepping up and behind the brunet in order to place either of his hands in front of Tony’s eyes. The brunet forcefully swallowed, the skin of his neck prickling at the hot air blowing across his nape.
“Tony!” Steve gasped, stumbling. He shot an arm out, attempting to brace his fall. He landed on his knees, dry heaves wracking his body; chest rising and falling rapidly as he dry heaved.
“Steve.” Tony spoke softly, quietly. The word came out in a murmur. It almost felt as if he were trying it on, and maybe he was.
“I’m sure Captain Rogers would be pleased to hear so.” Friday spoke. “After all, you have been married for years and share custody of a child. One would think–“
Her lips pursed before offering him a nonsensical smile. “Honestly, Rogers.” She paused, forcing herself to inhale in what appeared to be an attempt to calm herself. “You’re the only person who could feel
“Man,” Tony couldn’t help but correct, his tone halting Thor’s almost reply, “He prefers” -- preferred -- “being called Spider-Man.”
“I’ll take care of him, Tony.” Steve promised. “Remember that. Because that’s what he would’ve done for you. Don’t ever forget.”
The silence was almost as deafening as their previous argument. For once, Tony was glad to have a reason to escape from the room and get away from Steve. It was sad, but it was true. The brunet just felt too defeated to sit in silence any longer.
Steve ignored Tony’s grumbling complaints, his footsteps echoing as he disappeared down the hall. The brunet stared after him, forlornly, and sighed. He stretched, relief flooding him at the sensation of his joints cracking.
Tony’s heart broke at Steve’s evident caution. Tony understood consent, he did. But they never had to ask before. A tear rolled down his cheek at their current predicament.
Their laughter mixed together as Steve teasingly nipped at the skin of his waist. He teasingly ran his tongue down Tony’s side, causing goosebumps to arouse down the engineer’s lower half. Steve offered a harsher nip, grinning into his skin as Tony yelped indignantly. The blonde haired devil didn’t waste a second to surge upwards and flop across his chest. Tony remembered having the breath knocked out of him as Steve all but cackled in delight. Their laughter bounced off the walls of the room. Their room, at the time. Except, it was Tony’s room now. He didn’t quite like the sound of that. He shuddered at the thought alone.
“You can sit wherever you like.” Steve motioned around, taking a seat at the foot of his bed. He crossed his legs, then anxiously uncrossed them.
Tony tasted like coffee and blueberries. It was a combination that Steve wouldn’t ever be allowed to forget. The blond’s tongue chased after the bittersweet sugary flavor left from the fruit, believing he had never experienced something as great as this.
The thought of Tony in space alone caused tears to brim his eyes. It was no secret that Tony wasn’t keen on flying into space. Tony was just, well,
And, the billionaire can’t leave out the time Steve used bacon to bribe Tony into attending a baseball game.
He was hesitant to venture down to the kitchen because of the blond. Tony didn’t know what to expect if he came face to face with his husband, and he felt ashamedly childish over it. Internally, he knew he should be more mature regarding the situation. Which is exactly why he gave himself no time to second guess his decision as he padded downstairs.
“I thought I was hallucinating. Thor told me you were alive but I didn’t entirely believe him. He might have been trying to spare me.” Tony gasped, clutching at the fabric of Steve’s shirt. “I thought I had an infection. But I could taste it. It was so sweet. The mint.”
His mind raced, beginning to oddly recall of a time before he had visited an alternate universe in which he had agreed to such plans. But that... that was impossible. He had been in the different reality for
Tony sat astride Steve, his chest heaving. The blonde haired man reached outwards, his fingers sliding under the hem of the mechanic’s shirt. Tony inhaled as Steve dug his fingers into the skin of his hips. He leaned forwards, pressing a gentle kiss to Steve’s own lips. Steve pressed closer, tilting his head as he yearned to steal the very breath from Tony.
doing.” Tony stressed. “That’s what this is about... trying to stay ahead. We can do this. But only if we’re in it–“
“I’ve never been good at it.” Steve admitted, stepping back after gripping either of Tony’s hands in his own. He began leading the smaller man into the living room, careful as he was guiding him with his own back turned. “But... dancing has just felt significant to me. Romance wise, I mean.”
“I– sure thing, Cap.” Tony rubbed the back of his neck as his cheeks began to flush. “But, are you gonna tell me– Steve. Why are you undressing?”
“Pizza?” Tony inquired, sending his charge into fits of giggles as he juggled him. The brunet paused and maneuvered Peter to his hip. He leaned in to his ear to whisper the next part teasingly. “Something tells me Papa wouldn’t be too pleased with me if I gave you pizza.”
Steve needed another chance to manage the mess they’d found themselves in. He would never forgive himself if Tony died thinking Steve wasn’t sorry. He needed to make sure Tony knew that Steve would do whatever it took to make things right. And the only way that would be possible was if they brought him home.
Steve lolled his head to the side, meeting Rhodey’s eyes. The Colonel was hovering about four feet from the ground, palms held outward as he looked from the chaos of the battleground back to Steve.
“My first thought was, ‘we’d fight it. We’d stop it,’” Steve laughed bitterly, “But then I realized too late that that’s what you were trying to do.”
A week after he’d come out of the ice, Steve had found himself awakened by the taste of coffee flooding his mouth. At three in the morning. A few minutes later, he’d find a sheepish Tony working in the laboratory. Steve had laughed before heading back up to bed. But not before brushing his teeth. With
Tony would never find himself sans armor, not again. There would never be a situation in which he’d be defenseless. Nor a situation where he would be forced to lay helplessly as his...
He could feel it happening. The air was growing tenser, almost still. An eery calm was beginning to settle over the field. Steve’s pace quickened, his legs taking him over the rubble of the ruined building and closer to the pit where Tony would soon pass.
Saturday was notoriously known for being the one day Tony was allowed to sleep in. He had put his foot down, firmly. As firmly as he could’ve while be on the receiving end of Steve’s unimpressed look.
Tony scowled in response, unperturbed even as the blond’s eyes suggestively traced down his torso. The brunet glanced down, his cheeks briefly heating as he realized he was completely bare, sans the thin sheet pooling around his hips.
“And what nice eyes you have.” Steve noted, innocently. “I’ve drawn them my fair share of times. I was just admiring the view.”
Horror filled Steve as it hit him. He’d been so focused on not eating that he hadn’t realized Tony wouldn’t sense anything from Steve’s end. Steve just wanted to know the second Tony ate, because it would’ve told him Tony was still alive and healthy. He hadn’t meant to convince Tony that he was dead.
The tension in the laboratory had almost seemed to dissipate all at once. For some reason, Steve’s confession lightened the atmosphere. Tony no longer felt on the bridge of breaking down into tears of frustration. He felt... like he could breath.
Kissing Tony felt like... the only explanation Steve could think of would be the sensation that came with wielding Mjolnir. It took everything within the Captain’s power to keep his hands from tearing open the front of the brunet’s shirt.
It hadn’t been like this for quite some time. They had made up, somewhat, of course. The trust had been reinstalled. The dependency. The unity. But their personal relationship was... lacking. Their friendship, not so much. But they hadn’t been this. Not since.. not since Steve let Tony down.
“And... it should be ready.” Hulk stepped back, looking pleased. “It should send you back at the precise time you should have came back in your time. As if you never left.”
Steve’s hurt expression shouldn’t have caused Tony to feel guilty. He had no right to demand trust from Tony. Not now.
“I see.” Steve closed the distance between them, his own hands reaching out to take the mug from Tony’s hands. They grappled briefly before gripping the brunet’s palms in his own, squeezing them in what seemed to be a reassuring manner. “You don’t need to worry, I’m here. Tony, I’m
A gentle silence settled over them much like a warm blanket. Tony almost considered calling it awkward, but he knew better. He struggled to make sense of it, but silences shared with Steve often felt intimate. Tony often referred to it as the-beefy-blond-effect.
His tears were staining the front of Steve’s shirt, he knew this. But he couldn’t find it within him to even care. He didn’t care the impression he may be leaving, he needed this. And if Steve was willing to give...
Tony laughs, a humorless sound that puts Steve’s nerves on edge. “You know I won’t be able to keep up with you soon? I’m growing old. Soon you’ll be ashamed to even be seen around an old man like me. I’m going to look like an old perv next to you.”
Steve concedes defeat first, and getting the hint, Tony throws down his hand too, even though he has a pair of aces. He makes hasty excuses about being tired for the both of them as they scramble up to leave. He can tell their friends don't buy that for a second if the exasperated look Sam and Bucky exchange is any indication, but he couldn't care less when Steve's hand is clasped tight in his own and the promise from the bus is echoing in his head.
Tony has always been the brightest point of any room, but now on some days, he is quieter, blue hints of melancholy coloring his usual luminosity. He’s softer with his children and quieter with Steve. The loving affection is still there, but Tony‘s loud confidence appears hushed and suppressed, and Steve has begun to notice these quieter days are more and more frequent. Tony’s vibrance is dimming. This hushed energy is new.
Steve’s hands are frantically pushing the jacket from Tony’s shoulders and he hurries to help him. Next goes the turtleneck and Tony’s belt. They get flung unceremoniously to the side of the chair as they both get to work on his pants. Those get pushed down too, and Tony has to momentarily leave Steve’s lap to get them off.
“Got a stipulation though,” Steve murmurs when they finally pull away, but he stays close enough to press their foreheads together as though he’s reluctant to part too.
He's knows it's wrong. He's only just borrowed Steve, borrowing him until he goes back to where he rightfully belongs, and that's with Peggy Carter, not with him. Not with Tony Stark who is all kinds of wrong for Steve. He's not nearly pretty enough, warm enough, kind enough, good enough, enough enough
It takes him almost a full minute to realize he’s in the medical wing of the Avengers facility, and he must be on the good drugs because it’s the first time in a month he hasn’t woken up screaming. There’s a bandage wrapped around his chest and beneath them, he can feel the tight pull of new skin, but he doesn’t feel any pain. The clear lines running into the veins on the back of his hand explain the slight pinch there. He blinks fully awake and turns with great effort to see someone sitting in the chair next to his bed.
Tony is regretting it almost immediately when he looks so small next to Steve. Steve is all glorious golden skin and defined muscle. Tony is scrawny and skinny, the hints of his ribcage shadowing his skin from his long work nights and days when he forgets to eat. He's tempted to cover himself, but the look on Steve's face stop his hand from reaching for his shirt.
He slides the watch drawer shut and turns his focus to his collection of cufflinks, making a quick choice of a simple pair made of black rhodium before he can overthink that too. He’s fastening them when his eyes fall on a burgundy leather box tucked in the corner of the drawer and he remembers the bangle inside. Perfect.
“I just got here,” Rhodey says calmly. “Besides, you love me and miss me and you were a brat for not answering my calls and not telling me firsthand about Steve. By the way, Mama is cross with you too. She says you haven’t visited even once.”
Clint jumps into the air, his hand closing tightly around the pigskin and the stadium erupts with thunderous noise. Clint runs the ball the final few yards, deftly weaving between tackles trying to take him down, his teammates doing their best to protect him. With a loud whoop lost to the noise of the crowd, he touches down in the end zone just as the timer buzzes, flashing zero.
Loki finds him in the labs early one morning before his first class. Tony barely has the presence of mind to do more than grunt in greeting and make grabby hands at the coffee Loki is holding out for him before going back to tinkering at his robotics project after taking a hearty sip. He barely notices that Loki looks a little bit uncertain and uncomfortable of all things, until he suddenly does.
Tony makes a loud abortive noise to cut her off. He really needs to update his phone security. Maybe build a new one and finally stop using mass market garbage. Or maybe it’ll be easier to just disown Natasha. She is far too quick and sneaky and he clearly needs to keep a closer eye on her.
Steve wants nothing more than to cradle Tony within his embrace and protect him forever, shield him from the horrors of the world they know and the evils that seek to tear them apart. As much as his husband would object to that, it’s in Steve’s nature to want to protect the ones he loves with a single minded ferocity that applies to little else.
“It’s really not the mirror,” Tony says, an edge creeping into his voice. “Just drop it, please. I’m tired.”
Tony considers for a brief moment of lying, and telling Steve that this is all a prank. Then he remembers the contents of the letter, how much of his heart he had poured out onto those pages, and he knows no one will believe him if he says that. Certainly not Steve. The words are far too earnest, far too honest, far too revealing. None of the other four letters were nearly as heartfelt as this one.
Tony snorts. “Like who? Loki? Natasha? Don't be ridiculous. Pepper and Rhodey would never believe any of us could date. Any combination with the people I mentioned would be a disaster. We would kill each other, or more likely they would kill me. Besides, Pepper saw
“Hey honeybun,” Tony calls out as he lifts the lid of the box. “Please come help me with my bracelet—
“I didn't either,” Steve says softly from where he lays sprawled on his own pile of pillows. “I would just build them for myself. I don't know if you know this, but I was very poor growing up.”
Tony ignores the rest of the players and watches as Steve leans in to hug one of the cheerleaders. Peggy. His girlfriend. She looks so small in his arms, Tony notices. She slots into the crook of his shoulder like she's a puzzle piece made to fit Steve and they're so disgustingly perfect. She laughs prettily at something he says and whispers something in his ear before she pushes away from him. She gives him a soft smile and heads back to her squad, leaving Steve to stand in the middle of the field watching her walk away, expression unreadable.
There he is on the sheet of paper, hunched over his worktop with an expression of concentration scrunching his face, a portrait of determination. The drawing is rendered in gentle strokes of grease pencil with lines that speak of great tenderness, meticulous care forming the curves of his face, the line of his nose, the shadow of his brow, the bow of his lips. Most prominent are the eyes, where Steve clearly spent the most time. Graceful curves define the shape of his lid, shadowing the wet gleam of his iris framed with dark wispy lashes, softly lit by the glow of the screen in front of him. The drawing on the page is undeniably him, but Tony has never seen himself look like that before.
Steve’s brow is furrowed and his eyes haunted. Tony doesn’t expect anyone to take their own deaths lightly. It must be painful to hear all of this, and he wonders if he should continue when Steve nods, asking silently.
Steve pauses and turns away. “What happened in Siberia wasn’t a choice either,” he says quietly. “It was never a choice between you and Bucky. It was stopping you before you did something you might regret later, and keeping you from killing him.”
sounds on his phone, but he knows he can't ignore Important Stark Industries Business. He sighs as he opens his email, walking into the kitchen so Steve and Sarah won't see his expression when he reads it.
Tony struggles to be fair, because he’d spent nearly a month in space with no communications, and everyone understandably probably thought he didn’t make it. But, he’s here now. He’s—home.
Tony doesn’t want to talk about the way Strange sacrificed the Time Stone to bargain for his life. Or the way the Guardians disappeared one by one, turned into dust. Or the way Peter had felt disintegrating in his arms, leaving nothing but ashes in his hands. He doesn’t want to talk about how he failed to protect all of them, and how he had somehow survived but stronger,
Even Loki gets infected with school pride by the mid season game, probably because his stepbrother Thor is on the football team, but Tony doesn't have a drop of team spirit in his blood. Friday afternoons are spent in high expectation of the night to come, especially if their team is playing someone important, and Tony sits blankly through the lunchtime conversations, not paying one bit of attention.
He spent an inordinate amount of time earlier in the day trying to decide what to wear before eventually FaceTiming Loki in a panic to beg for help. In the end, he gives up and wears his cleanest least tattered shirt, because it’s not a real date anyways. Which makes him feel like an absolute asshole when he sees Steve on the steps of the Museum of Natural History in slacks and a dark blue button down that strains across his shoulders.
Their lips find each other with ecstatic fervor as Steve surges forward to meet him. Tony finds himself tugged into Steve’s lap as they kiss, and he winds his arms tight around Steve’s shoulders, reluctant to part for even a moment. Which is why he’s confused when Steve begins to pull away, a low whine edging out of his throat as Steve holds him steady with a hand at the nape of his neck.
Steve is sprawled on the rug dozing with his head in Tony’s lap. “You were elected, Madam President,” Tony laughs. “You even nominated yourself,” he reminds her as he runs gentle fingers through Steve’s golden hair. Steve’s eyes are closed as he smiles and burrows deeper against Tony’s stomach.
Tony doesn't know much about football, but he can tell they have a great team. Everyone works seamlessly as a well oiled machine engineered by Coulson and led by Steve.
Natasha just smiles sadly and shakes her head. “I’m sure you’ll be okay,” she says gently, carding her fingers through his hair. “Take it one day at a time. Steve really likes you. Just keep being yourself. You’ll be fine.”
Steve glances into the lab and his eyes alight on Tony briefly as he shuts his locker, getting ready to head to his first class. His eyes quickly flick away, expression flattening into something blank and dismissive. Tony scowls, even as he swallows down the uncomfortable feeling of sharp regret he feels every time Steve looks at him like that.
Tony takes the piece of paper between cramping fingers and what he sees on the page takes his breath away. It's
“Love is never stupid,” Jarvis says gently. “It can make us do foolish things, but love itself is never stupid.”
Steve looks dazed as his eyes flick from Tony’s face and down to his tags hanging around Tony’s neck resting on his chest and down again to the panties he’s wearing, black silk and lace stretched obscenely over his erection. Steve doesn’t answer for a long moment, simply touching and running his hands along the thin lace band sitting on the crest of Tony’s hips and following the pads of his fingers over the cut of the panties on the curve of his ass, and further back to where they disappear as a strip between his cheeks.
“I know,” Pepper sniffs. “But I'm also not crazy like you. I only took on what I knew I could handle, and I still get to sleep.”
Tony does not usually consider himself a jealous or possessive man, but watching Steve dress in velvet and silk
The little note buoys him through his third period class, and he only snoozes a little during the lecture and doesn't even argue the finer points of the Eigenstate Thermalization Hypothesis with his teacher. It's pointless and unkind to argue against idiots anyways.
“You know,” Tony grouches as he drops into the seat next to Steve, “we could've taken Howard's jet anywhere you desired if you wanted to go on vacation.”
“I can't believe we're both so fucking stupid,” Tony says again, gentling his voice to soften the sting of the words. He touches the side of Steve’s face, fingers tracing along his jawline and delights in the way Steve shivers.
Steve chuckles quietly. His hand is still slotted together with Tony’s, palms pressed together and he relaxes his grip a little as though he's about to pull away. Feeling irrationally panicked, Tony holds tighter and steps into Steve’s space until they’re shoulder to shoulder. Steve smiles at him and leads him to the turnstiles where he swipes his metrocard for Tony and gently ushers him through.
That's the naivety talking, because Tony never does work up the courage. The halcyon summer days pass and his chance slips through his fingers. The moment is gone.
They're distracted on the way to the kitchen for food when Steve laughingly asks Tony to dance as a slower song shuffles onto the speakers. At first, Tony doesn't think he means it but Steve's eyes are wide and earnest in the low light.
“What’s going on, Bruce?” Tony asks, cutting straight to the heart of it. “You’re tiptoeing around me. What aren’t you telling me? What happened in the month while I was gone?”
“And then Sam, T’Challa, a lot of the Wakandans who helped us. Then Wanda went, and Vision with her after Thanos took the Mind Stone. And Rocket’s friend Groot. We lost T’Challa’s sister. We lost Fury, and Hill and—“
“How do I even do that?” Tony asks softly, flopping back down on his bed again. He swallows heavily to keep the confessions from spilling out.
“Just turned one,” Rhodey says quietly and the guilt and horror and panic screeches to a halt in Tony’s head.
All of their friends are seated in the chairs, and the Avengers all turn in unison when Tony steps out onto the rooftop. He can feel dozens of wide and surprised eyes focus on him as he stands at the open patio door but his friends’ stares fade into the background when his gaze focuses on the person waiting for him at the end of the aisle.
“I—yes, Tony, you’ve been in and out all week and honestly I think you should spend even more time on bed rest. Your body needs to recover.”
That startles a genuine laugh out of Tony, and he chuckles as he squirms in the circle of Steve’s arms. “How did I forget? You
,” Steve breathes as he hitches Tony's legs higher, large hands spanning the curve of his ass to hold him open. Steve’s thrusts stutter as he looks down to where he's grinding into Tony, the rim of him stretched wide and pink.
Tony realizes what's happening. He's making himself an easy offering, and why shouldn't Steve have some fun while he's waiting to win back the person he truly wants, when Tony is so shamelessly eager? And just like that, the happiness dims a little in the short distance between his living room and the kitchen.
It’s the Friday after their senior trip when Tony finally makes up his mind. He’s all jitters and bouncing leg throughout the day, and Steve writes him sweet little notes filled with tentative worry. Even Bucky sneaks him looks of concern from the side of his eye during lunch, but Tony’s mind is made up.
“I think,” Loki says, turning to Nat and heaving a deep sigh, “Stark is just showing off. He’s not really complaining. He’s just rubbing it in our faces he somehow got Mr. Perfect when he’s a hot mess and we’re both still single.”
Tony works until he forgets about his friends’ worries. He doesn’t want to think about Steve at all, because he knows, feels it bone deep that this thing, this fantasy with Steve is ending soon. They’ve been doing this for so long, he sometimes forgets it’s not real, until something sharply reminds him that he’s only on borrowed time. Today, it’s a particular shade of red on the wire he’s tooling into a motherboard that reminds him of Peggy’s lipstick.
okay, more than okay, better than okay, this is so fucking great—” Tony rambles until Steve moves back up to press their lips together again.
“We had a tradition,” Steve says, his smile fond and wistful, “my parents and I. We would build a pillow fort, just like this one, and try our best to stay up till midnight on Christmas Eve. We would hide inside so Santa wouldn't know we were awake at midnight,” Steve laughs, his expression sad and wistful. “This year is our first Christmas without Da. It didn’t feel right to not continue the fort tradition, but I don’t think Ma can bear to do it this year. I never did make it to midnight though. I always fell asleep around half past eleven.”
The hyper focused viral attention on their relationship starts to peter down sometime during the second week. Tony notices fewer phones aimed in their direction and fewer tweets and snaps about them as the days pass. He can tell Steve is relieved now that the attention is shifting away from them, especially when the sharks find a new victim in Brock Rumlow who recently got booted off the wrestling team for drug use.
“You know I gotta give anyone you date the shovel talk,” Rhodey says. “It's part of my job as your best friend and big brother.”
Cling and Bucky both make gagging noises as Sam grins and makes the second throw, a handful of popcorn hitting Tony on the cheek. It sparks all out war.
Later that night, Tony calls Loki and Natasha over for an emergency meeting and he’s laying in bed staring at the ceiling as he recounts their date for his friends. By the time he gets to the end of the evening where they stroll through Central Park chatting about everything and nothing from the last movie they saw to gripes about their least favorite classes and teachers, Tony sits up and groans.
Tony swallows hard, feeling a weighted heaviness that bobs low in his throat and sees Steve in the reflection looking back just as headily, blue eyes dark and sharp. There’s a small smile curving his lips that grows wider as he turns away from the mirror to walk back to their vanity, his long legs moving in slow loping steps, a predator on the prowl. Tony feels pinned, like a prey animal for the taking, but instead of pulling Tony in for deep kisses and forgoing the night’s events for their own night in, Steve reaches around him before stepping away again.
” is all Tony knows how to say. He can feel the hot pinprick of wetness prickling in his eyes as tears gather in the sweep of his lashes. He’s so full of Steve in every way, and he wants desperately to be like this forever.
Tony raises a brow. He’s starting to shiver from the cold. Unlike Peggy, he’s not wearing a coat out in the winter night.
“You’re so beautiful. I wish I could draw you like this,” Steve says, ducking down to press his lips to the dip of his throat and Tony aches from the heat he hears in Steve’s voice.
Before he really thinks about what he's doing, Tony is running down the bleachers and vaulting over the barrier between crowd and field. Steve tosses his helmet carelessly onto the grass when he hears Tony calling out his name, and begins to jog towards him.
Somewhere between Marks LXXII and LXXIV, a presence quietly makes itself known in his lab. Steve is a quiet shadow in the back, ever silent as he sits at one of the crash couches with a sketchbook or tablet in hand and draws. The scratch of pencil is lost beneath the heavy guitars of AC/DC, and Tony’s back stops prickling after LXXX.
Between one moment and the next, there is a rush of wind, but that is impossible, the study has no windows, and then there is a sickening plasticky crack. Tony watches in horror as his bot tumbles to the ground, breaking into five pieces, the fingers he worked so hard to build now crooked and twisted. He looks up numbly with wide eyes to see his father's enraged expression and upraised hand.
“I met you first through Aunt Peggy,” Tony says quietly. “Not Captain America, but Steve Rogers. She had so many stories about you. It was hard to reconcile the real you with the legends Howard told.”
“You're incorrigible today,” Tony tells him. “Not that I'm complaining—” he breaks off with a gasp as Steve presses an open mouthed kiss to his neck. He nearly arches off the bed at the feeling of Steve's teeth against his pulse as his hand finds him expertly, finger stroking around his rim before pushing in.
“We’ve been through a lot, my love, together and apart.” Tony can hear his voice wobbling slightly, and he clears his throat but the lump there does not disappear. He forges on. “We’ve already been through the thick and thin, the happiness and the strife, the sickness and health, and we don’t have to worry about money, because hello, billionaire and—nevermind. And we’re here now. I’ll be honest, when I was staring at the poster of Captain America in my boarding school dorm that definitely didn’t exist, I never would’ve believed in a million years I would stand before you now,
The guilt of keeping the secret washes heavy in his breast again, a feeling that’s starting to become familiar with how often he feels that way and the words bubble up on the tip of his tongue as the urge to confess intensifies. Tony is saved from blurting everything out when Natasha says, “Tony, just let yourself enjoy something for once.”
“Let’s stay home,” Tony says imploringly, peering up at Steve from beneath his lashes with a pleading expression he knows Steve finds hard to resist. He leans up to steal another kiss before his husband, his better, more responsible half can say no.
Tony breathes through his nose and nods tersely, making up his mind. “I’ll just be a moment, Happy. Thank you.”
He flees, scrambling from his bed to get away from Natasha and runs for his lab. That's all he's ever good at. Running.
Behind them, Rhodey’s parents are finishing up loading the car with the rest of Rhodey’s things. Despite Tony’s offer of letting them take the SI jet, they had politely declined, wanting to drive their only son to college, even as Tony shudders at the idea of driving four hours. They’re loading in the final suitcase and it’s almost time. Tony’s best friend is leaving.
Distantly, he hears Rhodey clear his throat and begins the ceremony as their officiant. Tony is ashamed to say he hears none of Rhodey’s words. He only has eyes and ears for Steve who is staring back at him with the same expression of open joy, wondrous disbelief, and warm love. Eventually, he feels the subtle prod on his elbow as their audience chuckles. That’s his cue.
gets to just skip out whenever he feels like it? What the actual fuck? Tony and his friends have been trying to bribe the guards for
Nat pats his arm sympathetically and rubs his arm. “I'm sure you can learn to be,” she says consolingly. “But we have it from here.”
He waits, vibrating with tension, Nebula equally tense beside him, her arms up and ready in defense. There will be little they can do to defend themselves if they’re faced with danger. Any guns and weapons they had were broken down and rewelded into parts for the ship.
Natasha looks unfazed as he grabs the phone and lifts one shoulder in an unapologetic shrug. “Texting Loki to come help,” she replies calmly. “You don't have to hide your phone from me. There's nothing in it I haven't seen before. And I already knew about the sneaky photos you have of Ste—”
Pepper is disturbingly awake as she passes Tony his venti americano with three extra shots and slides into the seat next to him. She reaches over to fix his wrinkled collar and tries to finger comb his unruly hair into submission. He submits manfully to her fussing.
“I’m so sorry, Tony,” she says quietly, her voice thick with emotion. Tony isn’t sure what’s worse, this confession or seeing his beautiful stoic Natasha break down like this in front of him. “I’m so, so, so sorry. It was never meant to hurt you. All I've ever wanted was for you to be happy, and for you to stop being sad all the time. I couldn’t stand to see you always hurting and so lonely, so when I saw those letters when we were cleaning your room, I somehow thought it would be a good idea.”
It’s like Tony can finally breathe again with Steve beside him. Ironic, since they’re about to suffocate. But even with impending death looming, it feels as though a weight has been lifted off of him.
“She’s tired of you moping,” Rhodey answered, watching them struggle with the sheet from the doorway.
He could have sworn he heard Steve snort at him, but when Tony tried to make eye contact with him, Steve was already sketching away. The playful retort he had ready to fire at the other man died on his lips, and he diverted his attention to maintaining the, frankly, ridiculous pose he had put himself in.
After cleaning up the mess he’d made while making his sandwich, Tony set the security system Coulson had shown him in the hallway. It was some archaic, store-bought system, and he couldn’t help but miss JARVIS as he punched the numbers into the worn out keypad.
“Oh, what was it that you said? That I was a puzzle to solve?” Tony reflexively stepped back away from Steve.
The shield was stopped mid-swing, just inches above the glowing center of the armor. Tony released the breath he didn’t realize he was holding in, and the bone-chilling cold began to fade away along with the scenery around him. He pushed off the concrete pillar to roll over onto his side, scrambling to get himself vertical again, but his limbs were unsteady and tingly, almost like they had fallen asleep.
“Is there a time limit?” Steve hoped he sounded casual rather than embarrassed at being caught staring.
love. It would have been nice if they’d both had experiences somewhere in the middle of those extremes… maybe there was something Tony could do about that this year, at least.
“I feel like I should apologize for my hand in that,” Tony offered, heart sinking at the idea that he had somehow pushed Steve to that point.
When Tony woke up the next morning, his heart felt a bit heavier knowing it was almost the end. Or kind of the end, at least. The feeling of loss was already beginning to creep into his chest, so he quickly got out of bed and padded down the stairs to look for Steve.
Tony’s head jerked up when the realization hit him, and he looked up at Steve, who had an absolutely blinding smile on his face.
Which really somehow made things worse. ‘Things’ as in really inconvenient childhood crushes on national icons. Really, Steve had some nerve being so absolutely perfect, and caring, and attractive, and everything Tony should never want because he knew he could never have it. He was kind and selfless, and he even brought home stray cats and brainwashed assassins for crying out loud. Tony didn’t even come close to deserving him, but knowing that didn’t make him
She rolled her eyes at him and continued, placing a file of papers on his desk. “As I was saying, we’ve been working on trimming down assets to even out some of the losses from the big switch, but there’s one upstate I’ve been having issues with getting it sold. It’s an old inn located in some quiet town, overlooks a small lake, lots of snow this time of year.”
Did Tony have a cat? Steve couldn’t remember him ever mentioning one, but the cat seemed way too friendly to be a stray that had somehow wandered in.
Surprisingly, after that Natasha developed a habit of gently murmuring to the cat in Russian, and Steve briefly wondered if she was trying to teach him secret code words like how some people trained their dogs in foreign languages. There was also something terrifying about the way Natasha perched on the couch with the cat in her lap like some sort of movie villain, but Steve tried not to dwell on it.
Steve found himself... relieved that this was the direction his life was going now. When he had woken up from the ice, he had felt so lost and alone. The Avengers had given him something to latch onto when Tony invited them all to live in his tower after the Chitauri invasion. Finding and saving Bucky had been nothing short of a miracle, but there was no way he would have been able to do it without his team supporting him. He didn’t long for the past anymore. He had for months after the ice, but now that the only piece of his past that had him still looking back was at his side, Steve felt like the only way to go was forward.
“Sooo,” Tony started, poking at the eggs on his plate. “If we’ve eliminated your death as the source of your lingering regrets, maybe there’s something else around here that we’ve missed.”
“I was wondering if you were gonna pretend not to like him as long as you’ve been pretending with Steve,” Bruce mentioned as the elevator headed for the common floor.
“Just don’t push yourself so hard. You’re not alone anymore, and I’ll be damned if we’re going anywhere.”
“Actually, I did try asking her out years ago,” Tony laughed, remembering it fondly. “She printed out the company’s sexual harassment policies and left it on my desk the next morning.”
“Your threats are hollow, Danvers,” Tony called out as the door clicked closed behind his friends. With a sigh, he untangled himself from the sheets and kicked them off to get up and make an attempt at looking like a somewhat presentable human, lest he face the wrath of Carol Danvers busting down his door again.
It was something he hadn’t accounted for when he asked them all to move in to the Tower: the Avengers actually becoming more than a team… something more like a family. But here they were, and the Tower had begun to feel more like a home than it ever had before, and it almost terrified Tony more than what kept him up at night.
“That’s just fantastic,” she commented. “I’ll see if I can find another one who can meet you this week. Other than that, how is everything so far?”
as he spoke to the cat circling his ankles as he prepared food for the little fluffbutt. Orion’s eyes are huge and adorable as he watched Steve mix warm water into the food and mashed it all up (someone’s spoiled as fuck), and he kept meowing at the super soldier, who was making a conversation of it.
He chanced a look in Steve’s direction, and he had that damn pencil between his damn pouty lips again as he furrowed his brow and erased whatever line had offended him so deeply. How dare it not be as perfect as the man drawing it.
And while the cat wasn’t allowed into Bruce’s lab, occasionally Steve would find the two of them in the living room doing yoga. Or well, Bruce would be doing yoga, while Orion did his own little kitty stretches on the floor next to the scientist before settling down to observe him.
“Looks are just a bonus. Nice packaging. They don’t matter if you unwrap it and find a pile of shit inside.” He saw Steve laugh at that and couldn’t help but smile, too. “Anyway, I’ve seen the old photos. You may have hit a growth spurt, but it didn’t magically make you handsome overnight or something. That was already there.”
“Well,” Steve got his laughter under control, and his brilliant grin was replaced by a teasing smile, though his face was tinged with red from laughing. “You gonna show me what you’ve got in mind?”
“What? No, don’t send him to this winter wonderland hellscape, Pepper. I swear I’m fine, scout’s honor.”
After a few hours of working out in the gym and sparring with Bucky, Steve returned to his floor for a long, refreshing shower and a change of clothes. Usually this was the time of day that Orion would be in his room, unless one of the other Avengers whisked him away for the afternoon. He looked around for a bit and called the cat’s name, but he was nowhere to be found. There was a tiny voice in the back of his mind that was suddenly worried, but Steve ignored it because it wasn’t like the cat could have really gotten too far away.
Steve scoots back in his seat and turns around to address Thor properly, and Tony has to bite back a whine at the loss of contact.
How in the hell had things actually been simpler back when everyone had initially moved in and there had been a weird tension leftover from the helicarrier incident hanging over the Tower, especially between him and Steve. But somewhere along the way, the friction had faded into companionship, and some-fucking-how he’d become friends with this merry band of oddballs. And they hadn’t left Tony yet.
“Yup,” Steve replied, pushing himself off the doorframe. He gathered up the newspapers and books and stacked them neatly, giving Tony a stern look that told him to drop the search. “Dinner will be ready in twenty minutes. Be there or maybe I’ll find a way to stick around just to haunt you.”
He scratched the cat’s ears for a bit before he stood up and headed for the elevator… only for the cat to follow him inside like he knew exactly where he was going.
“And so you call him ‘platypus’ because of that?” Steve hadn’t stopped laughing through Tony’s entire story, and his own cheeks were hurting from smiling so hard.
Taken aback, Tony shook his head at the unbidden thought, his chest suddenly tight with anger and grief. Where did that even come from?
Natasha chimed in, primly, but with a pointed stare in Tony’s direction, “I thought you liked cats.”
Finally, after what had seemed like endless weeks of tests and training exercises, Tony was suited up and in the conn-pod with his copilot to his right, preparing for their first drift together.
Sometime that week, a really nice cat tree mysteriously appeared on the communal floor out of the blue, and Clint whined that he was a bit jealous.
Tony let out a derisive snort as he thought back to his childhood Christmases, or lack thereof. “We uh… we never really did much as a family when I was growing up. Howard was always busy with the company, and Mom always seemed to have a reason to be out of the house.”
Steve took a moment to just watch as Clint was taking to his new role as Ear Scratcher with much delight as the cat repeatedly pushed his head into the archer’s hand, wanting more attention. The little guy sure was affectionate for a stray, and Steve couldn’t help the fondness he was already developing.
“Aww, but it’s cold as balls out. His li’l beans might get frostbite.” The archer protested as he continued to pay attention to the feline intruder. “I can see the headlines now: ‘Heartless Billionaire Kicks Helpless Stray Cat Out in the Middle of a Snowstorm.’”
“Hey, Rogers. Check this out.” He motioned for Steve to come over. When Steve saw what Tony was investigating, he tensed up immediately.
Even despite the withdrawal of government support, Stark Industries continued to pour all its resources into the Jaeger Program. Tony refused to be standing at the end of the world without having done everything he possibly could have, though it took a few years to convince Marshal Fury that Tony himself should be the one piloting. Reluctant to let their best engineer put his life on the line, Fury had refused his repeated requests to join the Ranger program, but it seemed desperation had changed the man’s tune as fewer and fewer recruits were entering the program.
