“Tony..” Pepper breathed out, horrified, as her hands rose to her mouth in a nervous gesture. She didn’t know how to take the news. Steve knew how she was feeling.
“Don’t you think we need to take him to the hospital, considering he was almost raped?” Steve asked a little aggressively.
“Sorry Captain. But I can’t tell you. I need to find Tony right now. Now please move or I’ll have to make you.”
Steve's calm and deep voice in his ear giving reassurances and his big palm pressing was too much in combination. Tony first felt a few drops leave his cock, then short bursts, then he was peeing. He tried not to think of how he was standing splayed naked with his feet spread in the middle of his team captains living room, peeing into a bottle that the said team captain was holding. He ignored the smell and peed, until there was nothing more in him. When he was done he felt completely drained.
“Look, I don’t have to explain Tony’s personal business to you, but I’m sure you know I’m the only one he remembers. Do you have any idea how scary it is to wake up to a foreign world? To feel alone? He needs time to get to know people and trust them. For now, I’m the only one he can easily trust. I can’t just leave him alone.”
"If this is going where I think it's going, I'll send Fury a bouquet of roses." he said. The corner of Steve's lips lifted for a second but then the half-smile vanished.
"Come here." Steve said, holding out a hand. Tony slowly crawled back into his initial position where he was kneeling next to Steve. Steve's hand immediately found his way into his hair.
Tony nodded, then remembering the order said out loud, "Yes Steve." That didn't sound so bad. Rogers must have thought so because the hand was back in his hair and started to pet Tony's hair.
“You’re trembling.” The alpha said and Tony shook his head. He didn’t really feel like talking right now. It wasn’t exactly like when he knelt next to Steve. But it wasn’t that dissimilar to that quiet state of submission either. Steve seemed to understand and did nothing more than pet Tony for a long while.
He plucked the box out of Tony's hand and shut it in his fist, then swung Tony up by his hand to wrap his arms around him.
Then one of his hands moved up to hook a finger under the collar around Tony's neck that the sub had forgotten was there. Then Steve used the collar to pull Tony closer.
It was a good feeling. So good that while he listened to Steve flip through the pages of some magazine above his head, he thought he could sit here like this forever.
After the Colonel left, Steve had sent Tony to get showered and dressed, so Tony did. He wished they could just stay at home for one more day but Steve seemed to think it’d still be best for Tony if Tony didn’t spend his days at home, isolated form people other than Steve. Anyway the alpha probably had work to do. He couldn’t sit around all day with Tony.
Frustrated, Steve was playing the car ride from Syria to Turkey in his head, nothing weird there. Except Tony’s silence. But at the time Steve had thought it was because he was tired, sick, in shock.. whatever state people found themselves in after being shot down with an antiaircraft missile in a tin can. Then Tony’s behavior at the border. Was it possible that Steve was exaggerating? Tony had simply been disoriented and combined with Steve’s wishful thinking it had felt like Tony had clung to him? Looked at him with relief and hope? But no, Tony had clearly called for Steve. He had started to say something. “I thought…” what..? What had Tony thought?
But the captain took over the microphone for the first time. Happy and Pepper knew he had just agreed to stand beside Tony to lend him support. They all knew Tony had been much more nervous about the press conference then he let on, on the tv screen. Letting go of the alpha act was hard for him, declaring to the world that he was an omega. And getting married to Captain America on top of that.
Tony was still freezing to the touch but Steve forced himself to not flinch from the contact. Some of his previous bed partners had called him a furnace, cuddling in a cold winter night, so he hoped that would come in handy now.
“Err.. Next time, tell him to have one of the guestrooms alright? In fact, you know what, he can choose one for himself, it can be Steve’s room here. ”
“I guess they left the whole lab to me.” He said with a smile, but it seemed a very sad one to Tony.
There, it was out. He sounded pathetic and clingy and insecure but wasn't that just the truth of the matter?
Yes. Yes, that was sweet. He snapped his hips again, then again, pulling out further and going back in deeper every time, he started to fuck Tony mercilessly. It was all scents and Tony’s cries now. All arousal and submission and want. The pain he could hear in Tony’s voice was denied in the next second through the omegas moans of pleasure and Steve knew all was right. Everything was right, everything was exactly as they needed to be.
Tony banged his head on the wheel this time then flinched when someone honked loudly right next to him.
“Worry about? You just called him a ‘mark’.  He’s not a tool or a weapon. I’m fine with SHIELD employing my abilities, I’m a solider, and one that is built by the government. Tony is not. He doesn’t have to be tied down by the chain of command, you can’t own him and you can’t use him. He was doing all you guys a favor since the beginning. He has a right to disclose whatever he wants about himself, or not.”
No he was not, but all the anger was now replaced by hiccups and sobs. Steve magically produced a paper towel and handed it to Tony to wipe his face with.
Well, my computer died. Taking my written material and notes for future stuff along with it. Apparently I backed up all my real life related projects and such but not the fanfic:( And I've been working on a huge project irl so I've been too busy to spare time to try and salvage it. Hence this emberresment happening right now.
Steve stood there for a moment, trying decide if he should really follow up on the issue or let Pepper be. Then some old lady dripping with gaudy diamonds jostled him out of his contemplation,
“All we need to do is get to the border. Then the medical can take care of you.” He told Tony, he tried to look out into the road as he pulled onto it but when he couldn’t help from glancing back at Tony, Tony was nodding, clearly not really understanding but going along with whatever Steve was saying, his eyes looking large and confused. Steve couldn’t really take it.
"I didn't know we were expecting Pepper." Tony commented, then when Steve kept looking at him he said,
"Yeah I'll ask them after you have Pepper take them out like yesterdays trash. Think about it Tony, what is it that bothers you so much about this whole thing?"
"Too late, you already earned yourself punishmet." Steve said, then he dumped Tony on the threadmill. "But this is not it. Punishment will come later. This is exercise. 20 minutes warm up cardio. Now."
Cap must have rearranged the course differently today because the instructions were different, but Tony's first step was much more confident than his first step had been the previous day.
"Alright. I won't take them." He peeked out at Steve with a single eye from under his hand, "As long as you promise to come running." he teased.
"No? He's not a submissive, why would he be collared?" He asked, still a bit dazed from the spot on character analysis the dom was delivering.
What was Tony doing, throwing that all back? Making Steve feel unwanted, less than, treating Steve as if his decision didn't matter. Tony was trying to make the decision for Steve, the decision of whom to collar.
"Fuck, Steve, that's not what I meant! I just.. I just think you deserve better than being stuck with me as a sub!"
“It’s well known that you two didn’t get along very well before this incident Captain. So please understand my surprise when I received news of you driving Mr Stark home everyday. Of course, it’s very good of you to care so much about a team mate. Even one you didn’t used to like very much.”
Again, it was Steve that drove them to SHIELD. On the way, Tony prattled on about the car he chose today, but it was a model too new for Steve’s tastes. And apparently German. Customized to a t, Steve couldn’t deny that it handled like a dream.
First order of business, as soon as Steve reached home and he closed the door behind him, he shucked off what was left of his dress uniform and threw himself into the shower. It was almost an embarrassingly short amount of time before he came into his own hand, his erection finally going down.
And of course, there was the fact that he hadn’t felt like running to his own place with a massive erection. Tony’s place was huge, with guest rooms with their adjacent bathrooms. He thought Tony wouldn’t mind if he took a shower.
Steve remembered that moment very vividly. At the time, he’d thought he was watching Iron Man die to save millions of lives.
It was mostly finger food, no noodles for them today. And Steve had taken the opportunity to order some vegetables on the side. Steamed and drenched in butter, evet Tony would have to like the broccoli and carrots.
And the dom was half hard. He clearly meant to show off and the sub thought he had every reason to. Tony was a bit of a size queen, about everything, honestly, but Steve wasn't just well hung. His cock was both thick, long and looked heavy but it was also beautiful in a sense. Surrounded by short, very dark blond hair at the base, and supporting perfect balls. Tony thought, 'So this is what peak of human perfection is'.
"Misguided? I don't care what you need Rogers. He is gone. He is defenseless out there! God knows what was going through his mind when he left and he has the self preservation instincts of a gnat! Excuse me while I worry about my friend. Why worry over an omega you just fucked because it was convenient?!"
When the obstacle course was done, Tony recognized himself as being in subspace again. He was sort of getting used to the feeling. The peace of it felt more welcoming than the previous days. Once more the captain let him keep the blindfold on as much as he needed and Tony thought about how they were forming a routine.
"Oh now you're locking me out? It's ok to keep Tony out of the loop because he's a collared house sub now?" Tony stood up, "I am still Ironman in case you forgot. If I'll be locked out, why am I even doing this?  I don't need to take this bullshit!" his hand went to his collar to take it off, rip it off, whatever it takes.. But then Steve and Barton were both next to him in a flash.
Damn. He had history with this Banner guy? But now Tony was just too curious to pass this bit of information up.
It was too much, Tony’s dismissive attitude, being shooed away like a stray dog when all Steve had wanted to do was to offer some degree of peace of mind. And deep down, in the darkest corners of his brain, it was rejection from the omega he had won fair and square.
Tony looked into the dominants intense blue eyes, open and earnest. Then felt the tightness in his gut unravel. There was nothing he could do. Rogers was right.
Steve’s hand reappeared again, this time holding a piece of chocolate. Tony opened his mouth but when Steve made to pull back, he sucked Steve’s fingers in, chasing the remains of the sweet with his tongue, cleaning and thanking him silently for the food, while he tried to remind Steve what he could have from his omega. Tell him that he’d be willing.
It felt incredibly nice, to lay this close to Steve's bigger body, feel his strong hands gently massage his aching arms and fingers. He dropped off to sleep in a matter of seconds, none of his usual concerns making an appearance to keep him up all night.
But Tony didn’t answer, just kept looking at him with an expression Steve had no chance of deciphering while more than half his eyes were in shadows. Or it could just be that Tony wasn’t entirely lucid. He must have hit his head pretty hard to get a cut under the helmet.
When his shirt fell open to reveal the glow of it behind the undershirt Tony was wearing, the Captain touched it gently. This time Tony forced himself to hold still, because this was Steve Rogers.  His team mate, one of the best men he knew, if not the best. He did trust him with his life. It would take a bit more work to trust him with his dignity but Tony knew Rogers wouldn't knowingly put him in danger.
"You are such a little whore for it aren't you Tony?" Steve breathed, this time sounding ragged. His hand was fast on his cock now, and Tony could see how he squeezed on every down sroke and twisted a thumb around the head on every up stroke.
Suddenly Tony was overcome with the strong urge to look and see the alpha, the perfect shades of yellow in his hair, the darker and ridiculously thick, long eye lashes, his skin, his nose, the line of his jaw, the full lips, and the abs. God. Tony had done good. He had done very good. He wasn’t sure if it was an omega thing, or a Tony Stark thing but he felt proud. He knew, in an embarrassingly animalistic level, his alpha was the strongest, fittest, and most gorgeous and he belonged to Tony.
Tony grumbled but didn't argue this time. Steve stood next to the thread mill with arms crossed until Tony started picking up speed. Finally he nodded, satisfied that his sub was obeying, for once.
Putting his fork down Steve laughed at Tony's expression for a second then grabbing him around the waist pulled him into his lap. Tony squeaked.
For a moment Tony felt Steve's chin touch his head as the captains arms tightened around him. Then he had this curious sensation like a light kiss pressed into his hair.
He didn’t want Steve to leave. But there was no fair reason to ask Steve to stay. He knew Steve was trying to offer to stay as tactfully as possible and failing hard, Tony wanted to tell him yes, yes he needed Steve here. He was still scared, that his only anchor to the world around him was Steve. But it would be unfair to him. The guy had his own life. Maybe his own omega even? A pretty petite blond, younger than Tony. A girl probably, Steve looked like he’d like boobs. But he was still nice enough to offer as much comfort to Tony as he could.
"Treated hemp," Steve informed him as Tony felt the rope starting to wind around one wrist. "Soft but strong."
“I want you to understand.” Steve said. “Look you don’t have to talk to me about.. whatever you think is none of my business, I don’t mean to meddle in your personal life but-”
"Mr Stark. As much as I'm sure I'll enjoy the lack of a gag reflex, that is not the reason I volunteered." The dom answered darkly. He did sound a bit put off, despite his words. Tony sort of hated him for the patronizing tone. He supposed he should get used to it though.
Semi transparent shower stall was closed and Steve could see the dark form of Tony huddled on the floor of the stall. Other than that everything looked normal. He pulled the stall open to see the omega sitting there, hugging his knees, his gaze fixed on the wall. He still had his pajama bottoms on and they were soaking wet.
He spoke into the microphone shoved under his nose, sounding calm and collected, trying to relay his geniune belief in the cause. And when he could get away from the suffocating crowd he moved to a secluded corner to breathe for a few minutes. And of course to watch Tony.
"No." He answered, then with a guiding hand under Tony's belly button he pulled the sub's hips back.
“Yes. So I was thinking… Pepper and I.. We decided it’d be better for Tony to remember things on his own but now that it’s been a while and there seems to be no progress, I was wondering if I could have copies of some of Tony’s own mission reports? I still think Tony needs to remember his own life by himself but maybe if we let him read some of the minor mission reports, events that Tony took part in.. That might help? Nothing very confidential, I don’t want to dump the New York incident on him, or case files about Mexico… Or Afghanistan, god forbid. But maybe it’d be a good idea to let him take a peek at how Iron Man worked with the Avengers? If you could select some of the less important mission reports?”
He carded the fingers of his free hand through Tony’s hair, gently pulling his head to rest on his knee and Tony went with it. The geniuses dark hair was soft and Steve had to relish the feeling of being able to touch finally. Tony’s eyes closed and Steve got the feeling if Tony could purr, he would. Instead he got a distinct scent of satisfaction when he discreetly smelled the air. He kept petting Tony as he started to speak.
Steve scratched his ear, thoughtful. "Still, I'd appreciate it if you kept me in the loop." he said.
After some hours in which the infirmary staff had started giving Steve annoyed and confused looks, Pepper arrived. After all, there wasn’t actually much reason for Steve to still be there. The Avengers got injured often during fights, and barring the fact that Coulson sometimes waited outside Clint’s door, none of them had ever seen the need for it. They were friends, yes, but injury wasn’t shocking to anyone anymore. Shit happened, you bounced back.
"When we're home I'll help you settle in, then I'll punish you for disobeying the first order I gave you. We have the week off. I've arranged everything with Ms Potts, in case this meeting went well. I'll inform her that it did. Now heel."
“Jarvis told me. Pepper, he was unresponsive. He wouldn’t look at me or talk to me. Not until the next morning.” Steve told her anxiously.
“How may I help you Captain?” Coulson asked when Steve peeked his head into the other mans much larger office after knocking lightly.
Tony’s relieved sigh to Steve’s answer almost hurt more than the question. This wasn’t fair. But Steve had always known going into this alpha-omega arrangement that Tony wasn’t in his right mind to give content, that he could and most likely would change his mind at some point.
"Oh you sneaky bast- sneak! How do you even know how to cook?" Tony was already seated at the table and was digging in as he spoke, "I thought you said you ate canned spaghetti!"
But it was clear in the way her eyes crinkled a little that she was missing her Tony. The one with the sharp wit and the sharper tongue.
“I remember a nuclear bomb. Fury had something to do with it? And I keep thinking the phrase ‘rage monster’. What even is that? Have we fought a green angry monster? The Avengers or whatever? There was something about an energy source that gives me the creeps. The Tessawhatever. All the bits and pieces are a little disturbing. How do I trust SHIELD? Frankly, you guys don’t have much credibility other than Steve’s word here.”
“Well, not permanent. Tony, are you alright? I heard you didn’t go in for a psych eval. It’s been more than a week now, aren’t you worried? I have to say, I find your new…closeness with Captain Rogers a little out of character.”
Tony felt exposed, known, and somehow.. not in danger. He was still nervous and maybe even afraid. But looking at the shoes, the reality of a dominant that knew him so well was right infront of him, and Tony was on his knees for him, felt... It felt like he could maybe surrender just a little bit. Just inside his own head, for a couple of seconds.
The cage was pinching Tony horribly now but he didn't care! He did not care! He kept licking his lips and swallowing on air. Steve's hand was speeding up as Tony incrementally knee walked to the shower stall.
Steve  gave him a bit of a look but didn't say anything. He turned to Barton when Tony raised his chin defiently.
He knew he had to pull his hand back, he knew he needed to warn Tony, or have another talk with him, make it clear that their relationship couldn’t be a sexual one until Tony was in a state that he could give informed consent.
Steve stepped over to the counter to lift a paper towel covering a plate, revealing a big breakfast.
"Well it hurt." Tony said petulently. The doms hand wandered back to Tony's head, pushed it back on his knee, and then to Tony's surprise started to gently rub the spot that hurt.
“Yes, thank you.” The Colonel followed him. Steve felt better when the other man sat down on one of the stools this time. He busied himself with getting out a mug and pouring coffee.
At that Pepper flashed him a sincere look of worry but her expression smoothed over in less than a second.
"Your tally for today is 14." The captain informed him. "2 for your minor slip up in the gym, touching the equipment during the course, 10 for the big slip up in the gym. 2 more for your comments in the kitchen. I want to you to think about why I'm giving you 10 hits for your attitude problem in the gym Tony. I'll even give you a hint, it's about control."
"Stop. Stand up. 4 more steps, duck right. Stop! Lean to your right Tony. Yes, you can stand up now. Turn right. There are steps in front of you, you'll have to climb. 2 steps. Stop! There is a gap. Step over it. You can step over it. Good! Careful! Good, that's good.."
Tony gaped at Steve like a fish for a moment, then snapped his jaw close and bent his head. Steve felt a pang of regret at the gesture, before the head wound, Tony wouldn’t have just accepted the criticism. He would have fought back. Maybe even pushed Steve bodily as Steve suddenly realized how close he was standing to Tony, crowding him to the wall. He took a step back, the submissive gesture bringing Steve to his senses.
After swallowing he licked his lips and said, "Fuck, if this is how you use your hands, I can't wait for the rest of the show."
Happy barked out a laugh in front of the screen, as Steve went crimson red standing next to Tony. The reporters gathered murmured for a moment when another question was shouted out,
“I hardly needed to Captain.” Coulson looked at him again and this time the calm smile only annoyed Steve further.
“Wait, which suppressants? I thought there were no suppressants, wasn’t that what Tony’s foundation was working on?”
"I thought it went well." Tony said as he walked into the room, fiddling with a cufflink, then he held his arm out to Pepper, who took up the task with a sigh.
He pulled off his jacket immediately, resolutely ignoring his erection. It was not the time, nor the place. And instinctual urges aside, they needed to talk. Tony had much to explain before.. No matter that his animal instinct was howling at him that he had just fought off two other alphas and won the prize omega that smelled incredibly delicious, he also had strong enough will power to do the right thing.
"Good. That's a good decision." Steve said, sounding extremely serious. Maybe too serious for the situation but Tony appreciated not being mocked.
“Tony!” Steve screamed into his comm but there was no response, to his horror he couldn’t even see where the Iron Man landed. Above them approaching choppers started to block their path. They needed to leave now. Steve didn’t have time to come up with a plan.
“Or not.” Tony hastily went on, realizing his fauxpas. “Ok. I’ll be over there. If you change your mind. About letting me fly I mean. Yeah.” Then he scampered to the work table and started fiddling with possibly dangerous equipment.
Steve pulled his hand back, and looked away, preparing himself to refuse, no matter how much he wanted Tony, even if for a little while, and even if only to help.
"No." On the screen, Tony answered the reporters question. "He is too professional for that. Steve would never let our personal relationship effect how we work together in the field. Though I'm completely fine with it if he'd rather spank me than file a report on me when he's annoyed."
The sub shrugged, but kept stroking himself, one of his hands trailed up his stomach to find a nipple.
"That's not the point. The point is for you to try and obey. Also if you learned to cook, it wouldn't be a completely useless skill for you. Now don't make me repeat myself." Steve gave Tony a look and left the kitchen.
Tony woke up in the middle of the night to the covers sticking to his body and sat up in bed to throw off his shirt. He could feel sweat starting to bead on his hairline at the back of his neck.
“Yeah I’m very smart, aren’t I. You should see my cool toys.” He followed Banner to one of the work stations.
“But I know how to fly it now! Technically.. How can I go back to work if I can’t use one of these suits?”
Unable to bear lying next to Steve, Tony got up and walked to his own little room. It looked cold in the meager light, spartan. His few possessions and the clothes Clint had brought over still lying on the bed.
Tony looked at him for a while, then nodded and bowed his head, seemingly accepting that it was all Steve was ready to reveal. Steve didn’t really trust the easy acceptance.
At that Tony sank to his knees, muttering “I do trust you, you already know that. I feel like you’re milking it now. Acting like I’m all-”
I know I have been gone for a long time. I got lots of amazing comments on this and I have been reading each and everyone, I was just very overwhelmed to answer everyone individually. I still appreciated every word. I do feel very guilty, I apologize for not replying on time. You are all amazing people, every single one. I am sorry couldn't show my appreciation more.
"Tony?" Steve asked, now sounding slightly worried. Gentle. Whichever way Tony decided Steve would make it happen.
"You will not come without permission. I know you have a high sex drive, I'll buy cages if you need help with this rule. And on that note, I want you to come and ask me for help if you ever have trouble obeying any order. You're not alone anymore Tony and all your responsibility is to me. I will always listen to your concerns and help you. My goal isn't to trip you up, this is not a competition. All you need to worry about is keeping me happy and obeying me. You have to understand that we are on the same side."
It happened almost a month later. Steve had been ignoring Tony, Tony had been his usual self, not even bothering to give Steve the silent treatment, acting like nothing had happened. Fury had called them out on a minor but very delicate mission. In Syria.
Tony was going through his decision in his head, kneeling on the cream colored fur in front of the fireplace when Rogers walked in  from the open kitchen. There was a moment of silence in which Tony kept his head down, obeying the order he was given a little bit too late. Do not look up without permission.
“Don’t be ridiculous Tony. The Colonel came straight from the airport to see you.” Then he lowered his voice a little, “Be polite.”
"I'll freeze your cock just a little bit, for trying to manipulate your dominant." Steve smirked, then he started to raise the shower head from Tony's feet to his ankles and then knees.
But when she looked up Tony was looking at Steve rather than at Pepper. He felt like he had to say something.
Steve shook his head. Then why would Tony run away like this? So suddenly.. As soon as his heat was over.. Because there was no explanation for the situation, was there? He had forbidden Jarvis from telling them where he’d went. He hadn’t left a note, no nothing.
It took Steve less than ten minutes to reach the spot where the wreck of the Iron Man should be, killing easily and blowing up one of the antiaircraft weapons on his way. He didn’t even take the time to be grateful when Clint helped with the other antiaircraft on his way out, laying down cover fire from the jet before leaving.
"Uhhhh-" Tony hyperventilated through his nose. His whole being was zeroed in on this one spot where the Captain's mouth met his body and it was such an assault on his senses, he didn't even realise how he was aching his back and trying to press as far back as his position allowed.
After that Tony whipped the covers off of himself and got up to look for his clothes. Steve watched with growing anxiety with a mix of confused arousal as Tony furiously ripped through his closet, then he walked out in a pair of old track pants and a faded Led Zeppelin t-shirt.
Right then Tony would have used his colors maybe, but the Captain's hand found it's way to Tony's hair, petting him and gentling his words. Tony shook his head.
Tony looked down at himself first, then to the pieces of armor that he was still sitting in. Steve watched him, trying to understand how Tony would react to the state of his suit but when Tony looked up there was an odd look in his eyes. Not anger, no, but more of a pleading look, a confused, scared,  helpless look that Steve had seen only once before. It made his blood run cold in his veins.
“There is nothing to tell!” Tony almost shouted then looked around as he composed himself, visibly pulling his asshole cloak around him like a shield.
Steve cut off his babbling short, “Alright. Fine. Let’s find Tony first then he can explain his condition to me himself.”
"Begging suits you too. But I think I'll want more of it. There's no reward in ending the fun early, is there?"
At 6:30 am Steve walked into the apartment, clearly returning from an intense run. He was soaked with sweat and still breathing a little hard. Usually, he would be showered and dressed by now but Tony guessed today Steve felt like an extra-long run.
He tried to forget the extremely vivid memory of Steve carrying him to the limo. It had been nothing. It should mean nothing. It was such a simple act. Tony didn’t remember much before or after that. Only that he had been at the fundraiser.
"Oh fuck.." Tony muttered, watching wide eyed. His other hand went to the cock cage to press on it, claw at it, provide himself with some sort of relief that was not forthcoming.
Pepper fidgeted and smelled so strongly of distress that even her rich perfume couldn’t mask it completely. “Oh nothing really. He just felt a little crushed, he went out to get some air. Actually, you know what, I told him he didn’t need to come back. You know, all the press is dealt with, I can handle the rest now. So maybe he’ll go home. Nothing you need to worry about, you know how Tony is.”
Tony was about to launch into another story about another agent when Steve shoved the last of his sandwich into his mouth and stood up.
Tony hesitently turned left, his hands instinctually rising a little, but there was nothing there, yet. He took 2 steps, very self conscious of how big his steps were, then went down on all fours and started crawling.
Steve led Tony to his own little office, nothing more than a desk and a door that closed. Which was all he needed now. He felt Tony shiver under his hand and realized his grip was a little tighter than would be comfortable. As soon as he closed the door, he let go and to his mild surprise, Tony sank to his knees, shaking.
Tony wasn't sure what had woken him up. He felt completely rested. Steve was a tangled starfish next to him on the bed, radiating body heat. His eyes were closed and his lips were together, cheek slightly smushed on the pillow. His jawline was breathtaking from this angle, hair messy like Tony didn't get to see often. And his eyelashes in the moonlight looked impossibly long, making the Captain's whole face look boyish and young.
Steve didn't deserve this. He didn't deserve being stuck with Tony because Fury needed a sucker to stick Tony with.
Steve smiled a little, “Very cool when it happens in the right time.” Then he coughed, “But it’s unfair to describe him as a monster. ”
Dominating someone didn’t always have to involve sex, Steve knew. But Tony had this incredible effect on Steve, his brilliance, wild will, and vast confidence tamed under his willing submission… Not to mention Tony was exceptionally beautiful to look at, weather in a pair of track pants punching a sandbag, dolled up in a tux, or on his knees. When it was a Tony himself willingly bowing to Steve, without resentment or shame, Steve fell a little bit in love. He knew this would be problematic, but at this moment, it was easy to ignore what the future might bring.
“Yes, sir. I do have a recording of it. But may I remind you, it would be a terrible violation of personal rights and of privacy to view such records without any urgent reason to do so.”
“Alright. Alright.” He sat back and looked back out into the desert. It took a moment for his eyes to adjust to after looking at the glow Tony emitted. In such deep darkness, the arc reactor was almost too much.
"Well, you have a right to change your mind. It's ok. I will make sure Fury gives you the choice in the selection process in the first place."
“I.. I’m not sure..” Steve started, they hadn’t told Steve much. Pepper took over immediately, she reached for Tony’s hand.
Tony seemed to think about it for a moment, like he would open his mouth and answer but then he simply nodded.
Upon receiving the news of Tony’s amnesia, Coulson had given up on hounding Steve’s steps to get a report from Tony on the events in Syria. They had sat down with the director and debated if they needed to bench Tony. Steve had argued no more than a week was necessary for Tony’s recuperation. There was no way to tell when his memories would come back, but Tony was a fast learner. And isolating him certainly wouldn’t help Tony remember. Fury had agreed to let Steve bring Tony back after a week of orientation, but refused to let Tony use the Iron Man suit. Steve had pointed out they couldn’t stop Tony if he really wanted to use his own damn tech. A fight had ensued about unauthorized use of advanced weapons by underqualified personnel. Steve once again had pointed out no one was more qualified than Tony, and he wasn’t SHIELD personnel and that the suits weren’t mere weapons, they were a part of the genius.
"I can't Steve.." Tony tried, he locked his knees and forced his muscles to relax. There was nothing. And he was trying. It felt horrible, the pushing need to piss and being unable to.
And for most of the day Tony hadn’t seen him. Being alone in a world that was foreign to him had been hard. And forbidden to gather information about SHIELD, he had convinced himself he could act better if he knew more about himself. What he had done, what his place had been in among these people. Everyone had acted like he was a hero, some liked him, some didn’t and Tony felt frustrated never knowing why. So he’d reasoned, he could get a sneak peek at his own files at least. But he hadn’t known where to start.
"I want to know how you feel, in general. About this arrangement, about your punishment, about today." There was a pause. "Or about anything else you want to talk about. You can take your time. We've got all night."
Steve stood there with the edge of his vision going a little grey while Tony held out the papers to him. He didn't care about any papers, he didn't care who was in the room. Tony was saying.. He'd just said he had remembered. Everything.
“Nobody. Nobody told me anything because you told them not to.” Tony said, his voice full of accusation. But then he did walk around the desk and stiffly went to his knees next to Steve. Steve reflexively put a hand on his head.
At that Tony smiled at him and kept eating. Steve thought, so that’s what it feels like. And it was the best feeling in the whole world.
Tony stared after him, the dom had barely acknowledged his presence. He wondered how long Steve had really been running.  Then he eased himself into one of the chairs on the kitchen table and settled in to wait.
Tony pulled his shirt off rest of the way, slowly, thinking. Could he really go that low? Did he want to?
“Uh.. Yeah. All the more space for us to play in.” he answered. “I heard you’re here to work with gamma radiation? I’m afraid I’m not much help on that, I haven’t had the time to read up on the subject since the accident. If I ever knew anything about it..”
“He’s asleep. You must be tired then. I just made coffee. Would you like some?” Steve moved to the kitchen. He may not have liked the colonels presence in Tony’s home just then, but he would be civil.
"Mr Stark," the disembodied voice adressed him in a very polite and business like tone, "Welcome. I know this is a bit unusual and you are anxious to meet your dominant but this arrangement was requested by him as a prerequisite. If you don't mind, he wishes to ask you a few questions before the meeting and collaring."
He had sat in silence while they drove to their plane, and then all through the flight, close to Tony’s side while the medics had applied first aid. They hadn’t let Tony sleep until the plane had landed on American soil but when they had carried Tony to the room in the infirmary, Steve had asked to go see him and the nurse had told him for the time being only family members would be allowed and Mr. Stark was asleep anyway.  That was a good sign, Steve supposed. They never would have let Tony sleep if there had been a concussion or anything.
"Of course I won't. You're completely safe with me. All you have to do is trust me and do what I say. I won't even let you make contact with anything. In fact, I don't want you to navigate your way with your hands so I'll start a tally. Every time you touch anything or step outside the mats I laid out, you'll get 1 strike. So you'll need to keep your hands to yourself. Later, I might bind them, but for your first time, you'll have to control yourself."
"Oh I'm missing the point? How about you try to explain it to me then, I promise I'll try to listen very hard."
"I. You don't have to do this. I'll go to my room. This wasn't in the arrangement. You don't have to-"
“I don’t believe I wouldn’t want you. I maybe headstrong and spoilt and whatever, and I believe I may have given you shit. But I can’t believe I wouldn’t want you.” Tony squeezed Steve’s hand, “I remember you. Take it as proof that you made an impression on me. I don’t know if it’s because I hated you and wanted to sleep with you, or because I wanted to kneel for you and couldn’t talk myself into it, or what,” Steve’s eyes widened at the unashamed, brutal, raw honesty in Tony’s words,  but Tony kept going “but I do remember you Steve. I’m not a spiritual guy but it still must mean something. Of all the people, in my brain, neural connections with your name on it were the strongest. There must be a reason.”
“Then you’re mine.” He told the omega, “until then, you belong to me.” He said into the delectable ear just under his lips. The answering “Yes, Steve.” was subdued but content. Tony sounded quietly happy in his submission, and a feeling of bone deep satisfaction bloomed in the pit of Steve’s stomach, filling a hole he had not realized had been there before. He was so fucked for going along with this, but he also knew there was no stopping for him after this point, not until Tony pushed him away. As long as Tony wanted him, Steve would be his.
Either way, Tony was fine, he had been doing fine. He could just go to Fury and tell him that it all worked out, Steve did his job and know he'd learned his lesson. Steve wouldn't have to waste a day on him again.
Steve had met the Colonel before, on a few occasions. The man was very serious and down to earth. He had told Steve that he had grown up with the tales of Captain America and that it was an honor to meet Steve. Honestly, Steve couldn’t find fault with the guy, but still, the news of his arrival wasn’t a welcome one to his ears.
“Steve.” Now Tony looked like an angry cat, cornered. Steve slowly walked to him and Tony took a step back. The alpha sniffed the air, letting his lungs fill with the revived scent of Tony’s budding heat. It was delicious, mixed with anger and defiance. He could take Tony, and have him, subdue him, win over him.
He had been half keeping faith with Peggy until the night of the fundraiser. Of course Peggy had been an alpha and those kinds of relationships had never been approved of back then, so it was doomed before Steve had gone into ice. Yet she had her place in his heart, never to be filled up by anyone else. Despite that, Steve had a big heart. He had come to care for a lot of people since he woke up. Natasha, Clint, Coulson, Bruce, Thor, Pepper and of course Tony.
Tony followed him to the car in a daze, and the ride home was silent. Tony couldn't help but reflect on what Rogers had said. Worst case scenario versus best case scenario. It said a lot about Tony's past experiences that how much easier it was to think of what might go wrong, compared to thinking about what might go right. When it came to human interaction, Tony always tended to err on the side of 'people are assholes'. Honestly, Rogers wasn't. He was a sanctimonious prick at times, but he wasn't an asshole and he definitely wasn't a bully. Tony was sure the guy was amazing in bed too, wet dream of all the subs all over the world. Which didn't mean anything when it came to Tony because this was going to wreck any sort of professional relationship they had, or any friendship they might have built.
Tony had nothing to say to that, other than 'bullshit'. Which he kept to himself. The dom kept on talking anyway.
The next day Steve was there again, while they went to visit the SHEILD medical, informing the appointed doctor of Tony’s amnesia. Various tests were done but they didn’t reveal anything. To all outward appearance Tony looked fine. When the doctor suggested Tony visit the psychiatry department Tony looked at Steve with huge, pleading eyes.
"What the fuck did you do?" was the first thing that came out of the colonels mouth as he basically ran out of the elevator to stop inches from Steve's face.
Second point I want to make is that this is a BDSM and D/s fic. Which means in their relationship there will be a dominant and a submissive partner. Within the confines of Tony's safeword and limits Steve will FORCE Tony to do things. If you don't want to read a fic in which one partner says "Do it!" and the other says "No I don't wanna." And the answer is "You will do it because I say so." then maybe a D/s tagged fic is not what you are looking for. Also please note that I've already said 'within the confines of Tony's safeword and limits'.
He tried to beg worldlessly, with his body, with his breath, with every long shakey moan out of his mouth as Steve kept licking and sucking and pressing in relentlessly.
"Nah man, can't be worse than I was when I was collared." Barton said, but the chuckle that followed sounded a bit forced.
“It’s alright Tony. You trust Colonel Rhodes. I’m sure there’s no need to worry.” At that Tony seemed to relax a little and Steve felt a little embarrassed when he realized what had Tony so wound up was the tone of his voice. Tony didn’t need to hear anger from him right now. Steve wasn’t sure how the geniuses mind worked at the moment, this was a Tony Stark he had never seen before, but he should play it safe.
“Actually, not completely done yet. ” he grimaced a little, not really wanting to ask the next question but it could be something important. Pepper raised an impatient eyebrow.
Sure he knew very well what an omega in heat smelled like. Everyone's scent was slightly different. Not all of them as pleasant, but almost all of them arousing to an alpha and even to some betas. Steve still remembered the sour scent of the last heat of an omega man who was dying of cancer. It had been a sad situation. They had tied him down and sedated him. Or the heat of a pregnant lady, nothing more alluring than the healthy scent of a breeding omega. Also, nothing more dangerous as the same scent was prone to make her alpha violent. Then he remembered how dizzy Bucky’s first heat had made him. Almost made his knees buckle when his best friend had finally caught up to Steve in puberty. It had smelled like the sweetest scent, the first time of an already very dear omega.
Steve sounded so professional, it hurt. He didn't sound upset, he just sounded like he was trying to solve a problem. Help Tony.
The captain took his last bite and hummed. "I do not mind at all. But I want you to try cooking a steak tomorrow."
At that, Steve saw his own hand move, almost without his consent, it rose to Tony’s throat, wrapping around it, just under the other mans jaw, accepting the submission, taking it. He felt Tony’s adams apple bob when he swallowed, felt the tendons move under his palm, Tony’s skin warm under his fingers, he felt Tony’s pulse.
"I'm just telling god's honest truth Tony. I wasn't expecting much anyway, I know very well that you are very talented in other ways." He said in a teasing voice then picked up the fork and fed Tony a piece. Chewing through the soggy mess Tony thought maybe he didn't have room to be offended.
"You are so beautiful. I feel so lucky that I get to see you like this." Steve's words might have rung as sappy in another time, but he sounded dead serious and Tony was too comfortable to be offended. He opted out of bothering with a reply. He felt like it was not needed. There was no point in him voicing any stray thought.
Did he have a head wound? Or had blood poured out of his mouth? Caused by some internal damage? He needed to find out fast. He tried to concentrate. He was supposed to be a great strategist and he usually was but… A small voice kept chanting ‘your omega a is hurt and what are you doing?’ at him. Not. Steve’s. Omega.  Still even the rational part of his mind coun’t deny that if Steve could at least touch Tony he would feel calmer.
"Tell me how you feel." Steve ordered and Tony didn't even think about how he should answer, for once.
Steve got a suspicious look in his eye for a second but then, after giving a searching look at Tony, he tasted a bite. Tony watched while he chewed and swallowed. There was a pause.
"I'll start a tally then." he said easily as he tied the belt. Tony weakly struggled against the doms hold but it wasn't a real effort, it was mostly to test it. It held.
"This is at least better than that canned stuff." Steve said with an earnest smile before continuing to eat.
After so many hits he was sure his butt was a mess of bruises, he was crying, tears and snot covering the cushions and he didn't give a single fuck. Right as the hits were starting to blur into eachother Steve stopped.
Then he realized how Tony might take what he was saying, he wanted to offer some sort of reassurance but he couldn’t think of anything truthful to say without traumatising Tony further at this moment. He couldn’t tell Tony that it was okay, he didn’t mind being Tony’s alpha, because, there were just so many things wrong with that even if the sentiment was true. He couldn’t tell Tony they weren’t talking about the matter of Tony’s alpha at all but about a secret that was much harder to digest…
Steve wanted to wrap Tony in blankets and hide him away, or at least kiss away the sleepy, confused look Tony was wearing, damn the consequences. But he merely went to Tony, gently took hold of his elbow and led him to sit at table.
Suddenly Tony felt panic. Was he really going to do this? Someone was already telling him what to do, what to say... It was instantly suffocating, like he was free falling with air rushing past so fast that he couldn't catch a breath.
"You're either going to use your colors or take your punishment. Are you gonna use your colors Tony?"
"Wait.." He said into Tony's hair when the omega simply moved down to keep nuzzling at his jaw, "What.. what about your company, the document Stane drew up.. I don't.. I don't want to hide from anyone you're my omega. If we're going to do this.. Tony I need people to know.."
Ridiculously he felt like thanking Tony. He knew it was stupid and he wouldn’t say anything but tonight had felt nothing like any of the heats he’d spent with other omegas. Tony was nothing like the other omegas. He was strong, stubborn and smart. He had earned Steve’s respect in more ways than one and he had offered himself to Steve. Despite Tony’s words from before, he still felt a little like the runt from Brooklyn who was nowhere near worthy of an omega like Tony Stark. He was grateful.
He had handled most of the paperwork and was itching to go down to the gym. Having lunch with Tony would come as a nice break in between. He had even gone through the fan mail and sat aside a couple from Tony’s pile to show the genius. Nothing that revealed too much, but he thought Tony would appreciate seeing how much people valued his efforts as Iron Man.
He looked up at the mirror, into his own eyes. For a split second his eyes looked haunted, longing. Then he frowned, pulling the cocky cloak over himself.
"Tony!" was all Steve could say before Barton gently pushed him aside, Steve let Tony's wrists go and let himself be pushed.
Turning the thought in his head Tony held on for as long as he could. When the pressure in his bladder started to exceed the discomfort in his arms though, he decided to take his chances.
"Well, it is kind of important and I thought you let me keep the prototype model so maybe you wouldn't mind."
Alright. I think I'm done. I wrote it all out, just smoothing out the edges and fretting over it now. There'll be a bunch of cliffhangers but no more delays. Both positive feedback and constructive critisizm are welcome. I've never written something like this before so kindly suspend your disblief. Thank you for your patience.
Steve jumped out of the jet and started running. In his ear Clint was yelling at him to get back, that they could return for a recovery mission, better armed.
Steve needed to get a grip. Tony needed Steve to get a grip even if he couldn’t remember the reason right now.
After that Tony was silent, and Steve went back to his book. It was a while before Tony could concentrate on his prototype again.
"You did sign the consent forms. Did you sign them under duress?" the voice asked. Tony supposed it was his to-be dominant.
Tony fidgeted for a heart beat, looked up at Steve then he looked back down, not knowing where to start. Then as if he'd just remembered he still had the papers in his hand, he held them out to Steve.
"Calm down big guy. I was just out getting some things done. What the hell is the caveman act about?" He asked but took a step closer to Steve, obviously signaling that it was ok for the alpha to touch him.
"Are-" he coughed to clear his throat, "Are you really gonna make me watch.. Watch you jerk off?" he asked. He'd meant for it to come out a bit catty at least. He sounded completely wrecked.
“Shh.. It’s okay. It’s alright.” He told Tony and ran his fingers through the artfully tousled black hair. To his dismay, Tony sobbed into his shoulder. He wasn’t crying, it was more like a hiccup or a gasp, telling Steve that Tony was trying to catch his breath. Steve could feel his heart hammering where he held Tony close.
“I can’t do this Steve. I can’t.. I can’t pretend to be an alpha. I know being an omega doesn’t make me weak but.. I don’t really know who I am, and where I am half the time. I keep looking around for.. I don’t know what to do really… Why did you bring me back? I was good at the workshop. I can work from home. I don’t..”
No.. It would get worse. He wasn’t sure how long he had but he would bet that he didn’t have more than an hour at best. It was getting harder and harder to think.
It was Pepper who made the decision of not telling the doctors about the memory loss. At least for a while, until they broke the news of Tony’s secret to Tony himself. During his examination Tony had kept quiet, mostly because he had still been disoriented, more because of the memory loss rather than the hit to the head, so she was able to take Tony home when the 24 hours were up.
“Then don’t. I don’t wanna talk about it. You can go away now.” He made a shooing motion with his hands and turned to open the car door.
“I can’t remember how I met you.” He turned to Steve but Steve kept silent, giving him time to work through it himself.
"You always have a choice." Barton shook his head, as if disappointed. "I'm just saying at this point, what do you have to lose by giving it a try?"
Steve jumped to his feet once more when Pepper entered the lounge. She looked tired, her hair a little mussed and the fancy dress looking out of place on her considering how tired and annoyed she looked.
What was he supposed to cook? And how was he supposed to cook it? He forlornly flipped through the emtpy notebook in his hands, then decided if he wanted to come, he needed to earn a prize and to do that he needed to make Steve happy. Either case, instead of wasting time with the prototype, going through the cookboks seemed like a priority.
Tony wanted to be ashamed, humiliated. But pride rose in him, that Steve thought he was being good. It was patronizing, Tony wasn't a little kid. But Steve was happy with him and that somehow meant a lot more than it should.
Suddenly feeling drained and defeated Tony stood in the middle of the foyer, looking forlorn. Rogers threw his keys in a bowl, turned on the light, and came back to stand in front of Tony.
“What.. What are the repercussions? I mean what sort of damage can they do to Tony? Quitting the drugs out of their cycle? Or going cold turkey?”
“Sir, Captain Rogers is ready to leave. He’s waiting out on the parlor to say goodbye. He wanted me to add ‘only if he feels like it.’” There was a pause, then Jarvis went on, surprising Tony, “He sounds worried.”
There was a pause in which Tony defiantly pressed his lips together, then a second hit landed making him yell out.
Instinctively his nostrils flared, trying to catch some sort of scent of distress, illness or anything. But even the enhanced sense of smell the serum had given him was thwarted by the mixed scents of perfume, high quality food and alcohol in the crowded hall.
As he spoke, he pulled Tony into a loose hug, both of them sitting on the ground. Tony crumpled into himself, not exactly clinging onto Steve but clearly unwilling to let him go.
"Yes. I am.." Tony reached out to put a hand on the glass, and spurts of come hit the pane that seperated the hottest thing Tony had ever seen from him.
“It’s alright Steve.” He said with a small smile. “I’m good here.” Then he added, sincerely, “Thank you.”
So.. I've rescued my notes and written some more of this:) At least to a point in which if it dies on me again I won't leave the story hanging.
“What are you doing?” He asked, not really angry but making it clear that he wasn’t pleased with Tony either.
When the man was asleep, the force of his personality toned down, looking at him made Tony feel old, ugly, dirty and used up.
He didn’t know why exactly. He had never asked. But an hour in their company and anyone would know what they had was a true bond of friendship rather than the bond between an alpha and an omega. He had attempted to ask Tony if there had ever been anything between them, but Tony had deflected the question and changed the subject. Steve had seen no need to press the issue as it was none of his business.
During the debriefing, Coulson had been as through and efficient as usual. But unlike usual, he had let Steve get away with evasive answers when he asked about what Steve thought had happened at the border. Shock, Steve said. Head wound, disorientation. Not uncommon amongst the soldiers on the front lines. Then as team leader, he had recommended Coulson give Tony some down time. Coulson had agreed.
Tony was lying naked behind him with his eyes closed. Steve would guess he wasn’t asleep but he was calm. He couldn’t tell if the omega was listening to the conversation Steve was having right at the foot of the bed, on the phone, but Tony gave no indication of paying attention.
“Do you remember anyone else?” Pepper asked and as if on cue Jarvis started projecting pictures of various people onto the coffee table. First one was Colonel Rhodes. Tony shook his head.
He moved down to remove Tony’s shirt, he couldn’t properly get it off so he had to rip the neck line. He ran his hands over Tony’s neck, throat, then his chest. No blood here, but he could see bruises to one side of the arc reactor where the light was just enough. He pressed a hand to Tony’s stomach to see if he could feel any swelling, and when he glanced up to see if Tony reacted to any sort of pain caused by his touch, he found Tony’s eyes open, watching him.
Rogers hummed. "Maybe talk is putting it a bit loosely. But yes. We will go over how you feel, how I feel. I will deliver any punishment you may have earned. After that, if we have time left we can enjoy eachothers company."
Steve froze, letting Tony lap at his fingers. When he had planned their quiet lunch he hadn’t thought Tony would so openly do something this suggestive. He felt himself harden but luckily Tony’s eyes were closed as he kept sucking on Steve’s fingers even after all the chocolate was gone.
"You can survive this." He told himself as he put down the notebook and got up. "You survived shrapnel in your heart, you survived torture, you survived a nuclear bomb.. You can survive this." he kept telling himself as he made his way to the kitchen.
"Nothing, unless you ask me to. Now stay. You will not move until I say you can. I want you to keep holding the pennies. If you can hold them all, I'll let you come tonight. But. For every penny you drop I'll keep you caged for one more day. Drop four pennies, you'll be forbidden to come four days, seven pennies, seven days. Drop them all you won't come for ten days. Got it?"
“What he is saying is that I’m damaged goods now.” Tony didn’t sound offended or angry. He sounded matter of fact.
He was holding a huge glass of water out to Tony and the sub  was kind of thirsty after the spicy meal so he did take a drink.
That was a little disappointing. He vaguely remembered Steve taking off his clothes and dressing him in his comfy sweatpants. Oh. He also remembered Steve carrying him into the bedroom. Tony flushed.
When he let go he pushed his nose behind Tony's ear to breathe in a lungful and said "I can't wait to fuck you again."
Steve hummed. His other hand was now traveling over his chest. His eyes cracked open to look down on where Tony was kneeling.
Then the medics were swarming around the car, with two stretchers. Sighing in relief, Steve got out to talk to Coulson.
And the shape Steve tied him in was comfortable, allowed Tony's to relax and be held in position by the rope. Steve's hand was sure on his limbs and skin, moving and smoothing, calming, and demanding.
Steve looked at him very carefully then, his eyebrows knitted for a moment, lips pursed. But then his expression smoothed out.
"Nothing you need to concern yourself with right now Tony. Either way, there's nothing to be done right now."
He felt himself flush and when Tony’s eyes lazily opened to look up at him, with superhuman effort Steve pulled his fingers back, embarrassed and undeniably aroused.
Then the dominants hand landed on top of his head and carded through his hair. It was a big but gentle hand, and the feeling in the pit of Tony's stomach burst into a full blown yearning. Some instinct screamed at him that yes! This was right! Just give in! See how good it feels?
Then Steve started to place a penny under each finger, making Tony hold the pennies against the wall by each finger.
“We can’t take him to a doctor for this Steve. Don’t worry about. This is not Tony’s first time.” But she sounded tired rather then terse.
Steve was lightning quick. He grabbed Tony’s arms and pressed him to the wall, extending the effort to restrain himself from doing more.
"I'll take it this time, less attitude next time." Steve said. Fuck, but the guy wasn't going to let Tony get away with anything.
“But you don’t remember making them Tony.” Steve answered without even looking up from the out of date magazine on motorcycles that he was flipping through. Even watching Tony work with childish excitement got boring after several days of it. Especially since he had long lost track of what Tony was talking about as Tony had caught up very fast to his own technology. The memory loss hadn’t even touched the capabilities of his genius.
"What??" Tony's jaw was hanging in shock. He knew he hadn't done such a great job, ok, but he'd never expected Steve to be so rude.
Tony kept looking at him warily but eventually he slowly sat down on the couch. Barton also nodded and sat down on the plush, dark leather armchair.
He suspected Fury's sole motivation in sending Barton wasn't just to deliver his clothes. When he returned to the living room, both men were seated in front of the fire place, Barton leaning back with his arms and legs spread, eyes roving over every bit of the apartment. Clearly this was his first time in here and he was interested, but Tony didn't buy that he was comfortable even for a second.
“You know the rest.” Pepper finished. “But the document he drew up is still in force, if obsolete now. Tony would have to bring it to the board of directors once more to declare it null. He doesn’t want to obviously. He doesn’t want anyone to learn about the existence of such a document as you now know he is in fact an omega.”
“A little dizzy. Completely horrified.” Tony told him honestly. “I’m sure it’ll pass. I’ll be fine. Apparently I always pull through.”
There was a crackle in the line, then silence. Just as Tony thought the dom might walk into the room the voice came back on.
“Captain, for whatever it’s worth, I think you should start telling him.. things. It seems to work.” He smiled. “And don’t worry. Your secret is safe with me Mr Stark.” Coulson left as easily as he’d walked in, Tony’s shoulders sagged as he sat down next to Steve. Steve wondered for how long Tony’s secret would be safe with Coulson. He trusted the man to keep a secret but he also trusted that Coulson would do what he thought would be best on the long run.
At this point Tony was ready to say yes just to see who it was behind the mirror. But that would be a complete dick move. The dom said he trusted Tony. So if he was going to agree to this he might as well agree to it with the intention of making it work. That started with not pissing on that trust.
Tony suddenly remembered that the Ironman suit was actually all the way over at the Stark Tower and he wasn't wearing his wrist bands.
A few minutes later the ding of the elevator made him frown. His eyes snapped open only to the image of Phil Coulson casually striding out of it and into the lounge with neat dossiers in his hand.
Steve told Tony about SHIELD. How they operated and how it all tied into the Iron Man. He skipped the most gruesome parts of the Afghanistan story. Not that he knew much more than what was on the reports. First Tony was scandalized, learning that he was tortured, held prisoner in a cave. Then he put on his brave face, Steve could tell. Tony had asked so shall Tony would get answers.  Then came the much more fairy tailish part about New Mexico, which the omega didn’t believe at first.
Tony felt the captain's hardness pressing into the ache of his butt and moaned, the greasy half washed pan completely forgotten now.
Tony closed his eyes for a moment and breathed from his nose. Cap was seriously planning to sit there and draw him? He'd earned his orgasm damn it.
“Captain, Colonel James Rhodes is in the building. He’s in the elevator. He’ll be here in a moment. Would you like me to wake up Mr Stark?”
Steve had only seconds to make a decision. Either he would get out and go sit in his home, stewing in the knowledge that Tony was trying to struggle through his own heat alone, which was clearly building again. Or he could put them both out of their misery, hold Tony down and fuck him, for as long as they both liked, until Tony’s heat was over, they were both sated in a bone deep level and there were no more misunderstandings left between them.
“I remember… impressions. Pieces..” Tony said, his voice too low almost to be heard, muffled against Steve’s neck but still quick. “You told me it was a one way trip.”
Steve worked methodically, checking circulation, tightness, the knots, as he went along. He very efficiently tied Tony's wrists to his ankles with Tony's face on the bed, leaving his ass raised high for the pleasure of his dom. It felt a little humiliating, and not just the position.  The way Steve worked at his craft felt like Tony was a very precious piece of material that Steve was working into a statue. No will of his own, no need to ask his opinion. He was only there to be shaped.
“Uh.. And the last member of the initiative is,” he started but Tony completed his sentence, looking at the papers,
Steve frowned as he watched Pepper try to cover Tony’s trouble and lead him away from the people who tried to shake his hand.  Something was wrong with Tony and it was scaring Pepper badly. She was trying hard to hide it but Steve could tell because by now he knew them both very well.
“Alright.” Tony said. “I have no idea what sort of seizure you’re having but infirmary is on the 5th floor.” Then the doors dinged open and Tony left the elevator.
"Please" he tried to say, he'd been waiting for his orgasm for so long. After the couple of days he'd spent in Steve's home, it felt like it'd been years since he'd last come.
Yeah, not much of a shocker right? But I still felt like dragging this out for one more chapter. Had to see how they would react to Tony going missing. Thanks for putting up with me ^^
“Oh dear. Aren’t you even more handsome than the photos! Isn’t he James? Just look at him!” She didn’t even look at the previously mentioned James, supposedly her husband, and leaned in toward Steve’s armpit as her short and wide stature didn’t allow her to come any closer to his face. Then stage whispered, to Steve’s mortification, “I always had a thing for alphas in uniforms you know. And I just bet there is no finer specimen than you Captain. What I wouldn’t give to be young!” Then she laughed and Steve forced out a smile, making up his mind. Anything would be better than standing around here, in the middle of gawking rich people who thought it was alright to treat him as a showpiece.
"Where are my other stuff? And what do you mean naked?" Tony started, but Rogers interrupted him again.
"Consider this a reward for how well you did yesterday. I won't let you sleep in every day and I won't be cooking breakfast."  The Cap said smiling.
He didn’t worry about the Banner guy though, even if most of the department had fled the area. Steve had told him he had nothing to worry about so it’d be fine. Instead he was concentrating on taking measurements on the resistance of the nano-fiber material they had been working on for the past week.
The dom chuckled at that, which turned into a moan. Tony strained to see the details through the wet glass, was Steve rubbing a thumb over his slit on every up stroke? How tight did he enjoy it? He could tell Steve must enjoy himself slow though, at least at first. The captain was working himself up and down, his balls following the movement along with Tony's eyes.
Steve shook his head and sighed, exasparated. He should have been kinder probably but he was running out of patience. “Happy, don’t be ridiculous. I just want to help Tony alright? Pepper is freaking out inside and she won’t tell me what the hell is going on. And now you want to fight me?? What is wrong with Tony, tell me now and we can look for him together. ”
Tony’s bedroom door was shut but unlocked, just as Steve had left it before going to bed. Steve could detect the familiar scent even before opening the door but when he did he was still surprised with the intensity of the sweet and heavy air in the room. He instantly knew Tony had gone into heat.
Alright, I wanna start by apologizing. If you've read this a while ago, sorry for not updating in so long:( And if you've read this recently, I'm sorry that I won't be updating for a while yet.
He tiptoed through, creating funny little prints on the floor, and stopped when he spotted a penny tucked up next to a cabinet. He leaned down to pick it up.
“Wha..?” the genius jerked half awake and grabbed Steve all the more firmly to avoid falling off the couch.
“Fine. He’s doing fine.” Steve said, “Except, it’s been almost two weeks now and he doesn’t seem to be remembering anything.”
"What the hell was that all about last night!? You tricked me you over grown GI Joe! I never sign up for this crap! I'm not gonna play head games with you!"
On the other hand, there was the fact that Steve Rogers was a dreamboat. Tony had had the occasional fantasy where he imagined the Captain giving different kind of orders in that commanding tone, with that intense look.  But it was more erotic curiosity than any real attraction. Rogers definitely was the top dog. Not to mention he could snap Tony like a twig if he wanted. The thought was scary but still made a thrill run down Tony's spine. Apparently he also had amazing control over all that strength. After kneeling for him and being petted like a dog, Tony's hind brain was already rolling on to it's back and showing it's belly to the strongest dominant he'd ever met.
Steve just looked at him, this time repressed anger clear behind the cold eyes. "I might not be a genius like you Tony, but I am far from the dumb blond people assume I am. I'd thought you knew at least that much. Give me some credit, I can at least make decisions for myself."
"After.. After the memory loss.." Steve half asked through a dry throat. Tony might be sore but the serum in Steve's veins was something else.
“Show me what?” Steve asked but before he could finish a blue screen appeared in the middle of the room and text started scrolling through it. Steve walked up to it to take a closer look.
He sat on the bed and pulled the tablet that was sitting on the bedside cabinet onto his lap. He started to tap away at it, hacking into his own database.
"Look, I just need to go to the bathroom for a minute, then I'll be back. You made me drop the pennies too, which I was holding perfectly fine. It's not fair."
"Now I'm the ass for wanting to be kept in the loop." Tony grumbled as Barton opened the door to leave. "You're not gonna tell me what TRH reports are about are you?"
“I’ll have e-mailed you the file by this evening.” Coulson said and after thanking him once more, Steve left.
"Please! Please let me suck your cock!" He was unaware how he was shuffling forward on his knees, "I'd make it so good. I promise Steve, you'd love it. I can make it feel amazing, you can fuck my throat if you like, as hard as you want, I won't complain.. "
"As you wish." Steve said, and Tony tried to breathe as cold water crept up. His lungs siezed for a moment when the cold hit his balls and breath wooshed out of him in a yelp when the entirity of his genitals were cradled in cold water.
“Doesn’t mean I want to rape you.” Steve said, frustrated. He had his back turned to the genius so he didn’t know how Tony took it, but he decided it was either argue about the subject or try to keep going with the lunch break he had planned. Now that the food was gone, he went to grab the fanmail from the cabinet.
“Thank you.” He said and sipped it. He didn’t get the chance to have a taste of Tony’s fine collection so he savored it. Not that he usually liked to drink, but in this case, it helped, even if only psychologically.
Steve’s eyes widened in surprise. Tony sounded just so disappointed. This was bad. Really, worse than what Steve had first thought all through the car ride.
Tony bit back a curse, frustration was rising in his throat along with the word 'red'. His arms and back were aching, his bladder was screaming and he'd just lost the chance to enjoy some sexy times with Captain America tonight.
“No Tony.” He said. “This is your decision, if you want to come out to SHIELD or not, but I think you’d do better to make this decision when your memories have returned. It can’t be too long now anyway.”
Tony nodded, his gazed fixed on the coffee table, like he was living and reliving the memory of delivering the nuke to the chitauri.
“Yes. I’ve been meaning to ask you.  I understand Dr Banner triggered some sort of panic attack? How much of the memories do you think you’ve recovered?”
At least he had lost his tail, no tracks meant no following teams. He opened an unlocked door and hid to regroup and strategize.
Tony yanked his head out from under Steve's hand this time, feeling insulted. He sat up a couple feet away from the dom.
Now as he knelt on the floor with his head on Steve’s lap he wondered if he’d had any other alphas before? He couldn’t imagine kneeling for anyone else other than Steve but now that he was kneeling here, he also couldn’t imagine going through life without experiencing this relief and bliss.
"Yeah. I was gonna say. 5 minutes." Rhodey said then discreetly checked himself out in the mirror. Then turned to Tony and held out his arm. "Ready?" He asked.
"You have 5 minutes to clean up." Steve said when he finished wiping his hands and put the crumpled napkin into one of the boxes. And then he leaned back in his seat, looking at Tony expectantly.
They'd said their "I do"s and Tony had been kissed and hugged and got congratulated by everyone he cared about. There was no point in lingering when he could take all that home to play with.
“Sure Cap. Ladies, gentlemen.” He bowed in a flashy gesture of goodbye to the agents and walked to Steve’s side.
“He didn’t like to talk about it with me because even if he had to tell me when he’d go into heat so I could cover for him, he knew every time the subject of drugs came up I’d try to make him stop taking them. He couldn’t exactly go behind my back but.. And I didn’t think.. I didn’t think of reminding Tony of them. After the accident.”
The colonel didn’t sound annoyed exactly, but Steve still caught the tiniest amount of distaste in his tone.
Steve shook his head and took the papers from Tony before he could flip through them and come across an image of the Hulk.
Although there wasn't much fun happening was there? No other dom had tied him, teased him and made him wait like this before. They were all usually pretty impatient to get their hands on Tony.  Especially after he'd been a good boy!
They had managed to pass the ride in silence, since the amount of noise the ghost jets of SHIELD produced made it mostly impossible to converse. Steve didn’t know if it was a blessing that their first time alone together was in a situation that made it almost impossible to have long conversations.
When Steve was fully clothed, he allowed Tony to put on clothes too. By the time Tony was done getting dressed wearing a borrowed pair of sweatpants and a t-shirt, Steve was already back with a notebook and a pen in his hands. He put them down on the table.
“Did the doctors say anything? They wouldn’t tell me anything Pepper, did they tell you about this?” Steve turned to Pepper, immediately in business mode. Assessing the situation and planning what to do next was better than fretting. So he concentrated on that instead of the worry blooming in the pit of his stomach.
Oh and tiny note, I can't remember the name of the fic in which Tony sucks off a very dom Steve in his service uniform! Yeah, I had that piping hot piece of fanfic magic in my mind when I wrote the last part. If anyone remembers the name, I'd love to add a link to it in here too.
Steve interjected with a tight “What do you want?”, ignoring the agents remarks about Tony. If Coulson wasn’t aware of what sort of leverage this information gave SHIELD over Tony, Steve sure wasn’t going to be the one to tell him. First thing he needed to find out was if Coulson knew about the reason for Tony’s pretence.
He was so hard and he could feel Tony’s cock straining through the layers, he pulled the omegas hips closer to ground down on the feeling and Tony moaned so expensively that Steve knew that sound would be the one thing he would strive to hear more of every day of his life.
All the while he drove to the Stark tower he worried about leaving Tony alone with Pepper. He wasn’t worried about Pepper, but he was worried how Tony would take being left with her. He made a pit stop on his way and picked up pizza. Tony always loved pizza. They would eat, talk, he would tell Tony about his situation, about how he needed to keep his omega status a secret, and how he was part of a group called the Avengers now. About the arc reactor if Tony freaked out about it. But generally about why he needed to act like an alpha, at least until he was healed enough to make an informed decision to come out. Then Steve would take Tony back to the doctors himself, tell them about the memory loss, stay with Tony as long as he needed. They had already cleared Tony so Steve thought they could afford to keep the memory loss a secret for a little while.
“Please sit down.” Pepper told him, sounding exhausted. It was the ninth time they were having this exact same conversation. “There is nothing you can do. He clearly went out of his own volition. He will come back. How stupid will you feel if he just went out to pick up donuts?”
Tony felt the movement of Steve's arm as the dom put the book down. It was on economic progress in Japan after the second world war, Tony noted.
“Wait a moment. You’re an omega, Happy is an omega and as people closest to him, I can understand why he would tell you. But Colonel Rhodes is an alpha.”
He barely noticed Steve pulling away the bottle but he did feel Steve's hand roving over his back and ribs, petting him. He was still talking, telling Tony how good he was to let go for Steve, but Tony didn't even try to untangle individual sentences, he just let it all wash over him.
Tony thumped his head on the bed. Then thumped his head several times more until Steve put a hand on his cheek to make him stop.
"Tony, that's enough." Steve sighed behind him, while Barton tried hard not to laugh. He had black bags draped over one arm and a suitcase was sitting next to his feet.
“You came back through the portal right as Natasha closed it. You were unresponsive but Banner caught you in the air.” Steve smiled a little. “Then you woke up and asked for shawarma.” He hugged Tony a little tighter, his hand dropping from the omegas throat. “You were fine. You are fine.”
To Tony's massive disappointment, Steve didn't give him a show in the shower this time. But he made Tony shower first and put the cock ring back on him.
“Pepper already told you he didn’t. It’s not like you weren’t expecting this.” Steve said a little angrily. He hated seeing Tony embarrassed over something he couldn’t control.
"You did so good Tony. Stepped out of the mat once and grabbed the chain that one time, but that was your first time and you managed it so well. By the end you were following every direction flawlessly. I'm really happy with you. I'll let you choose a reward for this. How would you like that?"
Steve's fingers dug into Tony's shoulders, creasing the smart jacket he was wearing and probably leaving bruises but Tony didn't mind one bit.
Steve was reading the newspaper (printed on actual paper) and drinking orange juice. When Tony walked in he smiled his genuine best. Tony had no idea what time it was but Steve looked showered and tidy, very put together.
It had ended with Fury leaving the room saying “Since you seem to have suddenly turned into an expert on the subject of Tony Stark, from now on you’re responsible for his every damn move Captain. You’re on babysitting duty until Stark remembers who he is. Now get the hell out of my building.”
Steve huffed out a laugh and Tony rolled off of him to lay in the crook of Steve's arm. When Steve placed a kiss to his hair Tony felt his heart swell. Just this peace and comfort was worth everything in the world. Finally it was quiet in his head. He felt like he could deal with anything.
Steve hit a special ops solider right in the face and grabbed his weapon as he dived for cover, then turned to look back at the jet. Clint’s time was getting shorter. Soon there would be no airspace for them to sneak through,  so he gave his orders, “Ride out Hawkeye. Right now. That’s an order. I’ll meet you at the Turkish border.”
“Sir. I apologize for disturbing you but maybe it would be a good idea to have a sweet, warm drink? If you would get out of the car, I heated some water for you.”
He hadn't realized he'd went soft when Steve picked up the pen and paper but now he was starting to get hard again. As soon as the thought entered his head, how he was getting hard just because he was feeling so objectified, his cock twitched.
Tony was furious. He marched right into Steve's room only to find it empty. Of course Captain early bird was already up and about no matter that it was barely 6:30am. Tony stomped into the living room, ready to find Steve and tear him a new one but the dom was just calmly sitting in a chair in the kitchen sipping orange juice with a paper newspaper spread on the table.
“You were a bit.” Pepper winced at him, then pressed a chaste kiss to his cheek to take the sting off her words.
But after a while, he had no idea how long, could have been minutes, could have been hours, or mere seconds, Steve was back, to gently hold his wrists to pull his hands away from the wall, not even bothering to catch the pennies as they fell every which way. He helped Tony straighten his back and stand up, get his legs moving again, to support the subs weight.
Steve shrugged then reached for the drink the bartender was setting down in front of them. He took a sip of the bourbon before he said, "I like him. I don't like him threatening my omega but I understand his reasons. More importantly, have you seen his date?"
“You’re right. I was being an asshole. Pepper was right.” He said, this time sounding contrite. Steve’s heart went to him. Considering the situation Tony had found himself in, he was actually doing remarkably well. If Tony was his omega, Steve would have cradled Tony to his chest and kissed his hair, would have told Tony that it was alright, he was forgiven.
"I do as a matter of fact. I understand you're upset with your punishment but I can't let you have a fit. So you can just kneel on the bathmat and wait for me to be done while you think about why you were punished and how you could avoid more punishments in the future."
Coulson was making sense, Steve knew. But Coulson didn’t know what Tony might lose if the information got out.
Tony had a small smile on his face, he followed Steve calmly, never taking his eyes off of the alpha. Nothing too weird but still unusual.
"I think you were justified in your question but I thought we were clear on the matter of attitude and obeying orders. I owed you 2 hits for using your hands in the gym this morning so I'll just add to your tally."
Steve nodded tensely, but a fragment of worry still niggled at him. Coulson was like a dog with a bone. A very smart dog, with all sorts of resources under his command. He’d have to be more careful around the agent.
But, also like a puppy, Tony realized at that moment, Steve also trusted Tony.  Steve trusted him to respect Steve, respect his judgment, trusted him to be honest and open, trusted him to care.
It felt stunning to hear himself say the words. He'd never even allowed himself to think it but deep down he'd been carrying the guilt and the shame. It'd never gone away.
“I think I need.. I mean I know you’re not interested in me that way. But if you could.. Sometimes I feel like I’m free falling with nothing to hold on to. And when I look around, all I see is.. ” Tony paused a moment then ran his hand over his face, visibly trying to pull himself together. Steve could see the frustration in his eyes, he thought Tony wouldn’t finish the sentence but then Tony did, “is you. All I see is you, alright? One solid thing that I can hang on to, to stop the feeling of free falling, never knowing what is going on, where I am, but I know you. And then I remember you’re not really my alpha, you don’t have any obligation to hold my hand through the day, and then some asshole yells at me and I do what? Weep like a poor little omega who is lost without any-” words poured out of Tony in a mix of anger and resentment. Steve could tell all of the negative emotions were directed at himself and he hated seeing that. He interrupted Tony. Now he could see what the problem was.
When the doors closed his knees had buckled. All he’d wanted to do was curl up in a ball and ignore this strange place and people. Ignore his failures. He hadn’t wanted to turn and see how pissed Steve was at him. He couldn’t have handled Steve’s anger too, just then.
“What the..” Steve wanted to ask. He wanted to articulate all the questions floating around in his head but now that the danger was over, he was once more assaulted by the heat scent which was clearly pouring off of Tony.
"What Tony!? What more do you want from me!?" Steve stopped pacing to face him. "If you think I am going to force myself on you, you are wrong. I am hurt but I'll live. You can relax and stop feeling guilty about it!"
“I see your point Captain. I haven’t had a chance to talk to Mr Stark much since his very brief debriefing. How is he doing?”
Steve pulled Tony up into a sitting position, which wasn't hard to do, since Tony was all loose limbs at this point. The dom hugged him to his chest, careful to keep Tony's weight on the subs thighs instead of his abused butt.
"Your volunteer dominant will be with you in a moment Mr Stark." She said in a voice that communicated clear disapproval.
Tony pulled out his phone and made a dismissive "mmhmm" sound, his eyes glued to his phone. The door closed behind the agent.
"Kneel." Tony blinked at him, opening his mouth to retort but Rogers only raised his voice without yelling. "I said /kneel/ Tony!"
“Tired. But I’m not sleepy anymore. My head aches.” Tony said, again, in an almost normal tone. Steve realized what made it different was the lack of sarcasm, the trade mark sass.
Unofficially, Steve realized he did see Tony as his own omega, in a non-definitive way.  And combined with the fact that he cared about Tony as a person… He decided he needed to talk to Tony. Get him alone, talk to him about his situation. Help, if he could.
Before he can either start crying or puking or whatever else incredibly embarrasing, Steve pressed him into his chest, put an arm under his knees and stood up, lifting Tony along with him.
Tony shivered. He could practically feel the doms lips hovering above the crook of his neck, making all the hairs prickle. Steve's tone was deep and teasing, yet his words made his butt ache with the reminder from the previous nights spanking. He froze with the pan half in soapy water.
"What do you mean? What are these?" Steve looked down. They were documents concerning Stark Industries but Steve's mind was too preoccupied with Tony's half finished sentences to process what that meant.
“No I didn’t. You’re lucky to have him as a friend. He’s an amazing guy.” Steve said neutrally. “Unfortunately, a short while after I learned, Tony got hit in Syria. He doesn’t remember you now.”
“No. Not bad. He is your friend.” He said, then added because for some reason it was important to Steve, “He is an alpha.”
"Ok! Alright! Nevermind! Forget I asked!" He tried to scramble behind the machine but Steve was there the next second, grabbing Tony around the waist to pick him up in a firemans carry.
When Steve spoke, his voice was right behind Tony's ear, startling him. The clutter of two pennies on the floor were defeaning.
“I’d know. It wasn’t anything like that. You’ve never.. shown any interest in him. Other than professional.” Then she paused for a moment, a small smile appearing on the corner of her mouth.
Tony wanted to kiss him then. Wrap himself in those strong arms and forget about the business of pretending to be an alpha. It must have been doubly hard for his pre-amnesia self to pretend around Steve. Tony thought he must have been in love with the guy. There was no way he couldn’t have been.
“Yeah, I got that part. But that doesn’t explain why the whole R&D department is shitting their collective pants right now, just because the guy is coming down for a visit.”
“Isn’t it kind of important Tony? If this is your first time.. Shouldn’t we try to.. I don’t know..” make it special- sounded corny but it was what Steve had in mind. He just didn’t want Tony to mock him for it, this was serious.
“Everyone keeps saying that. Why does everyone keep saying I hated Steve? Look, you seem like a nice guy and all but butt out. He’s been nothing but supportive for as long as I can remember. Granted, it’s not a long time, but he’s been there for me when he didn’t have to be. He’s been patient with me and yes, I remember him. Not everything, but all I remember about him is positive. If we hated eachother as much as everyone seems to think, all I can say is that I must have been pretty dumb back then to not realize what a great guy he is.”
Only problem was that huge glass of water was starting to make itself felt again. Tony shuffled his feet a bit.
And drink it, on his expensive leather couch, watch TV maybe, unbeaten, unbroken, unowned. Without a team, without much purpose. Without satisfaction. Not really belonging anywhere, anything or anyone.
Several hours later, Tony was sucking on a slight burn on his finger as he contemplated if he wanted to call Rhodey. The circuitry he had been working on had been simple. All calculations done, just some delicate wiring required and usually it relaxed Tony. Working with his hands, repetitive motions soothing and keeping his mind busy enough that it didn’t wander away, but not busy enough that he had to concentrate very hard. It gave him the perfect opportunity when he needed to think.
He couldn’t get Tony under hot water to warm him, the shock would be too much. What he needed to do was dry Tony and keep him warm under the bed covers.
"I'll take the bottle." he said, sounding defeated even to his own ears. In the next moment Steve was next to him, carding his fingers through Tony's hair where his head was hanging between his shoulders.
Steve was looking at Tony with almost fear in his eyes. Tony realised he wasn't doing a good job, putting his emotions into words.
Also! I've finally seen Winter Soldier! Badass Steve is always so yummy to me. He was SUCH an alpha in this film. More so than the other ones, in my opinion. *drools a bit*
Steve stood there waiting tensely for the few minutes it took Tony to appear, when he did, his hair was mussed from sleep, gray pajama bottoms that Steve had put on him the previous evening riding distractingly low on his hips. He was rubbing his eyes and dragging his bare feet as he walked in and made a bee line to where Steve was standing. For a moment Steve thought Tony would kneel again, or hug him, or do something that would scandalize the colonel but Tony spotted the man and stopped. His hand dropped from his face and he looked between the colonel and Steve for a moment.
“Not to sound rude Captain, but what are you doing here? I think you’ll understand my surprise at finding you making coffee at 8:30 in Tony’s kitchen.”
His eyes were closed in shame but he could feel Steve's burning into his skin. Without looking he felt Steve move, the bottle changing hands as the hand left his cock only to reappear on his lower stomach. Steve must be standing behind him now, one hand holding the bottle, the other splayed over Tony's bladder. Then the hand started to gently press down, at the same time Steve's voice breathed in his ear.
“Stane was of course much more surprised than anyone else when Tony returned from MIT as an established alpha.”
But Tony’s mouth was so hot, and his tongue soft on the tips of his fingers. The genius had always had a clever mouth on him, it was almost impossible not to imagine what else he could do with it.
"Since when are you this shy Tony? I remember you mooning a group of delegates in a particularly well documented fundraiser. Never mind the paparazzi, those people were so old I'm sure some of them had minor heart attacks."
When the Captain pulled back and stopped touching Tony in order the set aside the bottle Tony felt cold and tired. Suddenly his arms were on fire, every joint in each finger ached, the pennies seemed to weigh a ton each. His back was aching from the position, knees locked too long in place.
"So can we assume that your relationship with Ms Pepper Potts was a public lie? Or did she even know you were an omega? How did she react?"
"You are not allowed to close the door, but if you're in here, I'll assume you want some time to yourself and if I don't need you, I'll allow it." Rogers said, glancing inside without stepping in.
Tony slowed until he could stop without getting dizzy, then he stepped off. He was breathing hard, and feeling warm indeed. He was fit but a 20 minute run would leave any man of his age breathless.
Not right now though. Right now Tony was falling asleep in his arms and Steve inhaled deeply, trying to burn the memory of Tony’s scent into his mind.
Happy froze for a moment, looking like he didn’t know what to do when the command was issued by an alpha that even his boss listened to. Occasionally. Then pulled himself up to his full height, which fell only a an inch or so short of Steve’s, and squared his shoulders like he was revving for a fight. After all he had never been a coward and Steve knew how loyal he was to Tony.
Then Banner started to tell him some insane story about Norse gods, alien armies and superheros. But he told Tony mostly about Iron Man.
Steve considered for a moment if he wanted to insist, but he really didn’t know if it was just Tony, or something else.
He wouldn't admit it to himself but Tony kind of tiptoed towards the hallway where Steve had disappeared to. He found his dom in the doms bedroom, sitting at the edge of his very precisely made bed, shoulders a little slumped.
In the end Tony had told the alpha to make free use of the guest room, Steve had accepted saying that he would have to leave early in the morning but Tony could stay at home if he liked. They had a little argument over which one of them should deal with Coulson, Tony arguing that it was his own personal business and Steve arguing that Tony wasn’t really informed enough to deal with the situation. The argument had ended abruptly when Steve had pressed Tony’s wrists to the bed and bit him lightly on the exact spot that his neck met his shoulder, effectively silencing the omega and giving Tony desperate hope for more. But the captain had left him hard and aching, fleeing to his own separate room.
"I'm born ready baby. Why don't you try and see?" Tony cocked a hip and pinched his nipple. Steve's frown only deepened.
Few days after that passed uneventfully. Steve always had Tony come to his office for lunch, Tony never tried anything like that first day and Steve was grateful for it. After their awkward conversation at Steve’s office Tony had visited him in the gym, but Steve had gotten the feeling that Tony had done it not because he’d needed Steve but more because he wanted everything to be okay between them. So Steve hadn’t brought up the subject again and they’d both acted like nothing had happened. If Tony felt embarrassed or humiliated by Steve’s rejection, he never showed any sign of it to Steve after Steve had had to leave his own office.
Steve sighed. Maybe he should have gotten Tony to read the reports that Coulson was compiling a little earlier. Or maybe it’d do Tony some good to meet Bruce before reading about the Hulk. The first time they’d met, Tony sure hadn’t been afraid of the quiet scientist. Steve wasn’t worried about how Tony would judge Bruce. But meeting a friend was more likely to jarr his memory than reading on paper what his team had been like. He had decided to give Tony more information on the Avengers anyway, Bruce Banner in his all calm, zen presence was a good start as any.
Then he frowned. Where had that come from? And why green of all things? He shook his head to get rid of the meaningless phrase. When he collected his thoughts again, Banner was looking around a little nervously.
"Cap, you mind giving us a second alone? Then if he wants Stark can still use his safeword, alright? Right."
"Your watch and sunglasses too." The voice instructed. Tony huffed and did as he was told, making a small pile, that was worth millions, on the glass table.
Rogers sat up then and reached for Tony's collar, where he was standing between the doms spread legs. Tony flinched and the dominants hands stopped.
“That’s why everyone’s running out of here like the buildings on fire? I don’t see how bad this guy can be?”
A loud, plastic squeak interrupted the moans suddenly and the whole thing came screeching to a halt.
Now that Tony thought about it, it was amazing that Steve thought Tony had anything in him to give other than a good fuck. That was only because Steve was young and naive. Didn't know used up subs like Tony were just broken and were only good for one thing.
Tony clawed at Steve’s back at the sensation, Steve didn’t mind but he grabbed Tony’s arms and pressed them into the covers next to Tony’s head. The omega was moaning right next to his ear and Steve couldn’t have stopped now, even if he’d wanted to. He kept pushing, slowly but surely until he felt his balls touch Tony’s skin.
The truth was Tony had been unsure if Steve wanted him to eat with his dom at the table or not. And not only that, he'd hoped he could simply get away with preparing one plate because all the rest of the pasta kind of looked weird and Tony didn't want Steve to see it.
With a last, very light slap to Tony's butt, Steve left him there and returned to the couch to do god knows what.
He laid the omega down, he had to struggle to gently keep Tony from curling up on himself. He pulled off the pajama pants and the boxers Tony was wearing, rubbed him down quickly with a discarded t-shirt, then laid down next to him and wrapped himself around the omega as best as he could before pulling the covers over them both.
Steve seemed to think on it for a second then reached out to hold both Tony's shoulders. He didn't really look sleepy anymore, as Tony had imagined. He didn't look as young as he did when he was asleep either. He did look like Captain America though. Intense blue eyes bore into Tony.
The hand feeding Rogers insisted on had been awkward. Tony hadn't been expecting that. It was uncomfortable, messy and embarrasing, he could feel the collar touch his adams apple every time he swallowed. The surprising part was how Tony felt after it. Rogers took in stride every awkward moment of it and made it feel normal, every  embarrasing glob of sauce on Tony's chin was wiped away carefully and the mocking Tony half expected every time, never came. When it was over Tony felt like he'd been through an ordeal, and it hadn't gone half as bad as he'd assumed it would be.
Steve’s smile faltered. Tony couldn’t have been any more right, Steve did think Tony was cute when he was excited, in an insufferable way. He just didn’t feel comfortable letting Tony know it.
“Oh damn..” Tony whispered, his eyes widening. The guy was built and he was hung like a horse. Well the Captain America armor didn’t leave much to the imagination anyway but seeing Steve like this, in all his glory… Tony felt like room temperature had skyrocketed. In panic, he skipped ahead a few minutes. Only to stumble across the moment Steve groaned something and came into his hand.
“Yes you were. I saw how they looked at you. You’re their hero Tony. And you’re offering them something you don’t have. In return for information you shouldn’t have. We agreed that it’d be best if you remembered on your own!”
So he couldn’t entirely be neutral, so what? He was an alpha, it was practically in his nature to get into pissing contests. Especially when it involved Tony, he couldn’t stop himself.
“But I thought…” Then Tony trailed off and Steve had no idea what to do. He looked around to meet Coulson’s gaze and the agent was frowning.
Steve felt like he wanted to tell Tony to be polite once more, not to talk about himself like that, to stop sounding like Steve had brain washed him or something. And he felt like he wanted to get up and yell ‘in your face!’ to the colonel. But Tony wasn’t done yet, he kept on talking even when the colonel looked like he wanted to interrupt,
“You can stay here as long as you like. When you feel like you’re ready, go back to the R&D. I’ll pick you up in the evening. If you need me till then,” he sighed and ran a hand over his eyes,  “come to the gym.” He looked back at Tony. “I’m not mad at you. Don’t.. Don’t feel like you can’t talk to me. I’ll always have time for you. Just.. I don’t want to-” keep turning you down, he thought but he couldn’t say that to Tony. So he headed out and pulled the door closed behind him, hoping the pictures the children had drew for Iron Man that he chose amongst the fan mail would be enough distraction for Tony.
"You don't want me," Steve stated, again, not sounding upset, hurt, or surprised. Just.. blank. Which was much more unsettling to Tony.
Tony had been such a champ. Even when Steve had warned him about speaking carefully to the junior agents. Steve had still missed how scary his first day back could be. Tony had fooled him again.
Tony whistled and looked at Steve. “Thanks big guy.” He said, half mocking, then pushed Steve’s heavy arm off of himself to get up and Steve let him.
It was almost dawn when Steve marched Tony to bed. Tony had been too buzzed to sleep after all the information overload. Steve had forced him to try and remember more of the bits and pieces but it hadn’t worked. Tony hadn’t gotten any flashbacks. Not even of the Hulk, which he would think, would be a little hard to forget.
He swung Tony away from the wall and carried him to bed, when he gently dumped him on it and pulled the t-shirt off, Tony let him but when he made to get up the omega refused to let go.
Steve sighed a breath of relief. Tony was going to get well. It was a bit worrying that he hadn’t yet spoken but it could be the shock resulting from the clash of Tony’s heat and the hypothermia. The omegas body was struggling with hormonal imbalance on top of the cold.
When he started to sound choked Steve hushed him again and didn’t resist the urge to press a kiss to Tony’s hair this time. He had seen Tony in so many different situations, in battles, against enemies that seemed much stronger than they were, in foreign territories, amongst the wealthiest and the most influential people in the country.. Never had he seen Tony act anything other than cocky and supremely confidant.
"I can just stand under the hot water and enjoy myself. You have no idea what a privilage that is." Steve almost murmured, his voice getting deeper, as he wrapped his hand around his cock and gave himself a stroke.
Breakfast was horrible, everything tasted like soap. And not the liquid, chai-vanilla flavoured, anti-bacterial chemichal stuff Tony had back home either. Rogers had produced an honest to god bar of lye soap. It literally tasted like a laundry in Tony's mouth.
"We used to get these canned spaghetti on tours, it always had some sort of tomato sauce on top. Boys tought it was disgusting but it was better than nothing."
Steve himself sank down to one knee next to him and pulled Tony to his chest this time, like he had wanted to do after the incident in the mess hall.
Captain snorted. "Sure Tony. Unfortunately for you, there's still the issue of punishment from when you stalled obeying the order to strip, tried to make excuses and physically ran from me. That is no way to conduct yourself for a well trained submissive. If you really do not want to do something I ask of you, you always have your words."
"That's enough." Rogers started in his command voice. "You're surprised, and you feel betrayed I get it. But you agreed to the proposal, signed consent forms, AND gave verbal consent to everything, just a minute ago. You were ready to kneel for a random dominant whom you know nothing about. Which only goes to prove my point about your self preservation instincts. Now you don't get to choose."
The agents moved immediately to make him a spot on the table. He slid in across from the billionaire.
Happy had all his attention on the small television and he waved a hand to shush Pepper when the camera turned to Tony and Steve.
“Uh-oh. I may have memory loss but I do know that's never a good sign.” Tony quipped, still he made an effort to half sit up, at least to seem interested.
Maybe he should have been a little embarrassed about how proud he was, but fuck it. Steve'd told him he'd done a good job with the mopping and he'd just managed to cook some decent hassleback chicken with mesclun salad. It was tasty, it was healthy and there was plenty of it.
"You love me Potts." Tony skipped a step forward to snatch a kiss from her cheek, then he twirled around and said "I look amazing. Hottest piece of ass on this side of the planet. Actually no, on every side of the planet. Maybe comparable only to Steve. No? Yes?" He grinned.
"Tony, look at me." Steve said and Tony looked up at him. Steve looked so beautiful in the gentle fire light. His mouth was firm but his eyes were kind.
It was torture. But Jarvis was right. There was nothing else they could do. Steve’s mind was exceptionally vicious in the worst case scenarios it was constantly coming up with. Most of them centered around the special nightmare in which Tony woke up to his memories, saw Steve in bed and hated himself for every single time he knelt in front of Steve, every singe touch and kiss, felt violated.
Steve just tapped the smarting spot on top of Tony's head, not hurting him this time, just reminding him that the dom could hurt him.
"But... thanks." Tony finished. Barton tipped his head, put on his sunglasses and walked away, Tony quietly closed the door behind him to go find Steve and face the music.
The burst of Tony’s arousal scent in the air was almost dizzying, but Steve still needed verbal confirmation before he let go completely.
"You set me up you asshole! Tricked me, lied to me and humiliated me! Are you just gonna sit there?"
“Stane did this. When Tony’s dad died and Tony was hitting puberty, he saw his chance. He saw Tony was becoming an omega, sweet young thing he could both breed and order around. Then why let him have the money? He convinced the board of directors at the time, arguing that there was no way of knowing if Tony would turn out to be an omega or a beta or an alpha. No one wanted an omega boss. They all agreed business and omegas didn’t mix. Tony had to become an alpha. And when he would hit his first heat, Stane would of course be the obvious choice to marry Tony off to.”
"Good. You're doing good Tony." The Captain said, handing him a towel. Tony gratefully wiped his face and neck.
“Cap..” He rasped, his voice like gravel, evidence that the thug had almost choked Tony with his own tie.
"I know! But he chose to be with me! He did choose it!" Steve exploded. "And I'm losing my mind here, trying to understand if he changed his mind.. If he regrets ever touching me! I don't need your misguided bullshit on top of it!"
It was said so earnestly, so openly and freely Tony couldn't help but believe it for a moment, his heart thumping in his chest and his stomach twisting into knots. He did not know how to take it.
He couldn't hide the flinch when a speaker came online though, giving away how nervous he was actually feeling.
Steve hadn’t exactly forbidden Tony to speak but for what he wanted to do, he preferred Tony didn’t. Anyway, he alreadyknew how Tony preferred his food from all those times they ate together in Tony’s workshop.
"I'm used to some warm up, if that's the way you spank your subs, you really need to step up your game."
“Get you pregnant.” He went on, his voice turning into a low growl. Then he ground down on Tony’s hardness once more. One of his hands inched down to push Tony’s pants off.
"There." he almost slammed the two beer bottles onto the coffee table, then went and sat on the chair next to the record player. If he couldn't drink beer with them, he certainly wasn't going to nurse a glass of orange juice like a kid at the adults table.
“You looked too serious in the photo they showed me. Nice to know I wasn’t friends with a guy with a permanent stick up his ass.” Tony said, completely at ease with Steve touching him so casually, he even scooted his chair a little closer to Steve’s.
But of course she was right. Tony would hate that Steve had found out his secret. And Steve had nothing to say to that. He nodded a goodbye and stepped into the elevator.
“What? That we were lying to you?” Steve snapped and the colonel glared at him. Let him glare all he wants, Steve thought. But just then, the colonel turned to look back at Tony, this time with a sad smile.
"Alright then. You're late to make breakfast today, so I'll throw together some sandwiches while you wash your mouth."
Barton shook his head. "Nah, sorry, I work for the big spy. Being able to keep your mouth shut kinda is the job description."
Tony knew he was a mess. He was a mess of pain and tears but Steve didn't seem to mind, wiping Tony's face with the hem of his own shirt, and keeping up a comforting litany of how proud Steve was of him and how brave he'd been.
“Dr Bruce Banner? What the actual fuck? Does that guy make puppy eyes at the bad guys until they apologies or something? Not to dis him or anything but really, that guy could use some self confidence. He seemed really smart. Aside from not dishing to the amnesia guy of course.. But I don’t really blame him.” He looked a little embarrassed.
When the lights of the facility was less then a distant glow behind several hills, Steve finally stopped the car. In the dark desert only light they had was the headlights of the Rover and he had to turn them off too, as he could hear choppers searching in the distance.  That left Steve alone in the car with the glow of Tony’s heart.
It was a very scruffy looking guy. Tony could tell he had broad shoulders and was very nicely built but he was standing a little hunched over, like he wanted to look as unthreatening as possible. Even his voice was soft when he spoke. Tony guessed that he was a beta.
Steve watched Coulson like a hawk, a million scenarios and options running through his head. When had Coulson found out Tony was an omega? Had he already reported it to SHIELD? Or had SHIELD already known? If so, for how long? What were they planning to do with the information? Or maybe Coulson had just confirmed his suspicions. In which case, Steve needed to stop him from reporting Tony’s orientation. He needed to protect Tony from the downfall. He needed to protect his omega from the potential threat this alpha in a suit with a benign smile was presenting at the moment.
Tony wasn't surprised that Steve had woken up and was quiet enough that Tony hadn't heard him approach from behind. But he didn't turn around to look at him. Cap probably looked edible right now, in his lowriding sweat pants and habit of sleeping shirtless. Eyes sleepy and hair mussed in a way that it didn't even in battle. Tony didn't want to see any of it.
“We’re not fighting!” Steve bit back a growl and bit his tongue to stop himself from uttering anything like ‘Tony belongs to me’.
“Nice to meet you all.” Steve said then turned to walk out the mess hall, knowing that Tony would follow.
A thumb caressed his pink hole, as if responding to the little wink, then Tony froze, every muscle in his body tensing up when the thumb was followed by a tongue.
"You are beautiful. I'm looking forward to finding out how many times I can make you come in one day." Steve's voice was low, deep. Tony's cock tried harder, to no avail.
"Just a second, I'll need to confirm something. This pile is for polyethylene terephthalate and this is for polypropylene. Low and high density only makes a difference in the conveyor system. I was thinking if you changed the sorting system, which is, lets face it, pretty primitive, like blowing air, really? But anyway, then you'd save so much energy on recycling because you don't need the different tanks. Reduces chemical out put too. You'd just need 3 instead of 9. Well 7, but you have to take into accout polyamide and acrylonitrile butadiene styrene.."
"Tony I was in the army, I'm not making you use proper language because I have delicate ears. You're missing the point, again. But it's alright, you'll start to get it soon."
He stopped for a moment to pull himself together, put aside the ‘want’ the scent rose in him and focused on figuring out what was wrong with Tony. A heat in itself was hard to deal for an omega on his own but Tony had done it before. Something else must have gone wrong. Shaking his head to clear it he made his way to the bathroom door and knocked on it.
“Excuse me maam.” He muttered as he slipped out from under her wandering hand and made his way out the door. Maybe he could still catch Tony and see for himself what was wrong. At least he would rest easier if Tony himself told him to go mind his own business.
"Oh for the- Fine. Alright." Tony sighed, he picked up the notebook and the pen and retreated to his bed.
He remembered the look in Steve's eyes when he had said "MY collar" and his hand went to touch the collar in question.
He didn't have to wait long however. Less than a minute later the door opened and closed. Tony made a Herculean effort to not look up, all the while thinking to himself 'Am I really fucking doing this? Am I really kneeling here, a grown man...'
Steve temped down the urge to grab his finger and break his arm. A voice in his head kept telling him the colonel was probably right, no matter what Pepper said.
"I know it's hard to understand what I mean right now, but you will. I will tell you what you can expect of an average day in the coming week. I wake up at 5, I don't expect you to wake up with me. I go for an hour long  run every morning, and when I come back I will expect the breakfast and coffee to be ready. You will be showered, shaved and have prepared breakfast by 6:30. You decide when you want to wake up. I won't tolerate it if you're late."
When he let go, he became aware of jumbled words Tony was muttering between moans, “Yes..Steve.. please..  fuck yes..” Steve kissed the purple blotch he’d just created, then kissed along Tony’s collar bone. Tony’s head fell back to expose more of himself to his alphas teeth, when Steve looked up his eyes were closed, he was flushed red and panting through swollen lips.
As soon as they walked in, Steve had found himself trying not to drown under an avalanche of paper work that had piled up in his absence. Most of them were mission reports and intel on possible threats, and leads. Some were fan mail, both his and Tony’s. Fury must have thought it would be funny to send Tony’s fan mail to Steve. There was a subtle joke there but Steve wasn’t sure he wanted to look too closely and find out what.
"I was so fucking worried for you." Steve murmured into his hair in a grim voice. "So worried Tony. I woke up and you were gone. I.." To his horror a sob left his throat "I love you. I love you so much." But then Tony was leaning back and kissing him.
He knew there was some sort of mechanical catch in the suit that would manually release Tony, in case of power loss and such but if the suit wasn’t damaged beyond repair he didn’t want to leave it behind. He wanted to touch the other man and determine the damage but he couldn’t get through layers of enforced titanium without the suit falling apart, all he could see was Tony’s face. He was pale without a single scratch on his handsome face. More worryingly, Steve couldn’t spot the source of the blood that covered one side of it.
There was fire going in the fireplace now, but Tony wasn't able to spot Rogers immediately. Then he realised the other man was in the kitchen. Not really knowing what was expected of him he decided to kneel by the couch. Plus, the heat from the actual fire was nice on his naked skin.
“You like him Tony.” Steve told him easily, trying not to laugh. “And he likes you. Give him a break, alright?”
The ride home had calmed him down a little, his extreme arousal shifting to a more settled version of mere want. And his mind had finally slowed down to a manageable pace. He had finally stopped calculating all the variables for the unknown elements that surrounded him. Steve’s request for a drink had unsettled a little without remembering why and when Steve had reminded him that he couldn’t get drunk, Tony had relaxed. So he had some sort of problem with drunk people? Tony didn’t remember what or why.  But after the ride at least he had pulled himself together after his break down, enough that his thought process had started to work normally again, if in a much more sedated fashion.
