~*~*~*~
“Please do. It’ll give me a better reason for throwing four and a half million dollars on a drawing of
~*~*~*~
There was a flare of determination sparking behind his eyes, a look that Steve immediately drew into. Their lips met in a harsh kiss, finesse and subtlety be damned. They poured everything into it: their worry, doubts, affection. Tony leaned his weight forward, pushing Steve back into the plush pillows and leaving wet kisses along the column of his throat.
date? With a person?”
She rolled her eyes, ducking back behind her umbrella. “I’ll pay for dinner after the game. Don’t get your panties in a twist, Stark.”
Redwing was not an Impostor
~*~*~*~
It was one thing to know his parents had been murdered, but it was something else entirely to see the event play out on his own. Tony’s vision blurred with tears as he watched the Winter Soldier on the crummy screen, the body of his father being dragged along the ground. Steve moved to stand beside him, almost anticipating something. He remembered Steve’s arms around him; whether it was to hold him back from attacking Barnes or to keep him from falling to his knees, Tony wasn’t sure.
“…and that’s basically it. The gym and lap pool are on the same floor, and the screening room is in the west wing. Kitchens are periodically restocked, just let FRIDAY know what groceries to order.”
“– they don’t grant visas to weapons of mass destruction.”
to Me
Tony leans up to press a soft kiss against his lips. “
“It’s a nasty-looking gash, but not too deep. So I’ll clean it up as best as I can before I bandage it up, okay?”
Smiling back, Steve did an awkward bow and mumbled an ‘arigatou’ before heading to the elevators. Just his luck, though, there was only one elevator and it was at what seemed to be the top floor of this tall building. Steve wasn’t usually impatient, but he wanted to just lie down and rest his tired feet. His room was only on the third floor, and he figured it’d be faster to take the stairs at this rate.
Laughing, Steve followed her. “Fine. You’re right. I could use something to take my mind off everything.”
. He was still squirming a little as the eggs continued to be pushed through him. He was warm all over, as though he were lying in a tangle of blankets made out of the softest material imaginable. And every time Tony’s gaze raked over his body, it was like his skin was on fire. He trusted Tony to take care of him, and it was like a burden was lifted from his shoulders.
“So you’re going to inject them into me…?” Steve wasn’t sure he liked the idea of being a guinea pig again.
“Come on in, Cap,” he heard Tony say from somewhere further back in the large room. “Toward the back on your right.”
Tony sits back and lets Steve get to work. While he’s all warm and toasty now, that could quickly change if they let the fire die out. He expects to have to coax Steve some more once he’s done, but much to his relief, Steve immediately starts removing his uniform. Tony contemplates being considerate and looking the other way but instead just indulges his libido. He feels oddly relaxed, even though the situation should be awkward. Steve’s turned toward the door as he pulls off the upper part of his uniform. He quickly moves onto his pants and folds that and the top part of the uniform neatly. Tony at least gets to appreciate the way his thigh and ass muscles flex as he bends over. He moves onto his shirt next, revealing his broad back and shoulder muscles that look wonderful in the dim light of the fire.
He wasn’t sure how much time passed before he heard Tony’s voice again.
“Love the new look, Santa Cap.”
“...Oh.” Steve wasn’t sure of how to feel about that. Had the creature attacked Tony as he tried to rescue him?
“Don’t blame you,” Steve said in sympathy. “How about you take a break while I brush my teeth and then we can see about getting you some accommodations for the night?”
Tony thinks back to how good it had felt to be connected to Steve, his knot tying them together as he’d continued to come inside of him—okay, he is
Bruce finally turned toward him again. “He pretty much blasted it until there was nothing left.”
Tony gave him an impish grin. “Oh, you know… Clean yourself out, medium-sized buttplug. The usual.”
Funny that Bruce should mention Steve. Images rushed back to Tony’s mind unbidden: Steve in the throes of ecstasy, begging Tony to take him. He pinched the bridge of his nose. “I’ll talk to him when I’m done with this.” He glanced up to find Bruce still looking skeptical.
Steve couldn’t help smiling at the pet name. “Amazing.” Except there was something that felt off. “But um… I’m kind of thirsty.”
“Sorry for keeping you so long,” the man says with a sympathetic look. “We’ll be sure to call you as soon as we can reschedule.”
“Holy shit, that was
He gasped as he came again.
“Hey, Steve. Mind if I stayed over another night?”
Steve couldn’t help the deep groan as he shut his eyes at that. He felt his cock twitch as his eidetic memory helpfully brought up images of all the times he’d let Tony tie him up.
Before Tony can say anything else, the man’s hand is on his shoulder. That’s when Tony’s hit with an all too familiar scent: deep and musky with an undercurrent of something unique.
The man nodded. “Was going to head over to a museum, but the exhibit’s closed by now. I’ve totally slept in.”
When their lips meet, it feels like all of the tension of the last few minutes—no, since back on the jet—has finally reached a tipping point.
“Ah?” Tony is caught off-guard and has to stifle a laugh. “Well, uh… it was different for me, I guess.”
,” Steve panted as he writhed against his restraints. His cock twitched against the underside of his belly, slick with precome. He’d lost count of how many times he’d gotten off by this point, but it felt like he could keep going forever.
Just then, he heard the sound of footsteps approaching. A shadow fell over him and he glanced up from his position to see Tony glaring down at him.
Steve pushed his head up into Tony’s hand. “Mmhmm.” He couldn’t remember the last time he’d felt so completely drained like this. It was almost like he was still floating, though he was far more grounded now than he had been back in the workshop. He let out another groan from deep in his throat when Tony’s fingers pushed back through his hair. Usually even this much stimulation was enough to get him aroused. Now, instead of all of that sensation going right to his cock, there was just a nice, pleasant heat simmering under his skin.
By the time Tony reached the lab door, it was in full lockdown. That much was expected. What he didn’t expect was to run into Steve decked out in his full uniform. Glancing down at his own pajama pants and t-shirt, Tony was impressed with Steve’s readiness at 3 o’clock in the morning.
“Please,” Steve gasped.
Steve nodded. That was the Tony Stark he’d gotten to know since moving into Stark Tower, all right.
“Huh?” He can’t be so obvious already on the first day of his heat, can he? Usually his cologne does the job of masking just about anything he puts out. That and the building’s air filters…
“Let’s get the undersuit off, first.”
Laughing, Steve patted Tony on the back as he stepped past him. “Sure, why not?”
embarrassment?” Tony pushed Steve’s hand off his shoulder and stepped back. “Steve, that thing pretty much violated you!”
He wasn’t sure how Tony was going to react. Accept his apology? Ignore his apology and barrel on? What he didn’t expect was for Tony to throw his hands in the air and start pacing in a circle.
They both rested there for what felt like a long time to Steve. He was still pretty far under. The only thing really registering at the moment was the heat of Tony’s skin against his own and the unrelenting fullness in his abdomen.
Tony grinned. “Well, since you’ve asked so nicely.” He brought up a hologram showing what must have been some of the designs for the nanites. “The whole point of using nanotech like this is that it’s very flexible. It’s pretty easy to design nanites to play nicely with human body chemistry. That flexibility is what we need in this situation. They can form up into larger structures and change shape as needed to move throughout the body.”
He eased the weights down as he gradually allowed the handle on the cable to pull back.
“Oh,” he said quietly as he finally started to process the fullness that had settled in his gut. He forced himself to relax his abdominal muscles again and focused on the sensation of the eggs still shifting inside of him. It was so damn good, and Tony’s hand stroking back and forth over the raised skin of his abdomen only made it better.
The man suddenly stirred awake for a moment. “Don’t wanna go to work…” he grumbled before closing his eyes again and letting out a snore.
As much as Tony was enjoying this, he could feel the minutes ticking down until he had to go back to his lonely luxury suite. Back to the boring reality that was hanging over him like a shadow. Steve with his blond hair, bright eyes and even brighter smile was like sunshine keeping the shadows away. And if Tony was getting all poetic about things, he knew he was screwed.
“Just taking a break,” he said as way of explanation as he dropped to his knees and then into a crouch. “Don’t worry about me.”
“Look at you,” he said, his expression full of what looked like disgust.
“Four minutes, fifty-four seconds, Sir.”
The next thing Steve knew, Tony was kissing him and slipping a hand around the back of his neck. He groaned into Tony’s mouth and pulled him closer without even thinking about it. Everything was happening so fast and Steve felt like his world had been flipped on its head. Among all of that, though, one thought was clear in his mind: Tony Stark was a
The worst part about all this was that he did like Tony. More than as a teammate. Despite that, it had been easy to keep some professional distance between them. Steve quickly learned how cautious Tony was about letting people get too close in terms of trust. He liked to think he’d made significant progress, but it always always hard to tell with Tony.
Steve’s head whips around and he stares at Tony. “Really?”
“Do you remember what you said before you passed out?”
“You know what? You’re right. I’m going to go to sleep. Right now.”
Steve doesn’t look impressed as he stands back. That’s when Tony realizes more time went by than he thought because Steve is down to his undershirt and boxers. Tony can see his uniform drying on a chair that’s been placed by the fire burning away in the hearth.
Tony’s relieved when they hit the copse of trees that he had detected. His scans indicated signs of a large structure, and sure enough, it comes into view once Steve’s wandered a few feet under the trees. Tony glances up to see what looks like a small cabin.
Anticipation and arousal rolled through Steve as seconds seemed to stretch forever. He opened his mouth obediently when Tony’s fingers pressed against his lower lip. And then he felt the touch of hot, slick skin as Tony pressed the head of his cock against his lips. The head of his cock was already leaking copious amounts of precome as Tony pressed into his mouth. Steve couldn’t help the moan as he accepted the intrusion.
“Fuck,” he panted as he watched Steve open his legs for the creature like a desperate animal in heat.
“Hey, I’ll take what I can get!”
So he lets Steve keep going, his mind going slow and sluggish as he relaxes a bit more and focuses on the warm pleasure settling in his core. Distantly, he’s impressed at how Steve has seemingly no refractory period.
“What do you mean our ‘usual’?”
,” Steve grumbles.
Steve hesitates. “That’s probably the hormones talking. I can… move back to the other wall if you want.” And he would, even if his dick is a hot brand throbbing in his pants. Even as thoughts of claiming this omega sneak into his thoughts.
Tony looked pleased as he chuckled. “There is definitely more where that came from.”
“You’re shitting me,” Tony says as he idly swirls the tumbler of whiskey in his hand. “There’s an explanation for whatever the hell happened in that elevator?” He finally looks up to find his friend Bruce glancing at him over the top of his glasses from the couch a few feet away.
The man must mistake Tony’s look of horror for distress because he steps closer. “You look like you’re running a fever.”
“Uh huh.”
Steve just stared at him for a moment, not sure how to respond.
“Thank goodness,” Tony says. “You think anyone’s home?”
it. Needed Tony to make him desperate, make him beg for release.
“Tony, please…” Steve’s voice was strained as he pleaded.
Steve’s knees hit the mattress, and then suddenly he’s so close. Tony watches Steve’s gaze move across his body. In this position, Steve towers over him and it makes Tony shudder in excitement.
To his credit, he did start doing better. Natasha was right; he needed to focus on the match instead of letting his mind wander to other things. Even if he hadn’t talked to Tony in almost three days by now.
Tony gave him an all-too-familiar smirk. “You are going to
Sighing, Bruce said, “Why don’t you just talk to Steve about this? Natasha says he’s moping about all this, too.”
Steve shook his head again as he tried to think of what to say to Tony. He really was okay. He just needed to take a breather, was all.
She ran a hand over her chin as she considered his words. “If you can even find him. He’s gone full hermit lately, it seems. I think the only living, breathing human that’s seen him in the last three days is Bruce.”
Steve finally gazes up at the man behind the desk. “Uh, sure. I appreciate the notice and all that.” He runs a hand through his carefully styled hair. “I’ll definitely be looking forward to hearing back from you guys.”
Tony actually feels bad for the guy. Not just because he’s a total hottie, though he is
“Tony…” Steve buries his face against Tony’s neck and groans. “I…”
teaching. Even now he missed his students.
Steve felt his skin flush all the way down to his chest at Tony’s words and nodded.
“Something like that.”
For some reason he’d had the smart idea of taking the train back to his hotel, which had ended up with him getting lost in Shinjuku station–seriously, how many exits and entrances did that station have?!–finally getting his ass on the Yamanote line only to get off at the wrong stop. Oh, and that was the last train home. What the actual fuck.
“The results have just come in, Sir. From what I can tell, there is no sign of abnormalities.”
Bruce sits down at the stool on the other side and reaches for his bottle of water. “Honestly? Pretty low. But not impossible.”
He felt Tony’s hand start to rub soothing circles into his abdomen again. Gradually, he willed himself to calm down before he started to push again.
Tony stretched against the high thread count sheets of his bed while stifling a yawn. He felt good even as his muscles protested his movement. It was the feeling of having had a good round of sex, and as he’d just learned, sex with Steve was very,
He pulled back down as he did another rep and took in a heavy breath.
Steve shook his head. He wanted to feel Tony all around him. Covering him and his full, full belly.
The position gives him a view of the elevator’s other occupant. Some dude in an expensive-looking suit staring down at his equally expensive-looking phone. Not really a surprising sight, considering where he is, but there’s something about the guy that draws the eye. He’s kind of cute, too. Steve can hear Bucky’s voice in his head, teasing him about how he’s got a thing for clean-cut brunettes with a commanding presence. Feeling nervous all of a sudden, Steve turns his attention to the elevator’s display counting down the floors.
“Cap, I fucking swear I’m going to bust in there and drag you out myself if you don’t say something.”
Tony gave him another soft smile. “Glad to hear you’re enjoying yourself. I’m gonna move now, okay? You don’t need to do anything. Just… focus on how good everything feels.”
The rest of the day went much better and Steve managed to keep his mind off of his worries. By the time he was ready for bed, though, the silence of his room and the muted sounds of the city allowed some of his wayward thoughts to wander back.
“There might be.”
...That can’t be good.
It was like nothing else Steve had ever felt in his life. He writhed against his restraints, the stimulation almost too much to handle. Whatever the object was, it was like it knew exactly what he needed. He cried out again as he came hard, his release spattering his chest and belly. The orgasm was intense as the thing inside of him seemed intent on driving him insane. Finally, the vibrations ceased as Steve came down from his climax.
Steve’s speechless. “After everything I… did?”
He scrubbed his hand over his face and leaned back against the console. “Give me a visual on Cap’s vitals, will you?”
“Head in the game, Rogers,” she scolded him before raising an eyebrow. She then offered him a hand as her expression softened.
She put her hands on Steve’s wrists and brought them together over his chest. “Steve, I think you really need to talk to him.”
“Well, tell him that it’s not his fault and that I’m grateful for what he did.”
Tony mumbles something into the mattress before drifting off, though he can’t remember what it is.
“I’ll be monitoring you, okay? Just in case anything happens. And I’m still applying sealant to the suit.”
Tony pushes his forehead against the glass wall of the elevator, though it’s now long since warmed from the heat baking off of his body. He’s burning up from the inside out, every nerve in his body lit up with pleasure. The weight of Steve’s come sitting in his gut is a constant reminder of how closely they’re connected.
The soothing touch of Tony’s hand on his thigh helped to ground him. “Just a bit of the technology I explained to you,” he heard Tony say softly. “Like I said: kind of like a dildo, but much, much better. And don’t worry, I made sure the diameter of this one was enough to make you have to work for it, but nothing close to anything that’d hurt you.”
Shaking his head, Steve took matters into his own hands. “Here, let me help you.”
“Took a bunch of trains then hopped on the Shinkansen. Once I got on the bullet train, it was super fast. But all the stuff before that took most of the day.”
Across the table Steve averted his gaze, clearly embarrassed. “My rank in the army was captain, and when my students found out, well… that’s what they started calling me. And it stuck. Even some of the adults in town started using it,” he said with a sigh.
Distantly, he realized that he hadn’t heard Tony for a while. Maybe he wasn’t worried anymore. Steve hoped he wasn’t. He felt so fucking good, and he wanted Tony to feel this way, too. After adjusting to the rapid, unrelenting pace of the twenty-first century, it was nice to just let go like this. Now that Steve thought about it, keeping this to himself was selfish. He bet Tony would enjoy this, too. He and Tony could enjoy this together. Maybe he could watch Tony get himself off. Or maybe… maybe Tony would let Steve get him off. With his hand or his mouth or, or—
“Steve…” He reached out toward his face with a gauntleted hand before stopping to pull it back. Tony turned away from him. “Okay, Stark, get a goddamned grip. No need to get creepy about this.” So what if he’d seen Steve naked and in the throes of ecstacy for ten minutes? These things happened. And he was an adult. He wouldn’t make things awkward for Steve. The man hadn’t been in his right mind, and Tony intended to make it clear that he absolutely was not judging him for anything that had transpired.
Tony held up a hand. “It’s fine, Steve. Water under the bridge—”
“Good.” Thank god he’s able to dodge that bullet. If anyone tries to make Tony sit in a room for yet another meeting, he will lose it. From what he can remember, he’s got a few hours before the symptoms get really annoying, but he’d rather not take any unnecessary risks.
Tony chuckled. “Sure. Sounds good. Just gotta promise me one thing.”
This had to be one of the weirdest conversations Steve had ever had in his life. “And this… won’t hurt?”
“Are you okay?” Steve asked in Japanese, hoping that the man could understand his very American accent.
“It’s fine,” he says.
Steve grunted as he dragged the limp body of the man down the quiet corridor. He glanced around nervously, hoping that none of the other residents of this place were awake. As far as he could tell, though, everyone was asleep. The little windows into the small chambers that he passed by were either empty or covered by a screen that had been pulled down. Steve couldn’t help a slight shiver as he moved further into the room. Japanese capsule hotels reminded him of some bizarre science fiction film featuring pod people or something crazy like that. He’d been reluctant when a fellow assistant language teacher had told him about them, but he couldn’t argue with the price.
“Not an egg,” Tony said with a smile, like he was reading Steve’s mind. “It’s what I’ve determined to be the best shape for what we’ll be doing. So it’s shaped like an egg but it is definitely anything but.”
The creature pulled away from his face and raised its body into the air as it twitched its antennae. Steve wasn’t sure what was going on until something warm splashed against his lips. That was when he realized that it seemed to be secreting some liquid from what he assumed was its mouth. The creature’s head hovered back and forth, a few inches from his face, as the liquid continued to flow out slowly. It was then that Steve realized what the creature was trying to do. He moved his hand away from his cock and reached up toward it. Now that it was so close, Steve could smell the creature’s secretions, and they smelled delightful. Bringing the creature’s head close, he strained to reach it with his tongue. The first taste was even better than the smell. It was the best thing Steve had ever tasted in his life. He pulled the creature’s head closer to give himself better access. Seemingly in response, it started secreting more liquid, which Steve happily lapped up. He groaned as he continued to enjoy the taste.
Steve’s eyes widened. “What?”
Tony gasped as he came, spilling over his hand.
“I’m okay,” he insisted as he kept struggling with his underwear. “Just… just need to get out of these.” He let out a little giggle despite himself. The creature was crawling even lower with its other end now.
Apparently he doesn’t get far enough because the next thing he knows, something hits his back, followed immediately by bright, searing pain across his back.
Steve huffs out a nervous laugh, as he feels the back of his neck flush. “I can’t help it…?”
He smiles up at Steve. “Yeah. Feeling much better.”
Tony’s upward slide was just as good as his muscles clenched down on Steve’s cock as though reluctant to be empty again.
Well,
Steve lost track of time after that as at least two more objects forced their way inside him. He barely even noticed Tony removing the hose afterward. Some time after, he felt an odd sensation when Tony’s hand stroked his abdomen, prompting him to moan. He felt high on pleasure, and there was a faint buzzing in his ears. His lips curved into a smile as he gazed up at Tony.
The man shrugged. “Dunno. Got a key from the lady at the front, but lost it when I was puking my brains out ‘n stuff in the bathroom.”
it, handsome.”
“Wait. Why the hell are you removing your clothes? That’ll only increase your skin contact with whatever this thing is secreting!”
He let himself fall back against his pillows and stared at the ceiling. Things couldn’t keep going like this, he knew. Sooner or later, something would have to give.
Tony was all too happy to indulge him. At first, he’d had a field day with Steve’s practically non-existent refractory period. Even when Tony had hit his own limit, he did everything he could to find ways to keep Steve sated. Steve remembered feeling guilty those times he’d gotten off from a really nice vibrating dildo (custom-made by Tony) for the fourth or fifth time only to look down and find that he was still hard.
He sits up a bit. “Sure. Just let me change into something else.”
of his dreams lately were of Steve. And in all of them he was writhing in ecstasy as he was violated by an alien bug. Tony had seen a lot of weird shit in the past few years of his life, but this still took the cake for being pretty fucked up.
“So far blood tests are looking good. CT scans just came out.”
Tony considered that for a moment. “Where are we, exactly?”
“A few times during the war. When it was… urgent enough.”
“Mmm, yeah…” Tony agrees.
“Any changes at all?”
Pulling back, Tony returned his smile. “You’re pretty far gone, huh?” Steve shuddered when Tony stroked the side of his face tenderly. “You okay?”
Tony raises a skeptical eyebrow. Does this guy really not know who he is? Judging by the man’s wide-eyed expression, he really doesn’t. “Yes, I work here.” Now that Tony thinks about it, though… “Have I seen you before?”
“How’re you feeling, honey?”
“Steve.” Once again, Steve is reminded of how surreal this all is.
“Though going from the footage…” Bruce winced. “And don’t worry, I only watched what was absolutely necessary for me to understand the situation—”
Steve resists the urge to groan because the memory of yesterday evening is fresh in his mind. The base of his cock throbs at the thought of that perfect omega heat around him. So far, the only thing that’s stopped him from jerking off to memories of fucking Mr. Stark is the accompanying guilt.
Steve couldn’t help smiling. “So nice of you to offer.” He groaned when Tony started lightly stroking his stomach. “Okay, yeah. Keep doing that.”
Glancing up at the display over the nearest door, Steve realized that his stop was next. Sure enough, the pleasant female voice announced Takadanobaba Station coming up. Steve quickly reached down for his duffel and made the awkward shuffle toward the door by politely moving through the crowd around him. People moved readily enough despite the lack of space to move to, and Steve was by the door by the time the train slowed to a stop.
His throat was raw from yelling out his pleasure as the orgasm seemed to go on endlessly. By the time the last of the aftershocks faded away, he was exhausted. His eyelids felt heavy, and his limbs were like lead in the creature’s hold.
Eventually, Steve settled on the awkward task of removing the man’s shoes and cramming them into the locker next to his. Once that was settled, he took the complementary toiletries bag. He was originally planning to just go to sleep immediately. Considering his unexpected companion’s state, though, a trip to the bathroom to clean up couldn’t hurt.
“You haven’t heard from him?”
Steve took that as a sign that he was at least going to cooperate and went about getting ready for bed. By the time he turned back to check on the man, he was fast asleep. It was an odd sight, the man sitting there on a bath stool in a fancy suit with his black socks against the gray tiled floor. He ran a hand through his hair and huffed out a breath. He had a feeling that this capsule hotel wouldn’t have much space, but he didn’t feel right leaving this man here like this. He needed to figure something out, though. Otherwise he wouldn’t be getting much sleep, either. The last thing he wanted was to get them
Steve huffed out a laugh. “You know me so well.”
“You are?” Steve couldn’t help asking. Now that his arousal had rekindled, he found himself getting antsy.
“Sorry, let myself get distracted.” He gestured to what was behind Steve. “Move back a bit, okay? We still have to get that plug out of you.”
Much to Steve’s annoyance, Tony just rolled his eyes. “We’re on a mat in a gym, what better place is there? I can have the place locked down in seconds if I need to, anyway.”
donuthole has voted. 2 remaining.
“But he can’t just—”
Steve hovered at Tony’s side, wide-eyed as he watched their daughter’s tiny fingers wrap around Tony’s pinky. “She’s so strong,” Tony croaked out, laughing giddily. “Oh, she’s so beautiful. Pep, you have no idea how — oh, man. You’ll be her godmother, right? You gotta be.” He sniffed, turning his head to look at Steve. They both were smiling like they’d never smile ever again, eyes wet with tears but filled with so much love and adoration that Steve felt like he was going to drown in it.
It was Tony’s turn to cut Steve off, slotting their mouths together messily as he twisted his fingers into Steve’s blond locks. Steve reciprocated almost immediately, tightening one arm around Tony as the other carded through his hair, tugging hard enough to elicit a moan.
Steve needed a lot of mental strength to keep himself from rolling his eyes at his boyfriend’s antics, but he managed. However, he hadn’t realized that the two men had peeled away from their group and begun to trudge up the main staircase until Tony was already half-way up the stairs.
Tony replied, holding his thumb and forefinger close together, “I’m
Hashtag hyphenated.
When Tony opened his eyes again, all that was left of Steve were footprints in the snow.
such thing.”
“An argument could still be made for Morgana—”
Steve almost never minded listening to Tony talk. He loved his boyfriend’s voice – it became one of the things he found comfort in over the years – but if he had to hear another half-hour-long rant about Secretary Ross breathing down their necks or the tech upgrades that he couldn’t even hope to understand, Steve was going to
“I love you too, Pep, come on. You can do it!”
“Tony!” Steve groaned, covering his face with both hands.
Word Count: 381
~*~*~*~
them to. He had a lot to say about Ross dropping the Sokovia Accords in their laps, but there was going to be even more to say if the Avengers didn’t sign them. (Not to mention, it was something else entirely that Natasha, of all people,
Steve remained frozen when Tony came to wrap an arm around his waist, the other one lifting his own cup to his lips. Waiting for Tony’s brain to catch up with him was torture. Steve watched Tony’s face carefully, pulling his mouth into a wide grin when a half-hearted glare was sent his way.
The following morning, Tony was rushing to make a board meeting when he passed Steve in their kitchen. “Let’s order-in tonight?” he had offered, perusing the refrigerator for the Tupperware of lunch that Steve always prepared for him.
, hope y'all have fun with some 2012-era family fluff vibes lol
“Even after… With mopping up HYDRA, and Ultron which was – largely my fault,” Tony sighed. Steve recognized the detached, neutral mask that had slipped over his face. “I didn’t stop to think much about the consequences of my actions, because I couldn’t risk
The typing indicators kept stopping and starting and stopping again. Tony expected a lengthy paragraph or two from Steve but was surprised when a five-word message popped up instead:
Attached:
Every person that Tony passed in the hospital took one good look at him and immediately averted their eyes. With knitted brows and a mouth pressed into a hard line, he looked like he was on the warpath. The guards standing outside of Steve’s private room in the more closed-off part of the hospital exchanged a glance when he approached, but neither of them got in his way when he barged through the door.
Imposters: donuthole, AmericasAss
The touch was as fast as a blink. Tony had bumped his chest against Steve’s, leaning on the balls of his feet to get to his eye-level and nearly losing balance, but there was no mistaking the accidental brush of Tony’s lips against his own. There was a moment that passed between them, wide eyes flickering to each other’s lips, breaths stuck in their throats, then Tony was pressing their mouths together hard, beard scratching Steve’s skin.
The taste of Tony’s cinnamon mouthwash made his lips tingle, and a deep ache stirred in his gut when the brunet rolled his hips against him, straddling his lap on the driver’s seat of his sports car still parked in the Tower’s private underground parking garage. Steve’s hands kneaded the backs of Tony’s thighs, pulling him closer as the thought of food was shoved away to the back of his mind.
A/N: Can be read as a Part 3 to the Aftermath and Harley Keener chapters
I laughed
Natasha’s frown deepened as she made eye contact with Hammer, and Tony felt the anger radiating out of her even from where he sat across the dining table. “I’m giving you thirty seconds to get out of here before I stab you with my heels.”
“Tony…”
“Way ahead of you,” he replied, smiling. Steve left another peck on Tony’s lips before clapping Happy on the shoulder, stepping out into the rain again before entering the lobby of Avengers Tower.
“Welcome home, honey,” Tony had greeted another time when he ran into Steve in the elevator. Tony settled against his warmth, contentment spreading through his limbs as he leaned his head up for a peck on the lips.
Steve groaned, grimacing. “Am I never going to live that down?”
“Does it really surprise you that much that you think I lied?” Tony stared dead at his mentor as he stepped closer to Steve. Without looking, he grasped his fiancé’s hand in his, intertwining their fingers. Tony looked at Steve, and then smiled. “Sorry, love. Didn’t mean to throw you under the bus.”
Wiping the sweat from his forehead, Steve huffed, “I have no idea what that is.”
The thing was, Steve Rogers was incredibly observant. He also knew how to read his boyfriend like an open book. Each time Tony’s eyes would go dark in the lull of battle or he’d bite his lip whenever Steve wrapped an arm around him in uniform, he couldn’t help but to catalogue it, save it for a rainy day. The specific attention Tony paid to his hands had sent Steve’s blood rushing through his body, and it was more than distracting whenever Tony would
His Adam’s apple bobbed as he swallowed audibly. Steve pulled his bottom lip between his teeth, brows furrowing together. “You distract me.
“Tony had a tendency to, uh…
or is Rhodey able to take you?
~*~*~*~
“Yeah, quite the mystery,” Steve replied, rolling his eyes as he pulled Tony closer by the front of his sweater.
“I’m fine,” Tony dismissed, pressing the base of his palms against his eyes. “I’m fine.”
Steve has a little symbiote friend, and they set their sights on Tony.
Steve remained at the edge of the dock even as the others moved back to the cabin or bid their goodbyes. He needed to be alone for a moment, to gather his thoughts and figure out his plan. (He had a plan, before, with Tony. Marriage, then a family. Settling down and retiring. Without him, Steve had to think of a new one, and he didn’t want to think about it.)
Tony’s eyes darted to the side; guilt spread over his face. He stared out the windows overlooking the New York skyline. “Fury said you were on blackout and I shouldn’t –”
“It took me a while to…” Steve felt tears prick his own eyes as he looked at Tony, at the way his shoulders were squared, at the way the pain was clear in his eyes. Letting go of a shuddering breath, he revealed, “A year. Less.”
A/N: These are inspired by quotes from Chris and RDJ, just tweaked a little lol
A grin started to tug at Steve’s lips. One of his hands skirted up Tony’s body before resting at his throat, fingers wrapping lightly around it. There was a moment when Tony didn’t recognize Steve, a moment when he considered that maybe he’d messed up big time, but then there was a softness that washed over Steve’s expression that Tony knew all too well.
“Medical, yup,” Tony breathed intelligently, hastily, pivoting on his heel and returning the way he came. The deep blush that appeared on the man’s cheeks was hard to miss.
? God, I want to blow you so bad. Want to suck your brains right out of your dick.”
Another tendril, longer than the others, rubbed at the waistband of his underwear before slipping past and rubbing over the growing hardness in his pants. “Oh, shit,” Tony cursed, feeling it coil around his cock. The breath got knocked right out of him, and he held fast to the front of Steve’s shirt, silently thankful that the blond still had the wherewithal to keep him from falling.
“Right, right, yeah.” Tony ran a hand through his tousled hair before craning his head forward to catch Steve’s mouth in a kiss, tasting of rain and a little bit of his morning shake. (Blueberries. Tony loved blueberries.) “Now get inside and change before you get sick,” he ordered lamely, realizing a second too late that
“Five minutes,” Tony said, pulling the smaller barn door open. “An argument can be made for ten.”
Tony found Steve’s eyes, with irises so ocean-blue that he wanted to drown in them, and then leaned up to gently brush his lips to Steve’s forehead. “Thanks for letting me in.”
Word Count: 3,836
Steve remembered how it started: a sensual kiss with Tony’s hand at his neck, and then his grip was light around his throat, and Steve
The last thing Steve remembered from the night before was celebrating the end of December with the Avengers and some of the other SHIELD personnel they’d befriended over the last few months. Thor had been by with some kind of Asgardian ale, strong enough to make even Steve lose his inhibitions after half a cup, and then Bruce was finding Steve and Tony necking inside of the food pantry in the kitchens.
Tony seemed focused on the tablet propped on his knee, but Steve stole his attention when he shifted to hug his waist, humming contentedly as he pressed closer. Steve nudged the bridge of his nose against Tony’s jawline, leaving light butterfly kisses against his cheek and scruff with his eyelashes. “Hi,” Steve murmured sleepily, planting a quick kiss on Tony’s neck.
“You sure are a ball of sunshine today, aren’t you?” Tony teased, sipping at his coffee. “My plans include none of that, fortunately. I’ve got a date.”
Steve felt like he had cotton in his ears with how loud the blood pumping through them was. It was like the blood pumping through his body was the loudest thing there was. His heart was ten times its normal size by the way his chest felt intensely warm. He couldn’t even take his eyes off of the man standing beside him, as if he’d ever want to. (And he’d never want to. He could look at Tony for the rest of his life, and after today, that was exactly what he planned to do.)
“I love
Steve padded down the steps barefoot, frowning. He entered his access code on the cool glass when the security keypad popped up, sighing as he entered the workshop. With how loudly the heavy rock music was being blasted through the speakers, it was obvious Tony was in the middle of an inventing binge.
Ahead of them, Bruce pulled open one of the glass doors to the building, smiling slightly with his lips pressed together. Steve huffed a quiet “thanks” as he followed behind Tony, who tugged on his arm when he fell behind as the others power-walked through the bustling lobby.
, Cap,” Happy inserted, giving him a look.
Tony’s breath got knocked right out of him. He winced inwardly when a quiet groan escaped him, and even though he wished Steve would ignore it, he knew that his boyfriend’s super hearing had picked it up.
And that was all it took. With a groan, Steve surged forward, capturing Tony’s mouth as he raised his hands to hold him closer. Tony leaned into the kiss, returning the heat and vigor that Steve put behind it. It was Steve’s hands, strong and sure, that held onto Tony like his life depended on the action, and then there were just
His heart swelled at the use of the nickname. He smiled, moving to lie down on the grass beside the brunet. “Will kisses make it better?” Steve teased, his eyes falling half-lidded as he stared down at his boyfriend.
Steve captured Tony’s lips, licking filthily into his mouth and tracing over his teeth as if he were mapping it for his memory. Tony groaned, twirling his tongue around Steve’s and absolutely reveling in the heady taste of him. When Steve pulled away, Tony was flushed and breathless, nothing but a thin line of spit keeping them connected.
Subject: Fwd: Re: I AM SO SORRY
Irish mob boss Steve "The Captain" Rogers and Italian mafioso Tony Carbonell-Stark.
Tony’s mouth quirked up at one corner, teasing as he slowly prepped Steve for a second finger. “You with me, champ?”
“Tony! Don’t laugh at that.”
, sir, had gone all Rambo on not one – not
“Why not?”
“What’s got your gears turning, Cap?” Tony questioned jokingly, pulling him from his thoughts. “You have this almost… dare I say,
I love you so much,
“Quit yapping. I’d save my energy if you’re so –” Steve slowed into a light jog, pivoting around just in time to see Tony double over with his hands on his knees, shoulders slumped as he tried to catch his breath. His brown hair was matted with sweat against his forehead.
“Tony, why are you still up?” No reaction. “Tony, you need to – JARVIS, shut off the music!”
Harley nodded vigorously, shoulders squaring as he stood taller. “Yes, sir, Mr. Rogers. Harley Keener.”
“It was like they were all trying to one-up each other over who was the most likely to get run out of office.” Steve closed his eyes, leaning into his touch and sighing. He raised a hand, wrapping his fingers lightly around Tony’s wrist. “Thanks for saving me, by the way.”
The bed was suddenly very cold without Tony in it with him; Steve didn’t need to linger on that thought because this was one and done. Stress relief. Just the one time between two bros helping each other out. They were an accident, him and Tony. A confusing accident. But a good accident. A satisfying accident. (Steve wouldn’t exactly be opposed to more accidents.)
. Steve instinctively licked his lips, tasting the faintest hint of whisky that Tony had left behind.
Tony was at Steve’s side then, hands resting loosely on the arm of the hospital bed. He could see the tears glistening in Steve’s eyes, making his own heart ache. In only three breaths, all his anger at Steve had melted away from his shoulders. When his boyfriend reached out to grab hold of his hand, Tony flexed to intertwine their fingers together, caressing a thumb over his bruised knuckles.
Tony was recovering in a replica of Helen’s cradle, hooked up to wires and monitors and tubes, but he was — alive. Breathing. It had been weeks already but Steve still couldn’t quite believe it. They told him they had to induce him into a coma, just to make sure he healed properly, but Steve was grateful all the same. He received texts from Sam and Bucky on occasion. Apparently, conspiracy theorists were claiming that Captain America was hiding out on the moon, and that definitely made Steve laugh harder than he had in a long time.
“We’re married,” Steve sighed happily, smiling wider. He pulled Tony beside him by the collar of his tuxedo, beaming as he stole a kiss. Tony recognized the taste of their red velvet cake on Steve’s lips. “We’re
The uproar was deafening, the Capitol citizens so wild that the Peacekeepers had to step in to calm everyone down for the next tribute interviewee. Tony passed Justin Hammer as he exited the stage, nodding to the Victor as he stepped on.
“Oh! Ha. Tony’s AI let me up after I showed it my invite,” Hammer answered smugly, eyes roving around the room and taking everything in, including the absurd expressions on each of the six Avengers’ faces.
The next time it happened, Steve realized that Tony must have felt it was two times too many. He was standing at the counter sipping at his coffee when Tony came in that morning, half-awake and clearly sluggish on his feet. Steve accepted the greeting kiss on his cheek, stiffening immediately upon remembering the mess of coffee grounds he’d left in the sink. From his seat at the counter, Bucky noticed the rod-straight posture right away, brows knitting together in question.
Rumor has it that Steve's on the moon.
A/N: For Uisce and Skeeter. Peter as Astro, Tony as Tenma, and Steve as Ocha
It was undoubtedly cold and windy when Tony got to the rooftop of Avengers Tower. He zipped up the front of his jacket, tucking his hands under his arms as he came out. The security door was propped open by a rogue brick, and he wondered briefly why the alarms hadn’t sounded until he saw the busted sensors in the top left of the door.
sometimes.” From the wide-eyed look on the kid’s face, Steve was forced to bite back a smile. “Keener, right?”
His eyes then flickered to the large plate of food that his boyfriend set down on the far side of the workbench; roasted green beans and garlic mashed potatoes doused in gravy. The seasoned smell of medium-rare steak wafted up his nostrils. Steve pressed a soft kiss to his temple, resting a light hand on the brunet’s shoulder.
Peter drove the couple hours back to his parents’ house in Malibu, finding only his Pops nursing a cup of coffee in the kitchen. “Hey, look who’s home!” Steve said, standing to pull his son into a bear hug. “Wasn’t expecting you back ‘til later.”
“Oh, damn. Should I change it? I knew it was too much—”
Steve's been harboring a centuries-long crush on his best friend. Tony finds out when one of Steve's love letters is displayed in a museum exhibit.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve and Tony had had their fair share of fights over the years, and even though they always made up, sometimes their arguments weighed heavily on Steve long after. Perhaps it was only the latent insecurities prodding at his edges, but Steve would catch himself wondering why Tony bothered staying with him after everything.
low in his chest before picking Tony up off his feet and tried carrying him to their king-sized mattress.
“Icee,” Tony supplied, reaching for a clear plastic cover. “It’s basically a frozen drink, like a slushed snow cone. Just ice, syrup, and probably a lot more sugar than is recommended for human consumption.” He stuck a red straw through the opening before taking a big pull. “It also stains your mouth blue.”
The next second, Steve had pulled him up by his shirt collar, smashing their mouths together in a harsh kiss.
that,” Steve all but growled. “We had… I don’t want to fight, not like –”
But mostly, it was the way Tony could never picture himself with anyone else. Steve was
Brushing his thumb across the tops of Tony’s cheekbones, Steve whispered, “Always.”
Also, I should've been writing other things but this took on a life of its own! Also I love my boys, so I had to. If you want the list:
to the public, but we’re surrounded by our family, and fuck it, this is the only time no one’s going to make fun of me for being emo, so I’m taking full advantage of it!”
They were chatting him up with fake smiles and less-than burning questions. Tony couldn’t really hear what anyone was saying from across the ballroom which was still buzzing with numerous other voices, and while Steve kept a bright smile on his face, he could tell from his body language that he was, in fact, not ‘fitting right in.’
Was it a bit late to be asking? Probably a little. But on God, Tony
tashabites has voted. 3 remaining.
be working the ‘Old Man’ stereotype.”
“Give me a break!” Tony shouted, taking a step in Steve’s direction. Exhaustion and defeat were evident in his voice as he pleaded, “I’m doing what has to be done. To stave off something worse.”
Tony’s chin jutted out. “Uh-huh.”
,” he grumbled, frowning for a moment before composing himself.
The genius set his tools down, his hands dropping to lay on his lap. He turned on the stool to face Steve, meeting his gaze with an easy-going smile and a full heart. Tony raised a hand to Steve’s cheek, stroking his thumb across Steve’s soft lips. He drew him into a kiss, unhurried and full of truly profound adoration.
being the operative word, because the next thing Tony knew, they were both sprawled across the floor just at the foot of the bed, a tangle of limbs and pained groans.
while Trickshot responded with,
in his hands. He blindly reached out for the brunet, pulling him in by the nape of his neck and crashing their mouths together again.
“Hey, you’re the one who asked,” Sam said, amused. “If I didn’t know any better, it sounds like you’re feeling like y’all
had planned.
Except for right now. Right now was not perfect. Tony and Steve both refused to let go of each other, breathing each other in, not breaking their kiss as they toed off their baroque shoes or tripped over the open luggage bags strewn across the floors or caught their pinkie toes on the corner of the coffee table.
Tony’s face scrunched up into a grimace. He looked like he’d just bitten into a sour lemon, and it made Steve snort out a laugh. “Oh,
The one person at Tony's funeral that Steve didn't recognize.
Victory: Impostors
“Oh, yes, the usual,” Tony said, pressing a quick kiss to Steve’s temple as he walked by. He made it a few steps before stopping abruptly, pivoting on his heels. “Ah. Nearly forgot.”
Tony approached Steve silently, walking up beside the blond whose gaze remained steady over the view of the New York skyline. In an attempt to save Steve from feeling crowded, Tony kept half a foot of space between them, leaning his weight against the ledge. He fought back a small smile when Steve, of his own volition, took the half-step needed in order to link their arms together.
A/N: Just need to give my betas and cheerers from the last chapter another shout-out because
Steve knew in his mind that it was a joke, of course it was, but Tony’s words hit him straight in the heart. It brought him back down to earth, back to the reality that yes, actually, their being together was bad news now that he was a wanted fugitive. Their being together could land them both in jail.
“Laura said she’d give me rewards points,” she contested, adding, “plus, the Marigolds are number one in the league right now.”
against Tony when he nipped at Steve’s lip and smoothed over it with a lick.
Tony hummed lowly, leaning back into Steve’s warmth. “There was an emergency at the office. Didn’t want to wake you,” he answered. He turned his head over his shoulder, accepting the sweetly chaste kiss that Steve offered. Steve’s hands ran up Tony’s sides, tucking underneath his shirt to splay cold fingers against bare skin, earning a sharp gasp from Tony. “Get away from me, you
They’d lost some people, allies from the Wakandans and SHIELD agents, but in the end they won. Even then, it didn’t feel like it because Tony wasn’t with them. Tony was gone, somewhere off in space, and Steve couldn’t do a fucking
“I love you,” Steve choked out, thumbing away the last remnant of wetness on Tony’s cheeks.
Steve blinked once before ducking under one of Tony’s arms, nodding to Peter who replaced his spot at Tony’s other side. With amusement lacing his words, Steve said, “I don’t think I ever imagined you willingly going to medical without arguing with me before.”
, Tony! Including you! HYDRA were going to – to –” His jaw trembled (barely, though Tony noticed), but a determined expression still washed over his features. “Goddamn it, sweetheart, I couldn’t
Tony interrupted him, “You lost the luxury of having choices when you refused to sign the damn Accords.”
Steve frowned slightly, sighing, “Tony…”
The sound of someone clearing their throat from the far end of the barn caused the two of them to jump apart. Steve instinctively stepped in front of Tony, reaching his arm back to cover his boyfriend. The tension in Steve’s shoulders didn’t go away until Nick Fury stepped out from the shadows.
Sorry professor
Et tu, Bruce?
Steve raised a questioning brow as he walked around the desk, leaning against the edge of it as Tony handed him an envelope. A look of confusion washed over Steve’s face as he stared down at the boarding passes. “Why are we going to London?”
“I didn’t have the money for MoMA when it first opened up,” Steve had revealed as they walked around the renewed museum. His hands were shoved in the pockets of his brown leather jacket. “But see, around ’35, uh, my best friend Bucky saved up enough money working the docks for the two of us. It was neat. The Van Gogh collection was pretty new back then, a hundred oil paintings and sketches and letters from abroad…”
They moved to face each other in the darkness of their room, nothing but the moonlight filtering in from the penthouse windows. His hands curled around Tony’s shoulders to hold him close. Tony’s fingers were light as they carded through Steve’s hair. Steve found Tony’s eyes in the dark, searching, and they shared a tentative kiss.
“Really, J? You fucking traitor.” Tony slumped back against Steve’s chest, pouting. He shouted up at the ceiling, “I wasn’t kidding about donating you to a city college!”
Tony preened, “Amazing, just like her daddy.”
“Sir,” JARVIS piped up, “you did in fact tell Captain Rogers that you would be retiring to your bedroom at half-past –”
Me to
“I was — I didn’t think you’d… you know, reciprocate. I was terrified.” Steve’s eyes fell, and he shifted his weight on his feet. “Still am, a little,” he confessed under his breath, avoiding Tony’s eyes.
“That place on Seventh?” Steve responded, angling his head to watch Tony appreciatively.
You're both lying liars
~*~*~*~
~*~*~*~
“Buck, it’s not that serious, let it go,” Steve started, grabbing him by the shoulder and hauling him back.
“I can feel you thinking,” Tony muttered against Steve’s chest, shifting slightly to press his face against the side of Steve’s throat. His lips left feather-light kisses just above Steve’s collar.
Don’t forget to scan the QR code or copy-paste this link to record your attendance – https://fury.shield.edu/mwf
There was nothing Steve wanted more than to memorize it all, to catalogue everything Tony gave him. (There was also something else that made Steve feel the possessive streak in him flare up, seeing the marks he left all over Tony’s skin.)
Tags: Wedding
Word Count: 568
for Steve’s gloves. The genius wasn’t a stranger to sexual kinks, but this was… He wanted them on his skin like he needed air to breathe. Every brush of it sent chills up Tony’s spine, and whenever Steve clasped a hand to the back of his neck, Tony just about melted down into his shoes.
He felt the corners of his lips turn up in a smile as he pressed a light kiss to Tony’s hair. “Come to bed,” Steve said, shifting his hands up to the brunet’s arms. He leaned down to kiss his shoulder.
“Yeah, sure. Why not?” He glances around the apartment. “But if you don’t mind, I’d rather we go back to my place. If you are interested.”
Steve could feel his cheeks heat up. He was glad his face was partially obscured by a giant bunny plush. “Just a bit,” he answered.
,” he cried out as he pushed into Steve. There was almost no resistance as he easily bottomed out.
“Are you okay?” Steve asked again, in English this time.
“JARVIS, save and close everything. And divert all of my calls until I wake up.”
Tony shrugged. “Could’ve been at the shabu shabu place or while I was drunkenly wandering around the city or even on the train. No point worrying about it at this rate.”
When Steve opened his eyes again, Tony was standing in front of him and pulling on white latex gloves as he turned toward a tray off to the side. Steve could just make out a container of some indistinct substance before he closed his eyes again. He’d rather not know too much about how all this worked. Instead, he focused on easing up and letting himself just enjoy this. Tony would take care of everything, and he trusted Tony to make this good, as bizarre as it all was.
“Having sex in an elevator isn’t exactly a
Tony nods. “Yeah, I’m fine.” He looks over to the fire burning in the hearth. It hits him that he’s completely naked, though considering what’s already happened it’s ridiculous to feel self-conscious now. His gaze darts back to Steve and he gestures at the floor. “Who told you to sleep on the floor?”
Tony grabbed Steve by the front of the shirt, crushing their lips together in a firm kiss to keep him from rambling on. “You’re the dumbest smart person I have ever met in my entire existence,” he said when they pulled away. Tony licked his lips, reveling in the taste of Steve on his tongue. “I’ve been in love with you since the Revolutionary War, you idiot.”
When the sun had started to set and casted brilliant reds and golds in the sky that reminded Steve of the Iron Man armor, he finally moved to head into the cabin with the others. He was surprised to find, however, one person kneeling at the edge of the lake with a frown on his face. The kid was blond, skinny, looked a little bit older than Peter was. Steve didn’t recognize him at first, but there was a story Tony had told him once about a Dora the Explorer watch that suddenly came to mind.
“That was
Steve barely spared a glance in his direction as he prepared the razor and shaving cream on the counter, shrugging. “What does it look like I’m doing, oh husband of mine?”
Who's laughing now, Stark?
“You taste like Jolly Ranchers.” Tony pulled back slightly, enough to mutter the words against Steve’s lips. “Must
“What are you gonna do, Rogers? Snitch on me?”
~*~*~*~
“Really? Is breaking and entering something we need to impress upon the children?” Steve retorted, his lips quirking up at the corners.
, God, Steve will never tire of that — in his arms just felt like kismet. Everything Steve had
“No. Fuck you.”
“You owe me a new door,” Tony said lightly, glancing at Steve from the corner of his eye.
Steve licked into his mouth, unafraid of being caught in their secret little corner. Tony’s mind went reeling at the taste of the peanut butter-topped dessert served earlier at dinner.
“You didn’t—”
it was, but he couldn’t find it in himself to look away. If he had, he probably never would have noticed the rods of green in Steve’s blue eyes. If he had, he never would have noticed how Steve swallowed when Tony’s gaze fell down to his lips.
My dear ole Honey Bear is gonna be out on a date with Carol apparently. I’d appreciate a ride :)
Today was a good day for her, and Steve was grateful for it. She’d been diagnosed with Alzheimer’s a few years ago, and according to her family, it could sometimes get really bad. Tony had tried to prepare Steve was much as he could, because she didn’t even recognize her own children sometimes. He hadn’t witnessed that personally, because he hadn’t visited in a long time, but their families remained close even after his parents died.
“Oh, I know.”
: his dads. Ever since he was a kid, they’d all go out together to a nice, fancy place for dinner, and that tradition hadn’t ended even after Peter went off to college.
Steve bit at the inside of his cheek, sighing loudly through his nose. He stared at the pair of fountain pens for a hard moment before looking at his boyfriend again. “Tony, I don’t know how signing away our lives on something we don’t even believe in can –”
The Hunger Games AU that nobody asked for.
“Stevie, my
“Really, Romanoff?”
Steve Rogers was so far gone on Tony Stark. Frankly, Steve hadn’t been able to glance away from Tony since they started the ceremony, the words of their officiant lost in the air. Tony, on the other hand, had barely looked Steve in the eye; at first it worried him, but then he saw the tears threatening to pool over, and Steve knew his husband-to-be was trying his damndest not to cry in front of everyone.
. Can't wait for the rest of our lives.
From: tstark@starkindustries.com
Steve’s first words to Tony were: “I… I thought you were in Germany,” and it took everything in him not to respond automatically with a biting reply. Heat coursed through his veins, and he wasn’t exactly sure what spurred it on.
Despite the growing ache in his own chest, Tony couldn’t imagine what Steve was going through. Not entirely. Tony descended the stairs, staying on the last step to be at eye level with his boyfriend. With a gentle hand, he reached forward to wipe the rogue tears from Steve’s face, smiling at him sadly.
“Tony, I told you to leave me
with Tony, which just didn’t happen.)
Very little is known of Storm’s and Prince Peter’s relationship behind the castle walls, but King Anthony had nothing but kind words to say about the former when inquired by the press. “Johnny has easily become like a second son to us,” King Anthony recounts. “He makes Peter happy, and that’s really all that Steve and I can hope for.”
“What are you insinuating, Rogers!?”
~*~*~*~
working for you?”
To: srogers@shield.edu
“What’s an…?”
“Yeah, just to let off some steam,” Steve agreed, head falling back into his pillows when Tony began to trail wet kisses down the column of his throat. He pulled his lip between his teeth when Tony’s left hand stroked his half-hard cock, his breath hitching slightly when Tony pressed a slicked-up finger into his hole.
“What exactly do you think you’re doing?” Tony inquired, leaning against the entrance to their en suite bathroom.
They ignored the wolf whistles and fake gagging from the people around them, as they always did. Tony pulled away from Steve with a broad smile, frosting staining his own cheeks and lips as he chuckled, “Happy birthday, honey.”
The Firefly AU no one asked for.
“You’re lucky you’re cute.”
“No, I –” Steve’s voice was wrecked, wavering on the edge of breaking. His breath was shaky as it stuttered in his chest, eyes glistening with tears when he turned to face Tony. “I’m fine,” he lied.
Steve was running his hands through his hair, peeling off his rain-soaked blazer, saying something that didn’t quite process in Tony’s head. The genius couldn’t really focus on anything except the way Steve’s lips formed around the words he spoke; the glitter in his blue eyes when he looked out to the darkened skies. Tony thought he was so goddamn beautiful, and it was worth throwing away the rest of his plan for.
Steve bowed his head to lean for the straw, but Tony instead caught him with a kiss. He swiped his tongue over Steve’s lips, licking into his mouth. Steve sighed into it, recognizing the undeniable taste of
“And so humble too,” Steve added, swallowing a laugh. “Also, you must be talking about her
reflection — in the bathroom mirror did he think anything was wrong. After all, it wasn’t every day that Steve woke up
Steve placed a hand on his forearm, and Tony let him. He closed his eyes when Steve made him face forward. “Look at me.”
“I what?” Tony tilted his head inquisitively, letting a small smile fall across his lips. Steve was only half a foot away, close enough to touch. When Tony looked up in his eyes, there was a mixture of fear and hope in them. Prodding teasingly, Tony tried, “Use your words, Steve.”
He responded with a quiet
Tony’s laugh traveled to their ears as he spotted his family waiting for him past the arrivals area. Steve grinned down at his husband as Tony approached, pulling his carry-on behind him. “Hi,” Steve greeted.
Tony’s brain was loud. Chaotic. Busy. It felt like Grand Central was rushing through Steve’s head with his thoughts going all at once, and the particular trend of hyper-focusing on certain tasks, and the getting easily distracted by the littlest thing. Steve had found himself reciting song lyrics in his head out of nowhere, or looking at a sentence and labeling the nouns, verbs, and prepositional phrases, or looking at certain structures and automatically calculating the angles of its architecture, or even having such intrusive thoughts that came unbidden to him.
; I’m in trouble.”
“Proof that Tony Stark has a heart.” It was engraved on the little stand Pepper had gotten made for Tony years ago, which held the original Arc Reactor that he’d built in that godforsaken cave. Steve watched sullenly as it floated off into the lake, surrounded by a raft of flowers that his husband would’ve made jokes about hating but secretly loved.
“They’re taking a big chance here,” Laura sighed.
Code: TBNTCS
“He was your best friend,” Tony said, cutting Steve off and pulling away to look him in the face. “If you think I’d be mad that you loved him, or-or that you still do, you got another thing comin’ for ya.” Tony cupped Steve’s face in his hands, brushing the pads of his thumbs across his cheeks. He gave Steve a hopeful, comforting smile. “Listen, I accepted a long time ago that I could never be him — and I don’t
Tags: immortals, love confessions, artist Steve Rogers, background Sam/Bucky
Sent from Mail on StarkPhone
“Steve,” Tony started, walking around the counter to stand in front of him, “why didn’t you
“Yes, with children. If we were to have any. The process for adoption is still kind of ass when it comes to same-sex couples, especially us with how volatile the entire Avenging thing is,” Tony elaborated, tapping around the screen of his tablet, “but I wouldn’t mind surrogacy either if you didn’t. I mean, I’d want to thoroughly vet whoever ends up carrying our child, and I can promise—”
that you went missing.”
~*~*~*~
Steve threw him a grimace, grumbling, “It’s the damn sweater. I can’t take my mind off of how much it itches.”
unwelcome, but Justin Hammer was like the annoying fly in the way that he continued to circle around when someone couldn’t quite kill it.
They had fallen straight into their old conversations as if the last seventy years hadn’t separated them, reminiscing on the high points of war and answering Tony’s questions, when he wasn’t sitting quietly, enthralled. Sharing stories and jokes and easing Steve’s misplaced guilt.
When Happy pulled up in front of Steve’s apartment complex in Brooklyn, Tony started saying his goodbyes. Feeling generously chivalrous, he leaned over Steve to reach for the door handle.
, Steve. You should’ve told me sooner.”
“It’s kind of, well,
, which Rhodey and Pepper could vouch for – but with Steve it was different. Even after their worst days, all he had to do was bat those thick lashes at him in the mornings, and things were okay again.
“That hurts, Stevie,” Tony said, appalled. He shifted the bags into one hand, raising the newly empty one over his heart. “Right here, literal pain.”
Steve and Tony throw caution to the wind and elope in Las Vegas.
Natasha huffed from her nose, reaching for her mug of hot chocolate. “Thor wouldn’t kill him. Probably.”
Steve pulled away, gasping, “Fuck – I’m sorry –”
“You paid — Tony!
. He loved the ocean-blue of Steve’s eyes, the curl of his lip when he smiled, the kindness of his heart, and most recently, the absolute filth that would come from his not-so-innocent mouth (eat your heart out, America).
Tags: Hunger Games AU, established relationship
Tony grinned sympathetically, reaching up to card his fingers through Steve’s blond hair. “That bad?”
Cho and Hill aww-ed in unison while Rhodey gagged and snorted out, “You guys are
Hill’s eyes had flickered to him over Steve’s shoulder, who stopped mid-sentence to turn around to see who she was looking at. The appearance of steely consternation melted away into absolute relief when his gaze fell upon Tony’s form.
with a person.” Tony huffed, sounding a little offended. “What’s it to you anyway? You sound surprised that I’ve still got game.”
American Bachelor Takes Carbonell by Storm
donuthole has voted. 1 remaining.
“Should’a known,” Steve said in jest, chuckling.
“Tony,” Steve pressed, throwing him a look.
Steve narrowed his eyes, taking it as a challenge. He was a master strategist, goddamn it, and he was going to use it to his advantage. His lips made quick work of Tony’s exposed neck, leaving open-mouthed kisses from his shoulder to just below his jaw. He sucked at the sensitive spot behind his ear, smiling to himself when Tony’s back arched and he leaned into the feeling.
To: tony.stark@shield.edu
“It’s no surprise that I looked up to Captain America most of life. He was the pinnacle of science, the hero that the world never deserved. He was strong and brave and packed one hell of a swing, according to all the Hitler actors he accidentally punched during his show-tour days.” That earned a ripple of laughter from the guests and a new color on Steve’s cheeks. “I’m never — I don’t tend to show, you know,
Like tasting an ocean after a storm, Steve tasted himself on Tony’s tongue, heady and lingering. Unlike the salty waters of the sea, Tony had never taken anything away from him; in fact, he amplified everything that he touched. And because of it, Steve knew that Tony had him hook, line, and sinker.
that was sitting real pretty in the middle of the 1800’s section of
Tony took a breath, and then another, and then continued: “I may have idolized Captain America, but I fell in love with
"This is who I am. Onward and upward... Dad."
Word Count: 729
Tony leaned back into the gaudy and uncomfortable seat, tugging at the cuffs of his suit jacket before taking a glance over the Capitol citizens in the audience. “I have to be honest with you, J, it kind of makes me miss home. Although, I can’t complain too much.”
Jameson forced a laugh, asking, “Oh, yeah? And why’s that?”
Me to
have pains!”
“Sam Wilson, yeah, hi, Nat briefed me about your
“No, Steven, with Sophia the AI.
~*~*~*~
“You’re
Tony walked further into the room, letting the glass door shut behind him. Steve turned to face him, watching the slender case he held in his hand. “I pulled something from Dad’s archives,” he continued, laying the jacket of his suit on a cabinet. “Felt timely.”
“Protection?” Steve snapped back. “Is that how you see this? It’s internment, Tony –”
Brown eyes searched blue ones, seeing the raw emotions swimming in the vastness of the ocean. A small smile tugged at the corners of Tony’s mouth. Attempting to lighten the mood, he said, “Is this payback for when I didn’t call you about the Mandarin blowing up my house?”
Tony’s entire body jerked in surprise, and Steve had to press his lips together to fight the amused smirk tugging on his lips. The brunet placed a hand over his own chest, giving him a soft glare as he hissed, “Jesus, make some noise when you move! A guy’s got a fuckin’ heart condition.”
~*~*~*~
“All negotiations are
Tony came across him on the main deck, speaking with Maria Hill and Cameron Klein about prioritizing medevacs and providing food for the rescued people on board. With Steve facing away from him, Tony could see that the iconic red, white, and blue suit was dirtied by ash, mud, and what Tony hoped
My eyes!
Steve interrupted Tony with a chaste kiss, and then another, lingering. “I love you, doofus,” he confessed, his face splitting in a grin.
WarMachineRox has voted. 4 remaining.
Steve’s lips migrated to the line of his jaw, peppering it with wet kisses as he trailed them down the skin of Tony’s neck. He nipped at the hollow of Tony’s throat, licking a line back up to capture his mouth once more. “Would you let me do whatever I wanted with you?” Steve whispered against his mouth, sucking on Tony’s bottom lip. “Would you let
A/N: Updated on 10/10/21 with some Sam content!
“You’re such an annoying bastard sometimes, you know that?”
The frown on Steve’s lips deepened as he tried to blink back the tears. Tony pressed his forehead against Steve’s comfortingly, silent, cupping his face in his hands. A stifled sob escaped Steve’s lips before another followed suit, wracking through his chest.
“Speaking of old white guys, Steve seems to be fitting right in,” Clint pointed out, tossing a nod over to where the blond was surrounded by star-struck state senators.
, really, in their situation? It wasn’t
“I did
“Uhh… Security breach?” Tony piped up, blinking twice in succession when he spotted his old business rival stepping out from the private elevators.
Tags: College AU, embarrassed Steve, flirting(?)
,” Tony elongated, walking past his long-time friend and straight to the kitchen. There was a short silence that passed as Tony set the folder down onto the counter, moving to rummage through the refrigerator for some food. He didn’t even hear Steve get off the couch, let alone walk across the room, but Tony wasn’t too surprised to see the blond standing at the counter with the folder wide open.
There was no malice in Tony’s words, just a poignant fact. It wasn’t like they’d never talked about it before. The two of them had stepped off on the wrong foot when they first met almost four years ago, all due to wrongfully preconceived expectations; Steve realized that today wasn’t the first time Tony had extended the metaphorical olive branch.
A/N: HT did a digital manip for this fic for the 2020 What2Finish charity auction!
They wound around each other, refusing to let go even to replenish their lungs with air. Steve and Tony breathed each other in, pouring every bit of misery and adoration and need and
Tony snorted, clapping a hand over his mouth in an attempt to stifle it. “You’re so lucky you’re cute.”
“The only person I know with a birthday in April was…” Steve trailed off slowly, his wide eyes panning up to meet Tony’s. As his blue orbs glistened with tears, realization dawned on him. “Are we…?”
~*~*~*~
“What the hell is he doing here?” Natasha muttered under her breath, throwing a look in Tony’s direction. “I thought he was in jail—”
look on your otherwise handsomely stoic face.”
, pouring the black liquid of life into his red-white-and-blue cup. Steve pivoted on his heel, stepping around Tony and reaching for the creamer sitting beside him. “So,” he started, “you have any plans for the week? Apart from screaming at the news. And burning the oven when you hopped on that bread-baking trend. And staring at your ceiling until four in the morning reflecting on the state of the world.”
,” Tony said in mock-offense, shaking his head teasingly. “The betrayal.”
A grin painted itself on Tony’s face, a chuckle escaping his lips. “If only the world knew just how insatiable you were, Mr. Rogers-Stark.”
I’m done. Okay. Bye everyone, this class is ending 15 mins early today.
wouldn’t be… Look, I’m trying to – what do you call it?” Tony pulled out one of the chairs, sitting as he finished with, “That’s, uh, an olive branch.”
Tony shrugged Steve off, making a point to avoid looking in his boyfriend’s direction. “Stop, stop! You and Barnes need to
Tony always cried during weddings, so it was only just that he’d cry at his own. The tears Tony had fought so hard to keep back left trails down his cheeks when he started to recite his vows. But Steve was there, like he promised to be, wiping away those tears with the handkerchief tucked into his breast pocket. Tony made a joke about trademarking Gucci Tears, and with the wave of laughter washing over the small crowd of their closest friends seated in the pews, Tony found his composure.
“I’ll have to arrest you if I do.”
“Yeah,” Tony agreed, moving to bite at Steve’s bottom lip. He twisted his fingers into Steve’s hair, licking past his teeth. “I have — an idea,” he said in between kisses, against Steve’s lips. “Let’s go be idiots in bed together.”
A/N: Set from 2018 to 2020s. Also, yes, there is a scene in here inspired by
“Not tonight. Just be in the moment with me, honey. We can think and make important decisions later.”
Steve placed his hands on his hips, shaking his head. “It’s late, and it’s a school night.”
“Oh God, what is that—” He flinched as the strange sensation quickly became a strong pressure. It seemed to increase rapidly every second until it felt like even Steve’s stretched hole wouldn’t be able to accommodate whatever this was.
Or maybe… Steve thought back to what he could remember of what happened. Sure, he liked Tony… but could he really assume that Tony felt the same? He would’ve done the same thing Tony did had their situations been reversed and wouldn’t have judged his teammate. But maybe Tony… maybe it was different for him.
Steve grit his teeth as he came, spilling over his hand and adding to the mess in his boxers and on the sheets. He shut his eyes and tried to steady his breathing through the post orgasmic high. He couldn’t deny that thoughts of Tony got him off so much faster than anything else. Of all the things he’d learned from that whole incident, this was definitely the most surprising.
“Tony?” He asked into his comm. “Any idea of what was being kept in this room?”
“Tony,” he said as he pulled back reluctantly. He almost lost his train of thought when his eyes caught how swollen Tony’s lips had become. “Shouldn’t we… take this somewhere else?”
He was tempted to roll his eyes. Tony could be so controlling when it came to missions. He was about to tell him that he had everything under control when he felt something bump against his leg. He glanced down to find that the creature had crawled all the way over to him. No longer curled up, it was now crawling across the floor on its dozens upon dozens of legs toward him. Smiling to himself, he reached down to pet it.
Steve held a hand up. “It’s fine, Bruce. I trust you.”
Steve moaned around Tony’s cock even as tears filled his eyes. Tony’s words felt like hot coals pressing against his skin. Meanwhile, the bug continued to cradle his cock with one end and rub over his sensitive nipples with its other. Held as tightly as he was, all he could do was squirm and take whatever Tony gave him.
Steve starts mentally going through the bills for the month: what he can pay now and what he’ll have to defer yet again. Even if he somehow had gotten the job today, he probably wouldn’t have been able to start until next week. Who knows when his first paycheck would even clear? There’s most likely another long conversation with his landlord in his future. Sighing, he leans against the wall closest to the elevator panel.
At the very least he could get the bottle to the man’s lips. Sure enough, he drank gratefully once he was able to. He emptied the small bottle in no time before pulling back with a gasp.
“If you put them inside me…” Steve couldn’t help feeling off-kilter. “How… are they going to come out?”
He flinched when Tony squeezed out a small bit of lube onto Steve’s stomach.
Not like Tony had been watching the cameras outside of Bruce’s lab or anything. He did his best to act surprised.
For a second, Steve’s confused. And then the meaning of Tony’s words hit him. “Are you seriously asking me out?”
Tony’s expression was carefully neutral. “Doing what?”
Tony knows Steve’s right. They’re a mess right now, and if he falls asleep now he’ll regret it when he wakes up. He just can’t seem to convince his limbs to move.
When Steve turns Tony back to face him, his eyes are wide and his mouth open slightly. At that moment it hits Tony that Steve really
,” he cried out as he came one last time, the creature’s legs milking his cock even more. He threw his head back, writhing in ecstasy as the pleasure reached higher and higher. His mind was a fractured mess of sensation and thoughts of Tony.
Steve glanced at the offending door, immediately noticing the pink sign indicating that this was the women's floor.
Steve took up a fighting stance to match hers. “Sounds like a plan.”
Steve stifled a yawn as he stood in the crowded train in his own little space carved out partially by the duffel bag sitting between his legs and the fact that his height made him stand out. He glanced around over the dark-haired heads of the car’s other occupants, all of whom were occupied on their phones or asleep. Tokyo was like nothing he’d ever seen before, not even like New York. The city was far more crowded, more chaotic, and yet also calmer than the city he’d grown up in.
“I’m fine, JARVIS. Does Bruce have those CT scans ready yet?”
“Nope. You never let me mope around when I felt like shit. Gotta return the favor.” He grasps Steve’s leg tightly. “So, what’s up?”
Tony positioned himself in between Steve’s legs in the stirrups. From what Steve could tell, there was just enough space for him to stay on his knees comfortably. As Tony steadily adjusted the position of the stirrups, some distant part of Steve’s mind that wasn’t dealing with the onslaught of sensations wondered if Tony planned this when he designed this whole setup. Knowing Tony, that was probably the case. He couldn’t help smiling to himself as Tony leaned forward to kiss him.
Tony responds by pulling Steve close for a heated, sloppy kiss. He revels in the rough friction of Steve’s stubble against his lips and chin before adding, “Feels
“The pheromones that that creature secreted were incredibly strong. From what I can tell, it would have completely overwhelmed any baseline human being. Looking at their chemical makeup, they would have likely increased a person’s heart rate well past safe levels.”
That remark just makes Steve furrow his brow. “That’s not necessarily a good thing, Tony.”
He was still staring down at the neat, folded leather in disbelief. He could see Steve’s smug grin out of the corner of his eye. As he started to go through it, he realized that everything was there. “Driver’s license, credit cards, even my cash… wow,” Tony said, finally glancing up at Steve. Even his black Amex was safely ensconced in its pocket.
. You have no idea.”
Tony lets Steve place his hand on his shoulder so he can turn him over to check his back.
“This is the New York Fire Department. We’re preparing to get you out. Is there anyone else in there with you?”
Tony blinks a few times as a familiar face comes into focus. The next thing he notices is that the air is surprisingly warm, and he can hear a fire crackling in the distance. And then he remembers—escaping the jet, getting hit, finding this cabin with Steve.
At that, Tony actually looks somewhat bashful as he glances away briefly. “Well… it’s my fault that your interview got cut short. So I figured an in-person apology was the least I could do.”
Steve sits down on the edge of the cot and sets his arms on his thighs. “This is going to sound ridiculous.”
“Barely,” Tony admits. He feels Steve’s chuckle rumble through his chest.
Steve shook his head vigorously. He did want this. Not to mention that he’d already prepared and had a butt plug shoved up his rear. There was no way he was going to waste all this effort. “No, no. It’s not that I don’t want to do this.” He wasn’t sure exactly why he was hesitating, to be honest. “I guess it’s just… I just want to take time to ease into things?”
Tags: angst
“Anthony, you’re looking more and more like Howard every day.”
to Me
Tags: body swap, magic, developing relationship
.” Tony tightened the grip he had on Steve’s uniform before letting go. He took in one last breath, filling his lungs with Steve’s familiar scent as it mixed with the cold air.
Tony started to laugh. He reached up to cup Steve’s face, consciously avoiding the stitches and the darker bruise surrounding his eye. Leaning forward, Tony left small, feather-light kisses across his forehead, his brow, his cheeks, his chin, until he pressed a chaste kiss to the corner of Steve’s busted lip.
“Nothing!”
When Tony invited Justin Hammer to the Avengers' holiday celebrations, he never thought the guy would actually
“You are never leaving me behind again,” Steve muttered against his lips, feeling his chest ache from the relief.
He wasn’t sure what possessed him to stop the kiss, pushing against Steve’s shoulders, to ask seriously, “Do you want to do this?”
When he’d made it up the flight of stairs to the third floor, Steve felt immediately drawn to the first hallway with its walls painted red. There were short displays of what looked like thin cannons – swivel guns, he read when he stepped closer to the cards. The hairs on the back of Steve’s neck prickled when he sensed someone approach him, but one glance out of the corner of his eye made him relax.
Tony watched as the gears whirred in Steve’s head, almost like he was racking through his brain to figure out whose birthday he was forgetting.
“I might’ve done the same, if it was Rhodey. Who knows.” Tony began to pet at Steve’s hip, caressing his side. The smirk he wore was clear in his voice as he said, “It goes both ways; I protect you from things too. Like, catching you whenever you fall. Hiding the fact that your uniform does
The Daily Bugle
Tony gave himself one moment to reboot his brain before he started to laugh, shoulders shaking with the action. “God, I love you so much,” he confessed, lowering his leg until he was leaning on both knees. He pressed a short, fleeting kiss to Steve’s lips as they blindly moved to slip their respective rings onto each other’s fingers.
“I don’t — I’ve never looked at him like… like any way. You’re seeing things.”
“Do you know how fucking
Steve licked his lips, stating, “Only for a little bit lo—”
Ha not yet
week of Steve’s life. He didn’t really know what to do with himself after Tony, the kid, and that wizard guy had been taken up on that…
“Stop scratching,” Tony huffed, lightly smacking Steve’s hand away when he came to his side. “Super-soldier healing or not, you’ll just irritate your skin.”
Steve laughed and only curled himself around Tony in response, wrapping his arms around his husband. Tony felt a broad grin on Steve’s lips when he kissed the back of his neck, nuzzling into his hair briefly. “Is that any way to greet your husband on your first wedding anniversary?”
Steve and Tony's senior quotes.
If Steve had any other doubts in his mind about Tony’s decision, they were quickly erased by the kiss they shared. It was something fierce, so perfect and wholly
The only downside of Tony loving holidays, especially Christmas, was that he forced Steve to wear embarrassingly ugly sweaters every year. Sweaters that were undoubtedly eye sores and made his skin itch like a motherf –
Tags: crackfic, Christmas, Hammer's a little shit
He looked up just in time to see Steve walk in through the door of his office, wearing his new specially designed, SHIELD-issued tactical suit. Tony’s higher brain functions almost stopped entirely when the blond threw him a cheeky grin.
“Oh! Huh. Mistletoe. I wonder who put that there,” Tony said sarcastically, biting back a cheeky grin. He turned to Steve, shrugging dramatically.
Tony snorted, brows knitting together. He reached up to squish Steve’s face in his hand, saying pointedly, “That’s what I got you for, babe.” He threw an over-dramatic wink before stepping away, depositing his mug into the sink and heading for his bedroom.
Steve felt Tony shift under the blanket, and suddenly he felt eyes staring at the back of his head. There were a few tense moments before the genius started to speak. “Honey, we shouldn’t go to bed mad at each other.”
But then Steve was slotting his mouth to his, the kiss breathless and tired and sweaty. The warmth spread from his chest to the ends of his limbs, and Tony realized it was
“I think I’d rather swallow a grenade,” Bruce responded.
Steve had once told Tony that he'd never be the man who would make the sacrifice play, and Steve hates it with his whole being that Tony chose this time to prove him wrong. Steve's laid Tony down because he didn't look comfortable
God, were they perfect together.
Steve couldn’t help the childish giggle that came from him, twisting out of Tony’s embrace and darting around the kitchen island.
“JARVIS: Mute,” he said before JARVIS could answer Bruce’s question.
Steve nodded again.
“You love it, don’t you?” Tony asked.
Steve threw his head back, eyes closed. His throat was exposed, and Tony’s eyes followed his Adam’s apple as it bobbed. He couldn’t resist leaning forward to mouth at it as he slowly pulled back out of Steve.
Steve narrowed his eyes. “Tony…”
“Y-yeah. Just like you said.”
“Did you mean it?”
The man’s gaze is piercing as he seems to look for something in Steve’s expression. “The way I see it: I want you, and you smell like you want me, so…” His voice is firm; completely unlike a stereotypical omega, as he says, “So get over here and fuck me, already.”
Tony shook his head as he pushed the images from his mind. He was
“Kind of hard not to when you just tossed off your protective gear.”
Steve couldn’t help a nervous, almost hysterical chuckle as he did his best to comply. “I’m starting to wonder just what the hell I signed up for.”
“That’s helpful, but not something you should be worrying right now. You should probably get out of there, Cap.”
It’s a mark of how tired Tony is that he doesn’t even bother pushing himself up to get a better view of Steve’s ass.
Steve held up a finger to his lips. “How about we keep that our little secret?”
Bruce looked unimpressed. “Tony… you’d better not be blowing me off.”
“Good. I don’t think we have time to check the wreckage of the jet.” Steve crosses his arms, though it also looks like he’s trying to keep himself warm. “We’ll have to find shelter.”
like a nice enough person. “Not a soulmate?” he repeats before he can stop himself.
. A wave of discomfort hits him hard, the stomach cramps from earlier getting worse, and he leans against the wall for support. His vision starts to blur, and the cramps eventually settle into a deep ache in his gut. What the hell? This feels like what he’d expect from the second day of his heat, not the gradual build up of the first day that he remembers. This is why he despises his heats—they’re a battle against his own biology.
He mentally added humiliation to the list of things he’d learned about in the 21st century that get him off as he thought back to Tony’s degrading comments from the dream. Late at night in the confines of his own room, he could let himself indulge in the fantasy. Tony in the dream had been right, he’d happily bare himself for him and let Tony fuck him. His hand sped up on his cock as he imagined how Tony’s voice would sound as he told Steve what he was going to do to him.
After settling back, Tony started unceremoniously removing his shirt. He moved onto his pants next. Even in his post-orgasm haze, Steve couldn’t miss how impressively Tony’s erection tented the front of his briefs. Tony turned to him with a sultry look before slowly pulling them downward. His cock sprung free, already fully erect and flushed red. Just the thought that Steve had done that to Tony without even touching him was enough to make him moan.
The other man lets out what sounds like a giggle. “You’re wrong about that. I just met you today and I can already tell you have a winning personality.” He smiles up at Steve.
Steve shook his head fervently. “N-no, it didn’t.”
“Am I going to like this plan?”
Steve seems to hesitate once he’s down to his boxers. Tony notices how Steve’s shoulders are tense. Finally, he turns to face Tony, and well… Tony can see why he was hesitant. There’s an impressive erection tenting his boxers. Going by the size of the bulge, he’s packing heat, too. Tony realizes he’s staring and snaps his gaze up to meet Steve’s eyes, whose expression is unreadable.
On the screen, Steve had just torn his own underwear apart and was jerking himself off. He didn’t even seem to notice as the creature started wrapping itself around him. Hell, if the audio was anything to go by; the more the creature crawled over him, the more he was enjoying himself.
“Tony...!” he cried out softly. The warm metal of Tony’s gauntlet gripping his arm was reassuring. “I…” It was hard to keep speaking. He was so, so tired, but he wanted to at least tell Tony how he felt. “...want you,” he managed to whisper, his voice strained. And then everything went black.
“At this point? Probably not.” Steve thinks back to what Tony, or rather, Mr. Stark’s assistant had told him on the car ride back home. She’d seemed understanding about the whole thing, and sure, sometimes crazy shit like this happens. Mr. Stark was adamant that everything was consensual, which it was… but still. How could he start working at the company after that? How could he even go back into that building? “Definitely not,” he corrects.
By the time Tony was finally able to tear himself away, Steve was carrying a bag of god-only-knew what and walking alongside Tony, who seemed like he was on cloud nine. It reminded him of the time he’d been dating his ex Peggy before they’d decided to just be friends. She’d go shopping and Steve would happily help to lug home the ‘spoils of war,’ as she’d call them. Not that this was a date or anything, Steve told himself while trying to ignore the blooming warmth in his chest.
“Not your fault,” Steve said as he shut the locker. “Like I said, I overslept. So… I guess I’m free.” His eyes roved over Tony for a moment before he added, “Don’t you want to go back to your hotel and change?”
That got him a nice grin, all teeth, from Tony. “You got it, Cap.”
“I’m fine,” he insisted. And he was. Even if it had hit him with some dangerous chemical, he’d either heal from any damage it caused or his metabolism would take care of it.
True to his word, Steve takes things slow. Considering how big he is, though, Tony can feel the drag against every last inch of his inner walls. Before long, the only sounds in the room are the distant crackling of the fire and Steve’s heavy breathing.
Tony huffed out a laugh. He really did have the sassiest AI. “Yeah, I had a feeling it was something like that.”
Bruce glanced up at him as he put his glasses back on. He looked tired, but not necessarily worried.
That was when Steve glanced down and realized why Tony’s hand felt different. There was a definite bulge to his stomach, smoothing out the usually well defined lines of his abdominal muscles.
Steve nodded again as he let his head sit against the headrest. “Do your worst, Stark.” He already so full, but he wanted more than anything to keep going.
“Mmm, you’re heavy,” he hears Tony say, as though from the end of a tunnel.
“But you can have this one,” Tony said as he held up a golden retriever plush. It was really cute. “Reminds me of you.”
The omega rolls his eyes at him. “Ya know, if we’re gonna do this, we might as well be on a first name basis at the very least, huh?” He raises himself on his elbows and offers Steve a lopsided smile. “I’m Tony. You?”
“Yeah,” Steve responded. Speaking always felt like a lot of effort when he was like this.
Steve nodded. “But I wouldn’t say no to a drink or something.”
“Keep ‘em closed,” Tony ordered as Steve felt him move slightly closer.
Steve let his head fall back against the makeshift pillow made by the creature’s soft body with a sigh. He realized dazedly that the creature’s other end was moving down his back. Obligingly, Steve arched his back to give it more space between himself and the cool floor. Everything was starting to blur together as pleasure continued to thrum through his entire body.
“Ah?”
He went ahead and removed his gloves, too. Now that his hands were free, he noticed how much the hazmat mask was digging into his skin; so he reached up and removed that too. He took a full breath and let it out with a sigh of relief. The air was just fine, anyway. Better than fine, even. It smelled… pleasant. Soothing, in a way. Like that massage parlor that Tony had taken the team to once.
“What the hell?!” he couldn’t help yelling out as he backed against the wall. Except the way was too close and didn’t give him much room to maneuver. Tony wasn’t one to get claustrophobic usually, but since when did he wake up locked in a tube with some random person?
“Wow.” Bucky sounds honestly surprised. “This is worse than when you and Peggy broke up, isn’t it?”
Laughing, Bruce shakes his head. “Life’s too short—that’s the philosophy I’ve settled on.”
“Well what do you know, neither do I.” Tony wasn’t prepared for how brilliant Steve’s smile was.
Tony turned away from fiddling with something off to the side to face Steve. He had that manic expression that Steve associated with Tony lacking sleep. “Absolutely not.”
Tony’s eyes widen in realization.
“Well, doc? What’s the diagnosis?” Steve couldn’t help asking, feeling the corner of his mouth twitch up a bit. Might as well find the humor in this situation and run with it. That’s how he’d kept his sanity over the past day and a half, anyway.
Bruce nods. “It’s very similar to what the studies I’ve read described. Accelerated heats, alphas going into rut in a shockingly short amount of time…”
He was taken out of his thoughts when he heard Tony approach. Glancing up, Steve noticed that he’d pulled on a pair of slacks. He smiled when he felt Tony’s fingers lightly caressing his cheek. “Got you a nice cold sports drink. Figured you probably need some electrolytes after all this.”
Steve felt like he was burning up from the inside. His skin was electric, every touch magnified by a hundred. Whereas the creature’s countless legs had looked unnerving before, he couldn’t get enough of them now. Even with his uniform and undershirt removed, it wasn’t enough. He wanted more. It wasn’t long before his cock hardened to the point it was tenting the fabric of his uniform pants and straining against it. He’d never unfastened his pants so fast in his life. The second he managed to pull his zipper down, he let out a sigh of relief. The end of the creature, now cradling his neck and shoulders, brushed against his cheek as though encouraging him. The contact sent another wave of pleasure through him and he moaned.
When he’d started sleeping with Tony… well, Tony always insisted on making sure his partners were satisfied.
“Help…”
That got Steve thinking. He glanced around the café, noticing the cutesy Christmas decorations spanning across the walls. The people working the counters were even wearing Santa hats with their uniforms. It was a weird feeling, seeing Christmas celebrated like this. Way different from how it was back home.
Tony shot him a skeptical look. “Police station? Why? I’m sure someone’s cleaned the whole thing out by now and dumped it somewhere.”
Tony scrubs a hand over his face as he sits back in his very expensive, ergonomic office chair and laments his existence.
Tony attempts to shrug, hisses at the pain, and decides that’s a bad idea. “Guess we’re even, then.”
By the time they were done, they left the gym tired but in good spirits.
“Fuck,” he mutters.
His cock had barely flagged after his last orgasm and seemed to be having no trouble whatsoever getting back to full mast. This time the egg passed through before Steve went over the edge. He was keyed up and desperate to come by the time third egg-like object was pushing its way into him. Once it reached its widest point pushing against his entrance, he was gone. His back arched off of the table when he came. When he finally settled down, he was starting to actually sweat.
Tony winced. “Thirty minutes.”
He finally convinced himself to chance a look back at the screen. Steve had gone quiet, and Tony needed to make sure the creature didn’t suddenly decide to eat him or something.
“Take your time!” Tony lies back in the couch, looking as comfortable—as if he lived there.
Steve’s moan against Tony’s lips is gratifying, which prompts Tony to wrap his hand around the base of Steve’s cock.
“You could do with some excitement,” Bucky points out. “You’ve been running yourself ragged, man. Don’t think I haven’t noticed.”
Crossing his arms, Tony leaned back against the wall. “I’m afraid I can’t let you go in. JARVIS is reporting a likely biohazard situation. Your suit is built for a lot of situations, but hazmat isn’t one of them.”
He distinctly remembers yelling some expletive before spiraling out of control toward the ground. Thankfully, Tony still has the presence of mind to bank into a decent enough landing; if plowing through a few feet of snow at a low angle can be considered decent. He turns so that he takes the brunt of the impact, Steve clinging to him like his life depends on it.
“Ten out of ten, would let you put nanotech in my ass again.” Steve opened one eye and turned his head to look up at Tony. “How’s that for feedback?”
.” Steve can’t help it, his hips push forward with more force as he closes his eyes. There’s nothing he wants more in this moment than to fill Tony with his spend—until he looks pregnant with it, until anyone who sees him will know, without a doubt, that he’s Steve’s.
,” Steve cried as his orgasm kept going. All of those legs stroking just prolonged it. He was making a mess of himself and the creature, his come spattering across its legs and underbelly and Steve’s own chest that the creature was also wrapped around. Never in his life would he have imagined that anything could feel like
“Tony,” Steve gasped. “
The receptionist smiles at that. “Thank you for your time, Mr. Rogers. Do you need to have your parking validated?”
As his vision started to narrow and darken, he glimpsed a flash of red and gold in his peripheral vision. The thought that Tony was so close sent a wave of relief through him. He put his last ounce of strength into reaching up for the metal-clad figure.
Tony rubbed at his nose, wondering if his workshop was dustier than it seemed. That’s what he got for putting DUM-E on dusting duty.
Swearing under his breath, he hopped up off of the padded bench and did his best to undo any of the damage. Unfortunately, even once he’d removed the weights and set them back on the stack, the top part of the machine’s frame was bent horribly out of shape. Steve sighed. There went another piece of gym equipment.
Tony had covered him up with a blanket to keep him warm and preserve what little modesty the man had left.
He finally opened his eyes when he felt a faint tickling sensation. Tony was leaning over him, swiping a finger through the mess on his stomach and chest. He groaned at the sight alone as Tony licked his fingers. The tender skin was oversensitized so that even the the soft glide of Tony’s finger over it was almost overwhelming.
“You said you can get a distress signal working, even through this blizzard, with the armor, right?”
Steve turned back around to see Natasha strolling into the gym like she’d just arrived, though he doubted that was the case. She was wearing a gym tank top and yoga pants with an expensive looking pair of running shoes.
Tony narrows his eyes. “Is this person the only person in the whole world who I’m super compatible with? Or what?”
Steve nodded, though he wasn’t sure if Tony could see it. “I-I can.” He took a sharp breath when Tony pulled on the plug a little.
One of the appendages brushed against his cock and Steve let out a loud, wanton moan. When he tried to move, he realized that he was being held in place. Glancing down he realized he was wrapped up in the long body of that strange, bug-like alien again. Distantly, he knew that this should bother him more than it was at the moment. He just couldn’t think why. Everything felt so good, he couldn’t stop the shudders running through him the pleasure that reached all the way to the tips of his toes and his fingers.
“Ah, sorry,” Tony breathes. “Sensitive down there.”
Steve gasped and arched against Tony as he came hard between them. Tony only lasted a few more second before he reached his own climax. The way Steve’s muscles contracted around his cock felt mind-meltingly good as he rode out his aftershocks shallowly fucking Steve...
Tony wasn’t sure
No, wait. No, that was a lie.
~*~*~*~
Warmest regards,
“I’m not going anywhere.” Tony pressed his lips against the heavy thrum of his pulse. “I promise.”
“Come on! I can’t miss this, I’m invested. I have a hundred dollars on this game.”
to look genuinely remorseful. “The alarm kept going off.”
“He-he told you about that?”
“Tony,” Steve choked out, breathing hard. “Don’t. I can’t — I don’t want to hurt you.”
Steve’s arms wrapped around Tony’s waist, forcing them to waddle away to give the brunet some privacy. Tony held onto Steve’s wrists, turning his head over his shoulder to smile at him. “Someone’s handsy today,” he remarked, grinning.
Steve’s lip quivered, his eyes glistening with wetness as tears pooled. A smile tugged at the corners of his mouth. “I’m sorry for shutting you out,” he said quietly, sniffing.
“Not even… this?”
Tony was almost feral in the mornings without his coffee (unless he’d just finished a 72-hour bender, because that was a
Ignoring Hammer, Natasha elaborated about her footwear, “They’re Louboutin. No one will notice the extra red.”
A/N: I really wanted to lean into Tony comforting Steve a bit here bc I tend to see more Steve comforting Tony in other fics, and I wanted to be ~quirky~ Also, it's been months since i last updated, so i hope y'all enjoy this lengthier chapter with kisses 31-40!
Tony sniffed, choking out a little laugh. “I’ll choose door number two, I think.”
horny at the same time.”
Steve pouted, “I’m sitting right next to you.”
“Who the hell put coffee grounds in the sink?” Tony complained, staring into it with a disgruntled look. “Living on the run’s turned you all into animals, I swear to God.”
on Steve’s face before he pulled his own shirt over his head.
And then he kissed him one more time, just because he could.
“And can nothing I do convince you to tell me what it is you’ve got complaints about?”
“A little bit of home is here with me.” Tony flashed his signature smirk, turning to stare straight into one of the cameras. Multiple people cheered out of turn while others murmured amongst themselves, curious.
Word Count: 3,895
Steve planted a firm kiss to Tony’s temple after brushing back some rogue strands of hair. “Go to medical. Right now.”
~*~*~*~
“Hey, no, come on.” Steve moved to block his path, raising a hand. He frowned at the shorter man. “As team leader, I can’t in good conscience –”
Tony realized one day when Steve came down to the workshop in full tac gear to ask about weaponry repairs that he had a very deep
Helicarriers, which are sitting real pretty in the Potomac.”
you believe everything they say?”
A/N: After a whole year and just under 23k words later, this series is finally finished!! It's kind of bittersweet, but I also wanna thank y'all for following along and showing your support for this despite the long ass wait XD
“You know,” said Tony breathing heavily, blinking up at his boyfriend, “when I said I’d let you break my back any time you wanted, I didn’t mean it like
“Very well, Captain
“Okay. Case closed,” he said quickly, glancing over everyone sitting in the common room. “I win.”
The blond zeroed in on him, hastening up his jog. His sneakers, which were obviously drenched, squished and squeaked as he approached. Steve ducked under the refuge of the tiny umbrella, panting, “Went out for my run.”
Anthony Stark:
nine-years-old.” The genius rarely blushed, but his face was tomato-red with embarrassment at the mention of his old Captain America pajamas.
Tony opened his mouth to call after him. Something was wrong, he felt it in the pit of his stomach. Sighing, he pulled out his cellphone to check his notifications. His brain had processed the words on the screen for all of two seconds before Tony was moving again, making a beeline to the staircase that Steve had gone down.
“You won’t,” Tony responded, managing to take a few more steps in his direction. “I’m not afraid of you. Either of you.”
After twenty years of marriage, Tony had developed a morning routine that he loved. Before ever opening his eyes, he would roll into his husband’s warmth, blindly leaving soft pecks over Steve’s face, from his nose to his cheeks to his mouth. Steve would kiss him back, blinking awake with a sleepy smile on his lips.
The genius slipped into their conversation seamlessly, working his charm on senators like Cherryh, who’d been kind to him on the political front, while throwing out some back-handed compliments to the ones like Stern, who’d once crucified him for privatizing world peace.
Steven Rogers:
“I love you too, ya big dope,” Tony teased, planting a firmer kiss on him before turning on his heel and following Bruce to the upper laboratory floor.
Panic flashed in the super-soldier’s eyes before confusion replaced it once more. “Your birthday isn’t… until next month, though?” he said, more of a question than a statement.
. Steve, I… I can’t imagine a world where I didn’t love you.” More tears slid down Tony’s face, and it wasn’t until a sob escaped Steve’s chest that he even realized he’d started crying too.
A/N: For Perlmutt. Also, I am thinking Things and may eventually make this into a long-fic in the future >.>
Their smiles were so broad that their kiss became more teeth than lip. But then Tony swiped his tongue across the seam of Steve’s lips, lifting his hands to card through Steve’s hair just how he liked. Their tongues brushed against one another as their kisses deepened significantly. Neither Steve nor Tony seemed to mind the obnoxious wolf whistles and cheers coming from their teammates.
“Get off the field!” the ref shouted, voice nearly muffling by a roll of thunder.
Tony usually disliked direct eye contact because of how weirdly
“Stop, Tony. Look at me? Please?” Steve lifted his face up, but Tony still refused to open his eyes. A sigh. “I don’t want to leave you like this. I want to –”
~*~*~*~
look to his boyfriend. “Tony, I don’t enjoy sounding like a broken record.”
“Don’t
. Low blow, Aunt Pegs.”
It was times like this that made Steve’s heart sing, now that Tony wasn’t afraid to showcase some public displays of affection. Tony took advantage of their inverted height difference to angle the blond’s head up, meeting his mouth in a quick peck. A syrupy grin appeared on Steve’s face, a soft hum coming from the back of his throat. “I love you, Shellhead,” he confessed, and he wasn’t ashamed in the slightest at how airy his voice had sounded.
There were days that Tony doubted himself and his abilities; not usually regarding his skills as an engineer or a strategist on the battlefield, but how he would be if they ever decided to grow their family of two. Whenever the topic of children would come up, Tony always found a way to divert the conversation or make an excuse about how he’d be a horrible father just like his own. Over the years, however, Steve had seen just how wrong Tony was.
Tony was just barely able to mask his shock.
Harley’s eyes widened to the size of sand dollars, and he crawled out from under his covers, kneeling at the edge of his bed. “Breaking
He was going through all the things that weren’t right in the past weeks and letting guilt eat him alive. All the times Steve looked sad or distant, all the times Steve actively distanced himself from him and from their friends, every single time Steve looked like he wanted to say something but wasn’t sure of himself… All the times he could have done and didn’t.
I want that
Steve reached forward before he could help himself, tugging Tony forward by the bowtie and placing a hand to the back of the head. Their kiss was harsh and raw and tasted like the salt of tears, but it was a comfort all the same. Wolf whistles started, followed by raucous cheers, and Steve felt himself
, right?” Sam questioned then, raising a thick brow.
. He was straight, and Tony was straight, and they were both just incredibly straight, horny men. Straight as door nails. Obviously. They’d been cooped up for far too long without contact with anyone else outside of their apartment, and that… That was what Steve kept telling himself when Tony started to strip in front of him and crossed the room in only a few short strides.
in his own body.
Steve rolled his eyes, holding the warm tub of buttered popcorn closer to his chest. “Shut up,” he huffed, following the shorter man to where the public drink dispensers stood tall.
“I wasn’t.” Tony’s eyes fell to Steve’s lips. “I wasn’t the first person you saw when it attached itself to you. Helen and Bruce, they were there first.” His eyes traveled further down Steve’s body, blatantly zeroing in on the prominent bulge in the front of his pants. Tony took that last step forward, leaning his head up to look Steve directly in the eyes and whispering, “But that’s not really why, is it?”
Tony’s body was moving before his mind caught up with him, his arms winding around Steve’s shoulders to hold him close. “Oh, sweetheart, no, no,” he reassured, “Jesus fuck, I’m such an asshole. Whatever I did that made you feel like you couldn’t come to me with this, I am so, so sorry.”
Tony’s thumb swiped across his bottom lip, and Steve pressed a soft kiss to it. He smiled then, hooking a finger under his chin and tilting his head up; Tony leaned forward and kissed Steve like a man dying of thirst.
“Rogers-Stark, actually. But, seriously, call me Steve.”
He raised their intertwined hands, laying a gentle kiss to the back of his boyfriend’s hand. Tony turned his head mid-sentence, shooting him a dazzling smile without missing a beat.
It had been a week — what felt like the
Tony’s smile seemed genuine, and the twinkle in his brown eyes was something Steve wished wasn’t because of her. “We’ve been talking almost every night for the past few days. And she can keep up with my shit! Who else do you know can do that?”
looks like it hurts,” Steve pointed out firmly, examining Tony’s form. Tony shifted uncomfortably. “You should be in medical.”
Steve honest to God
“I’m trying to caption this photo for your dad…” Steve showed Peter the drafted social media post. It was a simple photograph of a vase filled with red roses being hugged by a stuffed Captain America bear, sitting neatly on one of the bedside tables in the master bedroom. Steve’s caption read:
was weighing heavily on his mind was the first time in weeks that he’d opened up. Despite their current living situation, with Steve having moved in with Tony in the penthouse apartments months prior, the latter had started to feel like they were ships passing in the night.
Steve snorted out a laugh, letting his chin hit his chest. He shook his head as he walked a few paces forward, secretly welcoming the cool shade that the tall trees provided. Squatting beside Tony’s head, he said, “I know you can make the last two miles, Tones.”
When he faced forward again, Tony caught Steve’s eye, and then smiled so bright that it took Steve’s breath away. “I fell in love with the way you see the world, and how you love your family so fiercely, and how you only eat broccoli if it’s stir-fried, and how you keep leaving the fucking coffee grounds in the sink because you’re so stubborn, and how you let me steal all your sweaters because you know they make me feel…
To: Anthony E. Stark <
times.” Tony fidgeted with his jacket before slipping it back on. His brown eyes locked onto Steve’s for a short moment before he said, “God, I hated you growing up.”
“Yeah?” Tony asked, looking a bit uncertain.
Bucky leans across the table with a grin. “Oh yeah? I’ve known you forever, man.” He grins. “Don’t think I missed how hot and bothered you got when you were telling me what happened.”
“How about you walk me through this?” Steve asked, hoping his look conveyed what kind of tone he was going for.
As if on cue, Steve felt yet another egg-shaped object push against his entrance. He cried out again as it pushed against the tight ring of muscle. Even after having been eased open by the first one, it took a bit for the second to reach its widest point. By then, Steve was moaning, his eyes shut as he tried his best to allow the intrusion.
“You okay? Am I going too fast?”
After watching Steve speak with one of the policemen at the small station in the area, they’d made some calls and after a half hour of waiting, someone had come by with Tony’s wallet.
“I can and I will!” she called back to him before disappearing into the locker rooms.
He eyed the door leading out of the chamber. JARVIS was monitoring Steve’s vitals and Tony’s suit had picked up no signs of any strange organic life when he’d scanned Steve. Steve was fine. And would continue to be fine. He didn’t need Tony watching over him like some creepy stalker.
“Tony?”
“Unlocking,” JARVIS answered in his usual calm tones.
“First of all, I’m pretty sure we’re on a first name basis by now.” Tony nods in the direction of Steve’s apartment. “Mind if I sit down? Took me a bit to find your place.”
“Tony!”
“Tony
He made some complicated hand gesture, which changed the hologram to something that looked like… an egg?
He hears Steve exhale sharply. “It’s so much better. I’m glad.” The sincere relief in his voice is so strong, it sends a shiver down Tony’s spine.
Natasha raised an eyebrow. “Well, that sounds different than your usual fights.”
Her lips ticked up into a smirk. “Oh yeah? Guess we’ll see.”
Steve could feel his face heating up at Tony’s casual mention of all of that. At this point, he was used to it enough that it could be called ‘the usual’ without much exaggeration. “Sure. Just… let me know when you need me to.”
,” he chokes out.
Steve just groans and curls up further against the armrest, hiding his face in the couch cushions.
Tony continued. “Look, Cap, save the apology. It’s my fault for not having a suit prepared for that kind of situation.”
Tony’s shift from project planning mode to mischief was as plain as day as he leaned back against a workbench. “It’s supposed to be a surprise!” he answered in a sing-song voice.
Tony grinned up at him. “Let me treat you this time.”
To Tony’s shock, Steve had been right.
“Tony, listen to me,” he said, intentionally using a bit of his mission command voice. Sure enough, Tony didn’t immediately respond with a quick retort. “Making sure something like this doesn’t happen again should be a team effort. It shouldn’t involve you locking yourself up in the workshop to work through your guilt.”
Bruce glanced around, at which point Tony realized that he’d left his coffee mugs lying around. Wow, he’d really been slipping these past few days.
And anyway, as he got a better look at it, it didn’t seem to be immediately threatening. At the moment, it was slowly advancing toward him, its antennae waving rapidly back and forth in the air.
After counting to 3 in his head, Tony slowly let his eyes open. He wasn’t assaulted by bright light like he expected to be. Instead, the room was dark. He was almost tempted to go back to sleep when he heard a sound behind him. As he tried to turn around, though, his right side hit a wall, which was… odd. He blinked a few times to get his bearings and let his eyes settle.
“In that case...” He patted the curve of Steve’s ass lightly. “Does that mean you’re ready for round two?”
Steve woke up feeling lethargic, every muscle in his body lax. His sense of his surroundings filtered into him bit by bit: the warm, soft bed sheets and blanket surrounding him, the solid thigh his head was leaning against, and finally the soft pressure of someone caressing his scalp. He could hear faint vibrations, which meant Tony was probably on his phone and they were probably in bed. He must’ve been out for quite some time.
The whole scene made Tony’s skin crawl. Yet at the same time, he could feel his cock hardening in his pants. Sure, the situation was fucked up, but it was also really fucking hot. As much as he hated himself for admitting it, Tony was getting off to watching Steve fall under the influence of whatever the hell this thing’s pheromones were doing.
. It’s almost like that smile alone could light up the dim space. Tony blinks a few times, dazed. Fuck this oncoming heat. It’s starting to mess with his head. He can feel the sweat soaking through his shirt and starts removing his jacket. Might as well—with the power out the air conditioning is off. Once he’s got it off, he finds Blondie staring at him.
It was as honest an answer as he could think to give. He imagined he’d be feeling full, but he never could have imagined
“Mmmm,” he heard Tony practically purr. “I will never get tired of watching you like this.”
Steve couldn’t help squirming. He could still feel the egg moving through him. While not painful, it was an odd sensation. He tried to relax his abdominal muscles, and once he did, the sense of strangeness gave way into a more pleasant sense of fullness. Steve groaned as he loosened up a bit more and just let himself feel the slow movement of that fullness in his gut.
Tony can’t help laughing. “I know the feeling.”
Tony stood up and made a show of dusting off his pants. He glanced away as he replied, “No problem. Should’ve guessed Romanoff was the one with a thing for bondage.” He huffed out a weak laugh.
“JARVIS, is Steve in any danger right now?”
The man gives him a bright smile that lights up his devastatingly handsome face. “The one and only.”
The first time he’d felt Tony inside of him, he thought he was going to combust. No state of the art dildo could have prepared him for the experience of sex with an actual person. Tony had figured out Steve was incredibly sensitive pretty much from the get go and mercilessly took advantage of that knowledge to drive Steve to incoherence.
Steve was. His balls were drawn up tight as the alien’s legs fondled them and his cock was so hard it was painful. He was leaking so much precome that it only added to the slick that the creature had already coated him with.
“Oh…” Tony tried thinking back to the night before again. He did seem to remember a hotel sign. And even paying for a hotel with his train card. Not much else besides that.
“Mr. Stark, are you okay?”
“Yeah, I’m ready.” Steve wasn’t sure exactly what Tony needed to do on his end, but he assumed that they both needed to be on the same page.
“You’re doing well,” Steve assures him. His words are like a warm balm against Tony’s skin.
“Just do it,” Tony instructs.
Steve nudged him with his elbow. “See? Take it from me. People here are happily turn in stuff like this to the authorities.”
He ran a hand over his forehead and watched as it came away wet with sweat. Odd, he didn’t remember the room being so hot before. But now… he was really starting to feel it. Without stopping to think about what he was doing, he started unfastening his uniform top. Once he pulled it off and tossed it aside, he instantly felt better.
Once they were in the thankfully empty bathroom, Steve did his best to prop the man up one of those shower stools that Japanese baths always had.
“Approximately twenty-one minutes, Sir.”
He tried to find some leverage, so he could really fuck into Steve, and found that the alien creature’s soft body surrounding them was just perfect. Placing his arms on either side of Steve, he started to really go to town. The way Steve’s insides trembled and clenched around his cock was downright heavenly. He wasn’t going to last long at this rate.
“Come on, Cap. You’re stronger than this.”
“Okay, I think I’ve got this. Feel free to start again when you’re ready.”
“I notified you three times, Sir,” JARVIS chimed in.
There was no mistaking it, it was Steve’s voice. He sounded like he was in pain. Tony wasted no time dashing around the corner and nearly crashed into a cabinet as he skidded to a halt at the sight before him.
“Though after examining what few samples I still had left of the creature, it’s probably for the best that you went in as opposed to any of the rest of us.”
“Good!” Tony closed the diagram. “So you still want to try, right?” He glanced up at Steve slowly in an expression that Natasha had once dubbed ‘the puppy dog eyes.’
“Did your dick
“You’ve gotta be fucking kidding me,” Tony mumbled to himself. Then he said louder to Steve, “You’re the one that got whammied by an alien bug’s love juice and now you’re
you, Tony.”
Steve shakes his head. “Nah, I took the subway. I’ll just… see myself out.” He glances back toward the door to the office suite before he realizes he isn’t even sure which way that is. “How do I get back to the lobby, again?”
Steve sits back against the couch cushions. “You really want to date me?” He gestures between the two of them.
And that’s how Steve found himself posing with Tony with a smiling snowman in the middle. Thankfully the place wasn’t too busy and they only got a few odd stares for their antics.
Steve narrows his eyes at him. “You really think I want my life to be like the news?”
He pinched the bridge of his nose. If only he’d had a suit prepared beforehand. Normally he would have, but after he’d destroyed all of his suits dealing with Killian, he no longer had the versatility he taken for granted. And really, who the hell would have predicted a situation with a pheromone-spewing alien in his own damn tower.
He let the handle go back up as the weights moved downward.
A year ago he’d scrounged enough money to travel home for the holidays. This year, though, he wasn’t so lucky. Bucky was doing better but insisted that he shouldn’t spend so much just to hang out with him, and it wasn’t like he had any other family to stay with. That left him alone in Japan for the end of the year.
It didn’t take long for Steve to reach his climax, jerking his hips upward into Tony and crying out as he came hard inside him. Tony kept riding him, his face buried in Steve’s chest as he panted hard. He was moaning Steve’s name and an assortment of endearments and expletives that Steve couldn’t really make out with all of the overwhelming sensory input. It wasn’t long before his rhythm stuttered and he came hard with a grunt against Steve’s skin, his cock spurting warmth between them.
Bruce nodded. “I’m looking at them right now and they look fine.”
He watched as Steve cried out and came all over himself. His vitals indicated that he was still fine, but Tony was really starting to wonder. Especially as Steve kept coming, like he was going through two or three orgasms all in one go. Whatever those pheromones were, they were strong to be able to affect someone like Steve to this extent.
This new plan of Tony’s apparently dealt with all of that, or so he assumed from Tony’s excitement over the whole project.
“Yeah, the accelerated recovery tends to take a lot out of people.”
He mashes the garage sub basement and close door buttons at the same time and retreats to the far side of the car once the doors have closed. As the numbers count down, he turns to look at the gorgeous view of the city below through the tinted one-way glass of the elevator wall. Usually, he’d find the sight relaxing, but right now it’s hard to concentrate. Despite the building’s many air filters and perfectly controlled climate, he’s sweating more than usual. Tony reaches up to loosen his tie, but ends up just untying it and sticking it haphazardly into his suit jacket pocket.
Tony takes his phone out, pretending to look at it to avoid any interaction, until he catches a glimpse of his unexpected companion. He almost drops the phone and has to consciously restrain himself from gawking because
“Captain America?” Tony nearly spat out his fries, he was laughing so hard.
“You feel so good, Tony,” Steve murmurs against his ear. “So perfect and
Shaking his head, Steve continued on. “What matters is that you saved me back then. And I’m sure Bruce told you that the alien’s pheromones would’ve been too much for anyone else.” He couldn’t help a small smile. “I’d rather go through a bit of embarrassment than let you get hurt.” He froze for a second as he realized he’d said ‘you’ instead of ‘a teammate.’ Well, people always did tell him he was honest to a fault.
And Steve was so close, too. Tony was riding out his orgasm, fucking Steve’s face while the alien kept working Steve closer and closer…
Steve shook his head. “I mean that we should give them as good as we got.”
Tony shrugs. “Hurts, but it’s not as bad as it could be.”
“Huh…” Japan really was something else. He turned to the policemen who were watching them curiously. He bowed awkwardly and offered the formal way of saying thanks that he’d learned during his preparations for this trip.
Tony’s hands clenched on the console as he hung his head. His eyes were closed tight as he tried to not think about what was going on right in front him on the screen. Unfortunately, the audio was still loud and clear, and he could hear Steve’s moans of pleasure as he gave into the alien creature.
“How much longer to prepare the Mark 43?”
...Steve awoke with a start, shooting up in bed only to get tangled in his sheets and nearly roll off the edge. It took him a second to get his bearings, by which point he noticed three things: he’d had such an intense dream he’d been thrashing around in bed, he was sweating profusely, and he’d just come in his boxers.
“Glad you enjoyed it,” Steve murmured. He could feel the corners of his mouth stretching into a weary smile. Now that he’d pushed the last one out, exhaustion hit him like a truck. “‘m gonna take a nap now.” The last thing he saw before closing his eyes was Tony’s soft, fond expression.
“You’re clean?” the man asks, suddenly.
It wasn’t painful—the last egg had ensured that he’d be prepared for this one—but the pressure was still immense.
“Thus why my heat kicked up into high gear and the poor guy was sent into a rut?”
Steve feels Tony’s inner walls start to contract around his cock and distantly realizes that Tony must have reached his climax. Undeterred, Steve continues to chase his own pleasure, enjoying the added stimulation as he rolls his hips. It doesn’t take much longer after that—he cries out as he comes hard inside Tony.
. The guy’s shirt is clearly a size too small, and Tony isn’t sure how much longer those checkered sleeves can contain those biceps.
As he’s watching the numbers on the elevator rise, he notices his leg shaking and has to stop himself. Even worse, he can feel the first signs of his ass loosening up as it prepares to produce slick, and it’s driving him nuts. When the elevator finally arrives, he breathes a sigh of relief and practically dashes inside.
Just as the display hits the 27th floor, it goes black. A fraction of a second later, the elevator comes to an abrupt stop, making Steve almost stumble.
The guy leans back against the wall and sighs. “So we’re gonna be here for awhile?”
“S’fine, Tony,” he said as he smiled up at the end of the creature still rubbing against his cheek. “S’good. So, so
“Can you open your legs a bit?” Steve’s voice is so soft and soothing, Tony thinks to himself as he complies easily.
Tony reached up to pinch the bridge of his nose, which was a rare sign of defeat. “You really want to talk about this?
Tony raised a skeptical eyebrow in response. “You’re already stiffening up in my hand, champ.”
“I did,” Steve managed to say.
It just isn’t fair, Tony thinks to himself as Steve’s words tip him over the edge and he comes with a cry in Steve’s hand. Usually he lasts longer than this. Honestly, though, he has no chance against Steve pulling out the dirty talk at the last second. The situation would usually annoy him, but he’s too busy being completely blissed out against Steve’s nice, warm chest. And anyway, it’s better to keep his attention on listening to Steve breathing hard in his ear as he keeps rutting against Tony’s abdomen. Tony just goes along with the ride, as Steve gets closer and closer to orgasm. It isn’t long before he finally hits his climax with a soft grunt. Tony closes his eyes and lets himself enjoy the sensation of Steve’s cock pulsing against his sensitive skin. His orgasm keeps going, too. It’s then that Tony realizes that Steve comes
Amused, Steve followed him and watched him as he posed with some of the snowmen decorations around the tree and took some selfies. Eventually he gestured to Steve. “Hey, come on! Get in the shot!”
After he closed the shutter for privacy, he maneuvered himself awkwardly to lie parallel with the mystery man. It was going to be a bit uncomfortable for sleep, but Steve had slept in worse conditions. He checked over the man once again to make sure he was okay. Steve had managed to get a glass of water in him, but that was about it. Otherwise, he just seemed to be black out drunk and sleeping it off.
“Look, about what happened the other day in the lab—”
Steve’s eyes went wide. “In the capsule hotel? I thought you said you had your own room.”
“Of course, Sir.”
“Make that three. I’m going in.”
Steve shrugged. “Can’t think of a better time. Pretty sure if we don’t talk things over right now, Natasha and Bruce are going to wring our necks.”
“Right.” And because Sam was smart, he knew well enough when he wasn’t wanted. He got to his feet, giving a weak, “I’ll drop by tomorrow,” to Steve before awkwardly squeezing past Tony, leaving the two other men alone.
Word Count: 432
Soft, unsure, but forgiving.
check the file attachment from the last email, I don’t think you meant to send me that. Forward me the Thesis portfolio by noon. Pls and thanks
“You know it!” Morgan said, sliding out of Tony’s grip to get to her feet. She raised up the sign, pointing out the
A few seconds, which felt like an entire hour, passed in silence before Steve gathered his wits, blinking between his boyfriend and the man seated beside him. “Um. Tony, this is –”
tashabites has voted. 2 remaining.
“Fear not, Steven, I merely deposited Hammer to the ground level. No harm has befallen him.” Thor sat in his seat, chuckling slightly to himself. “Although, I cannot say the same about his soiled undergarments.”
