When the pictures get published, it causes a furor. SI stock actually loses points on the stock market. Which is so funny and absurd and ludicrous that Tony can’t even...
Tony blinked up at him, suddenly he felt ridiculously young. Jarvis laid a hand on his shoulder and squeezed it gently. “Perhaps some breakfast will wake up that brain? Go brush your teeth, give your face a good wash and eat.”
, Tony was on his knees now, Steve in front of him and was making full use of the serum’s refractory capacity.
As he wipes his face, he’s already composing comebacks in his head. Your letter was so bullshit it made me throw up a little bit in my mouth, only it wasn’t a little bit.
Steve was standing in front of Bucky’s cryo unit in Wakanda in pensive thought when a pair of arms wrapped around him from behind.
“Hello darling,” she said. “I hope the flight from Paris was good. I looked in on you when you got in last night but you were sleeping and I didn’t want to wake you. How is school?”
“This is why I love coming home for Christmas…right before you leave town,” Tony snarked on cue as he staggered to his feet.
Seeing them dead was a relief…and something else. He had been one of them after all. He could not help but see himself in a cryo chamber with a bullet in his head. He shuddered.
Bucky looked at him as he let the memories wash over him, Tony at five, running over and breathlessly demanding to be lifted up; at six, showing him his first robot; at ten years, hiding his tears at being sent to boarding school, declaring to be too old for teddy bears and later stuffing his Bucky Bear in his suitcase anyway; at fifteen, bright eyed and still painfully young, enthusiastically wandering MIT, being trailed by Bucky, unaware of the death threats; in his twenties in a cave, being tortured and Bucky far away.
He headed grimly over to Steve’s prone body, when Steve leaped into action and threw a huge chuck of rock at him which Bucky dodged only to see the shield come flying at his face. He was forced to drop the bazooka to catch the disc.
Bucky took out his gun and fired the whole clip at Steve, who brought up the shield. The bullets bounced off uselessly. He glowered as Steve peeked over the shield, blue eyes wide and cautious. The damn video was still playing –
“Not while I’m alive you’re not.” Bucky says angrily. “No way I’m letting you have sex with a nonagenarian – what’s the matter with you??”
He raised the gun again and Steve backed up, Bucky didn’t know why he was being such a wuss. The bullets wouldn’t hurt him. Much. He’d heal.
“What?” Tony said numbly. When…when did he give Jarvis a body? When did Jarvis get back? What was left of him had gone into Vision and Vision was dead. Had he replicated Jarvis from a backup? But there had been no backups. His head was killing him.
Did a time experiment go wrong and he’d let time flow through him like with Lang? No. he was too smart for that.
He still stealthily calls Aunt May, using Ruby and Tony’s single-minded focus on potato chips for cover. He leaves Peter and Tony alone and takes Ruby for a walk around the block, and when he comes back they’re seated at the table, talking about something in low, heated voices. Steve watches from the doorway as Tony claps a hand on Peter’s shoulder, gives it a firm, reassuring squeeze. Peter returns the look with a watery smile.
“Steve,” Tony says — desperately, because the thought of losing this man, the thought of burning food for literally anyone else for the rest of eternity, is suddenly too much to bear. “Steve, I love you. I love you more than I love anything else in the world. I just don’t know if I’m—“
Tony doesn’t say anything in response, just holds him for support and tries to get control of his breathing.
“Why don’t we go inside and use some of that gel - the one Rhodey sent over. To relax your muscles.”
“Why not?” Steve repeats, sounding thoroughly scandalized, as if Tony suggested they go outside and start kicking random people’s puppies. “Maybe because we’re not twenty-somethings at a liberal arts college trying to ‘find ourselves’.”
“I don’t know,” Steve shakes his head, and kisses Tony again. His hands are gentler as they run down Tony’s back, but no less frantic. “I just need you.”
But Tony’s not even listening to him. Tony’s grinning like an idiot. Steve is starting to think he might actually be having some sort of allergic reaction to vegetables – how would they know, it’s not like he’s ever had them before.
*He and Rhodey pour out the booze together, and spend the rest of the evening on the roof, wearing sunglasses and drinking from glass Coke bottles with bendy straws in them.
“—A stubborn asshole,” Tony finishes, still smiling as he fishes his wallet out of his pocket. “It’s fine. I’ll cover bail. For everyone in custody.”
Much to Tony’s relief, Dr. Burford maintains a steady stream of chatter, like he knows the silence will bother Tony more than the water feature. He asks Tony to lie face down on the table, makes no mention of the bruises along his sides, though, thankfully, carefully avoids the sorest areas. He starts out with a gentle touch, and Tony’s ability to speak kind of… drops off, as his hands dig deeper and deeper into Tony’s bunched up back.
“Oh,” Steve says. The marker stills. The beginnings of a blush stain his cheeks, and he glances down at Tony’s hand, fingers smoothing lightly along the delicate bones of his wrist. Tony’s pulse flutters a little at the touch. “Yeah, I think that sounds nice.”
“How can there be fires,” Tony yawns, arms tightening minutely around Steve’s narrow waist. “There’s so much snow.”
Steve leans away, then, but can’t resist pressing a soft closed-mouth kiss to the corner of Tony’s mouth. “You think I give a damn about the tower, Tony?”
That feeling is particularly salient on nights like this one, when Sam’s incredible mac and cheese is cooking in the oven and they’re planning on popping The Princess Bride in as soon as Natasha gets home from work.
“I do,” Steve warns sharply, lightly pinching Tony’s stomach. “I know you hate it but that’s just because I haven’t house-trained you yet.”
Brock is a very specific kind of hot - scruffy and rough in a dirty kind of way, plus he has this corny Staten Island accent that reminds Steve of the kids he grew up with. He’s very obviously interested and makes no attempt to hide it, and normally that’d be a turn off since Steve’s still on the clock, but today it feels.. a little nice to be wanted. Steve tries to convince himself that it has nothing to do with Tony’s comment at the wedding, but he’s mostly unsuccessful.
Six hours. Just six hours. And at the tail end of it, Tony’s had eight cups of coffee, snapped thirteen pencils, and set seven fires.
Tony proceeds to rattle off a list of deeply disturbing suggestions, and for reasons that are entirely incomprehensible, Steve can only lean back against the headboard and think
“Hardly my first arrest,” Steve snorts, and Tony wonders if Steve thinks that’s somehow comforting. He mostly makes up for it by stepping into Tony’s space, pressing a sweet kiss in greeting to his lips.
Steve’s fingers close reluctantly around the sweating bottle. “How am I supposed to dance in this? The second I move my arms I’m gonna flash the whole room.”
The lights go down, and Riri shouts ‘hey!’ in the darkness. Tony hears what he assumes are the sounds of her scrambling for her phone. A beam of white light emanates from her corner of the room, revealing a scowling Riri and a grinning Steve.
In lieu of a response, Steve gets his hands under Tony’s thighs and hoists him up without warning. And it’s muscle memory, the way Tony’s arms immediately circle his neck, legs squeezing tight at Steve’s waist. Tony looks down at him and feels all the oxygen leave his lungs at once — even with new wrinkles at his eyes, a hairline that pushes back a little farther every year, and hair that sorely needs cutting, he is still, without a doubt, the most beautiful man Tony has ever seen.
“I’m not hungry.” Tony said. What the hell was going on? What was he forgetting? He had to do something, meet someone, but every time he tried to grasp a thought it slipped away from him. It was just out of reach, but he couldn’t get a grip on it. It was driving him crazy. With a sudden stab of fear, he wondered if he didn’t have dementia. It would explain the wobbliness of time, and his memory failure.
He goes to his parents grave and brings a large floral arrangement. The grave, they’re buried together, is nice. Upkeep is being done. Standing there, hands in his pockets and the wind making his jacket flap, he feels very alive, and very lonely. There’s the smell of dozens and dozens of cut flowers in the air. It makes his nose twitch. He wonders what Steve is doing at the moment.
“Tony,” Bucky lowered the gun in exasperation. “What are you doing here? What happened to following the accords?”
He remembered that much. The army had turned to dust and so had the Purple Dick. He remembered saying sorry to Pep, though he wasn't sure if he'd gotten all the words out.
Tony keeps hoping it’ll go away, but it gains leverage. ‘Experts’ are brought in to talk about the effect that an alpha leaving has upon the left behind omega. It’s all very
He gets a call from Pepper, she’s interested in the braces he’s making for Rhodey. Can they open a new line for SI? Prosthetics? They already have one, of course, but it’s not as big as the both of them would wish. There’s not a lot of money in it. Not if you want them to reach the people who need it. Pepper has some interesting ideas for expansion, which include buying an insurance company. He hangs up, chuckling. He thinks of the tv pundits who mocked her when he promoted her to CEO. He looks at at the time and realises he and Pep had talked for hours. He goes and checks. No more blood.
In the video, Steve leaned forward and pressed a button. His shoulders were tight, and his hands were stuffed in his pockets, as if he were prepared for a fight. Tony suddenly turned and shoved Steve against the elevator wall. Steve didn’t fight him and Tony…pressed up against him? Bucky squinted; the video quality wasn’t great. Steve surged and flipped their positions, now it was Tony pressed against the wall. They grappled against each other, tearing their clothes off in the process…
The red haze in front of his eyes was throbbing, much like the strobe lights in the clubs Tony had liked to visit years ago.
“I’m serious,” Tony insists. He thinks back to the Howard he met in the 70s when he had been a fetus.
“What is this we pale face,” Tony muttered in the background. Steve looked irritated at the interruption.
He crawled out from his hidey hole and took a moment mourn his beard and sneer at his baby face. Once Jarvis saw him scarf down some food, he left. After he choked down as much as he could bear, Tony tried calling the suit to him. Nothing. He checked himself over again, but with different parameters in mind. He had no gauntlet wrist watch. No chest piece. No nanoparticles. Not even the implants he had embedded under his skin were there.
“Okay, so it's Monday. That is good to know. I will plan my toga party accordingly. Where you going?” He never did get to have that toga party.
His mother sighed. Howard said, “You know, they say sarcasm is a metric for potential. If that's true, you'll be a great man someday. I'll get the bags.”
These are formal clothes that he hasn’t worn in a while. That day he wears them because he has a meeting at SI. Rhodes make a crack about his weight. Tells him to join him the gym.
A couple of days later, during his bath, he’s washing his legs, when he notices the veins are showing through his skin. He’s normally too dark for that.
“Listen,” Bucky said to Tony in a low voice, as they resumed their sweep of the bunker. “I’m sorry I didn’t tell you about the triggers-”
He gave up and turned to Nat, his old partner-in-crime, ready to set Steve up again. But strangely, she declined and said that ‘Steve was a big boy and could handle his own relationships’.
From behind, Bucky heard Steve climb to his feet. “I’m going to kill him,” Bucky declared and turned around and launched himself at Steve.
He has to attend accord meetings and it’s difficult. Difficult to answer their questions on where his former teammates are. Difficult to push his amendments in. Difficult to handle the whole thing by himself. It’s compounded by wanting to pee every half hour when those things last
His mother got up from the piano and stood next to him. “He does miss you when you’re not here.” And kissed his cheek.
Understanding dawned on Bucky like a red sun over a nuclear devastated land. “Those bruises...they weren’t from sparring, were they? It was sex?!”
Not that Steve seemed to need him much. For about quite a while now, he had been taking on extra, secretive missions, and Bucky wouldn’t be able to contact him for hours or days. Other times, he would say he’d be with Sam, but when Bucky called Wilson, he’d rarely pass the phone to Steve. He’d give Bucky shit, mutter something about the bro code and pretend he was going through a tunnel. Wilson was an ass, no matter what Steve said.
“I can’t believe you used the override code on me!” Tony howled over her. “It’s only for when I go evil!”
There was a buzzing in his ears. Nothing’s making sense. “You’re malfunctioning.” Tony reproached Jarvis as he was herded to the bathroom.
He spends a restless night. He dreams of Leipzig airport. He wakes with a start after dreaming of falling in Rhodey’s place. Another time, he races to the quinjet and Nat’s there. He’s relieved, until she electrocutes him. He’s in a cell, and all the avengers take turns spitting on him, yelling at him. He struggles against their vitriol and realises he’s in a straightjacket. He wakes up, tries to go back to sleep. Back in the cell. Captain America’s here to break everyone out. Steve opens every door except his. After that, Tony give up. He takes a Starktab and works. Halfway through he falls asleep. The dreams turn weirder, in the way dreams too. He jerks awake and his thighs and hips and crotch are wet.
The medicine cabinet is in the bathroom. He eyes the suppressants. He’ll have to get new ones. Steve liked his heats, liked having him during his heats, so he hadn’t taken his meds in a while. Now that he didn’t have an alpha he’d have to take care those pesky heats didn’t come- oh no.
He finished brushing and sit out the paste and rinsed his mouth and checked in the mirror for toothpaste residue on his beard.
Jarvis looked at him incredulously. “I sincerely hope that last night was jet lag and not…something else.”
He had hoped the rapport between them would eventually improve but – it never did. A few months ago, it had seemed that the two of them were getting closer. They were fighting less, and the insults were practically fond. Like when he and Steve teased the other about taking ‘all the stupid with them’.
Halfway through a video call concerning the accords he excuses himself. His bladder is going to burst. He goes to the toilet and there’s blood on his underwear. It’s not a lot. But it’s there.
to. His legs were like jelly, dammit. He knocked over half the bedside cabinet in the process. Well, that ought to get them to come running. He finally stood up and the decided he’d rather sit. He had just gingerly lowered himself to sit on the side of the bed when the door to the bedroom opened.
Sure, a tumor that you dress up and love and take to play dates with other tumors. Some acerbic doctor had once described it like that to Tony at a party.
“Right,” Tony muses, leaning out of Steve’s space, though he keeps looking at him as he backs up, that same playful little smile on his face. “See you later, Rogers.”
“I think we’re sometimes going to fight like this,” Steve says, and he really does reach out this time, placing a tentative hand on Tony’s ankle. “But I still think it’s worth it, Tony. I think I’d go through anything, if it meant I got to be with you.”
Steve’s brow furrows. Natasha sounds far too blasé to actually be blasé, and the fact that she’d put that much effort into convincing Steve she doesn’t care makes him certain that it’s pretty serious.
Steve can’t look at Tony for a second, and he lamely takes another sip of water to avoid saying anything even as his grip on Tony’s hand tightens considerably.
Tony, who is sitting on a rock and trying hard not to stare at Steve’s profile, shakes his head in disbelief. “How do you do that? You just know what people need. For me, for the team, for everyone.”
“Honeybear, you didn’t tell me we were entertaining,” he muses, shrugging off his suit jacket and throwing it haphazardly over one of the ugly modern couches. He pours himself a glass of scotch. Steve glances at his phone - the time reads 2:13.
Steve comes inside and sits on the bed next to Tony, like this is normal, like they’ve been friends their whole lives.
right not to hate-kiss him, but he can’t shake the image of those pained dark eyes which are apparently permanently burned in the back of his mind.
Tony clears his throat again and crosses over to his junk pile, selecting a misshapen Oil Sump and lifting it with a light grunt. He can feel Steve’s eyes on him as Tony lines it up in front of him, taking a step back and holding his arm out as if to say
He tries to go to his workshop, start furiously working through solutions, trying to devise solutions of his own. He calls Bruce, he calls Rhodes, he calls his favorite professor from MIT. He builds—
Steve leans over to kiss his forehead, then pulls back to fix Tony with an expression so understanding that, if there was still shrapnel in Tony’s heart, it’d probably just turn to cotton candy and melt right away. “I love you. I will always love you. And marriage doesn’t actually matter, because it won’t make that more or less meaningful.”
Steve probably shouldn’t have let Natasha dress him, but the suggestion that Brock might be at the party tonight had clouded his judgment. He regrets it deeply now that he's actually at the party and he couldn't feel less like himself, tugging awkwardly at the sleeves of a cropped gray sweatshirt and adjusting the waist of jeans that are so tight they look like they’re painted on. Before they’d left Sam had appraised him critically and asked ‘doesn’t he look a little too come-and-get-it?’ and Natasha had replied ‘we share a wall. It’s been a year and a half. He wants people to come and get it’.
Rhodey drives himself and Pepper up in a rental car. It’s a red Prius, and Tony can’t stop smiling as it pulls into the driveway. He pushes his sunglasses up on his head and jogs down the steps of the porch to meet them.
“If you insist,” Tony hums, grabbing at one of Steve’s legs and draping it across his waist. He tips his head down to press a kiss on Steve's crown.
But that’s all platonic, right? Because they’re not sleeping together. And Tony can say, with 75% certainty, that they will never sleep together again. It’s more confidence than he had in the first prototype of the Iron Man armor, and that turned out all right for him. Kind of.
“So are you,” Steve says softly, prodding Tony’s arm as evidence. “But you did alright anyways. Look, Tony, you might not be able to stop them, but you also don’t have to help them. You tell them to leave, you really tell them you’re not interested in helping, they’ll listen. They’re smart kids.”
Steve eventually runs out of things to say, but by this point Tony’s breathing has evened out and he’s no longer carrying a decade’s worth of tension tight in his shoulders. Steve reaches for his hand slowly, like he’s giving Tony ample opportunity to shift away, but Tony just curls his fingers around Steve’s in resigned acceptance.
“God, I sound like somebody’s dad. This is actually probably a good place to wrap it up. I guess I just wanted to say — I’m sorry. For this whole mess. And I’m not going to bother you with this stuff again. —And I, um. Hope everything goes well for you. In general. In the future. Okay, signing off, now.
Tony exhales a laugh and shakes his head. On pure instinct, he reaches to brush the back of his hand along the line of Steve’s jaw. “Told you I didn’t have a date.”
“Uh-huh.” Amusement runs through the low timbre of Tony’s voice, “you get in a lot of disagreements?”
“I need you to say something.” Tony pushes off the doorframe, slowly makes his way around the desk and comes to crouch at Steve’s feet. Steve grips for his hand a little brashly. “I need you to tell me where you’re at with this.”
He’s propped up against the headboard in that red silk robe he sometimes wears — the one that ends high on his thighs and generally impedes Steve’s higher brain functions. And there’s something unassumingly dirty about the way he’s positioned; his legs are parted just enough to be suggestive, and the belt to the robe is knotted so loosely around his waist that miles of his muscled chest are on display.
He’s got an arm slung around Steve, who seems to be all but carrying him, fingers red from the blood seeping through Sam’s shirt.
There’s something meaningful, intentional about Natasha’s voice. Like she’s suggesting Steve’s got the answe somehow. He just doesn’t have the energy for her riddles today.
Her legs are folded beneath her and she’s taking slow, methodical bites of a granola bar. Her hair is plaited into a neat braid and she’s wearing workout clothes, yoga pants and a ratty t-shirt with something explicit in Russian across the tummy. (Tony only knows it’s explicit because Steve tried to look it up once and came up empty ‘cause his Google’s still on Safe Search.)
They’re both silent for a few passing moments. Tony is hyper aware of the place where his ankle is nudging against Steve’s knee.
“I’m serious,” Steve insists, trailing his hand lightly down the dip of Tony’s spine. “I think it’s— did you change your hair?”
And Steve! Steve is possibly the worst out of all of them. All of those diligent notes Tony thought he was taking are just various doodles of the profile of whichever Avenger happens to be in his eye line.
“Uh-huh, yeah. I may not have actually… been in the bodega for that phone call. In fact, I might have had that information memorized from the second you told it to me. --Which was, I will say, far too late in our marriage, and I maintain that you were purposefully and spitefully holding out on me.”
Tony tries not to care or even know what Steve’s planting, but he can’t help the glimpses he catches of the labels on the boxes and packets as Steve puts them in the ground. He’s got an interesting array - simple stuff like tomatoes, peppers, and squash paired with more finicky stuff like radishes and carrots. He fills a planter with the seeds for several different herbs, and Tony has no doubt that it will end up on his windowsill.
“Yes, Steve,” Tony repeats, rolling his eyes even as an affectionate smile tugs at his mouth. “I can’t think of anything better than spending a weekend with you in a remote location doing nothing but having sex and eating apple pie.”
Natasha doesn’t even flinch. “He’s still deciding between us. I guess you could consider us all engaged, at least for now.”
He thinks he sees a smile twitch at the corner of her mouth. He smiles a little too. She reminds him of himself, and it’s been a while since Tony met someone this much like him. Maybe even forever.
They’re still navigating physical contact. Steve mostly lets Tony decide if he wants it or not, and there are days when Tony very adamantly doesn’t. Steve goes through spells like that, too, not that he’d ever admit it, but Tony gets within a certain distance of him, sees a slight flinch in his expression, and knows to back off.
Steve and Tony get caught in a series of increasingly elaborate parent traps in the duration of the three and a half weeks, and at one point Steve is certain that Peter, MJ, Ned, Pepper, and Linda from Accounting are all in on it. After the run in at the research facility, he and Tony get:
Tony is a certified genius, though, so if anyone can find a way around gravitational pull, it’s him. Come January 1st, he and Steve are permanently going their separate ways.
“Yeah,” Tony affirms, tugging his blanket over his shoulders and rolling onto his side. His bed is warm and the desire to sink into the aimless nothingness that seems to consume him on days like this is— overwhelming, to say the least. “Yeah, I’ll catch up with you later.”
Everything compounds, is the problem. Steve realizes Tony doesn’t know what a gallon of milk costs, and that they’ve spent the first 30 years of their lives living in different worlds. Tony picks up on it, gets insecure about losing him, and lashes out. It turns into something about politics. It turns into something about Stark Industries. It turns into something about Steve’s friend Bucky, who Tony doesn’t like or understand.
Steve doesn’t say anything, just keeps looking at him with those eyes. They’re ridiculous, on a person. Tony has the stray thought that they belong by the stars or at the bottom of the sea.
Tony is pretty vehement that none of the kids actually move into the compound - or, none of the kids except for America, who appears to be a parent-less rolling stone who sleeps wherever she wants. Tony knows this bothers Steve immensely, knows he’s been trying to persuade her to take one of the rooms on the farm property, make it her own, but she’s somehow more stubborn than the both of them combined.
“Oh of course,” Margaery giggles and shakes her head, the chain on her reading glasses swinging back and forth with the movement. “He likes to be in on the joke, I think.” She fixes the photo with such a sweet, affectionate expression that Steve can’t help but think —
He tries and fails to go back to sleep, ultimately just ends up laying on his back, staring at the ceiling, and resenting every single choice that brought him to this moment. Natasha conceded especially quickly, and Tony knows that that means…. something, but he can’t quite put his finger on what. He lays on his back and sluggishly attempts to puzzle through it, smoothing over the niggling reminders that he has things to do and people to see today.
The first time is in the post-battle adrenaline haze that follows a really long, really good fight. Tony takes off the helmet, looks at the debris around him, and shares a smile with his disgusting boyfriend, who is currently covered in dirt and has blood crusting over his cheek. “Baby,” Tony says, still kind of out of breath, “let’s get married.”
“You don’t have to tell me anything,” Steve says, arms folded over his chest. “Just— blink twice, if I’m right. It was Tony Stark.”
“And a pull-up bar for Nat,” Steve agrees, sitting down on the floor next to him and propping himself up against the wall. “Maybe somewhere quiet for Bruce to sneak off, when we’re having a party.”
As he looks, Tony stretches his sore arms out in front of him, shoves an arm up under his tank top to scratch at his shoulder. He’s been at this for hours and his entire upper half is damp with sweat. It should be gross but it’s kind of amazing.
so close. “How can you— he’s a person. We’re all people, I know that’s hard for you to remember while you’re sitting on the top floor of the ugliest building in Manhattan, but—“
Once Tony gets over the fact that this all reads a little like a setup for a really bad porno, it doesn’t sound like a
Steve raises an eyebrow. “Like exponentially increasing the net worth of your company in record-breaking time?”
Even as Steve possesses this information, he can’t exactly do anything about it. Tony’s twitter says he’ll be in Malibu for the next week and a half, and Steve has to move his stuff and Sam’s stuff back into the apartment now that the subletters’ leases are up. He also has to review applications for their new fourth roommate, pick up new jobs for the fall, and keep in touch with MJ while she uploads the last of their work into the serves at Arc.
A few moments later, though, Tony’s talking again, his hands tightening a little around Steve’s waist. “So how do you know Brock Rumlow?”
Steve leans down and presses a kiss to his forehead, adjusting the weight of Tony in his arms. “About the beard or the mission?”
Sam spends most of the day on the phone with Hopkins, trying to coordinate a way to finish his fellowship remotely. Natasha sets up a temporary arrangement where she can work out of her old office during the day, and Steve picks up a shift bartending at The Silverado at night, so they trade off on Bucky-watch.
Tony gets his meaning instantly and his expression starts to crumple, grip tightening on Steve in a way that’s meant to be reassuring. “Baby, I don’t know if—“
“They’re blueberry,” Steve declares, holding up a plastic baggie. His cheeks are stained a light pink from the chilly morning air. The muffins are a little smooshed, but Tony’s stomach still grumbles in interest. Steve’s also holding an untouched cup of iced coffee, and Tony ran out of the mix for cold brew last night, so the mere sight makes his mouth water.
Steve bristles a little, then hesitates, observing some sort of tightly contained emotion flick across Tony’s face. “He came in for a coffee at the bakery where I work,” Steve says quietly, though frustration underscores the admission. “He’s been having a pretty rough time of it, lately. Figured he could use a new friend.”
“He left,” Tony says. He has somehow, without getting up or moving substantially, found a bag of potato chips. Steve looks at him, equally fascinated and annoyed. “He left before she could say anything.”
“Two dogs, Steven Grant Rogers, and it’s really not up for discussion unless you want to end up on one of those Animal Planet reality shows.”
Peter Parker, who is currently sitting criss-cross applesauce on Tony’s kitchen counter and snacking contentedly at one of Steve’s muffins, at least has the good sense to, upon seeing Tony, organize his features into something vaguely guilty.
But when James Rhodes turns up on the apartment doorstep completely out of the blue at 8 AM on a Sunday morning, Steve feels he’s entitled to a little more information.
Tony clutches his sheets to his chest in a manner vaguely reminiscent of a fainting Victorian maiden. "..Hhh....ey...," he says, which, out loud, sounds exactly as dumb as it did in Tony’s head.
It never comes to that, though. Brock is gone, and so are his friends, at least for the moment. Steve and Natasha lie shamelessly to the woman at the front desk - Steve says he’s Bucky’s brother and Natasha says she’s his fiancé.
“This is me,” Steve says, slowing to a stop in front of a stoop that’s seen better days. He leans against the rail like he doesn’t quite want to say goodbye yet, lumbering and awkward in a way that is inexplicably a turn on.
Steve shrugs a little and supplies a sugar cookie from somewhere on his person, wordlessly handing it over.
But that didn’t matter to Steve anyway — and why would it, after all his tirades against people who put ceremony over substance. The thoroughness with which Tony loved him, the promises they made to each other in the rare and quiet moments of privacy their crazy lives afforded — that had been enough. Steve always said that was more than enough.
. This is how it always should’ve been, Steve there, at his side, reminding him what he’s fighting for.
Tony could maybe live in Kansas, if it was with Steve. And he just wore cowboy hats and open plaid shirts all the time everywhere they went.
“What if I called you, too?” Steve says, voice still careful, like he’s navigating a space covered in broken glass. “And maybe we don’t— we don’t even have to talk about what we’re feeling. We can just be each other’s distractions. You know?”
Steve’s face crumples. He looks like he wants to reach for him, but decides against it at the last second, tucking his hand against his side and flexing his fingers. “I know. I know, baby, I’m so sorry.”
Tony builds Steve a house and he still has the audacity to wake up every day with the seemingly insatiable desire to give Steve more.
Interest had flickered in Tony at that revelation, but he held off asking. If he wasn’t careful he’d end up designing Sam a new suit and wings, then promising repairs for Bucky’s arm, then a new taser for Nat, and before he knew it he’d be slated to move back into the tower by Saturday morning.
His confusion only intensifies as Tony slows to a stop next to a giant open field with impeccably trimmed grass. He makes Steve get out and walk all the way down the incline, until the (brownish and ugly) waters of the Hudson are visible in front of them, daylight glinting off the current. The sun is so bright that it’s already starting to pink up Steve’s skin, and he knows for a fact they’re going to have to pick up a tube of aloe on the way home.
“For solitude,” Tony says sharply, then realizes this is possibly a hypocritical statement considering the number of people who have filtered in and out of his house in the past week and a half.
Tony gives him a funny look. “Is that really what you think? That this is somehow disappointing, for me?”
“So,” Steve says, "are we having the conversation now, or did you wanna just wait out here while I eat dinner and change?”
“We might still have to do this, every once in a while,” Steve says, head lolling to the side, sharp blue eyes focusing on Tony. “They’ll still need help.”
It’s a pretty tight squeeze, two grown men in a finite space meant for people with slightly more normal proportions than Steve. By the time they settle, Tony’s legs are tangled up with Steve’s, and Steve’s hands are splayed along his calves, gradually moving towards his ankles. Tony thinks maybe Steve’s had a shot of Thor’s Asgardian Wonder Juice, ‘cause he’s not usually this tactile.
“Mmm,” Tony says, rubbing idly at Steve’s absurdly broad shoulders. He knows he’s smiling way too fondly for a booty call, and he’s silently grateful Steve isn’t currently in a position to see it. “I did, didn’t I?”
“Yeah, um-- what the name of the spicy brown chicken Nat ordered last time? The one with the chilis, and you ate one and almost died?”
“I’m serious,” Tony insists, biting into his cookie and smiling at the horizon. He pauses, glancing at Steve and considering his profile - hair whipping in the wind, cheeks pink from the cold, mouth resting in an easy, sturdy smile. He looks strong and serious and contemplative like he always does, but Tony knows if Steve turned his head, he’d find a sea of softness in his eyes. “That was one of the things I missed the most about you. You were always doing stuff like this for me - when you were around to, anyways. You were always paying attention.”
“She’s kind of blowing my mind,” Rhodes replies, sounding a little dazed. Steve can’t see his face but he imagines it looks like a little like he just got hit by a bus. A bus of feelings. For Natasha. “I’m gonna shoot my shot, ask for her number.”
Tony snorts and Steve’s stomach gives a mortified, sickening jolt. “He’s fine, I guess, but definitely not worth waking up in Brooklyn for. Come on, Rhodes. Let’s find a backdoor somewhere. If I’m gonna make it through another hour of this sappy bullshit I need a cigarette.”
“Uh-huh,” Sam sounds skeptical, and Steve briefly envisions him rolling his eyes. “Listen, Steve, this sounds like an amazing opportunity. Stark’s in Malibu, you’re in San Diego, and Natasha is in Santa Barbara! Stark is easily avoided and you and Nat can spend weekends together. Don’t overthink it.”
“Just don’t feel like it, I guess,” Tony shrugs, handing her a pair of needle-nosed pliers. She takes them silently, fiddling with the motherboard of Tony’s newest supercomputer. “Lost my muse, whatever the fuck that means.”
The really shitty thing about it is that Tony knows, when Steve does end up leaving, this image of him is going to be burned behind Tony’s eyelids, probably paired with the words ‘you did this to him’ playing on a maddening loop inside his head.
“You can’t tell me you don’t feel it,” Tony shakes his head, knocking his knees against Steve’s under the table.
“Shut up,” Tony shakes his head, those perfect, heart twisting smile lines creasing around his eyes. “God, you’re stupid. I love you, Steve Rogers.”
I hope you don’t mind me reaching out — I received your contact information from Professor Desai at the Pratt Institute. After viewing samples of your work on your website, I believe you would be an excellent candidate for a job opening in the creative department of Arc Technologies, a nonprofit geared towards advancing clean energy and combating climate change.
Tony kisses his nose and squeezes his hand. He can’t even find something snarky to say. There is nothing snarky about this moment. His life, for once, is completely and totally humorless.
“What are you doing here?” Tony folds his arms over his chest. The ‘you weren’t invited’ feels implied.
Though he’d take America in in a minute, Tony privately thinks any distance they can manufacture is a good thing - a solid reminder that none of these children are really theirs. He and Steve may like them (love them, probably, though Tony’s not ready to admit to that yet), but at the end of the day, they have absolutely no claim to them. Steve and Tony’s job is to give them the tools they need to defend themselves, to be their friends, and to make sure that every parent has all the available information at any given time.
Peter and Pepper do not cross-reference their scripts, so announcements for two different emergency types are made — both active shooter and earthquake. Tony looks so embarrassed that he keeps eyeing the window, like maybe the best option would be to fling himself out of it. Steve narrowly prevents this by suggesting a game of paper football, which is a good idea right up until the moment he realizes Tony is a lying cheating cheater.
“—I forgive you,” Tony interrupts, wrapping his arms more solidly around Steve’s neck. He can’t let that carefully fixed distance push its way back between them. At least not yet - not when Steve looks so sweet, lips kiss-bitten, hair mussed, cheeks red. “And I want this. I’ve thought about it.”
Steve opens his mouth to deal some scathing retort, but he finds himself stuttering, because — well, he could understand, maybe, how it might come off that way to someone who didn’t really know Natasha. She played things startlingly close to the vest, and even though it didn’t change the fact that Tony shouldn’t have meddled, that… it could’ve been a stupid miscommunication.
“Come on, Steve, you took direction remarkably well a mere six hours ago. I have the very vivid memories to back it up.
And that just— that just gets to Tony, wriggles underneath his skin and sets his teeth on edge in a way nothing else they’ve discussed this evening has managed to. He carefully sets down his grilled cheese and wipes at his mouth with a paper towel.
Riri doesn’t even look at him, but he’s completely undeterred. He sets the book on the table and moves to fiddle around with the nearest computer. In an instant, Tony knows what he’s doing. He’d given Steve the override codes at some point during their battle with Thanos - he hadn’t thought to change them until now. Tony folds his arms and leans up against the work table, mouth quirking into a wider smile as Steve punches a few keys and everything in the workshop grinds to a screeching halt.
“You really mean it?” he asks, and he looks so hopeful (and still kind of angry, but Tony privately thinks his angry face is really cute) that Tony goes soft.
He rests a little, too. He’s not very good at it - always bringing a notebook out onto the porch to scribble new ideas into - but it’s nice to lay in the sun for an hour or two, skin soaking up the heat as he sips at an iced coffee. It’s quiet out there, but Tony can fill a silence like no one else - he works with loudly clanging tools, he talks to himself, he talks to his bots, and he pumps his terribly loud and screechy classic rock into the air. Sometimes the quiet is eerie, and sometimes it’s nice, like Tony doesn’t have to strain to hear himself think.
“What’s the objective?” Steve asks, still uncertain. “Just— break it? Do you break it in a specific way?”
“This is you,” Tony echoes, glancing at the four inches of concrete between them, then back up again.
Steve leaves the same way he arrived, far too casually for Tony to comprehend. They haven’t touched each other once since he’s arrived - they both know that’s a one-way ticket to Bad Decision Land - but, despite this, Steve gives Tony’s shoulder a quick squeeze on his way out. Tony thinks it’s supposed to be some kind of reassurance.
Neither of them mentions the messiness of the house, but Tony is certain Pepper will have smuggled the business cards of three cleaning companies in the drawer of his nightstand by tomorrow morning. They head down to the workshop so he can show them what he’s been working on, and he lets Pepper package up a couple of the designs to take back to SI. Rhodey looks over the work with his usual meticulous, practical eye, doling out helpful criticism and praise in equal measure.
When Sam makes eye contact with him over a glass of prosecco in the middle of yet another toast about the power of love, Steve nearly trips over his own feet in his haste to slip out into the hallway.
The corner of Steve’s mouth tips into a tentative smile. “I think so, too. It was getting a little crazy for me down there.”
“Why haven’t you been answering your phone?” MJ says sharply, arms folded over her chest. She doesn’t just look angry, she also looks — scared. Hurt.
“Yeah. First of all, getting this fucking clandestine tree up to your 6th floor apartment was a godforsaken nightmare. I had to bribe this little kid from the third floor not to tell the landlady and she got fifty bucks out of me. And then! All your Christmas lights are broken. So I went to the corner store next door to restock, and lo and behold half of those Christmas lights are also broken. People keep ripping me off today. —And, I think I might be allergic to mistletoe, because I put it up everywhere and I just kept sneezing? But that also might have been from the dust that’s, like, in every hard to reach place in your apartment. Seriously, baby, we need to talk about getting some professional cleaners in here, because you can’t possibly keep…”
“I’m going to find you a woman,” Tony declares, breaking the warm, gentle silence in the worst way possible. Practically an instinct, at this point.
Someone takes Tony home. He doesn’t exactly remember who. He tries to put on the suit, to make his way down to the lab so he can go a couple rounds with Reed fucking Richards, but he thinks it’s Natasha who pins his wrists together, shoves him into a car.
He doesn’t know how they managed to tear two pillows and a goose down comforter last night, but he’s inclined to blame Steve and that pesky superstrength. For a couple minutes he tries to do that Classically Romantic thing where the admirer just watches the object of their affection sleep, but he gets bored and horny very quickly.
“Maybe I should start making good on my supposed debt,” Steve says, voice low and teeming with meaning.
“It’s Bucky. He— he’s in the hospital, he had some kind of… He was in a fight, I think, with Brock. Natasha says he’s been giving him a hard time for a while now. Following him home from work, asking where I’ve been, who I’m—” Steve cuts himself off, shakes his head and looks out the window. “He didn’t think he could tell me. Natasha says he thought if he told me, I’d give up this job and come home.”
“What’s really more pressing to me, at the moment, is the why,” Tony says, and has the horrible thought that he sounds old. And tired -- more tired than he’s ever remembered being before.
, he thinks, watching Riri and America go at it, Riri outfitted in a shiny new suit of armor and America making full use of her portal popping abilities.
Steve would be more unsettled by all of this if it didn’t seem so genuine. After working no less than twelve different shitty retail jobs, he knows the difference between I Love My Boss and In Case My Boss Is Listening, I’m Gonna Say I Love My Boss But I Actually Wish They’d Rot In Hell. Every Arc Technologies employee is firmly of the former persuasion. It’s — strange, is what it is. Even the three nineteen-year-olds he’s working with on the youth team can only sing his praise.
Tony blinks several times, suddenly feeling at a loss for words. His eyes flick to where Riri is lingering on the porch, hands on her hips and eyes narrowed in the direction of Tony and her mother. She has so much to lose, Tony thinks, and she doesn’t even realize it.
“Well, what do you think, Steve?” Sunset turns her attention on him and there’s something mean in her smile, something that makes Steve wish Natasha was down here instead of these three strangers who have more money currently in their pockets than he’ll have in the next six months.
All three of them glance over to Bucky, who appears to be flirting earnestly with an ice sculpture. He’s so obviously drunk, no room for interpretation in the nearly incomprehensible slurring of his words and the way he can’t quite keep his balance, even though he’s trying to stand still. Steve feels a brief flicker of embarrassment, followed by a strong surge of affection.
“No,” Tony rubs at his eyes, like maybe he’s just been sleeping, “no, I don’t need a ride home, but — Jesus, do you have to say stuff like that?”
“Oh my god,” he says, surveying the brownies with renewed interest. “That’s— Jesus. Did he make them?”
Steve’s heart thumps pathetically in his chest at the sight of Tony, standing with his hands braced at the edge of a podium, eyes wide and alert. He looks completely sober, and when he speaks, it’s with a calm, authoritative voice.
Sam’s smile dims a little and his gaze drops from Steve’s. He shakes his head. “Nah. That’s okay, though, I’m not really looking for anything right now.”
Tony chews on his lip, silent for a couple moments. “You are so....”, he trails off and stares at Steve, who’s grinning like a toddler because he already knows he’s won.
They stand in silence for a moment, Steve stiff in the doorway and Tony draped loosely against the frame. Tony knows - knew even before he called - that he probably shouldn’t have done this, but even still, just seeing Steve feels like some kind of relief.
Tony’s heart skips several, devastating beats. A small silence settles between them, and Steve is still frowning, but now he’s also nodding determinedly, like he’s never been so committed to anything in his entire life. “Okay,” he says, “okay. We’re getting married.”
“This is why I worry about you,” Tony sighs, fingers tightening in Steve’s t-shirt. “You’re not— you’re not doing
“No,” Tony snorts, and means to turn on his heel and walk out of there, but he chugged someone’s drink as they were passing through the crowd downstairs, and a second wave of inebriation has started to slow his reaction time.
“Probably ‘cause you thought if I spent the night in the E.R., I’d be too tired to propose for another forty-eight hours.”
Steve’s daydreaming so hard that it takes more than a couple seconds for Tony’s proposition to register. By the time he’s properly formed an answer, his husband is already leaning in for a kiss and tugging Steve forward by the front of his suit jacket. Steve keeps it as chaste as he can manage with the warmth of Tony’s palm splayed against his rib cage, though his self-control has waned over the course of the largely monotonous evening. New Year’s parties hosted by the board were always a special kind of torture, and Steve would usually prefer a couple rounds of bullets with HYDRA to a couple rounds small talk with the ancient chairman.
“Very irresponsible, Captain,” Tony purrs, right up by his ear, and Steve gently slaps his ass in reprimand.
“I bought you a Christmas present,” Steve says, still turned around and seemingly preoccupied with the grilled cheese.
“We were out for a walk,” Steve explains, brow creased with worry and anger, “he popped his stitches. He didn’t tell me he even had stitches.”
Tony builds Steve a house that’s three stories high with a skylight in the living room and ample room in the yard for more than one dog.
Disgusting, Tony thinks. But it’s not enough to distract him from the fact that they seem to be watching footage from the battle against the Chitauri, six years ago on the streets of Manhattan.
“First of all, they didn’t kick me out of MIT, I left because they were lame. Second of all, I wouldn’t be named Iron Woman. That’s the stupidest name I’ve ever heard in my life.”
Steve has put the key in the lock, but he doesn’t twist it, hand falling away from the handle. Tony is standing on the first step, too close for Steve to maintain a normal heart rate, and too far for what Steve would really rather be doing right now.
Bucky and Sam fall quiet. Steve inclines his head forward, trying to make out snatches of the passionate conversation that has been transpiring for the past eighteen minutes.
Steve flashes him an expression that adequately conveys the utter disgust he feels at having to hear that, and throws a wadded up napkin at Bucky’s face. Bucky goes on another spiel about how he should be treated gently because he’s injured.
“Steve’s not training anybody,” Tony informs primly, tipping his coffee in their direction as America socks Steve in the jaw. “This is just how he makes friends.”
“I don’t think we should do trust falls,” Tony says, bouncing up and down on an exercise ball. “I feel like I’m at a disadvantage.”
They take the Subway home and Steve reaches for his hand across the seat, traces the lines of his palm from memory.
After Kate there’s Eli, another one of Steve’s. Steve’s personality seems to be split evenly between Eli and America - America has his temper, his wit, his occasional arrogance, and Eli has his meticulous tactical mind, his seriousness, that solemn, steady part of Steve filled with patriotic purpose. Tony watches in quiet recognition as the other kids, in the absence of Steve or sometimes Tony, slowly start to look to Eli for guidance. He emerges as a sort of natural leader, and even Tony can’t find something snarky to say about that.
A lot of things changed post-graduation, but they’ve always tried to get brunch when they’re in the same city. They have a running joke, now, that they’ve never been able to find a place that serves pancakes just as terrible as Pat’s. These get-togethers have been steadily declining in frequency over the last few years, but there’s not a lot either of them can do about that.
Steve is suspiciously quiet, which makes Tony just slightly move his arm and open one eye in curiosity. Steve is looking at the patchy sock in his lap.
Tony starts in the opposite direction, expecting Steve to follow, but he doesn’t. Tony slows and glances over his shoulder, one eyebrow arched in expectation.
The next few months bring about a dramatic though not altogether unwarranted reshuffling of Steve’s life.
Steve doesn’t answer, just straightens Tony’s legs and grips him tightly around the thighs, pulling them up so Tony’s butt lifts the slightest bit off the floor.
“And I like a lay who gives as good as he gets,” Tony says leans back in his chair. “So tell me right now, Steve Rogers, is there
Steve rolls his eyes, but he’s still smiling, holding the ends of Tony’s suit jacket to keep him close. “No. I only give a damn about you.”
3. Assigned to work on a “collaborative project”, which involves putting together weird Swedish furniture for the new conference room.
“You don’t,” Tony mutters, something softer slipping into his voice as goes back to resting against Steve’s chest, throwing an arm around his narrow waist. “You get lonely.”
One day, about three weeks into his tenure at Arc, Peter approaches Steve while he’s in the studio. He’s working on painting a few mock-ups for some of the posters they’re going to distribute as prizes for a competition that’s a part of the youth initiative. It’s still surreal that Pepper, the interns, and the rest of the staff at Arc believe people would be happy to receive his art as a prize for anything, but Natasha keeps telling him (a little hypocritically, he might add) that he needs to be nicer to himself, so.
“No livestock, Steve,” Tony says sternly. Steve is washing his hands under the water pump attached to the back of the house. Tony’s eyes glimmer with interest as he gets his jeans and his stomach wet in the process. “I mean it. No bees either.”
“It’s no problem, Wilson,” Tony smiles, handing the first aid kid to Steve so he can mess around with the stitches. “I’m really just trying to uphold a legacy, here, see, when I was twelve there was this pigeon with a broken wing and a wonky eye the front stoop of the apartment building and I, very graciously I might add, —“
“Yeah?” Tony asks, head lolling against the edge. The marble feels nice against his feverish skin. He fixes Steve with a lazy grin, hand moving idly back and forth along his tie. “What happened?”
“What about her?” Tony balances his tablet on his knees and flips through photo after photo of a pretty blonde girl from Steve’s (very seldom updated) Facebook friend list.
When Tony thinks about meeting Steve, it has nothing to do with their first interaction. As far as Tony’s concerned, he met Steve three months into their professional relationship, when, at one of their press briefings, conservative pundit Franklin O'Reilly started hounding Steve about how he doesn’t show enough regard for American lives, how he’s always championing minority causes, how he’s constantly getting involved in “foreign matters” even though he’s supposed to be “Captain America”.
“Fuck,” Steve says, eyes still squeezed shut. He starts rubbing his temple and Tony knows -- remembers, actually, from three years of marriage -- that this means he has a bitch of a prosecco-induced headache.
They throw a party at the penthouse and invite all their friends, because they share everything, now — places, people, and the inexplicable bone-deep feeling that they belong together. Rhodey tells him they’re moving too fast at least once a week, but Tony’s so far beyond reason, at this point, that he can’t even pretend to humor the idea of putting some distance between them. He doesn’t know what good it would do, anyway. Falling in love with Steve has only ever felt like hurtling towards the inevitable.
“Thank god,” Sam emerges moments later, throwing a grateful arm around Steve’s shoulder and leading them rapidly away from the dance hall. “I was dying in there.”
i'm so very fond of all my regulars on this story please come talk to me at any time on my blog quidhitch! again big thank you for seeing it through to the end! i hope you enjoyed <3
“I do alright for myself,” Steve smiles, laughing a little when Tony sticks his tongue out in response.
“Hey, guys,” Steve says carefully, shrugging off his jacket and tossing it into the hallway closet. He approaches the couch with caution, first making eye contact with Sam, whose expression is a worrying mixture of grim resignation and concern.
For a large part of the remaining car ride Riri remains curled petulantly against the door, but as they cross into greener territory, sparsely populated places where the world seems a bit new, she begins to unfurl. By the time Steve’s pulling into the parking lot, she’s peering curiously out the window, paying close attention to the crash of the ocean like she’s building a mechanical model of it in her mind.
Nothing about the moment seems particularly urgent, anyways, not like it usually does. All of their hookups thus far have been nuanced iterations of tearing each other’s clothes off and going at it for an hour before Tony disappears to the other side of the country. As much as Tony may joke about it, he never actually misses his flight. And there’s a reason for that.
Steve truly has no idea what to make of all of it, though he will concede that Tony created something pretty special with Arc Technologies. The building, the people who work there, the mission of the company — it all builds into something kind of beautiful, something Steve feels pretty good about being a part of, even if his role is restricted to designing trendy looking tote bags.
And, even still, when Tony looks up at him, he doesn’t see the face of the man who hurt him, the man who left him, the man who went on a fake vacation to Banff. He sees the man he’s in love with, a man who is almost certainly in love with him, too.
Rhodey doesn’t say anything when Pepper comes out with puffy eyes and squeezes Tony just a bit too hard during her hug goodbye. He gives Tony eyes though - We Will Talk About It Later Eyes - so Tony knows an interrogation is forthcoming.
“By the power vested in me,” old lady starts, eyes twinkling behind her glasses, “I now pronounce you husband and husband. As Mr. Stark would say — you may now seal the deal.”
“Friday?” he says hollowly, staring with growing dread at the little velvet box situated amongst Steve’s neatly folded underwear.
A silence passes between them, awkward and strange in a way silences never were before. Tony’s throat feels tight, even as he clears it to try and speak again.
Steve rolls his eyes but leans across the breakfast table anyways, patiently allows Tony to rifle through the hair at his forehead. There is, however, a sharp, sudden pain that makes Steve break into a light frown, drawing away from his husband just slightly.
They keep walking and Steve explains that he has three jobs: he draws for a webcomic, he walks dogs, and he works for the food bank on ninety-first and Broadway. He also tells Tony that he’s a vet who doesn’t believe in the military and that he gets in way too many fights for someone who does not have health insurance.
Steve’s eyes widen a little, and, god, there’s still nothing Tony loves more than throwing him off-kilter. “You can’t be serious,” he says, folding his arms over his chest.
They get burgers at a homey little diner about 15 minutes away from the research facility. It has a classic, red leather kind of aesthetic that’s endlessly charming to Steve, and the booths are spacious enough that he can sit cross-legged with his knees tucked up against him and still have room to spare. The burgers are also fantastic.
“Natasha didn’t go to work today,” Sam chews on his lip, then tugs the blanket a little tighter around Bucky, “she hasn’t come out of her room in ten hours. Bucky has several theories on how she’s peeing.”
“It’s been fun,” Steve concedes carefully. Brock’s most recent confession about Tony still swims in the back of his mind. “You have a very nice apartment.”
“The trajectory on the repulsor blast is coming along nicely. Would come along faster if you helped.”
Tony has an answer for everything — it’s a Stark trademark, practically written in his genetic code — but when he reaches for a witticism that’ll toss Steve off, he ends up clutching at air.
They lay in bed for a while. It's nice and Tony thinks they both need it more than they're willing to admit. This slice of time in the early morning—when Tony keeps drifting between sleep and consciousness and it's too early for anyone to expect anything of them—maybe this can just be theirs. For now, at least.
Steve’s eyes get all wide and hopeful, and Ruby seems to sense his excitement because Tony can here the thump, thump, thump of her tail from underneath their dining table. “Really? It’s expensive, but it’s not quite as flashy as the parties you’re—“
When the bell hooked to the front door tingles to signal the entrance of a customer, Steve looks up and finds that he’s
One second he’s standing on the stoop and the next he’s launched himself at Tony— wrapped his arms around Tony’s shoulders, wrapped his legs around Tony’s waist. Tony must see it coming because he’s already smiling when their mouths come together. His lips are warm and chapped, and Steve’s brain goes offline the second Tony’s hands move down his back, gliding down his body to settle beneath his legs. Steve faintly thinks that he can’t even feel the cold right now, he can’t even remember being anything but warm.
And if Steve laughs when Tony yells “Stay hydrated!” at his retreating figure, well. No one ever has to know.
For the rest of the evening, Tony keeps coming back to this one, overwhelming feeling: he really, really,
Two and a half hours later they are painfully sober and sitting on the floor of Steve’s kitchen in their underwear.
Sunset seems to pick up on this, too, because she lets out a high-pitched, grating laugh that, as short as it is, captures everyone’s attention. “I didn’t know you were interested in art, Tony.”
So Tony pays bail, collects Steve’s personal effects, and follows the fumbling, bright-eyed Officer who escorts him to the holding cell. Steve is sitting at the center of a bunch of twenty-somethings, listening to a young girl talking with an expression that's nothing but utter focus and compassion. His brow is creased and he’s leaning forward just a little bit, eyes widened in that helplessly earnest way that makes Tony’s chest seize.
Now, watching Steve come closer with this dopey, ridiculously lovestruck expression, he’s even more certain this was the right choice. The way they must be looking at each other right now — god. Everyone probably thinks they’re that couple. (Which they totally are. And Tony’s kind of smug about it.)
It’s really not how he would’ve wanted Steve to find him. He wonders which one of the cleaning staff ratted him out. Probably Molly. It becomes rapidly less important, as Steve crouches down in front of him in a worn-out t-shirt and jeans, sporting a full-on beard as if he hasn’t shaved in a week.
The morbidity of that thought doesn’t quite manage to sink in before there’s the sound of the terrace door opening, and someone cursing behind him. Tony whirls around — too fast, fast enough that he could easily lose his already precarious balance — and squints through the darkness.
The workshop was getting so crowded that he was heavily considering outsourcing his smashing, but this morning something seemed to shift. He woke up with Steve draped on top of him and snoring in his ear, and his whole body suddenly felt restless and ready, chock full of the kind of buzzing energy he’s sorely, sorely missed.
The flight back home is quiet. They could talk over the comms, but they don’t, just watching the city pass beneath them in silence. Tony’s lived the biggest parts of his life in four different places with four different people - Rhodey in Massachusetts, Pepper in Malibu, Yinsen in Afghanistan, and Steve in Manhattan. It’s been an incredible life, but watching the skyscrapers and city road disappear on the ground beneath him, he can’t say he’s unhappy with where he’s finally settled.
Peter takes a small, steadying breath. The one who’s not Led - the girl - has her hand loosely placed on his ankle. “I didn’t die forever. There’s still work to do. I took a break, for a while, but Mr. Stark... nothing’s changed. This is still what I want and I think I’m just getting started.”
Unfortunately, Tony’s sixth sense about Natasha’s request is legitimized minutes later, when he gets a phone call from Steve that brings together the pieces of his scattered thoughts. JARVIS patches Steve through, and, in lieu of a greeting, he says—
The song is over, but Steve gets Tony up off the couch anyway. He wraps an arm around Tony’s waist and loosely clasps their fingers together, swaying in a way that might be dancing but might also indicate lingering intoxication.
First, the finest defense attorney in the tri-state area turns up outside Bucky’s hospital room. Her name is Hope van Dyne and she is wearing a pantsuit that looks like it came straight from a Bergdorf’s window display. She says she’s there to help Bucky press charges against Brock Rumlow for aggravated assault. She also says her services have been completely paid for, though she refuses to divulge by who. Steve looks up where she graduated from: Harvard Law, the same year Pepper graduated Harvard Business.
America frowns down at Steve for several long, dragging seconds, before conceding a gruff “thanks” and offering him a hand. She pulls his entire super soldier body up with one hand and Tony is…. begrudgingly impressed. He chances a look at Riri, who is sitting next to him and completely enthralled by the whole spectacle. Tony can practically see the gears turning in her head, already cataloging the adjustments she’ll make to her armor, ways to level the playing field between her own human body and the enhanced individuals currently engaging in round two.
“It’s bad luck,” Steve had said primly, a blush blazing across his cheeks, “I don’t want to curse our marriage!”
Steve gets a job at an art gallery in Brooklyn. Rhodes' Instagram slowly fills up with embarrassingly couple-y pictures of Natasha. Bucky, to everyone’s shock, stops serial dating, and starts shooting more and more longing looks at Sam. Steve knows they’re going to have to have a conversation about that eventually, but it’s about all the relationship drama he can take for the rest of this year.
“What the hell were you doing?” Steve whispers, voice somehow soft and cutting at the same time. His eyes are big, so much bigger than they normally are.
“Yeah—“ Steve glances over his shoulder, quick, tentative. “I wasn’t sure if that— if we were still allowed to—“
He retrieves an old cookie tin, pops the lid, and draws out a small velvet box. Tony suppresses a smile at the (totally unnecessary) secrecy; Steve always got… almost childlike, around Christmas.
“I know a little about Top Secret things,” Steve replies, somehow managing to give the impression of a saucy wink without actually winking at all. Not a flirtation Tony has ever heard before but, in fairness, he also isn’t sure why they’re still standing in his doorway negotiating this very appealing prospect.
She sighed. “I guess you’re their emergency,” she said. “I guess you’ve been their emergency for twenty-five years, huh?”
“I know a few of those.”  Nancy’s eyes danced, glimmering like the sun filtering through leaves at the height of summer. "You okay?"  She asked. "You want me to stick around till he's gone?"
He looked around, feeling the anger still bubbling within him, and searching for a target. He considered perhaps ripping holes in Tony’s clothes, but that was a fixable inconvenience and, besides, spoiled Prince Tony did not care much for his breathtakingly expensive wardrobe. He had brought no slimy nor sticky substances to put in Tony’s shoes, nor any bugs or other such creatures to leave around and frighten him.
Worryingly white foundation, check. Froofy ponytail wig, check. Ostentatious gold-glitter jacket, check. Pointy stick-on fangs—he pulled them from his breast pocket and quickly squished them in place using the putty they came with—, check. He grinned at his reflection, partly from excitement and partly to test the hold of his new teeth. Good enough. With a little twist he checked out how his butt looked in the tight cream-coloured pants and nodded approvingly.
So he turned to Natasha and offered his arm, which she took gladly. “Have you started learning mathematics yet?” he asked her, as they walked up the steps into the keep.
“Well, excuse me, Miss My-Parents-Reared-Me-On-Twenty-Five-Year-Old-Scotch,” Ty answered. “Some of us have to settle for swill.”  But he kissed her head again, and then nuzzled his nose into her hair, warm and cuddly and soft.
“This is all we have,” Tony repeated, his fingers clenching on Steve’s belly through his tunic. “Is having even a little of me not worth it?”
“Miss, you’ll have to leave the stage now,” said the Dean. “May I wish you congratulations on your graduation?”
He faintly remembered Loki touching him with bloody fingers, tracing over his avian head, chest, and long neck, then muttering something darkly and aiming that terrible staff at him one more time.
Steve did not even have time to lodge a protest before Bucky chirruped, “Done,” and pranced over to shake Natasha’s hand. He then kissed the back of it and winked down at her.
Bucky was with Natasha as they waved. Natasha didn’t really need Tony, not like he needed her. She probably wouldn’t even miss him, not like he would miss her. He was a big boy, so he only cried a little on the way, but by the time he got out of the carriage his face was dry and he held his head up proudly.
That summer seemed to go by quicker than previous ones for Steve, possibly because he was busy most of his afternoons now, with Tony.
So Tony darted down the rest of the way to where Bucky was waiting as quickly as he could without completely sacrificing his dignity, and gripped the other man’s proffered arm. He gave in after a moment and pulled Bucky in for a brief hug, clapping him on the back and grinning.
“It’s a whittling knife,” Natasha said into the horrified silence. “Short blade. It probably hasn’t reached his heart. And he didn’t take it out, so he hasn’t bled out yet.”
“Whoever it is,” Steve said, having finally reached Tony’s side in his clandestine shuffle. “We have to assume they intend to carry out Loki’s scheme even with him gone.”
Though he looked as though he very much wanted to leave once that nicety was taken care of, Natasha latched onto Tony’s hand in a clawed way Steve was very familiar with, and dragged him into the room with the rest of them. Bucky called out a friendly greeting, which Tony returned reluctantly. Steve tried to feel vindicated that Tony was turning out to be such a toad now that he had left his childhood years behind him, but instead he felt disappointed and vaguely ill.
Both of them must have looked absolutely murderous indeed, because Hammer went even whiter, if possible, and closed his eyes reluctantly. “Lord Stane – it—it was Lord Stane.”
She smiled at him – then suddenly seemed to notice something surprising over his shoulder. She pushed him rather abruptly to the side and strode over to the carriage. “I am Princess Natasha,” she announced, demanding a response.
“And miss baby’s first arrest?” Tony asks, tossing Steve his jacket. Steve catches it deftly, and pulls it on over his absurdly broad shoulders. Tony is distantly amused by the shy, interested glances of his fellow cellmates.
Their movements grow unhurried and soft in no time at all, and when Tony pulls back to catch his breath, he takes note of the sinking sun in the corner of his eye. Everything about this moment is pink and hazy soft - the sky, the air between them, Steve.
“Yeah. Really good.” Steve’s looking down at his hands now, running his thumb along his ring finger with this dreary, cast over expression.
He’s expecting Riri so he’s been in the shop all morning, and the second he stops working he's hit with a backlog of exhaustion. Even with the quiet, he doesn’t sleep so well, only two or three hours a night. It’s the kind of thing that’s not really sustainable now that he’s no longer in his twenties.
“We’re getting married,” Tony agrees, and wraps his legs around Steve’s waist, leans down to kiss him.
So there is the small issue of Steve having vehemently rejected the inheritor of said conglomerate less than two months ago.
They both fall quiet for another half second, and then they’re coming together in a way that feels a lot more intentional. Tony pushes aside his coffee and his tablet, placing his hands on either side of Steve’s face and kissing him, deep, hard, with just the barest hint of teeth. Steve still has one hand on the juncture of Tony’s neck and shoulder, but the other has moved to his side, holding it in a firm, anchoring grip.
“I’m sorry, have you seen this article?” Tony waves about the advance copy of the magazine as if Steve has never seen it, as if his husband has not been nonstop reading excerpts from it all through breakfast. “Obviously it’s not like we would’ve done it or asked for it or anything, I just think that if we
“I know,” Tony says gently. And, fuck, is he crying a little? His eyes feel suspiciously wet as Pepper presses the ring into
“There’s something about a man in a kilt,” Pepper muses, eyes raking appreciatively over the screen, “Even when that man is Mel Gibson.”
“Anyways, a lotta my friends still work for SI, so I actually got invited to that party you’re talkin’ about,” Brock shrugs and rubs his chapped lips together pensively. “Dunno if I’m gonna go, though.”
There are some things in the world that make every enormously crappy thing that’s happened in Steve Rogers’ life pretty damn worth it. When he gets back to the tower after a three-hour briefing on a mission gone wrong, he’s greeted with three of them in quick succession: 1) his dog, Ruby, shoving her wet nose into his palm and running in excited circles around his feet, 2) a loaf of Sam Wilson’s Award Winning Zucchini bread, and 3) the presence of one Tony Stark, sprawled across their bed and staring really hard at a pile of paperwork. Knowing Tony, he’s probably not actually planning to complete any of it, and is actually triple-checking that he can’t magically read and sign everything telepathically.
Steve offers up another one of those stomach-dropping humorless smiles. “Did someone tell you I was on vacation in Banff?”
Steve actually looks a little harried about it now, like he didn’t quite mean to put this tension back between them. “I’m gonna go make lunch,” he says, rising from the floor and dusting off his sweatpants. Tony innocuously checks out his backside as he leaves, which he thinks might be more healing than the yoga.
“I haven’t been there for you,” he says quietly, and Tony immediately wants to interject, because no, no, no, but Rhodey doesn’t really give him the opportunity. “I didn’t realize you were— I didn’t realize how bad it was. You’re so resilient, Tony, I’ve seen you bounce back from things so quick before, and I just thought—” he cuts himself short, point dropping off into a frustrated huff. “And then I find out you had to get your
“I feel it,” he says, and leans forward to press a bruising kiss on Tony’s lips. They make out so long they miss their stop.
And then they haven’t talked for a week, and they’re both too stubborn to break the pattern. Tony spends the night sitting under his desk drinking very expensive scotch out of a very expensive crystal tumbler. He’s wearing the crimson tie that Steve got him for his birthday, except it’s hanging undone around his neck now, and he seems to have lost one of his shoes.
Tony raises an eyebrow but Steve’s not looking at him, innocently ducking into the car and exchanging pleasantries with Happy. Tony thinks there’s probably something to unpack about that later — the tight anger in Steve’s voice, the way his eyes are flashing, these are all signs that this is not something he’s going to let go anytime soon. Tony wants to help, if he can. Steve's been gradually teaching him more nuanced ways of community engagement than just writing enormous checks. To be fair, a lot of it is still just that, but connecting with people on the ground, inviting organizers to parties and checking in on their progress, that’s all important, too.
“Hello,” Steve says, phone pressed against his ear, he’s still smiling softly at Tony, one arm wrapped loosely around his waist.
His chest clenches around emptiness as they drive away, and he stares at the engagement ring in his hand wondering how his life got like this - got to the point where the kind of love and stability Pepper needed was no longer something he felt capable of giving. He’d worked his ass off just to crest that hill the first time, and a motherfucking titan and all the cosmic forces of the universe had to conspire to take it away from him. He supposes this is what it feels like, when new wounds start to heal - itchy and uncomfortable, a distant ache for normalcy that could still be months or years away.
Tony doesn’t say anything to that, just raises an eyebrow, the corner of his mouth curling into a small, amused smile. He’s startlingly handsome in that moment, the dark glimmer of his sharply intelligent eyes still alluring to Steve, even given everything he knows and everything he’s seen. Steve finds himself momentarily disarmed and Tony seems to realize it, because he suddenly sets down his empty glass, gives Steve yet another excruciatingly thorough once-over, and says, in a low, curious voice, “alright, slugger. Come dance with me.”
“How do you have time for this?” Steve asks, dipping a french fry into Tony’s shake and taking a delicate bite off the tip.
“One of the unfortunate consequences of befriending a Norwegian Prince,” Tony agrees and knocks Steve’s phone out of his hand, presses him up against the kitchen counter, and kisses him until he’s panting curses into the comfortable domestic quiet of the apartment.
Both she and Rhodey are impressed with Riri’s encyclopedic knowledge of everything. She even prattles off mindless statistics about armor that was never released for public consumption, somehow managing to get in both the year it was crafted and the error that halted production on the same breath. At one point, Rhodey looks around her head to raise an eyebrow at Tony, mouthing “for real?”. And all Tony can do is nod, ‘cause yeah, for real.
“—no!” Steve insists, because some small part of him had maybe been anticipating this, had been curious about this, but every awful instinct he’d had about Tony Stark had been right. “No, god, you’ve said enough! Literally, why would I want to date you? Before tonight the nicest thing you’ve said about me is that I was ‘fine’! You’re a snob and a playboy and, most importantly, you ruined the best relationship Natasha’s had maybe ever! What possible reason could you have for doing that? Did you think she wasn’t good enough for him? Just ‘cause she’s from Brooklyn and she didn’t go to a fucking Ivy—“
Tony pushes past the cereal and easily fishes out some intriguing shortbread, a couple heart-shaped jam-filled cookies, and a bag of Steve’s weird healthy Terra chips. He’s about to gather up his hoard and head back to the couch when he spies an unassuming little tin wedged in the very back of the cupboard, cartoon reindeers dancing around the rim. Attached to the bottom is a simple tag with the word ‘enjoy’ scrawled in slightly murder-y handwriting. Intrigued, he reaches inside and pulls the tin out completely, popping the lid with his thumb and surveying the brownies inside.
“Doesn’t make it any less true,” Steve echoes, and Tony rolls his eyes in a weak attempt to beset his smile.
Tony is about to go off on a whole spiel about what an absolute bastard he is, but Steve cuts it short by stepping forward and wrapping an arm around Tony’s waist, pressing a long, searing kiss to his mouth. There are crows of disgust over their comm lines, where their now gagging teammates are voicing dissent to the current proceedings. Tony uses the hand that’s not on Steve’s ass to turn off the connection.
They struggled on for another three and a half months before getting into a fight so explosive and so painful that the only solution seemed to be calling it quits. So Tony had compartmentalized his ass off, semi-permanently relocated to the West Coast, and released a tasteful press briefing about the split.
He doesn’t know what to do, really, except thank his lucky stars Natasha isn’t in attendance tonight. He knows he can’t confront Tony during the gallery opening, but he also knows that he can’t stay in this room watching Tony schmooze everything with a pulse for the next hour and a half.
Steve sighs and sets down the q-tip, reaching for Tony’s non-injured hand and brushing a kiss across his knuckles. “It’s okay.
“I’m ethically opposed to billionaires, but Tony is… okay,” his moody creative intern, MJ, tells him. She doles out the endorsement pretty reluctantly, but MJ’s reluctant about the expression of any positive sentiment, so that doesn’t say much, really. When Steve raises an eyebrow at the not-quite-compliment, she just shoves his arm and tells him to stop distracting her, which is how he’s certain it’s genuine.
He replays the events of the night before on a loop in his head: he knows he was right to reject Tony, he knows he was right to call him out on interfering with Natasha, and he knows he was
“And you wore those tight little yoga pants? And demonstrated just how aptly you can fold yourself in half, in full display of anyone who might happen to be refilling their coffee in the kitchen?”
. I’m not an ageist.” He struggles to his feet, then pulls Sam up after him. His socks slide a little and they nearly careen over the edge of the couch. Steve smiles fondly and turns back to his computer screen, fingers hovering over the keys.
“I just stayed late at work,” Steve leans against his doorjamb, grinning like a complete idiot. “What are you doing?”
He isn’t some kind of mentor. He makes sure he knows that, makes sure she’s certain he’s temporary. And he refuses to help her with her armor. He can’t keep enabling the presence of children in wars that grown men started.
Tony glances around the empty restaurant and appears to be fighting a smile as he leans forward to take hold of Steve’s hand. “Listen to me,” he says, eyes wide and intense enough to make Steve sit up a little straighter in his seat. “I would go anywhere with you. I could be at the playboy mansion on superhero night with several scantily clad models clinging to my armor, and I’d still rather be— I don’t know, what’s the most boring thing we do? Grocery shopping? I’d still rather be grocery shopping with you.”
Steve considers this, then tucks Tony’s wallet into the back pocket of his jeans and takes a tentative step forward. Tony passes him the hammer and Steve’s big hand closes around the grip, thumb brushing against Tony’s as he pulls away.
“Fuck that,” the other kid says, examining Tony with a cool, disapproving stare, “like I’m missing out on this drama.”
It becomes a thing. Or, Tony purposefully makes it a thing, because different people have different strategies for adjusting to the reality of a newfound lifetime commitment. Two weeks down, forever to go.
Steve stays the whole day. True to his word, he doesn’t actually bother Tony. He sits in the workshop, stationed next to DUM-E, and pulls a beat out paperback out of his pocket. Tony tells himself he doesn’t care what Steve’s reading, but he steals a glance at the cover anyways.
Steve braces both his hands on Tony’s shoulders and unceremoniously rolls them over. He then proceeds to smile smugly, like he wasn’t just writhing and panting under Tony moments before.
Pepper heaves a slightly staticky sigh on the other end of the line, and Tony can vividly picture her left eye twitching. “Why did you cancel the appointment I made for you? On the seventh.”
She helps, surprisingly. It only happens every few months, and Steve always makes him go to therapy the next morning. That helps, too.
...well, he pauses, considering his other guests. It’s more of a 5-man death quest now. Tony can’t decide if that’s better or worse. Steve would probably say better. Tony isn’t so sure.
“No,” he says, grabbing the front of Steve’s shirt. He moves so suddenly he spills the scotch onto the carpet and bumps his head against the top of the desk, but it hardly matters. When he presses his cheek against Steve’s scratchy one, he knows they’re still meant to be.
“Another save-the-date,” Sam sighs, tossing the invitation on the counter and settling into the stool next to Steve. “Aren’t people supposed to do this shit over the summer? It’s September.”
three-pronged claw raised in interest. Tony feels a wave of affection rise and break in his chest, and he knows Steve is waiting with bated breath for his review, but he’s struggling pretty hard to find words other than “marry me again, please?”
Tony makes a lot of shit that doesn’t go anywhere, which is something people don’t really understand about science. For every revolutionizing piece of technology he creates, there are about ten other failed solutions he tried first. Sometimes the parts are reusable, sometimes even failed prototypes are worth saving, and other times--
“That’s not even a little bit fair, Steve, and you know it. I needed to be in Malibu, the people I could trust were in Malibu, and I thought if I could just—“
Tony slips out of Steve’s hold and claps a hand over his mouth, chest seizing with laughter. “I really don’t think we need to relive that.”
So that hadn’t been the best of Tony’s marriage plots, but in his defense, he was riding on the high of a seriously powerful neurochemical cocktail, one that could only be brought about by spells of extreme violence that happened go his way.
Steve heaves a resigned sigh, but there’s laughter in his eyes, and he rubs sweetly at the base of Tony’s spine. “You real set on that order, Mr. Stark?”
“Well, this Thursday you’re going to have to make your own,” Steve is completely unsympathetic as he moves around the kitchen like a whirlwind. He’s packing lunches - they’re for America, Eli, and Peter, Tony thinks they’re supposed to train today - and also trying to throw together a sufficient breakfast for himself. His hair is a mess and his flannel his half hanging off his shoulders. Captain America is never this poorly put together an hour before he has a social engagement - Steve might even be late today.
Steve’s mouth quirks in a smile, but his eyebrows are drawn together, concerned. He nods towards the TV. Tony squints at the screen.
Steve kisses him again. Tony gives into it instantly, pulling him impossibly closer, making a little sighing sound as Steve continues to pull at his hair. Steve had a point — a whole follow-up speech — but they both lose track of themselves, sinking into each other and into this sharply sweet feeling of
“Sorry,” Steve says, shaking his head as if that’ll disperse the image of Tony in well-fitted three piece suit. “One of those guys is dating my friend. He’s hosting a party, this Friday, that’s why I’m busy.”
Tony makes his way to where Steve is reading the paper on the couch, plopping disruptively between the V of his legs and completely ignoring Steve’s ‘hey, I was doing something’ grunt. He discards the paper moments later and settles his hands on Tony’s hips, so Tony figures it’s fine either way.
Tony doesn’t miss a beat. “You should be honored,” he says, laughter dancing at the edge of his voice. “I mean, the man is a legend.”
“Or you could just hold onto it for me! Until I’m—uh, better, or whatever. You can even drink some of it.”
He’d called them both as soon as he had the full information. Mrs. Williams had sounded shaken, but seemed to respond well to Tony’s attempts at reassurance. May Parker had dispensed a tight thank you, and a request for continual communication.
Steve pinches his thigh under the table and Tony squirms a little, laughing and batting his hand away. He nearly knocks over his smoothie in the process, but Steve doesn’t presently have the brain power to wonder if that was really an accident.
“She just never got to know you,” Steve says, looking at Tony over the top of the honest-to-god physical newspaper he insists on getting delivered to the tower, “
Rhodes looks like he wants to say something about the drinking, but he purses his lips a little and shakes his head. Sunset, sitting next to him with her absurdly long legs draped one over the other, eyes Tony like some kind of starving jungle cat. Steve shifts uncomfortably in his seat.
“Hmm,” Tony muses into the rim of his coffee mug. He takes one long, purposefully slow sip, eyeing his husband curiously. “Kinda looks like you already have an idea.”
Steve flips him off, but the gesture probably doesn’t seem particularly threatening since he can’t help the laughter that rises in him, shoulders shaking with it. Tony winks at him then promptly loses his balance on the exercise ball and falls on his face. That only makes Steve laugh more.
“Something I can help you with?” Steve says tightly, folding his arms over his chest and eyeing Tony warily.
It’s the first time he’s shown up to therapy without someone threatening to cut him off in the background. On time, no less - he can’t tell if the secretary’s more alarmed by this, or the fact he turns up in the lobby with half his shirt unbuttoned.
“—he was smitten, she was indifferent!” Tony insists, dragging a hand through his hair. His voice is rising to a decibel that matches Steve’s, and Steve briefly contemplates how ridiculous they must look, having this argument at 12 AM in an alleyway that smells a little bit like pee. “I was protecting him, he was falling too fast too hard and she barely treated him any differently than she treated you or me or anyone else!”
He has his back turned to Steve and seems completely focused on the hunk of red and gold metal in front of him, something Steve doesn’t even want to try and guess the purpose of. He’s also headbanging pretty hard to the music, and, at one point, pauses his scientific exploits to play a little air guitar.
“What’re you doing Friday night?” Brock asks, leaning up against the side of a building, hands shoved in his pockets. He smells a little like smoke, so Steve figures he probably wants a cigarette and is really only holding back for the benefit of the asthmatic in the near vicinity.
Steve adopts a greyhound named Ruby. She is very large and very weird and scared of an innumerable amount of things - the list so far includes doors, things that squeak, Pepper, screwdrivers, oven mitts, the left side of the couch in the sitting room, anything that’s orange, and the sound of soda bottles opening.
also big thanks to fernanda for the prompt!! i hope you enjoyed how everything turned out bc you are the sweetest person ever <3
“She says she doesn’t belong to this earth, she can’t have a home here,” Steve rubs a hand over his face, expelling a long-suffering sigh, “she has a ‘responsibility to the multiverse’.”
When Steve finally slips inside him, Tony feels it again - that incomprehensible flicker of recognition.
Riri complains loudly and pouts, but Steve is obstinate, standing in front of her with a small, patient smile and enormous arms folded over his chest. He evades her questioning about what ‘out’ means, evades everything she says entirely, really, until she pushes up off the floor, takes the welding goggles off her face, and concedes to follow him upstairs. Tony trails behind both of them, amusement blooming in his chest.
“You’re absolutely right,” Steve laughs a little, bumping his shoulder against Sam’s. “Dodged a bullet.”
Steve meets Brock Rumlow at the bakery. The bakery is Steve’s favorite job - better hours than the Pottery Barn and better company than the frozen yogurt store, plus he gets to take home pastries at the end of the day and curry favor with his hungry roommates. That afternoon, Steve’s coworker has stepped out and he’s alone in the shop singing along to Abba (slightly off-key) under his breath.
And the worst thing is, since he’s so quiet, Tony doesn’t always wake when it happens. Sometimes he does, and then he can gather Steve into his arms, rub his chest, kiss his forehead, and tell him it’s going to be just fine. Everything’s going to be just fine.
“Sounds good,” Steve hums, hand edging beneath the hem of Tony’s shirt, rubbing the sensitive skin along his hip. “I love you. Sorry you had to pick me up from jail.”
“Hey, Pete,” Steve says mildly, crossing through the living room and studiously staying out of Peter’s warpath. “Hey, you,” Steve comes up alongside the armchair and leans down to kiss Tony in greeting, but Tony only tolerates it for a second and a half before returning to his ice cream. Go figure. “Thought we said no eating outside the kitchen.”
Tony scoffs, a loud, derisive sound that makes embarrassment curl low in Steve’s stomach. Steve can’t stand it when he does that, makes him feel small and inferior with the slightest noise or gesture.
“Are you wearing jeans?” he asks, thoroughly delighted. Pepper sleeps in a silk nightgown, the last time he saw her in jeans and a t-shirt was... god, Tony can’t even remember.
On Steve’s last day in D.C., Tony wakes up at five in the morning to see Natasha Romanoff sitting on top of his dresser.
Rhodey pulls back, but his hands stay on Tony’s shoulders, firm and grounding. His eyes are fierce when he says, “I’m still mad, but it’s not always your fault, Tony. You know that right?”
“And you need to stop eating like a college student,” Steve carefully extracts the ice cream from Tony’s grip, one eyebrow raising at the absolutely decimated contents of the carton. “Is this all you’ve had for dinner?”
He hadn’t fallen in love with Steve, then. He’d just known he wanted to spend the rest of his life with him.
Steve and Sam maneuver around it - probably not as gracefully as is customary because they’ve both had a few drinks - and settle respectively on the second and third steps.
It doesn’t actually take much convincing to get Brock’s word he’ll make a brief appearance on Friday — Steve manages it on the walk from the hot dog stand to the Subway station. Steve very narrowly dodges Brock’s attempt to kiss him as he steps onto the platform, but they do exchange numbers so the promise of something later is still alive. He doesn’t know if Brock’s really a long-term relationship kind of guy, but he could be.. fun to have fun with, if Steve could wrap his head around the idea of starting something like that. He ponders it on the way home, relaying every detail of the afternoon to Sam via text and receiving a series of alarming emojis in response.
He just— wants the damn suit off him, and he’s yelling that like some sort of maniac, and then Steve’s ripping the armor into its constituent pieces with his bare hands. It’s terrifying, but once the chest plate falls away, Tony can finally breathe.
“You should come watch with us,” Kate chimes. Natasha shoots someone on screen. “It’s very fun! And educational.”
Steve doesn’t. He’s texting Sam, trying to get ahold of him. They’re three hours ahead in New York, so Sam should be finishing his shift any minute now. He’s the closest to Mount Sinai — he needs to, he needs to go—
The rest of the kids are sitting on or up against the couch. Peter’s stationed at the arm, crouched up like a spider, his friend whose name is apparently Ned is taking up the couch cushion next to him. The one Tony suspects is Peter’s girlfriend is leaned up against Ned’s legs. Kate, America, and Eli take up the rest of the space, squished together in a way only Kate really looks comfortable with. Tony quietly observes America sneak a glance at Kate out of the corner of her eye, cheeks suspiciously pink. A few feet away from them, Peter’s looking down at Michelle with a funny face too.
“I’m in a bit of a tough spot, actually,” Steve starts, expression far too innocent to actually be innocent. When they were…. doing whatever they were doing, five years ago, Tony had been a master at distinguishing moments of Genuine Steve Rogers Confusion At The Modern World and moments of Genuine Steve Rogers Assholery. “Mr. MacDonald went into the city to get mulch from the really, really good mulch suppliers - you know, the people who make the ethical stuff? Anyways, I actually left my key inside the house, so I’m locked out until he gets back. Was wondering if we could hang out. Just for a bit. Wouldn’t want to infringe too much on your solitude.”
Frankly, the whole thing smells a little like karmic retribution for the time Tony pulled the same Drunk, Horny, and At Your Door act about a month and a half ago. He will say, though, he had the decency to knock instead of
Steve goes still and Tony realizes that he can literally hear the birds chirping this far away from the city. The birds are chirping, the sun is shining, and Steve is sporting an expression startlingly similar to his O-face. Life is good.
“What are you wearing?” Tony snickers. She supplies a wrench from somewhere on her person and threatens to hit him with it.
, and has been concealing it from Steve through the cover of his office. The second is surprise, a sort of passing, wondering thought at how loosely he relates the name Anthony with his husband Tony.
Tony spends the rest of the afternoon keeping the conversation carefully away from Steve, New York, and related stressors. He doesn’t tell Rhodey he got to the diner on time and was only late because he couldn’t muster the energy to get out of his car. His shades are tipped over his face so Rhodey can’t see the circles under his eyes, and he chugs three cups of green tea to mask the fact he hasn’t brushed his teeth.
“So, what?” Tony asks, taking a sip of coffee and trying, possibly in vain, to pretend that Rhodey hasn’t just come for his whole life and family with his exposé. “You’re saying all this annoying shit Steve does isn’t actually annoying? I’m manufacturing it in a pathetic effort to— to test the strength of our friendship?”
Steve wrinkles his nose. “Are you putting me in league with Ronald Reagan ‘cause you’re mad at me or ‘cause you’re trying out some kind of reverse psychology seduction strategy?”
But the second it’s threatened in literally any way, Tony has a full on conniption, as evinced by ReedRiftGate 2k18. Tony still can’t talk about that without his eye twitching.
“Je ne connais que le français,” Steve says idly, picking at a loose thread on the cuff of his skinny jeans and watching Tony very earnestly try to shove a round piece into a star-shaped hole. Tony has stripped off his button-down and is maneuvering large pieces of furniture in a fitted black tank top that leaves very little to the imagination. Over the last half hour, a light sheen of sweat appeared along the dips of his biceps.
It’s going to be a December wedding. Tony rents out a mansion in upstate New York, and Steve compiles a guest list so short he only needs one piece of paper. They release a press announcement that they’re engaged, but Pepper carefully centers the detail that they haven’t decided on a date yet. The last thing they need is a bunch of news outlets crashing their quiet, distinguished ceremony.
As the conversation begins to peter out, Natasha’s retorts getting weaker and weaker, a small, exhausted silence descends between them.
He kisses both of Rhodey’s smiling cheeks and pulls back to focus his attention on Pepper, who is drumming her manicured fingers on the roof of the car impatiently.
“Yeah,” he says roughly, trying to combat the effect of the hearts that probably just popped up in his eyes.
“No,” Rhodey says again, shaking his head, “just—no.” Something strains in his voice, something that makes Tony’s immediate retort wilt on his tongue. Rhodey’s eyes snap closed, he shakes his head, and he takes a steadying breath that quivers just slightly on the inhale. When looks at Tony again, his expression seals over with a kind of resolute determination.
Tony says things like that sarcastically, like somehow they couldn’t be farther from the truth. The strange irony in the practice really only makes Steve want to ravish him all that more thoroughly.
“You want to go home,” Tony says again, but this time his voice is soft, open, clearly coming from a position of absolute willingness give in to Steve’s somewhat agoraphobic impulses.
But that doesn’t stop him from standing there and grinning at Steve in silence for what is perhaps a serial-killer-y amount of time.
“I don’t think we should go back down there,” Steve says, this time with a little more conviction. “You— you obviously didn’t like it.”
“—Anyways, breaking Brock’s contract to fire him means we had to pay him a pretty hearty severance package. If he’s blown through the money that fast, it’s ‘cause of his own poor financial planning. He’s really not suffering as a person in any way. I know why you thought he might be, why you were so quick to listen to him — I realize I’ve been — maybe not the… easiest person, to believe, or like, or whatever. But he’s a fucking shithead. Please just — I’m not trying to tell you what to do, but — um, he doesn’t have your.. best interests… at heart."
The corner of Steve’s mouth twitches into a half-hearted smile, but it’s gone so fast, lost to the heaviness of his mouth and brow. “I’m sorry, Tony. I think--” Steve cuts himself off, shaking his head. He rubs at the corner of his eye and takes a steadying breath. “--I think I came here on instinct. I was trying to get home.”
He’s going to say yes. But he can’t actually do that unless Tony gets it together enough to ask. Steve turns around and glares at the wall.
PLAYBOY TONY STARK RETURNS TO MALIBU! HE AND BEST FRIEND, JAMES RHODES, HAVE A MEMORABLE NIGHT ON THE TOWN. Beneath the headline is a photo of Tony with his arm slung around Rhodes, both holding empty glasses. Tony’s laughing at something happening out of shot and Rhodes is looking pensively at his shoes.
“I mean,” Steve says, and his eyes are smiling even if his mouth isn’t, “do you actually imagine any of this is working on me?”
“No,” Tony says, shaking his head and silently correcting an error in a line of her code. “No, only someone who really loved you would do that.”
“I really have to get going,” Steve, chewing his last bit of bagel and swallowing hastily, washing it down with a sip of coffee straight from the pot. He shrugs on the other side of his flannel and tucks the keys to the truck in his pocket, gathering the brown bags up in one hand. “I’m already behind schedule.”
“It’s just something small,” Steve starts, shrugging as Tony tips open the box. “I know you’ve already got a thousand, but I just thought...”
“Also, we love her,” Sam chokes out — a quick glance backward tells Steve he’s struggling out of Bucky’s headlock.
Steve’s eyes feel wet and he sniffles pathetically, hastily wiping at them with the sleeve of his sweatshirt. “Missed you too, Buck.”
It’s a testament to how much he initially underestimated Steve, that he doesn’t seem to believe Tony in the slightest. He bites his lip like he’s thinking about something. His hand is still folded protectively over Tony’s.
Part of the reason it’s back might have to do with the man currently sitting on his work bench right now, peaceably sipping a green smoothie and reading James Baldwin. Tony’s found that he doesn’t mind the noise, that that might actually be the first thing he and Steve have in common.
“In the morning,” Tony starts, briefly cut off with a small yawn, “in the morning, you’re going to teach me about Divestment. And we’ll talk about what we can do.”
“Yeah,” Steve smiles crookedly, reaches up to run his hand through Tony’s hair. Tony very nearly moans at the feeling. “Yeah, a chocolate milkshake too.”
They’re both supposed to be writing mission reports, but they spend there rest of the evening lying on the couch, talking to each other about absolutely nothing and cooing at Ruby in soft voices. And, for a minute, Tony’s entire world is the sound of the rain pattering at the window, the smell of Steve’s cologne against his couch cushions, and the slightly bony weight of their dog in his lap. It's hard to imagine things ever getting better.
Tony isn’t looking at Steve while he says it, so Steve quickly resolves that that’s not flirting — that can’t possibly be flirting, right? Because if it is, it’s really bad flirting and shouldn’t Tony Stark, world-renowned playboy and the supposed most eligible bachelor in Manhattan, show a little more expertise?
Rhodey’s saved by the arrival of their pancakes, stacked 6 inches high and slathered in things that would make Tony’s highly expensive cardiologist pass out. He and Rhodey dig in at the same time, chew in thoughtful silence, and exhale twin utterances of disappointment.
Riri rolls her eyes at him, but she’s never outright rebuked one of his dismissals. Tony gets the sense that she doesn’t think she deserves… this - whatever this is, access to his resources and his knowledge. Tony wants to tell her she actually deserves so much more, but that’s the sort of encouragement a mentor gives to his mentee, and as he’s established, he doesn’t need another one of those relationships. The only way that ends is in Riri ashing away or getting blown up or finding herself trapped in some other reality with Tony left behind to explain to her mother how the hell this happened.
Steve grins, ‘cause he really can’t put together anything to say to that. Tony’s so quick and so clever that he sometimes catches Steve right off guard, even in the wryest of moods.
Steve nods in understanding, rises from the couch, and sucks down the last dredges of his smoothie. He drops the empty plastic cup in the trash and pulls open Tony’s work drawer, rifling through the items in search of Tony’s wallet.
Tony thinks, watching him accidentally drop them into the recycling bin, realize his mistake, then freak out and nearly knock the whole thing over in his attempt to fish them back out.
At the very least, trying to coax the flat line of Steve’s mouth into a smile is a thrill-inducing challenge, and Tony has never been known to back down from one of those.
It’s... weird. Or at least it should be, because this man was Steve’s sworn enemy mere months ago. He can’t deny it, though — even if his uncharitable feelings towards Tony Stark haven’t entirely dissipated, this encounter only feeds Steve’s growing curiosity about the man so many people at Arc seem to know, the man Steve doesn’t actually think he’s ever met.
“It’s all over your Instagram,” Tony says, and then, upon hearing those words aloud, instantly realizes how ridiculous they sound. “....oh. Barnes or Wilson?”
Steve doesn’t respond, just fixes Tony with an impervious, mild expression. Tony can’t decide if it’s making him mad or stoking his scientific curiosity. Probably a little bit of both. He’s hard-pressed to have a single thought about Steve that isn’t fraught with inconsistency.
They order way too much food, but Steve cleans it up pretty well and they resolve to live on the leftovers for all of the weekend.
Of course, he’d initially thought it was in a professional, patriotic, do-gooding kind of context, the sexy stuff came much, much later, but still. The sentiment still held. Tony believed in lifelong commitment again, even if it didn’t bear the same branding certain traditionalists would say it should.
“Mr. Stark changed my life,” he says simply, dropping his shoulder in a small shrug. “He wrote me a recommendation letter for MIT. He paid for my textbooks when my Aunt lost her job. He actually pays me, for this internship, which is so rare for undergraduates.” Peter looks up at Steve with starry eyes. Like, literally. Steve can see little anime stars lighting up his eyes. “He’s just an amazing guy. I think he really cares about all of us, you know?”
Heat rises on Steve’s cheeks, but he refuses to be deterred, even as he’s fighting a smile. “You had a point, I believe?”
He’s still gripping the extinguisher when Steve appears in the entryway of the workshop, arm in a sling, a fucking beard covering the lower half of his face. His hair is also — darker. And long. He’s leaning against the doorjamb, resting his head against the frame, looking at Tony with this sweet, tired smile. That expression quickly devolves into alarm as Tony charges at him, throws his arms around Steve’s shoulders and squeezes so tight Steve lets out a light grunt in pain.
“‘Cause I’m a fucking idiot.” Tony pauses, moving his hand away from his face and meeting Steve’s eyes again. There’s a startling sort of honesty there that steals the breath right out of Steve’s traitorous, asthmatic lungs. “‘...Cause I — ‘cause I like you. Fuck, Steve, I like you so much, it’s ridiculous.”
“Feel what?” Steve asks, a parody of Tony’s earlier teasing. He’s such a bitch. Tony can’t get enough of it, honestly.
“You trying to let an old man catch up?” Tony asks, quirking an eyebrow and curling his fingers into the front of Steve’s shirt.
“The rift as in the rift in the time-space continuum? The rift in the time-space continuum created by Reed Richards?”
“Anthony, if you put me through this for literally no reason, I’ll actually stab you. I’ll take off my stiletto and stab you right now, don’t think I won’t.”
And that feels like a gut punch — because maybe Tony hadn’t quite realized or processed it yet, that that was what he was thinking about while standing on the ledge of a heart-rending drop. Had he really wanted that? To die?
“Don’t have one,” Steve shakes his head, placing one of Tony’s dishes on the drying rack. He pauses and looks up at Tony with a charmingly crooked smile. “I’ve just been here. With you.”
“You had a date,” Steve says suddenly. He’s looking at Tony now, eyes still squinted, features contorted into a wince. There’s something so sad in the tilt of his brow, the way he takes in Tony’s appearance with a slow, dragging gaze then quickly averts his eyes, like he’s remembered he’s no longer allowed to look.
“Probably America,” Steve is grinning, wide and breathless as he swipes the device away from Tony. “Just give me a second, I’ll take this call and tell her I can’t come in today.”
And then Tony— well, he has some sort of stroke, probably, that’s really the only logical explanation for the… for the cooking. Which he can’t stop once he starts, he’s pulling ingredients out of the fridge and he’s making pasta and he’s telling Friday to have someone deliver him pasta sauce because he’s a fucking billionaire whose never had to learn how to make it from scratch.
Tony calls parents, makes sure everyone has a ride home. He hugs Peter and rumples his hair. He hugs Riri - for the first time, he notes with a sliver of fear and surprise - and they hold each other tight, her curls tickling the bridge of his nose. When they pull apart, she punches him in the arm - perhaps a little too hard - and sniffles.
Riri snorts and folds her arms over her chest, cocking her hip to one side. “Was it supposed to be hard?”
They only exchange idle, meaningless conversation for a sliver of a moment more before drifting off to their respective sleeps. Tony likes to think Steve's dreamscape involves mandatory pancake breakfasts, widespread democratic socialism, and at least double the amount of golden retrievers currently scurrying around the face of the planet.
Steve ends up getting in the shower with his clothes on, which shouldn’t really be surprising to Tony considering he was always good at playing down his level of drunkenness until the absolute worst moment. Tony has to get in the shower with him and pull wet clothes off his body, pretend not to notice the bruises across his torso or the fact that Tony’s initials are wrapped around his hip, written in neat, black ink.
Resting on a little velvet hill are a pair of cufflinks, immediately recognizable as monochromatic 2D replications of DUM-E,
“Ten years of marriage, and now you need a little romancing?” Steve says, slipping his hand beneath the robe to cup Tony’s hip. “Going soft on me, Stark?”
“Why aren’t you building suits anymore?” she asks, apropos of nothing. It isn’t even really the toughest question she’s hit him with tonight - she’d stared him right in the face after insinuating his fiancé left him for his best friend.
By the time Kate and Eli show up, the fight is mostly over. They both help with containment, rounding up the last of the bots, and communicating with the local authorities. Steve and Tony drop their names and support into these conversations, but Steve places a hand on the small of his back, a way of urging him to step away, to let the kids learn how to do this. It’s a strange feeling, releasing some of the responsibility that’s been looming across his shoulders for the past decade and a half, but he realizes that he’s been doing it more and more these past few weeks.
but it's so much more intense than that. And it's completely silent, sometimes in his sleep. And if he does wake up for it, he still doesn’t make a sound, just presses the back of his hand to his mouth and squeezes his eyes shut.
Tony presses his nose against Steve’s temple, fingers moving in rhythmic, quick movements up and down his length. Steve is panting for it now, back curving in a delicate arch, fingers curling tighter in Tony’s hair. Shivers snake down Tony’s spine, his own arousal hot and insistent against his thigh. He ignores it.
And that’s how Tony ends up in the outdoors for the morning, laying on his back in the dirt and looking over schematics while Steve digs careful holes in the ground next to him. He watches Steve more than he cares to admit, sipping at iced coffee and sparing glances at him over the tops of his sunglasses. There’s something so right about Steve on a farm - doing gentle, careful work with his hands, humming under his breath, wiping sweat from his brow as his skin turns golden under the sun. The sight is…. admittedly kind of sweet, especially when one of Tony’s blueprints goes drifting away on a particularly strong breeze and Steve chases after it with all his supersoldier-endowed strength.
Steve spends far more time at the compound than Tony. His sublet with Mr. MacDonald comes to an end, so he spends half his nights in Tony’s house and half his nights in the on-sight dormitory. (He and Tony continue to sleep in separate rooms, of course. Everyone thinks they’re fucking - Sam’s insufferable about it whenever they cross paths - and it’s a little annoying that no one’s giving Tony credit for how great he’s doing restraint-wise. He’s not totally sure why they’re restraining anymore, but hey, damn it if he’s gonna be the first one to say ‘chicken’.)
Steve makes a noncommittal sound of agreement, eyes drifting closed. “At least Natasha found some fun.”
“No,” Steve says, voice quivering a little. He curls his hands into fists at his sides and resolutely ignores the hurt that flashes across Tony’s face, ignores the responding tug in his own chest. “I mean — I don’t even think you asked me out in… all of that… mess.. but even if you had — no. That was — god, I can’t see how you’d be disappointed given that you just rattled off an itemized list of reasons I am
When he finally does open his mouth to speak, he really means to say something serious, to say thank you, but what comes out instead is—
“She looks happy,” Sam says quietly, and Steve opens one eye to look at him, mouth tipping up in an affectionate smile.
“How is he?” Steve mouths, sinking into the chair up against his bedside and reaching to stroke gingerly over Bucky’s knuckles. His face is a little cut up and there’s bruising around his collar and his chest. His arm is in a sling. Steve's heart aches for him.
“I think fun found Natasha. Graduated-first-in-his-class-at-MIT-James-Rupert-Rhodes took one look at her and he was smitten.”
“No need,” Steve’s doing the thing where he’s not quite smiling, but his eyes are sparkling like something’s really amused him. Tony used to love that face, he used to think he’d move mountains for that face. Now it just translates to a dull ache in the space where the arc reactor used to be. “I’m staying in town, actually. I’m renting a room with Mr. MacDonald. Kinda funny, right? Old MacDonald’s really got a farm.”
“Idiot,” Tony digs his nails into the nape of Steve’s neck, mostly to offset the affection blooming at the center of his chest. “We’re too old to be doing it in the apartment entryway.”
There is yet another breaking sound, and Steve turns around to see the fight resolved over the ruins of a lamp he thinks was probably already broken. Bucky still looks vaguely guilty, and Sam pats him consolingly on the shoulder.
And then Steve appears in the doorway of the church, red and yellow flowers clasped in his hand, looking shy and positively virginal. Maybe it’s corny, but the second Tony’s eyes lock on Steve’s face, all the racket in his head goes completely, blissfully silent.
Steve doesn’t need to tell him to shut up this time. He just tugs him down, presses their lips together, and makes him.
“Steve,” Tony interrupts, although, it is extremely hilarious that Old MacDonald has a farm and he will be capitalizing on that irony in his phone call to Pepper this weekend, “you cannot stay in the town that I’m staying in. That - it defeats the point of me buying this place with the express purpose of getting some much-needed solitude.”
He heaves a sigh, appraising his unfinished portrait which he will definitely not have time to finish this weekend since he has back to back shifts at the bakery and the Pottery Barn. He could wake up early Monday morning to finish part of it, then chug three Red Bulls after work and clock a couple night hours to wrap up. It’d be fine. He’d work it out. He always did.
“It wasn’t that embarrassing,” Steve says carefully, eyes flicking up to meet Tony’s. Steve knows it’s the softest he’s ever sounded or looked when addressing him, and Tony looks surprised at the treatment, so, naturally, Steve can’t help but choose this moment to blurt out, “Did you tell Rhodes that Natasha had real feelings for him? That she’s in California right now?”
Which makes Tony try to weakly slap one of Steve’s boobs, but that’s actually a lot more painful for him because of the fresh burns on his hand, so the prospect of dinner is abandoned entirely until he gets a little medical attention.
don’t want to go back downstairs,” Steve interjects, pivoting strategies so fast it nearly gives Tony whiplash. He looks far too proud of himself for having thought of it, and Tony, eye twitching, briefly considers pushing him off the roof.
Peter shows up, he calls Steve. Riri asks him about death, he calls Steve. The oven stops working, he calls Steve. He forgets the word for ‘wrench’, he calls Steve.
“What are you doing?” Steve asks, and the softness in his voice literally makes Tony want to hurl. “Have you eaten at all today?”
Tony comes up behind Steve in the mornings, pokes the part of his side where Tony knows he’s ticklish, and cackles over their subsequently ruined eggs.
Tony gets an interior designer to set up everything except the walls, which he leaves blank so Steve can paint murals in the hallways. He sketches out a cartoonish shawarma wrap in the kitchen, a more realistic flock of birds mid-flight up the staircase, and a glowing, mechanical heart in the bedroom.
“Is he going to be okay?” Tony’s voice is so gentle. Kind. Steve wants to sink into it, feel something than the overwhelming dread and worry tightening his chest.
But he doesn’t really get the chance to feel lonely, because Natasha surprises him by turning up on his doorstep two hours later, a bottle of wine and four seasons of Rupaul’s Drag Race on DVD in hand. They get wonderfully, deliriously inebriated and Steve, interestingly enough, spends the majority of the night with thoughts of Tony Stark and his revolutionary solar panels swimming in the back of his mind.
Steve looks at Sam with wide eyes and Sam presses his finger to his lips, grinning like a moron. Steve huffs out a small, barely perceptible sigh and presses his laughter into Sam’s shoulder.
He tips the bottle against his lips, the combination of the burn of the alcohol and the whipping air bringing tears to his eyes. The drop doesn’t look so long, from where he’s standing, and he thinks it wouldn’t be any different from all the other times he’s almost died while plummeting at an alarming speed through the open air. Jumping in the actual suit, of course, would make for a far easier clean up. He pities the poor Stark Industries intern who’d have to scrape his remains off the sidewalk and throw ‘em in an urn for Pepper.
Tony glances at Steve, who doesn’t look up from where he’s sewing Sam back together, but is sporting a small, pleased smile and a pink flush.
“You’re not the only one,” Tony replies bluntly, then kisses the bewilderment off Steve’s mouth, and the rest of the would-be back-and-forth is lost in the sighs and shifting space between them. It’s been so long since they’ve done this - Tony hasn’t been with anyone since Pepper, and he doesn’t suspect Steve’s gotten any in the past year either. He feels a sudden spike of worry at his salt and pepper hair, at the new wrinkles creased along his body, the ones Steve will have never seen before. He pulls back, for a minute, breath coming out in broken pants at Steve keeps touching him, hands slipping under the hem of his shirt. “I look different—“ he says flatly, fingers curling softly around the back of Steve’s neck, “I’m different— I mean, I’m older, so it’s a little—“
Steve makes the first move, clumsy and unprepared, their mouths coming together in an ungainly press that nearly throws Tony’s balance. Tony makes a sound of surprise against his mouth, but that quickly fades into something else as Steve’s arm circles around his waist, palm a comforting warmth at the small of Tony’s back.
Tony hugs him. It’s instinctual, even though he can’t actually remember the last time he hugged someone. He doesn’t know why he does it, really, it’s just that his body feels good and relaxed and
Tony sighs again and drags one of the chairs from the dining room out in front of the TV. Everyone watches as he sets it up a healthy distance away from the couch and settles into it with finality.
They miss midnight entirely, caught up in some petty argument about the merits of pineapple on pizza. When Tony realizes it’s the New Year, he launches himself across the table and kisses Steve so enthusiastically that it makes the old man in the corner of the restaurant finally leave. Steve can only place his hands on either side of Tony’s face and hold on for dear life. They look ridiculous and Steve definitely saw the flash of someone’s camera in the storefront window, but none of that really matters because— well— start as you mean to go on, right?
It’s a face he’s gotten intimately familiar with, in the past couple months. He realizes with startling clarity that he
When he’s finally fought his way to the edge of the crowd, he heaves a sigh of relief and settles into one of the stools propped up against the bar. He holds onto his self-control for half a minute before giving up and attempting to fish his phone out of his criminally tight pants.
“Don’t answer it,” Tony says immediately, and tries to snake a hand into Steve’s pocket. His jeans are already undone, hanging loose around his waist, and Tony’s movement jerks them down around Steve’s knees, causing him to stumble clumsily to right himself. He kicks the pants off entirely and grabs at Tony, missing once before his fingers close around his wrist.
“Because there never felt like a good time.” Tony places his hands on Steve’s knees, sturdy, reassuring. “Because I didn’t really want to think about leaving you alone either.”
Tony falls silent, working his jaw in irritation. There is logic in what Steve’s saying - there always is, that’s what makes this so hard every time - but Tony can’t work past the lingering fear that has made a home in his chest. He’s not strong enough to go through another Peter. He’s too old, too tired, and too broken, and Steve’s too in love with him to see that.
“No more brownies,” Tony sighs in agreement, and falls back asleep to the sounds of Steve getting ready for work.
He glances at Tony through thick blonde lashes, mouth tipping into a crooked smile. “Why on earth were you cooking?”
Steve picks up the only clean napkin left on the table and wipes away a little tomato sauce at the corner of Tony’s mouth. He feels buoyant. He feels like anything in the world could happen to them right now, and it wouldn’t matter as long as Tony kept smiling like that.
Tony belatedly realizes that his face is wet, and it takes him an embarrassing number of seconds to understand it’s because he’s crying. He’s momentarily glad for the cover of the itchy veil, but the second Steve gets within earshot, his traitorous nose starts to itch and he lets out a quiet, barely perceptible sniffle. His asshole husband, blessed with super soldier ears, looks surprised, then downright gleeful, like he’s definitely going to be making fun of Tony for this later.
“Yes, she is,” Ms. Williams agrees breezily, rubbing at the threadbare cardigan wrapped around her slight frame, “too smart, though. I just worry that she isn’t... well, that she’ll lose...” Ms. Williams gets this faraway look in her eye, voice taking on this airy, detached quality. Tony thinks she might be remembering something, something that used to be pleasant but now carries an edge of pain. She looks back at Tony, that same ill-defined smile curving her lips. “I just want her to remember that she has a home here. That she has people, who love and depend on her for more than just her work.”
“There are parts of Brock’s story that are true — he was hired to Stark Industries before Howard died. And Howard promoted him. But he didn’t tell you the actual reasons he got fired — which are, I think, displayed pretty clearly for you here. This isn’t even half the footage I have on this asshole. There was also some inappropriate fraternizing with one of our interns who had, like, just turned eighteen. No feed for that one — you’ll just have to take it on faith.”
“And he responds well to that?” Steve asks, appraising the photo with a small smile. Margaery hands him another one where Tony’s hair is all stuck up like he’s been electrocuted. “The teasing?”
Being his personal assistant sounds like the worst. Job. Ever. “Admittedly, it took a while for him to grow on me, but Tony’s sweet when you get to know him. Eccentric and pretty stupid, for a genius, but sweet all the same.”
Relief spreads from the center of Tony’s chest, like when he put the new core into his arc reactor, like when he saw Rhodey running towards him in the middle of the desert.
“Point,” Steve concedes, and leans up to kiss Tony, carrying him neatly and swiftly towards the bedroom.
Steve turns around, gently emptying the grilled cheese onto the plate in front of Tony. “Landlord doesn’t allow real Christmas trees in the building. She hates the sap. Couldn’t really bring myself to get a fake one.”
They carry on with the rest of breakfast — Tony shaming Steve for putting ketchup all over his eggs (disgusting), and Steve very carefully and diligently monitoring Tony’s caffeine intake (something about him getting older now. Whatever.) It’s the same thing they do every morning, but there’s a hum of excitement at their new plans underscoring the conversation. Steve smiles just a little brighter at Tony's jibes and kisses Tony just a little longer at their goodbye.
Tony maybe always knew that that was true, but he hoped he’d never have to contend with it in this house, so soon after their first parting, his own wealth once again bankrolling Peter’s one-man death quest.
He sits in silence waiting for Tony to say something. The moment stretches so long that he hears the error tone play through the speakers on Steve’s phone, and the automated lady asks if he’d like to record the message again.
Brock snorts and shakes his head, shoving his hands back into his pocket. He breaks Steve gaze and looks off down the street. “Yeah. I do. That guy got me fired from the best job I ever had in my life.”
“I see,” Steve says, still thoughtfully rubbing the ears of the dog in his lap. “And, sorry, sweetheart, I’m a little slow tonight, why are
Although Tony typically makes it a point to avoid anything that could be reasonably classified as Pepper-approved self-betterment, he
Steve’s grip tightens on the hammer and he actually closes his eyes—squeezes them shut and lines up his shot like he’s a kid at his first baseball game. Amusement rises fast in Tony, and he starts to say “here, I can he—”
“You didn’t say there were rules!” Tony insists, leaning his head against the kitchen cupboards and grinning. “I just made a couple adjustments to the design!”
Tony pauses in the doorway, hand hovering over the frame. He steals one last glance at Steve stretched out against the sheets, face sweet and open like he knows something the rest of the world doesn’t.
So he buys a farm. No animals, but there’s a plot of arable land and a barn Tony can convert into a workshop. It’s manageable for one person. The man Tony buys it from is discreet, agrees easily to the NDA that’ll keep him from disclosing Tony’s location to the press. He gives Happy, Rhodey, and Pepper his address, but he asks them not to visit for a bit. Not forever, just until he figures out how to get the panic in his chest under control. Their eyes are full of pity and understanding and Tony has never felt more like a coward than in the moments leading up to his goodbye.
Obadiah, he realized, was talking as he crouched at Tony’s side. “—nked directly to the blood of the wearer, according to those notes I stole, else I’d have simply worn the amulet Hammer has.”
(half-whispered so as not to disturb their neighbors who are, presumably, as dead to the world as they should all be at the absolute ass-crack of dawn on a Saturday), the towel that seems to be making a concerted break for freedom down the guy’s narrow hips, and the tragic lack of caffeine in Tony’s bloodstream.
“Almost there, Tony,” Steve called through the door, pressing his hand against the wooden panels. “We’re going to get you out, just hold on.”
But to Steve’s dismay, he shook his head. “It’s not just the transformation, Nat – it’s… the change is—”
Tony stared suspiciously up at the guy, at his blue eyes, and damn it all. Those blue eyes were ones he absolutely recognized.
It took her two attempts to get the words out of her mouth. “They were going to assign me to the project.”
“Yes,” Sam said, eventually, when there seemed to be nothing more either he or Daisy could do here on the filthy earth, in the pouring rain.
“Lunch and-- oh!” Nia exclaimed, as she recalled her mother’s instructions the day before. “Clothes.”  She looked around the room, and walked to the closet-- two mirrored double-doors that slid open to reveal a rack full of brand new clothing. She took a breath, reaching out with one hand to touch the fabric of the nearest dress.
But now others were snapping pictures. They'd seen her, and it was one thing to take a camera from an errant reporter (Nia thought, as Obie smashed the camera on the ground), but they couldn't stop a crowd. Nia ducked, covered her head with her hands as Obie wrenched the photographer's hand up behind his back and forced the man to his knees.
The clanging came from Tony, who was beating what appeared to be a large ploughshare into submission over an anvil. He had removed his waistcoat, surcoat, and belt, and so wore only his shirt and hose beneath a heavy leather apron. He had rolled his sleeves up past the elbow and let the shirt gape open at his throat in deference to what must have been the intense heat of the fire. He was dripping with sweat, his hair curling with it where he allowed it to grow almost to his shoulders, as was fashionable for the nobility; though it was tied back at the nape of his neck with a strip of ribbon. His face glowed gold in the fire, his finely-muscled body flexing visibly beneath his shirt as he drew his hammer up over his head and brought it clanging down on the cooling metal yet again.
“There are so many jokes, Steve,” Tony shakes his head, falling in step with him as they make their way to the outer door. “So many terrible jokes. I don’t know if your delicate constitution can handle it.”
The man spoke up in a shivering, nervous voice, shifting beneath the blanket he had been given. “I was on me way back to Kingstown, Highness, only just finished me day at the docks. Took the roads since with this storm… ain’t safe to ride in the forest.” He took a shaky breath as Sam and Clint arrived behind Steve, both of them frowning and severe.
He caught her hand a few paces before they stopped, then snatched at her shoulder, backing her up against the trunk of a tree.
"How did you get in here?" Howard asked. She could smell whiskey on his breath; she groaned, picturing the worst this conversation could go.
Clint snorted outright, and Natasha slapped his arm with the back of her hand. “He is indeed,” she told Thor. “Tony is many things, but weak of spirit is never among them.”
Steve and Bucky took turns trying their luck on the iron lock, but there was no reasoning with it. Eventually, Steve hissed with frustration and turned hard eyes on Bucky. “Bring Nat. Quickly.”
He had walked over to the desk and looked frustratedly at the papers strewn about, before giving up and taking his seat.
, Howard?!” she shouted, and she got up from the sofa, heading for Maria’s side of the house. “There was one fucking part of my life you hadn’t ruined, so you had to go for that,
She tried to count the number of times in the past few days when she’d thought her life could get no worse, but this-- this, now-- this was the absolute bottom, the depth.
Bucky was nineteen, now, and a very handsome young man. He was one of the last of them to keep the round cheeks of his youth, which only added to the cheekiness of his crooked grin. His hair was shorn close to his head as was the norm for squires, and he had become noticeably rounder of chest and shoulder even in the scant year since Tony had last seen him.
Feeling childish again with Tony’s hand resting on his head that way, Steve shook it off like a disgruntled hound – and Tony lurched back as though he’d been burned, returning his hand to its partner behind his back. His eyes were wide and Steve had the feeling he was missing something yet again.
He would have to learn to live with this – and perhaps, given time, this illness of his would run its course.
“You should accompany him, Sir Steven,” Thor noted, giving his brother a rattling shake, which made him hiss like a disgruntled viper. “I have Loki under control.”
Tony perks up with a grin of his own, ever-so-subtly adjusting his glasses. Then he narrows his eyes in concern. “What have I agreed to, exactly?”
It seemed as though she had found her iron core once again, and her confidence sent a whisper of calm through Steve for the first time all day.
“Wha--”  Nia walked to the windowsill, looked out on the front lawn of their house. Just past the pristine emerald grass, the beautifully-sculpted shrubbery, the columns that marked the end of the property, stood a
And kisses with Tony. Nights with Tony, mornings at his side, in his arms. Evenings in front of a warm fire with nothing to do but enjoy each other’s presence.
Steve knew this already – he swallowed and prepared to tell her as much, when Tony himself slid out of the nest of fabric and furs and came up alongside Natasha, standing comfortably in front of Bucky. He glanced warmly over at Steve, and grinned. “But that doesn’t mean we can’t all have fun with it.” With that, he leaned up and kissed Bucky – not the wild kiss of a passionate lover, but far more than the affectionate kiss of a friend.
“I want you both,” she said, abruptly, and the revelation surprised her even as she said it. “Both. In the same kitchen.”
Obie, too, seemed to notice the change in Howard’s demeanor, and clapped Howard on the back, giving him a placating look. “Fine,” he said. “We’ll discuss it later. You two need to get settled in, after all.”
“—finally argued Sitwell into submission,” Natasha was saying over their dessert of warm, roasted pears and crisp grapes.
“Tony!” Steve yelped, pushing the man back and holding him at arm’s length to stare at him, wide-eyed.
The camera shutter snapped even as dug her feet into the ground to stop from careening into the photographer. The heel of her boot caught on a rock, and she stumbled, steadying herself on a nearby chair, though her cap flew off her head and one of the pins holding her hair in place came loose, leaving her with hair in one eye.
“Time for prizes!” Jan was saying, to an eruption of cheers. “And then you have to go home because I have an 8AM class tomorrow. So!”
Not five minutes later, Steve and Sam were astride their horses and pounding at full tilt down the road towards the coast. Clint stayed behind only because Fury commanded that he confine Natasha to the castle. As much as Natasha snapped and snarled that she was more than fit to make the journey, Lord Fury would not hear a word of allowing his ward and princess to venture out into the heart of an unidentified danger in the middle of a storm.
For all of five seconds, Steve looks completely taken aback. As if he’s just as goddamn confused as Tony is—which is bullshit, because there is just no way that’s possible. Then he holds up a hand like he wants to stop Tony from butting in (Tony has no such intention, to be sure. He’s still trying to multiply his Steve-year-old sweater by Steve’s shoulder-to-hips ratio and get
His bravado evaporated immediately when the guard carefully combing down his garments in search of a concealed knife or other such weapon stopped while patting against his coat, just at the bottom of his ribs. The guard unbuttoned the coat enough to reach inside, into an interior pocket of the garment, and drew out a fist-sized object wrapped in a dark handkerchief. Without unwrapping it, he turned to face his princess and gently, carefully lifted away the fabric so that she could see.
Once he started he could not bring himself to stop, not even when Tony pounced on him and tried his very best to silence him with fervent, pecking kisses.
“I don’t think it counts if you didn’t know you were asking,” Steve retorts, taking a swig of his coffee.
The rumble of satisfaction he felt in Steve’s chest made the burning in his (scrawny) thighs worth it.
As Natasha cursed the fact that she did not have anything with her to pick the lock, Pepper came running from the other direction, calling out that they had found Clint drugged and tied up in Tony’s room, where Sam had stayed with him. Tony had not been there. Steve kicked viciously at the door, again and again, but hardly even rattled it. He was about to run back down the hall to take the longer route around the outside of the castle – when Thor arrived with Bucky and, without even slowing down, barreled into the door shoulder-first so hard that the lock came splintering right out of the door frame. Thor grunted in pain as Steve ran past him into the room, looking desperately around.
Steve’s throat had gone dry. He wondered absently if he had isolated the moment at which his final defenses began to crack, surrendering beneath the strain of holding back his love for this man.
She looked for her parents one more time, but their seats were still vacant, no matter how hard she glared.
“There are dissidents fighting in his name, real or not,” Yinsen answered. “With men like your friend--”
His mother screamed, and his father cursed and flailed for a handhold inside the sleek interior. Tony knew the exact moment when the entire mass of them went over the side of the cliff, because the pit of his stomach dropped in a sick lurch, and Bucky reached out wildly and wrapped his arm around Tony’s chest.
He had a mustache, Steve noticed suddenly. The dark hair that had been threatening over his lip for several years now had finally made a determined appearance. He did not know what to think about the new mustache, so he decided not to think about it at all for the moment.
And then it was gone, the sound vanishing as quickly as it came. Everything just stopped. The feeling like all his senses were full of radio static disappeared in an instant and left his ears ringing in the silence. His skin thrummed and he blinked his eyes frantically.
Thor nodded, but he looked a little misgiving. “That is fortunate for you, Princess – for his strength of will is perhaps all that has kept him alive.”
It was not the worst transformation he had suffered by far, largely because he fainted from the stress long before it was over. When he awoke, the pain was still radiating like it did when he was too far from the lake, and he realized there was likely nothing he could do to take away that pain here.
Almost as soon as their careening tumble began, one of the doors was cracked open by an impact with something hard and unforgiving, and both Tony and Bucky were hurled from the carriage as it made another flying turn down the mountainside. Tony had a brief second to miss Bucky’s sheltering arm around him after they were ripped apart by the force of their ejection, and then Tony lost track of the other man. Tony hit the wet mud of the ground almost face-first, his shoulder crunching against something solid and extremely painful.
When Tony finally got in the carriage and it pulled away, Steve’s chest burned and he could not remove one sole thought from his head.
“Good guess, Kiddo,” said Howard, and he glanced at her, then looked away. “Come on, Nia,” he said, after a moment. “We’re going upstairs.”
After a moment of waiting, Bucky threw a shoe at Tony, which hit him on the backside and made him jolt around in surprise. He noticed Sam and Steve almost immediately, and politely nodded his head at Sam’s bow, then at Steve (who gave the tiniest motion that could possibly, generously be called a bow). Natasha scowled at him, and even Sam gave him a bit of an arch look.
Slowly, carefully, he eased onto his side on the plush mattress, closing his eyes to see if he could imagine what it would feel like to have Tony laying along his back. It was too easy to imagine: Tony was warm, smaller than Steve though sometimes he felt so very much larger. Steve imagined the feel of Tony’s beard smoothing along the back of his neck, Tony’s breaths whispering behind his ear. He knew now what it felt like to have Tony’s mouth pressed against his lips, Tony’s body pressed against his own, and he knew he would never be able to forget the sensation.
“I may choose whichever squires I wish, and as many as I can provide for,” Sir Alexander said, a little snappily, and Steve wisely shut his mouth. Then the older man’s face softened, growing contemplative and satisfied. “I think you will make an excellent knight, one day, Steven. An excellent addition to my garrison.”
She and Clint shot him surprised glances, and Thor’s jaw clenched. “If my brother is involved in this, I will do everything within my power to find him and return your betrothed to you, if I have to find Loki and drag him back to Asgard myself. And even if Loki is not the one you seek…”
“No problem,” he calls, spinning on his heel to look back at him. Steve is still standing there just outside the bathroom in that damn towel, damp and glistening but at least no longer dripping all over the carpet. His drying hair has lightened from unidentifiably dark to bright gold, and he looks so damn awkward standing there waiting for Tony to clear out of his apartment.
Steve, being Steve, decided that he needed to test Tony’s boundaries after a while, and see how far he had come. So one day, he returned to the ‘queen’s chambers’ he and Tony shared, proudly sporting a white tabard embroidered exquisitely on his chest with the coat of arms Natasha had designed for him all those years ago. A swan, triumphant on a field of red and white vertical stripes, beneath three silver stars displayed across the royal blue chief.
Even with there still being a chance that Steve was refusing to acknowledge Tony’s new behavior as the new Tony, he found himself convinced that Pepper was correct, and that the man he had just spoken to was not the Tony he had known. There had never been cruelty in Tony’s heart, and after even the short-lived passion of their last night together, there was really no arguing that Tony did not feel attraction to Steve.
“Prince Thor is one of the men who made a suit for my hand,” she informed Steve, and both he and Clint blinked at her in surprise. “I intend to arrange an audience with him under the guise of establishing a closer personal relationship as I consider his proposal – my famously elaborate courtship with Tony makes this request seem quite reasonable in comparison. Therefore I can't bring James along with me, not before I have met the prince and formed a better opinion of him and how he might react to such a thing.”
Ducking back into Steve’s room-- for want of a better name-- she flicked the lights on, and walked up to the man. “It’s like a coffin,” she said, running her hand over the plastic encasement. “Sorry,” she said. “I shouldn’t have my hands all over you; it’s weird. I--”
“Nee!” she squealed again, and threw her arms around Nia, whirling her up into the air like the climax of a romantic movie. “Are you okay? We were so worried, are you-- is there anybody you need punched? Because I will get my fists up in
That may have been due in part to the fact that he had almost cried with awe when Natasha managed to get a knife to his neck practically at the moment he entered her bedchamber, and insisted that she teach him how to use a blade like that. Which had lead to Natasha teaching all of them how to use a small knife (to varying degrees of success), Clint teaching them all how to shoot properly (to even more varying degrees of success), and Bucky and Steve gleefully and indiscriminately practicing their swordsmanship on them all.
