It’s all very idyllic, really, and so stunningly incongruous to the horrible truth David had just laid at their feet.
His daughter is not an average two year old. She's the product of an angry, grumpy soldier and the notoriously incomparable (
“Where’s his wife now?”
“Chicken Ruby,” John says, raising the bag of food like a peace offering. He sits down and unpacks the content of the bags wordlessly, feeling the heat of Sherlock’s stare. He realizes, now for the third time since he’d laid his eyes on Sherlock, that the man’s altered appearance makes his stomach flutter in a way he hadn’t felt in years—since their first days together, when John still had to get used to the beautiful creature who’d stepped into his life.
“I see,” John says.
Agitated and bored, it’s been a daily battle for both of them to keep the apartment standing in the face of his own turbulent moods once he was able to leave his bed. John has been unusually patient with him, but Sherlock can see the reason for that in his eyes every day. The guilt and remorse over Mary’s part in Sherlock’s physical agony are just as present there as in the moment Sherlock opened his eyes for the first time after he collapsed on the floor of his sitting-room.
“No.”
Sherlock left the bolthole, distraught and confused. This is what happened on the other side of London, some nine hours later.
Sherlock shakes his head.
Sherlock wakes from the memory to the sound of a sniffling Alison. They’re still standing there, hugging and whispering to each other.
“Yeah.”
A stylish new 7-seater pulls right up in front of the house across the street. After the parents step out of the car, the five blond children follow in descending order.
I did very little research into facts, methodologies and ethics. If you have a problem with that, you might have a problem with the majority of the following chapters.
He gives the envelope another look, suddenly recognizing the handwriting.
“No,” Sherlock begs, pushing into David’s hand. “No. Please.”
“For his own safety, if not anything else. If he’s unstable as he mentioned, better in then out.”
“Nothin’, really,” Wiggins grumbles. “He sits in the corner of the bedroom, staring at the wall or watches the reporters through the window.”
“Yeah,” she says, “and it’s been swarmed by bloody reporters since yesterday. They keep knocking on the door asking for an interview.”
“Come with me,” David continues. “Listen to what she has to say. Worst case scenario, we’ll say no.”
“Someone’s been coming over to the clinic recently. I don’t know who he is. He’s… strange. Creepy. Gabriel said he’s an associate, but I don’t know what he means by that.”
, turns up dead not fifteen minutes from where you spent last night, with your phone turned off and no proof of your whereabouts,” Mycroft says. “What is it that we say about coincidences, Sherlock?”
“I know the feeling.” John says. “Feeling as if you’re nothing but a ghost. Like you’re letting your child down. That’s exactly how I felt after Mary died.”
The jet black of the night faded away as the sun rose and it became dawn before Sherlock realized that he would have to confront John at some point. No use in avoiding it, work came first. They would end this argument like they always do, and ride back to London in a pregnant, bottled up silence.
The answer finally arrives hours later, right before midnight.
“I have a report about him here.” Lestrade points at the screen, as if in disbelief. “He’s.. being questioned as a potential suspect in a murder.”
“Whatever you were thinking about last night.”
“Well...Lester sounds like a fine, upstanding citizen,” John summed up, slapping the file shut and tossing it onto Greg’s desk. He sat back in his chair, slapping his hands onto his thighs. “So. How do we take him down?”
He stuck his face into Sherlock’s, snarling. “Well, you don’t know everything, Mr. Holmes. For instance, you don’t know what I heard last night.”
And, lastly, Sherlock came to the sex torso. This was perhaps the most probative piece of evidence of all. Here again, John could have chosen a female version if being the penetrating party was what he was after. Some models even came complete with jiggling silicone breasts. But instead of that, John had opted for the male version, with its mandatory anus and outsized genitalia. And try as he might, Sherlock could find not a single heterosexual explanation for that.
Greg took a second bite of his incredible samosa and decided these were his new addiction. “Sounds ominous.”
John reached the roof moments after Sherlock, in time to see the famous Belstaff disappear around the corner of a rooftop stairwell entrance. John pelted across the roof, skidding a little as he rounded the corner, then stopped short. Ahead of him, Sherlock’s figure was silhouetted against the dusk sky, arms spread and Belstaff flying, as he mounted the rooftop ledge. John watched, rooted to the spot in something very like horrified déjà vu, as the moment seemed to stretch and Sherlock fell. John’s stomach went with him. He bent forward for a moment, putting a hand to the cold brickwork to his right and drawing deep breaths to help his innards settle back where they belonged. Then he was up and running. He had to know what was happening.
“God,” John groaned at the sight of his naked lover. “You are
“Hey, Sherlock,” he said casually.
"And for a doctor, you make a rubbish patient," Sherlock countered. He smiled again and John squeezed his hand. He would have to act on these feelings soon, but not now. Not yet. Not when he was still ill and they were both knackered and aching and had just been put through an emotional wringer.
There was a scuffling sound from above, followed by the thumping of John’s feet on the stairs as he came scrambling down to see what was wrong. “Sherlock?” came his voice from the living room as he scanned the flat for his companion.
“Well, it’s just that we were going to have dinner, then I had to cancel, and now there’s no case, but I’m still not free.”
John moved to the kitchen to fetch dishes and cutlery, humming a tune from the movie they’d seen. The toilet flushed a minute later and the taps ran, and then Louise was back. “I was just about to open this,” John said, hefting the bottle of wine he had just removed from the fridge.
He had barely gone a dozen paces when he was stopped in his tracks by screeching tyres and the crunch of crumpling metal from behind him. He whipped around to find that a lorry had jumped the kerb and come to a stop on the pavement, its front end wrapped around a post. Somewhere on the other side of the lorry, a baby was screaming. John jolted into action. “You!” he shouted at a shell-shocked bystander as he bolted toward the wreck. “Call an ambulance, now!” The woman gulped and nodded, dialling her mobile with a trembling hand.
"Now you've done it, Mrs. Hudson. I was planning on fruit and cereal—"
The search turned up nothing. No drugs, no weapons, not even a pile of suspicious cash. No missing youths, and most importantly, no Shankley. He seemed to have vanished into nothing.
"Three minutes and 22 seconds," said Sherlock.
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed. “How long has this been going on?”
John shakes his head, smiling, then moves to the kitchen to settle Rosie in her chair, and we begin our day. Both of us are pallid, sleep-deprived, emotionally exhausted and doubtless in no condition to be caring for a toddler, but we will get through it in the only way that works for us, now: together.
Rosie stirred against Sherlock’s chest, opened her eyes, and smiled up at John. “Dada,” she said drowsily before nuzzling Sherlock’s chest with one cheek and dropping softly into sleep. John bent down and kissed her head, wrapping his arms around the two of them again. He felt Sherlock’s free hand come up to caress his back.
Had it been the near-stabbing? The detective dismissed the thought out of hand. Of course not. John was a soldier. He’d had dozens of closer shaves from which he’d emerged without so much as a collywobble. No, that couldn’t be it. There had been no one else on the rooftop, so no opportunity for John to interact with someone who might have upset him in some way. John had spoken to Lestrade and one or two of his team earlier on, but the exchanges had been brief, cordial and businesslike. Certainly nothing troubling there. Had Sherlock himself done something to distress John? Sherlock knew he could be abrasive, sometimes saying and doing things that unintentionally hurt his friend, yet he could not recall any such instance this night. John had been fine up until the pursuit of Mulroney. He was decidedly not fine afterward. Therefore, something had happened in the interim to cause his present distress. Furthermore, whatever had occurred was something John did not feel comfortable talking to his friend about.
, I think, as Rosie babbles at me from her chair and I scrounge around in search of her cereal while John gets out the milk,
“If my team has anything to say about it, they will be,” Greg answered. “Another time for the cuppa and biscuits, yeah?” He moved aside to let the landlady by and made his way to the door.
“Bloody hell,” Sherlock groaned.
Sherlock skewered him with a glare.
Sherlock put his hand down with a glare. “I said, two minutes and seventeen seconds,” he spat.
Mycroft returned it, hesitant, staring back at him in wonder. “Detective Inspector—”
47 times, driving me mad, giving me hope—” Sherlock’s voice broke on the last word and he pressed his lips flat to stop himself from saying too much. He took a breath and pressed on. “And yet you don’t want me.” He cursed inwardly at how small his voice sounded. He looked away.
as she ever gets, in any event.”
The foyer told its own sad story—scattered off to one side were a tray with the smashed remains of Mrs. Hudson’s second-best tea set, along with the scraps of her soft beige cardigan. First-aid detritus littered the centre of the foyer, where the paramedics had clearly worked on her—scraps of the waxy backing paper from the AED pads, an empty IV cannula wrapper, and some wadded up bits of medical tape. A strip of ECG readout lay curled next to the bottom step. John swallowed hard and looked away. He knew exactly what had happened here.
Sherlock threw up his hands, shaking his head in disbelief. “Of course I bloody noticed!
“Er...yes. All done.”
Sherlock strode over to him. “Yes, and in typical fashion, you missed absolutely
“Thanks, Mrs. H.” He nodded and opened the front door, then stopped short at the sight of Mycroft Holmes stood just outside, talking on his mobile. Was it possible that Sherlock had been...not only serious, but
“Not that it’s sex-related?”
He forgot all about the kettle.
Mycroft gave a mirthless smile and cleared his throat. “It’s four pounds, in fact, and no, cardio is not the reason for my visit. I’m here out of concern.”
“Always have been,” Sherlock agreed.
There was a clinking sound from somewhere in the dark. “Hello?” asked a young voice.
Sherlock’s text alert sounded again and was ignored, because now it was Sherlock’s turn to get his hands on John’s cock and the sound John made as Sherlock gave it that first long, slow pull was something Sherlock would never forget, not if he lived another century.
“John, I’ve just got here.” He hung his coat and moved into the room. John was still staring vacantly ahead. “And your phone is on the table right next to you.”
“Okay?” Sherlock squeaked. He cleared his throat. “Are you taking the piss?” he asked in his normal tone.
“You really mean that,” Sherlock said.
“Right. Uhh...sorry,” John said, shifting to the far end of the seat as requested. Just then the cab hit a bump in the road, causing Sherlock to make a small sound of distress and suck his lips into his mouth. His coat fell open to reveal the substantial tent in his trousers, leaving absolutely no doubt as to the extent of his arousal. John tried to look away but couldn’t. Just minutes ago, he had been holding that cock in his hand while Sherlock whispered in his ear about all the things he wanted to do to him.
“Ejaculation?”
Once the water came up to temp, Sherlock climbed in and ducked his head under the spray, sighing as the warm water cascaded down over his body. He reached for his shampoo and lathered up, then applied conditioner before pouring some body wash onto a bath puff and sudsing up. He luxuriated in the silken feel of the puff against his skin and inhaled deeply, enjoying the spicy, musky scent of the body wash. He caught a whiff of John’s shampoo, and that sent his thoughts back to last night. His mind replayed the sight of John stretched out on his bed, hard and aroused, panting as he stroked himself to climax. Sherlock found himself growing hard again at the memory. He ran the bath puff over his stiffening shaft, hissing in a breath as the puff teased the sensitive head. Would John’s tongue feel like that? Would John take him into his mouth, tighten his lips around Sherlock’s cock like this? Sherlock reached down and closed his fist around himself, sinking his teeth into his lower lip as he gave himself a long, slow pull. Yes, John would suck him off, take him as far down as he could and use his hand to stroke the base, then knead his bollocks as he mouthed over the tip. Sherlock closed his eyes, bracing his free arm against the tile as he picked up the pace, stroking harder and faster. A sudden, vivid image sprang to mind of John kneeling at his feet, those deep blue eyes raised to his, cheeks hollowing out as he worked over Sherlock’s prick, licking and sucking—
“To what, to get back at me for ruining all your dates with those insipid women? To get the better of the boffin, teach him a lesson? Drive me mad with—with—”
John nodded, mouth quirking.
“O...kay,” John said. “Ta, I think. How was I brilliant this time?”
“This smells fantastic,” Greg said, holding his plate up to inhale the heavenly aromas. “I’m ravenous. I know we can’t have a proper dinner, but...maybe you’d like to join me in my office?”
“I beg your pardon?”
why when the boss says wait, we wait!” he snarled at Sherlock, who rolled his eyes and got to his feet before leaning down to help Shankley up.
“What are you on about?” Anderson scoffed.
“Hang on,
“No, no, I just want to be clear on this. You don’t think a sex toy should be in the kitchen because it’s unsanitary?”
“That’s not the same,” he begins, but I won’t have it.
Sherlock gave an audible sigh of relief. They huddled there together on the floor for some time, John with his eyes closed and Sherlock unaware that he was rocking him in his arms until John said, "That feels nice." Sherlock tightened his arms around him and went on rocking.
"There you are," breathed Sherlock. "You were unconscious for two minutes and 36 seconds. An
“Sherlock,” John whispered. He slid a hand behind Sherlock’s neck, cupping his nape and twining his fingers into the silken strands there. He leaned forward to press their foreheads together. “I want this. Hmm?”
, he thought, and burrowed back down into his bed. He punched his pillow into shape and wriggled about until he was comfortable again. Naturally, this was when his bladder sounded the red alert. Sherlock sighed and sat back up, pushing the covers off. Bloody transport. Loo it was, then. He rose and plodded into the bathroom, stifling a yawn as he went.
“All? The incident with the sheet, the morning stiffy through the bathroom door, all of that? Going that far back?”
in his eyes. What was happening here? “John, I—”
that's why!" he yells, jabbing a finger into the air.
“All done, then?”
“Like making your best friend watch while you swallow-dive off a building?” I ask.
“For the love of Christ!” he says, and pulls away, rising to his feet, pacing the room, gesticulating in his agitation. His voice rises, but at least there is colour in his face again. “Why the hell can’t you see you’d be better off without me? All I do is hurt you!”
Sherlock smirked. “Fair enough. But, John, we both know the demands of your transport rule your life. Especially your...baser urges. If you’re not dating, what are you going to do for—you know—for—”
The task force team deployed around train stations and areas where homeless youth were known to congregate, keeping an eye out for anything unusual and doing their best to keep track of young people, especially those newly arrived in London. John was sent in to provide free medical care for the homeless, which brought him into contact with some of the young runaways and allowed him to meet covertly with Shankley to share info on Lester’s activities.
Mycroft squinted after the duo as they vanished in the direction of the lifts. “Unless I’m much mistaken, Detective Inspector, that was my brother under the influence of the worst case of blue balls ever seen on British soil.”
Nineteen minutes later:
Once everyone was in place, Shankley went in. Sherlock and John listened as he was greeted by Lester’s men and taken in to see Lester himself. Lester and Shankley chatted casually for a bit, and then Lester offered to show him his “secret party room” in the cellar. They could hear the two men chatting as they made their way down a flight of stairs. Sherlock signalled Lestrade to get ready.
“Best deduction I’ve ever made,” John murmured.
He shakes his head with a small, dangerous smile. "No, Sherlock. That's not how this works."
“John, so help me, if this is about The Woman again—”
“John, for what it’s worth...I’m sorry about earlier. I really never do respond when she texts me. It was just bad timing.”
John blew out a breath. “Let’s start with some water,” he decided. “If that stays down, I’ll take the tablets.” He shivered. Sherlock reached for the afghan on the back of the sofa and draped it over John’s shoulders.
THE PIN IS INCORRECT. TRY AGAIN.
!” Lestrade raged, and sent Sherlock in to go over the place again.
looked. He carried John into the living room.
. I just—” The adrenaline crash chose that moment to strike, and all at once he was shaking and shuddering in Sherlock’s arms. The detective muttered a quiet curse, turning away for a moment to lay Rosie gently down on the sofa. Mercifully, she didn’t wake.
“Oh, no," he groaned. "Round two.” He assumed the position again. The second time around was, if anything, worse than the first, his body insisting on continuing to heave even when there was nothing left to bring up. It went on and on. John hung over the bowl, throat raw from the burning bile, sides aching, diaphragm in spasms, completely wrung out. Dear God, even the worst hangover of his life—and it had been one for the ages—hadn’t been this bad. At last it eased up and he rested his head on one forearm, eyes closed. His pulse thudded at the base of his skull. Without raising his head, he reached for the handle and flushed. He felt a gentle hand on his back. Clutching his aching head, he moved back again to sit against the tub.
“Have you seen my mobile?” John asked from the living room. “I think I may have left it down here.”
“So what do we do?” he asks again, standing before me with his arms crossed.
Sherlock closed his eyes and did a three-count inhale, four-count exhale. He opened his eyes again. “About. What?” he asked in a preternaturally calm tone.
“Thank you, yes,” Mycroft said. His phone sounded in his pocket and he sighed as he checked the screen. “I have to take this, I’m afraid.”
Mycroft raised a placating hand. “My apprehension, as it turns out, was misplaced. It had come to my attention that in recent weeks, Mrs. Hudson has taken delivery of a number of...shall we say...anomalous items.” He hooked a thumb over his shoulder in the direction of the door. “One of which is currently gracing your landing. But now I see she was not the intended recipient. And a few minutes’ conversation over a cup of tea was more than sufficient to establish that she is, indeed, still
“You’re adorable, you know that?” John asked. “It makes me want to snog you senseless.”
“But something’s changed. The problem isn’t new. Why am I being brought in all of a sudden?”
he bellowed.
“Exactly,” Sherlock breathed. “You did observe. It’s the opposite of run down. Stone and mortar covered over with concrete, and fairly recently, too. Spotless floor, new drain. Why go to so much effort and expense to modernize an unused space but leave the rest of the building so run down?”
John’s voice sounded again. It was muffled—John had clearly removed his earpiece and placed it some distance away but hadn’t turned it off.
“Of course,” Mrs. Hudson smiled. “Come by anytime you like!”
John.
John straightened and was about to answer when all at once his lips turned white. "Sherlock...help me!" He fumbled forward, already retching, and Sherlock scrambled to help him into position. He kept a steadying hand on the doctor's heaving back and another on his side, wincing in sympathy as he felt John's abdominals spasming beneath his touch. John circled an arm around his own midsection as his abs clenched. When it was over, Sherlock flushed the toilet and drew a shuddering John back toward him. John shook helplessly, gasping in pain. "Head...hurts..." he managed, and Sherlock reached out to cradle it in a gentle hand.
"Mmm. Sass circuits are back online, I see," said Sherlock. The tremor in his voice belied his light tone. "I'll take that as a good sign."
In response to his touch, Sherlock stirred, lifting his head and bringing a hand to the back of his neck as the first of the aches made its presence known. His eyes sought John’s, and John thought he had never seen a more beautiful sight than a newly awakened Sherlock, even one so haggard and pale as his friend looked this morning. His expression was soft and unguarded. John looked into his friend’s eyes and caught his breath at the tenderness he saw there. Gentleness. Kindness. Love. There was
Sherlock hummed, turning back to his experiment.
, he told himself.
"One deep breath, John, just one, for me, please."
Greg nodded. “Yeah, thought that might get your attention. There have been three disappearances of young runaways—probably more, but three we can be sure about. They’re hard to trace, obviously. But what we’ve managed to find so far is that Lester picks them up when they arrive in London, offers them food and a place to stay, and then they vanish.”
“Yes.”
“Passion?”
“It isn’t,” Sherlock said, all hint of levity gone. “John’s
Anyway, all that to say, here's a new chapter, finally! And just in time for BBC Sherlock's tenth anniversary. Hard to believe it's been ten years! Here's to the next ten.
Sherlock closed his eyes and consciously calmed his breathing. He needed to focus.
Sherlock gave that mad grin again. “Don’t worry, I’ve got it.” He fished out his wallet and passed the required bills through the partition with a word of thanks. They exited the cab, which squealed off again.
He sat stunned for a moment at the realization: John had been watching gay porn.
Dr. Watson never ceased to surprise.
The living room door opened to reveal Lestrade. Mycroft gave a small smile of appreciation. Even sleep deprived, running on fumes, and keyed up from the conclusion of the Lester case and the earlier press conference, Lestrade was still one of the handsomest men Mycroft had ever set eyes on. Mycroft took a moment to just enjoy the sight of him, then narrowed his eyes as realization dawned. Oh, that was
flatmate masturbating. This was beyond a bit not good. More like a metric fucktonne of not good, as John himself would say.
“Unmet needs?”
“Low rider.”
Sherlock felt as though someone had dumped a cinder block into his gut. Everything he’d been wanting—hoping—
It took six days for Lester’s crew to approach and begin grooming Shankley, and several more before the Scot was invited to Lester’s headquarters in a rundown building in Tottenham.
he thought. This was swiftly followed by a mental image that he resolutely thrust aside. “Not literally, for God’s sake!” he snarled. What the
"What? Christ, no. It—I was an idiot—that was just—forget about her!"
Sherlock straightened and turned to face him. “It’s remarkable that a police force filled with alleged detectives, criminologists and forensic specialists should be so thoroughly and completely taken in by mediocre photographic fakery.”
“What, John? What?” Sherlock’s hands moved to his upper arms.
“Yes.”
“—an ambulance. Maybe Mycroft—”
Well, that was a relief, then. From the casual tone of the note, John was apparently unaware of what Sherlock had witnessed last night, or if he was aware, he was unfazed by it. That would make things infinitely easier. But in any event, Sherlock didn’t have to worry about John for several more hours. He unlocked his phone. Three texts and a call from Lestrade about the Lester case news conference scheduled for—Sherlock checked the time—an hour ago, as it turned out (oops)—and 17 voice mails from journalists seeking quotes and interviews. Sherlock deleted the lot, put his phone on the charger, and went to shower.
And there was John himself, gripping a door frame for balance, eyes slitted against the wind lashing at his hair and cardigan.
“Are you serious?” John asked.
John put a hand to his midsection and blew out a breath. “I am stuffed to the gills,” he groaned. “Might need a bit of a walk to work some of this off.”
“Is the Met employing sixth-formers now, George?” Sherlock drawled.
“Maniac,” John muttered as he unlocked the front door. Sherlock followed him through and shut the door behind them. “Lucky we didn’t get ourselves ki—
” chorused the squad, doing a convincing imitation of the crowd at Wimbledon as they pivoted in unison to stare at their DI. Greg brought a hand to his flaming face. John, beside him, was facepalming in sympathy. Mycroft looked like a man being strangled by his own necktie.
Oh, of course—another of John’s sex toys. Now that he could see it properly, the “pillow” was actually a sex doll. Well, sex torso, to be precise, since it consisted solely of a pair of buttocks and the aforementioned unrealistic male genitalia. Oh, and anatomically correct orifices, naturally. Sherlock rolled his eyes and grabbed the laptop. Time to get to the bottom of this. He groaned at the unintentional pun, hefted the computer, and stomped out of the room. Then he stomped back in, glared at the neon dildo, and snatched it off the desk. Dick had started all this, and dick would help him solve it. He took it with him for inspiration.
“Hang on,” John stopped and pulled them both off to the side to let other people by. He fished out his phone. Tapping a couple of words into a Google image search, he showed Sherlock what came up. “Fournier’s gangrene. That,” he said, pointing to the blackened lump of necrotic flesh on the screen, “used to be a scrotum.”
So when John locked eyes with me that night, I did not look away. There was something wounded there in his look, and though it hurt me to see it, I held his gaze. “I can’t...” he began, then trailed off. I waited.
John grinned. “You know I’m not really him, right? I’m just a figment of your imagination?”
“Not feeling well, Sherlock. Pretty sure I picked something up at the surgery. Don’t fuss.”
I cried for Mary, because whatever she had been and done, and however she had hurt me, she was still my friend and I had loved her, too, and in the end she had taken a bullet meant for me.
“Oh, for God’s sake!” Sherlock snarled.
“I don’t care about that, John. Please let me help.” The request was moving in its plaintive simplicity.
Louise nodded. “Right. Be right back,” she twinkled, and disappeared into the bathroom.
Sherlock blinked rapidly as he processed this new data, then shook himself out of it. “My brother will be delighted,” he concluded.
“Let’s go.”
The sight that met his eyes stopped him cold. John was lying supine on the bed. His head was out of sight, hidden behind his open laptop, which was sitting on a bed tray John had positioned just to the left of him. And John was most definitely not in distress—far from it, judging by the enthusiastic way he was pumping his erect cock. A headphone cable snaking out of the audio port explained John's failure to respond when Sherlock had called and knocked.
And awakening in the night, still slotted together like puzzle pieces, and whispering their truths, murmuring their love, their devotion, their joy.
“John!” Sherlock’s tousled head popped up from the far side of the bed, followed by the rest of him as he extricated himself. He stumbled, catching himself on the mattress, then straightened to full verticality. He advanced toward John, untwisting his clothing as he went. The trailing hem of his dressing gown tripped him up, and he came within a hair’s breadth of face planting onto his bedroom floor.
amazing. Quite the impressive double standard you’ve got going there.” He was still chuckling as he made his way upstairs.
“Lust?”
No, surely not. Yet here was the man himself, just as Sherlock had predicted. Greg shook his head and stepped out, reaching back to pull the door shut behind him. A sudden screech and the crash of a dropping plate stopped him in his tracks. Mycroft spun around in alarm.
Sherlock saw. Of course Sherlock saw. “Can I get you anything?" he asked, his tone gentler. "The paracetamol?”
“And yet it’s true.” Sherlock shook his head. “I take my hat off to you, John. I rescind my every past assessment of your idiocy. You are, in fact, a diabolical genius in dreadful jumpers.”
“Fine,” Sherlock said shortly, shifting his knees away.
For the better, I think. Sherlock Holmes, consulting detective, recovering sociopath, and human human being. At your service.
“Utterly,” Sherlock agreed, grinning back. Then he sobered, looking over at John uncertainly. “...Gorgeous?” he asked, gaze faltering.
“Easy, there,” said John, stepping forward and reaching out to steady him. Sherlock grabbed a fistful of John’s shirt and hung on like a hermit crab.
The driver appeared to be in his late fifties. He was still fastened into his seat, head lolling to the side. His eyes opened in response to John’s question and he turned his head to look at him.
Greg gave a whoop of laughter, eyes alight. “That’ll do, yeah.”
“What the hell, John?”
“Indeed,” John said. He reached down to adjust himself as unobtrusively as possible and heard Sherlock hiss in a breath at the sight. “Sorry,” he grunted.
His gaze was drawn to the man sat huddled before him, knees drawn up to his nose. Some detached part of John's brain marvelled, not for the first time, at how such a tall man as Sherlock was could fold himself up into such a tiny package. He stepped into Sherlock's field of vision, and Sherlock raised his eyes. John had never seen him look so small and lost. Sherlock held up the scrap of fabric he had been fingering, and John recognized Mrs. Hudson’s apron, already fraying where it had been cut away with trauma scissors. “They cut it off her,” Sherlock said dully. “So they could apply the defibrillator pads. They never delivered a shock, though. They did CPR instead.”
“Sherlock,” John said, his voice soft. “Look at me, please.”
“What are we looking for?” asked Lestrade.
“L-last night?” the detective echoed.
John snickered down at the floor, earning himself a patented Holmes scowl that did nothing whatever to quell his amusement. He would have bet good money against ever hearing the expression “blowing a load” spoken by his posh flatmate, and yet here they were.
Greg turned back to Sherlock, fixing him with an expectant look as he waited for him to stop sitting there blinking and gazing after his brother. It took a moment or two for Sherlock to shake himself out of it and shift his attention back to the subject at hand. “Case files. Right. Let me just...” He indicated the desk and moved over to it, rifling through several stacks of papers until he found the folder he was searching for. “Ah, here we are.” He handed it over and Greg took it from him.
They had just reached the bottom of the stairs when John suddenly stiffened and said, “Oh, God. Loo,
, you berk. I got it right!”
“Flesh—” John began.
Sherlock straightened and nodded, lips pressed together in determination. “Yes, I believe I have.”
“For fuck’s sake, Sherlock,
“You okay?” John asked, perplexed by Sherlock’s frantic manner.
Of course I remembered. It
I totally made up everything about Gymkhana except the name. It's called artistic licence, folks. LOL
Sherlock closed his eyes, reviewing the pursuit of Mulroney from John’s perspective—there had been the alley, the near stabbing, Sherlock checking on him, the climb up the fire escape in the detective’s wake, turn to skirt the stairwell entrance, Sherlock’s leap off the roof...
“Thanks, Mycroft. I just need to get to Sherlock now.” He was about to ring off when Mycroft spoke again.
“Why was your—your—”
John felt his own eyes filling. “We get through it together,” he ground out around the lump in his throat. “I’m here, and I won’t leave you,” he promised.
“The first disappearance was two weeks ago. The other two are more recent.”
The two men advanced down the corridor, playing their torches over the walls and ceiling as they went. “We’re not under Lester’s building anymore,” Sherlock said as he inspected the tunnel. “This leads to the building immediately behind it, on the next street. So Lester's den is just a front, a distraction to keep the authorities busy. Meanwhile, Lester conducts his real business from the building just behind, which the police aren't watching. Clever.” The passage was about 30 metres in length, ending at a steel door—locked, of course. Sherlock fished his set of lock picks out of his Belstaff. “Shine the torch over here, and try to block their view. I’m not supposed to have these, either,” he said, nodding toward the constables who were making their way towards them down the hall. Behind them, they heard the cage begin another laborious trip upward, this time to fetch Lestrade. They shared a grin, and Sherlock went to work on the lock. “Got it!” he said a few seconds later. He grasped the doorknob. “Ready?” he asked.
Sherlock hissed under his breath, fisting his hands at his temples. This was getting ridiculous. Clearly John had awoken with morning wood and decided to take care of it in the shower, as he was perfectly entitled to do. It wasn’t as though he was waving his dick in Sherlock’s face or something. Although if he were, Sherlock might not object—
“Can’t do that right now, Sherlock,” said John, still not meeting his eyes. His head wobbled as though it was too heavy for his neck.
“I forgave you long ago,” I tell him, and he scoffs and turns back to face me.
Sherlock was puttering around in the kitchen when it happened. He was prepping for a new experiment and had just picked up an Erlenmeyer flask when he heard John’s footsteps coming down the stairs from his room.
Sherlock glanced over at John, who by this point was fully dressed and standing with his arms crossed, waiting to find out where they were going next. Sherlock sighed. “Be there in twenty minutes.” He rang off, then spent a few seconds stabbing viciously at his screen before pocketing his mobile.
an unexpected delight? “All right, then,” Sherlock said, and stopped trying to move. “Let me know when it gets to be too much.”
John entered the flat through the kitchen door, looking around for Sherlock. His day at the surgery had been uneventful and his last two patients had cancelled, so he was home somewhat ahead of schedule. It was Friday, and he was hoping Sherlock would be up for a nice dinner out. The kitchen and living room were deserted, and the door to the loo was open...speaking of which, John’s bladder reminded him of some pressing business.
John licked his lips. “Yes, well. As a certain genius of my acquaintance loves to say,” he deepened his voice and affected a posh accent, “
what I said,” he murmured.
“Yeah,” said John, nodding as he looked up at his friend. “I can see fine again.” And the sight of the beatific smile that spread over Sherlock’s features at his words was one he would not soon forget. John’s answering smile was cut short as chills shook him again, raising gooseflesh on his arms.
And then to sleep together, finally spent, exhausted, curled about each other in the bliss of slumber, as though they had always slept so and always would.
Sherlock’s expression hardened.
“Sorry, what?” John asked, leaning forward and turning an ear in Sherlock’s direction. “I didn’t quite catch that.”
“Desire?”
“Oh, for God’s—”
“Don’t be ridiculous, John. That’s impossible. You live with me, willingly. I
...that way? Hope scrabbled like a wild thing in Sherlock’s chest, and he quashed it ruthlessly. No, before he could believe, he needed evidence. Data. Facts. He thought about John’s shenanigans over these past few months, and how they had been steadily escalating. John had clearly been trying to rattle him—an endeavour that had proved a resounding success, Sherlock was forced to admit—but now something was nagging at him, something about the toys themselves.
“—the morgue,” he says, and there it is. The one thing we have never talked about, because it is the one thing John cannot forgive himself for. He puts a hand up and touches my forehead just above my left eyebrow, where his knuckles had split the skin. The sorrow in his face is more than I can stand. "I cut your forehead open," he says. "And your beautiful eye..." he turns his head away in shame, face twisted in self-loathing.
Sherlock gave a theatrical sigh. “All I can tell you is that it’s a case of compressed rage.” John threw an astonished glance in Shankley’s direction. The younger man widened his eyes, looking all innocence. Hardly a stretch for a man who was 90 per cent puppy to begin with. The exchange of glances was lost on the others, though.
When next they surfaced for air, John discovered that he had mysteriously become naked from the waist up and was now straddling Sherlock’s lap. Sherlock’s dress shirt was half open and rucked up to his armpits, his suit jacket having vanished to parts unknown. Both men were panting, flushed, and sporting matching erections that felt fucking
But Sherlock had reached the end of his limited patience. “For God’s sake, Lestrade, do you even have a working brain cell? I can’t do all your thinking for you, and I refuse to even try. I’ve given you everything I can. Work the rest out for yourself, or don’t. I don’t care. Either way, leave me out of it! Do not call, do not text, do not send an officer. In fact, delete the very fact of my existence from your pitiful memory banks for at least the next 48 hours. I don’t care about bank heists, I don’t care about abductions, I don’t even care if Jack the Ripper himself reincarnates and begins slaughtering the heirs to the British throne in alphabetical order. I. AM NOT. AVAILABLE.
He thought Sherlock grieved over Irene Adler, but that wasn’t real, was it? Sherlock had known then that she was still alive. He knows Sherlock grieved over Mary but he wasn’t there to be a part of it. He shut him out back then. Not that he would have been much help, what with the shell of a man he was at the time.
“God,” John scoffs and goes to grab his coat from his chair when Sherlock looks away, unable to respond. “You know, I’m jealous of you.”
“What would have made you happy, then, John?” Sherlock asks quietly.
“Oh, John.” She cries in exasperation, throwing her hands in the air in disbelief.
Thank you so much for taking this journey with me. This story is especially personal to me; like Sherlock in this story, I too lost a father to dementia — as well as a sibling. In fact, William is quite similar here to my own father, and some anecdotes about him and Sherlock are actually borrowed from our own family's story.
He should thank William for being a gentle, loving presence in his son’s life, even if not a perfect one. He’d like to promise him that he’ll take care of his son, that he’ll love him if he’s allowed to.
, Dr. Watson,” Mycroft says. “He very well could be a ticking time bomb.”
“If it’s OK with you, and with Sherlock, you’re welcome to join us again.”
“...and according to our intelligence signals, there are no underground vaults underneath Appledore, despite your insistence on the matter,” Mycroft says, his long, crossed legs dangling as he occupies John’s chair. “I’ve had the opinions of numerous sources on this matter. There’s no technology available to hide any such structure. Sherlock?”
“No,” he says and hangs his jacket, refusing to take the bait.
“Oh, he’s a nice young man, isn’t he?” Mrs. Norbury coos from the back.
“No. Not work related.”
“Don’t know. But it’s a posh area, favoured by diplomats.” Lestrade says. “Anyway, there’d been a break-in to their flat the other night. Some neighbours reported it. A suspicious person lurking around, and then he was seen on their balcony.”
“John, I can assure you I thought about this long and hard, and while this really isn’t the optimal-”
He spends his ride to Baker Street conjuring last night’s resolve to speak to Sherlock about his father, to unpack yesterday’s hospital visit. He needs to do this, for himself if not for Sherlock.
“Christ,” David says, shocked, and looks at Edwin.
“Sherlock’s father is ill. He’s in hospital.” John says and looks at the floor as Lestrade raises an eyebrow and steals a glance at Sherlock. “I came over to check on Sherlock and Mycroft was there. He was the one who told me about their father. I wasn’t comfortable leaving so I called James when Sherlock was out and cancelled.”
, Sherlock.” John rolls his eyes. “It's so much work, so much responsibility, and I… Rosie was supposed to be the thing to build this marriage around. She's the reason I returned. I was supposed to have someone to walk down this road with. Doing it alone is…” His thoughts stray, and he doesn't finish the sentence.
“Yes, but—”
and that Sherlock should be
“Mary?” He calls and finds her in bed, dozing in front of the telly.
“Did you ask me to get in the car just to insult me?”
“Watson’s choice.” Sherlock explains and looks up towards the tiny tyrant sitting on his shoulders, giddy with the way things are progressing today. She really has Sherlock wrapped around her fingers, that one. John can’t help but wait for her to grow up enough to ask her how she does it.
He placed the photograph on the bedside table, though that didn’t last long (
They measure each other in a loaded stalemate, their chests heaving heavily.
“So, the day after next?”
"Thank you for speaking honestly, Sherlock," David says. "John, I'm sorry - I know this is difficult to hear."
“Mycroft,” Sherlock says, “Stewart just left for—”
And here he thought he’s been having a crappy decade.
Sherlock stops for another second, listening to his brother.
“Remember when you told me? About how you wished you never came back?”
“No,” David says. “There was no one left. There was a guard. His name was Nadi.”
“I had this image in my head of having to call your mother, telling her that you’re dead while your father is on his deathbed.” He says furiously, his lips a straight line as he holds his anger back.
“Understandable. Give it some time, both of you. And John, remember that this is a process, but it won’t go on forever. At some point, Sherlock will have his answers. Thank you for coming and for being so honest. As Sherlock’s therapist, I have a bigger picture now.”
“Fuck,” John said. “Fuck, fuck.” He paused for a moment, moving her legs off his shoulders.
"I love your legs," John says, like an escaped thought. "They're so bloody long."
Three long steps bring him into Sherlock's space. He presses himself into Sherlock, like he's being dragged in by magnetic force, one hand drawing up to cup Sherlock's neck. His lips are soft against Sherlock's mouth, like he's getting used to the feel of it, cherishing the sensation itself. The eroticism of his delicacy decimates Sherlock. An embarrassing groan, broken by the barest hint of a whine, escapes from Sherlock's mouth into John's, and John swallows it. He drags on Sherlock's neck, fingernails digging into delicate skin, and their mouths collide with a passion Sherlock has never known. He keens, near a swoon, and John writes his intentions with his tongue, a vow to devour Sherlock entirely.
Sherlock cannot speak, but nods violently, pulls John into a ferocious kiss. He wraps his legs around John’s backside and pulls him in tighter, demanding movement. John starts slow, but it doesn’t last, because Sherlock is so responsive, groaning in ecstasy and crying for more with each faster and harder stroke. His cock is fully hard again between them, and when John attempts to rub at it with his bandaged hand, Sherlock bats him away.
“Unfortunately, we Holmes children face the primary challenge of having someone tolerate us long enough to consider reproduction. Being insufferable is high quality birth control.”
John just smiled and nodded.
John is ruined forever at the sight of him losing control. It’s too decadent, to precious, too overwhelmingly, mind-blowingly hot to ever be forgotten or discarded or ignored. Sherlock’s whole body tenses, arches up from the chair. He comes down John’s throat with a convulsion and a shout, thrusting and shaking until John has swallowed ever last drop. John continues to suck him until the sounds coming from his mouth are tinged with discomfort, then finally releases Sherlock’s softening cock. He immediately climbs onto Sherlock’s lap and kisses his slack mouth. They sit there and snog for what seems like forever, tasting each other, savoring the moment.
John steps closer to him. Sherlock doesn’t move. John takes a deep breath and steps closer again, steps into Sherlock’s space. He smells like stale sex and cold wind, with the barest hint of cigarette. Sherlock remains frozen, eyes fixed on John’s.
They stumble out and towel off. Sherlock shakes his hair out like an oversized dog, which prompts John to drag him into Sherlock's bedroom, grip lethal around Sherlock's wrist. He flings Sherlock onto the bed, and Sherlock sprawls on the unmade sheets, still damp. John's momentum catches as he stands at the edge of the bed, like he's noticing Sherlock's legs for the first time. His fingers run over the knobs of Sherlock's knees. He looks lost in thought, despite his truly incredible erection. Little drops of water trickle over his musculature.
“Well, I love you, then. I love you. I can’t imagine loving anyone else the way I love you.”
John moans and kisses Sherlock. “God, yes,” is all he can manage.
“Because I think it's time for a little medicinal shower, don't you?”
John lets all the air in his lungs out through his nose, and his shoulders drop. "I'm sorry."
“Sure,” John says.
His fingers land on John's scar, a gnarled splatter of modern warfare. John sighs, and puts his own fingers over Sherlock's heart, where Mary's bullet nearly ended everything. The tears in John's eyes catch Sherlock off guard, though John lets none escape.
“Storm’s coming,” John says. “They say it’s going to be a bad one. Power might go out.”
"I won't wander from this place, wherever it is" Sherlock says. "I can't. Now that I have this, I won't be able to let it go."
Sherlock doesn't know how they end up in the shower. John's mind must be functioning slightly better than his, a rarity, but one Sherlock is glad for. The water shocks full sensation back to his skin; the burning consumes everything for several long moments. When he comes back to awareness, they are naked. John is at the other end of the tub, watching him.
John doesn’t have much leverage to move, so he begins to rock, Sherlock’s cock sliding in and out incremental amounts. Sherlock groans torturously, but lets John set the pace, a slow build of their bodies coming together and apart. It’s not long before John wants more, squirms and whines when he can’t quite find a way to thrust. Sherlock takes the hint and releases his grip on John’s back, leaning back to brace himself on his arms so he can push his hips upwards. John follows his lead, Sherlock slipping free of him briefly as John gets his knees under him. He grabs at Sherlock’s cock to get him back inside and sinks down far more readily now. Sherlock gives a tentative but proper thrust and John cries out, steadies himself with his bandaged hands on Sherlock’s chest.
“Hmm?” Sherlock says, lifting his head slightly.
John breathes his words in. He kisses Sherlock like he means to do it every day for the rest of his life. Sherlock's beginning to believe he really does.
“Yoo-hoo!” She freezes as she takes in an eyeful of John’s bare ass, thrust in the air. “Oh dear, I’ll just let you boys to it then.” Without the barest hint of embarrassment, she smiles and turns to leave. At the door she adds, “It’s about time!”
He takes the lubricant and squeezes a generous amount onto his own fingers. Without ever breaking eye contact with John, he arches his hips and begins to finger himself. John is torn between the look on Sherlock’s face and watching his long fingers disappear inside himself—they both groan when Sherlock pushes three in at once. It is the sexiest thing John has ever seen. It’s not long before Sherlock reaches for John’s cock with a slick hand, stroking with reverence until John is coated and leaking from the tip.
“Thought you didn’t like playing board games with me.”
"I don't want to wake up," Sherlock says. "If this is a dream--"
“Mmyes, yes, please god, do it again.”
“Potentially.”
“Not sure we’ll both fit in the tub,” John says.
“Thank you,” Sherlock says.
They don’t speak as Sherlock draws the bath, then sits John on the toilet once again to remove his bandages. John observes Sherlock, takes him in, the long lines of his musculature, the fine lines of careful attention around his eyes as he examines John’s hands, gently probing the swollen skin. There is a tension in the silence, so much still unsaid bubbling away inside of John, but there’s an odd peace in it too. A trust. Something monumental is shifting between them, and yet very little is changing. He trusts Sherlock with his life. He’s not sure why it’s taken him quite so long to trust him with his heart.
“Doesn’t look too bad,” Sherlock says, releasing his grip but still holding John’s hands between them.
“What would you like to know?”
"Just so you know," John pants, "It's been a long couple of days, and I'm um--I'm a little worked up, I just--I'm not as young as I used to be, and if you want something else from me--" He gasps as Sherlock's grip twists.
Sherlock’s hand goes to his mouth, and he chews the end of his finger, thinking. Then he stands abruptly, kisses John hard, and whispers,
“Yes,” John cries as Sherlock picks up speed, “that’s perfect, Sherlock, oh god—”
“Fine,” John says. “Fine. Sherlock Holmes, I want you to fuck me with your fantastic cock as a commemoration of this, the day I finally accept I am at least a little bit bisexual.”
“We're going to need all the towels.”
Sherlock eyes the tub, now midway full with steaming water. It really is quite a small space for two grown men. To get in that tub together is a deliberately intimate act, somehow just as intimate if not more so than their activities of the last 24 hours.
"Across infinite timelines, all things are possible," Sherlock says.
The next day Sherlock gave John an awkward, “I don't normally do that,” speech. John said that was fine, he valued their friendship too much to mess it up with sex. Even if the sex was mind blowing. And things went back to normal. Except for when, a few weeks later, another near-death encounter ended in a hard fuck across the kitchen table. Next day, back to best friends forever.
John ran back down the stairs, arms full of towels. He lay them carefully out on Sherlock's bed, layering as much as possible. Then he stripped off his clothes as fast as he could. Sherlock came back in and flopped onto the towel covering with an unenthusiastic grunt. She shrugged off her shirt and then removed her knickers with a wiggle.
"I can't feel it," Sherlock says, and it's true, he doesn't feel cold at all.
Sherlock’s mouth forms a tight line, but then he tilts his head.
“Joining me, then?” John says.
“Ah, no, I guess not,” John says, looking at the pile of bandages he’s undone. “Just wanted to have a look in the cold hard light of day.”
“I am—” he starts, staring into the fire. “I am also quite fond of you. The things you said. Think about you when you aren’t around. I—” His hands twist in the hem of his dressing gown. “I want this,
Sherlock laughs. “You know you don’t have to, right? I quite enjoy it, with the right person, but not everyone does.”
“Good.” There’s something slightly sheepish in the way he’s standing, like perhaps he wants to stand closer but is unsure how it will be received. “Going to let it breathe?” he asks.
“And there's nothing you can do to help with the pain?” John asked.
"It feels like my heart is going to explode," John says. It isn't a sappy emotional exposition, it's a fact. Sherlock takes his other hand and puts it over John's heart, steady even as it races. John's heartbeat taps code into Sherlock's palm, a frenzy of anxious wonder, and it sings through Sherlock's blood until he has no choice but to surrender his doubt. He has a hard time even conceptualizing regret.
John does go to sit on the sofa and attempts to look nonchalant, sipping the last of his water for lack of anything better to do. Sherlock comes in with a burst of cold, shaking the snow from his curls and kicking off his boots with a scatter of slush. He takes off his coat to reveal he’s got no shirt on underneath it, just his pajama bottoms slung loose around his hips. John swallows audibly. Two very visible sets of teeth marks and a brilliantly purple love bite stand out across Sherlock’s chest and neck. He hangs his coat and stands near the doorway, dripping and looking at John.
“John, this is no ordinary menstruation. We are not speaking of gladiatorial matches or beheadings. Fucking Stalingrad has opened up in my uterus. The Soviets are slaughtering the Germans. There are heavy civilian casualties.”
John blushes. “Well, technically, yes. I mean, I’ve had anal sex before, but only with women. So, I guess you’re my first there. But, ah, not my first time sucking a dick.”
“Says the man whose romantic and sexual history might as well be a top-secret classified document."
“Prolly should get a doctor’s opinion,” John says, grinning at him.
“I’m sorry,” John says. “For not asking.”
“Anytime,” Sherlock says, finally meeting John’s gaze with a smirk.
John feels that hot tingling across his skin again, not just the wine then. The heat pools in his groin, and he suddenly feels wildly uncomfortable in a way that makes his breath hitch.
Sherlock shrugs, then fetches one of the blankets off the sofa and drapes it beside John. John joins him in sitting on it, close by but not touching except where John’s foot covers Sherlock’s foot. John realizes he is starving too, and they eat ravenously. By the time the bowls are clean, the first log has caught fire and the room warmed significantly.
“I’m sure the sober doctor tomorrow will have all sorts of opinions,” Sherlock says. “Let’s go clean and dress them at least, so he’s not too upset.”
"I don't care," Sherlock says, because he's pretty sure he's about to bring John to orgasm, and he doesn't want to lose one minute of it.
“Do I look like I need a small dose?” Sherlock yelled, writing about on the floor for dramatic effect.
“Not exactly a problem,” Sherlock says. He turns to prepare the tea. John stares at his bottom. Sherlock catches him, then tries to turn quickly away to hide his smile. John feels like a teenager again, like he wants to have Sherlock across every surface of this flat.
“Slightly,” Sherlock admits. “They tell me I’m a genius; we’ll figure something out.”
“I’m still trying to figure out exactly what to say,” John says. He wriggles until he’s able to turn and face Sherlock properly, lean in close to his mouth. “Slightly terrified the wrong thing will come out.”
“Because it might have led to talking about this.” He doesn’t clarify what this is, but tucks his nose under Sherlock’s jawline, nuzzling there.
“Can’t quite picture Mycroft as a father,” John says. “Well, maybe I can. Slightly terrifying.”
"What did you say?" Sherlock whispers.
Sherlock shrugs like it’s all the same, and stands, gathering the dressing supplies to return them to the bathroom.
“Idiot,” Sherlock says, but he’s up, coming across the room to stamp out the last of the smoking carpet, and then take John’s hands in his own. He cradles them, holding them up to examine the damage done. “You are aware we keep a collection of instruments specifically for that task,” he says, nodding his head at the fireplace tools neatly tucked in their stand beside the hearth.
“A bath,” Sherlock mumbles against his lips.
John's uncertainty is confusing, because of course Sherlock does, he has for many years. The logistics of physicality might be new, but the desire is decidedly not. All he can manage is a slightly frantic nod. John blinks at him.
Sherlock pulls John back down on top of him, wedged between his legs on the narrow couch. They kiss, long and slow. Sherlock grabs at John’s cock and positions him at his entrance.
“Lot of snow out there?” John asks as he offers his hands to Sherlock.
"It still doesn't feel possible," John says.
“Yes,” Sherlock says into his mouth. “Please.”
“I’ll survive,” John says.
Sherlock takes his free hand and gropes between them, and John arches his hips accommodatingly. Sherlock grapples to take both their cocks at once, but settles on just John, because once he starts touching John, he can't stop. He's perfect in Sherlock's hand, so soft Sherlock shivers with the sensation. John whines into Sherlock's mouth, and Sherlock instantly catalogs and files away the noise, permanent and locked.
“I’m sorry,” John says, suddenly. He kisses Sherlock’s mouth. “I’m sorry,” he says again, dropping kisses across his face. “I’m sorry. I’m sorry.”
“Thinking about sex,” John says.
“You try too hard to let everyone know how not gay you are to have zero homosexual encounters in your past,” Sherlock says. “But also yes, it was evidently not a novice attempt.”
John loses what’s left of his control. He fucks into Sherlock recklessly, sucking his neck, biting his shoulders. Sherlock drags his fingernails down John’s back, yanks at his hair, licks into his mouth, and with every thrust lets free a new sound of pleasure, encouraging, demanding, then erupting with a second orgasm, semen shooting up across his stomach and chest.
“Oh,” slips from John’s mouth. He doesn’t mean to tense, but he certainly squeezes where Sherlock will notice.
“Just—harder, John,” he gasps out.
“So, you’ll be joining me then?” John asks. This gets a laugh out of Sherlock, and the tension lessens.
“C'mon then. Let's get this over with. Condoms in the table there.” She gestured to beside the bed.
“Okay?” John croaks out.
John chews over this information—not at all what he was expecting of Sherlock’s past.
They do not hear Mrs. Hudson until it’s too late and she’s through the door of the apartment with a,
John set Sherlock on the bed, where she promptly curled up again. When John reached for the waistband of her trousers, she scowled at him.
“And a few lovely people somewhere in between. Occasionally all at the same time."
“Yes.”
News of the coming storm reaches John near the end of his shift at the hospital, a flurry of rumor and small talk to match the first drifting flakes of snow outside. Storm of a century, oh, don’t we have so many of those around the world these days. Expectation of power outages, lighthearted jokes about the apocalypse. John is glad to finish his day. He stops by the store on the way home for candles and batteries—Mrs. Hudson is always well-stocked on firewood. He also picks up a more than a couple bottles of wine, and ingredients for a few of Sherlock’s favorite dishes. John doesn’t think much about how his diet has shifted to whatever is most likely to get Sherlock to eat. Just a soft nagging he mostly ignores, about how his life isn’t his anymore, it’s theirs.
“I've had period sex before,” John said, a little sheepishly.
Sherlock smiles, half-shy, half-deviant. “We have four hands between the two of us.”
It wasn't a bad arrangement. Sure, John wasn't getting laid unless he'd been recently put in mortal danger, but it could've been worse. He could've been not getting laid at all.
“Indeed. Miles to go before we sleep.”
This cracks a smile across Sherlock’s face.
“It’s really—” John starts, then shakes his head and laughs. “I feel silly. I want to say I love you, but that’s not news, is it?”
John scooped her off the bed and carried her to the bathroom before Sherlock even had a chance to roll her eyes.
“Oh, they do, do they?” John teases. Sherlock kicks at John’s wandering foot, which descends quickly into some highly undignified footsie. Then Sherlock is lunging across into John’s lap, and they’re kissing again, hotter than before, John opening his mouth to welcome Sherlock in, his fingers tangled in Sherlock’s wet curls. They kiss until they are both hard and rutting against one another, Sherlock through his pants and John through the blanket slung across his hips, and it’s truly ridiculous and juvenile and John does not want to stop.
“Yeah,” John said. “You know, there is something we might try.”
They sit in silence for a stretch, Sherlock running his fingertips up and down John’s arms.
John laughs into Sherlock's skin, and Sherlock can feel the echo of it all the way through him.
“Oh,” Sherlock says. He can’t manage the blank mask from before, the vulnerability in his eyes is too much.
John laughs and kisses him, and then they are both laughing and kissing at the same time, John’s fear beginning to die.
“I did have an affair with a married man, once,” Sherlock says. “It was brief. Also involving cocaine.”
“Sorry,” John says, though he isn’t, not really.
He collapses onto Sherlock’s chest. They lay there, heaving with exertion, for an immeasurable amount of time. Sherlock’s arms wrap around John’s back, and they linger in the warmth of one another until the chill begins to set in across their sweat-damp skin. John tenderly pulls out, causing them both to wince. He stands, wobbling, and goes for a glass of water, two, and a kitchen rag. When he returns, Sherlock is sitting up. He hands him the glass, and the rag, which Sherlock haphazardly drags across his stomach. John sits beside him, their naked thighs pressed together. They drink their water.
Sherlock was looking at him skeptically.
"If this is a dream, you'll have to wake up and come find me," John says. "I'm an idiot. I don't know how I did it, but I hid this from myself. You have to make me see. Whatever world you end up in tomorrow, find me and make me realize."
John just stares back, beet red, drunk, and speechless.
“You’re not feeling a bit dirty this morning?”
“Shit, sorry,” John said, sitting up and pulling out.
Sherlock watches him, willing to wait forever for what he has to say. John sighs.
Sherlock doesn’t reply, just half smiles and shakes his head, like John is being ridiculous again. John doesn’t mind. He goes to the living room and begins to do his best at building a fire.
John stroked himself a bit, finding a full erection an easy task in Sherlock's naked presence. He grabbed a condom from the bedside table, pushing away the pang of jealousy that she might have these to use with someone else.
“John,” Sherlock finally interrupts, voice low and rough. “You aren’t naked.”
Sherlock smashes their mouths together, bites down on John’s lip, and comes hard across John’s chest with a pained growl. The combination of sensation and stimulation sends John over the edge, pumping spurt after spurt onto Sherlock’s fist. John whines, his head lolling back and then forward to rest on Sherlock’s shoulder. Sherlock pants against his neck.
“I don’t like it when you cheat and then get upset when I catch you.”
“Maybe after a shower,” John says, “we could build another fire.”
He’s trying to strike a match for the kindling when Sherlock comes over to sit beside him on the carpet, two bowls in hand. They wordlessly exchange tasks, John taking the bowls and sitting on the floor nearby, and Sherlock deftly setting flame to the nest of sticks and newspaper beneath the log. He stands upright, dusting off his hands, glances at John a little questioningly, like he’s not sure why the floor is John’s seating option of choice.
, but too much, a frightening amount. Some days I cannot fathom why you haven’t left. I prepare myself for the day it finally happens. I am afraid what will happen if I stop preparing, if I’m not prepared and it happens. I am afraid I would not recover.”
Sherlock glances back at John, still not moving his head, though there is the barest flicker of a smile, a tiny tick of the corner of his mouth that John only catches because he’s looking for it.
“I—I’ve thought about it,” John admits. “I’ve fantasized about it, with you. Both ways, I—I’ve maybe been fantasizing for a long time now, and I’ve had a lot of time to think about, well, all sorts of things.”
“Depends entirely on the activity,” he says, rumbling slightly below his ordinary register.
“Nothing so mundane. I was using my chemistry degree to make club drugs, introduced me to the full spectrum of London’s underbelly. Ended up in all kinds of places, situations I’d never imagined. It’s easy to make friends when you show up at a party with drugs. Easy to get invited to more parties, invitation only parties. Eventually I ended up at parties where after a certain hour everyone took off their clothing, and sex was no longer a taboo but a norm.”
“Are you gay?” is the first question that pops out. John winces at it, can hear his own insecurities voiced in the word. Sherlock pulls John back into his embrace, and John goes, until he is almost fully reclined against him, John’s head resting on Sherlock’s shoulder where he can tilt to look up at his face. Sherlock winds his arms around John, encompassing.
“Didn’t think you’d be up to wielding a shovel,” Sherlock replies. He pads over to the kitchen table, shaking the wet from his hair like a dog, and peers suggestively at John’s hands.
"Thank you,” he says quietly.
Sherlock passes him a steaming mug. “If you promise not to touch it.”
“Jesus,” John says. He can’t remember the last time he’s had sex this good. Maybe never. He’s still not sure about Sherlock’s sexual history, but he hardly comes off as a novice. A flash of last night, Sherlock fingering himself while staring John down. Not exactly virginal. John’s just come and yet the memory sends a fresh bolt of arousal through him. He never once imagined the consequences if Sherlock were to have a comparable amount of oppressed desire within him, if any of the buried longing was mutual. For the first time, he envisions a regular sexual relationship between them, and is nearly crushed by how much he wants it, how good it could be.
They'd only slept together a few times. Mostly, Sherlock kept things purely platonic, with a lot of standing very close together but never touching. But then, one night a few months back, after a particularly heart-pounding case where John had shot two men and Sherlock had nearly been beheaded, she'd jumped him when they arrived home. They'd had hot, sweaty, hard, thank-god-I'm-alive sex on the living room floor. Twice.
“Which is why Mycroft would call you a virgin,” John says.
“Sorry,” Sherlock says while they figure out how to stand a normal amount apart.
“We have both been idiots and cowards, but god, Sherlock, believe me when I say, to leave would be to lose a part of myself, most of myself. My life is yours. I don’t care what happens. My life is yours.”
John's grin is so wide, it makes him look vaguely idiotic. "What?" he says again, like something is wrong with his hearing.
“I don't suppose I could arrange to utilize those services of yours again so soon?”
Sherlock’s moan is luxurious. His hands fly to the top of John’s head, fingers tangling and pulling at John’s hair as his hips jerk uncontrollably and the head of his cock bumps against the back of John’s throat. John swallows and bobs and sucks—it’s been a hundred years and a thousand lifetimes since he gave his last blowjob, but even then John cared excessively about doing his best for others, and instincts die hard. And this is Sherlock, the person he cares for most in the entire world. Sherlock, doing his best not to hump John’s mouth, panting and groaning as his hard, hot flesh slides in and out of John’s mouth, across his capable tongue.
There are the accelerations: cases, fixations, punctuated by euphoria, followed by a delayed crash, days and weeks and sometimes months of sulking melancholia. When they first lived together, when they were both much younger than they realized, Sherlock could be quite abrasive in these bouts, with deliberately cruel lashings and snide pickings, like a wounded child trying to spread around the pain. Somewhere along the way, in all the death, rebirth, and death again, this cruelty died as well. In its place is a hollowness. At least cruelty has spirit, flares alive and takes up energy and space. Now, John can feel the empty pit open within Sherlock during his melancholies, just by being in proximity to his slumped form, witnessing the flattened, defeated gaze as he stares into nothingness.
Sherlock’s still wearing his mask, but he can’t help the flush on his neck.
John grabs Sherlock’s t-shirt, pulls him down, and kisses him.
It is winter, both in London and in Sherlock’s soul. John doesn’t know how many days it’s been since Sherlock left the house, how long since he’s seen Sherlock anywhere besides flung on the sofa like a collapsed rag doll or curled away in the nest of blankets on his bed which he refuses to have washed--but it’s enough days to be approaching a month. John feeds him, or tries to, and that is the extent of their interactions beyond the gentle, unassuming coexistence they’ve cultivated together. It’s admittedly terrifying the way Sherlock sinks inside himself, vanishes into a shell, but John knows he’ll come out of it eventually. He always has.
There was blood everywhere. The condom, their bodies, and the towels were all covered. It was smeared up his chest and over Sherlock's back. When she rolled over, he was surprised to find it all over her breasts.
John looks up at him through his eyelashes, and they both emit a sound of torturous arousal as their eyes meet. Sherlock’s face is distorted in pleasure, his hair sticking up at all angles like a mad man. John takes him deep, willing away his gag reflex, and Sherlock cannot bear to look anymore, squeezes his eyes shut as his head tips back and he cries out.
“I don’t like the word ‘love’. It means too many different things to too many different people.”
Sherlock reemerges as quickly as he vanished, still gloriously naked, but now with a tube of lubricant clutched in his hand. He comes close and presents it to John, nervously, like he’s had a hundred thoughts on his trip to the bedroom, all the ones John wasn’t having, that they really shouldn’t do this, that it can only end in regret. But John’s given up on those thoughts for now, can’t even remember they exist, now that Sherlock stands here, offering what he wants, what John wants, still afraid they won’t just take it.
Sherlock frowns, grips John tighter. “Thinking it’s inevitable that one of us will leave the other. I don’t want to lose you, but we all lose each other in the end. And that love is—” He falters, finding the words. “I love you because it’s worth it anyway. I love you enough to accept how badly it will hurt to lose you.”
A minute of nothing but bliss floated by.
There’s a long silence. John looks at Sherlock; Sherlock looks at the fire. John finally squeezes his toes on Sherlock’s foot, and Sherlock starts, meets his eyes.
“John,” Sherlock says, slightly choked, startling him out of the moment. He retracts his bandaged hand, and they stand there in the hallway, blushing at each other.
“I—” John isn’t sure what to say. He’s thought about it, oh, how he has thought about it, and there’s little question of physical want, his cock nearly half-hard again, but there’s a big leap between thinking and doing, and—“It’s only that, I’ve never. Is all.”
Sure enough, Sherlock let out a small moan when John shoved in particularly fast, snapping his hips the best he could. John repeated the movement again, pounding until her face was contorted in pleasure. A flush ran over her chest and highlighted her cheeks, her lips were glossy and parted, eyes closed ever so slightly, brow furrowed. It was the hottest thing John had ever seen. It made him want to fuck her even harder.
“I don’t care,” Sherlock says, leaning back in.
“A bad idea you will certainly regret,” Sherlock says.
“I don’t know, we might have taken too long,” Sherlock says. “The betting pool they had at the Yard was donated to a children’s hospital a few years back."
John twists to crawl over to him, put his bandaged hands on Sherlock’s shoulders.
John puts an arm around him and holds him. For a long, hazy moment, John thinks he could stay just like this forever. Suspended in time on a snowy night in London with Sherlock, even at his worst.
“It’s cold,” John says. “Want to be close to the fire.”
“I just took out my fucking tampon. You have two minutes to get down here and start fucking me or I will start to fucking gush everywhere and I'll make you fucking clean it up.”
“Ambitious,” Sherlock says. He goes back to staring at the ceiling, and John knows that’s the end of the conversation. He sighs, a shorter version of Sherlock’s mournful one, and stands to go prepare dinner. At the kitchen entryway, he pauses, turns to add,
John looks so happy, Sherlock feels dizzy. Then John's hands are on his face, and John's mouth is on his, and nothing in the entire universe exists except for them, in this one moment, stretching out across the infinite multiverse, the way they always should have been and always will be.
"I love you," Sherlock slips out, like a secret. "I think I always have."
John went downstairs to heat water, and when he returned with the hot water bottle, Sherlock was curled up yet again, clutching her stomach and emitting a soft whine.
“But you had—” Sherlock stops, takes a deep breath. “You haven’t had any other first times in the last day, have you?”
Sherlock takes his hand again, because Sherlock likes holding John's hand. John squeezes so tight, the tips of Sherlock's fingers go numb.
"Jesus," John whines. "I promise I'm not normally--" The rest of the sentence is lost to a groan.
“Can do again, if you like,” Sherlock says. He leans back against the countertop, shaking a hand through his curls to wick away the wet. John is struck in the moment by how gorgeous he is, how he’s only gotten more so with age, the grey at his temples bringing an odd dignity to his eccentricity. He wants to touch, and now that he has touched, the desire screams inside him.
John dragged his fingers through the blood on the insides of her thighs, then dipped two fingers inside her. Sherlock let out a small gasp. He pulled them out, coated in the thick blood, and then absentmindedly painted in an alien language on her stomach.
Sherlock looks slightly baffled. His hair has begun to dry and frizz, but one curl is still resolutely stuck to his forehead. Without thinking, John reaches up and brushes it away. His fingertips linger in Sherlock’s hair, smoothing out the fray with the last drops of clinging melted snow. A pink flush creeps up Sherlock’s neck, and it’s so easy for John to drop his fingers there, trace along the warmth under his skin.
“Body parts? What—no, never mind. Never mind. Sod this, I don’t bloody want to know.” Cath shook her head, turning and settling herself behind the wheel. She shoved her key into the ignition and started the engine. “Just get out. Both of you, out,
John was his protector just as much as Mycroft was, albeit in a different way. Perhaps even more so than Mycroft, for John and Sherlock mostly met on an equal footing and did not have the difficult history Sherlock shared with his brother. John lacked Mycroft’s supercilious attitude and did not try to run Sherlock’s life for him, beyond the occasional nudge in the right direction. Yet he and Mycroft did have Sherlock’s best interests at heart and often worked together to protect him, particularly on what Mycroft and John called (somewhat melodramatically, in Sherlock’s view) his danger nights—nights where Sherlock’s demons—his sentiment—left him at greater risk for self-destructive choices. Nights when he needed something, anything, to calm the maelstrom of thoughts and feelings swirling in his head.
But then he had met John, and suddenly he did not need drugs anymore—at least, not as long as John was with him. Incredibly, John had become his flatmate and almost immediately his friend and protector, and then, in time, his conductor of light. John understood him in ways that continually surprised and moved him. Sherlock knew he was a difficult person to understand and a challenge to live with, given to towering strops and erratic behaviour that would drive even the most unflappable flatmate barmy, yet no matter how many times John stormed out, he always came back. That was the most astonishing thing of all. Everyone, until John, had always left. No one, until John, had mattered. John was the exception to so many rules.
“Yeah,” he said, searching my face. “How can you possibly know that?”
“Which in no way negates the fact that I’m bisexual,” Greg bit out, jaw tight. Bi erasure had been a sore spot with him for decades.
Anderson nodded.
Sherlock scrunched up his face. “What?”
I put my hands on his shoulders, grounding him. “All right, John,” I say calmly. “You're having a panic attack. I need you to take one deep breath now. One breath, John. Please, will you do this for me?”
John reentered 221B, Louise’s jacket still trailing from one hand, to find that Sherlock had returned in his absence. He greeted John cheerily as he entered. “Ah, John, you’re back. Excellent.” He held up one of the dismembered hands. “I was just about to get started on a new experiment.” His eyes twinkled. “Care to lend a hand?”
A few minutes later, Greg and Mycroft were sat on either side of Greg’s desk, digging into generous helpings of sag paneer and biryani. Greg bit into a samosa so perfectly crispy and flaky that it seemed to melt in his mouth. He closed his eyes in ecstasy as the perfect blend of seasonings permeated his taste buds. “Dear God,” he said. “This food is a religious experience. Where’s it from?”
, he thought. “Didn’t deduce that one, then?” he needled.
“Of course,” Cath giggled, walking backwards until the backs of her knees hit the mattress. John followed her down, working a hand up under her blouse to cup one silk-covered breast. Cath hummed her approval. “I suppose we’ve got time for a speed shag.”
“Cleared out for the weekend,” Sherlock said, shoving John’s jacket off and divesting him of his jumper for the second time that night as they shuffled toward the foot of the stairs. “Texted her from NSY.”
John moved his hand down, cupping Sherlock’s jaw. Sherlock tipped his head back just a bit, eyes closing of their own accord as John stroked a thumb over one exquisite cheekbone. He leaned gently into the touch. John’s thumb stroked lower, moving inward to graze the side of Sherlock’s nose, then farther down to trace one half of the perfect Cupid’s bow of Sherlock’s upper lip, from his philtrum to the outer corner of his mouth. Sherlock’s breath hitched at the touch and his eyes opened again, searching. John brought his other hand up to cradle the beloved face, tipping Sherlock’s head back still further to look deeply into his eyes. The depth of emotion he found there brought him, literally, to his knees before the detective.
Mrs. Hudson favours us both with a smile and goes over to place a kiss on Rosie's hair. "I'll bring us up some tea, then, shall I? And maybe some biscuits for the little one," she adds slyly, aware of John's views on sweets for breakfast, and sweets for toddlers, and toddlers having sweets for breakfast.
“Oh, right,” John said blandly. “Forgot I left that there. Sorry. I’ll take it back upstairs.” John extended a hand, clearly expecting Sherlock to pick the thing up and hand it to him, but Sherlock eyed the Fleshlight as though it might grow fangs and pounce. He stepped aside to allow John to reach for it himself.
” Sherlock asked in disbelief. “The foreplay lasted the better part of a
John’s voice said in his ear.
“Don’t,” he says, and the word comes out a near gasp. I stop. He shoves the press onto the worktop and stumbles from the room.
Sherlock smiled back shyly, gaze faltering and cheeks pinking up. “Yeah.”
“That is not
Sherlock stood, tucked himself away delicately (even after everything, he was still half hard, and the sight of John's bare chest wasn't helping), and fastened his trousers. “How the bloody hell should I know?” he asked bitterly. “It’s not like I ever respond to her.” Just then his phone rang again, and with a growl, Sherlock stalked into the kitchen to snatch it off the table. He checked the screen. Lestrade. Sherlock accepted the call with a savage swipe of his thumb. “
“Like I said, bit off the beaten path, maybe a half-hour by car? But completely worth the drive.”
Sherlock considered the next of John’s toys: the infamous dildo. What would John need with a dildo if he were straight? They were designed for insertion, after all. Of course, plenty of straight men enjoyed prostate stimulation, certainly, but surely there were other toys far better designed for the purpose, if that was what John was after. Possible second point in favour of bisexuality, but again, tenuous. More data needed.
“Would that it were true.” John says and they exchange a bitter-sweet smile, contemplating for a minute before John speaks again.
“Antidepressants. Anti-anxiety.”
“Musa Qala?”
Mycroft Holmes stands ramrod straight by the window, staring at passers-by on the street. John could swear, would swear, that his heart had stopped beating for a full five seconds.
” Sherlock says through gritted teeth. “You said you had something for me?”
Sherlock sips his tea solemnly at the Diogenes Club as he watches one of Mycroft’s cronies remotely installing a spyware app on David’s new iPhone.
“Then why didn’t you?”
"No, you’re not," John says, grinding his teeth in anger. “Sherlock—”
John’s breath catches when Gabriel shakes the gun in panic and indecision.
“Here’s a towel. There are toiletries inside. And I bought you some new clothes, so why don’t you take this off—”
“Then there’s his ideology, or lack thereof, if you will,” Edwin says.
Aldridge’s threatening words to John come back to Sherlock’s mind.
“Because of the…” John says. “The kiss. It was...”
His sudden question disturbs the silence they’ve been sharing since dinner.
“I hid it. Shhhhhh.” John shushes Sherlock loudly, finger to his lips.  “Don’t tell Sherlock.”
For a long minute, John gets lost his head in an argument about just how
He’s been so busy being happy that Sherlock is back, it never even occurred to him that - he swallows at the thought -
“I’m afraid so,” Edwin says. “Thank you again for your help.” He pulls out a business card and hands it to David. “If you need anything, let me know. Goodbye, Corporal.”
John steps out of the building, jogging to catch up with Sherlock.
“No, thanks,” he says impatiently, waiting for the car to stop. “Thank you. Good night.”
“Why do you think that is?”
” he says, freeing himself from John's grasp. “If I were trying to destroy you, would there be anything left by now?”
“Where have you been?” she asks, now fully awake.
“Yeah?”
“You can say that.” John chuckles bitterly. “The official report is that she killed herself. The truth is.. I don’t really know what happened, to this day.”
They leave for Gabriel Walker’s clinic very early in the morning in two separate cars; John and Sherlock in a rental, Lestrade in his detective car. The ride is long but uneventful, except for a stop for food John insists on. Sherlock hadn’t eaten properly in days and John nearly force-feeds him until he’s satisfied Sherlock consumed enough calories to not faint by the end of the day.
“Small.”
So far so good, John thinks.
“Whether you... have someone.”
“Because I heard about the arrest.” Alexander frowns and looks between John and Lestrade as if trying to see if he’s being the weird one.
“Of course you’re...” John says jokingly but protests when Sherlock moves to join him. “No, Sherlock, please. Go back to sleep.”
Sherlock’s Adam’s Apple bobs as he swallows, nodding his head in response. He stares back at the man who now stands at eye level.
There’s a reason for all this agony. He knows exactly where to place the blame, and he’s determined to take his revenge.
“Sherlock, listen—”
“Gabriel just rang Alexander back. He told him he’s held up and won’t be able to come so he’s sending an associate instead.”
He waves back with a smile and shakes his gently, amiably.
John’s lips turn into a straight line. He knows he’s about to be incredibly misunderstood by everyone involved.
He moves closer, their bodies nearly touching. It’s not an intimate position; this is John, angry, needing to make his point clear.
be arrested if I find that you did. Is that clear?”
, the time has come for some refurbishing.
Sherlock steals a scandalized glance, and John can’t help but cheekily smile at him; he’d managed to somehow rattle him with his morbid cynicism.
“I thought that might happen,” Sherlock sighs. “Didn’t give him enough pattern to work with. Those two video clips were short.”
“Has it been worse recently?” Lestrade asks and James nods, closing his eyes. “But the divorce caught you by surprise.”
“What sort of incident?”
“No need to thank me, Mr. Sholto. James.” Sherlock says, hiding behind his usual cool exterior.
“What are you afraid of, seeing these changes in him?”
“And how do you like the current flat?”
Sherlock is silent for a moment, then smiles. John knows this smile. In his head, Sherlock is thinking ‘clever John’ when he smiles like that.
"Yes." Saul nods, popping another piece of fish into his mouth.
Understand what, exactly?"
“Thank you. No, gosh. I’m sorry. I was so happy to see you, you know. Just wanted to say hi and look at what I did.” She says and rocks her body lightly, partly for the baby’s sake and partly due to her discomfort.
“He knows Sherlock is onto him, and that he’s been shamed out of the service,” Mycroft says. “But I don’t think we’ve reached a dead end yet.”
“After everything I just told you?” David says. “The stuff I told you could send me to prison for an entire lifetime!”
“He OD’d.” She says, her face sobering.
Picking up dinner and then stepping into an isolated cabin up in High Wycombe… well.
The room is large and poorly lit, dominated by a heavy desk, fit for accommodating up to six guests. The walls are bare, the only hint of warmth coming from the faded, red-tinted bricks.
“What?” John scoffs in disbelief. “Why would he do that?”
Lottie shakes her head. “Just that I was a bit overwhelmed with arrangements following my uncle’s death, and that I’ll be happy to talk once I’ve put everything in order,” she says, taking a small pause. “There’s something else.”
“Yes,” Sherlock grumbles, lost in thought for a long minute. “What’s the other thing?”
“Squ-irrel.” Sherlock pronounces slowly for the little girl’s benefit.
“He never judged me, you know.” She leans against the counter, crossing her arms again. There’s a determined glimmer in her eyes, one he used to love, before. “In fact, I think he knew exactly what I was the day we met and never really cared. He never cared, because he couldn’t judge me. He’s no better.”
So yesterday John left, unwilling, but upon his return a few short hours later Sherlock couldn’t help but notice the change in the man’s posture: the shoulders slightly less slumped, the worried crease between his brows noticeably flatter.
"Let's just..." John takes a big, bracing breath, blinking at the gray sky. “Let's just go home, yeah?” he suggests. “Let’s go home and… figure this out.”
“Sounds standard so far.” John nods.
“Already?”
“Rarely.” He lets the venom of his response land on the table, for all to hear. “How does Aldridge fit into all of this?”
Sherlock clears his throat. “I should think they’re worth far more than that.”
He always does.
“Oh.” Realization slowly sets in, and John frowns. “Didn’t she… didn’t she say that her uncle was a hoarder?”
When Lestrade finds him there, John is shocked, unresponsive. He looks at him with an appalling mix of shock, disgust, and pity. The DI is talking to him, but he can’t hear. His mind goes blank, and he’s transported to Ella’s office, to words she told him once.
“I think Will thought the two of you were…” She says, cautious.
Christopher Lyons is an intelligent if somewhat dour-looking client who’s been to Baker Street once before.
, he thinks.
another cop who took part in the original inquiry is quoted, having asked to remain anonymous.
"Come with me, Peter." David’s words float through the air, sucking all the oxygen from John's lungs.
John needs a few moments to collect himself.
Mycroft clears his throat uncomfortably at the sight, then turns to look at Sherlock. “That was even less helpful than I imagined.”
His throat catches when he suddenly realizes what it was that Mrs. Holmes saw this morning in the kitchen.
Rosie blinks at her father, unimpressed.
They watch each other for a moment, their eyes betraying the real emotion underneath the anger. It’s Sherlock who finds his voice first. “If you’d listened to what I had to say instead of being so defensive, you might have known to take the entire thing with a grain of salt. She could be spinning yarn, for all we know.”
“No, she mostly spoke about your father and her.” John continues. “About raising the three of you.”
Phew! We're about a third into Part 1. This party is only getting started! I hope you're enjoying the case fic so far.
"Not as sorry as I am." John mutters.
“My first night as a widow.” She says, her voice cracking. “Who’d thought I’d see the day.”
“Go on now,” she urges, shaking the photos. “Look at them.”
“Oh. That’s—” He says, blinking hard against a hint of moisture there, slowly scratching his beard. Sherlock is close, so close it’s intoxicating. John looks up, searching for the other man’s eyes.
He can’t help himself.
"Goodbye, Dr. Watson," he says, donning a grey wool cap, disappearing among the afternoon crowds.
“She seemed to have fully gained his trust. She seemed to have planted herself very firmly in his life,” Sherlock says. “He's not a trusting man. I assumed that if she can do that easily, she must be special to John.”
“The beard... It tickles,” Sherlock barely whispers.
“No, I want to know why you said that.”
“Nothing in particular.”
the reporter says.
“MICE: Money, ideology, compromise, ego,” Mycroft clarifies. “Asset recruiting 101; find a person’s weak point and get them to do just about anything.”
For a moment, John tries to speak but he can’t seem to make any sound. He hopes Sherlock doesn’t notice the emotional journey his face is most likely going through; the shock at the thought of a village boy kissing a fifteen-year-old Sherlock. The surprise at Sherlock’s admission. The warmth at the thought that Sherlock’s father was so, so kind to him.
“John,” Sherlock says ominously, teeth catching on his top lip. He moves a cup of tea in the general direction of where he’d like John to sit, like a peace offering. “Sit down.”
Sherlock stayed silent.
“Oh, we can’t have a cat, love.” John puts on his most apologetic frown. “Daddy’s allergic.”
He’s had enough.
“What did I lose exactly, when she died? Hmm?” John asks with his palms digging into his eyes. “A lying, runaway wife? A stranger I was minutes away from leaving anyway before she left to die?”
“Oh?”
He imagines Sherlock is horrified. No need to imagine. Sherlock had escaped immediately. David had looked at John with raised eyebrows, as if expecting an explosion (
“The fact that you still rely on polygraph tests is appalling, Mycroft.” Sherlock tells his brother as they watch David taking the test through one-way glass just outside Mycroft’s office.
“What else has he been doing since waking up?”
“Then what, exactly, is going on here?” she asks.
John is silent for a moment, intrigued by the text written in Sherlock’s hand. He snorts when he’s done reading it.
Later at dinner, his stomach turns a little. Something in those photos caught his eyes and he just caught on to it.
“You were still a practicing Catholic on your last R&R,” Sherlock says, remembering a photograph of David with a priest, from a local newspaper stuffed somewhere among his various ‘David’ dossiers.
“Which he’ll get once he’s back on British soil. Although you are in a unique position to help him, wouldn’t you say? Another wounded soldier to heal. Right up your alley. Maybe this time you might actually succeed.”
John’s head collapses into his hands. He’s so frustrated, so quickly, his head spins.
“I’m happy you’re here. Does this mean you’ll be visiting us more often?” John ventures.
Sherlock looks
John clears his throat. “You were… tortured?”
Sherlock looks away wordlessly and clears his throat.
“Are you watching the video stream from the Stewarts’ home?” Mycroft asks as Sherlock is climbing the stairs to the bolthole two days later.
James nods.
John sleeps in. He wakes up around 9am, well-rested and comfortable. When he opens his eyes he looks around and finds himself alone; no Sherlock, no Rosie. A small note next to his phone tells him that Sherlock took Rosie for a walk.
“I see.” David gasps for air, still stunned. “Well, we’ll be keeping
John picks up his phone and stares at it.
“You’re a widower. My condolences.” David nods in sympathy. “Your wife, Mary. Did you have mutual friends as a couple?”
Lestrade briefs them as the three of them walk towards a remote room at the back of the building. John has to work hard to keep up with the two detectives.
“Do sit down, Dr. Watson,” Mycroft says as he sits in his own chair.
“Do you think so?” Sherlock asks.
He looks at his phone. He’d texted Sherlock twice more last night and received no answer. It's been like this for years; he's not sure why he's still surprised. Sometimes Sherlock is busy, sometimes he’s thinking, sometimes he simply doesn't feel like talking. John had to work very hard to not dive headlong into hysterics every time it happens. If anything was really wrong Mycroft would let him know.
“Oh no, don’t you dare give me that speech again. This was all a game for you. It was a game for her. But who has to suffer in the end? I do. Every
They wait for Sherlock to wake up, and John does his absolute best to ignore their late-night discussion. The situation is difficult for them both, and they end up fighting and sniping constantly.
They catch up shortly. John does his best to listen to Lestrade’s moans about his superiors, but that part doesn’t last long. Sherlock likes to demean the detective, but he’s a detective nonetheless; John’s anxiousness must show, because the stories end when Lestrade gets a good look at John's pale face.
“I never thought about it that way.” John admits. “No, you're right. But was it just me…?”
“What?”
David’s face twists in distaste. “I needed some time alone.”
John still thinks the man is a piece of work, based on everything he’d heard at the pub on the night of Jonathan Palmer’s memorial. But trailing him today, seeing him so lost, so disengaged with the world, reminds John—far too realistically—of the purgatory between returning from Afghanistan and meeting Sherlock.
“How long have you known James?” Lestrade asks.
“I can’t…” John sighs. “My dad was involved in this…
“Priya?” Sherlock asks, blinking in surprise.
John is a guest and he's there to understand what Sherlock's going through. Soon, he'll learn some very critical things.
Rosie Watson is angry at the world and everything in it, and her wails are her way of expressing it. Sherlock Holmes and Mrs. Hudson understand, but they’re at the end of their respective ropes.
“No, of course not.” Mycroft clears his throat. “Well, even if you don’t know the reason, it’s imperative that we understand why,” he says, aiming his words at the intel officers. “The reason would be an important lesson for us. We know it’s not for bargaining—unlike the Israelis, the British government doesn’t bargain with terrorists. They must have felt there was another reason, nonetheless.”
David shrugs.
William Scott Holmes dies on his birthday.
“That’s fantastic, Sherlock,” John laughs. “You're a bloody menace. But that does make me happy. So so happy.”
Khoury swallows loudly again.
“Hm?” Mary asks, feigning carelessness. “Oh, that? Just John being ridiculous. You know how doctors can be.”
Rosie puts up quite a fight against bedtime; she hasn't seen Sherlock in months and she’s just as keyed up about having him in their flat, let alone seeing him.
“He’s a terrible drunk,” John shrugs fondly, staggering to his feet to go and sit next to the grumpy detective. Sherlock sits at the head of the large table, watching the scene with a slightly disgusted glare.
"Shit—
“Were you really with him when you were taken?” she asks, trying a different angle.
“I need everything you have on him.”
“He’ll be there.”
“But-”
She pockets the electronic card and memorizes the number, then turns the shredder on and shoves the paper between the machine's eager blades.
John’s smile widens with longing when Sherlock says something and Mrs. Parashar laughs, her head falling back with mirth as she caresses Sherlock’s shoulder. The man himself looks at her with delighted disbelief, unable to hide his smile.
“Jesus.” John moves his hand away in frustration, the spell broken. He swallows. “We’ll see,” he says finally.
Sherlock, in his vanity, never even asked what John had gone through in Afghanistan. John, in his John-ness, never disclosed anything. The brave war hero faded into the wall for the benefit of his bungling self. He’d just let Sherlock grab all the attention, all the praise, while keeping his secrets to himself.
But Sofie Novák belonged to an enclosed religious order. She would have taken religious vows, preventing her from marrying. Was she considering leaving the order to marry? That’s not unheard of; he’ll require a short refresher in Catholicism, but not all vows are perpetual. But then, how does Ernie Sutton and John’s father fit into all of this?
“Tea?” She asks.
It’s a printout of a scanned, yellowing document featuring Essex City Police’s old-school letterhead. The document confirms that Hamish Alistair Watson was in fact dismissed from the force during his apprenticeship in late 1969 for reasons described merely as ‘discreditable conduct’ and ‘honesty and integrity’.
“Alright,” Sherlock says. “Tell me if he leaves the house at any point.”
“Don’t call me that.”
"A stroke." John says, skimming through the scanned documents. Sherlock's father was found unconscious in his home two days earlier due to intracerebral hemorrhage. Not uncommon for a man his age with a history of hypertension and smoking. He's being treated, currently stable but unconscious.
“Ummm.”
“Sherlock,” he says. He looks up, searching for the man's eyes. “Go. Do what you need to do. Find whatever it is that you need to find.”
“Sherlock asked for a few minutes alone.” Mycroft clarifies in a neutral, reserved tone.
John wakes the next morning from a short, fitful sleep. He takes his tea and calls the surgery, letting them know he won’t be available for the rest of the week. He just can’t, his mind is too preoccupied.
He thinks, mirroring John’s words.
When John hangs up, he’s wearing the stupidest smile on his face. He should be angry and jealous about this Michael guy but he’s... not really. John just low-key came out to Sherlock. Sherlock finally let him in on something personal that’s been happening to him. The world didn’t end. They hung up smiling and promised to talk soon.
David flips back in his notebook.
“I did not,” Sherlock’s voice is quiet and reserved. “I was asked to be here, but I can’t say I condone what Mycroft is about to propose. He insists on it, though.”
“Maybe… talk to David?” John starts, suddenly unsure what he wants now that he has the option. “Ask for his opinion.”
His mouth twitches into a small smile as he hands the boy a wad of notes in return for his help, thanking him as he leaves.
“Well, she made a terrible job of it, didn’t she?” Sherlock asks. “Do you trust her?”
“I’d like to stay here tonight if that’s OK.” John suggests. “Rosie’s fast asleep.”
“I was so sick thinking I'll have to go home to Rosie knowing she’ll ask for you as soon as I come in. ” John says and points a threatening finger at Sherlock. “She’d been asking for you every night this week, Sherlock. And had anything happened to you I would have had to look at her and somehow explain that you’re not coming back. And that’s
Ah. Clearly he’d got it wrong, then, although he would never admit as much to John. Sherlock let go of John’s shirt. He cleared his throat. “Ah...never mind,” he said, straightening his dressing gown as he moved toward the bathroom door. Now that his first theory had been disproved, Sherlock was back to having zero idea what was going on. It was an unfamiliar feeling, and not one he enjoyed.
John groaned and hung his head. Where was a sinkhole when you needed one?
“And, well...” He licked his lips, a nervous habit of his that I know of old. “Ella told me that once I stopped drinking, things would come up, that I’d been self-medicating to numb myself and that sooner or later those feelings would surface, and that I would probably find them overwhelming. And that, when that happened, I should—”
Sherlock’s text alert sounded again, but this time it wasn’t the standard chime. A woman’s moan echoed through the room.
THE PIN IS INCORRECT. TRY AGAIN.
“—the cellar!” John finished excitedly, grabbing Sherlock’s forearm. “It’s not run down at all!”
Sherlock, not certain what to make of this, simply hugged him back, an awkward undertaking with Rosie sandwiched between them.
“Mmm,” said the man. He shoved himself even closer to Sherlock, pressing the two of them together. Sherlock could feel every part of him, including—was that—? “Yeah, last night, when you were...occupied...in your room. So occupied that you didn’t hear me come down for a glass of water, apparently. But I heard you. Oh, yes, I heard.” Yes, that was definitely an—
Concern flickered through the detective’s eyes as he took in John’s vacant gaze and ashen features. “Are you all right, John?”
Over the next couple of weeks, Sherlock made an effort to give John the space he needed to see to his...release, reasoning that if John had given up dating to focus on the Work, then the least Sherlock could do was allow John to indulge undisturbed. So he tried to stay out of John’s way, but sometimes it seemed as though John was going out of his way to make it hard for him. So to speak.
or... whatever. What was going on here?
"Oh, tip-top," John rasped. "Ready to take on the world."
“Yes, well, no such luck, apparently,” said Sherlock, reaching for the doorknob. He turned back. “You have nothing to worry about, you know,” he added gently. “I’m not interested in her. Not in that way. She intrigues me, intellectually, but there’s never been anything more between us.”
“Do what alone, John?” I asked, not following. I could probably have deduced his meaning, but I refrained. I remembered what Ella had told me in one of our early sessions, shortly after Sherrinford.
that?
“That’s no excuse, and you know it, Sherlock! There’s a pattern here. Surely you can see it, that's what you do. You came back from being dead and I hit you. Not just once, but three times. After my wedding, I found you in that crack den and I hit you again. And then in Culverton's morgue, I beat you nearly to death. Molly had just told me you had weeks left to live at that rate, and even knowing that, I beat you so badly I put you in hospital. If they hadn’t pulled me off you, I would have killed you. I
It was the date with Cath that was the last straw, the final link in a chain of calamities that culminated in John’s decision to swear off dating for good.
John moved around to the driver’s side of the vehicle, where a cluster of people had gathered. Someone had opened the driver's door, and John could see the man was slumped in his seat.
Greg nodded to one of the constables, who stepped aside and allowed Sherlock and John back into the building, Greg on their tails. They made their way to the cellar stairs, descending with care into the dim space. Sherlock pulled the cord for the light and the single bare bulb on the ceiling flared to life. He stepped out into the centre of the space, turning slowly about. The farthest corners of the cellar remained in deep shadow. Sherlock pulled a torch from his pocket and began playing it slowly over the walls and floors, checking every inch.
was all he had time to think before sleep snuffed his thoughts out like a candle.
“Christ, Mycroft,” John bit out, pinching the bridge of his nose. “He loved her. We both did. Of course it will be bloody difficult!”
I confess the advice went against the grain. I am, after all, British, male, and Sherlock Holmes. That makes me the walking antithesis of
“No, really, Sherlock,” Greg called after him, and Sherlock turned back with a growl. “You always know who’s behind things, even when you don’t want to say, for whatever reason.” He looked pointedly at John, knowing they were all recalling the night John had saved Sherlock by shooting the cabbie. Mycroft developed a sudden, intense interest in the room’s acoustic tile ceiling. “I know you know. So tell me!”
“And they always end the same way,” he whispered.
Sherlock bent down to retrieve his glassware, grateful for the sake of his toe that the flask had been empty. He could feel his cheeks flaming and hoped his flatmate would attribute it to his stooped position. “Uh, fine. Just a bit...clumsy this morning, apparently.”
“I can’t just turn it on like a tap,” Sherlock protested. He looked around, startling a bit as he clocked the entire squad standing about, staring expectantly as though he was about to produce Shankley from the depths of his Belstaff. “What are you lot staring at? I can’t just pull clues out of my ar—”
Louise’s head swivelled slowly in his direction. She stared for a moment in goggle-eyed disbelief, then abruptly spun around and sprinted back down the hallway, slamming the loo door behind her. This was followed in short order by the unmistakeable sound of cinema popcorn being lost with some violence into the toilet. John groaned and covered his eyes. The hoped-for ending to his night had just gone straight down the shitter—literally.
“—release?”
, he thought but didn’t say.
“Yes!”
into his mouth, low and breathless.
“Ta for that,” said John, looking around the room. He whistled. “Cath wasn’t kidding when she said this place was nice.”
The video.
Sorry for the delay on this one, folks. I hit a bit of a hump with where I wanted the story to go from here, but I think I've got over it now. Phew!
“Oh, God,” he huffed, and put a hand down to his crotch, squeezing the base of his cock. He shut his eyes and made a desperate run through his collection of emergency climax circuit breakers (this time, it was the memory of the Fournier’s gangrene patient from his first year of med school that did the trick). “Give me a second,” John panted, grinning and shaking his head. “Going to come in my pants if we keep this up.”
“Doesn’t compute, does it?”
“Sherlock—”
John was startled into a laugh, then, one full of such pure love and elation that Sherlock immediately enshrined the sound in the warmest, sunniest room of his mind palace—the room that held all his best memories of John. “You cheeky bugger!”
“Aye,” Shankley pursed his lips. “I’m partial to pipsqueak, myself. Or perhaps Ickle Bickle.”
“Here, John,” came Sherlock’s voice, and John went weak again, this time with relief. “I’m here.” The detective turned away for a moment, stepping to the edge of the roof nearest the street to look down, waving an arm. “Lestrade! Up here!”
“Oh. Okay,” said Sherlock. “Good. That’s good, I suppose. Any chance you’d care to share—”
“Sounds great, yeah.”
“You, John Watson, are a bastard,” Sherlock spat.
“All right, Sherlock,” Lestrade said, stalking towards him. “One of my men is missing and we can’t find him. Lester is refusing to say word one without his solicitor present. Anything could be happening to my guy, and that is unacceptable.” He jabbed a finger at the ground. “Work out where he’s gone, and do it now.”
John rounded on him, miming his skull exploding. “The moment you finally drove me round the twist and my sanity went
detective” was met with a furious, “Yeah, well, consult
Below, he stood swaying and panting in the living room doorway as his mind reeled. He reached out to steady himself against the door jamb. The room was far too warm and his skin felt two sizes too small. What was happening to him? Was this a panic attack? He closed his eyes and breathed deeply, trying to calm himself. This was ridiculous. Why was he so worked up about John masturbating? It was something everyone did, for God’s sake. A biological imperative. Perfectly normal. If John wanted to wank in the privacy of his own room, that was his prerogative, wasn’t it? Yes, it was. And if he elected to watch pornography while stroking his generously proportioned member, there was nothing wrong with that, was there? No, there was not. And if said stroking resulted in jet after jet of come spurting out of said member—
, he added silently.
John groaned again. God, his head hurt. His sides hurt.
Mycroft levelled a furious glare in his brother’s direction as he moved to stand beside Greg, who rounded on Sherlock. “Thank you for outing me to my entire team, you colossal twat!” he growled.
does that, Sherlock. Patterns don't lie. I’m an abuser. And you deserve so much better than that. You deserve better than me.”
“Yeah, love?”
want?” he growled, and proceeded to demonstrate that he was capable of some tongue-fucking of his own. John moaned into his mouth, wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s back, and began rutting against him in turn.
“About bloody time,” John growled.
“Oh, living room, definitely.”
“Watching you laugh,” Greg murmured, bringing a hand to Mycroft’s nape. Mycroft’s mouth met his eagerly, lips and tongues moving against each other until both were breathless and gasping. Greg have an appreciative hum. “Delightful.”
which he had done, restoring it to its place of honour on the table beside his chair. After further haranguing, he then swept up and disposed of the broken dish and ruined biscuits. At last that was enough to placate Mrs. Hudson, who retreated back downstairs muttering dark threats of raising his rent as compensation for everything he put her through.
) dick!
At length, though, they decided they did have to move, not least because of the congealing mess between them. John put up a hand, tucking an errant curl behind Sherlock’s ear. “I think we should get up off this floor,” John said, “get ourselves cleaned up, and have another go at this shagging business. Maybe slow down a bit, take our time? Because I have to admit, I usually last longer than I did just now. This first go was a bit fast.”
“Thank you,” said John, hoping that Sherlock could read his thoughts.
“I heard the crash when she dropped the tray,” Sherlock continued in that oddly detached tone, “and then complete silence, and I knew something was wrong. I came down and found her lying there,” he said, indicating the foyer floor with a thrust of his chin. “Unconscious, but breathing. I called 999 and they came and worked on her. She...she never regained consciousness.” He gazed up at John again in confusion. “What do we do now, John?” he asked, and John’s heart broke for him.
“Whippersnapper.”
Gasping and panting, he pressed his forehead against the cold tile and waited for his legs to stop shaking. Whether appropriate or not, there was no denying that these fantasies of John were making him come harder than anything else ever had—not even the calendar full of photos of scantily clad soldiers he’d secretly wanked to in his teens. When he felt steady enough, he rinsed himself (and the shower tile) down before shutting off the water and climbing out.
Sherlock smiled back despite himself. “Ages. But it’s necessary, I’m afraid.”
“Umm...not at the moment. What’s going on?”
“What is
"Mmm, yeah...me, too. Jesus."
“Why the hell is
The remark brought Shankley up short. “Hobbits, is it?” he asked. He turned to John, eyes twinkling with amusement. “Do I look like a Hobbit t'you?”
Sherlock stalked toward the board, head tilting as his eyes darted over the images, taking in every detail. Greg stood back to give him room, and John came to stand beside him, nodding in greeting. He folded his arms and settled in to watch Sherlock work his magic. No matter how many times he’d seen him do it, John never tired of the experience.
into my hands.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Oh, there you are, John,” said a sleepy baritone. “Finally. This village is so dull I actually fell asleep.”
, talking.”
“And did you happen to notice this marking on the sole of the victim’s foot?”
John raised his face to Sherlock’s. “I...” God, where to start? He took a deep breath and felt it all come whooshing back out in a great sigh. He smiled. “You’re going to think I’m crazy,” he murmured.
“No,” John said, putting a hand up to the detective’s shoulder. One thumb began stroking the soft skin just above the taller man's shirt collar, making Sherlock shiver despite himself. “No, please don’t shut down. Don’t shut me out. It’s okay. It’s okay, because I love you, too, don’t you see?” He smiled up into Sherlock’s face. “
Except no one was. John stopped short at the sight that greeted him: Sherlock Holmes, in all his naked glory (
“That’s what I thought, too, but what if it wasn’t static? What if it was something else?”
“Pass me. My phone,” John said, finally fixing him with a glacial stare. “You know I hate repeating myself.”
or the
“To elicit desire on my part. Desire for you.”
“Who’s Fournier?” Sherlock asked as the cab drove off.
“No, it doesn’t. But there’s something else. There was...you heard it, John.” Sherlock turned towards him. He raised a hand, index finger extended. “Just before Shankley’s earpiece failed, there was a sound—”
The trip was uneventful and they arrived at the B&B just before dinner time. Cath’s friend Jen emerged from the front door of the inn, greeting them with a hug as Cath made introductions. “Welcome,” said Jen, helping them with their bags as she led them inside. “I’ve given you our best room. Private bath with hot tub, big-screen telly, plus there’s a complimentary bottle of bubbly.” She opened the door and ushered them in.
John swore, voice strained. He was breathing hard.
He saw to his most pressing needs, then lifted his dressing gown down off the door hook and wrapped himself up in it. He took a deep breath, turned the doorknob, and exited the bathroom, listening carefully for any sign of John. There was nothing. A buzzing sound from the kitchen alerted him to the presence of his mobile, sitting on the table atop a folded note.
Sherlock’s expression shuttered.
“There is no one better than you, John,” I murmur. “And there is no one else for me.”
That evening, the Lester investigation began in earnest. Sherlock stayed in character as himself to avoid arousing suspicion, but he checked in with his homeless network more frequently than usual for intel on Lester. As planned, Shankley went undercover as a newly arrived youth, in the hope that he would be approached by one of Lester’s minions. His accent helped sell the ruse.
“Yah, mon,” I answered, and then we giggled like idiots.
But there is one thing that still lies between us, that is weighing heavily on John’s mind, and though I know what it is, I sense he is not yet ready to address it. He looks haunted when he thinks I’m not looking, and I can’t help thinking of Molly's words to me, years ago, before the fall.
Some part of him—the part that sounded an awful lot like his brother, Mycroft—asked why he even cared. Life was so much simpler without sentiment.
Mycroft had once asked him. But now John didn’t need to deduce. He had seen what was in Sherlock’s heart, had seen it with his own eyes, and he knew there was nothing there to fear.
“Well, that is very lucky,” said John as he nibbled on an earlobe. “Because I can be very speedy when necessary.”
“And as soon as it was all done,” John continued, his voice muffled against the detective’s shoulder, “after the police and the ambulance left, I realized what could have happened, that I would never have seen you or Rosie again, and I needed to be home
Mrs. Hudson—” John mumbled against Sherlock’s mouth as he pushed the Belstaff off the taller man’s shoulders.
“Ta,” said John. He looked knackered. The pallor had receded, leaving the feverish flush to take its place.
John whistled. “Let’s go, then!”
Sherlock looked like precisely what he was: a man torn between screaming and throttling his flatmate where he stood. “And that would be...?” he prompted through clenched teeth.
you into the
“—and face—”
“Baker Street. Had a delivery to make, next street over. Won’t get there now, will it?” He grunted as John prodded a sensitive spot.
Sherlock came instantly. John could feel Sherlock's cock spasming as he came, followed by the wet heat of his release against his own crotch. The detective threw his head back, mouth open in a soundless cry as his orgasm rocketed through him, his only sound a tiny moan as his climax subsided. Seeing Sherlock Holmes coming to orgasm was the most erotic thing John had ever experienced, but it was the moan that undid him. John braced himself against the brickwork with an arm to either side of Sherlock, chest heaving as he spurted again and again into his pants.
. Was that?” he growled, pulling away. He stood, tucking himself away and fastening his trousers. Clearly the proceedings were at an end.
“Ugh!” he growled. Whatever the solution might be, he wasn’t going to find it sitting starkers on the loo lid. He shook his head and stood up, shoving the shower curtain out of his way. The only thing for it was to scrub his frustrations away.
Sherlock glowered at him. “So, you planned that little episode,” he said through gritted teeth.
Mycroft scoffed, shaking his head. “It was nothing of the sort, I assure you. Some time ago, I deduced that the chef was grappling with a personal issue in an area in which I have considerable expertise. I was able to assist. He was grateful.”
But John’s hand on his wrist was warm and strong, and it stopped him in his tracks. John’s gaze was pleading. “Sherlock,” he murmured. “Sit down and listen to me. Please.”
“Oh.” Sherlock gave him a bashful look. “Well...yes, as a matter of fact.”
Sherlock had his phone out now and was tapping away. “Oh, yes. In terms of my expectations of you, the bar was on the ground, Anderson. And you brought a shovel. Remarkable.”
“Don’t be ridiculous, John. We can share—”
“I’m...” Sherlock looked back towards the living room, where John had given up scowling and stalking about in favour of unhooking his jumper from one of the bison skull’s horns. “...in the middle of something. Something far more interesting and important than your stupid case,” he spat. “Work it out yourselves for once!”
“Shit—Sherlock, no!” John was saying, and it was only then that Sherlock realized that without conscious volition, he had leapt out of his chair with the firm intention of fleeing—the room, the flat, John, London itself—if only it meant escaping the misery he could feel spreading outward from his chest.
“Dr. Watson...I'm sure I don’t need to tell you that this may be...difficult for Sherlock.”
But John wasn’t following the script. While he’d certainly seemed angry at the restaurant, ever since his return he’d been the opposite—detached, distracted, even cold. Not unlike Sherlock himself, actually, when he was in his mind palace, trying to work out a thorny problem. But John didn’t have a mind palace. A mind bedsit, possibly, or even a mind pub at the outside, but never a mind palace. Still, it was clear that his blogger was busy puzzling something out. But what? Sherlock groaned and fisted his hands in his hair. Damn the man!
Baffled, Sherlock went to use the loo and then to his room to change out of his dusty clothes and fetch his laptop. Now clad in pajamas and a dressing gown, he returned to the living room. John was still in his chair, although he must have got up at some point in the interim to make tea. No fewer than three steaming cups sat on the side table at John’s elbow.
“I don’t—bloody care—about the bloody cabbie,” Sherlock gasped out between kisses. “Get your clothes off,
“Well, I’m for the shower. Put the kettle on?”
Sherlock’s lips had disappeared again as he turned his head to look out the window, attempting to be inconspicuous as he reached down and repositioned himself to ease some of the pressure. Again, John found that he couldn’t look away.
“What do I want?” John licked his lips and ran a lingering, appreciative gaze down Sherlock’s form, from his crown of inky curls down the creamy column of his neck right to the tips of those endless legs. He gave a languid smile, not bothering to hide the desire he felt. “Hmm...maybe I should just show you...yeah?”
The first few seconds were devoted to credits. Apparently this video, whatever it was, was no amateur production. The two actors were apparently named Kent and Chandler. The title card popped up: Drenching Kent in Cum.
Twenty-three minutes later, shaved, dressed and coiffed, Sherlock emerged from his bedroom in search of caffeine. Mrs. Hudson, bless her, had been up while he was in his room, as evidenced by the tray that had materialized on the kitchen worktop. It held a fresh pot of tea, complete with striped cosy, along with a cup, saucer, and small plate of scones. Sherlock silently blessed his landlady, stuffed a whole scone into his mouth, and began scrounging around for the milk and sugar. Once his tea was doctored to his liking, he sat down at the kitchen table, phone in hand, and sipped his drink as he scrolled. He inhaled deeply, savouring the aroma of the tea and letting the steam from the cup curl around his face. The bergamot seemed particularly aromatic this morning, and the tea was a perfect complement to the buttery, sweet tanginess of Mrs. Hudson’s scones. In fact, Sherlock was feeling remarkably well and relaxed at the moment—no doubt the effect of two mindblowing orgasms within the space of a few hours. He wondered if John might have felt similarly when he woke up this morning, given the explosive climax Sherlock had witnessed—
John comes close and presses his mouth to Sherlock's scar. He noses into it, like he wants to memorize it with his face. When he pulls back, he looks embarrassed, but keeps his hands resting on Sherlock's hips.
“Get the fuck off me,” Sherlock murmured, bringing John back to reality.
"God, look at you," John says. He rubs his face all over Sherlock's neck, then fixates on a spot just above Sherlock's collar bone, suckling, and breathing, and moaning against it until Sherlock is certain it will purple. He can only hear their breath, and the roaring in his ears. John's cock in his hand feels unbreakable. He strokes it as fast as he can, trying to match John's pace, but then he can't focus on anything at all, because the world becomes a white, hot, horizonless kind of place, where there is no gravity or thermodynamics, but somehow there is consciousness, aware of its own ecstasy in the void.
“It's strange, you know,” he said once he was seated behind her, rubbing soothing circles on her lower back. “I've never seen you like this before.”
“Enticing,” Sherlock says without conviction.
“You’re up,” John remarks, because it has been weeks, at least, since Sherlock last set foot outdoors.
“Fuck, that's it, right there, John, oh fuck me, oh fuck I'm coming, John!” she chanted. Encouraged, he picked up the speed until the warmth growing in his groin told him it wouldn't last much longer.
“Six codine. Nothing. It still feels like my innards are being carved out with a trowel.”
He watches Sherlock until he is finished, and John can hear the door downstairs. For a moment, he considers fleeing to his bedroom, but it will only postpone the moment of confrontation. John will have to look Sherlock in the face without hiding the truth. There is nowhere left to hide.
Sherlock’s eyes are wide and watering, so John kisses him. They kiss long and hard, letting the feeling pour into each other, the overwhelming warmth of relief, of potential, of connection. They end up reclined, John on top of Sherlock, necking and rutting against each other to hardness once again. John shoves off his pajama bottoms, gets Sherlock’s robe open so they can be skin to skin again, so he can lick at Sherlock’s nipples and hump against his bare thigh, and bite at his long neck, and—
John came home to find Sherlock curled up in the fetal position on the bathroom floor.
Sherlock kisses him like maybe the world really will end. Maybe it's the price they pay for entering this universe.
“We have established you are an idiot, John.”
John has a moment of almost delirious happiness. He laughs into Sherlock’s mouth, and they spend another long stretch kissing, and kissing, and kissing.
“I mean, about that much with an adventurous girlfriend or two,” John says. “But I suppose, no, never with anything else.” He clears his throat.
“Bath might be easier,” Sherlock says as he nears the bottom of his cup. “Keep your hands out of the water.”
“What’re you thinking?” he asks, finding Sherlock’s face alarmingly blank.
“Like a board game maybe,” John says, and it’s almost a whisper, why is he whispering?
"John," Sherlock says.
Sherlock looks back at the ceiling and emits a brief, rumbling grunt.
“Good time to be incapacitated,” John says. “Nowhere to go.”
"Morally dubious, dangerous, irrational, tragic, and completely transforming. I can see why."
“Yes, I'm well aware,” Sherlock said.
It’s feverish and short-lived, because Sherlock does not kiss back. When John pulls away, speared immediately with regret, Sherlock stares at him, wide eyed and blinking. There is a long, terrible moment of silence where Sherlock processes and John hates himself. Then, Sherlock touches his own mouth, and looks at John, like he is only now realizing what has happened.
“Didn’t realize that was an objective.”
Sherlock smiles, and John will do anything to keep him smiling. He’s missed it, he realizes.
“Wait,” John manages, pulling out of the embrace. They are both breathing heavily; Sherlock’s eyes are dark and dazed. “My stupid fucking hands.”
Sherlock looks like he’s not convinced he’s experiencing actual reality. He stares at John, mouth hanging open, lips glossy and begging to be kissed again, which John does, sliding his tongue into Sherlock’s mouth, sliding his hands up Sherlock’s thighs, far above the knee. Sherlock clings to John’s neck, kissing hard like he never wants to stop, but there’s something John wants to do, something John must do before he loses his nerve. He pulls back, gasping, exchanges one powerful, smoldering glance with Sherlock, then sinks to take the length of Sherlock’s cock into his mouth.
They linger there together in front of the fire as the final snow of the storm falls across London.
When she’s gone, they burst into giggles.
They sit at the table and drink their tea in comfortable silence. John’s foot ends up stroking Sherlock’s ankle, sneaking up his pant leg to caress his calve. He’s addicted to the pink on Sherlock’s neck, like a mood ring for arousal. Gives him confidence more than anything else.
“Mm,” John grunts, kissing down Sherlock’s long, pale neck. He’s still wearing the jeans he put on this morning, erection near painful where it’s trapped, but he’s lost in the sensations of the moment, doesn’t know how to communicate that he doesn’t expect anything, because none of this is expected, probably shouldn’t be happening at all, but feels too good, too right to stop.
John laughs, low in his chest. His heartbeat lulls Sherlock to sleep, and weaves into the music of his dreams.
Sherlock grabs his neck and kisses him hard. He thrusts deep, again, and again, and then John is lost in him, in them, in the strained sounds of ecstasy coming from Sherlock with every breath, in his face, a completely unmasked expression of raw passion and adoration, in the rub of his cock between them, and the deep penetration of Sherlock within him, body, heart, soul. His orgasm comes on slowly, then rips through him like the detonation of a bomb. Just before he loses consciousness, he feels Sherlock, shaking and shouting, join him in the expanse of mind-erasing conclusion.
“I love you,” John says. “And besides, it’s like you said.”
“Right.” Sherlock sways, fidgets with the hem of his t-shirt. “Do you want tea?”
“Even if you could manage to distract my mind long enough for me to become aroused, which would be an impressive feat, you must believe me when I tell you, you do not want to be anywhere near my nether regions right now.”
“Yes,” John says, wiping his mouth. “Yes, I think I did mean.”
John snorts. “Might need to keep my touch focused elsewhere.”
John wrestles with the corkscrew in the kitchen, the alcohol dulling the pain but making his hands even less dexterous in their swollen, bound state. He doesn’t hear Sherlock approaching, and starts when Sherlock takes the bottle from him. Sherlock extracts the cork with grace and ease, then puts the bottle to his lips and takes several long swigs. Before John can comment, Sherlock sets the bottle down with a clink, takes a deep breath, and says,
“Oh,” Sherlock says, but he still looks lost, uncertain of himself, uncertain of John.
The light of the bathroom seems harsh after the murk of the living room. Sherlock catches sight of them in the mirror and is struck by how old both of them look. Part of it is they've barely slept for a week, part is the muddy fight they were in yesterday, and part of it just the way the rain flattens their hair, creating a general weariness. But when he looks at John, actually looks at him, he sees nothing but the most incredible glowing warmth. John smiles at him like sunshine, kisses him like summer.
“I—” John says, but can’t find the rest of the sentence. Instead, he gives in and kisses Sherlock. Gently, but with feeling, hoping to communicate what he cannot say. Sherlock makes a vulnerable sound, leans into the kiss, and for a long moment everything in the whole world is sweetly perfect, as nothing needs to be said at all.
“Nice of you,” John says.
John found her entrance again, positioning himself the best he could to fuck her hard.
"I'm trying to tell you, you're going to make me come fast if you keep that up," John says.
“Hardly a mortal wound?” Sherlock asks.
“No, I—” John feels all hot again, skin crawling with their proximity. “It’s fine. I mean, I came to tell you, it’s fine. I don’t mind if you cheat.”
A tall glass of water and a bottle of painkillers wait for him on the kitchen table. He takes four, fumbling slightly with the bottle. Sherlock’s done a good job with the bandages, but John still begins to take them off, wanting to survey the damage for himself. There are several solid blisters already raised and shiny, tender enough that it’s difficult to make a fist. John sighs at his own drunken ineptitude, but escapes the flicker of hungover loathing when he remembers Sherlock laughing, Sherlock kneeling at his feet, Sherlock falling asleep against him.
He crawled over her, settling his body along hers, nuzzling her neck slightly. Then he went in for a kiss, soft at first, then open mouthed and passionate, sucking her, tasting her, needing her. She responded a bit, but after not long enough, pulled back.
“So, what, you just ran around shagging people to hide it from your brother?”
"You're shaking," John says against Sherlock's lips. His fingers trace over Sherlock's neck. "You're so cold."
Before he can reflect any further, Sherlock comes up the stairs from outside, knocking snow from his boots in the doorway just as John had done the night before.
“I know you.” It’s out of John’s mouth before he can stop it. Sherlock stills, avoids looking at him, and a long moment of silence stretches out between them.
“You going to get on with it?” she said.
“No,” Sherlock says. “Come on.”
“I'm glad to be of service any time,” John said.
A little grunt let him know he was permitted to touch her.
Sherlock sighed. “Fine. But if I get bored, you have to stop.”
"Oh," Sherlock says. "Yes."
"Surely being shot, or discovering what you did about your wife, the shock must be comparable."
“We’ve got quite a bit more sex to have.”
Sherlock doesn’t respond, but as soon as the tea is steeping, he leaves and comes back with dressing supplies. He pulls up a chair beside John, but doesn’t meet his eyes.
"No, I'm gonna say realizing suddenly, and with a good deal of certainty, after years of living together, that I am in love with my male best friend, that beats getting shot. I recovered from being shot. I'll never get over this."
The first time feels like a dream, so much so that Sherlock will have moments even years later when he doubts its reality. It will take John's touch, a casual hand on Sherlock's hip or the gentle flicking away of an eyelash from Sherlock's cheek, to remind him: even if it is a dream, he has never woken up. He replays each moment perfectly, recalls every detail, and still it does not feel certain. Something about the light, the scent in the air, electric and dark. Like, somehow, in that first moment in the rain, the touch of their lips sends them skittering across timelines, rocketing into a new universe where anything is possible.
A deep, long sigh inflates and collapses Sherlock’s chest.
“You are ridiculous,” Sherlock says when he is through, still kneeling at John’s feet.
So, he doesn’t. He shoves at the fabric between them until their cocks are out between them—Sherlock’s noticeably longer and John’s a bit thicker—and John gets a hand around both of them until Sherlock catches up, and then they are stroking each other off, foreheads pressed together, sharing a hot exchange of breath.
“It's this fucking body!” Sherlock roared, slamming her fist onto the tile floor. Then she groaned, curling in on herself again. “I told the doctor I didn't need my uterus, but no, no, he thought it would be worth it in case someday I really did want a sniveling blob with my face laying about and shitting itself. He was wrong!”
“Oh, God, shove it in me, fucking harder John, oh John, that's fucking perfect, John, John,” she said. Every time she moaned his name was like an erotic lightening bolt down his spine.
"Do you think it will ever feel real? Or will it always be like this?" Sherlock asks John's ten chest hairs.
“I know, I know, no funny business. I just want to make you comfortable, and I think getting out of your trousers and under the blankets will help. I'll get you a hot water bottle too.”
“Why?” Sherlock replies.
“Right. Yes.” John sat back on his heels and grabbed her legs. He hitched them up so her calves were on his shoulders and lined up his cock with her entrance. She was right. There was already blood on the outer lips, a little smeared on her thigh.
“Jesus, Sherlock, you should take it easy on the drugs. That's not exactly a small dose.”
But then John untangles their hands and reaches for Sherlock's cock. Everything becomes light and sensation, each callus of John's hand shooting pulses of scalding energy across Sherlock's nerves, fueling the blooming flame within. Sherlock throws his head back, overcome with it.
“You have no idea,” John scoffs, but it’s a sad thing. He raises his own pint. “Cheers.”
Sherlock doesn’t answer. Instead, John sees him pulling a cigarette out of a packet of cigarettes as he steps through the door. His hurt is evident in the quick, agitated steps he takes as he follows the trail that leads up to the nearby grove.
Sherlock bites his lip, and looks to the floor. “Yes.”
Sherlock is caught off guard but nods nonetheless.
“He said it was for a case,” John whispers.
He only asks because he’s not entirely sure that they did. In a flash, he wonders whether their conversation two nights ago truly took place, or whether it was all a figment of his overly-fatigued brain. In many ways, he wishes that it hadn't; he would never have said those words if not for his miserable state at the time.
“I’ve been so jealous, Sherlock.” He admits weakly, shame rushing through his veins.
“You’re my best friend Sherlock, you’re the most important thing in the world to me. I hope you know that by now. You and Rosie, that’s all I have.”
David fixes his eyes on Sherlock's, keen and sharp as always. “The mobile.”
A walk-in. A foreigner, who took a long train ride here, from the looks of it. This could be good.
“Sherlock, there’s no finger-pointing at you in this, do you understand? Especially not when it’s coming from your mother, your brother, even your uncle. Their actions are what tore your family apart. Your mother went through the same experiences as your Dad did and she’s fine. Suffering traumas doesn’t necessarily lead to dementia. He could have gotten it anyway, do you hear me?”
“What, nothing at all?” John says jokingly. “That’s very unlike you.”
John smiles, nodding proudly at Sherlock’s encouraging words.
“Look, do you want my help or not?” he interrupts, frustrated.
Sholto these days, Jane. You ought to know that by now.” He says coldly. She stares back but says nothing, her patience diminishing quickly.
Sherlock climbs the stairs to 221B slowly. He usually skips them two at a time. His steps are heavy now.
David frowns. “What does that mean?”
“Bag,” Sherlock lends a helping hand, passing it to him. “And the er, child.”
“Asked me what?”
“You mean
“Where… where is home, by the way?” David asks.
“Not James. But there were others.”
Sherlock looks away, lost in thought, his brain already formulating plans and reanalysing every conversation he’d ever had with the soldier.
“A case?”
“Inexplicably upset!” John scoffs. “You drag me into this—”
“You really don't know?” John asks, frustrated. Sherlock’s continued silence confirms his suspicion. “You promised to not do anything stupid, Sherlock.”
“Quiet,” Sherlock says cuttingly, eyeing the driver. “Not here.”
“You weren’t there, Al.” David gives back as good as he gets. “You didn’t hear the things he said, the things he accused me of!”
John shakes his head, wishing the nagging thoughts away. “Right.”
He rushed out of the flat without another word, slamming the door behind him.
She laughs and John joins her.  “You never know with these things.” He says and she nods in agreement. Rosie had been a surprise too, after all.
“What were you doing in Hong Kong?”
“It’s a one-way ticket.”
”, as does (or so he’d like to think) Rosie.
Alison’s lips tighten, her pain barely contained.
“He suggested,” Sherlock says petulantly. He’s had enough of the third degree.
“Outside, to your right. Wait,” David says, “how do you know what tea I drink?”
“Napping.”
It brings with it a long, sleepless night.
John recognizes him from Sherlock’s files; Captain Evan Aldridge, the man who commanded the Farah compound on the night of the attack. Sherlock hadn’t exaggerated when he’d talked of a man still in need of recovery. The Captain looks, for the lack of a better description, like he’s been sleeping rough for a long while. He’s dirty and dour, relying on crutches as he walks.
“And?”
“Ready?” Sherlock asks, grabbing the remote control with a stretch of his arm.
“Answer the question,” John says tightly, throwing his weight into the mix.
An hour and forty-five minutes later he finally hears it. A creak of a door downstairs, hurried footsteps on the stairs. John stands from the chair and raises his gun.
“Sherlock…” John whispers. “Sherlock, listen..” He wants to explain (
“Yeah? That’s good to know.” John’s heart beats once more. “How’ve you been?”
“Something Jane said,” Mary says, “hers would only calm down in the car.”
. But you are… involved. Somehow. His lawyer and ex-husband were both interviewed earlier. They left him at The Bianca a few hours prior once they were finished with the papers. They say that’s the reason he came to London in the first place. You didn’t know that?”
“Look I’m sorry, alright? Sherlock?”
“Why?”
“I know, John.”
“Bloody hell,” David calls, his entire body spasming with sudden anger. “Yeah, I know him. He was my guard in Gaza.”
“I can’t tell you, exactly—-”
“All right.” He nods.
John fits in very well here—the place is full of veterans, respectful of David’s trauma and need for privacy. Sherlock had instructed John to blend in (
Determined to become a useful human being at last, he descends slowly into his Mind Palace which is where, unbidden, the memory of his last conversation with John hits him like a brick wall.
“So?”
“Y-yes.”
The Holy Grail was indeed a funny film, Sherlock would admit. It was surreal and absurd enough to not hurt Sherlock’s more cerebral sensibilities. He spent that entire evening keeping himself from laughing out loud - he did have a reputation to maintain, after all. John spent the entire evening sneaking glances his way, as if to reassure himself that Sherlock was engaged.
office; it’s Lady Smallwood’s office, not that she’s ever there,” Mrs. Norbury says with a huff. “Corporal Stewart's wife told me that a stranger approached her and gave her that number, saying that they have proof that Sherlock Holmes has had their house under surveillance for weeks.”
“You know.” John frowns. “That he didn’t say he has a girlfriend.”
“Over there, Mummy.”
“Y-yes. Just a couple of times, before the wedding. To iron a few things out before tying the knot.”
Mycroft and Edwin hum simultaneously.
James lifts his head and stares at Sherlock, shocked.
“If you must.”
Sherlock hums as he moves from cupboard to cupboard, opening and closing them.
“Say what, John?”
these days, really, John?”
“You’re a tall one,” she says with a smile, looking between Sherlock and John.
“Well, I find it very coincidental that she lived across the hall from my brother-in-law, and her body was found between the petrol station and the factory,” Dinah says. “Ernie knew that area well. There was a sort of a lovers’-lane there. He used to take his dates there.”
Tuesday comes and goes. John goes to work but stays close to Baker Street. He can feel a storm brewing and he needs to be there when it hits.
A beat of silence before they both break into laughter.
“Am I fool to want to finish the wine?” John asks.
“Please,” John says. He gets up to join Sherlock in the kitchen. The tension is palpable, especially given their mutual near-nudity, but John doesn’t know how to break it, is overwhelmed by his fear that he might break everything.
John finally goes to crouch at Sherlock’s side. He puts his hand on Sherlock’s shoulder, the kind of casually caring touch that’s become ordinary between them. Sherlock doesn’t turn his head, but his eyes shift slowly to peer at John from the corner of his gaze.
“Yeah,” John breathes. “Oh.” The tension in the air is suddenly and inexplicably hilarious. John breaks out into a fit of giggles, leaning on the table for support, gasping for air. “Yeah, I really do mean,” he says again between bouts of laughter.
The kettle boils and beeps behind them. John pulls back with a sigh. He can’t help but run his fingers across where his teeth have bruised Sherlock’s skin. Sherlock sucks air through his nose.
“Nowhere to go anyway,” Sherlock mutters.
“Starving,” Sherlock says, also somewhat astonished. John is overwhelmingly glad to see him willingly seek food. He wants to hug him tightly, wants to physically express his gratefulness for Sherlock’s existence, then realizes he can do just that. He plasters himself against Sherlock’s back, wrapping his arms tight around Sherlock’s waist and squeezing. When he finally releases him again, Sherlock gives him a questioning look.
“Only before they know me,” he says, matter-of-fact.
Sherlock's chest burns pink; his cheeks must be flush. John studies them as Sherlock passes him the soap. John lathers and begins to wash Sherlock. The casual comfort of it is startling, but John's hands carry a remarkable amount of reverence, and the look on his face is one of trance. He turns Sherlock, shampoos his hair. Sherlock can't help but touch himself as John's fingers massage his scalp, but as soon as John spots Sherlock's indulgence, he pauses, his face going blank with whatever the aroused equivalent of fury might be.
"Retire. You could write a book, or run a small private practice. I could solve cold cases, and yell at the television, and keep bees. No more war."
Sherlock proceeds to tenderly and lovingly wash every inch of John’s skin that he can reach. It renders John speechless, the near-worship of it, lulls him into a zen state of submission. It feels like Sherlock is reading his life with his fingertips, memorizing his body. John is in such a state of bliss he barely registers when Sherlock pushes him forward to scrub across his lower back, slips his hands beneath the water and slowly between John’s cheeks. Sherlock’s middle finger is a knuckle deep in John’s arsehole before John fully becomes aware of the intrusion.
“Nice to have something to rely on in this life,” John says. They keep smiling, even as Sherlock returns his attention to wrapping fresh bandage around John’s palms. As the dressing nears completion, awkwardness settles back in between them, flows out into the empty day before them, trapped in the house together.
Sherlock laughs.
"Here," John says, and takes Sherlock's hand in his. He pulls two of Sherlock's fingers up to John's neck, presses them against John's pulse. It throbs at a vicious staccato; the rate is alarming.
“Come here,” John says. He leans back on the sofa, grabbing a blanket from the floor. Sherlock hesitates, but John tempts him with another kiss, and soon they are tangled together under the blanket, Sherlock nuzzled into John’s neck, where he likes to be, John’s arms around him. They fall asleep easily, tucked into each other, where they belong.
“What else? Go on, ask.”
“It’s just, I’ve known you for nearly ten years, and I never would have guessed.”
John joins him, bracing himself on his knuckles as he lowers into the water. Sherlock’s thighs press against his hips, the damp, wiry hair sliding across John’s skin until he is fully seated with Sherlock’s groin flush with his lower back. The water nearly overflows the tub. Sherlock brings his hands to John’s back, massaging lightly, then running his palms across John’s shoulders and down his arms, until he is draped across John’s back, his mouth pressed on the top vertebrae of John’s spine.
“Oi,” John says, and smacks Sherlock’s bare bottom as he starts to walk away. Sherlock yelps, giggles at the sight of John’s grin. John lunges up and catches him in another passionate kiss. The blanket drops, leaving them both naked, covered in each other’s come, snogging in the kitchen. John gets lost in it, the smell, touch, and taste of him, the tiny sounds he makes when John sucks on his lip, squeezes his arse, pulls at his hair. Time falls away.
