“Holy shit!” Steve stood up fast, the chair falling on the floor behind him as he ran to the kitchen. “Shit! Shit!” Steve looked to the burned pasta. He had completely forgotten he’d left dinner cooking. “Ouch,” Steve threw the pan in the sink when he accidentally burned himself against the hot metal.
“Wow. I had no idea,” Steve shifts uncomfortably on his seat. “Are you okay with this?” He waves his hand.
A doctor comes in holding a clipboard that he puts on the table, he gets a syringe aspiring the liquid of a bottle, tapping on the syringe to get rid of bubbles. He walks toward Steve, he is close enough when Steve punches him on the face. Tony hears a crack and he's sure that Steve has broken the doctor's nose. The man fell backward, his head hits the tray and his body reaches the floor unconscious.
Steve got in the kitchen to find the lunch already set on the small table, Tony had insisted on cooking just to prove that he could prepare a meal by himself, the pan was still at the same place it fell while Tony was drying the floor, the smell of burn came from a kitchen towel half burn next to the pan.
The brunette knew how important this was for Steve, he could never deny this to his lover. Tony smiles wides and puts a hand on Steve’s shoulder while he rests his head against the blond’s chest. Steve smiles happy than ever.
"I'm a guy who likes to surprise," Tony said. Thomas Pierce only chuckled like the whole situation was just pleasant to him, while Tony was just an inconvenience. "Where is Steve? What are you doing to him?" He spits. He's fed up with this stupid game.
"So, tomorrow," Steve starts the conversation, Tony glances up. "Hank Pym is back at his company, and we can get the particles to get back."
Is he in trouble? Because he feels like he’s in trouble.  Is it because of Tony? He hopes not. He could not get fire now.
Something must be wrong. Maybe Steve had lost track of time, too and he was still training. He feels his heart pounds inside his chest with concern, it is almost painful. Tony takes the keys and heads to the gym.
"Maltodextrin, dextrose, galactose. These are all sugars, Tony, hidden sugars." Steve sighs putting the package back on the shelf. "We need to get healthy food, it's better for us."
“I said you’re right, okay? I can’t let you pay the rent, the bills, and the food alone. So, it’s fine.”
Of course, he had to ask about Tony’s own plans for Friday since it was already Wednesday. Although Tony did not have a ‘family’, for it Steve means, someone from his own bloodline. Tony has his best friend, Rhodey, whom Steve had heard a lot about, then, Happy, of course, and Pepper. Pepper. Steve tenses up when he thinks that Tony and Pepper had been in a relationship not so long ago. Though Steve remembers that he and Tony are very recent, he should not feel this much jealousy.
Carefully, he approaches the bed sitting on the edge of it while the blond trembles once more. Tony nudges his shoulder, of course, it doesn't work, but the billionaire was scare of frightening him more than he already looked. He touches his biceps, feeling the muscle twitching under his hand, and he shakes it slowly. It's enough to bring Steve backs to the real world.
As soon as Steve stopped his bike in front of the nightclub, he felt anxious. All he wanted to do was to turn around and go home. The façade glowed with neon lights, too painful for the eyes if you looked at them for too long. The song vibrated inside, and in his ears, shaking the sidewalk where he was still holding the helmet, thinking, and rethinking if he really wanted to go inside.
The supersoldier crosses the street the buy two bottles of water for them. They were lucky to get out in a street full of restaurants and snacks bar, and close to the beach. When Steve comes back, Tony is already recovering his breath, inhaling and exhaling deeply. Of course, when he ran he didn't think about Tony's heart condition, although, he should have to, he only thought about getting rid of the two officers. Now, seeing Tony panting that way, he couldn't hide the concern on his face.
He wasn’t planning on spending much time there, anyway. He greeted Thor when this one came looking for Carol Danvers, which Steve quickly assumed he was talking about Carol/Wanda’s fiancée. Steve looked around, realizing that Carol and Wanda had gone for a while now, and they probably wouldn’t be back sooner. Clint was on a call, and Steve had no idea where Pietro was. Nevertheless, Thor went looking for them, leaving Steve alone. The blond quickly texted Wanda to let her know that he was going home, there wasn’t anything for him to do anyway. He doubted that the red-haired would see it today, at least, tomorrow when she had read the message, she wouldn’t feel guilty for leaving Steve behind.
"Uh, sure. I'm not sure if I can stand up right now." Tony mumbles laying his head on the pillow again, his dark hair with some strands of grey falling over his forehead.
Then, they hear someone coming up, the clicks of high heels getting loud, then Pepper shows up beside Peter, she looks in the room that they are.
He did not want to face all the staff again, and Wanda, and Natasha, who also witness his anxiety attack, but he knew he had to. It was one of the days to cope. He needed to face it, no matter how scared or shameful he felt. If he wanted to overcome it, this was something he needed to do. The fact that Tony was holding his hand and standing there by his side turns it a little bit easier. Tony would be there, right? In case, he needed someone to lean on again.
He turns to meet Steve's gaze before nods his head agreeing with the blond, Tony takes a deep breath, standing up and going into the small table's direction, he takes the aid kit and turns back to the supersoldier.
Tony glances up to see Steve closing the door and mouthing him to stand down behind the counter. Tony spies above the counter just to see the two workers they have seen earlier on the security cameras, passing in the hallway, they stop close to Hank lab, one of them says something to the other who looks annoyed, unfortunately, or maybe, fortunately, Hank's lab is soundproofing.
"Sure. I did. I-I enjoyed it... very much." Tony is looking at him, Steve is sure of that, he can feel those brown eyes observing him, maybe waiting for a reaction. The blond opens his eyes just to have his hypotheses confirmed. "Don't worry, Cap, the boy who you chose to spend your life with is a lucky one."
"What do you think, guys? Let's teach him a lesson, huh?" The one who tried punch him said. "Freak."
“Hey,” Bucky said, putting the bags on the table where Steve was, and coming around to stay behind where Steve was sat. “What are you doing?” Bucky leaned closer to the screen. “Wow, this pic is amazing.”
He picks it up curiously, for two seconds there isn't any sound on the other side of the line, then a voice came up, hoarse from years of smoking and old.
The pub wasn't as crowded as the last night he had been here with Steve, though it was still early. He hasn't drank any alcoholic beverage in a long time. The bartender put the glass in front of him and he faced the amber liquid scowling at it like it was poison, which matter-of-factly is.
They left the sandwich shop and walked together back to SHIELD’s building. They still had time, and Steve imagined that the other team members who left earlier were probably preparing the next scenario for them. According to Wanda, this one was a Winter Collection, left unfinished by the last photographer, which means today was only the first day of pictures. Steve observed as Pietro exited the building, joining him and Wanda. Now, under the sunlight, Steve could constate that his hair was white, it looked like silver when the bright rays of sun hit him.
The couple had finally decided and was paying for the beer when from the corner of his eyes Steve saw the fifteen years old kid being cornered and insulted for the other three. A familiar feeling tickles inside Steve, he truly hates bullies, before he realizes, he is walking in the teenagers' direction.
"That's awful. That's terrible, Tony." Steve paces back and forth in the room. "We need to stop this."
"Wait, where are you going?" Scott asks like he hadn't pay attention to what everyone was discussing.
"Are you sure you've never seen either of these men before?" asks one of the guards. The agents nods negatively and emphatically.
“I’m doing it again,” Tony said, and Steve looked at him confused. “Having one nightstand. Parties. I’m sick of all this bullshit. Pepper said I’d settle down one day, I guess it is gonna be sooner than she thought,” Tony shrugged.
They didn’t talk about it after that.  Tony sat by his side working and eating while Steve leeched what warmth he could get.  By the time he went to his room, Tony’s shirt was semi undone again.  Steve didn’t comment on the scar again, Tony clearly wasn’t ready to talk about it, if he ever would be.
“So you’re not stepping out with anyone then?” Steve said, opening the pizza box, his stomach rumbled, and then his own question to Tony registered, “Sorry, sorry, that’s none of my business.”
Abruptly he realizes he's been holding his breath when the Cap on the screen stares at him intensely after setting him on the bed. He looks wow, really angry. Not angry at Tony though, just determined and pissed off. Tony wonders what set him off. “I didn't try to fight him.” He says wonderingly
I love it..please, want you so much.”  Steve groans, pinning Tony to the mats with his hips, drawing back to stare down at Tony. Steve knows he could come like this; grinding down against Tony with those sweet sounds in his ears, but what Tony said before has been rattling around in his head until it's the only thing he can think of. Tony seems to understand the look on his face somehow, because he reaches up, curving his hand around Steve's cheek and gazing up at him with an expression Steve never thought he would see on Tony's face.
“You don't usually let people hold you like that.” Steve says, once the car has pulled out onto the road. It appears to be self driving. Wild.
Tony stops to plug the foundation's goals now and then, but the walk up to the ballroom where the gala is being hosted goes smoothly. Once inside Tony goes backstage to prepare for his speech. He's stretching out his fingers and mentally rehearsing despite knowing full well it's unnecessary-when Steve comes up behind him.
“Hi yourself, come sit with us.” It's said with such warmth, such affection that Tony feels the absolutely horrifying desire to
Just as he was happy to finally bury the Redskull beneath countless tons of a bunker when they blew it to kingdom come.  Just as he was to take a leap of faith onto Baron Zemo’s damned bomb loaded drone.  He was not as happy to see Bucky there with him.  For all he had tried to keep Bucky safe during the war, he was not able to catch him when it mattered, and down he had gone into freezing ocean waters.  There was no time to mourn, no time to do anything but cry out in grief and keep moving.  Countless lives hung in the balance, and would pay if Steve hesitated.  He couldn’t fail, and he had not.  The bombs never made their destination, and Steve followed Bucky long after.  As the water closed in, and darkness stole his vision, he only hoped he had done enough.
“Mmm yes, you can take me to bed anytime gorgeous.” Tony mumbles against his chest, and Steve goes hot all over. Resolutely he ignores further slurred invitations and carefully deposits Tony on his mattress.
“I weep for your taste in music, birdbrain.”  Iron Man said, streaking up into the sky to aim a pinpoint blast at Black knight.  He was clearly trying to avoid the horse, winged and looking a little like it belonged at the front of an apocalypse though it was.  Steve couldn’t really follow the conversation, but he got the gist.
“Walk you to your room?” Steve asks. His tone is casual, but his posture is slightly tense. Tony blinks slowly, licking his lips and nodding.
It felt so good to hear that, to hear someone had looked at him and seen something, what, he didn’t know.  “You said that before, but why me?  Why pick me to do all this? What have you been looking for?”  He asked, almost afraid to hear the answer, that Erskine would say something cruel, that this was all somehow a ruse, or maybe a dream.
Tony’s jaw dropped, he sputtered a little.  “I slept!  I put the armor on auto-pilot and had a nice nap, I’ll have you know.”
One of Steve's big hands comes up to cradle the back of his head, and then Tony's world shifts as Steve flips them so that Tony's pressed against the back of the couch. Their legs tangle together, Tony throwing an arm around Steve's neck to try and get as close as possible. It's similar to that night sleeping in front of the fireplace, the closeness, the warmth-it burns hotter though, makes the swoop of arousal vibrant and real until Tony is panting into the kiss. Steve is half leaning over him, covering Tony's body with his, kissing him as if it's the only thing that matters. Their mouths part for a moment, Steve leaning their foreheads together and breathing into the space between them.
“Oh, this should be good.”  Tony said, he was already standing up, pressing his hand to two points on his left wrist.  Black shining ribbons twisted from that point, encasing his body in a sleek black flightsuit.
“Tired yet Shellhead?” He calls, picking his way across the pillows after slipping his boots and gloves off. The bulk of the suit stays on however-just in case, but he pulls the cowl down, shaking his hair out of his eyes as he stretches out on the pillows. Off to the left Jan giggles.
He's somewhat mollified by the pictures Happy sends him of Tony passed out in his hotel bed clutching his banana plush close. He blinks down at it, realizing Tony has created a little Captain America cowl and a soft plush shield for the thing. In the pictures he looks soft and sleep warm, using Steve's gift to him as a neck pillow in some, cuddling it in others. Steve traces over the lines of his face and feels a welter of fondness and love so strong it's almost dizzying.  He’s also embarrassingly jealous of his felt banana counterpart, it’s silly, but Steve would love to be in that ridiculous plush’s place; curled up with Tony surrounded by down comforters.
“JARVIS-” Tony sighs “We've been over this, the protocol is not going to kill me.” At least he thinks it won't. There's a very high possibility that he's wrong, but if it comes to that, dying is already a certainty anyway. Last ditch efforts to stay alive are rarely the safest of things.
“Think about what I said. I would drape you in the finest silks, bathe you in milk and honey.” Doom purrs, even as he's being dragged away. Steve feels a wave of possessive anger rise up within himself, even if he knows it's pointless and unwelcome to feel such a way about a man who isn't his, who will probably
“What, what are you talking about, I'm not going anywhere.” Tony feels like he's missing a puzzle piece here. Steve sighs, resting their foreheads together; eyes so blue and earnest despite how obviously aroused he is.
“Are you familiar with the language of flowers Captain?” Back when in the forties his ma' had given him entire books on the subject, telling him fondly that the little details could make all the difference when it came to turning someone's head.  Steve nods, rubbing his suddenly sweaty palm over his pants nervously. This is his first overture, he needs it to go off without a hitch. He really hopes Tony won't laugh at him, or worse, be upset.
He lost track of how long he spoke about Sarah, but Tony listened raptly anyway, seemingly content to just let Steve ramble for however long he wanted. When he had to leave to take a call from one of the scientists in the technology division, Steve set about placing Sarah’s painting in the easel in the corner of his room. He would find a better place to hang it, but for now it was the best place for it.
“I know you don’t know us, and you have no reason to help us, but, if you’d like to lend a hand, if you’re who I think you are, well, we would sure appreciate it.”  He placed the shield in Steve’s grip, and then went running from the room with steps far less loud than they should have been with all that metal.  Steve stared down at the shield.  If they had been hostile, he highly doubted they would have been so willing to pass the shield back into his keeping.  The rush was still there, buzzing under his skin as if it had never left.  Steve took a deep breath and charged after Iron Man.  There would be time for explanations later.  This he could do.
“Gonna, die.” He moans, as Steve's hips grind up against him, as Steve pulls their bodies together and erases every thought from his mind except how they feel locked together.
Or he would have, if Steve didn't let go of his tie to drag his thumb over Tony's bottom lip. There's a lot of things Tony likes, but he's not going to lie, his oral fixation is something his past lovers-even the ones who don't like him much-would write long rave reviews about. His tongue darts out, tracing Steve's nail before he sucks the digit into his mouth, watching Steve's eyes drop to his lips and those baby blues dilate like Tony's got something
Under other circumstances, with another person Tony would be feeling boxed in right now. Steve is different though, and all he can feel in this moment is safe, like Steve would do anything to keep him close. It's as sweet as it is stunningly arousing, and Tony just has to take a moment to get his systems back online.
It's been sleeting all week, that kind of damp cold that sneaks beneath layers of clothing and steals the breath away. Steve has incredibly high tolerances for temperatures both high and low, but that doesn't change the fact that he hates the cold most of all. It doesn't help that their last few fights have taken place outside with the cold icy slush pounding down. It makes him shorter with replies, and gruffer if that's possible. He can see people skitter away as he walks down hallways later after the debrief. Beneath his gloves his knuckles are smarting; in a few hours they'll be completely fine, but it's just one more aggravation on his miles long list.
Belly full, and his eyes finally drooping, Steve shuffled his way back to his room.  He fell into bed with a yawn.  He laid there.  His heart was pounding.  Steve raked a hand over his face and sat up.  His phone was on the nightstand, he picked it up and pulled up the internet.  Clint made fun of him for calling it that.  He knew it was called a browser, but he liked to pretend he didn’t, just to get Hawkeye going.
“You need to sleep in a real bed Tony, C'mon this can't be comfortable.” Slowly he gets an arm around Tony's shoulders, pausing there until he feels Tony relax against him. Warm, Tony is warm. He smells of metal, traces of expensive cologne, and an odd minty scent Steve is unable to place.  “I'm going to put my other arm under your legs now okay.”  He whispers.  Tony doesn't respond save to tuck his head against Steve's chest as if seeking warmth. Steve takes that as encouragement, looping his arm beneath Tony's knees and then getting his feet under himself to stand.
“Yeah but you're not always able to reach him, I know you've taken some pretty rough hits. You know what you're doing.” Steve has seen Iron Man get tossed around like pinball on more than one occasion. Logically he knows the armor must have intense shock dampening capabilities, but he's seen the bruising, Tony definitely isn't escaping injury, even armored up as he is. There's a part of Steve that desperately wants to keep Tony safe, that wants more than anything to tell Tony that he
“You remember what to do Captain?” JARVIS talking to him is getting less and less startling by the day.  Steve nods, crouching down so he can look at Tony's face while he coaxes him up. “Tony, hey listen, this is even more uncomfortable than the couch thing.” Tony grumbles, brows pinching together as if he's none too happy about being disturbed from his tablet pillow.
with that fella. His Ma had known he liked Cary Grant a little too much, he wonders if she'd be happy for him now, he thinks she would have liked Tony.
“You show off.”  Tony laughed, half skipping to catch up with Steve.  “Fine, carry my bags, oh strong alpha, but you have to let me take you out to dinner later.”
“Steve!” Tony said immediately, his gaze snapping up to meet Steve’s over the call, and then widening slightly as it roved over his face. “Hey there, Cap, how are you, is everything alright?” Tony asked, and then winced.
He loses time after that, blinking in and out of wakefulness, catching snippets of the team ribbing each other and heckling the movie. Steve doesn't stop touching him the entire time, Tony's not sure he's ever felt quite this relaxed in his life. Even the Arc sitting heavy in his chest doesn't feel as uncomfortably oppressive as it usually does.
“You’re Iron Man?”  Steve asked.  This fantastically handsome fella was also a hero.  Steve couldn’t believe his luck.  Something in his tone must have been wrong though, because Tony’s lips turned down into a frown.  Shit.  He’d really done it, he raised his hands, palms up.  “No I don’t mean to give you a hard time, I just kind of thought you’d be older, and not in such a snappy suit, other than the armor, which is really something, fella.”  Steve almost tripped over the words, but he managed to get them out all the same.  Tony smiled brilliantly, his eyes went wide, his cheeks stained a dark cherry red.  Oh hell, Steve thought, he had just woken up in this century and he already had an impossible crush.
“Tony. If that's how you feel why are you fighting this?” Rhodey asks, more gently than he probably deserves.  Tony shuts his eyes, digging his teeth into his bottom lip before steeling himself enough to speak.
This new body is never cold, even in the dead of winter trekking through mountains. People touch him less now that he stands tall and broad instead of small and frail. As much as he loves the freedom and comfort of simple things like being able to breathe easily, he misses the quiet peace of curling close to a friend for warmth.
Do not devalue yourself because you're one of the best people I've ever met. If you think I'd be alright if you died while I stood by and did nothing you've got another thing coming. So get that through your hollow bucket head.” Maybe he ought to tone it down, but he can't.  Not when his best friend in this world is talking about himself like that.  Iron Man's breath catches, the arm he has around Steve tightening enough to be felt clearly through the padding of his suit.
“Everyone, take on a villain you have not clashed with before, they know your weaknesses, so switch it up.”  Steve said into the comms, after Radioactive Man got a little too close for comfort with Thor.
“You're gorgeous.” Steve whispers into his ear when he pulls back from the kiss and untangles Tony's arms from around his neck. Both of them are breathing a little heavier, but thankfully Happy doesn't comment.
“Mhmm, yeah..hi there darling-” Tony says distractedly against Steve's lips, before what he said registers “wait, really?”
anyone else to see it either. If people knew this side of Tony he would never get any peace. Steve understands the necessity of the masks he wears, even if he wishes it wasn't necessary.  He has masks of his own after all, for the press, for times when he needs to project calm and confidence even when he has none.
“Yeah, I'd like that, like that a lot.” He breathes out.  Tony smiles, taking his hand by the wrist and walking backwards towards the entrance to the gym. He's still flushed attractively, mouth reddened by kisses, and when he turns around to lead Steve up to his room, Steve can't help but let his gaze drop down to admire the backside he's been covertly ogling for quite some time now. Tony hums, smirking at him over his shoulder, clearly having caught on to what Steve is up to.
“Captain America is a dirty pervert, will wonders never cease?” Tony says with a grin, head leaning back into the pillows to bare the long line of his throat.
' Self control is a terrible invention and Tony is so sorry he still has any left. Natasha makes her way over to Steve, looking over his shoulder and grinning.
“Sorry, sorry, that was rude, let me make it up to you.”  He said, putting down his fork and walking over to the espresso machine.  He would have gotten the stovetop coffee maker out, but Tony probably had to leave soon, and there wasn’t enough time to make a traditional cuppa.  Nonna would have scolded him, he could see her throwing her hands up in his mind’s eye.  He remembered how Tony liked his coffee, cappuccino was his favorite, he liked it sweet too, and piping hot.  “Here you go, hot off the presses.”  He said, holding the cup out too Tony when he was done frothing the milk and adding sugar.
The leader attacks, and all the planning in the world could not have prepared Steve for what it feels like to lose his last thread of connection to Tony. He knows the dimension Tony is in is collapsing, that the likelihood of Tony's survival can be reduced down to a tiny fraction of a decimal point, but he still hopes.
More pining, more assumptions, a football game with uninvited guests, and Steve learning that even Captain America can't run on fumes forever.
“I told you last time,” Steve ground out, and then he leaped across the distance between them, ducking down beneath Zemo’s wild shot to shoulder check Zemo with enough force to send his arms pinwheeling and his steps slipping backwards. “Not to mistake compassion for weakness, but you never learn.”
True to his word, after they took their seats, Tony sauntered off whistling, returning with arms laden with a huge box of food and foam memorabilia, while Roy sat silent and fuming the entire time.
On the screen, the pixilation cleared, and Steve stared, and then scrolled closer. There was activity on the island all right. Crates of suspicious looking materials, racks of weapons, and most tellingly a banner with Zemo’s heraldry draped over the entrance to the fort. The bastard never had been able to resist boasting about his blue blood, and thank goodness for that, he had a target now.
He became an icon seemingly overnight, doors that had always been closed were opened to him with a glance.  Realizing he was being flirted with was a revelation, not that he really reciprocated at first.  People looked at his body covetously, but that wasn’t what he wanted, not by a longshot.  Still, it was nice to be desired, even if it wasn’t really Steve Rogers that they wanted.  All of that could not balance out the way he felt after missions.  He never spoke of it, but the serum had changed him in ways it took some time for him to understand.  The rush after a fight, where once it had ebbed away, it stayed, and stayed.
“C'mon, we're going to get shoved standing around on the sidewalk like this.” Tony suggests, going quiet when Steve hums, pulling back to tip Tony's chin up with one hand. He smiles, brushing their lips together and then putting space between them.
“Hey Winghead, are you sure you want me to do this, sure you don't want something to take the edge off at least a little?” Iron Man sounds so hesitant, and Steve is reminded again of how little faith Tony has in the trust others put in him. The empty suit is much more self assured, all the more reason to suggest it's the man he loves in the armor. Steve smiles despite the situation, tipping his head back against rough bark and sighing a long breath out before staring back into the faceplate.
“Yeah, he was that, but I didn't see it until it was too late. What can I say, I'm a shit judge of character.” Tony grits out darkly, staring into his glass, seemingly watching the ice melt.
!” Tony moans, rolling his hips back against Steve, the flush creeping over his chest and shoulders darkening when Steve makes an educated guess that Tony enjoys being praised; leaning over Tony to whisper the filthiest things he's ever said out loud against Tony's lips, kissing him between panting drags of breath as he sets about fucking him into the mattress. Most men Steve has been with in his admittedly short history with these things go at least semi soft at first, but Tony's erection hasn't flagged at all. He's so hard it almost looks painful, his cock leaving sticky trails of precome over his stomach where it juts out from his fist.
“Alright, you alright?” Steve asks, stilling his fingers, and slipping them out. Tony shivers all over, sliding his hands over Steve's chest, his shoulders, and then back up to comb through his hair. He's smiling though, flushed and just as aroused as Steve.
“No.” Tony grits out. Steve's hand stills on his back. Tony turns finally to look at him. He doesn't think he's ever seen Steve look quite this agitated. He looks like he would really really enjoy going back and kicking the shit out of Hammer.
“Oh that’s not fair, turning that against me.  You dirty cheat.”  He said with a groan, but he sounded fond.
Later he rode the subway down to the lower east side, walked the streets he used to know, stood in the alleyway where his apartment building once resided.  Looking up between the forms of buildings at the sky, he still felt a little like a ghost.  He could still see it, if he closed his eyes.  Sure it had been a crummy apartment, and sure the landlord was a real pill, but it was where he’d grown up, where Sarah took her last breaths.  Steve hung his head, held back a sob, but he turned away, kept walking.
He draws Tony again, eyes half closed clutching a coffee mug in one hand and a stolen hashbrown in the other. When he's done he stares at it. It's so obvious he's in love with Tony, he may as well have drawn floating little hearts all around the piece. Steve sighs, tracing his fingers over the graphite, and wishing not for the first time that he could read a thought or two. It would be great to know if Tony was as gone on Steve as he is on him. Of course the alternative would be finding out Tony was just humoring him. Maybe ignorance is preferable. Steve picks up his pencil and draws a little Iron Man on Tony's mug. Better.
“You said we would dance in the living room.”  Steve says suddenly, before he can lose his nerve entirely.  Atop him, Tony stills in surprise, a slow wide smile pulling across his face.
“Boy that's rich coming from mister, jump on the back of an inter-dimensional monster while sporting a broken arm.” Tony mutters.
“Alright, well, if you’re sure.”  Tony said, pressing his lips together, but walking into the room when Steve motioned for him to come in.
“Steve, I will absolutely teach you how to make something other than boiled potatoes, my god, what have you been eating?” Tony sounds more than a little scandalized, but he doesn't resist when Steve winds him in to steal a kiss.  His mouth tastes like red wine and dark berries, warm and sweet and hot, Tony's tongue curling around his when the kiss deepens. His skin is warm, so warm when Steve slips his hands beneath the opening in his shirt that Steve feels he’ll never be cold again. The smell of him, hot metal, cinnamon and expensive cologne, wraps around his senses, and he chases that scent with his lips, mouthing along Tony's jaw until he can rub his nose just behind one ear where he helped Tony dab cologne the last time they were together. Tony sighs, leaning into his touch for a few moments before the growling of Steve's stomach interrupts their moment with a loud complaint.
“Uh. When was our first one?” Tony asks, feeling a little slow on the uptake despite all evidence of being a genius.  Steve's eyes are twinkling at him in amusement. Wow, yeah Tony feels like he's definitely missing a puzzle piece here.
“You've asked me that four times already.” Cap says, but he doesn't sound annoyed at all at having apparently been repeating himself; just deeply concerned. Tony wonders if he's concussed. This feels deeper than that though. He feels like a passenger in his own body, in his own brain. Just knowing his own name seems a monumental task.
“You have no way of knowing how it will affect you. You should at least inform your partner of this contingency.”
“Push into me, now, nice and slow, this is a good angle for me, and you're so strong, aren't you, stud? You could hold me up like this for hours if I asked you to, couldn't you?” Tony's words are so warm, so firm and commanding and full of affection, and it feels so good to hear that. To hear that his strength is good, that it can be useful for Tony, that Steve can engage it here to bring the man he loves pleasure. He can barely speak with how turned on he is, only managing to nod, framing Tony's hips with his hands and hiking him further up over his thighs.
“Arsenal is to me what Bucky is to you. I'm sorry that I couldn't put it into words before. I'm so sorry Steve.” Tony says, afterwards, when their skin has cooled where they lay in a nest of pillows and blankets on the floor.
They leave the washroom after that. Steve stays nearby while Tony shakes hands, turns on the charm and dazzles in turns. It's a glorious facade, a tribute to the golden idiot he used to be. He collects millions from people who have probably never even tasted water from a tap; charms it right out of their bloated bank accounts and into something that matters.
Back before the war, Steve would have given anything to hear someone say that.  It was a point of pride, for a courting gift to be worn where visible, a sign the giftee not only liked the gift, but was receptive to further courting.  Whether he knew it or not, Tony would be wearing his gift all through his day.  Through board meetings and important calls, and inventing, and God knew what else.  Steve stood closer to the counter, God he was hard.  This was not good.
“I, I did,”  Tony’s gaze darted around, he sighed, “and I saw the pictures too.  You were always a Hero, Steve.”  He smiled, a little shyly himself, warm and sweet.  “You put the handsome in Captain Handsome.”  Tony winked, and pilfered one of Steve’s breadsticks, Steve let him, he could have it, he could have the entire plate of them if he wanted.  Steve would make more.  From another person it might have sounded like a line, and maybe flirting too, but Tony flirted the way a fish swam through water.  He probably didn’t mean anything by it.  It still made him feel overheated and off balance though.  “Anyway, that’s not why I came to see you.”  Tony sat back, and opened his hand.  The cufflinks were there, resting in his gloved palm.
He wakes briefly when they both leave-whispering about important meetings, and something about an AI named Anthony. Tony rolls over and tries not to miss their warmth in the bed.
Only the feeling of Tony shifting against him wakes him.  He doesn't know how much time has passed, but Tony is urging him up off the bench, so he goes.  “I'm sorry I drifted off on you, darling, what a terrible host I am.” Tony says lightly, but his smile twists in a way that Steve doesn't like at all. He remembers that smile the first time Tony's illness made itself visible.  Remembers Tony looking hollow and exhausted but still smiling and inviting Steve over because they had a date.
Tony pushes away that voice, he doesn't need Sunset Bain's cruelty in his head right now. Steve is not like that, he doesn't think it's even possible for Steve to project that level of artifice. Steve is a lot of things, but he's not a liar. He feels like if that unspoken thing between Pepper and himself had survived past his superheroing and palladium poisoning it might have been something like this. Steve is the first person to hold him like this since Afghanistan. He remembers Steve's words, his despair and loneliness, the way he spoke of missing touch. Tony understands more than Steve will ever know, more than he will ever be able to put into words.
Steve can't contain himself with that, so warm and flushed and dizzy with the praise that he turns just enough to catch Tony's smiling mouth in a kiss.  Tony doesn't disappoint either, he slips his other hand beneath Steve's head, holding him there and leaning over him, kissing all thoughts except for how the two of them fit together away.
“You know what else is easy, and you could definitely take?” Tony says, gaze dropping with a flutter of long dark lashes. Steve feels his mouth go dry when Tony shifts against him, hips pressing back. “Me. I'm so easy cap.” Tony's eyebrows are waggling and Steve feels like his whole life has been one long descent into losing control of this situation.
“God,”  He panted, Tony was stroking his face, he reached down though, wrapped Steve’s arms around himself, and let Steve get his hands beneath the back of his loose silk pajama shirt.  “You’re, you’re an omega?”  He wrapped his arms more tightly around Tony, startling when his back hit the wall.  He was holding Tony up against himself unaware he’d moved them both, that he’d bodily picked Tony up.  He wanted to feel something about that, but the rush was gone, the drop was gone, all he felt was peace, as if he were floating in a pool with his eyes closed and his ears submerged.  Tony’s chest rumbled against his though, and he opened his eyes, leaning back at last to take in Tony’s expression.  His eyes were wide, shocked, the blue almost eclipsed by the black of his pupils.
How long has it been since he has allowed anyone to touch him? Really touch him? Not casual pats on the shoulder or a handshake. Tony closes his eyes, trying to imagine what it felt like to be wrapped up in Steve's arms. Even on the screen it looked nice. Tony shakes his head free of the images, dismissing the screen now playing footage of him passed out dead to the world. There's no use in dwelling on it, it's never going to happen again.
By the end of the day, everyone had their head stuffed with enough arithmetic to bore a cow to death, and no one seemed to remember how bad Steve had stuck his foot in it in the morning.  Steve remembered though, sitting at his kitchen table, boosted up by a book while he scribbled on a worksheet. He was still sitting there when Sarah got home, he could tell it was her, her walk was slow, the way it always was after a long night on her feet.
“We're not together.” The words sound dredged out of him. Doom stares at him as if he's the dimmest bulb in a not particularly gifted shed.
“That is true, I was not seeking an alpha, but an alpha is what I found.”  Dr.  Erskine paused before continuing to speak, holding Steve’s gaze with his own.  “Rebirth will change you, the serum, it will amplify what is inside you already.  You are an alpha, it will take everything about that and make it more, be that for good or for ill.”  It sounded as if he spoke from experience, some deep personal knowledge of that reality.  “In a beta it is safer, the same biological imperatives are not written into them,  so no, I was not seeking an alpha, someone in my mind who would be accustomed to strength.  The serum can unlock things in an alpha, even in one who is not cruel, that is why I chose betas, it was safer, you see.”
“Is our villain a carnie? Hawkeye, go talk to your people.” Tony says, scanning the nearby Ferris wheel and noting the caped idiot cackling at the very top.
“Yeah, sure I am, while I'm their friendly, neighborhood philanthropist slash provider of fun tech stuff. I really doubt they would be game to have a guy who didn't have enough sense to know his father figure was selling his weapons and wanted him dead flying around playing at being a superhero.” Beside him Natasha is silent, but he can feel her gaze boring into the side of his face, and the words just spill out of him in a long torrent.  “I'm not a real hero Nat, not like all of you. I am just
in some distant part of his mind before he's on his knees retching with such force that his vision grays around the edges.
. But no. He's not going to think about that right now. What he has with Tony is good, great, better than anything he really thought to hope for, especially after everything.
“Yeah, I need to talk to you about-” He rifles through his Rolodex of villain names. “Crossbones, last time we fought him, something bothered me.” Tony's eyebrows shoot up, but he walks closer, stepping over pillows and Avengers as he goes. Natasha's head pops up from her pillow, and she shifts the pillow just beneath Tony's feet to send him toppling over.
“Mister Stark really designed all this?” He asks, unashamed that he sounds more than a little awestruck.
Don't waste your life, he had said-and tony wonders if he has made up for it yet, if anything he's done can make up for the red soaking his ledger. Tony thinks back on his life; a dirty bomb of poor choices leaving collateral damage wherever he points his memories. Thinks of Steve and his gentleness, and pushes that away.
He keeps telling himself that Steve is fine, he is safe and there is no need to hurry that much, but Tony can't stop walking so fast, he has to be sure, Steve would not be late, he is always punctual. He turns the corner to see the same girl from yesterday in the door, this time she is sat on a wooden box and has a cigarette in one of her hands.
He writes down the license plate of the van, he decided to make some research and look further, his priority now is to find Steve.
Wanda took Steve to a snack bar close to the building, according to her they have the best sandwiches in Manhattan. Steve had just had his third sandwich to prove Wanda’s point, they are really delicious. The first he ordered had cheese, the second one was Wanda’s choice, the vegetarian, and the third he was currently eating had eggs and ham and it tasted like breakfast. Steve couldn’t say which one was his favorite, though.
Steve opened his eyes. He saw blood on someone’s forehead as Wanda pressed a white towel against the injury, soaking it up in the blood. Red. Scarlet against the pure color of the tissue. He had his hands pressed against his ears in an attempt to muffle the loud, annoying noise. He took a deep breath, even though it hurt. It hurts to breathe. It shouldn’t hurt. Steve’s eyes darted around, looking for any kind of danger. There wasn’t any other evidence than the pieces of glass spread on the floor. Steve raised his eyes.
The restaurant has a view of the seashore, it's particularly beautiful at night, even romantic, since the place looked exactly where Steve would invite someone to a date. In the reception, there are painting on the walls, it also seems like a museum, there are paintings being exhibited with the artists' information too. A stunning and fancy restaurant.
Natasha raises a brow, expecting more. Steve does not know how to explain what’s going on between him and Tony because he doesn’t know himself. They are… more than friends at this point, but he also couldn’t call it a relationship since none of them had talked about it. So, it seems like the most suitable response to give to his boss.
"Only if you do that too." He says now glancing up to find Natasha pale, her lips clenched in a thin line. Now, it was her who was surprised and shocked by his answer. The widow never opened up about her life or how she obtained her skills, but Tony knew for sure that Natasha must've been through a lot. And it's okay, he doesn't need to know, everyone has secrets, she only needs to know that Tony supports her and she can also see him as a friend.
"Bullshit, Rogers." He waves his hands turning his back to the blond man, which just makes Steve follows him out of the kitchen. Tony catches his keys that he just had thrown on the coffee table.
Steve turns with a smile to the billionaire, but Tony has a hand over his chest, he's panting and his body is mid-fold. Steve's eyes switch from joy and adrenaline to concern.
Steve went back to the apartment. There wasn’t much else he could do today. He surely would not be hired by STRIKE, but he still had spread his CV in some places, he could only expect that one of those agencies would call him. Or Natasha Romanoff, Steve read the name on the SHIELD Clothing website. She was the head of Marketing and models recruitment for the enterprise, born in Russia but speaks English better than most Americans. There wasn’t much about her life on the Internet, so that was all Steve got to know. He also knew she was the woman Bucky gave his contact.
Steve found it hard to define an accurate moment of realization, but he'd say that was the moment after Tony flew in that wormhole in New York, the moment they were eating shawarma together, and Steve's heart sank the moment he realized he could've lost Tony. For the billionaire, it took a bit longer to admit it himself. Thus, he remembers he got a call from SHIELD telling him that Captain America got shot, and quickly Tony made the arrangements to Steve being transferred to a decent hospital that Tony had afforded, Steve's shock face was too funny to watch, the blond didn't know about it till Tony slipped out.
"Tony," he says. "We will come back, there is nothing to worry about. I know I'm saying this right now and I'm not trying to play the optimistic. I need you to trust me, because I trust you and I'm sure we will find a solution together, we're already working on it! " Steve says with a kind smile. "I also know you too well to know that tomorrow morning you will still be worried." The super soldier sighed. "This is not your fault. We knew the risks and we decided to accept them. We made this together."
Steve had commented about this show Bucky could not shut up in the morning with Wanda and Tony. The coffee machine sounded, and Tony reached for two cups, a red one, and another blue one.
“Wait,” Steve said all of sudden, which surprised even himself. “The new photoshoot, it says here ‘The pictures taken must be edited in a computer inside of the SHIELD Clothing establishment’, so it means…”
They were doing fine. Tony feels they are running in circles when they turn one of the thousands of corners, they saw a bunch of agents aiming their guns at them, Steve retracts quickly pulling Tony with him. The bullets reach the wall.
However, he found himself in what seemed the infirmary, there was black glass in the place of windows, he could not see who was in, but he bet that could see the outside from inside the room. Tony started to open the doors, one by one. Steve has to be here.
I’m thankful for this beautiful woman I’m going to marry in less than two months,” he finally said. Steve observes Peggy blushes when Bucky leans in to kiss her cheek.
“James Barnes, but everyone calls me Bucky because of this punk,” Bucky slaps Steve’s on the back of his neck.
Steve's eyes were still laying on the brunet, studying carefully his reaction. What if Tony... No, Steve couldn't create expectations, so he sweeps these thoughts away from his mind.
"Y-yes, sir. T-thank you." The boy stutters and his gaze turns to the door where the ginger guy is leaving the store. Steve followed his gaze and things started making sense inside his head, he should remember himself he was in the 70s, rights and thoughts on LGBT people were very different, full of prejudices.
As soon as Maria pointed at all people and places, Steve didn’t waste his time, he had work to do. He greeted Fury and took a few pictures. He walked around the place, taking pictures of the decoration, always looking for the perfect angle of lights that could favor the picture. He would edit them later and fix any mistakes. Steve was a good photographer, he could live photographing all his life, even though what he really wanted to do was painting. Being an artist was something far far away from his reality.
Tony turns to look at him, just to find a light of concern into those eyes. Steve is a super soldier, so his strength was inhuman, leaving bruises on Tony.
Tony crosses the street back, going in the bakery. He greets the boy in the cashier and goes to the showcase, his eyes fall on the apple pie. He needs to find Steve, no matter what.
“Great! Everyone will be there,” she said, then she lifted her eyes from her phone and looked at Steve again. “Are you new here?” Steve shifted uncomfortably, he wasn’t good at socializing with unknown people at all, but Peggy always asked him how he’s supposed to know new people if he doesn’t even attempt to talk with strangers.
"I thought you were innocent, Rogers," He teases. Steve smiles, pulling Tony's underwear out, his cock pulls off with a drop of pre-cum on the tip, Steves licks his lips slowly, his eyes observing the brunet.
"You don't need to explain, Steve. I'm glad you found someone." She smiles smoothly. "Just be careful, both of you, a lot of people won't understand and they can't be less tolerant to it now." She shrugs.
Inside the cab, Tony couldn't stop thinking that the man's name sounds familiar. He can't remember where he had listened to this name before. Thomas, that is a pretty ordinary name, it was his surname that caught Tony's attention, Pierce. Pierce, Pierce, Pierce. He repeats the name inside his head, what connexion could Steve have with this man? How did they found him?
"What's wrong, Cap? You are strangely quiet since we left the base." Well, Tony knew there are plenty of things going wrong here. "You didn't even yell with me to fuck everything up."
“And that’s how the bad guy was defeated and we won.” that sweet voice makes his heart beats so fast, causing so many emotions that he would never be able to describe. “The end.”
“Hey, Morguna, what are you running from?” says Tony while tickling her belly which makes her giggles.
"Wow, it sounds fantastic!" Tony tries to sound interested, but what he really wants is to take a good look at the footage. Steve surely must appear on them, he could know what happened or at least, have an idea. "Do you mind if I take a look? I love all this technology stuff and This one you're talking seems quite unbelievable."
Thank you for the comments and all the kudos. I really appreciate them, I hope you're enjoying this story as much as I am writing it.
It was the first thing that he heard when he got into the apartment. Steve was standing next to the kitchen floor holding a coffee mug. The eyebrows concern told Tony he was in trouble for not prevent the soldier from his little and harmless adventure.
"Those punks are in the neighborhood again" a man yells to his wife from the window above their head before shouting "I'm going to call the police." One of the young guys just showed the middle finger to the old man, an act of full disrespect. "Are you okay, sir?" The man shouts.
"What happened?" Steve asks, though the situation doesn't need exactly an explanation, but Tony tells him about the five men in the street, not so far from the building, the guy who recognized him from the other night in the pub and assumed, correctly, that he's queer. Steve listens to everything silently, his hands clenched in fists so hard that his knuckles turn white.
A group of students get out of a lab making their way to the elevator. When the doors close Tony knows that they need to act fast before anyone sees them or Hank comes back from his little discussion with whoever professor Evans is.
“It’s okay. Come in, Pepper,” Natasha replied. The blonde stepped inside, and the receptionist closed the door pulled behind her, though she had left it partially opened, and she walked back to her place in the reception.
“Hi you again,” she greeted. “The models are almost drooling on you,” Wanda stated, making Steve raise his eyes from the camera he just got. It was true, a blonde and a brunette are whispering and glancing at him, as well as some of the other women in the room. Steve blushed.
“I’m sorry,” Steve said, parking his bike in another space. “Rumlow, right?” The man nodded. “I believe it was you who called me the other day. I’m Steve Rogers.” Steve extended his hand to a handshake, but the man ignored the gesture. Instead, he turned around.
What did he have to lose? The worst that could happen was if no one liked him, or people were mean and treated him badly. Wanda said that everyone was cool, and the people he had worked with today were all polite to him. There’s no need to hesitate this much, but Steve couldn’t stop wondering what would people think of him?
“Tony!” Steve yelled. Tony leaned against the counter, putting down the red cup carefully. Steve rested a hand on Tony’s hip to assure his balance.
"I'm going in," Tony says to Steve, but he didn't wait for the blond's reaction, already walking down the street.
Scott had come back alone, he said that he and Tony had lost the Tesseract for Loki in 2012, then Tony had this crazy idea of going back to 1970 to recover the Tesseract and find the Pym particles to come back, it all seems simple to everyone. Natasha was determined to wait for them, so she pushed a chair and sat in front of that machine waiting. She felt frustrated, worse, she felt lonely.
He bit the cushion as the burn appears around the ring of muscles, and he doesn’t even care when Steve quickly pushed another finger inside him. They’re eager for it, and they wanted it as fast as possible. Steve worked his fingers in and out of Bucky, opening him up nicely.
Two days passed by with no incidents, and Steve and Tony were utterly involved in their nest of love, completely absent-minded of the world outside.
However, Tony already had a few clothes with him, all in the same colors that Steve mentioned, on his left he spots a dark blue shirt, that one would suit Tony's so well, Steve thought before took it and handed it to the brunet, Steve wasn't expecting that Tony would take it since he doesn't like being handed thing, but he does accept it with a smile on his face. It looks like the piece that was missing.
“If you say so,” Natasha shrugs, putting each paper into the right folder on her shelf. “You can always talk to me, Steve. I can talk to Tony about his behavior if you ever feel uncomfortable, you just have to tell me.”
“Holy shit, Scott, I forgot my wallet upstairs,” Clint said, moving to the door of the establishment. “Hang in there. I’ll be back in a minute.”
“Yeah. I hope so,” Steve said. “I’m getting supplies, will you be home for dinner tonight?” Steve asked, but he kind of already knew the answer.
Tony turns around still inside of the supersoldier's grip, he cups Steve's cheek bringing his lips to his, Steve leans down to cut the gap and sealing their lips. It's a passionate kiss, they don't need to say the three words because they're already inside this kiss, it screams a clear "I love you" to both of them.
They had a plan since Steve and Tony were almost caught like intruders the last time. First, they would be apart, Tony would break in Pym's lab to seek for any clue of how they could find the scientist as soon as possible, so they would be able to get their asses back to 2023 and avenger the Earth. No, not only the Earth, the whole fuck universe.
They're in the security room in the back of the building, the cameras show every office, room and lab inside included Hank Pym's office who is leaving his office in this exact moment, Tony's eyes follow him for a moment but he's distracted by a shirtless supersoldier.
She went back to the main room, she hasn't seen any soul on the corridors on her way back here. So, she pressed the alarm button and waited for the Avengers assembled. The first one to get to the room was Rhodey, he looked confused at first but he sat down and waited along with Natasha, then Bruce and Thor came in followed by the blue female, Nebula, and the raccoon, Rocket, the last to arrive is Scott still in his pajamas.
She takes him to a small space in the back of the bakery, there are TVs showing what is happening inside and outside. Tony holds his hand eager to touch the keyboard next to a TV. Tony found it quite hard to keep his hands to himself a few minutes while she explains the whole system to him, it is clear to him that this girl is an aspirant to technology, but she ends up here working in a bakery, and probably frustrated.
It was around 9 pm, there aren't so many people walking on the beach, they had passed for a group of teenagers, one of them playing the guitar while the others sang, sat around a bonfire. The rest of the people around there keep their distance walking in the sidewalk.
Steve blinks, wondering if he had heard correctly. Did Tony just tell him that they were dating? Is it what--
Tony slides his hand to the pocket again. He feels his fingers sting against the broken glass inside of it, when Tony slips his hand out and open it, he sees only two Pym particles left, the other two were reduced to pieces.
A flash of pain crosses Steve's eyes before he lowers his head, a hand resting on his hips, he sighs in a clear sound of disappointment. Tony's brows eyes are watered, he feels the lump inside in his throat grows thick and becomes hard to breathe. Listening to those words coming through Steve's mouth was too harsh and suddenly too much to handle, but he clearly deserves it.
Steve feels small butterflies in his stomach when they walk back into the studio. The remnants of the light bulb's explosion were already gone. People were cleaning up the mess that happened in there, some lamps and clothes on the floor. Steve spots his own camera on the floor, lying where Steve crouched down before Tony pulled him out. However, the main focus was on their intertwined hands. He can feel every single gaze on him and Tony as they walk in.
"Are they back?" Bruce asks, a slight smile on his face that fades away slowly when he sees Natasha's countenance.
“Welcome to SHIELD, Mr. Rogers,” The woman handed him a card. “Marketing Department is on the 7th floor.” Steve nodded, murmuring a timid and low ‘thanks’ and walking towards the elevators. The doors opened, and Steve sighed relieved when he got in the empty elevator.
Tony feels the head of Steve's cock pushing in, bringing back the burning, it doesn't hurt, actually, just stings. He feels Steve pushes forward a little more, then the burning starts to become in pleasure. Tony sighs feeling his hole stretches and struggles to accommodate Steve's huge cock, suddenly, he feels full again with their bodies connected.
Breathe. Just breathe. In and out. Steve remembers the instructions given to his therapist for whenever he felt an anxiety attack was about to happen.
Well, downtown showed itself crowded. Families walking happily on the sidewalks, stores are fulls, there was a large queue to the ice cream truck. Tony looks around the street looking for a pawnshop that we had in the hotel's map of the city, and catch a glance at one right around the corner.
Steve keeps aiming the gun to the man who just laughs, a loud and manic laughter. Then, his eye switches from Tony to Steve.
"I-I'm so sorry, sir, er, professor." The boy said awkwardly, rubbing the back of his neck and smiling to Tony.
Despite of it, that wasn’t the biggest problem, now Tony was more susceptible to develop cancer or any others complications in reason of the high level of radiation his body has been exposed, one of them was his right arms nerves being seriously damaged, what took him long sessions of kinesiotherapy. It was exhausting, however, every time he wanted to give up, Steve was by his side. Steve reminded him why he was doing it and that he was still worth it. It took, at least, two months to Tony feels confident to make things by himself using his hand. He needed some daily medications too, which Steve religiously gives to him every morning. Steve was, still is, his strength. He never left him. Then, Morgan came up in their lives, and Tony couldn’t be happier. He has a family now, he has everything.
Steve nodded. He likes Tony. He really does. He just had to hope that he was required. Steve could live a happy life with Tony by his side. Tony could be hard to handle, but once he got to know him, Steve could see how the kindness overflows through his heart. He had seen it when Tony was spending time with Peter in the orphanage, or the SI’s event Tony hosted. Steve just wishes Tony opened up more about him. He’s aware that it takes time, Steve was willing to wait for him.
Natasha got in Tony's lab without knocking or warning, she doesn't come down there often, so he expected she would, at least, have the decency of knocking, her high heels click loudly on the floor making Tony raises his head to look at her. He hadn't been working for so long that Natasha would come down to drag his ass up to eat something or get some sleep. He was just doing some minors upgrades in the Iron Man armor, trying to distract himself from what happened early. So Tony frowns to the sight of the red hair, while she leans against the table next to him with her arms crossed, ready to scold him for something that he had no idea he did.
Steve smirks, standing up and taking off his shirt. Tony props himself up on his elbows observing the supersoldier movements, his biceps contracting while he stretches and pulls the shirt out of his head, revealing a perfect and defined abs, and all Tony can think is how lucky he is.
He isn’t jealous, he tells himself. He just doesn’t like other Alphas near to his Omega, even though Tony has his bond mark and he has nothing to worry about. But just a few people knew that Captain America and Iron Man were bonded, this group of people resumes to the Avengers themselves and some S.H.I.E.L.D. highly essential staff.
Then, he spots Steve waiting obediently the traffic light indicates that it is closed. He looks carefree and genuinely happy. Tony does not remember the last time he had seen him this way, but he wanted to see Steve like this more often, he could do this, make Steve happy. Tony smiles at the thought.
“Yeah,” Natasha furrows. “You know, I really thought she would be the one Tony would settle down. Then, he started to act reckless, going out and spending nights out. Betting. God. He started drinking too much again. He had been sober for 6 months. I didn’t know what turned him like that again,” Natasha sighed. “Anyway, Pepper broke up, which worsened everything for a while. Then, I heard he went to Italy, his mother was Italian, I guess,” Natasha seemed to think for a bit before continuing. “He disappeared for all those months till Pepper came here, and… Well, you heard everything that day.”
"Yep, that's me. Bold of you to assume that I'd let you here." Tony blinks, and Steve can't help but smile.
The snack bar Steve takes them is not so far from the Army Base, and it still opens. The front of the store has an old charm, and it changed considerably since the last time Steve has been there, it seems, of course, more modern than in 1941.
Every day, he was encouraged to socialize with the people around him, and now with his new job, he would need to talk and keep a good ambient of work. Steve was looking forward to it. He hasn’t been with anyone in a long time. In the Army it was almost unthinkable, even though it happened sometimes, it doesn’t mean anything, though. It was simply stress relief. Now, he was back in his life between Brooklyn and Manhattan, perhaps he could give a chance to meet someone new, and see how it goes. His therapist probably would be happy if he knew Steve gave it an attempt.
The elevator doors are almost closing when Tony and Steve step out of the room. Well, almost, because the two Hydra agents spot them.
It was easier than he thought, it looks like Hank Pym doesn't expect information to be stolen, otherwise, he needed to improve security fast.
"He didn't come over today." She shrugs in clear disappointment, taking the cigarette to her mouth once more. Tony furrowed.
Bucky observed Steve from the corner of his eyes when he took his place on the couch, quickly putting Bucky’s feet on his lap. The dark-haired didn’t look away from the TV in front of him, where a journalist talked about another robbery in a bank this week.
Steve's eyes sweep the apartment and he realizes that there's only one double bed. It's okay for him, that's not a problem, but he didn't want Tony to feel uncomfortable, even though all he wanted was to share a bed with Tony for the rest of their lives.
He is frustrated and can't find Steve, his teammate, and now boyfriend. He kicks a can on the edge of the sidewalk, damn it! He turns around to see that the can stopped in front of the bakery, it is almost ironical since he and Steve used to go often that place, Steve loved the apple pie they served. Tony sighs at the memory. Shit, he is even talking about Steve in the past. He is a pessimist and he does not know how to deal with bad news.
How are you dealing with a pandemic? Honestly, Writing is the only thing that is turning this quarantine bearable for me.
Tony had to walk for a bunch of other warehouses before he reaches the one that FRIDAY indicates the call was made. At first, it looked like an ordinary warehouse, then Tony saw guards in their post at the entry, they carried rifles and other advanced weaponry. Tony saw vehicles parked on the left side of the place, from daily cars to big trucks, it looks that HYDRA is prepared for war.
"Oh, I don't think they made them anymore. That's a pity." Tony sighs nostalgically. "I loved it when I was a kid. I used to steal some before lunch without my mom knows, it drove her crazy." The brunet smiles sadly, and Steve can't hold the smile himself imagining a little Tony eating jellies gums hidden behind a door or under the table.
“Oh man,” Steve breathed out on the back of his neck when he slid out and more cum came out of Bucky’s hole.
They come out in a street with a few people walking to only one direction, to the right. And that's exactly the direction that Steve takes. They are not running anymore, they turn the next two corners to the left mixing with the crowd in the seashore, losing the officers from their sight.
"Yes, it is," Steve sighed "SHIELD found me in the ice, then I-I joined The Avengers Initiative, a project designed to reunite the most remarkable people on Earth. Well, that what Fury used to say," The last sentence Steve mumbled to himself. "So we could fight what they can't."
“Steve Rogers,” the woman completed for him. “I know. I’m aware. Ms. Romanoff will see you soon. You can wait there,” she pointed to a place where benches were placed along with plants in the hallway. Steve nodded in understanding and went to sit next to where the woman indicated him. He looked to the door and the signal with Natasha’s name next to it. Steve felt his stomach clenching with the anxiety.
“My fiancée proposed to me two weeks ago,” when the confusion didn’t disappear from Steve’s face, Wanda continued. “She has good taste, don’t you think?”
Now, it's official. This fic will have between 10-11 chapters for sure. I'm going to start writing chapter 7 this week.
"Well, not my fault if you let your thing everywhere. Your jacket was on the floor, I caught it and this tube fells. It was luck that it didn't break."
Peter follows her and they hear Pepper saying to the boy fix his hair while she took care of Morgan. They gave each other an accomplice smile, then Tony reaches his hand out to Steve.
“You can only upload the pictures on this specific computer, Steve. I’m sorry, we have to ensure the safety of our brand. We do not want any photos leaked before the collection is launched,” Natasha explained. Steve tapped on the table. He didn’t like it but there wasn’t anything he could do about it, and it seemed like the only restriction so far.
She flips through the book, smoothing the yellowed pages. It looks like a very important book for Steve, he must have read and reread it a thousand times, it looked quite used, there are marks all over the book, toothbrush cream, coffee and even sauce marks. She looks at the book affectionately. Then, an envelope falls from inside the book.
"Well, even though I love this idea, that's not what I was thinking." Tony smirk. "It's about the Tesseract, we need to keep it in a safe place till we got the particles.
"It's a bunker, it's fortified and safe, also, it's unknown, it doesn't appear in any documents, it's on my family for generations,. It was built before World War I," Steve nods seeing Tony puts the briefcase in the middle of a shelf with a lot of old metallic pieces, the briefcase would easily pass unseen for someone who isn't looking for it. Steve must looks concerned because Tony says. "Don't worry. No one comes down here for years, maybe decades, and it'll remain like this. Let's go?" Tony tilted his head in the door's direction.
“Huh,” Natasha stands up, joining the papers on the desk. “Are you okay with that?” Steve nodded. “What I mean, Steve, is Tony bothering you in anyways? Are you feeling obligated to go out with him just because he’s a star? ‘Cause, you don’t have to. We’ve talked about it before. I don’t want any of you to get out of this hurt.”
Tony feels the tears rolls down his cheeks, tasting the salty liquid on his lips, then tasting Steve's own tears when he kisses him.
As expected, they didn’t take long, coming at the same time. The sync is always unbeatable for both of them. Steve spilled inside him, filling him up as his thrusts started to slow down, his cum coming out of Bucky’s hole and dripping onto his thighs. The soldier jerked off in Steve’s hands, white strips of semen falling on his knuckles and smudging the back of the couch. A mess, a complete mess they just have done.
"The woman in the elevator, she called security when I was coming out," Steve affirms. A light seems to turn on inside of Tony's mind, like the mention of the woman had awakened something, a light of recognition crosses his eyes.
“Easy, soldier,” Tony mumbled between their kisses, though Tony doesn’t make anything to help him when the brunet bites his lower lip.
Then, Tony put his best face on, Steve didn't have to know that he was hurt. They're nothing. Steve didn't owe any explanation to him and the soldier already have broken Tony's heart a few times, this wasn't different, even though it hurts the same way. Also, Tony remembered himself, he is good hiding his feeling, he had done it a thousand times and no one ever noticed or cared about, well, except for Natasha, that triple imposter seemed to know more about him than himself. So, Tony stepped forward.
The first agent comes in Tony's direction, something in his hand. He tries to punch Tony but he dodges easier than he thought. The other two agents go for Steve.
He walks down the street looking for other security cameras, anything that can help him to find Steve. He feels his phone chimes in his pocket. Tony frowns confused. This is not supposed to happen, mobile telephones are not even available in this time, how can this be happening? He takes the phone staring at the unknown number calling him.
"For this, for these moments, for everything." Steve smells Tony's perfume in the crock of his neck, inhaling his scent.
Then, in a blink, Steve is moving. Walking as fast as he can without seeming that he is almost running, dodging the people dancing on the hall and those staggering due to drunkness and unable to handle another stupid drink but keep drinking regardless of their condition.
Steve was staring at him, pale, a frowning of concern between his brows, his lips in a thin line. He puts a hand on Tony shoulder just like he did last night.
weird, Tony thought. He fell in love with Captain America! And Steve has just said that he had a crush on Tony, that was unbelievable. Perhaps, if they knew about each other's feelings sooner, they could've been together a long time now, perhaps the Civil War wouldn't have happened, a lot of things could've been different if they only knew. But the past can't be changed, they could only move on now, a fresh start. Perhaps, when they fix what Thanos did, when they bring everyone backs, they can give themselves a chance.
Tony shakes his head, bursting into laughter all of sudden, though his laughter is not enough to draw attention to them, which Steve is thankful for. He can’t help the grin that appears on his face either. They were really dumb, aren’t they? They certainly needed to improve their communication.
Also, I'm already planning other fics, promise I'll post a SteveTony one-shot soon, and the next long fic will be around Doctor Strange and Wanda Maximoff.
"Hail HYDRA, Captain." He says starting to convulse and drooling, and then his eyes are glassy. He's dead.
“I’m happy for you, Tony,” Steve said, brushing his fingers against Tony’s hand slightly. Tony gave Steve the cutest smile the blond had ever seen. “I’m glad you took this decision for yourself.”
He observes that scene for a moment, trying to memorizing every detail, a smile still on his face. Then, Morgan’s eyes fell on him and she opens a bright and sweet smile at his sight.
"Well, you said he left two weeks ago, these events don't take long. Perhaps, he's already back, but didn't come to the base." The soldier doesn't reply, instead, Steve watches Tony eating carefully, even so, he hasn't finished his own meal, when the brunet finishes it, he called the waitress. Tony frowns and nods to the blond's meal, but Steve just waves off, he wasn't so hungry, anyway. The waitress brings the bill and both men take out their wallet.
Tony smiles at Steve's answer while he finishes the bandages on his shoulder, even the blond can't help but smiles. Tony leans and drops a sweet and tender kiss on Steve's lips. Deep down he was relieved for Steve being safe. Tony moves away, but Steve pulls him back for another kiss, this one is needy and smooth as they haven't kissed a long time. It's warm and sweet, and Tony can't get enough of it.
"I found this in our kitchen counter." Tony hands the folder to Steve. "Hydra is doing experiments in humans, modifying their DNA to enhance them, and apparently, working in human cloning."
The hallway was empty. Tony got in and closed the door behind him, in the meanwhile Steve walks to the corner of the hallway, both sides were almost empty, there are some women working in a room, and two men talking while they ate their brunch, they were too distant and too distracted to notice Steve.
Bucky agreed. They certainly could do this all day because of the high stamina levels proportionated by the serum. They could fuck all day without having to worry about a refractory period. Fuck all-day long. They certainly should try it anytime. Bucky chuckled with the thought of Steve fucking him all day long, keeping him full all the time. It sounds like a dream. A dream that he wanted to make come true anyday.
Steve was in front of the Stark Tower at 04 p.m. He sent a text to Tony who only answered with a winky face, apparently, Tony’s favorite emoji according to the bunch of messages they’ve sent each other those past weeks.
It doesn’t take long to Steve comes after that, Tony's wall milking him dry, and his knot swells, stretching Tony’s hole even more before Steve comes hot inside of Tony, his knot locking them together. Steve lets his head rests against Tony’s chest and the Omega drops a gentle kiss, stroking his blond hair. They really need to get back to the tower before Tony hits the second wave of heat.
. He needed to tell Tony about his feeling, as soon as possible, he needed to confess it, otherwise, this lack of knowledge about Tony's own feelings would drive him crazy.
Steve rubs his hand back and forth on Tony's back, sighing sadly. The genius, generally, didn't open up to anyone, Steve can't remember a single time that Tony has talked about his parents this freely, but it was nice to see that Tony was willing to confide a part of his past to him, even though he didn't deserve it, Tony was willing to trust him again.
Steve pulls over the car in front of the garage and takes his phones to check if there are any messages, nothing, in the background the radio starts to play a modern punk song, which makes the blond smiles and rolls his eyes. He turns it off before step out of the car and take the groceries in the trunk. It was a bit later in the night, probably 9:30 p.m., well he doesn’t usually get that late at home, but when he realized the grocery was almost empty he had to go to the supermarket, otherwise, no breakfast in the morning.
Tony reached the hotel lobby and one of the staff led him to the restaurant where he spotted Steve, because Captain America is not the kind of guy that pass unnoticed. Tony pulls a chair in front of Steve and sits down, the blond puts look at him upon the newspaper, then a waiter approaches of their table, putting a plateau filled with scrambled eggs, bacon, pancakes, and cinnamon rolls, the man served them black coffee indicating the sugar on the plateau, in case they needed it, both men thank him and the waiter leaves. Steve puts the newspaper aside and folds it.
Steve chuckles looking defeated. Tony frowns, that wasn't exactly the reaction he had expected from the blond.
“You feel so damn good, Buck,” Steve groaned, moving to wrap his hand around Bucky’s cock, pulling out another shamless moan from the dark-haired. “I can do this all day.”
A few minutes pass until Bruce joins her in the room. He is sipping his tea quite peacefully, which annoys her a little bit. She is fucking worried about her friends.
Closing the trunk, he turns on his heels making his way to the front door, a weak glow coming from inside due to the lights. Outside, the fresh wind passing through the trees smells exactly like when the rain hits the ground, bringing up that delicious scent. Steve takes a deep breath filling his lungs with this wonderful scent, it might rain during the night. It smells like home.
." Steve laughs, that's pretty accurate and sounds exactly like Natasha. "Bruce will give us a shy smile, then pats us on the back and congratulates us." It looks like Tony knows their teammates pretty well.
“That’s a pity. You could make money with this pretty face,” Natasha patted his cheek, and Steve was sure he was blushing in a scarlet tone now. “I sent you an e-mail this morning.”
"I'm Thomas Pierce. I'm sure you'll know how to find him." That's all the man says before hanging up.
“Great. You’re seeing Fury with some other right there?” Steve acquiesced. “And our partnerships there? We really need pictures of them, they make a big difference supporting this event.”
"Why don't we take these?" Tony says holding a large and colorful cereal box. Steve frowns holding a bottle of milk.
"That's not the story, there is much more." Steve frowned. Tony chuckles balancing his head negatively, and Steve just prepared himself for the sarcastic sentence that will come next.
His consciousnesses faded again. The boy was too exhausted to move and stay awake. He passed out ounce more.
“It’s more than likely that he went to somewhere similar. Maybe an alternate dimension of some sort. All we have to do, is find which one.”
A cough caught everyone's attention. Toni still stood in the same plave, but was looking at the group with steely eyes. On her face was her trademark smirk, and she walked to the head of the table where Rhodey and Steve where. They were on opposite sides, fitting.
Oh god. When she turned to respond, her heart ached to see the watery eyes of Peter. He was very familiar with The Scarlett Witch and her powers. His face, however, was stern and left no room for argument. No matter what Toni said, Peter would still follow her. The boy was fiercely protective over her for some reason.
happening. All the battle must've been making him hallucinate, right? The dust was just dirt. Nothing else. He was just going to catch him.
"What the fuck..." Toni whispered to herself. Of course, this was Wakanda, a place of advanced technology. Why would they need to use a knob when they can use a screen? At least the shower hear looked somewhat normal. Barely.
"Time to unalive you." With that, he pulled the safety off and aimed at the trembling men. Funny. Then, he pulled the trigger. One. Two. And now he had two corpses. Grasping his middle, he collapsed into a fit of laughter and sobs. This would be his life now.
Shaking the worried thoughts from her head, Toni smirked, "Nah, kiddo. But what are you guys mad at him for? Must've been pretty serious."
"See it wasn't that hard!" Eddie wrapped an arm around Toni's shoulder's, the other on her stomach. "You truly are a great mother. " She put her head on the shorter woman's shoulder as she looked at Peter. The baby looked up at both of them and his eyes lit up with content. He even smiled a bit, spilling some milk on his onesie. Tears started to form in Toni's eyes. Whenever she looked at Peter, a hole in her filled. She thought she didn't have a heart.
“I know, we have a lot to catch up on, but we don’t have the time to do that. Put your grudges aside because we have more important things to focus on.” Her words were cold and like steel. It succeeded in making everyone shut up and pay attention. Even Wade gave his full attention, not making any witty remarks or jokes.
He went into the elevator and clicked on the button with Captain America’s shield on it. Something in his gut told him not to trust that man. It didn’t take long for him to find the man, he was just staring at all the pictures on the wall.
in her arms. Even though she wasn't with Peter during the attack, being too busy in stopping the attackers, the engineer knew something bad happened. Maybe it was with Wade, for the boy looked deathly ill when Toni saw him. That, and the bombing was
"Pfft. Anyways," She pulled away to look up at her Other, "Maybe it would be nice to have some kiddies to be running around. What do you think?" Her hand gently cupped Venom's face. The oaf was wearing a suit that became ruined the second they put it on. Goo and clothes don't work out well. Still, Eddie thought her Symbiote looked like the most handsome person in existence.
When Wade woke up, he was alone. The tight straps had been taken off of him. There was no signs of anyone being near or around him. No sounds. Nothing. His mind was completely empty. He couldn't think nor feel. That doctor. That monster. On shaky legs, Wade stood up, only to immediately collapse.
Richard had one through his torso, May had on through her chest, Ben had one through his neck, and Mary had one through her left arm. Ben was already dead. The sound of Richard’s raspy voice broke her trance like state.
She summoned her head plate again and shot the man from behind. Toni Stark always went above and beyond when it came to weapons.
For the next hour, they discussed their plan of attack. There would need to be several groups, each searching for Thanos with the dimension tracker.
"Will you two shut the fuck up?" The young mercenary huffed out. He quickly swung from bridge to bridge, not even coming close to the speed of Pete's. Wade already had is mask on as he did so.
“I love how you scream, little boy. So full of pain and terror. We will have some special fun in a bit.”
son, all their insults went to the boy. Wade took it with a fucking smile. He was used to it from everyone. Especially The Boxes. They were the only one who could truly break him. Nothing else could. At age eight, he was fully immune to the name calling. It wasn't like he didn't care, he did.
“Wait, what does this have to do with finding Thanos?” There was an army of glares aimed at Rogers. However, Toni just sighed.
”Alrighty, I got several hours before I have to meet with the others. Let’s do this.” Off to work she went.
“W-we a-are f-f-fine, b-but the P-P-Par-Parkers are still in there!” A shivering old women with a burn around her face said to her. She looked terrified, not for herself. For the Parkers. Wait.
He walked away when she let him go and she flipped him off as he turned back at her. She then saw him get into a helicarrier that was apparently waiting for him and sped away. No one saw the event. Accept for her.
He was about to scream when he heard the very specific ringtone he had for a certain spider. It was Peter.
It was easy to find where Clint was and set up a Quinjet. In minutes, Natasha was ready to go. She didn’t pack anything, knowing that it wasn’t necessary. Barton would come back, knowing he finally had a chance of getting his family back.
, but you didn't believe it." It still hurt. It hurt so much. Toni didn't realize she had stood up and walked over to the wall until she opened her eyes she had apparently closed.
“Darling, you ate an entire bag of tater-tots last night. Not to mention it was still frozen.” Her voice was muffled as her head stayed on the counter. Toni had to suppress a giggle. Unfortunately, the brief moment of peace was destroyed.
"Yep! They will be part of my... uhmm.. Oh! My army!" He waggled his little eyebrows and put on the biggest smirk she had ever seen. Ah, like mother like son. "You better watch out, hun!" Peter put his hand on his hips as he stood in front of Toni, who was still on the couch. His attempt at being Toni Stark, the master of snark, left her howling in laughter.
Those were the last words spoken before the mass genocide of half the planet ensued. A flash, and Thanos disappeared, leaving devastation in his wake. Everyone in Wakanda froze as the atmosphere turned grim and heavy. All adrenaline produced from battle disappeared. In replacement, a deep discomfort began to rise. Not one person in the entire land said a word. They  only stared at nothing. Only Thor's heavy breaths could be heard. They radiated anger and defeat, but he still hadn't said a word.  That was until a tired voice spoke.
"Oh gosh. Petey Pie you are going to replace me, " Toni gasped between her bouts of laughter, "I can't handle all of your power!"
As the two women walked around the facility, Natasha informed her on everything that has happened in the past few months. Needless to say, Toni was left speechless.
What's not to like? She got to spend an entire day with her son while making everyone else shell shocked. Any PTA mom that tried to say anything rude about anyone was promptly shut up whenever Toni Stark glanced in their direction. Those caked-face bitches always pissed her off to know end. Especially when it came to her son and Wade. Sometimes, they would try to get attention and say all the rumors about the monster that was Toni Stark and how horrible it must be for Peter to live with her. Or that Peter was such a brat or trouble maker because of his mom.
"Oh? You weren't actually asleep? Scandalous!" Toni bounced Peter up and down, getting a squeal of delight in  return. The boy giggled like crazy along with Toni herself.
child, Ned. The young boy was actually extremely kind and smart, a reflection of his golden-hearted father instead of his snake mother. He was a good friend of Peter, each of them bonding over their love of Legos and science. Hell, Ned befriended Wade by just being
“Hah! Yup, just a couple of fuck-ups who have lost everything.” She sighed. “I know how you feel, but you need to know it wasn’t your fault. Thanos is an asshole who could go fuck himself. You didn’t decide to kill billions of i-innocent fucking people. That was all him.” The short woman put her face in her hands and sighed.
Uhhh hello??!! It’s been forever?? Also, OVER ONE THOUSAND HITS???? THANK YOU SO MUCH <3  You guys are the reason I made this new chapter. Enjoy!
They woke up in the same room. Everything seemed untouched. Peter and Venom were still unconscious. When Toni looked behind her, she screamed.
"You were going to kill Bucky." Steve's response was immediate. He was so sure of himself that it made Toni's heart clench.
“We have a our teams, yay,” Toni did jazz hands, “Now, I advise that you guys start to train. Get out your pent up emotions on a punching bag. Or loosen up your muscles. Y’all are dismissed.” The engineer had to hide her surprise when she saw them follow her orders. Wowzers.
The Oscorp building  had been attacked by Hydra for the second time. Words could not describe the contempt she held for those monsters. They always managed to fuck up her life one way or another.  Toni was beyond pissed.
"Exactly! So that's what we are going to work on! Come with me!" The engineer grabbed Bruce's hand and dragged him outside. It was beautiful and bright, hidding the tragedy that occurred here. She ignored the scientist's pleads and whines the entire time. They found a spacious wide area, perfect for an angry green man.
“AND HE DOESN’T NEED TO.” Toni screamed at him. God, she already hated him. His self riotousness was going to send her into a riot. “Just go to your individual floors. Jarvis will help you.”
"Toni..." The super-soldier looked guilty and reached to comfort her out of instinct. She flinched away. Now, Rhodey was getting angry and to her side. Natasha was glaring daggers at Steve. Even she knew that he had crossed his boundaries.
Cries came from everyone. Eddie had her face buried in her hands. All the stress and grief wasn't good for her at all. Still, she wailed in pain. Words couldn't describe how much Eddie loved this boy. He was like her nephew. She knew what cancer was like. For over a year, she had it. Anti-Venom saved her life. The symbiote only could heal her, not anybody else. Eddie couldn't help but feel guilty about it.
Smoke filled the room. It was red. That's all Toni noticed before she collapsed. Venom did as well. Everything went black.
Also the new suit looks like a mix of the iron spider suit and a classic iron man suit. I’m sorry, I really suck at describing things ahhh
“H-hello? Anyone? Ned? MJ? Mom?!” Peter yelled into the empty abyss. Then, it was bright. So very bright.
The past few days had left Toni a wreck. She hadn't slept or eaten at all. Dr. Strange had been very patient with her the entire time. He regularly came in to check on Wade and Toni. Sometimes Peter, but Toni had to send him to Eddie's for the time being. It was a necessary yet painful decision.
At the same time, she wanted to be as far away from him as possible. The image of him smashing his shield over her body, telling her he knew of the murder of his parents. Or maybe the memories of being lost in Siberia with no Friday or working suit. The only reason she got back and not died of hypothermia was Peter. Sweet Peter. He actually didn't leave like he said he would. In reality, he had stayed to wait for his mom and followed her in secret. He actually lost her in the mountains and searched for hours until he saw the bunker.
Carnage was next to Peter, talking about their own adventures. How they would prank Peter or get revenge on him.
AAAAS I HAVE BEEN GONE FOR WAY TOO LONG! Also, OVER TWO THOUSAND HITS???!! Thank you all so much! I’ve never thought I would get anything more than ten hits.
Wade walked in with Venom around his neck. The teen looked pissed off and so did the Symbiote. It took everything he had not to punch everyone.
She lead them to an open area where the device was held. A few computers surrounded the area. “Today, we start our test run. We only have two Pym Particles to use. Bruce and I will be monitoring whoever volunteers.”
It looked better. Her brown, slightly curly hair seemed to glow, as if saying 'thank you' for finally fixing it.
A couple of grumbles were heard, but Toni and Nat gave a few glares to shut them up. Meanwhile, Scott was looking at the engineer in awe, stars in his eyes.
"Well I don't know! Maybe because Petey put a fish in my face!" After saying that, Wade held up a plastic bag with Jeffery, their pet goldfish, in Toni's face. "oh, and Carnage wants to join me for revenge."
The second Toni told her friend about adopting her son, Eddie went completely insane. She was all over the place during the call, screaming to her Other, Venom, about the information.
”Did you at least tell them?” The question was filled with so much loathing that everyone in the room tensed.
What she saw was the stuff of nightmares. There was a fire that seemed to be more than one color. People were screaming and running for their lives.
“We will be starting the next test run in three...two...one!” Another flash, and Scott disappeared and reappeared seconds later. This time, he looked a lot more depressed.
“I assume you could not sleep as well?” The woman jumped and looked at Thor. He was in a too small robe and had a strange dessert in front of him. Toni nodded and turned back to the machine.
Right now, they were on the couch, watching Disney movies. Peter was tucked into her side watching it happily. It was the only temporary distraction that worked on him. The boy was still too young to actually know what really happened to Wade.
It turned out Peter didn’t have any relatives at all. In addition, the baby had grown extremely attached to Toni. He would cry everyday, wanting to see her. Whenever she came, which was everyday, the boy would giggle and laugh so much that it made Toni laugh as well. Whenever, Toni left, he was back to crying. It finally hit the people at the orphanage that Peter has imprinted on her. She was his mother in his eyes and wouldn’t accept anyone else. In fact, he hates being held by anyone that wasn’t Toni.
Her once soft and somewhat done hair was knotted and looked worse than a rats nest. The sun-tanned skin the  Italian-Hispanic woman had was a sickly pale color. From being in space with barely any food and water also took a toll on her body. Her cheeks were a bit hollowed out, her arms had lost some muscle mass, her legs were gangly and weak, and she just looked all around terrible. That wouldn't do.
Toni felt everything and nothing at the same time. It made no sense, but that was the only way to describe how she felt. It took her quite a while to realize that she was on a ship because she was to busy wailing. In fact, she still was. Although she wasn't actually vocal about it, she knew how loudly she was screaming at herself. Like always, Toni knew that it would be blamed on her. What wasn't, honestly? The accords, Ultron, everything. People looked at Toni to place blame on. She took it. Every time, she was the one working hard and putting money to fix the mess
“Are you alright, Starky?” The familiar nickname brought a faint smile to her face. Sitting back up, she looked at Wade. He was pale, his eyes were red, there were bags under his eyes, and he looked like he hadn’t eaten anything for days. An emptiness that Toni wasn’t prepared to see was in his eyes.
Thank you so much for you kind words and comments. They really keep me going. Once I’m done with this Fic, I’ll make another one for prompts and that kind of stuff. Enjoy and thank you for reading!
"No. A team of crime fighting superheros. People who will save the world. Face it, you know that this world isn't safe. There are alien invasions and all sorts of fuckery everywhere. So us at S.H.I.E.LD. would appreciate it if you would join."
Peter was struggling in school, having panic attacks and lashing out at teachers and students every day. He was suspended for a month when he punched a boy named Flash Thompson so hard that he slammed into the lockers and bent them. However, Toni couldn’t find herself to be mad. She was worried at Peter’s raw strength.
So as Toni woke up at 4 A.M. in her bed with two snoring children clung to her sides, she smiled. The alarm Peter had set on Toni's phone blared through the room, Let It Go filling the space. Neither boys woke up. Of course, Toni turned it off and got out of bed to get ready.
Peter hummed the tune to himself and rocked himself back and forth. He needed to hear his Ma’s voice. It was always reassuring and grounding.
"Steve, wait." Time to face her fears. The super soldier froze and slowly turned to look at Toni. His blue eyes held sadness and so much guilt. She had to tear her eyes away. Rhodey still hadn't gotten up, knowing Toni all too well. She would need the support.
"Mmm. Wut time issit?" Her son slurred. Peter rubbed his eyes and gasped when he realized where he was. He immediately woke up and slipped off of Toni's lap, sitting next to Wade. "How long was it out?" The seven-year-old pouted.
The woman glared back. This ass. Still, he had a point. There had been more attacks recently and more pressing events. Like fucking Captain America being alive? At least she already new about it. She had eyes as well. Although, this man really seemed to know his stuff. Toni had a feeling that this man
"What the kid said is true. Thanos is still out there. Maybe catching a wave or drinking a beer somewhere, I don't know nor care." Toni's voice boomed in the empty halls. "When our loved ones turned to dust, we thought they were gone forever. That's not the case." The woman stood even straighter and pulled out a bracelet she was gifted.
"Thanos is not dead. He is most likely on a desolate dimension or planet. I do not have the patience to specify where he is, but that is my best estimate. You all should start getting ready for this battle. We will succeed. I will be in my lab if you need assistance." With that, Shuri nodded at the heros and walked off. Her blunt, determined words struck a cord in all of them. They had been standing around clueless for much too long.
"I AM GOING TO MURDER YOU PETER!!!" At the same time, Wade and Carnage ran into the living room looking for their friend. They each paused when they say Toni on the couch with a lazy expression.
“Aw, Pointbreak, it was nothing. I’m sorry it took so long. I had to study three different sciences. Magic, Wakandan, and Hank Pym’s Chicken scratches.”
The team went a bit silent. It was a bit awkward, and Toni really didn’t want to be here. No one else ordered a drink, so Toni poured two glasses of red wine for herself and Bruce.
Wade flinched but nodded. So, there he worked, helping out as many civilians as he could in a daze. Petey would have been proud. However, Peter wasn't even on Earth anymore nor was Toni. It shook him to the core. Especially when he saw people screaming again after several hours later.
Before she could finish the job, she heard Peter start to cry. His head was hidden, shielding him from the sight in front of him. She could hear his stomach growl. Of course he would be hungry, the poor kid.
Once in the car, Pepper immediately started to fix her hair and makeup. Being in such a rush, Toni could only put her wet hair in a messy bun and get some basic makeup on.
The boy flinched at the loud voice of his uncle. His tendrils reached into the space, looking for him. Peter moved closer towards the tendril and let it envelop him as it pulled him out of the room. He was met with the worried but relieved face of Venom. Without hesitation, he threw his arms around him and started to cry, scared to death. Quickly, Venom reentered the safe-room the staff had lead them to, still covering Peter with a protective shield.
No one really spoke to each other. All that Bruce did was work with Toni and check in with the others. Nobody went near Wade and Venom, for the two were on edge and ready to strike. Wade constantly muttered to himself, and it wasn't to Venom. Five times in a row, he had aimed a gun to Steve's head whenever he commented on their situation. It was clear that people were getting impatient. Not with everything going on.
“Alright, good. Awesome. Banner, let’s fire it up again. Scott, is that okay? You can change out of that suit if you want.”
“It worked. I-I s-s-saw my daughter.” The man gave a watery smile at them and wiped his eyes. “I should go get changed.” With that, he walked away, head in his hands.
With that, the woman stormed out of the room to go into her own. Everyone looked at Steve to see what he had to say. He said nothing, so neither did they.
“Sorry. Toni, there have been sightings of Thor in New York. Director Fury wants us to go on a mission to find him. His brother, Loki, has also been seen. We’re actually leaving tomorrow.”
”Hah! We were. Not anymore though. Well, it’s been nice talking to you-“ Just then the engineer got up and tried to walk away. A strong hand held her back.
”If anyone of us will survive, it will be him. Please, Toni.” Mary’s voice was so faint, the woman almost couldn’t hear it. She turned towards the woman and bent down.
When Toni headed outside to get suited up, she was met with a crimson suit with streaks of gold metal along it. Like Jarvis said, it was sleek and form fitting. She didn’t have the time to examine the suit any further.
Still, it will be more than worth the many sleepless nights spent for Toni. It was a lot of work, but she had to do it. There was no turning back now.
"Toni! Oh my god!" It was Rhodey. The moment she stepped out of the vehicle, her beloved friend sprinted towards her. Toni followed suit. She ignored the pain and exhaustion she felt and kept running. Soon enough, she was pulled into a familiar embrace and began to shake again. A warm hand rubbed her back as she trembled.
“I hope they do get together. It would hit Steve right in the dick and let me win a bet with Peter!” The merc couldn’t help but smile at the thought of seeing Peter pout and give Wade five bucks. Words couldn’t describe how happy he was to get his baby boy back.
"What has happened to her?" Thor asked sullenly. The god was confused by her actions but also concerned. She looked worse than everyone. Dust was on her, she had blood oozing slightly out of her many wounds, there was a worryingly large gash in her torso, and she looked like she would crumble to pieces any second. He knew he had missed out on quite a bit. Probably too much. The atmosphere was too tense, not at all like the familiar one he had grown so used to.
"Alright. I'll do it. On a few conditions." She stood up and summoned her suit with a touch of her bracelet. "You leave my family the fuck alone, don't keep secrets from me, and let me know everything that you plan to do before anyone else. Got it? Because I will not hesitate to kill you right now if you lie or take advantage of me." Her gauntlet was right against his temple, ready to fire at the slightest movement.
The combined voice of the couple boomed through the call. It didn't sound mad though, only extremely overjoyed.
I’m so sorry for how horrible this chapter is. And the long wait. School has taken all my time. I started losing inspiration for this Fic. Being the idiot that I am, I began more fics based on the random ideas I got.
”Yes, miss, all other heat signatures look like inanimate objects. They must be the last people in there.”
“Spiderman! Stand down, that is an order. If you don’t, I will have to send you outside.” The pleading look from Toni finally made Peter stop. He nodded apologetically at her and glared at the others. Wanda looked livid. Her hands were shaking in anger and were sparkling with red.
There was a silence between the three. It was heavy with grief and sorrow. However, Toni Stark was a person of many words. She wrapped the teenager in a hug.
Getting out of the shower, Toni looked at herself again. Still boney and worn, but a bit better. Her hair felt soft and clean, and her skin felt healthy and smooth. However, she couldn't stand her hair. Not one bit.
“Six stones, three teams, one shot,” was what Toni had said to them. And, now, they were all heading towards the time travel device. They all circled circled around it and put their hands together. Steve looked at them, and his old leader voice came back.
The two women continued to talk for a bit until a teacher finally came out to tell everyone to get on the bus. All the kids screamed in excitement and ran in. Being the celebrity that she is, people reserved her a seat in the back for her boys and 'company'. It wasn't necessary to give her the best seat in the house for her and Eddie, but she appreciated the effort. No kids were there to scream in their ears, for they all wanted to go into the front. Toni sighed and walked into the vehicle.
“I apologize Dr. Stark for this news. The MRI scan revealed some abscesses in Wade’s brain. They’re tumors most likely. His mother died from brain cancer according to our records. So, there is a definite chance that it’s the same with him.” The neurosurgeon looked at the woman. “We can perform surgery to remove and test said abscesses. It is risky, however.”
It smelled like lavender and vanilla, much like her own shaving cream at home. The Razer was sharp and left her skin extremely smooth. After she shaved her whole body, she grabbed the another clear object that had a white lotion inside and put that on. She rubbed and rubbed the cream into her skin, rubbing it raw. It felt good though. The engineer felt too dirty after entering Wakanda. Finally, she reached for the last bottle, hopefully conditioner. Then she stopped. The smell.
“Psh. No need to get so defensive. She’s a whore and we all know it.” Everyone else chuckled except for Steve.
She didn’t need any help getting to her destination. The woman had gone their so many times that it was engraved in her memory.
The blob like head of Venom snaked out of Eddie's right shoulder. His opalescent eyes were focused on the screen as he spoke. His small needles for teeth were shown in his supportive smile. Eddie's smile was so bright, the sun could be put to shame.
The next chapter will come soon! I assure you! The events in endgame will happen in this Fic as well! Although, not all of them will. I won’t reveal which aspects though.
"Ms. Stark? Your order is ready." The young teen working the register popped his head through the door.
"Yup! Revenge." Toni looked at her giant friend and smiled. Hulk roared in excitement and picked her up. Then, they were running back to the castle.
Soon enough, Wade began vomiting into the bowl. Again, it was his blood. It took everything Toni had to not scream or cry. Next to her, Peter was trying to comfort Wade by rubbing his back and talking to him. Wade’s eyes grew red and puffy and the tips of his fingers and toes looked purple. The mist had made it a tad bit easier to breathe. Still, he could feel himself drifting in and out of consciousness.
"Well you two got ready quickly." She raised an eyebrow teasingly. "Were you two that excited?" Promptly, Toni finally added the water and began to mix it up with a whisk. It quickly became a nice batter and was ready to cook after a few more seconds of mixing. The short woman lifted the bowl off the counter.
Everyone grieved. Peter began to wail and scream, Carnage sobbed, Eddie began to hyperventilate, Venom had shut down, and Toni Was silent.
”Shut it, Cap. You should damn-well know why we’re here. We got the message from Toni and these ladies,” he gestured toward Shuri and Okoye, ”helped us get here as soon as possible.” He never sounded so serious.
Everyone nodded in agreement to his statement. Even Steve did. They all looked coldly at her. This wasn’t the first time, but it still hurt. It didn’t matter how she felt though. Like she’s always done, Toni put up a front and composed herself.
”Even though all of them were heavily damaged from Obahdia Stane’s attack, they are up and ready now. They just needed more time to charge.”
"It's been eighty-four years." Wade put on a raspy, old voice and pretended to stroke his imaginary beard. The shorter boy gasped dramatically. Soon enough, the two were in a full blown discussion about aging, time travel, the Titanic, and god knows what else.
"So, what are we going to do about Thanos?" Natasha's quiet voice cut through the silence like a knife. The people around her tensed, but not of fear.
Next to him was Wade, the oldest of the group. Well, Carnage aged faster because of his symbiotic side, but Wade was still older in years. The Canadian always had band-aids on him and literally on him from the many accidents he gets himself into. His eyes were a hurricane of blue and always held an excitement to them. His crazy blonde hair was always messy and usually had a clip or two in it just because. Toni and Eddie might have braided his hair a couple times because of how adorable Wade looked and how much the boy loved it. Just maybe. Still, there was always worry over the energetic four year old. He had major schizophrenia which was diagnosed by Bruce. His parents couldn't afford it nor want to know why their son was always talking to himself and had random bursts. At least, that was what Wade had said. He had two voices in his head, which he deemed 'The Boxes'. One was called Yellow, the crazier and more impulsive voice, and White, the colder and crueler voice. Each of them were a constant presence in Wade's head. He would only have a few minutes of solace from them. Usually, they were just annoying, but they would become much darker when needed.  Also, the boy constantly got sick and Toni usually cared for him during those times. Sometimes, she thought about adopting Wade, for he was at her house more often than not.
“And you all know what Steve did to Toni, right?” Rhodey’s voice was strained, trying to contain his anger. On the other hand, Toni shrunk in her seat and looked at Rhodey pleadingly. He gave her an apologetic smile and walked over to her at the head of the round table.
"That's a pile of bullshit Rogers and you know it." This time, Rhodey was the one who spoke in a brash, disgusted tone. Steve froze like a deer caught in headlights.
"Hello, my name is Antonia Stark. It is a pleasure to meet you." With that, she turned and walked off into the castle, Rhodey and Bruce following her.
“HELLO! IS ANYONE THERE?! I’M HERE TO HELP! PLEASE!” Her suit amplified her voice tenfold. Still, it sounded like a whisper because of the roaring flames.
“Wade, why do you have to go? We have spare rooms and you spend a lot of your time here anyways.” Even Toni tried to reason with him. Still, the boy was set on going to this ‘vacation’.
“Take good care of him. I know you’ll do amazing at raising him. It has to be you, there isn’t anyone else that I trust with him. Let him know that I love him. More than anything and that I’ll always be in his heart...” Her eyes closed as she took her last breath.
Peter, of course, named it himself. It was an album filled with pictures of the mother and son duo. Pictures of them in Disneyland, New York, even Peter’ School. Toni smiled at one where Peter had her red lipstick on and kissed her on the cheek as a prank. The two were smiling in the pictures, Peter having his eyes closed as he tried to stifle his laughter. On his right was Toni, his victim, who also had her eyes closed but had a big smile on her face. Toni made that photo her lock screen and sighed.
"Of course, miss." His voice held a clear amusement as he dialed the number. It only took a few  rings for the journalist to answer.
"I know. I kn-kn-know." Wade began to sob once more, beginning to hyperventilate. He felt like he was dying and running out of air. "M-MOMMY!" The boy screamed into the empty place. But his mom was gone. She died a long time ago. Wail after wail, and Wade fell deeper and deeper into his panic attack.
. His cries were heartbreaking, filled with terror. It was the most saddening thing Toni had ever heard. All she could do was rub Peter's back soothingly and card her fingers through his soft hair. Those were the most efficient ways in calming her young son down.
"Alright everyone! We are all going to separate into our assigned groups and enter this building. Remember to stay together and to keep your hands to yourself! Now, let's get going!" Again, the annoying voice of Linda was heard. Her words sounded condescending, as if all the kids and adults were complete idiots compared to her perfect self. Toni had to hide a scoff. How many doctorates or PhD's did Linda have? Did she have one on bullshit? Probably. Seriously, the woman preached about Christianity, anti-vaccinations, how gay people are negatively affecting the world and school, veganism, and the list goes on. It was evident that she only wanted the best for
”Please Stay. W-Wade.” The smaller boy began to cry. All this stress was too much for him to handle. Toni was quick to wrap an arm around him.
Its was a lazy Sunday morning. There was a three day weekend so Wade and Peter didn’t need to worry about high school. The teens were on the couch, watching YouTube videos.
Even though her room was barren, it had all the necessary things you'd find in a hotel room. So, she went into the bathroom for the first time in several days. Toni wasn't horrified by her ragged appearance. She'd seen it before countless times. Her eyes were blood shot and a bit puffy, probably from her crying all night. Accompanying them were a pair of heavy, dark bags under her eyes that could be mistaken for eyeshadow.
context.  “I'm always a slut for coffee and spumoni.” Tony says dreamily, grabbing Steve's wrist and all but dragging him towards a waiting car.
“The world must never again make the fatal error of mistaking compassion for weakness, and while I live it won’t.”  it didn’t feel like a victory, not really, but it felt like something.  As the Avengers made it to the warehouse he had beat Zemo back to speaking of their own victories, it felt like belonging, like a team he could truly be part of, a world he could be part of, even if it still hurt.
SHIELD picks that moment to show up-late as usual, but Steve has never been so happy to see agents swarming across the park towards them. Doom can't be carted off soon enough, he's already said too much if the thoughtful expression on Tony's face is anything to go by.
He knows of course that Steve is not perfect-the man lost seventy years, he has demons of his own-but Steve is just so
“Ugh, tell him to get stuffed.  New England, what does he take you for?”  It was an unspoken law-Steve was pretty sure it was actual New York state law-thou shalt not root for nor shall you attend in solidarity, a New England sporting event of any kind.
“Kay. Bed yes, sounds-” He yawns, jaw cracking with the force of it. Steve finds it oddly endearing.  “sounds nice mhmm.” Then he's asleep again, soft breaths that catch at the end pooling in the space between them.
“I can't believe I got woken up for this.” Tony grouches, circling at a wider distance as Thor begins gathering his lightening.
“I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have assumed.” Well now he felt like a heel. He still went and sat down on the couch near Tony, as close as he dared.
There was a little stick figure Iron Man drawn by the initials.  Steve couldn’t help but smile.  He supposed if he had to have lost seventy years, there was no one better to have found him.
feel. Tony, God, Tony, you, just looking at you makes me feel out of control.” Steve sounds wrecked already, his lips are kiss reddened, his hair disheveled from Tony running his fingers through the soft blond strands. He looks gone on it already, as if having Tony red faced and aroused on his lap is everything he's ever wanted. He's panting, eyes almost glassy as he leans up to steal another kiss. It's scorching hot, devouring, making his stomach flip with how quickly it spikes his arousal. “I've been trying so hard to hold back but you...can I touch you, can I?” Steve grits out, skimming his teeth over Tony's bottom lip, his hand pressing right
If someone had told Steven Grant Rogers that one day he would fall for a mouthy super-genius, billionaire who flew an armored suit to fight evil-he might have had a few choice words for them. That doesn't change the fact that it's true. He can't really pinpoint the moment it all solidified for him. Maybe it was before they fractured and came back together, maybe it was while watching Tony punch a dinosaur while wearing obsidian armor-maybe it's always been there just waiting for him to show up looking like that, and talking like that, and smirking in that way of his that makes Steve's stomach swoop.
“Still, I'm going to ask darling, we're going to talk about this.  I want you to love everything we do. Everything I do to you.” Tony winks at him more than a little salaciously, and Steve feels himself go red all over again.  He wishes he could control his expressions around Tony, but Tony seems to find it charming anyway, so he supposes it's not too terrible.
Moving through the mansion is second nature now, there's no need to look up. He's so engrossed in the article that he almost drops the magazine when JARVIS welcomes him into the workshop. Glass doors slide open with a soft whoosh of cool air. Steve
“Tones I don't want to leave but I'm actually supposed to be in Washington right now, I'll be around again though, I promise.” Tony feels like a promise from Rhodey is probably the kind people can take to the grave.
“C'mon guys, let's get back, Cap has a date.” Jan's voice disrupts his train of thought. Steve's ears pink slightly, but they're beneath he cowl, no one will ever be the wiser. He clips the shield across his back before piling into the quinjet with the rest of the non-fliers.
“Yeah I'm up, but I kind of don't want to be.” Tony says, then softer. “I was worried about you.” Steve kisses the top of Tony's head, rubbing his cheek over dark soft hair, carefully curling both arms around the warm body pressed all along his. Tony practically melts against him, sliding his arms under Steve's and around his back in a loose hug.
Tony attempts to move, but Steve just holds him still, watching with rapt attention as Tony chews his lower lip in frustration and stares him down in return. When he finally stills, Steve leans over him again, drawing him into long searching kisses that make them both gasp and pant into each others' mouths. For a moment he thinks Tony is going to ask for more, but he seems content to kiss and be kissed for the time being. They're both still hopelessly aroused-This pair of briefs he's wearing are going to either be tossed or need a thorough washing-but the desire to come has faded to a bearable awareness instead of an all consuming need.
sex on legs, three time sexiest man alive, don't you 'handsome' me old man.” Tony knows the haughty tone will get Steve's back up, and surely enough he snaps out of his previous seriousness to glare at Tony; the glare deepening when Tony can't contain his snickering.
With that thought, he stood up to change into some of the clothing he’d bought to work out in. Clint recommended the shorts, he didn’t understand why Jan had elbowed him in the side about it, they seemed just fine. Steve frowned, pulling them on, and topping them with one of Natasha’s picks, a pale blue shirt with the words American Made across the chest, and some little blue and white stars. It had made her smile, so he figured it was a good purchase. Some of those fancy new sneakers he’d seen at the athletic store were next. He contemplated strapping his shield to his back, but that seemed a little excessive, even for him.
Time passed on almost uneventfully after that.  Steve split his time as he always had, winter came and went, leaving behind a cough and a wheeze in his lungs that wouldn’t quit.  Hunger seemed to be there almost constantly, but the De Rossis insisted he come eat with them at least twice a week.  Times were rough, but Steve felt he was a lucky man, after all there were people who didn’t even have an apartment to come home to, or anyone to offer them a hug after a long crummy day.
Still, there are parts of Steve that hold out hope. Parts that still roll over and touch the empty side of the bed in the morning, parts that still wake up at three with the fleeting thought to go get Tony out of the lab, parts that still expect Tony to come strolling back into their lives as if he never left. Maybe it's not healthy, and maybe he should be moving onto the acceptance part of the grieving process, but Steve doesn't care. That tiny sliver of hope gets him out of bed in the mornings. It helps him stand under the weight of all the things he's lost. It's just enough to let him put on a brave face and focus on the mission. Whether that happens to be getting lunch or taking on a supervillain.
“So eager, my darling, I'm glad.”  Tony reaches for him when he crawls closer, curling his fingers in blond hair and giving it a light tug that makes Steve gasp.
His capillary beds don't seem to care about his dignity in the slightest. Tony hasn't blushed this much since he was a too shy little kid who used words even the adults around him had to look up. It's new, daunting, he's out of his depth but he doesn't want to stop.
“Well-” Steve starts slowly, hesitantly. “I guess I wouldn't like my first kiss with a fella to be because I'm under some spell.”
“Oh. Don't mention it Steve.” Tony, always so quick to brush off compliments. “You made it good too.” He adds, after a moment of silence.  “For me. You made this-” He clears his throat, kissing Steve's cheek. “Dad always hated this time of year, I spent a lot of time alone while he and mom went off to wherever. This was nice. Really nice.”
“It did, you wanna pick up where we left off?” Steve asks, and Tony just smiles, scratching short nails over Steve's scalp and laughing when he tells him he's not to stop under any circumstances.
“Tony I don’t want an appointment at the VA.” It came out sharper than intended. Tony put his phone down, his eyes were wide, upset. God he was really acting like the back end of a donkey, wasn’t he. “If they fit me in, that’s another vet’s spot I’m taking.” He said quietly. “Who knows how long it’d be before that vet got another appointment. There’s alphas and betas out there needing help way more than Captain America.”
“What's in my chest?” He whispers again, eyes wild even as he tries to relax into the gentle touches attempting to sooth his obvious distress. He doesn't know these people, but he
Steve stops him, grabbing his chin with a gentle but inexorable grip to tilt his head back so their eyes meet. “There's nothing wrong with you.” Steve says, and the graveness, the sheer
“I haven't, wasn't something I really had time to explore, but I knew enough to know the idea interested me.” Steve doesn't even hesitate, even if he does get a little bit more red around the ears. Tony is impressed.
“Oh yeah, right as rain, good as ever.”  He sounded a little shaky, Steve slung an arm over his metal shoulders.
“Touch me however you like, m'all yours.” Tony whispers, and Steve leans over him, curving a hand around his neck to tip his head back. Brown eyes blink open hazily, only to close again when Steve moves in, twisting over him to take his mouth in a slow, languid kiss that makes his nerves buzz with awareness.
“Steve are you...” Tony trails off when their eyes meet. He shakes his head, muttering something Steve just
“Mmm, okay, gotta, get ready for you Cap.” Tony murmurs, but he sounds a little breathless. Steve lets him go though, watching him intently as he saunters over to the bathroom door.  “Don't go anywhere Steve.” He's clearly aiming for coy, but the words are tinged with uncertainty.
“Much?” Jan questions; the HUD of the armor shows her to be buzzing around Gravitron's head, shooting off energy blasts and distracting him enough that the Ferris wheel wobbles in a way Tony tries and fails not to be worried about. A Ferris wheel shouldn't be this heavy, but the thing seems to have been packed solid, gravitational maps confirm that an unknown force here alters the pull of gravity, rattling the ground beneath it, and weakening the soft earth beneath the heavy slab of concrete.
”  Tony growls, all big brown eyes and affront.  Steve sets his feet on the mats, but even his strategically inclined brain is not prepared for the sight of Tony flipping his shirt up beneath his underarms, baring the whole of his chest to stroke over his own skin.  “Look at my nipples Cap!” Tony crows, and Steve really is looking, but instead of offering an opening for Tony to get a hit in, it just ends up encouraging Steve to tackle him back onto the training room floor. He goes down with a loud 'ooomph', struggling in Steve's grasp immediately; all that warm skin pressed up against Steve far too enticingly.
touching him, it feels like a revelation, pleasure spiraling up through his body, leaving him feeling as if he might melt right into Steve's arms, his body unable to hold itself up as Steve makes him gasp and his thighs shake.
“Baby,”  One of the betas sighed, she was the oldest of the group it looked like, her curls were starting to come down, and her lipstick was smudged, but Steve still thought she was a real doll, “what are you gonna protect us from, you’d just get yourself roughed up and then we’d all feel bad.  Get outta here, go home, we’re copacetic okay.”
“Hey thanks, real swell of you, I just,”  Steve struggled to put it into words, his gratitude, and what he wanted, but he couldn’t.  He couldn’t ask anything more of Iron Man, he’d already asked for enough.  He was letting Steve stay in his house for Chrissakes.  “Thanks, you’re a real pal, I’m lucky you all found me.”  He looked up at Iron Man, who had gone utterly still for a moment.  He tucked the blanket over Steve’s arm and squeezed his shoulder.
some poetic portion of his brain supplies.  “Has anyone ever told you you're an amazing artist? I mean, you play the piano something gorgeous, but this, this is a different kind of art.” He can't help the admiration from leaking into his tone, and he doesn't want to.  Tony stills, eyes going wide and snapping over to stare at him. Steve smiles at the look of surprise aimed his way, gesturing at the scene around them.  “You made this right?” He asks, the question more perfunctory than anything else.  Tony nods, silent and seemingly dumbstruck.
He was grimly satisfied to be sent on missions within the United States after that.  There were spies holed up within their cities, state officials and people who played at being innocent civilians.  Steve took no pleasure in killing people, but these were Nazis, people who sought to destroy societies, to commit mass genocide and acts of evil so vile that Steve wondered how they could call themselves human at all.
as he reaches back with one hand, hooks a finger in the thong, and spreads himself apart. There's a plug nestled snugly within his body. Steve knows his fingers have to be digging bruises into Tony's thighs, but he can't stop staring. The base of the plug has his shield emblazoned on it.
.” Some of Tony's usual bravado is creeping back into his voice, but he still sounds wobbly and awestruck. Steve is happy to hear it though, that Tony liked the flowers, and happier when Tony steps up into his space and lets Steve hold him, squeezing the blooms between their bodies.  It's loud, the gold tissue crinkling between them, but it's perfect anyway. Then Tony is off, putting the flowers in a vase and busying himself with diagrams of Steve's new uniform, seemingly trying to regain his composure. Steve can relate.
The letter felt like it was burning a hole in his pocket as he walked through the hallways towards a now familiar classroom.  The school was busy and buzzing with activity as ever, but Steve paid no mind to the noise around him.
“You look like her.” Tony said quietly, a small smile on his face that spoke of some bittersweet emotion. He wondered what Tony’s ma’ had been like. “Can you tell me about her?” Tony asked, hushed and hesitant, but he scooted close once more while Steve picked up the glass encased painting.
“Trade you one of my reindeer for one of your snickerdoodle penguins.” Steve feels it's a fair trade, but Tony turns to look at him, eyes narrowing slightly.
Steve doesn't have time to ponder on the strangeness of that statement before JARVIS is speaking again; voice crisp and concise as it always is-even when he's wearing Iron Man's voice and piloting the armor no doubt.
Europe was far more embattled than the states, which were kept safer by their isolation.  There was very little time to rest.  They were needed everywhere at once it seemed, moving from one mission to the next with an unstoppable velocity.  His alpha rushes became more pronounced, one bleeding into another until he could rest back at camp, wherever that was at the time.  Cold and shivering in his tent with a water bottle made hot by the fire and wrapped in whatever spare fabric he could find, Steve thought again of what it might have been like to have an omega curled around him.  He imagined it might be warm, that it would feel like laying in the sunshine on the first day of summer.  It didn’t need to be sexual either, it just would have been nice, to feel himself relax, to be able to fall into a deep dreamless sleep where the slightest sound didn’t rouse him to his feet like the walking dead.  Steve said nothing though, his wounds healed quickly, he could never fall ill, he was a good protector at last, everything an alpha should be, complaining that there was no one to cuddle hardly seemed like a matter of national security.
In the distance there were sirens.  Steve pulled some zip ties from one of his belt pouches and jogged over to bind Mole Man's arms behind his back.  There were much better restraints, but he didn’t think Mole Man was coming to anytime soon.
Jan finds him there, curled against the wall with the flowers in his lap, hugging them close and staring out at nothing. “They're from Steve right?” Jan says brightly, but her approach is cautious. Tony doesn't blame her, he probably looks like a mess right now. Jan is an old friend though, she's seen much worse from him.
Steve takes that for the permission it is, nudging his nose against Tony's adam's apple and setting about driving Tony wild by dragging his teeth over the long lines of his throat. Tony feels like he's going crazy and they're both still fully clothed.
They skate like that, palms pressed together in their gloves-only letting go so Steve can Spin Tony around him and switch hands. Tony's cheeks are flushed with the cold, his lips wind chapped by the time they step off the ice. Off to the side there are couples kissing on park benches while snow powders their hair. Steve grips Tony's hand a little more tightly, tugging him along to back up against a tree away from prying eyes. Tony follows without even the barest hesitation, breaths frosting out in foggy white puffs when Steve tucks him close, unbelting his jacket to wrap it around them both while they lean against the tree.
“We've found something, Tony, Tones, come on, you have to see this!” There is more being said, but it fizzles out, drowned out by the sound of something cracking, loud and horrible to his ears. He's there on the deck, and down below in swirling waters. The ocean heaves, pulling at him, tumbling him down, down into the dark, dragging at him like clawing hands, a wild creature refusing to let go of its prize. He reaches up, up towards where he knows the sky is now, up towards the medallion around his soulmate's neck.
“Couldn’t afford it, maybe one day, after the war is over.”  Steve was aware that his survival was anything but assured, but relentless optimism and perseverance had gotten him this far.  It was a nice thought, having both the time and the money to attend a university, to sit and learn about the old masters.  On his own, he had read about history and art voraciously, but it would have been nice to have a degree or two.
“Don't want it! Don't want it? Are you nuts, did that last villain knock your brain right out of your beautiful perfect head?” Tony might be just a tad loud but he really doesn't give a shit right now. “Put this on me Captain, that's an order. I'm not part of the military so I technically can't give you orders, but God, Steve. Do you-do you have any idea how much I want this? I love it, it's perfect, I never thought. Your tag, for me, yes. Please put it on me so I'll shut up.” He babbles, unable to stem the tide of his words in the face of just how much he wants this, how much he feels as if he'll shatter, just fly apart into a million pieces of overwrought emotion. Here he's been agonizing about Steve wanting him this whole time, while Steve was carrying around
“Not really sure, to be perfectly honest with you. I can't remember anything. Just feelings. Who to trust, how to move around the tower. Other than that, your guess is as good as mine.” Tony admits; some of the fear he's been hiding away leaking into those words. Rhodey just hugs him more tightly, swearing quietly under his breath.
So copious amounts of sex it was. It didn't mean anything to him or his various partners, and it had been fun while it lasted, both for himself and his partners.  Then he took a load of shrapnel to the chest, and acquired the world's fanciest nightlight, and a secret identity. He's used to being lonely, but tony misses the human contact intimacy brought, and the sex too, although not quite as much.  Despite all his posturing, he's been celibate since the arc become a feature in his life.  It's a necessity with his secret identity, but he'd be lying if he said it wasn't a sacrifice.
“Yes, he does, and if there's one thing Tony is absolutely mind numbingly terrified of it's love. He still thinks I stick around for his money and tech and we've been friends since college.” Rhodes says, throwing up his arms with an air of long suffering. “Look. You want him to understand you want him-and I wouldn't be telling you this if I thought you had bad intentions by the way. You be good to my brother or I'll find you and it won't be pretty. You're going to have to do something drastic.”
“Hey.” Tony says, crouching down slowly. “Hey, someone knock that over?” Her sobs subside into hiccuping breaths and she nods, opening her eyes to look up at Tony. For a moment her mouth drops open, and then she's scrambling up, showing Tony her 'Abengers' watch; tears completely forgotten. Tony laughs, paying no mind to the wet and snow clinging to the bottom of his expensive black winter coat when he's given a great big hug by their tiny fan.
“Can I kiss you?” The question takes him off guard even though he was kind of expecting it.  Tony bites his lip to keep himself from moaning like Steve just got a hand down his pants instead of just asking him an innocent question.
“I had my plans darling, thought I’d sit on the best seat in the house and we could share.”  Tony leans in for a brief kiss, which Steve melts into happily. Tony’s hands are cool on his face from holding the chilled bowls, but his mouth is scorching hot, perfect in every way.  He pulls away all to soon, and Steve grunts in dissatisfaction. “Darling I can’t feed you dessert if we’re kissing.” Tony says, affection coloring the words as he reaches into one bowl, pulling a ripe red strawberry from within, before dipping it in the other bowl.  He brings it to Steve’s lips after that, gaze hooding when Steve licks the cream from his fingertips before eating the proffered fruit.
“That's amazing Mister Stark, the guys with Polio back in my day-they sure would have appreciated you, I know I sure woulda.” Steve wishes he was a little more smooth.  God knows Bucky had tried to teach him a thing or two, but at least his fumbling seems to give Tony pause.  He purses his lips, stacking his tablets together and regarding Steve with a slow searching look.
“It's because you're cute.” Bruce says, coming striding into the room holding a pale blue cool-pac and a bottle of low dose aspirin. He passes it over to Steve along with a mug of tea. “Tea is for you, cold pack and aspirin are for him. Don't argue.” Bruce points at Tony, shuffling across the room to grab another blanket off one of the movie recliners.
“Well,”  Sarah began delicately, “I suppose sometimes they can see into ah, their partner’s heads, but that’s only if they’re with an alpha, and only at certain special times.  I wouldn’t know though, your old man was an alpha, and so am I.”  The way she said it meant it was adult stuff, probably like kissing, and whatever was on page six Steve wasn’t allowed to look at.  Steve got the feeling he was missing out on a lot there, but it was a good enough explanation for the time being.
“Gotta, gotta take this.” Tony says roughly, turning away from Steve hurriedly and all but stumbling back over to his waiting friends. He waves at Steve on his way out, looking nervous and hunted as he goes. Rhodes stays behind under the premise of snagging some breakfast for himself, promising to meet them in the garage before they leave
Once Tony is off on a business trip when it happens, and Steve rolls over in their bed, clutches the pillows to smell Tony's scent on them. It's not enough to wash away the images just behind his lids. The crash of the sound barrier breaking rattles the tower minutes later, and Tony is running into their room shedding armor as he goes; hair disheveled and tie askew. He crawls into bed, not even bothering to take off his shoes.
He wondered what Tony would be like, if he’d be sweet. Steve swallowed thickly. Tony was always so sweet to him, so kind. He probably tasted sweet too, the way he smelled. Steve nearly ripped his pants off in the rush to get them off. He shouldn’t have been thinking of Tony posed like the art of the omegas in the eight pagers. It was disrespectful to Tony, but that genie had been let out of the bottle long ago. He wondered if Tony liked to feel a mouth on him, if he’d let Steve eat him out until his slick was everywhere, until it ran down Steve’s lips, over his chin. Steve would do it, get Tony so wet for him, get his legs shaking and his hole quivering around his tongue, God. He would want to show Tony he could make it good, and if Tony allowed it, if he wanted it, maybe he’d let Steve fuck him.
They're almost finished with breakfast when the beeping of Steve's Avengers communicator starts going off. Steve groans, but he's all business, whipping out his wallet to toss cash on the table. Tony almost protests and offers to pay himself, but Steve is already moving. Tony follows him out into the parking space where Steve kisses him, pressing him up against Steve's motorcycle until the quinjet lands in the street.
"No guilt, no sad bird."  Tony says, flapping a hand at Clint.  "M'good don't make that face, you didn't know.  hell
It was a tougher battle than expected, even after Iron Man arrived.  There were a few close calls, all of them were captured, but quick thinking on Wasp’s part led to their victory.  Afterwards, standing on the street with the team, watching Thor tossing wasp into the sky and catching her, he couldn’t help but smile.
“Oh, I would like.”  Tony said softly, quietly.  He closed his hand around the cufflinks, held them close to his body.  “So they’re for me?”
December in New York usually means cold weather, and this December is no different. Steve wakes to the sight of icy white falling outside his window. The floor is warm and heated when he swings his legs out of bed and walks over to his closet to pull on warmer clothes. Even if the cold doesn't affect him the way it once did, old habits die hard.
“Oh my god.” Rhodes says, looking up at the ceiling as if he's saying a prayer for patience. “I can't believe I get to witness this,” he mutters with what sounds like intense gratitude.  Steve's eyebrows go up a little bit in alarm when Rhodes mouths a silent thank you in the direction of the sky.  “We were both standing here,” he gestures around at the room, speaking slowly as if he's not sure whether or not Steve's really all there. “right here in this kitchen right?” He continues, and Steve nods.  Rhodes just stares at him for long moments, as if he's sizing him up, he shakes his head.  Steve feels he's just been declared a hopeless cause.  “So then neither one of us just imagined that-with the almost kissing, and the flirting?”
“Birthday kisses now, because I love you.” Steve agrees, rolling him back into the pillows and dipping his head to start them off. His body is practically glowing with contentment, and yeah, he'll probably be sore tomorrow, but this is already the best birthday he's had in years.
“Yeah? Watching me do this sort of thing gets you all hot, huh?” Tony murmurs with one of his characteristic smirks. Steve huffs, sweeping his palms down Tony's shoulders, and kneading the firm muscles at the small of back. Tony groans, dropping his head down and pressing against him with a hum.
In which Steve sticks his foot in his mouth, sets a self determined mission for himself, and gets some of his past back.
“One and a half cups of pecans, we’re making a triple serving for the benefit of your incredible metabolism.”  Tony saunters off to grab a large bag of pecans from the counter nearby, leaning against it, blue eyes soft and affectionate as Steve measures the nuts out onto the cutting board.
“I've had a few kisses, don't worry, I'm not some rube that doesn't know how to smooch.” Steve's smile is wide, but Tony knows him well enough to see he's nervous even if he's making a joke about it.
He finally managed to fall asleep a few hours before dawn thankfully. A fitful sleep he woke up from feeling equal parts aroused and melancholy. He went to the hotel gym to try and work off some of the excess energy in his system, but returned before the game to shower and change into his uniform, and pull the Seahawks gear Tony sent him over it.  He grabbed the portfolio with his shield in it for good measure.
gift.  Steve dropped a hand below the table, dug his fingers into his own thigh to try and talk his traitorous body down.
“Right. Of course. Okay, let's do this.” He taps on the window twice, stepping out into the blinding flash of cameras when Happy opens the door. Steve is right behind him, looking vaguely uncomfortable but still ready to throw a punch if anyone gets too close. The flashes start going off with even more intensity when JARVIS lands the armor behind them.
“Man,"  Rhodes says, his dark eyes wide, "those films really weren't propaganda.  That really is impressive up close.” Rhodes says, shaking his head and peeling open his fruit cup.  "Look, Captain, I know you're both grown adults, but this could go south so fast."
“How’s that?”  He asks, sighing when Tony’s hand slips beneath his flannel pajama shirt to rub over his stomach.
“Oh,” Tony said, “I was taking suppressants, but I had to stop taking them recently.” That made a certain kind of sense. He supposed an eligible omega like Tony was inundated by countless suitors. Maybe the anklet was from one, an overture, a request. One Tony saw fit to go off the medication for. It happened a lot in his time too, it was normal, coming off suppressants when a person was ready for a family. He tried not to feel sad about that, that he might’ve lost his chance before he ever even knew there was one, if there had ever in fact been one. Unless Tony wanted to be part of a triad-and God he was getting way ahead of himself.
“You are nothing but a cheap Vaudeville trick made flesh, Captain, I will show you the error of thinking you can best your better!” It was a lot of bluster from a villain already on their back foot, but fully expected from Zemo. As was the barrage of flung punches and kicks delivered with all the confidence of a man who only ever roughed up his own minions. He was shooting the disintegrator gun with a gleeful sort of abandon, so assured in his victory he’d clearly decided to draw it out for his own amusement. Steve wasn’t amused, ducking the shots with grim determination, using Zemo’s focus on him to turn their positions, so Zemo’s back was to one of the walls made weak by multiple shots from the gun.
Steve groans, pushing Tony's thighs apart to settle his hips between Tony's lean muscular legs, and leaning down to seal their lips together again. Tony is a generous lover, that's an understatement. He had brought Steve off three times just a short time ago; fucking him with such perfect skill that Steve felt half delirious by the end. Steve's never been particularly shy, but Tony makes it so easy to let slip things-desires he would never share with another person. He seems delighted when Steve initiates anything, throwing himself so wholeheartedly into their mutual pleasure that Steve sometimes wonders if this thing between them is all a fantasy. He's taken to pinching himself now and then, when they lay there sated and lazily wrapped up in each other.
“God, fuck, I'm so sorry, sorry, fuck, fuck, but it's done now, all done. Does that...is that any better?” Iron Man sounds incredibly agitated, as if this is the worst possible outcome. Steve feels a sense of deep fondness melt through him even as his arm throbs in the splint.
“Well. I like being touched.” Tony grumbles, a hint of obstinance creeping into his voice as he hunches down in his seat.
“You have questions I take it.” JARVIS says suddenly, as if reading his thoughts, and Steve startles. Sometimes he forgets that the AI is always awake.
“JARVIS, he told me you were looking at them and it seemed like a very you thing. I also made a...small donation to this charity that provides service dogs for veterans. Small donation, no sweating about it.” Tony says, hands raised in preemptive placation. Steve wants to kiss him again. The sunglasses are long gone, he's somehow acquired Rhodes' reindeer antler hat, and he's the most amazing, confusing, wonderful
“Anything for you Sweetheart.” Steve grins at Tony innocently when the expected glare is leveled in his direction, but Tony's face soon dissolves into a little moue of sorrow when he seems to realize he's played directly into Steve's hands. He grouches and grumbles the entire time they set up the tent, but still seems content to sit next to Steve around the fire while they roast marshmallows and Thor tells some of his much anticipated Tales of Valorous Deeds.
“Scoot over, come on then, coming down is pretty rough, isn’t it?”  Sarah was there, dressed in one of her long nightgowns, a robe belted around her waist.  She didn’t wait for a response, climbing into the bed and pulling Steve against her.  It was immediate, the rush of comfort and warmth.  He still felt jittery and out of sorts, his body was starting to ache, but the contact did something to him, made it all easier to bear.
“From where I’m sitting, there’s no one more deserving of help than you, Cap.” He was holding the phone again, but he tucked it back in his pocket. He still looked upset.
Tony's breath stutters in his chest, he turns his head, brushing the whisper of a kiss over Steve's temple. His pets Steve's hair, holds him close with his other arm, and presses his knees into Steve's sides, holding him there, keeping him close. He wants to take Tony's cock in his hand, he can feel it leaking wetly where it's trapped between their bodies, but Tony didn't tell him to, not yet, maybe soon. He thinks of Tony's come on his fingers, thinks about the sounds Tony makes when he's close. Just the memory of it makes him whine against Tony's neck, makes him press more insistently on Tony's prostate, until Tony bucks against him and his body goes taut with pleasure.
“Did he...did he try something with you?” Steve asks.  His imagination is running wild with possibilities, unspeakable things Tiberius Stone might have tried to do to the man he loves.  Tony's eyes snap to his, their gazes lock. It feels like they're trapped like that for hours, but it's only a moment before Tony is shaking his head, waving his hand in a placating gesture.
“Aw, ma’, I’m not going anywhere, gotta wait ‘til I’m all grown and strong anyway.”  He tried not to sound bitter, but he still thought he might of, a little.
He laid there panting against the covers for longer than he kept track of. He’d drooled a little onto the sheets, his cheek was wet, but he couldn’t have cared less.
“Hey JARVIS, need something?” He asks, scanning around the room for threats on reflex and coming up empty.
They end up making it in an hour and a half, Clint has a fit when they arrive at the campsite, but gamely agrees to the the terms of the bet once he's done throwing himself on the ground. Tony is bright eyed and windswept, all but dancing into Steve's space to gloat about their victory. His lips are reddened by the wind, Steve's eyes zero in on them, and he's coming closer, wrapping an arm around Tony's waist, pulling him close. Tony blinks, throwing his arms around Steve's neck seemingly without a second thought. To the right he hears Natasha grumbling something that sounds like 'just kiss him already' He wants to turn to her and tell her he's
“Of course, I am compatible with all rooms in the mansion, but do not install myself into private quarters unless asked.”
are incredible.” He blurts, before he can reign himself in.  Tony gapes at him, mouth opening and closing speechlessly.
“Yeah Cap, there's still jerks out there who make it their business to be assholes, and there's still a lot that needs to change-but everyone can get married now, it's not illegal anymore.” Jan is speaking softly, as if she's afraid he'll spook and go haring out of the jet. Steve raises his eyes to look down at this city. New parts and old blend together down below them. Steve lets himself look.
“Ravish me Captain Rogers, I can't take it anymore.” Tony says, voice high as Steve lets him use his arm for support so he doesn't topple onto the floor.
“Tony, he's incredible. Did you make him?” His hand is still being puppeted up and down, but he doesn't care, it's just so keen. Tony made actual robots, robots and an A.I. that have personalities of their own.
? Skintight black fabric clings to Tony's body like a second skin. Little nodes of light dance and blink over the whole thing. Beautiful, he's so beautiful. Steve is struck with the sudden burning desire to march over there, pick Tony up, and bite his thighs. It's a visceral reaction, arousal hitting him like a virtual punch to the gut.
“I-” Steve clears his throat, tugging Tony more fully against his body, stilling those wandering hands.  “I wanna go to bed Stark, that's what-what I want.”
“If you go to sleep I'll go to sleep. Deal?” Tony drives a hard bargain, but the thought of both of them sleeping at the same time in rooms just down the hall from one another makes the sappy romantic Steve really is at heart perk up and take notice.
“I like the idea of it, but in practice, it just...doesn't work anymore. I'd like to try again someday. With someone I love, with someone I trust. You. If um. If you wanted that.” For all his reputation as a playboy has spiraled out of control over the years, Tony still finds it difficult to ask for things. Showing vulnerability has always left him feeling shaky and off balance. He can hear Howard even now
“Nick Fury, definitely, it's the trench coat mmmm oh yeah, gets me all hot.” Tony says, shrieking and dodging balled up napkins and bits of popcorn, laughing as he hops off the couch and goes to hide behind his bar. Things being thrown at him quickly devolves into an avengers style play brawl. By the time it's over there are downy feathers from the couch cushions floating in the air, and Clint is passed out across the giant foosball table. Tony forgot they even had one of those.
“I don’t give a damn who you are, now give me back that bag or I’ll make you give it back.”  Steve said, the words coming out with far more bravado than he truly felt.  You always stand up.  He could hear his mother’s words, and he stood up straighter, took on the stance Lorenzo had taught him.
“All yours, god, do whatever you want, you're amazing, so amazing.” Tony pants against the pillow beneath his head, jumping just a little bit when Steve spreads his cheeks apart and lays something there.
Tony strips down, tossing his clothes off haphazardly before slipping under his covers. Tonight's clothing pile is a job for tomorrow's Tony. He only hopes they never do end up getting hit with some kind of extra-dimensional sex magic or whatever the hell is out there. His heart barely survived kissing Steve Rogers, he can only imagine what actually sleeping with Steve would be like. Tony's eyes snap open, he stares up at the ceiling.
His mouth moved without his own permission.  “I got a pair you could borrow.”  His voice sounded far away, as if he was speaking from a distance.  Oh no, Tony was looking at him.  Of course he was, Steve had gone and opened his big yap.  Still, it was too late to walk it back, and Tony was looking over at him in askance.  “Sorry, you probably want to go grab some of your own.”
He went and found the closet though, feeling more than a little furtive about it. He met no one else in the hallway however, carrying his new sheets back to his room, feeling a bit like he was on an espionage mission. Maybe it was silly, he was sure none of the others would judge him, or even make the connection as to why he was walking around in the middle of the day holding new sheets, but it was easier to not say anything embarrassing when there was no one around to talk to him.
“Did you just make a dick joke while your arm is broken in the woods?” Iron man says incredulously, but he squeezes his shoulder comfortingly despite the light tone.
” Whatever Tony was going to say breaks off as Steve reaches down, spreading Tony's cheeks apart and pushing into him with one slow steady thrust. It's slow going, Tony's body is all delicious heat and lube-slick tightness. There's no tugging unpleasant friction, but there's always a breathless moment of adjustment as Tony's body opens up and lets him in.
“What are you doing?” He whispers to himself, jumping slightly when JARVIS cuts through the silence with his crisp words.
In the end Bucky is right, in the end he dies long before they ever come across his soulmate, and he never gets his medal back, sinking down, down into water so cold it burns. He must be dying, he must be. The last thing he thinks before the blackness claims him, is of blue eyes, and a warm voice calling him home.
“Go for it Winghead, I'm sure he would be perfectly willing to be your friend.” Tony sighs in resignation, time to go down to the lab and clean up anything potentially incriminating. Steve bites his lip but doesn't say anything more for a moment.
“Sure Cap, what's got you all-” he gestures at Steve's rigid posture expansively. “angry Cap faced?” Steve frowns, a little dent forming between his brows as he does.
“Shellhead, how long have you been feeling-let me help what can I do?” Steve takes an abortive step closer only to be stopped as Iron Man raises a hand.
Of course, sitting around and feeling sorry for himself wasn’t really going to help him either.  He could just hear Sarah telling him not to mope, that she was fine, that he was making all this fuss while she and seanáthair and mhamó looked down on him.  Steve admonished himself as he picked up the book on beading, still laying where it had been dropped what felt like a lifetime ago, but had really been only days.
"The truth please.” Rhodey deserves that at least, Tony has lied to him enough over the years.  Tony drops his eyes, winding his fingers together and unwinding them nervously. It's an anxious tell he's never quite gotten rid of, a reason almost everything he wears has pockets. Rhodey knows but he kindly let's Tony work through his crisis without further input. He thinks of Steve, holding him close in front of the fireplace, of gentle touches, the precise shades of blue that make up Steve's eyes, the gold flecks in his sandy hair. He thinks of how others would have jumped on his many offers for sex without a second thought, but Steve seems to want something more from him. He thinks of Steve's words in the limo, of his loneliness and isolation, and how despite that all somehow it's
“Got what we need-oh, sorry.” Jan giggles from the doorway when Tony peers at her over one of Steve's patriotically broad shoulders.
Steve shuts his eyes in relief. That's definitely not a no.  “Let me show you then. Can I, can I try?” He steps close, gaze moving over Tony's face searchingly.
“Thank you.”  He said quietly.  “It’s just a lot to take in, you know.  All of this,”  he gestured expansively around, “I went to sleep and I’m on another planet it seems like.”  He was proud of himself for how steady it came out.  His insides felt shaky, unsettled, even with the soup warm and filling him up.
“Oh, oh God no.” Tony laughed, blessedly oblivious to Steve’s spiraling thoughts, he thunked his head back on the couch, then stood up to walk over to a set of counters and cabinets set into the wall. He rifled around briefly, then returned with a pizza box that had been resting on a warmer in one hand, and a bottle of water in his other. He passed the pizza over to Steve, then sat back down. He took a long sip of his water, then turned to face Steve again, tucking his legs up under himself on the couch. “No Steve, um, that’s not why. I can’t um.” He cleared his throat, took another sip of his water, “You’re the sweetest thing I’ve ever seen babe, but I can’t have kids, long story, but, that's not why I stopped taking them.”
“Good, thank you for being so clear.” Tony lowers himself then, stretching out across Steve's body, urging Steve to really relax back into the pillows. He straddles one of Steve's thighs, rubbing himself along Steve's body as he speaks. “You know I'm not fragile, darling, but I know you worry. So just lie back now and let me do delightfully wicked things to you, hmm? What do you think?”
“I miss Tony. I know we haven't been gone long at all but I miss him. He's warm, and when he's close things are..” Steve licks his dry lips, pressing on. “Things are good when he's close. He hugged me. Twice now.” Despite the constant motion of the train over the rails, the distant conversations of the others in the train, it's silent enough to hear a pin drop between them.  “He hugged me and he was so warm...and I think. Today I think we nearly kissed.” The last of it is almost a whisper, but Iron man hears him clearly.  Iron Man sighs, his head dropping as if he's shaking himself. He shifts up though, locking the joints of the armor into a sitting position and pressing up against Steve's side. The armor is warm at every point of contact. Steve knows he can't sit in the seat next to him, these chairs are not reinforced enough for the gold titanium alloy.
