Cas never considered himself a particularly adept storyteller before Dean started asking about his history, and he still doesn’t possess the skill of some of his angelic kin. He was a warrior, not a scribe. And yet, it’s comforting to remember his more exciting exploits, and far more comforting still to know that Dean enjoys hearing these stories.
Cas doesn’t have the heart to tell her he didn’t realize they’d funded any renovations at the library in the past year. He only vaguely recalls the scaffolding outside the building as he walked past it.
“Help!” the woman all but screams, throwing herself at the hood of the Volvo. Dean and Cas both jump as she hits the car, but she keeps moving, stumbling toward the driver’s door. Dean lifts the gun to the window to make it clear he means business.
He’s never seen anything like it, the magnitude of the wounds Seth inflicted on James, except maybe in Hell. Sam keeps his eyes straight ahead, not even wanting to look at the body Dean’s clutching in his arms. He wants to ask Dean why the hell this happened, what James could have possibly done to trigger Seth’s unrelenting, homicidal hatred, but he knows there likely is no answer. Seth seemed even more crazed and out-of-it than usual when they saw him at The Bend. After the incident with the angels, he probably just finally snapped.
“We need to leave before they come back,” she says again. “They killed everyone there, anyone who wasn’t a vessel. Everyone except me. You don’t understand, we need to —”
Laying her back down on the cold sidewalk and turning away is anathema to him. He does it anyway. He has never understood Chuck as much as he does in this moment when he leaves his injured daughter to run into a bus full of strangers.
“I don’t think so. I don’t think he was all Energizer Bunny in the first place. And now his batteries are drained.”
“No, Cas, it was you.” Dean pushes Cas’s finger down, pressing it into the raised skin. “It was during one of your stupid three-on-one spars. I complained about having to fight against all three of you again, and Anna made you switch places with me so I could be on the Angels’ team for once. You always listened to her.”
He hates he ever thought Dean Smith’s smile was beguiling. It’s the smile of a shark, teeth showing, poised for the kill. “I got you to cut the salaries of your foundation board just by ‘pissing you off,’ Cas. Imagine the good I could get you to do if I made you really, really angry.”
Cas knows the second Crowley reaches the last item on the list. That predatory smile returns, but wider this time, stretching Crowley’s face unnaturally, hideously.
“I’ve pulled up a list of the usual suspects.” Anna swipes at the tablet in front of her seat, and it projects the photos of Halo’s rogues’ gallery. “He might be repackaging if he’s someone you’ve defeated before. They hate to lose twice.”
“Next time will be Chinese takeout, then.” Dean grins, brilliant and blinding. Cas can’t help but to kiss him again.
“Christian Campbell is my cousin,” Dean says, and maybe the fact that Leahy can’t hear him helps ease the shakiness in his voice. “My name is Dean Campbell, not Dean Smith. The woman—” He taps the first photo. “—is my other cousin, Gwen. She had nothing to do with this.”
“No, I did tell you to call if anything weird happened... No, no... Ann Marie, I don’t think you’re crazy, believe me...” Sam smiles faintly. “I’m in Wyoming on a case, but we can be there by tomorrow... Yeah, my partner and I.... No, there are other agents who can handle it, don’t worry... Yes, it’s fine, I promise... Okay... You too... Alright, bye.”
. She would never do this to him. He wonders where she is, if Samuel has her locked up somewhere too.
Maybe he doesn’t need it. Dean looms over Alastair in the center of the cell, hands in fists at his side. Alastair is on the ground, curled into himself with his hands clutching at his stomach. His bloodied face turns toward Cas and he smiles. His teeth are cracked and yellow, and Cas’s Grace surges at the sight of him.
Dean tries to smile and instead ends up breaking, lips curling and eyes welling up with tears. He doesn’t even know what he’s crying about — Cas’s simple but effortless kindness, his mother, Gwen, the family he belongs to that it doesn’t feel like he belongs in. Cas pulls him in without a word, letting Dean rest his head on his shoulder. Dean’s hands come up to grip Cas’s shirt tight, hanging on with everything in him as Cas puts his arms around him. The last time they held each other like this Dean was pissed and afraid. Now he’s just as afraid but also in love. Funny how both times he felt safer than he’s ever felt in his life.
this all along. The one person who knows Dean better than anyone, who therefore knows what Samuel’s done behind closed doors, is now not speaking to him. Not protecting him.
They’re at the campsite where Ben and his friends are staying, and Dean is pacing along the side of the stolen car, an old hatchback that Cas hopes they’ll have time to return once Sam arrives with the Impala. Lisa insisted on going to Ben’s tent alone, still wary of Dean’s in-depth knowledge of their lives. She left the two men in the parking lot to stew.
, the blunt force of the recoil, and the rusted can is blown apart. “So sorry if I’m not taking it well.”
Dean’s watching his breathing now, careful to exhale just as he pulls the trigger. The shotgun fires, slamming into his shoulder, but he’s not some baby. He’s prepared for the recoil, rocking back on his heels to absorb the shock. The bullet lands just right of the bullseye, and Dean grins as he lowers the gun, carefully pointing it at the ground.
“You and Father helped bring the devil into the world,” Cain told her. “Did you think he wouldn’t want more from you? I saved Abel from Lucifer when you could not. I won’t bring him back to be claimed again.”
“I can’t believe you’re dating a guy who called you out on local access television. Shacking up with the enemy.” Claire laughs. “Hey! You’re dating Catwoman!”
“It’s been three weeks, Sam. Surely you guys have had all the disgusting sex you can possibly handle by now. I mean, I know she can’t hear the weird noises I’ve unfortunately heard through some narrow motel walls, but she can definitely see the ugly faces you make...”
Again, Dean feels the sensation of moving through a dream, somewhere outside his body as it walks, step by stiff step, to Cas’s bed, pulls the covers back, and crawls in. It’s someone else, not him, never him, lying so close to Cas he can feel the heat off his body, feel the bed creak as he shifts after turning the light out. Dean can’t seem to move, lying flat and still as a board, staring at the ceiling, wondering if he’s going to wake up in the bunker alone.
“Of course, Dean.” His voice is level, but Cas can’t hide the way his jaw clenches. Dean’s stomach churns with guilt. “That’s reasonable.”
Cas feels warmer with Dean’s steady gaze on him, feels sturdier and stronger. Like he can do anything. Tell the truth, fall in love, perhaps even walk away from the mask. His secret keeper. He never imagined he’d find someone he could trust this much. Cas says, “I told her. I know I’m safe with you.”
It’s easy to tear things apart. It’s much easier than putting them back together, he’s learned. Fixing the roof and the floor was a painstaking process — measuring everything twice, lining everything up so it fit together just so — but pulling out warped wood and damaged shingles is easy. Cathartic. He doesn’t even bother calling Sam for this part. His good cheer would just get in the way. Cas is angry, livid, and he’s taking it out on the porch.
Dean crunches his cereal between his teeth, being sure to swallow before he responds. Papa doesn’t like him to talk with his mouth full. “We’re moving where?”
Unless they see the light, these nights all go the same way — Cas grades papers and naps and Dean walks the perimeter of the site, checking on the equipment and keeping an eye out for the ghost light. But tonight Cas didn’t bring papers to grade, and Dean goads Cas into playing car games with him — I Spy (which they both suck at), the Question Game (which Cas excels at), Punch Buggy (Dean can recognize a Bug by their headlights in the distance, so it’s a losing game for Cas).
“We have a potluck at the station every summer to thank our donors, and the first year he’s working there, Cas brings in this casserole that looks, well, normal.”
Cas lifts his face, settling down against Dean and resting his chin on Dean’s chest, grimacing at the squishy feeling of the come between them.
“You wanna go chase after Daddy, then you be my guest,” Dean says, because two can play that game. “But he left to get cigarettes, and he’s not coming back.”
There’s some pastor droning on and on about being prepared for the apocalypse on the radio, and it sounds familiar in a way Dean can’t quite place. Maybe a little too much like John Winchester, shouting at him from beyond the grave.
“I thought you really did get lucky,” Cas says. His brother shrugs, sliding off the long desk and slinking toward them like a cat stalking its prey. He’s pissed.
“No,” Jeffords whispers, so quietly his voice is barely audible. “But I’m telling you the truth, Agent Burke. There was something else out there that night.”
Dean bites back a cruel comment about how that would be Cas’s best advice, because this time he knows running is the most reasonable thing to do. But the thing is, nothing in Dean is made to run, not even from mythical death lights.
If they’re going to solve this problem before someone else gets killed, time is of the essence. He only hopes Charlie won’t slam the door in their faces when Dean explains why they’re there.
“And what if you sons of bitches get Halo instead?” Dean asks, and Dagon backhands him. The slap is so vicious it knocks Dean’s head back, and the sound of flesh hitting flesh reverberates in Cas’s ears. Dean reels in his seat.
Cas just hums in slight agreement, not wanting to say anything to change Dean’s mind on that point. Dean moves his head so he’s staring at the side of Cas’s face.
Dean pulls over when they’re still about two miles out, far enough away from the buildings of The Bend that they won’t be spotted but close enough for him to be able to walk there. There’s nowhere to hide the car, but since it’s not the Impala he’s not going to worry too much about it getting recognized.
. Cas watches his fan spin, lazy and slow, throwing shadows across the room. He thinks of a warm summer night, electricity in the air, a woman’s screams. Someone slipping through the cracks, tripping into the brush, lost in the trees, falling into the gorges and rivers. It’s not hard to lose a body, alive or dead, in the wilderness.
Instead he strokes Dean’s cheek, and Dean leans into his hand, eyes falling closed. He knows it’s enough when Dean says, “Yeah, Cas. Me too.”
He’s not sure how to respond to that. Before he can even try, a soft voice from the other end of the room says, “Hey, moron. Get your ass over here.”
Someday Sam and Dean are going to come to head over this — this plan to use Jack to open up a portal into the world that took their mother. Sam might be convinced she’s alive, but Dean knows Mary is dead. He knows it the way he knows Cas is dead. Lucifer would never have let her live. But it’s hard for him to think about the second death of a woman who’s been gone his entire life when his nightmares every night consist of Cas falling to the ground with a hole in his chest, his wings burned into the dirt.
Those first few weeks in Greece felt like freedom he’d never known. Cas remembers lounging on the beach with Dean, soaking up sun and eating honeyed yogurt and feeling like a college kid on spring break with a friend. He wanted it to be real. He didn’t want there to be a mission. He wanted to feel normal for once.
He’s not surprised when all three of the teens look confused and shocked, glancing at each other with fear in their eyes. Dean knows they didn’t have anything to do with the accidents. He knows because it’s not them — it’s the fucking light. It’d be better for his sanity if the light was the product of a group of rebellious teenagers wracking havoc for no good reason, but of course that’s not the case. He’s still nowhere near close to solving the mystery of whatever the hell is going on here.
“Wow,” Dean says, grinning uncontrollably at the sight of Sam’s very red face. “I just had no idea it was like that.” Sam flips him off and starts walking into the motel room where Eileen’s already set up a sort of home base. “When can I expect to be made an uncle?”
“Okay.” She plasters on a fake smile. She actually looks like a younger version of Mama when she does that. Dean’s heart sinks. “Well, we owe Castiel and Bobby so much for their part in rescuing you. We’d love to treat them to dinner tonight. Where do you want to go?”
“I have a headache like I’ve been trapped in a car listening to Crowley talk about his mother for five hours, but I think I’ll survive.”
“I know,” Cas says, and he crosses the room to sit awkwardly on the edge of Sam’s bed. “But I still feel guilty. I shouldn’t have driven off without you.”
“Well, someone once told me I could do more good with my money than I could as Halo, so—” Dean silences him with a kiss and Cas’s arms tighten around his waist, pulling them closer together until there’s no space left between them.
“Here?” Dean’s voice wavers. He glances around the clearing. Cas sees what he must see — there’s nothing here.
“Cas, missing the point.” Dean puts a hand on his shoulder, squeezes lightly. “I’m... I’m trying to apologize. For not trying to talk to you about this, for judging you so harshly at the time. I didn’t know.”
Cas sweeps his wings back and lets them lift his feet off the ground, aiming both at Hellfire’s chest, straight at the fire emblem symbol on his black tactical vest. Hellfire ducks with inhuman speed, sliding underneath Cas. Cas barely has time to get his feet back under him when he feels a jerk on his wings from behind. He thrashes back with them, connects with some part of Hellfire, and his opponent lets go. He swirls around, aiming a high kick for Hellfire’s hooded head. But Hellfire grabs his leg and throws it back, nearly knocking Cas down again. In frustration, Cas throws a blast of Grace. It goes wide and hits nothing but an already downed henchman of Roman’s.
“Chuck asked me to—” She takes a shuddering breath. “Dad asked me for a favor when he came back from Greece. Cas, Balth, I promise if I’d known about... all of this... I wouldn’t have listened to him. I would have told—”
“You could say that.” Cas runs a hand across his forehead and points the vents at himself. “My students are... testing me. Rigorously.”
“Dean, I have apologized and apologized and I don’t know what else to do!” The way her voice cracks is not breaking his heart. It’s not.
She slams the door as she runs away, jumping over the small fence around the field with a practiced ease. Cas sighs. She’s gone, taking her vague and disconcerting prophecies with her. Part of him wants to get out of the car, pull her out of practice and demand answers, but he knows it wouldn’t do any good. She’d be embarrassed in front of her friends and he’d look like a jackass.
“Fuck,” he whispers under his breath. It’s not like him to let someone get under his skin so easily. In the past, he’d brush off the encounter and keep his dignity and pride intact, but now— Well, now he’s fully aware he’s being an ass. Cas starts to push through the crowd after Zorro when he feels someone grab his elbow and yank.
Sam takes the phone and he and Castiel start talking about Castiel’s grace extraction process. Mary stirs some sugar into her coffee, watching her son animatedly speak with his best friend, and she hopes that maybe one day she can meet with Castiel in person, hear more of his stories.
Cas takes his hand out from under Dean’s and stands up, crossing back over and around the bed, away from Dean, who doesn’t follow him. He just watches, waiting.
Sam chatters on, blindly unaware of Cas’s ignorance in all matters of home repair, discussing the benefits of one type of caulk over another. He keeps saying “we” —
Leahy slides a photo across the coffee table toward them. It’s grainy, and Cas recognizes it as a still from more security camera footage, though in slightly better shape than the Roadhouse’s. There’s Dean, hands in his jacket pockets standing next to a brown van. He’s with a young woman with short, dark hair and a taller man.
Dean shuffles uncomfortably, debating giving up, but then he thinks of how tired and frail Cas looks, so he pounds harder on the door.
Now that the wounds are healing and Cas’s chest is free of blood, he can make out some of the letters Seth carved into his skin.
He’s so relieved he starts to cry. The woman is about to close the door when a hand comes out of the darkness and grabs her, spinning her around and pinning her to the side of the truck. She screams, and Dean cries harder.
Sam smiles. He’s so thankful for her, in a little ways and big ones. She’s been there for him and Dean since this mess started, and she always knows exactly what to say to make him feel just a little bit lighter.
Lydia Pak lives in another town thirty minutes away, which is possibly why local police didn’t look into her after Brock’s death, despite several incriminating online photo albums. More likely they’re just bad at their jobs. Sam is driving to her house, having insisted that Dean take the back and try to sleep because “you look like shit, Dean.” Cas is listening to “The Book Thief” through headphones and occasionally commenting on how the novel’s Death compares to the real deal. Dean finds him hopelessly endearing.
“Oh, guys, come on now,” the demon pleads mockingly. “Don’t make me throw you into the walls again.” When the three of them start to move toward it, circling around the demon, it brings its arms forwards, hands intertwined, and cracks its knuckles loudly. “Well, if that’s how it’s gonna be...”
And then Seth smiles. It’s vile, the way his mouth twists unnaturally, stretching his sallow cheeks, narrowing his puffy eyes.
“Dean, who?” Sam asks, pressing down harder on the gas pedal to speed around a semi. Siri pipes up to inform him that his exit is in two miles.
“Sheriff,” Dr. Linda Tran motions with her head, urging Jody to stand up and cross the room. Cas follows a step behind, unsure of his welcome.
“You are too funny!” Lisa shakes her head, laughing genuinely now. “Of course I’m not attempting to coerce federal agents into helping me get out of my taxes.” She winks at him, and Cas can only blink back dazedly.
“Get the kid outta here!” Dean yells. He’s already on his feet, moving into a fighting stance. “I’ll hold him off!”
Claire glances up at him, face unreadable as she says, “I found it under the bed. There are like 40 different types of peanut butter under there.”
“Okay.” Dean sighs. He’s not taking Cas into any room filled with torture instruments. “I’ll be right back.”
— must be going out of her mind. “Is John there? You should both hear this. Sam and Adam, too, if they’re around.”
Cas swallows, such a human gesture it makes Dean’s heart ache. The angel sitting next to him is so familiar, yet so removed, from the angel that left him alone in the Impala after Stull.
“How did you get home?” Dean grabs one of Cas’s hands to ground him. He worked horrible wrecks so often in his early career he learned to get used to it, but he remembers the first time he pulled up to a fatal accident. He remembers the victim’s blood on the seat and the windshield, drying cracked long after the funeral home took the body away. He’ll never forget it. Cas looks like he’s in shock, and Dean knows the feeling.
Cas gingerly touches the bandages on his chest, then he looks at Dean and says, “I told Seth and the rest of them I was looking for angel grace to heal someone. They didn’t know it was my grace.” He looks off at nothing, remembering. “I’d been tracking it, picking up on signs. I think it must have splintered into pieces when Amara ripped Lucifer out of me; I’d hear about more than one miracle occurring at the exact same time — spring crops growing in the dead of winter, a long empty lake refilling. I’d go to those spots, and sometimes I’d even feel its after-effects. But I only ever managed to catch one tiny fragment, trapped in a small canyon in Utah. It sprouted an oak tree there, right in the middle of the desert.” Cas fists the blankets in his lap and sighs. “But every other time it would drift just out of my grasp — gone before I ever arrived. I was getting desperate, and I’d heard of Seth’s… reputation. I knew he’d tracked angels before. I gambled that he wouldn’t be able to guess what I was. And I was wrong.”
“I was thinking angel,” Cas says quietly. He leans more heavily against Dean, who tries not to read too much into the easy way Cas trusts him with his weight. “But —”
Dean doesn’t think he deserves to be saved, and Castiel doesn’t bother to tell him that he’s not really here to save him. He’s here to move Dean from the flames of Hell to the battlefield on Earth, to facilitate Dean’s transition to warrior of the Lord.
“I’ve got a few presentations scheduled this morning, so I thought you could either sit in on them or sleep on the couch in here.” Cas makes his coffee as he speaks, handing Dean the boxed apple juice he learned Dean favors while he was in the hospital. Tran recommended Dean lay off on coffee and alcohol for a few weeks, so he’s stuck with what he dubbed
“Yes. I patched it recently.” Cas glances toward the ceiling, the beginning of a slight smile pulling at his lips.
He swallows hard as their eyes meet over the hood. Cas’s are wide, unblinking. Just the right shade of blue.
Once the shock passes, Cas recognizes this is his problem to take care of – his cross to bear. He fumbles for the radio on his belt as he runs along the path to the pine, pressing the call button and shouting “We’ve got a 10-50 F on Lovers’ Lane at the half-mile marker!” through the static buzz.
“Well,” Claire says with an eye roll slightly less vicious than her usual, “I think I see my friends. You two have fun. And remember — wrap it before you tap it.”
“Ams,” calls out Alex, who leans into Claire once she sits back down. “Tell us how you and Sam met.”
“No, no, I...” Cas tries to think of how to answer, how to get her to leave him alone, and comes up blank. “You just look like someone we knew.”
“Yeah, whatever.” Dean drums his fingers along the dash. “Take a donut at least. And drink some water, for Christ’s sake. You’ll be more appetizing with some food in you. God, you look terrible.”
“Then you’d think you’d have learned your lesson by now,” Cas says, unwilling to give an inch, to reveal his surprise that Dean would tell Sam, the focal point of his life, he wished he were dead.
Dean wishes he could speak up and wipe the embarrassed frown off his friend’s face. He’s become a pretty good listener this past month, and he hears a lot of the things Cas doesn’t say in his stories — that he was abandoned by people he loved for not fitting in well enough and that he still feels the aftershocks of that betrayal to this day.
Dean turns his head to kiss Cas, gentle and slow. “Not necessary,” he says against Cas’s lips. “I’m a big boy, I can take care of myself.”
There’s a lot to unpack there, like what the hell Cas means by saying he didn’t abandon Sam, too. But Dean’s stuck on three words.
Cas sways as he takes his hands away from Jack’s legs. His nose is bleeding, and he wipes at it. Claire is already working on making a stint out of rebar from the rubble and a torn bandana from her utility belt.
“No, Cas, we gotta run. You should start packing up the stuff. We’re probably...” Dean glances at his watch out of habit. “Oh, less than an hour away from getting made by the real feds.”
But it makes him scared to think those things, so he doesn’t tell Dean. One of them needs to keep a steady head, and if it’s his turn, Sam will hold Dean up. They’re brothers. It’s what they do.
“Angel grace,” he says finally, and Dean’s stomach twists and his head pounds and suddenly it’s like he’s somewhere else. And then James is in front of him but it’s not James, not really, and he’s saying
“Right! So Melanie Cross crashes her car by the river. She’s injured, but alive. Perkins’ ghost finds her and kills her. Brock Anderson is smoking pot in the mill right over the river. Perkins’ ghost finds him and kills him. The third victim, a teenager named Caleb Harrington, was night fishing. And —”
“Agreed,” Cas says. “I’m sure Sam will agree, too. He loves you more than anything, including your mother." Dean nods, then huffs a quiet laugh. "We both love you, you know.”
directly above their heads, like another bolt of lightning struck the house, but this time the electricity stays on. Sam jumps, and Eileen says, “What?” Before he can answer, all of the back windows blow out.
“Cas?” Dean asks, worried. He walks to the door, helping Cas shrug out of his trench coat. “Did you go swimming?”
“She’s always been pretty great. Real strong for Ben.” Then, to be honest and fair, he adds, “And for me. Once upon a time.”
Cas remains silent when Dean’s eyes drift up to his face. Dean sighs, as if there’s nothing heavier than what he needs to say next. “I was planning to run away. The park is not that far from— where I lived.” Cas notices he doesn’t say
When Cas first met Sam, he could smell the demon blood radiating from every pore, seeping through Sam’s soul. The boy was damned, doomed, an abomination only made palatable by the sheer love his brother’s soul exuded for him. And Castiel, an angel, trained to shy away from such a creature, instead found himself curious. He wondered why Sam still seemed so kind, why Dean Winchester, Righteous Man, cared for his hell-bound brother so very much. Even though the other angels sneered at Sam, hating him immediately, Cas never did.
Sam wishes Dean were here. Dean’s excellent at reading people. He’d recognize the emotions flickering across Cas’s face when Sam says
Seth looks like shit. That’s the first thing Dean thinks when he sees him — disheveled and worn, his shaggy blonde hair messy and matted and his eyes sunk low in their sockets, a gross looking canker sore at the corner of his mouth, whole body pale and thin. Dean exchanges a quick glance with Sam just to cover that yes, he sees this, too.
“Yeah.” Dean doesn’t know why he sounds so choked up. Cas heals him all the time – everything from broken limbs to minor stuff, like this headache. But for some reason his eyes are itching, watery. Maybe he has allergies, too. Maybe Cas missed that.
Benny stands, groaning as he stretches his back and cracks what sounds like every vertebrae in his spine. He leaves the room first, punching Dean lightly on his good shoulder — the left one — and heading back to his room. Charlie stays put.
It’s become increasingly more noticeable in the past six months, since Sam and Eileen announced their engagement and eventual plans to leave the bunker. Sam knew it would hit his brother hard — Dean is nothing if not desperate to keep the people he loves all in one place — but he didn’t expect the delusions to come back with such force.
might be — no demons, no grace tree, no Sam, no Eileen. No Cas. Just an empty, black room of indeterminate size.
“There’s a bomb!” Jack yells, pointing toward the tunnel entrance. “They must plan to detonate it behind them!”
Mary has kept the faith, the way she’s kept all of Dean’s things — carefully preserved, fragile and sometimes packed away, but still there.
“I’m not the enemy,” she insists when she’s regained a normal breathing pattern. “The demons are the enemy, and they could come back any second now.”
And he wonders where James is, wonders if he needs to call Claire and tell her everything, but mostly he just hopes that wherever James took off to, he’s okay.
Jody eyes him, assessing, then shrugs, pulling out her phone to look at news. Probably checking to see if the local paper caught wind of the body found in the forest this morning.
“Ugh,” Claire groans, swinging her arms back and forth as she returns to her mark. “We’ve only done this like fifty times.”
Dean cuts him off by reaching over to grab his hand, realizing at the last second that hey, that’s probably too abrupt a move from the guy Cas expects to kill him. Sure enough, Cas clams up, looking down at their joined hands in horror. Slowly Dean lets go, then brings both his hands up to show he’s unarmed and not intending to make any more sudden moves. Cas stares at him, still shaking.
“I did,” Cas confirms. “Specially made by one Deputy Donna Hascum, who I’m told has quite the talent for making apple pie.”
“Do you have a child, Cas?” she asks before he can work out a response. She must see something in his face, for her voice wavers, soft and a little unsteady. “I don’t mean to pry, just, I saw your face when I said Ben is embarrassed by me. It looked like you understood.”
“I wasn’t trying to lead her on.” Caleb sounds as miserable as he looks. “But she’s always hanging around, and you know she’s had a crush on me since you guys were still teenagers. I guess Samuel decided that was enough of a reason to force us together.”
“They sent us a picture,” she says, rambling now, “but you don’t really know until you see someone in person, and you still have the freckles you had when you were a toddler—”
“Don’t be naive, Dean.” Caleb laughs bitterly. “You just spent the last four months falling in love with a woman, and he’s still not happy. It doesn’t matter what we do. Our fate was sealed the moment he saw us leave together. Whatever the fuck his plans are for you, he’s starting to pull all the strings now. You get no one, and I get Gwen.”
Cas is quick when he opens the trunk, delivering a sharp blow to Alastair’s face before the man can cry out again, then stuffing a grease-covered rag into his mouth. Alastair tries to bite him, and Cas punches him again. The thin, wiry man falls back into the trunk, his sharp cheekbones mottled with bruises and blood. That he’s still conscious enough to glare at Cas after the beating he’s taken tonight is a testament to his stamina. Cas slaps duck tape across his mouth in retribution.
“You’re gonna wear a hole in the rug,” Bobby mutters. He’s been watching Cas pace for about ten minutes, which is nine minutes longer than Cas imagined it taking for his threadbare patience to unravel. “Jody said she’d call as soon as she hears from Leahy.”
He thinks of the soft, fond smile Cas gave Lisa, and rejection definitely seems like a plausible response.
“Jack!” He uses the boy’s real name as he scrabbles to him on his hands and knees. He hears Claire gasp behind him; he can’t take the time to be glad she’s okay. He crawls to Jack, cradles his head in his hands. Jack’s eyes blink up at him, stunned and slow.
“You’re safe,” the woman says. “The leprechaun is gone.” She sticks her hand right in his face. “I’m Gilda.”
Dean sneezes with perfect timing, but he waves Cas away. Her fur feels soft and her purrs rumble against his chest and Dean needs a moment to forget the shit show that is his life.
, Dean thinks, or the Mark thinks. Charlie might be right. There’s no difference anymore. He’s corrupted through and through.
“That he knew I’d be jealous of two friends getting married, I don’t know!” Dean throws his hands up in the air. His stomach is revolting on him. “Fuck.
Dean laughs, hitting Cas lightly on the shoulder with the back of his hand. “Doesn’t that describe you?”
“This morning,” Sam says slowly, like Dean might be having trouble following him. “While you were in the shower. I asked, and he said he felt guilty over what happened with her, but he knew not to let it eat at him.”
He makes quick work of divesting Cas of his pants, and Cas, clearly frustrated at being the most undressed, pushes Dean over onto the bed and pulls his pants off before Dean can even get a good look at Cas in his boxers.
The other goon is getting up but Cas lunges away with a beat of his wings, moving toward Hellfire. He doesn’t get close, though — Hellfire sees him coming as he spins away from another one of Anna’s attacks. She strikes a glancing blow across the bottom of his helmet and it cracks, but Hellfire is already moving on to his counterstrike. With a stomp of his foot he lets loose an incredible shockwave of that peculiar
“No,” Sam says, more forcefully than he’s managed in weeks. Cas stills. “I need you to do something for me.”
When Cas comes back to him, Dean almost tells him then and there. It’s the perfect spot, the perfect timing for the two of them — in a dark alley with the Impala and an eavesdropping Sam behind them, one of them freshly risen from the dead.
Sam theorizes that the remaining hunters at The Bend cleared out when they got wind of the cops coming, leaving James alone to die. If the cops came all the way out to the farmhouse they clearly didn’t stick around for long, probably thinking the call was just a prank.
“Of course he is.” Cas presses his lips together, torn between relief Dean’s okay and worry for his missing friends and family. “He’s going to blame himself.”
Jo laughs at his discomfort, taking it for prudishness. “We had fun once or twice. But he’s not the kinda guy who stays, if you know what I mean. Hell, I think he’s slept with half my regulars.” She shrugs again, oblivious to the churning in Cas’s gut. “He’s so handsome, though. Pretty charming, too. It’s hard to resist that.”
Jack and Claire groan in unison. Nothing bores them more than Shurley Enterprises business, which he’s counting on. They scoop up their things and rush out the door, chattering excitedly.
Cas hasn’t said anything yet, but Dean can tell he’s nervous, too. He’s holding himself too stiffly, and he’s been much quieter this morning than normal.
Cas is staring ahead stoically, per usual, and Dean bites back the urge to ask him what he’s thinking. They walk in silence to the fork, the only sounds the crunching of leaves and twigs under their shoes. Then they split off, Lisa not slowing down to wait on Dean, and he loses the sounds of Cas and Sam walking away to the ambient noises of the woods.
Michael huffs as he stands and pulls on his jeans, scanning the closet for the right inconspicuous jacket to wear to kidnap a man off the city streets. “I’ll be glad when this is over.”
This is all too familiar. The sudden intimacy, followed by avoidance of the topic and an abrupt, unexplained departure. He’s seen this show before. Now he bought tickets to the same one again. God, he feels stupid.
“You’re just mad I figured it out while you’re busy babysitting your ex-girlfriend’s kid,” Sam says, but he still sounds good-natured. Cas will never understand the younger Winchester’s particular obsession with serial murderers, especially given that his day job already involves so much death and gore.
“Of course,” Cas says before Leahy can protest. Cas is too good to him, too easy on him. He doesn’t know how dangerous Dean is. Dean wonders if he would even care if he did know. “But… We have to discuss this in the morning. Reidy is already making arrangements for a DNA test, and then he’ll be contacting the Winchesters.”
The corner of Dean’s mouth lifts a little. Cas touches it with the tip of his pointer finger. “You’re welcome,” Dean says. “You know, I don’t spend the night with just anybody.”
“He- Hey!” He stammers, voice pitching into a whine. “Who are you?” Cas almost rolls his eyes. As if he doesn’t know.
Dean bolts up. “Damn it, he took my car!” He felt a little loopy on the pain meds last night, so he didn’t register Cas dropping him off and driving home in the Impala.
“I have other worlds,” Michael says, a touch defensively, and Castiel simply nods, letting Michael pretend he hasn’t been profoundly altered by the love growing within a mere human.
, is precarious. Deadly. But he dares to hope anyway. Sam and Cas and Jack must have figured out the way to crack open an archangel, the way to pull Dean back.
Yes, he would like to, but Mommy and Daddy said no cars at all, and he’s not sure where they went… Dean looks back down the aisle, but the shelves are too tall and he can’t see anybody. “My Mommy’s with the vegetables,” he informs the man.
“Sorry,” he says, and this isn’t a speech he has much practice giving. After Hell he couldn’t get it up for a while, even when he tried, but this — fuck, this is what he needs, this is why he’s here. She looks up at him, and her eyes are wrong. Everything is wrong.
“I broke it," she says, guilty. "My parents — When they died on the highway, I asked her to use her magic to save them. She said no, it was against the laws of nature, and I... I wanted to punish her for it. So I marched out there, and I ripped a hole in the ring, knowing it would never work the same way again. Knowing I’d cut her off from me.” She rubs at her eyes, lips trembling in the way of someone trying not to cry. “I’ve regretted it so much, and I — I should have done something sooner to fix it, I —”
He hasn’t burnt himself with his Grace since he was a child, but he clenches his fists so hard he feels it scorching the skin of his palms as he storms out of the building.
Dean starts to pace, a slight edge of hysteria in his voice as he says, “I’ve thought my entire life that all my shit decisions, all my heartaches, all my wins were mine alone. Mine, and Sam’s, and yours. But then Chuck wrecked that. It felt like—” He hesitates, and Cas doesn’t rescue him this time. “It felt like none of it was real, Cas. Like I could lash out at you and it wouldn’t matter because you weren’t there for me, anyway. You were there because Chuck wanted you to be, not because you
Dean enjoys coaxing this Castiel out of his grief, giving him something to look forward to. He’s happy when he’s here, drinking beer with his best friend, their shoulders touching as they watch movies Michael ignores.
He’s grateful to see Jody coming through the front door behind the agents. At last, a friendly face. He doesn’t know what Eileen did, but he’s glad she convinced her bosses to let himself and Jody stay on Dean’s case as consultants. Dean needs all the friends he get, and Cas knows he still doesn’t trust the FBI — not even Eileen, though he’s trying to.
“Yes.” Gilda nods. “A nasty one, too. I don’t know his true name — if I did, I could bind him. But his portal was always too close to mine for comfort, at least until your people destroyed it, for which I am so grateful. I’m only sorry he found other, darker magic to get himself back there.”
And it all just makes him so angry, every bit of this fucked up situation. Dean’s angry that Joshua had the nerve to wave a white flag in Cas’s face after apparently abandoning him for years, he’s angry that Cas is so desperate to belong somewhere that he’ll take on a suicide mission to try to get home, he’s angry that the other angels would rather fight Cas than help him fight Lucifer. And he’s mad as all hell at Lucifer for toying with them, for torturing Cas just for kicks. He’s mad at himself for not recognizing the signs of an archangel much sooner, mad at the non-demon hunters at The Bend for letting their guard down and helping the devil gather enough grace to represent a real threat. He’s even mad at Sam and Eileen, sleeping in the room next door, for not saying enough, not saying, “Cas, don’t do this.”
“No, you’re not,” he tells her, an echo of a life he lived long ago, when he was just like her — standing on the edge of emotion, never taking the fall headfirst into it.  He remembers Anna, the anger in her eyes that he couldn’t comprehend. He understands it now. He understands it all now. “You don’t know the feeling.”
He’s slow to recognize his tears and ragged breathing for what they are — the long-postponed breakdown hitting as he sits slumped in the hallway, leaking out every ounce of pain he’s bottled up and shoved down. Dean sobs with a force that threatens to break his brittle bones, bent over until his forehead touches the floor and gasping for air. Now the levy has broken, and he can’t stop the debris sweeping out.
“I wouldn’t,” he swears, and he means it with all his heart. He and Gwen might dream their secret dreams, but in the daylight he knows his duty is to his mother. No one else will stand between her and Samuel. “I’m not leaving.”
Cas stays, though he couldn’t say why, trapped between the bed and the door, unsure of his welcome and yet unwilling to leave until he’s certain Green Eyes knows he’s safe.
Dean scoots forward on his knees, every movement jarring his rib, but he has to touch Cas. He reaches out, carefully placing a hand over Cas’s, pulling him away, getting his own hand soaked in Andrew’s blood.
A quick dash to the kitchen reveals the source of the smoky odor — a sheepish Dean, hair mussed and borrowed pajamas rumpled, standing next to the toaster with a charred piece of bread in his hand.
Just to be contradictory as always, Claire knocks Jack off his feet at that moment with a loud “Ha!”
They sloppily thrust against each other a few times while fully clothed, and Dean can clearly feel Cas’s erection through his sweatpants, which suddenly seem like a huge inconvenience. He sits back on his knees, ignoring Cas’s questioning “Dean?” in favor of looping his fingers under the waistband and tugging slightly, stopping before he gets into dangerous territory.
Cas can’t run — the floor is too pitted and slick, and the edges of the cave too close for comfort. But he starts to walk as fast as he can, ducking under stalactites and jumping over puddles that might just be the ocean coming through.
“Yes,” Cas says. He holds his arms out. “Here. Yesterday I drove to Tacoma, trying to decide what to do about us, and I ended up here. I walked and walked, all through the park, and I kept feeling the urge to get off the trail. To go into the woods. So I did. And I felt him, Dean. I felt Jack. Here.”
It’s while convincing himself that he’s not offended he decides to lie, saying “Joe” without thinking. Immediately both Jason and Diana go “Ohhhh,” in their most mockingly scandalized voices, giggling in unison.
He doesn’t know for sure because it’s never really happened before, but he thinks he’s made a friend.
“Look dude I didn’t mean to bring that shit up I just want you to be ok and you know I’ve been worried about you since... you know”
“It’s weird,” Sam says. “As a kid I wanted to know more about him, but when I watched that video for the first time as a teenager, I cried for two hours straight. I realized that I didn’t know what his voice sounded like until that point. It was like knowing what he sounded like, what he moved like, made it harder.”
Cas follows when he should be leading, still feeling the heat of a blush in his cheeks, and he wonders if maybe this is why he’s drawn to Dean — this cocky irreverence that hides the damage, the wariness and the worry, that Cas knows resides underneath. It’s so different, yet so similar to himself. Only instead of confidence covering pain, Cas has awkwardness. Cas has never been good with people, and yet Dean managed to charm a skeptic like Bobby in one morning. Maybe Cas is just another person who couldn’t resist Dean’s pull, or maybe they’re two sides of the same coin.
“Dean, you’ve been abused and traumatized,” Cas interjects, trying to wrestle this conversation back from Dean’s self-loathing. “You need to cut yourself some slack.” Cas knows he could never take his own advice, but that’s beside the point. “I would like to see justice done for you, and perhaps that’s led me to selfishly push you too hard. I want to help you, and I want to help your friends, but I don’t want to do it at the expense of your well-being.”
“I did all this work,” Dean says, holding up the journal. Cas has seen him at the kitchen table scribbling in the mornings, tapping a pen against his teeth and deciding what to tell this stranger about his life. “And I can’t keep dumping all my shit on you. Like you said, you’re not a therapist.”
Dean sits down on the floor next to her, groaning as his knees crack. Normally Claire would comment on that, tease him about becoming an old man, but this time she just stares at the jar in her hands. It’s some brand Dean’s never heard of, cookie butter with a logo of a smiling sun. He’s pretty sure Sam doesn’t eat this brand.
A silence stretches between them, lasting so long as to be uncomfortable, before Dean says, “Cas, tell me no one in there knew who I was.”
“Claire!” Cas almost chokes on nothing, but she’s already sashaying away, honed in on Roman’s table in the far corner. He turns to Dean, wishing he had his mask to hide his red face. “I’m so sorry.”
Dean, taking the fact that Cas hasn’t moved away from him yet as encouragement, moves to sit on the bed next to him.
“I’m sorry Ann Marie,” comes the soothing voice of the home system. “I don’t understand the command, ‘No, goddamn it.’”
“Fuck,” Dean mutters under his breath. “Alright, you keep your head down, okay?” He pulls his gun out of the glove box, handing Cas a well-worn map at the same time. “If they don’t recognize us, we pretend we got lost. If they do...”
Cas inches toward the door, but Donna says, “I know! I’ve been completely honest with him every step of the way. I let my ex hold me back, and I’m not doing that this time around, no sir.”
“One, two, three, four...” The man counts, angry and harried. Dean starts the engine and guns it, getting a green light right when he needs it for once. He closes the door as they speed southbound toward home.
“Cas,” Dean says, running his hands along Cas’s sides and then over his back, digging his nails in slightly and scratching down, at which point Cas makes the most beautiful sound. “Hey...”
He says that last part quietly, with a hint of disbelief. Dean knows Sam hates having a problem he can’t solve placed in front of him, and this seems beyond both of them. The only one who knows anything is Cas, and he’s shut them out — literally.
“No,” Cas insists, trying to think of a reason to leave when he’s dying to stay. “No ‘but.’ I was going to ask if you’d want to do this again. As a real date.”
Dean doesn’t know how to respond to that. The mechanics of angelic grace are beyond him, so he’s not sure how to comfort Cas here. He decides to try anyway, tentatively resting hand on Cas’s knee.
“By that I mean I don’t spend the night with anybody ever.” Dean’s eye falls closed. “So you’re pretty special I guess.” He’s already drifting back to sleep. Cas snaps to turn the light off.
Dean wants to tell him to leave, to stay gone for good. But he can’t. He opens his bag up and bites hard into a handful of fries. At least with his mouth full he can’t say something stupid, like
At the mall, Dean grows frustrated with the clothes shopping sooner than Cas anticipated, grumpy and dismissive after the first two pairs of jeans and three shirts. Cas starts throwing every item in Dean’s size in their basket, a cornucopia of plaid flannels and band t-shirts and dark colored jeans. Dean grudgingly allows Cas to buy him one pair of boots and one pair of tennis shoes, blushing and grunting when Cas attempts to goad him into picking out more.
If he was in Headquarters, then he’s safe and Cas is slowly killing himself for nothing. But if he’s up here somewhere—
“Shut up!” Gwen grabs Dean’s hand and yanks, pulling him away from the mess hall and the arguing adults. She runs and he blindly follows, heart racing and mind spinning, barely managing to keep his balance as she leads him into the woods.
“What?” Balthazar asks, and Cas stares at her. Anna lets out a hiccuping sob, pressing her fist against her mouth.
But right as the clock strikes ten there’s a knock on the balcony door. Cas doesn’t have to get up to know who it is.
“My life was not wrecked by the supernatural.” There’s a long pause. James still doesn’t look at Dean. “I wrecked my own life.”
But they all know the kids don’t know everything about Halo. They don’t know what the mask does to those who wear it or to the sidekicks who follow them into battle. They haven’t lost anyone yet.
Cas’s face falls in an instant, dropping from agitated to devastated. Yes, Dean’s an absolute asshole, but right now he wants to make Cas feel a fraction of what he feels every damn day, because Dean is the one who is always,
me, and — Was that some kind of punishment? To let me feel wanted before you… Forget it.” His voice is so cold, and Dean thinks of Cas screaming “Don’t touch me!” after Andrew died. This is the anger he lived with for three years. This is the pain Cas wanted to escape from, that Dean didn’t save him from. “I won’t bother you again.”
Cas knows he could let Dean walk out and this would be it, all they get. He should do that. Yes, he can’t protect Dean from the dangers inherent in his occupation, but he can at least try to protect him from the dangers that follow Halo. But Dean is right — he’s being hypocritical. Assuming Dean feels a tenth of the affection Cas feels for him, he’ll be worried and on edge from here on out as well, thinking about Cas roaming the streets at night as Halo.
Something wet against his ear. Words being shouted. “Listen to me, Cas!” it says. “It’s Dean, Cas! It’s Dean!”
“Sugar?” a cautious voice says, and he blinks around the moisture to look up at the waitress. He reads her name tag — Ann. Of course. “Are you sure you’re okay? I know our salads aren’t great, but I’m hoping they’re nothing to cry over.”
“Cas Winchester,” a familiar voice calls from the crowd behind Garth and his family. “How are you holding up?”
“Yeah,” Sam huffs, “and I’ve heard you and Cas having ‘quiet sex’ at least half a dozen times. I’m not subjecting Eileen to that.”
Dean’s already backing up, headed for the rear door as Richie stumbles after him. “He’s gonna kill me, Dean!”
; two, the car isn’t slowing down at all, not even for the driver to gawk at the miniature sun growing on the bridge; and three, the light is pulsing, blinking in time with the thundering beat of Dean’s heart.
look on his face. He gestures to Cas’s lap, where he’s holding the plastic container of fruit and the bear.
The last part is bullshit, but it’s not like Dean can refute it. Yes, he wants to meet them. No, not so soon and not in person. Not when it feels like his whole world is broken and he’s looking at the pieces holding nothing but some scotch tape to try and put it all back together. Not when he’s such a fucking mess. Such a failure.
“Dean, do you remember how you got out of Hell?” Cas asks suddenly. Dean stares at the road through the rain and the rough sweep of the windshield wipers. What kind of question is that? Of course he remembers how he got out of Hell.
Of course Dean is worried about his agonizingly slow healing process. Cas hasn’t been able to help with hunts, he can’t heal the Winchester's injuries or his own. He’s all but useless.
There’s a long silence as their heart rates slow and the adrenaline tapers off. Robert Plant croons softly on the radio, singing “Fool in the Rain.” Exactly like the first night Cas came back.
It’s actually the memory of that happiness that pushes Cas to reject the call. They’re both upset, and they’ll go on to say more upsetting things to each other if they talk right now. Cas doesn’t want to talk about Lisa, or past loves and betrayal, while he’s this angry. Not that they would actually discuss those things in an open way anyway, but he doesn’t want to talk around them, either.
They rut against each other, still partially clothed, until Dean pushes Cas away with a hand. Cas drops him, and Dean backs him into the bed, pushes Cas down onto it. He straddles Cas’s lap, yanks him up by the hair for a bruising kiss. Cas follows Dean’s lead, digging his fingers into Dean’s shoulders and then scraping them down his back. Dean bucks in his lap. Cas’s hands go to his zipper.
“Dean, there’s no way I could restore her memories,” he says, wishing to make it clear that he would help Dean get his happy ending, if only he could. “I wish it were possible, but my grace just isn’t strong enough anymore.”
Dean thinks of a slice of pie at a diner, waiting nervously as Cas took a bite. “Dean, it tastes like molecules.” It seemed like a rejection of more than the pie at the time.
Charlie smiles down at the small ring of bright grass, complete with new flowers — bluebonnets picked from the side of the highway replanted with care in the broken spot.
The fight can’t last more than a minute, but every move Cas makes, Hellfire is one step ahead of him. Every punch and kick is blocked, every blast of Grace met by an equally powerful shield of Hellfire’s unknown power. Cas feels his frustration building, and with it his fear — the guns have gone silent, and he doesn’t know where Jack and Claire are. He’s not one for retreat — he’s never needed to be, he can’t remember the last time an opponent got the upper hand — but even as the punches fly he’s looking for an escape route and a way to find the kids.
Because earlier, when they were waiting for Lisa to get packed and pick up breakfast, Dean fell into a pretty deep nap right there in the front seat (the pros of growing up in a car — you can fall asleep anywhere). And while he was sleeping, with Cas right the fuck next to him, watching over him, Dean had a vague, sort of hazy dream that mostly involved him pushing Cas against their motel room wall and then trying to tear off Cas’s button-down with his teeth while grinding his erection against Cas’s leg. All the while, in the dream, Cas was just continuously moaning in Dean’s ear, with these soft, breathy gasps mixed in whenever Dean would get a button pulled off and would suck a kiss on his chest, and it’s frankly a goddamn miracle that Dean did not come in his pants.
Slowly he pries Dean’s hands from his ears, resisting the urge to wipe the blood off his upper lip. “Can you hear me?” Cas asks, and Dean nods, yells, “It’s muffled!” Cas looks up. The other passengers, realizing the noise is gone, are starting to move their curled hands away from their ears, nervously looking around the bus. Cas realizes the Demons are moving, too.
But of course Sam would bring Lisa right back to the forefront of his mind, all for the sake of one of his girly, heavy-on-the-feelings conversations.
, Dean’s brain supplies, and he starts to feel that slight ache again, both in his head and his heart.
“It’s not the same, Cas.” She looks away but allows him to keep holding her hands. “I mean, it took me years to really forgive you, and you didn’t even mean for my dad to die.”
“She left,” Dean spits out, warring between angry and devastated. “She left and she didn’t come back and she hurt you and I can never keep anyone with me, not even you, you always leave, Cas, I can’t, you can’t possibly want this forever, you’ll resent me for it, I know you will....”
He hates how Sam’s eyes fill with obvious pity. “Right, sorry, I... right.” Sam laughs humorlessly. “Guess we both already know how that feels.”
“I’m not,” Mama says with conviction. She pulls back to look him in the eyes, and he’s reminded of the fierce ways she guarded him as a child. Hiding under tables, bandaging his cuts and bruises, redirecting Samuel’s rages. All the things he didn’t see, couldn’t remember, because he was too caught up in the idea of protecting her. She touches his face with her palm. “I’m sorry for what he did to you, what I allowed him to do. But I’ll never be sorry for sparing you this.” She smiles. “And you’re not the only one who wanted to be free, Dean.”
“Damn right,” Gabe says. Dean hears an obnoxious crunching sound over the line. The idiot is probably eating hard candy again. How all his teeth haven’t fallen out is beyond Dean. “I’m the interesting one.”
Dean comes out of the bathroom, walks quietly over to the bed, and sits down next to Cas. He doesn’t speak for a long while.
The kids fall silent, looking at their hands. Even Krissy, forever equipped with a snappy comeback, seems subdued by the accusation of a far more serious crime than tagging.
“I mean it, Cas,” she says, eyes roving over him like she’s checking for visible injuries, not emotional ones. “How are you?”
Dean kicks him again, and Alastair spits out blood. It smears across his cracked lips. “Halo was going
“You’re coming with me, angel,” the demon says, smacking Cas’s head back into the wall and pointing the end of the demon-killing knife at his throat. “I know a lot of things that will pay good money for your grace — and your head.”
“I saw you come in,” he says by way of explanation, pulling his glasses off his nose. He nods at the intern, says, “Thank you, Kevin” in dismissal, then turns back to Cas. “Would you like to step into my office, Mr. Novak?”
“Oh god...” Everything that follows seems to happen in a blur — the man blinks, and Cas hears his rattling breath; Cas frantically grabs onto his knees with one arm, clumsily attempting to support him by creating slack in the rope to let him breathe. Cas saws at the rope one-handed, muttering, “You’re going to be okay, I’ve got you, hold on, you’re going to be fine” as he tries to support the weight of a full-grown man and cut through a thick piece of hemp at the same time.
“I’ve drawn out everything I could while still keeping enough to remain an angel.” Cas pulls at the cord around his neck, bringing up a vial filled with grace and Sam’s blood. Each spell requires both ingredients. “You’ll use half of this on the spell to open the Empty; half I’ll keep. I’ll need it to cure Dean of the Mark. And if I need more —" He gestures to the vein running along his neck. “— I’ll take more.”
Cas is a middle-aged man and he knows it’s not cute for him to pout, but he says, “Claire got some!”
“I’ll just wait here then,” he says with a reassuring smile, and Dean nods, grateful. Cas watches him until he’s inside, then leans back against the headrest and closes his eyes to take a nap.
“What do you think caused it?” he asks Cas, who’s staring out the window at the fields they’re passing through, eyes on the cattle slowly making their way through the muck and the mud.
“I’m sorry I missed dinner, but I’m not really hungry right now. Would you mind if I leave mine for Sam? We can go to bed...”
“Wendell Perkins doesn’t match the other victims, either. They were all college-aged or teenage students, either home or vacationing for the week.”
He and Sam both look at Dean, and he sees the family resemblance in their identical expectantly raised eyebrows. He looks at them and he sees two men used to being listened to and respected, and they’re not Samuel but he still has to look away. He finds Mary’s eyes, and they’re filled with pity.
“You’re supposed to be on my side,” Dean snaps. “If Jess disappeared from your life for nine fucking months and then she called me up out of the blue to tell me where she’d been, you think I’d keep that from you?”
talk. It just—” He growls, frustrated. “It comes and goes and I can’t fucking control it! The way they were looking at me—” Not like someone they didn’t recognize, but like someone they
He’s still staring transfixed at the angry blush working its way through Cas’s cheeks when Eileen says, “Hey! Earth to Dean?” He starts back to reality with a slow blink.
Dean nods, wiping at his eyes. Cas turns off the light in the kitchen, and together they walk down the hall to Dean’s room. Dean touches Cas’s arm, soft and light above the crook of his elbow, before he goes in.
“They don’t just go away. But it’s okay. I know now, so please, just let me help however I can. Even if all I can give you is a stupid good luck feather. And sex. Sex could be the cure for everything, now that I think about it.”
After Death snapped his fingers and vanished with his brother, gone forever, leaving Sam alone to fall apart in some shitty Mexican restaurant, he hadn’t felt like going back to Kansas.
“When I said you could do more with your money, I didn’t picture this,” Dean admits, absently running his finger along the edge of his glass.
He kneels down right in front of them, and Dean sees Eileen eyeing the blade like maybe she can reach out and take it, stab him with it. Dean shakes his head.
“I’ve seen a lot of things in parks,” he says, and Dean glances up at him, curious at the change in subject. “I’ve been a park ranger for a long time, about a decade. I’ve caught at least five separate couples having sex, which isn’t so odd for this line of work, but I can’t imagine it’s a standard job hazard for others. Certainly no one ever told me about it during school. The amount of used condoms I’ve seen could fill a museum, make an exhibit called ‘Cas’s Worst Nightmare.’”
“I’m more into restoration.” John throws his arm over the back of Mary’s chair. “Your mother knows her way around an engine, but she likes to handle the administration side of the business more these days.”
And he left. Cas took off without telling Dean where he’d gone, and Dean’s already broken heart shattered. The university called it a “leave of absence for personal reasons,” got someone else to finish Cas’s classes for the semester, and refused to tell Dean anything. Sam and Bobby and Jo and Benny tried to help pick up the pieces, but there was only so much they could do. Dean played big and lost. He lost by such a large margin he drove Cas out of town and drove himself deeper into the bottle than he’d been since Dad died.
Sam is silent for several long seconds. Dean oddly looks like he’s on the verge of breaking the phone, he’s holding it so tightly, his eyes shut and face scrunched in apparent pain.
It probably shouldn’t be a surprise. Dean’s sex life, after all, consists almost entirely of one night stands, and if he’s not gone in the morning the other person should be. And Cas — Cas fought against their obvious connection for so long, only to give in when he thought he was going to die. So Dean shouldn’t expect to wake up next to him.
Cas looks at her and he sees the fierce love in her eyes. It’s a miracle, that love. He doesn’t deserve it, even though he worked so hard for so long to earn it.
“I can’t tell if you’re mocking me or not.” Cas brandishes the sauce ladle at Dean. “But you should have seen their faces when our housekeeper Ellen told them we’d be taking the cost out of their allowances. Jack was thirteen at the time, and he cried like a small child. ‘But Aunt Ellen, that would take a thousand years!’” He smiles. “Claire told him not to be an idiot, that we would never do that to them. But she was afraid of Ellen, too.”
“You need to be careful what you say.” Tara’s voice is hard. “You’re going to get yourself in hot water talking like that.”
“Yeah,” Dean says, “I think so, too. I was hoping to get a closer look at whatever’s in MacLeod’s briefcase, but Claire’s doing my job for me.” They keep their knees turned together, careful to watch the table peripherally. “What have you heard about him?”
“I know.” Dean plays with his butter knife, absent-mindedly twirling it around in one hand. Mary wonders if he even realizes he’s doing it. “Cas and Sam told me everything. I know you’re sorry.”
“Thirty minutes. See ya soon.” He hangs up before she can protest, tossing his phone onto the seat between him and Cas. Cas raises his eyebrows.
“I’m fine,” he says, although his nose is throbbing. He glances down at the little drops of blood on his shirt. “I can go in the —” He looks back up, and Cas is right there, eyes huge and worried and very blue. Dean sucks in a breath, and Cas stares at him. Dean kisses him.
“Krissy,” Dean says, and he’s pleased when the teenagers jump. The boy, standing off to side, looks like he’s about to piss his pants. “What the hell are you doing out here at 3 in the morning?”
Cas pulls his hand away at the accusatory note, and Dean reaches to take it back. “I’m sorry,” he says. “I know they’re adults and it’s not my place…”
“Hello?” Cas is groggy, only half awake as he answers his phone, rolling over to avoid an irritated swat from Gracie. He checks his bedside alarm clock. 5:22. Almost time to get up anyway.
Mary raises her eyebrows at the implications, though she’s fully aware times have changed and it’s not her place to say anything, really, if that’s how Dean finds his happiness. She wants him to be happy. She regrets almost taking that away from him.
God, it’s a miracle they didn’t wreck on the way here, wherever here is. Still somewhere in Nebraska.
“You don’t have to stay, you know,” he says, and Cas says, “But you want me to.” Dean relaxes against him, the same way he does every time Cas gets it, knows what he needs without Dean having to say the words. It’s such a relief to be together like this, to fall together without even trying.
“That is odd.” Considering how many hikers they have to search for every year after they wander off-trail, a nighttime, unlit bolt into the wilderness ranks high on the list of “Things You Shouldn’t See in the Park.” “Did you pursue?”
“A promotion. Mmm. They grow up so fast.” Her eyes flicker from yellow to brown as she looks him over. “I’ve been promoted, too, you know.”
“I’ll always choose you over anyone, Dean,” he says with steady conviction. “This was not me picking sides. It’s a family matter. I thought it best for Sam to explain his own reasoning for meeting with your mother.”
He doesn’t respond to Claire because he doesn’t know what to say. His head is throbbing and he can’t explain to this 18-year-old that he can’t handle his grief or his liquor, and he can’t say those words again.
. Dean nods, understanding. “Samuel was like that.” His stomach churns, remembering Caleb and Gwen’s sudden arranged marriage. “It wasn’t even religious, I don’t think. He just wanted to control every aspect of my life.”
It’s really an unfortunate coincidence that Cas decides to sneak off somewhere the same day Sam’s scheduled to meet with Mary in person for the first time in months. It means Dean's already strung-out and suspicious when Sam makes up some terrible excuse about a soil exhibit before ducking out of the kitchen and practically running to the garage. He’d planned to take the Impala, but, still mentally kicking himself for saying "soil exhibition," he gets behind the wheel of an old Rolls Royce instead. Cas’s truck is already gone.
“Oh,” Dean says, disappointed. He’d forgotten about the Marfa lights, but as a kid he’d loved the idea of aliens hanging around west Texas. It’s kind of a bummer to have that childhood spook story retroactively ruined.
As is, hearing Dean ask about the other angels pulls at something deep within Cas, something he’s tried, mostly successfully, to bury after Lucifer left his body. He can feel that spark of panic stirring up, and he can’t stop the flash of memories that begin chasing each other through his mind...
It’s a shitfest, and it can’t get any worse. That is, until Dean hears the knock on the hotel room door.
“No,” she says, and Dean shudders to hear her voice again, “I already explained this to some guy named Tom last week. I’d like to cancel the service. Yes, I have my account number...”
“I’m fine, Dean,” Cas mutters irritably, but the way he leans heavily against Dean’s side implies he’s just the opposite. “I need to see the bodies.”
”Jesus, I need to stop drinking.” Dean closes his eyes and presses the heels of his hands into his eyelids, trying to will Cas away.
Sam spends most of the three-hour drive listening to the oldies station the radio seems to be stuck on and jiggling his left leg nervously, eyes occasionally darting to his phone in the passenger seat. Dean hasn’t tried to contact him. Sam almost calls Cas, but “Hey, we can’t both go do shit behind Dean’s back at the same time” is not a conversation he really wants to have right now.
“No, it doesn’t excuse it. But that wasn’t your mother, Dean. That was all Ketch.” Dean mutters something that sounds suspiciously like, “And I’ll kill him for it,” and Cas waits patiently to continue. “Mary came to break me out as soon as she discovered what Ketch had planned.”
Cas crosses to the bed with care, avoiding the spots where he knows the floorboards creak and shudder. He closes the laptop, cutting off the sounds of a Middle Earth battle, and carefully pulls the throw blanket at the end of the bed over Dean. Dean stirs, mouth closing and opening again, eyes scrunched in sleep, but he doesn’t wake. Cas tiptoes back out of the room, closing the door softly behind him.
Sam decides to stay in Kuna after all, even after Dean updates him on the Lisa and Ben situation, so he can use the motel internet there to take a closer look at the news stories surrounding Lacey Parks’ death. He’ll start the long drive to meet them first thing tomorrow morning. Cas doesn’t know whether to feel relieved he’ll have more time alone with Dean or stressed to lose their best buffer.
It scratches at a place in his brain he didn’t know itched, probing and prodding. Why did it sound so familiar?
Dean’s never really spent any time at The Bend, but it’s easy enough to spot the old bunkhouse, set to the left and slightly behind the main building. It’s where the other hunters stay during their downtime, and Seth’s offered them a room there before, not that they’d have any incentive to accept it with the bunker just a few hours drive away.
The next time Cas wakes there’s a thin beam of light falling across the bottom of the bed. He groans as he sits up, head pounding, and glares accusingly at the empty liquor bottles on his bedside table.
“I know,” he says gently, “and I believe you. But I’m not finished. Dean, I’ll go home with you and we can work to fix this together, but there’s something I need to make clear first: I’m in love with you.” Dean’s mouth falls open slightly in shock. Cas soldiers on, knowing if he stops now he’ll never say it again. “I love you. That’s why you hurt me so much, that’s why I ran, and that’s why I’m standing here, finally telling you the truth. We can’t live like we used to, leaving these big things unsaid. The truth is I hide more from you than you hide from me, so no more. I love you.”
“Yeah, I got it.” He doesn’t get it. Dean looks at the road so he doesn’t have to look at Cas while he drives another wedge between them. At least this time it will be his choice. “I just wished it changed anything.”
Throbbing headache forgotten, lost somewhere in the adrenaline and endorphins, Dean surges forward, locking his mouth on Cas’s and pushing him back onto the bed. Cas arches against him when Dean settles his weight fully across his body, claiming his mouth again with a possessive kiss, loving when Cas spreads his legs wider to accommodate him.
“The boy hero,” Alastair croons. Dean jerks his head around, eyes widening when he sees Cas. “All of us together again, just like old times.” He laughs again, that infernal sound that haunts Cas’s nightmares, and Cas feels the sparks in his fingertips. “Look at you! A full-grown Halo! Every bit as righteous as this one, with hands just as bloody.” Alastair rolls onto an elbow, sitting halfway up and staring up at Dean. “Did he tell you how many he killed in his rampage to avenge you? Did he tell you he and Daddy destroyed my people?”
He hears Dean walk out of Chuck’s room and close the door. He lifts his head and turns around, ignoring Anna’s red eyes. Dean looks as tired as Cas feels, slumping against the wall. Charlie and the burly man both move toward him, but he shakes his head.
Grace is a complicated power, and it takes many forms. Usually it fits neatly inside a human body, controllable in short bursts of energy with concentrated effort. An expert user can start to warp Grace, manipulate it to do other things beyond telekinesis — sensory heightening, physical healing, even short-range teleportation in extremely rare cases. When you lose control over it — or let loose of it — it will try to escape your body. Uncontrolled Grace can flatten cities. Chuck used to warn them against letting go. “When you get very, very angry or upset,” he said, “it will burst out of you if you let it. It can kill others. It can kill you. You have to master it. You have to shape it. Don’t let it shape you.”
But above all Dean hates how he’d looked at Sam, like he wanted to bring him home and add him to his collection of trophy hunters. He also hated the way Seth looked at him — like he wanted to shoot Dean when his back was turned. To think of him having James Novak at his disposal makes Dean shudder.
“What is it?” Dean tries not to let the pain bleed through, he really does, but he can’t help it if his voice reflects that he’s bracing himself for a blow.
“Come on.” She touches his arm gently. “Ellen’s coming down to keep an eye on him, and Claire and Balthazar are waiting for your debriefing.”
Dean said no. Cas loses so much sleep as is, even on the nights when he curls up in the backseat of the Impala to catch a few hours. At least Dean gets to sleep during the day. Cas sticks to naps between classes. It’s probably why he got sick in the first place.
“Here.” Cas scoops her up, cringing when her claws dig into his forearm. “I’m going to feed her and put her in my room. If you’ll follow us down the hall, your room is the second door on the right. First one is the bathroom if you need it.”
“I could come in if you still wanted to try the ‘talking to her through me’ thing.” Cas does air quotes, and Dean shoots him a grudging smile.
Jason laughs from his spot at the end of the table, and Ann Marie glares at him. He rolls his eyes and goes back to eating his cereal. Sandy says, “Mom!” yet again, and Cas considers intervening.
Breakfast passes quickly and in silence, and since Cas has the day off, they leave for the mall in the nearest city. Dean sits with his notepad on his lap, unused, watching the mountains. Cas sneaks glances at him to see Dean’s eyes following the ridges and peaks, the streams that pass by the road. It’s a beautiful drive, though not one he takes often, and Dean’s absorption indicates he’s seen this road even less than Cas. Another point toward Bobby’s theory.
“We didn’t look that hard for the stronghold,” he confesses. “I didn’t want to, and Dean wouldn’t go off without me. We acted like it was a vacation, goofed off at the beach every day. I had
The roads downtown and in the more affluent outer suburbs, closer to Shurley Manor, are a grid system and thus almost impossible to get lost on. The warehouse district follows no such pattern. The roads wind in and out of factory buildings and rail yards, either dead-ending on private property or winding their way all the way down the Cliff Road to the ocean. Cas knows the way, though. When the police call comes in over his long-range scanner, Cas is almost at Roman Inc. He can see the massive complex in the distance, a slightly darker blot of black against the night sky, lit only by the red sign announcing its name. Roman would have called his men as soon as he heard Red Mask’s threat, but he was likely too late to stop an operation already in progress.
“Dean,” he says, “every instinct you’ve had has been to protect him. I don’t know what’s going on here, but I don’t think... I don’t think you would have tortured him. You were done with that a decade ago, man. And he let you near him until that night with the demon. He’s hurt and he’s traumatized, so he lashed out at us.”
“Nah,” he says with an ease Cas knows is faked. “I just hadn’t made up my mind yet. But I remember you pretty well, Alastair. I know what you look like when you think you’re winning. You want to die because it’s your only way out of here.” He leans down, getting into Alastair’s face. The Demon bares his teeth. “I think I’ll leave you to rot instead.”
”You haunting me now?” His voice is hoarse, raw from yelling or crying or both. “You gonna tell me how I always fail the people I love? Or maybe, I don’t know, you’d like to apologize for this, ‘cause this—” He grits his teeth, and Cas flinches, “—this is on you!”
When Sam sees “Mary Winchester” flash across his phone (not “Mom,” not anymore) he almost doesn’t answer. He’s alone in the bunker — Dean and Cas went out to shop for groceries or something — and he’s not sure he can handle this conversation by himself.
“Great. Singer, Novak, if you think of any insight on the park or the surrounding land that might be useful, feel free to call me. Novak, I’d like you to keep visiting Dean. It doesn’t matter if he talks to me, so long as he talks to someone.”
“He does.” Dean’s surprised to hear Mama’s voice coming from behind them. He turns in his chair to see she’s standing in the doorway, a shopping bag hanging from her elbow. Her graying hair is tied back in a short ponytail, and she looks tired. “We agreed if we did this we’d keep him in school, Samuel. I don’t know how to teach older students and he’s too smart to stop his lessons.”
“I suppose I can’t stop you,” he calls back, words somewhat slurred. “Come on in, the water’s gin.” He holds up his bottle and wishes he could laugh.
It’s hectic trying to shop with two small children. Mary remembers Sam crying throughout the day, and John says he must have been up all night the night before, too, because they were both exhausted. John pushed the cart while Mary held Sam, who refused to be set down or he would cry again.
He stumbles over a gopher hole in the thick, tall grass and lands flat on his face. Dean shoves his fist in his mouth and bites down to keep from screaming at the sharp pain shooting through his nose. He rolls onto his side and stays still, breathing harshly around his hand as he wonders if he should get back up and run for the barn or stay hidden in the unmowed grass.
Cas misses him so much, and it’s only been five days. He wishes Sam were here, that this was something they could do together.
Dean lets his head droop to rest against Cas’s shoulder, and Cas’s arms come up to envelope him in a hug. “I’m glad they’re safe,” he mutters into Cas’s shirt, “but I wish I would have been there. It’s not just about them, either. It’s— It’s selfish, Cas; I wanted to be able to tell him that he didn’t own me.”
Sam tosses the burner at Cas, who watches it bounce off his clumsy, slow hands and into the floorboard.
But even though that same wind likes to blow mightily against his home, a little one-story, two-bedroom, early 1900s farmhouse with poor insulation, Cas loves watching Beinn Diabhal wake up — the sky changes from deep blue to light purple, the sun pushes over the highest ridge, and light falls on the trees like a blanket being pulled off someone in slumber, sending the night creatures scurrying to bed and the day creatures running off to find food. Sometimes, sitting here in the morning with Gracie beside him and the mountain in front of him, Cas thinks maybe he’s finally found a home to stay in.
Just as he’s wishing Sam were with him, Cas hears a door open across the lot. A little boy is leaving one of the rooms, shutting the door softly behind him. He’s quiet as he walks out into the night, his hands shoved into his jacket pockets. He casts a quick backwards glance at the door, as if to make sure he’s not being followed, then turns toward Cas. When the boy spots him, he stops cold.
She begins the story Cas knows by heart because he was there — Ann Marie actually met Dean first (and slept with him, though she always leaves that part out in front of her kids), when he was a demon. Sam, following his brother’s trail, talked at length with the pretty blonde waitress who’d recently seen the elder Winchester. He gave her his number in case Dean came back, and they both forgot about it. Nearly two years later Ann Marie found Sam’s fake FBI business card in the bottom of her purse. She called just to see if Sam ever found his mark, and then she mentioned off-handedly that the bar she worked at was experiencing some strange phenomena at night. Cas and Sam arrived to investigate, and the rest is history.
Stomach sinking at the image of a bunch of children trapped in a cult classroom, Cas says, “You didn’t get out of your camp much, then?”
Dean says goodbye to his brother and hangs up the phone. Cas hasn’t forgotten what Sam said about Dean hiding something from him, but Dean looks so pleased they’ve figured out the case that he can’t bring himself to ask him what Sam meant.
. A boy he loved and a man he made love to, and Cas thinks he might hate Dean in this moment when he confirms all of Cas’s worst fears.
“When I told her over the phone she wasn’t like this,” Jody says. She’s talking to Sam in a low voice, but Dean hears her over Claire’s fading, thudding footsteps as the younger woman stomps away from the war room. “She tried to act like it didn’t matter. She said she barely knew him.”
“Maybe,” the trucker says. His voice is rough, but not with a low timbre like Dean’s. It’s scrubbed and raw, the clear sign of a lifetime smoker. “I was wonderin’ —” The man shifts some more, and Cas stares at him. “You just seem like maybe you might could use a little company tonight.”
Cas doesn’t know. He wonders if that makes him a hypocrite. He decides to stop lurking, holding up the greasy bags of burgers he picked up from McDonald’s and stepping into the light. “I’ve got food, if you two can drop the car parts for two seconds!”
Diana shifts uncomfortably in her heels, and Cas sympathizes. It’s a miserable day for a graveside service. Wearing black in hundred-degree heat, standing around in uncomfortable clothes waiting to have uncomfortable conversations with people who have no idea what this loss really means — he wants to go home. He can only imagine how the Winchesters feel.
Cas wonders about his place in the Winchester lore outside of Chuck’s series, but he doesn’t ask. The Barrs shuffle awkwardly, looking at each other with pointed glances. Cas tilts his head, questioning.
“Something small, a few well-trained agents. The FBI isn’t going to let me just waltz into the woods alone. Don’t worry, I’m not interested in a firefight anymore than you are.”
“First hookup?” He thinks back to his early twenties, drunken and desperate and lonely, his world falling down around his ears. “Some man I met in Europe on a business trip with my father.” They’d met while Cas was on a hunt, looking for Azazel and Alistair. Cas’d been so strung out back then, wasting away and needing to feel something. Anything. He doesn't remember much about the encounter except it left him feeling worse, not better.
“Cas, did they say anything while they were torturing you?” Cas’s hands start shaking again. Dean barely manages to stop himself from reaching out to him. “Anything about what they had to gain from hurting you?”
? No one questions Pa. No one. That’s not how life here works. You listen to what he says, you follow his every order, you train like the good little soldiers Pa wants you to be. That’s all Dean’s ever gonna be — a soldier. And he’s not even good at it.
Dean shakes his head vehemently. “Hell no. I had some idea by then what a piece of shit he was, but I had to keep appearances up. I didn’t really know I could leave yet. So I would hang out at the Roadhouse, and sometimes I would sleep with somebody, but I didn’t actively recruit anyone.”
“I doubt it. You don’t have to keep it. But I will say, I kept grabbing on to it last night when I was most worried about you, and it kind of made me feel better. Maybe it’s good luck.”
Cas opens his mouth and closes it, disregarding whatever it was he wanted to say. He hesitantly lays a hand over Dean’s, squeezing it. Dean doesn’t move away.
A pretty blonde lady is on the screen now, standing in front of what looks like a police station. She’s crying, clinging to the arm of a man with dark hair and darker eyes who’s staring at the ground like he’s lost.
Cas lazily flips him off, then says, “This time you can enter the shower with me so there are no surprises.” A corner of his mouth ticks up in a lopsided grin. “Dean?”
“Mr. Novak.” He’s beaming, ecstatic to snag a table with such high tip potential. “Welcome to El Cobra. My name is Gary, and I’ll be your server this evening. Can I interest you in our wine collection?”
“Yeah, Dean, of course. I mean, you’ve died for me, man. It would be kinda hard not to know after that.”
Dean turns his head into Cas’s chest, breathing in the scent of his deodorant and cologne. “I don’t know if I’ll even be able to talk to them,” he admits. After Cas fell asleep last night, Dean stayed up staring at the popcorn ceiling and trying to practice forming the words.
That’s an order he’s heard before. His feet start to obey it before his head can protest. Cas follows her blindly through the Men of Letters headquarters as she twists and turns through hallways and down stairwells, narrowly avoiding detection. When the alarms start to blare he hears Mary say “Damn it!” before she turns to him, reaching out to cup his face with her free hand.
”Yeah, I...” Sam shakes his head. “I’ve been getting tossed around in here for what feels like hours. I’ve seen Dad die, me die, you die. Dean’s head is—” Sam’s mouth opens and closes, lost for words.
He sits straight up, startling Gracie. She leaps from her spot on his chest with a hiss, swatting at his leg in retribution.
“Cocky,” he says, but there’s fondness behind it. “And unfortunately,” Dean adds, standing up and shoving the boxers into his duffle, “very right.”
“Don’t be ridiculous,” he says, forcing a smile for no one as he reaches the bottom of the stairwell and presses his hand to the keypad next to the basement door. “Halo doesn’t take time off.”
“He’s after Ben,” Sam says, and immediately Dean moves to stand close to Ben and Lisa. Cas moves toward them, too. If Perkins materializes next to the boy again, he has to be there to catch him.
He raises his own hands, his Grace throbbing from the attack, and he looks at his new foe and wonders for a dizzying, terrifying moment,
Cas is sure to stomp every step of the way, though he knows he’ll pay for his attitude when his father gets home and his mother rats him out. He even slams his door, loud enough that the thumping of Anna’s dancing in the next room stops for a few seconds. When she resumes her stupid exercises, Cas flings himself onto his bed, staring at the ceiling.
“You just got here.” He looks up from the stove at Cas, voice low and eyes hard. “Now you’re off again?” Dean sees Sam shifting in his chair, and he remembers he’s already revealed too much this morning. “I mean—”
He’s in the car and backing out before Dean can think to respond. He kicks out half-heartedly at a rear tire as Sam drives away.
A whole chunk of the concrete divider is — gone. Nothing but a hole in the wall left in its place, right where the light went through it.
Ellen is a smart woman. She also practically raised them. Cas can see her eyes roving over each of their faces in turn, frown locked in place. She knows they’re up to something. She’s deciding whether to force them to admit it or not.
“I always did want an epic journey,” she says. “Like Dorothy or Alice. A quest. To step through the looking glass and fight the dragon and get the girl.”
Cas can practically feel their reevaluation, all the ways he’s changed in their eyes over the past few weeks. Everyone has a past, but perhaps he should have explained his before it showed up at his doorstep in a Zorro mask.
Claire has excellent timing tonight, sweeping up to the bar and taking Cas’s elbow before he can try to out himself as Halo (again). “It’s done,” she whispers in his ear. “Table bugged; they’re none the wiser.”
Dean rolls his eyes as his phone beeps with another text message alert, but he smiles when he checks it.
“My brother, Sam, and I, we used to actually run into angels a lot. Helped one track down her grace, even. Sam’s real good with the research stuff, so he can help you with the signs Seth said you’ve been tracking. And me?” Dean smiles his most roguish smile and spreads his arms. “I’m the muscle. Between the three of us — well, four, Sam’s wife Eileen, she’s great — I’m sure we can find what you’re looking for.”
Cas is rereading his seat number for the fifth time — he doesn’t want to forget it as soon as he boards and hold up the line — when his phone rings. Anna’s name and face flash across the screen. For a moment Cas considers rejecting her.
“Well, it wasn’t so bad.” Dean grins, and Jack smiles back, a little unsure. He’s a lot like Cas in that way — meeting new people doesn’t come easily to him. But where Cas is abrupt to the point of offense, Jack is just plain shy.
“You have.” Cas idly stirs sugar into his coffee, erasing the leaf design Benny made in the foam. “I’m aware of your stance on billionaires.”
Green Eyes looks at Cas, pleading, as if Cas might save him from this, too. Cas wants to say something, to tell Leahy to back off, but this isn’t his investigation. Green Eyes isn’t his witness, and he can’t do anything to jeopardize his place in this room, to risk his ability to make sure Green Eyes gets out of this alright.
Smoke fills the room from top to bottom, and behind him another wall falls, sending a trembling shock through the heated wooden floor. Dean might try to shout. He does pass out, eyes fluttering closed as the smoke grows too dense to see beyond his outstretched hands.
“There’s a letter inside,” she says, gesturing to the envelope. Her face screws up, and she takes a deep breath before speaking again. “It will tell you what you need to know. You’re old enough now to decide for yourself what kind of life you want.”
“Because you’re a good man.” Cas pulls back, rolling his eyes. They’re a little moist. “Because you’re a
He doesn’t take his time rolling on the condom because that’s second nature by now, but Dean does pause before entering Cas to kiss him deeply, pouring all his love into it. Cas kisses back like he’s starved for it, and Dean doesn’t press in until Cas pulls away and says, “Dean,
Dean hates the idea of trapping Castiel in holy fire — something about it just seems unreasonably cruel — but he nods. They’ll do this Sam’s way if it gets Cas immediate help.
Jack turns around, gripping a pint of ice cream in one hand. “So,” he says awkwardly after a few seconds, as if he’s just decided he can’t sneak out on crutches. “You must be Dean.”
Jody gathers herself enough to nod, shaking Tran’s hand and thanking the doctor for her help. Cas follows the action woodenly, hand too loose in Tran’s tight grip. He’s thinking of Green Eyes, their John Doe, alone and defenseless in a hospital room.
Sam thinks, then he wonders if one of them should go check on Cas. They might need to move out quickly, whether he’s healed up or not. It makes Sam itch to stay in one place too long with unknown threats prowling outside, trying to circle around them. Grace depleted or not, Cas is apparently a beacon of bad luck, and someone needs to go tell him to prep for a quick escape if necessary.
“My father was Halo,” he says, focusing so he doesn’t slur too much. He’s drunk, but not nearly drunk enough for this conversation. He stares at the rumpled bed sheets as he continues, “The original Halo. He was born with Grace. He witnessed his parents’ murder when he was teenager, and after that he decided to hone his Grace — to train himself to use it as a weapon and not just as a party trick. He got... very, very good at it. And so he decided to take down men like his parents’ killer as a vigilante.”
“I know exactly who you are, just like I know who Halo was,” Dagon responds. “I could start dropping names,” and the passengers shift in their seats, wide eyed, “but I like watching you sweat. You’re cute when you’re scared.” Cas scowls. “Do you remember what happened the last time we had you in our care? You were so
Dean rubs a hand down his face, pulling at his tired eyes. He looks at his watch. 4:37. Twenty-three minutes till Sam calls. He rests his shaky hands on the steering wheel and reminds himself he’s faced down criminals, stared down the barrel of a gun. So maybe his car turned itself on and off. Big deal. That’s nothing compared to the things he’s lived through.
Sam starts talking to Lisa about workout regimens and the benefits and drawbacks of high-fat, low-carb diets. Lisa occasionally asks Cas about his opinions on various exercises, and Cas answers from a purely speculative standpoint. He doesn’t need to actually workout to maintain his vessel, after all, but she clearly mistakes him for a runner and he can’t correct her. Dean looks miserable for the duration of the conversation.
Sam is there too, standing next to the Impala, which Dean is happy to see arrived in one piece at least, and talking to a very agitated-looking Lisa.
Dean picks it up before Cas can say anything, turning it over in his hands with an unreadable expression on his face.
Balthazar takes a moment to breathe before he asks, “What the hell was he talking about? Dad has Corruption?”
He’s watched Dean make soup — homemade, not canned like this — many times. Watched him add in vegetables, spices, meat, stir and taste and smile. Cas never tried any of Dean’s soup. He never needed to eat it. But he suspects it doesn’t taste like the chief ingredient is sadness the way his own does.
He pulls again, harder this time, bracing one foot against the dashboard and pushing his body up to put more weight on the handle. Though it’s still unlocked, the handle is somehow jammed.
“But then Hell came,” Cas says, stroking Dean’s hair. “At the time, all demons except Cain and Lilith were fallen angels. Lucifer had just been banished to the cage, and his minions had not yet discovered what he already knew — that human souls are the greatest source of energy in the universe. Until then, there had been no deals except the one between Cain and Eve. But as soon as they saw Eve’s soul, they knew what it was worth, what they could warp it into — something like Lilith, like Cain. A new, insidious breed of evil."
“I have a theory,” Gwen announces, leaning back as far as she can in the tight space, pressing her back into a tree trunk. “I think you’re seeing the future.”
Tears rise in his eyes, horror and despair at the thought of the place he’d marked for his salvation being the place where he breathes his last.
There’s not really another word to describe it. Even though Mary and John both hugged him upon arriving, even though John clapped Cas hard on the back and told him they owe him everything, even though Bobby of all people is trying to play referee by talking cars with John and Mary, who apparently own an auto restoration shop, there’s still too much silence. For the past minute, all Dean’s heard is the scratching of utensils against plates and the soft sounds of chewing.
Cas zips his bag and turns back to Dean, who’s searching for something on the floor, the tips of his ears reddening.
“Hannah, the little girl who drowned? Sam, Cas and I already kinda figured out this isn’t a ghost deal. The stomping in the forest after Lacey Parks? Monster.”
He walks past them, wary eyes darting between his former opponents. The burly man nods, and Charlie gives him a light push. Cas runs.
“Hey.” He puts both hands on either side of Cas’s face, holding it gently in place. “Hey, we can keep doing this...” Dean suggestively thrusts his ass back a little, smiling again when it rubs Cas’s cock and Cas’s eyes fall shut. “Or we can go further, if you want.”
“Hello.” Cas resists the urge to rudely peer around her into Dean’s room. He’s horrendous at small talk, but Donna expects a greeting of some sort, so he asks, “How are... things?”
“Rita,” Cas says with infinite patience, “I need you to take a deep breath, hold it for as long as you can, then let it out again, pushing that same breath out for as long as you can. Can you do that for me?”
It’s evil. It’s something his father would orchestrate to make him miserable. To make him reliant and pliant.
“I’m perfectly capable of hunting, Dean,” Cas says, and the words sound clipped and icy, which perfectly matches the stony look on his face. He glares at Dean, pining him in place with just his eyes in the way only Cas seems able to do. “I’ve been tracking down Lucifer without either of you for weeks...”
Really, Cas already knew this. He saw it last night at dinner. Clearly Dean was affected by being so close to Lisa. Cas had foolishly hoped that was only because of the general awkwardness of the situation, not because he still had feelings for her. Feelings that Dean realized were unreciprocated because his ex had decided to flirt with Cas for some unknown reason.
Mary admits she had her doubts about whether they could make their relationship work, but they’ve discovered they’re better together than apart.
They live in Army-provided housing on base, so the television, much like the rest of the furniture, is cheap. The picture is blurred and grainy and Cas wishes, not for the first time, that his parents had normal civilian jobs so he could watch The A-Team on a 25-inch screen like the one his cousin Balthazar’s parents bought this summer. Instead, he’s squinting at their 13-inch from a foot away, ass on a pillow so he doesn’t have to touch the gross shag carpet more than he needs to.
“Sam?” he calls again, softer, dragging a finger through the grime. The main lights are out, and the emergency lighting casts the room in an ominous red glow. It’s empty of any signs of life — no pizza boxes stacked in the trash can in the corner, no beer cans or books on the table. No shoes lined up by the staircase, no keys hanging on the hook by the hallway. No Sam, no Cas, no Jack.
Dean takes the tri-county map and unfolds it, turning it so Leahy and Reidy are viewing it right side up. Cas watches as Dean takes a pen and starts drawing a careful line off a familiar county road.
”We have to fix it.” Sam leaves the room without another word, and Cas feels Jack’s eyes on him. He’s waiting to see if Cas will say anything, and when he doesn’t, Jack follows Sam into the hall.
“Yes and no,” Dean says, feeling surprisingly honest. “He’s got a good heart, but I’ve also seen him smite demons and go toe-to-toe with a horseman of the apocalypse — and win. Oh, and one time he obliterated an entire diner full of monsters right in front of me. So he can be pretty friggin’ scary.”
As it is, Dean thinks of Lisa walking past him, unrecognizing, and he stops that train of thought just short of the station. But honestly, mostly he thinks of Cas for some reason, sitting next to him right now all suited up again, and he thinks of Cas always standing by him, deserving much better than to be stuck with Dean and all of his stupid, whiplashing moods.
Dean thought Cas might figure it out — everyone else did. Benny sure seemed to know Dean was in love right off the bat. Naomi sure as hell knew, with her pointed comments about Dean hoping Cas would return to him. Crowley made his jokes; Sam looked between the two of them with that softness in his eyes. Claire made Dean promise to take care of Cas; Lucifer mocked his failure to do so. They all got it. Dean never had to say
“No worries,” Sam says quickly, hands up in a placating gesture. “If you don’t want to talk about it, we don’t have to. It’s just— You seem distracted a lot anyway, and not by the house. By something outside of it.”
“I guess I just don’t understand what’s going on,” Sam says. “But I’m not here to bug you for answers, I’m just here to see if you need anything.”
They’ll never see each other again. Dean will never wake Sam up by singing AC/DC off-key at full volume. Sam will never hear Dean complain about his protein shakes taking up the beer space in the cooler. Dean will never throw his arm around him after a hunt well done and crow out, “We are the champions, my friend!” in his terrible vibrato.
Dean carefully takes the jar from her hand, staring at the looped cursive font proclaiming “20% Less Fat!” He opens the lid and sees the clear mark of exactly one spoonful dug out of the cookie butter at the top.
“No, goddamn it.” Ann Marie leans against the kitchen counter and puts her head in her hands. “Callie, I said, ‘Start coffee.’ Start coffee!”
Sam opens his mouth to argue, wants to say, “You’re sorry for this and not for letting Cas go off to die?” but any words are drowned out by a sudden flash of lightning right outside the room, followed by a roar that Sam’s heard before, like a chorus of demons chanting in time.
He ponders his reckless rush into the storm, the way it still feels like there’s a hook in his chest, lightly tugging at him, taking him to the lost pieces of Cas’s grace. Dean has to keep going — he doesn’t know why, but it’s the same sense of urgency that drove him to pray to Cas for all those years. He knows he’ll need Cas to handle the grace once they find it, but he doesn’t want Cas to go with him under any illusion that Dean will be able to keep them both safe once they’re up against Seth’s army.
Cas looks back out the window, and Dean knows he doesn’t believe him. He might trust Dean like this, without his memories, without their history, but Dean knows that Cas truly believes Dean is capable of killing him. He saw the complete and utter fear in Cas’s eyes when he first came to back at Andrew’s house.
Cas snaps his fingers and the lights above the bar flicker. Sam and Ann Marie fall silent. Cas snaps his fingers again and the lights blow out entirely.
That’s rich coming from the guy who left Dean behind without a word. Another burst of anger rises in Dean’s chest, this time directed at Cas, and he can’t stop himself from snapping, “You didn’t seem to think I deserved better when you ran out on me.”
“Good. I’m already there. Wings are ready.” She pauses. “Cas, I’m sorry. I know you were hoping for a break tonight.”
Cas barks out a laugh, bitter and furious. The audacity of this man, the carelessness, the disregard. He can look at his own damn credit reports if he truly wants to know where Cas is; he can apologize if he truly wants to talk. He can act like Cas exists for reasons beyond himself, can realize he’s not the only one in pain. He’s not the only one who lost someone he loved.
“We need to get this profile of Samuel Campbell built ASAP,” Reidy continues, oblivious to Dean’s obvious discomfort. He turns to Leahy. “I want you to run a background check on this guy’s every alias, pick up his military files, find out if he got a ticket for drunk and disorderly in the 70s, anything we can get—”
John and Sam Winchester are right behind her. Dean doesn’t recognize John they way he recognized Mary, but it’s startling to see a bit of his own face reflected in the older man. John’s eyes are teary as he steps forward and claps Dean on the back, taking Mary’s place. Dean’s arms come up automatically to hug back, but he’s still looking at his mom, standing right behind them as if she can’t bear to move an inch away.
There’s a body in there, head lolling lifeless against his toolbox and tires, blood pooling on his concrete floor. Dean clenches his fists. This day is already a cluster fuck, and it’s only 7:30 a.m.
“Ranger, actually. Ranger Cas Novak. No drinks or anything,” Cas says. “I’m here about a case involving an assault on park property.”
Their landing is jarring, and Sam finds himself holding onto Eileen’s hand harder than he maybe should even after Joshua steps away from them, walking steadily toward the farmhouse without a backwards glance.
rubbing right against Dean’s through their underwear. Dean groans, and Cas follows his lead on that, too. It’s a fucking beautiful sound.
Dean grins at him as Sam says, “Perfect. Well, I’m headed that way. We can try to lure Perkins out tonight. End this thing.”
. Cas pauses on the sidewalk and pedestrian traffic continues its flow around him. He stares at the Gothic font on the glass doors till it blurs. He shouldn’t go in. He’s pissed off enough people lately.
Lisa, Ben and Sam are watching him pace. Ben has his arm around Lisa, still looking a little shell-shocked. Lisa leans into her son like she has to touch him to make sure he’s okay.
But Dean’s spent the past two days doing nothing but drinking and reading fairy lore and ignoring Cas’s texts and calls (let him see what it feels like to get left behind for once), and he’s itching out of his skin. Something has to be done. Dean needs to do it. Whatever
“Hey,” he says softly. “I know it hurts, but I’ve gotta take care of this, okay? Otherwise it might get infected, and then you won’t heal.”
Cas nods, even though Dean can’t see it with his eyes closed, still slowly rubbing at Dean’s stubble with his thumb.
“Alright.” Cas kneels in the dirt and sets the rod in front of him. He’ll use it last, lest he waste its power. Hands of God are one-shot weapons.
Cas rubs the scratchy washcloth between Dean’s fingers for what feels like the hundredth time, looking for blood that’s no longer there, blood Dean felt seep through his fingers as he frantically tried to keep Creaser alive. Dean watches Cas attempt to clean him up and doesn’t say anything. He was right there, and an old man got the upper hand on him. Now Jody’s questioning her every move, the Texas Rangers are taking up the case, and Dean will never work for the Jackson County Sheriff’s Office ever again.
“Cas! Is this a bad time?” Sam’s tinny voice is loud, carrying into the room. “I was gonna ask if you wanted to go to the diner for breakfast, but you sound weird…”
Dean stares at him, now dry and pushing his way out from under the table, dragging his trench coat through the sand. Dean hurries to follow, sitting on the bench next to Cas. The sun is out, and there’s no sign of the storm except for the sound of retreating thunder.
When they’re done, the tips of his toes are barely touching the ground. His body sways as he attempts to put any pressure on his toes to save his neck. It feels useless. He’s already lightheaded, choking, and there’s a ringing in his ears.
Dean thinks about that conversation, the way Seth’s eyes shone with rage as he spit the word “angel” out through cracked lips. It made Dean uncomfortable, so he’d quickly changed the subject.
Alastair lunges at Dean then, but Cas is faster. He outstretches his hand and sends Alastair flying back to land in a heap against the wall at the far end of the cell. Dean steps out and closes the barred door, locking it back in place.
Silence. Cas glances over at Dean. He’s watching the trees as they bump along the trail. Cas sighs and turns his attention back to the road.
Bobby jerks his thumb back toward the trail, and Cas follows him silently down the deer path, back toward civilization.
at the motel.” Sam bumps Dean’s shoulder with his, none too subtly. “He was all excited about eating food and not tasting molecules, so Dean ordered him a whole box of Krispy Kreme donuts this morning. Cas ate them all in one sitting. That’s honestly affecting him more than anything else right now.”
Jack avoids Claire when he can help it, her outburst fresh on his mind, but he adores Jody. He follows her like a little lost puppy. “Jody said she’d teach me how to make homemade mashed potatoes!” he announces to Dean one day, gleefully bouncing toward the kitchen. For a moment, in the face of such naked joy, Dean regrets abandoning their cooking lessons. But at least the kid is happy. Happier than he is when Sam is trying to teach him how to control his powers, anyway.
picks up with a stutter. Jody says, “Have you ever tried vegetables?” to Claire, who’s picking the bell peppers off her slice, and Claire snipes, “Have you ever tried
Mary had spent her days watching over Sam with an overprotective zeal and her nights scouring newspapers and then the internet for any sign of her long-lost son. After John’s stint in rehab and the introduction of Adam into their family, her priorities changed.
Cas leans forward, hands on his knees. His eyes are tearing up. He doesn’t know if it’s from the smoke, frustration, or the overall emotional turmoil of the night. Cas rubs at his eyes and clears his throat.
Dean shifts his feet into a fighting stance, and Cas braces himself. “Then I’m going to find out. You can let me by, or we can go through you.”
“Come in, come in!” Seth steps out of the way to let them pass, but not far enough back to where Dean and Sam can squeeze by without brushing against him. He’s smiling that predatory grin Dean remembers hating so much, made creepier by how exhausted Seth obviously is. “I can’t say the timing is great, fellas, but who am I to turn down the infamous Winchesters?”
“Hello, Dean.” Cas ignores the frustrated huff from Leahy. He understands her ire, but he’s here for Dean, not her. “I’m a little early, sorry.”
“Get out!” he yells as loudly as he can, waving his arms toward the exits. The passengers take a moment to recognize what he’s trying to say and then they bolt, fear in their eyes and blood on their faces. One Demon reaches out for a fleeing woman, and Cas knocks him down easily. He scans the bus for Dagon, but she’s gone. She left her minions behind.
“Can I apologize?” Cas asks before he completely knows what he’s saying. Once it’s out there — once Dean lowers his mug and looks up at him, considering — he knows it was the right thing to say for once. “I think we got off on the wrong foot.”
It’s soft. It’s sweet and gentle and everything Cas would want it to be if he didn’t know it was the last. He can’t handle their last kiss being like this — the opposite of everything they’ve been to each other. So he makes it hard. He grabs Dean’s hair, presses him back against the window. Dean grunts, but then he gives as good as he gets, forcing his tongue into Cas’s mouth. Just like that, it’s something fast and dirty and distracting.
“Where’s Singer?” she asks, settling back into the chair. She’s so petite her feet don’t quite touch the ground when she sits, and the image of her dress shoes swinging an inch or so above the ground is oddly incongruent to Cas, like watching a child in grown up clothes, though he knows full well Leahy is anything but. Indeed, she’s all business, pulling a file out of her satchel even as she waits for Cas to answer.
Alastair is laughing like a madman. Steve is watching Gabriel as if he’s seeing nothing. Dean swallows and presses his foot to the gas pedal.
“Wait,” he says, “if an archangel exploded right in front of us, how are we still alive? I mean, we’re talking
“And then,” Ann Marie announces, the center of attention and the center of the room, swaying slightly in the heels she still hasn’t removed, “Cas just asks Sam, in front of the entire PTO group in Lincoln, Nebraska, ‘Why can’t we just explain to the children how contraception works?’ Like it’s no big thing. Bear in mind, please, that these people already gossiped about how we must be polyamorous, which in their minds was
“You should go,” Cas says. “The rest of the MacLeods aren’t going to be far behind you, I’d assume.”
“I do,” he protests. “I’ll admit he’s gotten under my skin, but I’m willing to hear him out, I swear. I just need more information.”
“Ouch.” Sam draws out a noise through his teeth in sympathy. “We’re going to help you walk back, okay? You’re with us now, so there’s no need to be worried.”
sits on the tip of that sentence. He remembers Lucifer, remembers the blade sticking out of his chest, now.
“Why Cas?” Dean asks, pulling Cas closer to him. “He didn’t break your deal. Martin Creaser did. And you let him go.”
Dean just wants to be sure Cas is okay first, then they can say their goodbyes to the Braedens and all go their separate ways. He’s already nearly gotten Cas killed tonight. He’s not planning to stick around and bring more bad luck down on Lisa and Ben.
“Dean, I called you.” Cas draws his hand away finally, placing it in his lap, and Dean can only stare at it, wishing he could take it back. “Two years ago, I ran into a demon, and she ran a knife into my side, right here.” Cas points to a scar Dean hadn’t seen before, back when his chest was covered in Lucifer’s sick carvings. This scar is healed, a thick, ugly white line running just above his right hip. “I killed her, but I almost didn’t make it. The hospital called you, because yours was the only number I could think to give them. You didn’t answer.” Dean swallows hard, because he doesn’t remember that call. “I called you, too, when I could. I was desperate. I missed you, and I thought maybe if you heard I was hurt...” Cas looks away, staring at the wall. “I left two messages on your voicemail. You never called back.”
“Let’s go home,” he says, Chinese food forgotten. He pats Dean on the shoulder as he passes on the way to the truck, letting his hand linger longer than he probably should. Dean doesn’t say anything until they’re pulling out of the parking lot and on to the road.
As Eileen takes off down the road, headed north and away from the headlights, deeper into the countryside, Castiel again turns his head so his nose is pressing into Dean’s stomach. Dean just looks at him, confused and aching and worried, before placing his hand gently on the top of Cas’s scalp and softly combing his fingers through his hair.
“Give me a sec, and I’ll wipe that down for ya,” she says, then turns to the far end of the bar, snapping her fingers at a drunk asleep in the corner, head rested on his folded arms. “Hey Ash, we actually have customers right now! Can you come do your job?”
He walks to the garage door, but instead of opening it, he raps at the door of the bathroom across the hall.
Dean holds his hand out toward Cas, flicking his wrist toward the bear. Cas can’t help but smile. “Don’t be a brat. Here.” He places the bear in Dean’s hand, and Dean holds it up, a slow grin spreading across his face. “Stop.” Cas blushes. “I just saw it and thought it was funny, that’s all.”
“At least pretend to sleep.” Dean rolls his head to look at Jack. His eyes fall obediently closed, like a trained dog. The passive response prods at something in Dean, makes him think of Cas again —
“You didn’t even ask me for a statement before you came for my throat. Is that allowed under journalistic ethics?”
“You were a kind of a know-it-all buzz kill,” Dean says, smirking as he pulls Cas closer by his belt loops. “'Dean,’ he mocks in an imitation of Cas’s voice, ‘I cannot waste my time on women of the night, this is a den of iniquity!’”
The bar is dark, lit only by the buzzing neon signs lining the walls. It’s also empty, save for a man passed out at the far end of the counter and —
“Castiel,” Anna says. He’s disappointed her again. He always wishes he were better with people, better at knowing what to say and how to say it. He wishes he could protect those he loves without hurting them in the process.
Dean keeps a hand over his eyes. His body feels like his now — or at least it feels as much like his as it normally does, which is… not saying much. Multiple possessions and learning that God himself scripted your reality tends to warp a guy’s self-image.
Dean sighs. At least one thing in his life is going right, if a single kiss followed by a trip to the emergency room can be considered “right.” He taps his phone against his lips, considering. Bobby’s wrong about the kids, but he won’t believe the tale Dean has to tell. Cas is the only one who will believe it. And they need to come up with a plan to fix whatever is happening on Highway 9, and fast. Before someone else gets hurt.
“Mom?” If his voice comes out somewhat strangled who could blame him? Sam hasn’t seen his mother in months, and the last time they were face to face she was covered in blood, not her own, tears streaming down her face as Dean essentially disowned her. Sam didn’t say anything to stop it.
“Unlikely,” he says. “I didn’t recognize any of my brothers or sisters among their member. It takes a great deal of power to disguise oneself from other angels, and…” He sighs. “And all of the hunters... Well, they were very clear about their distaste for my kind.”
Josephine shrugs, bumping up against the others from her spot in the middle of the bench. “My parents own the land next to the Bradbury’s. It backs up against the road. We took a four-wheeler to the edge of the wood.”
“You know, I’ve heard all about this blade,” it says, twisting Andrew’s voice into something higher, unnatural. It points the knife at the Winchesters, still sprawled on the ground. “I’ve heard about all of you, actually. Sam and Dean, the infamous Winchester brothers, who’ve killed so many of my kind. And you must be Eileen, the banshee hunter.”
“I’m going to wake up Dean,” he says, because it can’t hurt to have the other person he trusts most in the world alert and on the lookout. “Maybe look for a flashlight?”
“So were we,” Anna reminds him, and Balth snorts. It irks Cas, but he holds back from snapping when he sees the look on Anna’s face. He has enough damage control to do already. “You need to remember you aren’t
The streets of the small town emptied of cars as the sun went down, and the storefront windows shuttered at exactly five p.m. Cas can’t remember the name of the place they’re in, but it reminds him of Rexford. A strangely vindictive part of him wants to ask Dean to take him back there. It’s so close. Only an hour or so drive away. Maybe he’ll ask Dean to leave him there at the Gas-N-Sip again, try to get his old job back, pretend to be human while he waits for his meager grace to heal. Just to see how Dean would react.
“Andrew cleaned the cuts, and he stitched some of them.” Cas gingerly tugs at one strip of white gauze taped across the right side of his abdomen, pulling it up. “I think this one might be infected, though.”
Cas smiles back. “I can imagine.” He absently swirls his wine glass. “Jack has one of the most accommodating personalities of anyone I’ve ever met, but he’s set on this. Even after his injury. And you’ve met Claire, so I’m sure her obstinance isn’t a surprise.”
had natural talent. You two were the closest I had to them, but you needed a boost.” As if he’s bored with it all, Chuck says, “So I dropped some hints to the right people and got you into their compound.”
So Dean decided to stay here until he can find Novak again and tell him off properly, without being distracted by his disturbing poker face. Dean can play that game, too, the one where you act like you don’t give a shit but really you care more than anyone. He plays it all the damn time with Sam, with himself, even. He’s willing to bet Novak cares, deep down, and he’s going to drag it out of him. For Claire.
“Okay,” he says, “Sam’s right. We’ll just split up and look for him. We’ve got some time before sundown. Everything’s going to be okay.”
Dragging himself away from Sam’s laptop, Cas shoves his feet into Dean’s dress shoes, just because they’re closer to the bed than his are. He changed out of his suit and trench coat earlier — being partly human means needing to do laundry — and his pajama pants and plain t-shirt definitely don’t match the shoes, but oh well. He just needs to get to the vending machine outside. Sam wouldn’t approve if he were here, but Dean would probably ask Cas to bring back a candy bar for him. Cas decides to go ahead and get him one anyway, so Dean can eat it when he gets back. He smiles to himself, thinking,
“This is Castiel Novak,” the stiff voice on the other end says. “You have reached my voicemail. If you’re calling during the day, I am likely in class or with a student. Please leave a mess—”
She arrives at 10:24, exactly one minute early. Cas refrains from lecturing her on texting while driving, leading Leahy back to the office. She eyes the display as they go, mouth quirking into a quick almost-smile.
He picks it up without looking at the ID, wiping the moisture in his eyes away with the back of his hand as he gruffly says, “Yeah?”
“I mean I can’t find record of them anywhere other than on his enrollment papers. They used a consistent alibi for sure, but there are no drivers’ licenses, no real phone numbers, nothing to back up their IDs.”
Cas hides his frown behind his coffee mug as he sits down. He wants Jack up and running again, of course, but he wishes his protege wouldn’t rush to get back into field work.
He pulls the covers down to look at Mama. There’s not a lot of light coming in through the window, but he can see she’s been crying.
“We could. You can sleep over again. I promise to make it more fun and less maudlin this time around.”
“I don’t need as much sleep as you do, Dean.” Cas sort of negates the words by coming back to the bed. Dean’s pleased to note that he's is still naked, and even more pleased when he slides in right behind Dean, throwing an arm around him loosely.
Dean takes his hand out of Cas’s to rub at his nose. It’s going to be crooked for good after all this abuse. He’s going to look like fucking Owen Wilson.
Not anymore. Not anymore, and for what? Maybe he should have, could have said something about his suspicions about Jack — but what good would it have done? What would it have changed?
Reidy gathers the papers in his hands and flips through them, reading and rereading. The others are silent. Cas presses the edge of his palm against Dean’s leg, and Dean hooks their pinkies together, just briefly.
Instead of the deer trail, his mad dash through the woods brings Cas to a shuddering halt in front of the massive pine. Its dark branches curl downward, reaching for him, ensnaring him and pulling him in. Cas fights back, grasping at needles and trying to get away, back to the trail of the mysterious man. But the pine won’t let him go.
“Ahhh,” the demon says, smirk widening. “It truly is Castiel! This day just gets better and better! You know, we all — and I mean Hell, Heaven, Purgatory, everybody — thought Lucifer killed you. But then about a month or so ago these rumors started about this
“I told you yesterday that I needed more from you. I implied that being your friend wasn’t good enough. I wish I hadn’t phrased it like that.” He pauses, thinks through his words more carefully. “What I meant was I can’t go back to more uncertainty. I can’t hear you call me your friend only to have you turn on me like that again.”
Cas huffs, irritated, but he turns away and begins to disrobe, letting his blood soaked clothes fall to the bathroom tiles. Dean watches, itching to pick up after him and distracted at the same time by the play of Cas’s muscles as he pulls off his button-down, tugs at his belt. His knuckles have blood in the creases, and Dean loves his hands. He loves a lot of things about Cas, actually, but never imagined those feelings were returned until about three hours ago.
“You can see 420 Purgatory Main from here,” Dean says casually. Cas hums in response. “The Shurley Foundation just bought it. I’m guessing you know why?”
Oh. So that’s for sure what was happening. Cas’s stomach sinks. Dean sounds angry, but surely he’ll realize it’s not Cas’s fault?
The gift wasn’t anything he had to buy. He found it in the bunker, in Dean’s closet. Sam saw it, and he knew immediately — this is for Cas.
Dean runs too quickly into the house where the poltergeist is, takes it throwing him against the splintered wooden wall without even a grunt of pain, and dives right back into the fray.
How was he supposed to know he’d be back here? A shudder wracks its way through his body, and he puts his head in his hands. How was Dean supposed to know he’d be back here, with Cas alive and well, and he’d still be miserable? He drags his fingers through his hair, tearing at the roots.
Cas takes the next day off work. He’s stockpiled days off over the years — he never vacations, has no one to go with, and he’s rarely ever sick — and there’s nothing going on at the park Bobby can’t handle for one day, though when Cas calls him he grumbles about how he’ll miss having Dean around.
Dean looks down at his hands, rubbing absently at his left ring finger. “There was one woman… Lisa. She hung out there a lot. Waiting on her baby daddy to show up again so she could demand child support.” Dean smiles, and Cas wonders if this is the almost-marriage story. “In the beginning, I thought we were just having fun together, but—” There’s a far away, almost yearning look in his eyes Cas recognizes, and he tries once again to fight back pointless jealousy. “I don’t know. She was easy to talk to. I told her more than I meant to. Not as much as I told you, but… enough.”
with Seth have helped him nearly eliminate the angelic presence still left on earth after Chuck took off for good.
Dagon, fed up with the waiting, is the first to crack. “You,” she says, pointing toward Gavin MacLeod, and Cas has to use his Grace to hear her from the top of the cliff. “You set us up.” He wonders if she’s referring to Roman’s shipments or if he had something to do with Hellfire missing their bus standoff.
Jo makes a humming noise, says, “Mmm, yeah, tough guy. I hear you’re not out there alone, though. I mean, I wasn’t expecting a slumber party where we braid each other’s hair and talk boys, but Dean Winchester I
“I get why,” he says. “They were grieving; they were scared. I know they obsessed over the idea of someone taking me, too. It was too painful to talk about. But it made me kind of resent Dean, if that makes sense? I know it sounds awful, but to me he was like this ghost that haunted my childhood. He was the reason I wasn’t allowed to play outside with my friends or go on class trips or spend the night away from home.”
Dean knows what Lisa wrote on the back of her business card, and it sure as hell wasn’t her work number. She might be older, but her moves have only updated with middle age. Bar napkins turn into business cards. House phone lines turn into motel room numbers.
The man stands up from the bed and moves to the middle of the room where Dean can see him more clearly thanks to the light from the hall. His face is worn, tired; his jaw covered in days-old stumble. There are deep bags under his eyes, which Dean now sees are blue.
Waving goodbye, she turns and walks to her Durango. Cas and the Winchesters watch her go, then get in their own car.
“I do understand!” Cas forces himself to exhale. If he yells, the others will hear everything. “I was there, too. What happened to you
So he drove to the west coast, to Jessica’s grave in Palo Alto, for the first time in over ten years. He wept for her, the love of his life, and for Dean, the brother who raised him, before hitting every old bar he could remember from his brief glory days at Stanford. It was a binge to rival every binge Sam had ever watched his brother partake in.
“Say yes?” Dean interrupts, leaning forward. He looks over at Cas, whose expression of understanding and fear mirrors his own. “Say yes to what?”
“Dean, hear me out,” Sam repeats. Dean looks to Cas, who nods his agreement. “Perkins died six months ago, in the river. The people killed here recently have all been found along the river, each one downstream from the last.”
“I thought you were hurt,” Cas says, voice clipped. “I had to call Sam to make sure you were alright. He said you were out last night. He assumes you still have this job.”
“Jody and Claire okay?” Dean interrupts, because he knows Sam knows he’s not okay, and he knows Sam wants to talk about it. And Dean doesn’t want to talk about it, because what would it fix?
He doesn’t want to see Turner, but he does want to know where Dean is. He follows the intern through the middle of the room, keeping his eyes straight ahead as they pass rows of confounded reporters. At the top of the stairs, Rufus Turner is already waiting for them.
A Batman t-shirt, a puffy blue and red chevron jacket, Oshkosh jeans and white sneakers that squeaked with every step he took — Mary Winchester doesn’t need to read the FBI’s missing persons poster to recall what her son was wearing the day he was kidnapped.
“Well, I’m not the one sleeping with him,” Sam says slowly. “So he doesn’t ever give me his full itinerary.”
The lamp on the desk next to his bed is still on, so Cas holds up his hands, turning them over in the light and studying the open wounds on his wrists left by the handcuffs Ketch placed on him. They should be closed by now, his skin stitched back together like nothing ever tore it apart. He puts his hands back down and looks at Dean, still sleeping, one eye twitching as he dreams. Cas waits for what feels like forever before he can’t take it anymore, the silence in his head and the voice inside that wants to scream
