Feeling strengthened, Dean blinked open his wet eyes and began to pull out of their embrace.  With a nod of acknowledgement to Cas for what he’d said, Dean kept silent. There wasn’t much he could say. For most of his life Dean had been wanting to bring Cas
When the bill is dropped on the table, they both reach for it. Laughing, they both try to insist. In the end, Dean suggests they split, since this isn’t a date. Castiel agrees easily and when they leave, Dean is sad to part. There’s an awkward moment in the parking lot, neither really sure how to say good-bye or goodnight. They do a strange little dance where Dean considers going in for a hug and thinks better of it, Castiel having leaned in too and having to pull back in reaction to Dean’s indecision. Both men wind up laughing nervously, and then Dean reaches out and thumps Cas on the shoulder saying, “See ya, buddy.”
Scanning the vicinity with his human eyes, Dean can see almost nothing. In the next breath, the wolf beside him launches itself into the night and bounds away, obviously in pursuit of something. Lingering to see what will happen next, he chuckles to himself when he sees the creature returning. Dangling from its jowls is the limp and bloody carcass of a giant jack rabbit. With his curiosity satisfied, Dean turns away and heads back inside.
“Don’t say ‘girls’,” she snapped, her hand ceasing movement on him entirely. “That makes it sound creepy and pedo. Say women or ladies, please.”
“Yes, I did.”
As Dean forced himself to continue down the path alone, he heard Cas call out softly from a few feet away, “If this doesn’t work, Dean, I just want to say thank you. Thank you for everything.”
“Haunted Mansion!” barked Dean as he wrapped arms around Tessa from behind. “Tell your girls…” he whispered in her ear as he brushed past her, “… that we’re goin’ to Haunted Mansion first!”
So, yeah, the more he thought about it, choice was easy. He might as well stay put and keep on living his life. Hell, the feds could even raid his locker and tap his phone if they wanted to - it wouldn’t matter because John wouldn’t be calling it.
Sadly, he was scheduled for the lunch shift at Bernardi’s on Sunday so he didn’t get much sleep before he had to roll out bed and head to work. Afterwards, Dean headed to the grocery store to pick up beer and queso. Then, he headed over to Jimmy’s place to watch the football game. It was late fall now and a cool breeze was blowing dry leaves across the driveway at Jimmy’s when Dean walked up to the door. He was greeted warmly by his friends who were already watching pre-game commentary. Everyone had beers and plates of junk food in their laps. Carrying his goods to the kitchen, Dean found Jimmy there and said hello.
“How do you know?”
Unsure of what to say or do next, Dean filled the uncomfortable silence with sarcasm. “Well, I prefer ass fuckin’ to mind fuckin’, if it’s all the same to you.” With his eyes still locked on the hard blue ones across the room, Dean punctuated his statement by lifting one hip a little and preening his ass in the air.
Forcing himself to move on, Dean finds that the market actually spills over into the adjacent riverside park. He hadn’t even realized that the back of his neck had been growing warmer in the sunshine until he steps into the cool shadow of shade trees. The path between vendors is wider here in the park, but he doesn’t meander from booth to booth like others seem to be doing. Instead, he continues walking in a straight line down the middle as his eyes scan the wide variety of goods being offered on either side. There’s a small stand boasting several varieties of freshly harvested honey, an eye-catching display of handmade garden decorations, a series of folding tables arrayed with a sprawling selection of freshly baked desserts, and of course, plenty of booths offering freshly grown fruits and vegetables as well.
Infuriatingly calm in his demeanor, Novak answered in a normal voice, rather than matching Dean’s tone. “You are a petulant child.”
Dean had picked up that letter and carried it to the living room, insisting that his father was a bastard if he couldn’t even be bothered to read the first communication they’d had from Sam in months. John hadn’t let that slide either. He’d vaulted up from his seat and lunged at Dean, fists clenched into the collar of his uniform as he growled, “You’re the one who lost the kid Dean, so you read the fuckin’ letter.”
But, Dean had to admit to himself that in his imaginings, this wasn’t what he’d pictured.
With a mindset of pleasing his watcher, Dean reaches out and drags two fingers through it. Raising them to his lips, he tastes himself. Glancing down again, he sees his own cock, veiny and triumphant, just begging to be played with. He can’t hold back anymore. Taking himself in hand, he strokes. He keeps his eye on the sleek black sedan parked below, remembering how he’d crawled into it to suck Cas’s dick, and before he can even process that he’s about to come, an orgasm slams through him. He spatters the glass again, as he's done before, but this time he doesn’t look down at it. He keeps his eye on the vehicle.
“Fuck,” he cursed aloud as the feeling bubbled up inside him. “Fuck, fuck, fuck, you’ve got a nice cock.”
Suddenly aware that he could use a clear-headed outside opinion, he felt an urge to call Ron. On the heels of that was the urge to call Novak.
“Do you have any idea what happened to him?”
Surveying the wintery landscape as he drives west on Interstate 18, Cas puts the University of Wisconsin behind them and turns his attention to home. He thinks of how quickly the days are going by. Lately, he feels like they’re behind. Perhaps they are, or maybe it’s just feeling that way because there’s so much to be done. Looking over at his son in the passenger seat, Cas wonders what he’s thinking.
“That can be arranged,” he joked, his regular personality slipping back into place now that the scene was ended. To his surprise, Castiel didn’t laugh him off.
“C’mon,” Sam was cheering from his position of safety. Following Sam’s gaze, Dean spotted Gabe. He was pushing up from a small hole near the bottom of the adjacent rock wall and was now swimming for base. It was a tough call. Gabe was farther away, but he was clearly the easier conquest. Cas, though closer, was going to be difficult to catch.
Paying no attention to where they’re going, Dean loses himself in the colors and lights as they drive. It almost feels like the streetlamps are moving along with them as they roll through the city. Dean can’t be bothered with looking around. He doesn’t take in any street names or landmarks to know where they are. He doesn’t care. When they park, the only thing that he’s paying attention to is the soft thump of music coming from a nearby building. It calls to him, and when they begin walking towards it together, Dean finds that they are walking to the beat. Euphoric, he feels as though the entire city, hell, all the world is marching in sync.
He also spent the first decade of their marriage running business after business into the ground. The whole time, she was poppin’ out babies... one right after another. The youngest is Castiel.”
“No,” he sighed, grabbing his first shell of the night. He tipped the edge of it to his mouth and slurped the mussel down. Thoroughly coated in butter and cheese, it slid right down his throat and left a burst of salty garlic flavor on his tongue. “No, they sure don’t,” he agreed.
He laid on his mattress for a long time, fuming and frustrated. Then, when he’d finally calmed enough to trust his temper, he called for a handler.
With a nod of silent agreement, the men filed back into the church. Grabbing coats from the lost and found to use as pillows, they retired to Pastor Jim’s office and curled up on the floor. Jim, however, stayed up working at his desk until Becky came in for the day. When she did, he greeted her and asked her to hold his calls and cancel all his appointments for the day. She seemed to think it strange when he said he didn’t want to be disturbed and shut his door, but she said nothing of it.
“Well enough to know that he was probably the one who started the whole ‘necklace made of baby ears’ thing.”
“I think you’re stalling,” the man snapped in response.
“Touche.”
“I want to,” said Cas, not looking him in the eye, “but I can’t.”
“What’s that?” asks Sam, stopping short.
“Sam,” she teases sweetly, “We didn’t come all this way so you could get a coffee, we came to see the Magic Kingdom! And there it is!”
Dean nodded, working to hold back the tears that had sprung up in his eyes. They wet his lashes, but thankfully they didn’t fall. And then, Cas was kissing him again.
“You don’t think that’d be doin’ something stupid?”
“Awesome. I love when you grill.”
“Me too,” replied the doctor, planting sloppy kisses up his shoulder and neck in between steamy breaths. Dean sucked the man’s skin desperately, not even sure where his mouth was as he approached his end.
Vivid images seemed to pop into Dean’s head sporadically at odd times, often during his work day. It didn’t seem to matter if he was at the shop, the restaurant, or the damned grocery store. A scintillating mental picture of himself and The Doctor would, could, and often did, manifest itself at a time when Dean wasn’t prepared, and he’d be swept up in a visceral bodily reaction that made him physically uncomfortable. Cramming down these hopeful visions wasn’t easy. More often than not, he was bound in these unsolicited daydreams, bound and naked and vulnerable. A spark of electricity would shoot through his body as the lurid thought crossed his mind, leaving tingles in its wake which dissipated as he managed to push the fantasy down and lock it away. A feverish feeling would sometimes linger afterwards, leaving him flushed and flustered for several minutes.
“No, I don’t. I understand that it’s jealousy, but I’m not sure what I’m jealous of. I mean, I want her to be happy, and with Kaia, she is. So what’s my problem, right?”
“Where?” he demanded. “Where we goin’?”
to do.”
“Good. It was good. You were right about him, he really knows what he’s doin’. He gave me a file on this guy that’s at least three inches thick… family history, financial records, hell he even took pictures.”
Trying to fight laughter is pointless for both of them because the room is roaring with it. Looking around, Jack sees his classmates, red-faced and gasping for breath. Some of the girls are wiping tears from the corners of their eyes and clutching their stomachs as they carry on. This whole period has been fun, probably the most fun Jack has ever had in a classroom. Ever. And it would seem he’s not alone in that. But still, he’s invested in hearing the Coach’s answer. He waits eagerly as Mr. Winchester pauses purposefully, letting the chaos die down a bit before answering.
He’s never felt anything quite like this – just being
“What is it?” he asked, unable to even imagine a scenario that left them so short on time.
“Down the back hall. See you for lunch?”
“She went for food,” replied Jack, “she’d had nothing but processed meal bars and water for weeks. She said she needed red meat and I told her I’d wait here in case you returned while she was gone.”
As he and Jo entered together, Dean noticed that there was quite an eclectic mix of people in attendance. Some guests were smartly dressed and sipping champagne or wine while they mingled. Others were dressed more casually. Many were drinking beer from bottles or plastic cups and almost everyone was carrying around little plates of food. As he and Jo wove through the living room and towards the kitchen, Dean was checking out the snack foods being carted around on little disposable cocktail plates.
“I guess,” she concedes with a shrug. “But we don’t even know that he’s into dudes. It seems like kind of a longshot.”
“Prison?”
As they all followed the Singer at the end of the waking cycle, Dean noticed behaviors among the adults that he’d likely been oblivious to as a youngster. There were little touches here and there, a stranger’s hand brushing along someone’s back or side, fingertips trailing a smooth tail as it slithered by. Mermen were brushing up against mermaids as they swam past. Mermaids were squaring their shoulders and pushing their breasts out… not pushing away hands that brushed over their bodies as they swam.
Jack smiles as he sees a bag of Cheetos and a can of Mountain Dew in the man’s hands.
If they knew the things he’d gotten up to in the last few months, they’d be stunned. Hell, he’s stunned enough for all of them. Even Dean can’t believe the things he’s done. Or, well, the things he’s let be done to him. Just allowing the slightest errant thought in that direction finds him shifting in his seat, his traitorous boy-sized pecker filling between his legs to tighten his pants at the groin. Softly, from outside, another howl intrudes on their dinner and Dean willfully focuses on keeping his disobedient cock from growing fully erect in response. He knows that particular call and if he had the appropriate vocal capabilities, he’d answer it in kind. Sadly, he can’t answer. He’s the wrong species for that. He just has to sit here and choke down his dinner, pretend that he’s a normal kid and be sent off to bed after. That’s all he can do. So he does it.
“Yeah, there have been  a few over the years.”
“Love is love,” says his father firmly. “It’s a feeling we have. Whether we choose to enjoy the feeling for what it is, or pine for a reciprocation that simply isn’t there… well, that’s up to us. I choose to enjoy the feeling while it lasts; even if it will never be returned.”
Well Destiella, it's over. I've been a very lucky girl to have you with me on this story. You've made a huge difference, and I hope you know that. I hope those who are reading know that. Thank you. A million times THANK YOU!
“Dude,” he snapped, “the fucking gun you got shot with. Where is it?”
“Fuck yeah.”
“Sure did.”
Dean had never seen anything like it. Even in porn. With his cock swelling fatter, and his mind dizzy with lust, Dean thrust forward hard, matching pace with the man who was literally fucking the shit out of his screaming whore. On the receiving end of his punishing pumps, Keith reached beneath his belly and began jerking himself off as he grunted under the effort of such a brutal pace.
Jack is smiling until he sees her expression change. Turning to follow her gaze, he sees what can only be the new girl. She’s obvious, even from across the room. She’s got dark eyes and her hair is pulled back from her face. She’s wearing a vintage bomber jacket that looks authentic and she walks like she owns the school. He’s leaning in to say as much to Claire, and that’s when he sees it. A glimmer of something that he’s hardly ever seen. Interest. Claire is blasé about most everything, but this girl, she’s clearly quite intrigued by.
When Jack excuses himself to go get ready for the party, Castiel reminds him that they have to be up early in the morning. Then he sinks into his chair and relaxes as the amber light of dusk begins to deepen into the reds and purples that will soon become a beautiful sunset. Sadly, with the hour growing later, mosquitos have now started to come out. Swatting at them and scratching at the bites they inflict quickly saps the peacefulness from his evening. Preparing to head inside for the night, Cas stands and begins gathering the dirty dishes. By the time he’s cleared the table and cleaned the grill, Jack has come down from upstairs. He’s dressed and ready to go, perched on a barstool and absorbed in his phone as he waits to be picked up. Castiel turns off the patio lights and begins loading the dishwasher. Just as he’s finishing up, Jack hops down from his stool and turns to leave, bidding his father a quick goodbye as he exits.
“Sure you do. You probably just avoid thinking of it, especially if you feel like you can’t have it. Give it some thought, hmm? See what you come up with.”
Cas’s tail thumps the bed covers twice in quick succession – a sign that he’s quite pleased with how things are progressing. Suddenly struck by an idea, Dean pulls completely off of Cas’s cock. Taking a deep breath, he scuttles down the bed a bit and brings his face to the place where his wolf’s tail meets his body. Pressing his face into the soft downy fur there, Dean gives a few exploratory licks to his Alpha’s hole.
“They don’t fart either,” someone chimed in.
Each night when he crawls into bed, his mind revisits the occasion. He fixates on the most memorable details, replaying them repeatedly behind his eyelids as he touches himself. Then, inevitably, he will begin imagining new scenarios too. He fantasizes about dirty deeds, about bravely displaying himself and being coveted by his audience of one, about being pleasured in every imaginable way. He usually gasps a release into his own hand, the memories of their interlude proving to be an adequate alternative to porn, and afterwards he always lingers over thoughts of Cas Kline as he drifts off to sleep.
Instinctively, Dean winked to placate her and then stared at her for a few moments to make it seem as though he might want her. Then he turned back to Benny who was already going on about something.
“Please?” he tried, despite knowing it would be no use.
“Then perhaps the Grand Canyon,” said Cas, “I’m aware that you saw some of it when you and Sam were boys, but I know you’d like to return.”
“And if you don’t succeed?”
“I think it’s more about the quality of the
“Yep. The night I took you home with me. If I had stayed with my brother, watched out for him, he wouldn’t be in this mess. So tonight I’m gonna set things right. Sammy’s gonna live a long and happy life away from here. He’s gonna go back to bein’ a lawyer in sunny California. He’s gonna have babies with his beautiful wife and live a perfect life.”
Cas's smile was breathtaking.
Dean wants to tell this man how much he wishes he could believe the good things Castiel says about him and how much he appreciates the honesty they’ve cultivated between them. He wants to reciprocate and tell Cas that he’s incredible too – handsome and mysterious and intriguing and honest and kind. But saying any of those things will dissolve the last of Dean’s self-control. Instead, he simply keeps his eyes locked on Castiel until the tension passes and he begins to drift off to sleep.
“Glad you decided to play this year?” she prods.
“Yeah, it’s at The Mill. There’s a farmers market there on Saturdays and the Humane Society is setting up a booth, just this once, and we’re doing half price adoptions. So, if you wanted to, you could stop by and say hello… maybe check out the animals and see if there’s any you like?”
he thinks.
“So are you,” he says. With snow dusting the top of her knitted hat as well as the cascading curls that fall over her shoulders, she’s a vision. Bright eyes, rosy cheeks, pink lips. She’s easily the most beautiful person he’s ever seen. She smiles for him in response to his words, comfortable taking compliments from him and no one else in the world. Well, maybe one other.
“Well Dean, sometimes the way to know for sure that you
Smiling again as he drove off, Dean turned on the radio and sang along to it all the way back to his place. He was feeling pretty good when he walked into the bedroom and immediately began peeling off his clothes. Already stiffening as he crossed the room to his computer, Dean sat down naked to see if Dr. Cum Control had uploaded any new videos. That’s when things got interesting.
Pinning disappointed eyes on Dean, Benny sarcastically said, “The line between friend and foe...
“Gotcha,” gloated Meg in the silence that followed. Her features were smug as she looked back and forth between him and Benny. “Congratulations boys, you’ve both earned yourselves a cockcage for the night.”
Hell, it wasn’t just weapons. His own father, while a Hunter, had carried the tool called a trident. He now knew that these were also scavenged from boats on the ocean floor. The trident was helpful as a tool, giving merfolk the ability to spear big fish like tuna, rather than simply catching smaller fish in the nets made by Weavers.
, he told himself. Unfortunately a flare of defensiveness triggered his mouth before his brain could intervene. “I ain’t throwin’ away shit, buddy,” he snarled. “You paid a fuck-ton of money for ninety minutes with me. Top fucking dollar. I ain’t throwin’ it away - I’m fuckin’ capitalizing on it.”
The four parted company on the monorail platform at the Contemporary. The happy couple and their exhausted princess headed to their room for nap time. Cas headed back out into the heat. He strolled down to the pool, where he tossed his things into a beach chair and splashed into the cool, clear water. After a few easy laps he felt refreshed and went to his shaded lounge chair to relax.
Then, as he stepped over the threshold, that hand slid down his arm and hooked it at the elbow. “Dean,” said Dr. Novak.
“That why you were on the field?”
“Alright,” Dean laughed, “That was beginner’s luck.”
“Yeah, you know, just keeping a person on edge… making them wait. I guess he gets off on it.”
“Big.”
“Do it now, Dean,” Cas whispered. “Put those hands on me.”
“Yeah,” agreed Dean, voice dropping low so as not to be overheard. “But I can see why it’s not allowed. I mean, you don’t even know the things I’d let you do to me in here. By the time they came to get me tomorrow, there’d be nothin’ left for the customers.”
“Hey,” responded Jimmy, his face lighting up in a genuine smile. “Why not come with me?”
“What’s wrong Cas?”
Leaning into his son affectionately, Castiel nudges the young man and gives him a wink, “You were slow to learn in that area,” he teases. “You were almost four and still pooping your pants all the time. I was at my wits end.”
“Twins, yeah, we’re twins.”
Dean could feel the excitement behind his friend’s spoken word… the urgency and passion of it. “Me too, I think,” he replied, sharing a smile with his friend. “Why can’t you be that?”
With neither man looking directly at the other, it seemed a good time to part company. “See ya son,” Bobby said as he stepped away, clapping Dean on the shoulder affectionately.
The four of them talked through a wide variety of topics before settling into a discussion of the case, comparing notes and planning how tomorrow would go. Then, sadly, they headed back to the hotel where there were still hours worth of work to be done tonight.
“Then what the fuck was all that shit about my father?”
Currently pressed against the door, Stephens and his girlfriend are sharing a cigarette. She’s on his lap and as they take turns puffing, they exhale out the cracked window. Regardless, the cab is filled with smoke, cloudy and suffocating.
“We can call and ask.”
“I see,” she said coldly, arms still crossed. “But the error in that logic is that you’ve left your charge alone and untethered.”
"Really?" she said to her brother with obvious distaste, "This guy?"
“Okay, Sammy.”
“Shouldn’t I be?” asks his son.
He smiles as the animal buries its nose in his hair. It’s getting long, Dean realizes, and he’ll need to get it cut the next time he’s home. Cas whispers a few soft snuffles at the base of Dean’s neck and then gets up. Begrudgingly, Dean rises too.
“Sounds perfect,” he says, considering the project. “If I was gonna do one, would you help me?”
This moment was when Dean finally drew a breath and, as the scent of Benny’s aftershave registered with Dean’s body, he pressed his lips to the other man’s skin. It wasn’t easy holding back or going slow. He’d been attracted to Benny from the first time he’d met him and having just spent hours in various states of arousal, his cock was filling fast as the possibility of sex presented itself.
“I had a feeling that might be it,” said Zar, the words sounding as if he were confessing a crime. “That’s partly why I came. I knew you’d be glad for the company. But, it never occured to me that you might be looking for more than just a friend to chat with. I never even thought-
Over burgers, fries, and pie for dessert, Dean decided to drop his bi-sexuality bomb on Ash too. Now that the cat was out of the bag it only seemed fair to acknowledge it openly and not ask Benny to continue keeping secrets for him. To his surprise, the man’s response was, “No judgment here, man, I’ve never been too picky about the equipment.”
Sam giggled and pulled Dean aside, allowing Jess to the bar in front of them where she ordered for the group. Within a few short minutes, he was holding a goblet of something that was surprisingly good, it looked more like dessert than alcohol.
“Nothing but the opportunity,” gloated the petit mistress of dark magic. “You see, Fergus, even your own demons hold you in contempt.”
“You might surprise yourself,” Dean countered. “The constant sex really keeps your mind off of it.”
“I don’t think it’s too late, Dean,” Sammy whispered, turning to face the other way, “I think you want it to be too late. I think you like how things are, and you don’t want to change them.”
"Really Dean?"
Sure, the alpha is his. But that doesn’t stop the females from going into heat, and it certainly doesn’t stop the wolves who are second and third in command from following the example of their leader. Jumping at the opportunity afforded them, the two fuck like stallions. And sure, there are a few horny wolves in the pack that prowl around the precocious females in hopes of a turn, but they’re quickly put in their place by the younger, healthier, and more dominant males. The strongest in the pack are the ones who get to breed.
“Yeah,” he said honestly. “I do. Thanks to you.”
“Yeah, sweetheart, that’s exactly what I’m sayin’.”
Laying on his back on the massage table and looking up at her, he could see his towering hard on from the corner of his eye when he looked at her and she was side-eyeing it too. The girl was so young and sweet that it felt criminal to even be naked around her and with her apprehension so obvious, he couldn’t help but ask, “How old are you?”
“Home sweet home,” he said to Cas, climbing out of the car and heading towards the trunk. The angel joined him at the rear of the Impala and Dean handed him one of the key cards.
“Hey Cassie, how you doin’?”
Ready to call it a night and head home, Cas glances around the neighborhood one last time before turning the key in the ignition. Easing out away from the curb, he rolls down the street. Once he’s turned the corner, he puts on the radio, but then at the next corner, a creeping dread spreads over him. Turning off of the main road and coming towards him is a black and white police car.
“Of course he does, said the woman impishly, winking at Dean. “I’m Rowena. And I must say, it’s a pleasure to make the acquaintance of a strapping young lad such as yourself.”
“Well, if it helps,” he replied, “I usually do fall asleep for a little while. After.”
“Um, yeah,” the man answered, sounding unsure of himself. “Are you coming back here? Did you want to bring your friend with you?”
“You’ve got magic hands.”
“What?”
“How what works?”
“Sonovvah Bitch!” he shouted, slamming his fist down on her desk.
Once again bending down to one knee, Cas smiled softly at him and said, “I’m proud of you Dean, you did very, very well.”
“Okay,” Dean conceded. “Just leave the deal as it was. I’ll take a year.”
“Geez Dean,” said Sam, pulling a face, “Don’t have a cow, man.”
As Cas had been killing the white alpha wolf, another had been closing in. Dean just hadn't seen it yet. Opposite him, it had come charging at Cas and straight into Dean's line of fire. The very second that it's ruddy brown head had come into view, Dean had already been squeezing the trigger. Easily switching from an admiration of his mate to saving its life, Dean fires off three rounds in quick succession. Absorbing the shots, the charging brown ware crumples to the ground just a few feet from Cas.
As he went about his work, Castiel drifted into the room, coming to stand next to him. “Heya, Cas,” he greeted without looking up.
He has to bite his lip to hold back a whimper, as he feels the man’s groin press to his backside. There’s something hard under those pants and his body reacts to it before Dean can consciously form the thought that it’s a cock. His body bucks wildly and throws itself backwards as though it’s desperate to feel that hardness against his hole. At this point he’s fucking desperate to feel it skin-on-skin. “Don’t tease me anymore,” he pleads, crumpling to the floor as his weak knees finally give out. “It’s good, man,” he says feebly, voice barely coming out as a whisper. “But I can’t take any more. Cas, man, just fuck me. I need it so bad.”
“Mr. Ketch, just like the call buttons, the tethers are used for a reason. Collectively, the workers in this building are on a wide range of enhancers, inhibitors, and genetically engineered hormones. The side effects of those, combined with the physical and emotional hazards of their jobs can leave workers prone to outbursts. It’s rare, but it happens. For their own safety, and to abide by the law, we must keep them under restraint when unsupervised. You left this man completely unattended for over a minute. Now, that might not seem like a long time to you, but it’s long enough for him to have gotten up and left the area. That is simply unacceptable Mr. Ketch.”
“Yeah, but you’ll have to leave your brother here.”
When he’d hit send, he looked up to see Gabe still watching him. The smile fell from his face as he watched his brother smell blood in the water.
“Tell me Dean,” he whispered. “Why do you keep coming back here?”
Irritated, he skulks away from the window and flops back down on the bed. For quite a while now he’s been preoccupied with thoughts of anal sex. He’s watched countless videos. He’s read blogs. He’s bought toys. He’s even used them. But, having never been on the receiving end of anal sex, he’s got absolutely no idea if he’ll even like it. He just knows that he wants to try it. In fact, he’s been wondering about it for so long that his mind seems to be a slave to the fantasy. He can think of little else. Reaching into the drawer of his bedside table, he decides that if Cas isn’t here by now, he’s not coming. Not tonight anyway. Determined to just get off and be done with it, he pulls out a butt plug. Having started with a small one, he’s been working his way up and feels that the current size is respectable. That is, it’s the size of a real dick. Getting himself worked open to accept it takes some time, but each time he uses it, less prep seems to be required.
“Jack,” she says, not even trying to hide her own tears as they fall, “do you think you might ever kiss me?”
“I s’pose,” his younger brother concedes. But his shoulders remain slumped and there's a hang-dog look on his face that indicates a mounting sense of doom.
“You gonna eat?” Benny asked him. He shook his head no.
“Okay then,” he relented, hoping she would be reasonable if he gave her more information. “What if,” he tried, softening his tone, “what if I was to leave, say, tonight? What if I just said, ‘Hey, I gotta go, sorry but it’s an emergency and I can’t put in two weeks notice?”
“Damn straight.”
“How was school today?”
“Sammy.”
“Me and Claire, Chris is picking us up.”
“You have a fitness club too. There’s a lot of amenities here.”
“Yeah, well, you’ve hijacked my angel before too,” spat Dean. Even as he was speaking, the sound of Sam’s voice reached his ears.
“Yeah. In fact, I’m glad you’re here. I’ve gotta pick up a few things and get over to the church. You’re coming with me.”
Knowing that he could get away with sleeping on the couch was tempting. Very tempting. Dean definitely wanted to meet ‘the doctor’. But, since he was still feeling satisfied from his earlier tryst with Jimmy, he was able to do what felt right this time: just keep walking once he got past the hallway. He closed the entry door quietly behind him and headed for his car. Turning the key in his ignition, Dean cringed at how loud his baby was at this hour in such a quiet suburb.
“You guys owe me one,” he said as he pushed up from the ground and swam out. As he darted off in the direction of Cas’ place, Dean made a mental note to avoid his parents during the ritual. He didn’t want to be in the middle of something amazing and then look up and see his parents going at it… possibly with other people. Ew. Or in a group. Double ew.
Jack is in the kitchen. He’s watching his father move back and forth between the stove and the fridge. For as far back as he can remember, his father has been a constant. Always serious, even his sense of humor tends to be a little on the dry side. He’s normally stoic despite being unfailingly kind. For some reason though, his mood and behavior have been abnormal lately. He was his normal self during the Christmas holiday, but seemed to fall into a depression shortly after that. He’d been withdrawn and sallow, as if the world was coming to an end around him. He’d perked up a bit in mid-winter. Not really his old self, but noticeably improved, and in the latter part of February they’d had a good time on the Senior ski trip. Since then, his father has been far more animated that Jack can remember ever having seen him. It's as if his father simply can’t stop smiling. Even now, weeks later, he is still undeniably elevated and jovial.
Mildred grinned at him, her cheeks rosy and her eyes sparkling. She liked him as much as he liked her, that was obvious. And despite her attempts to remain professional, he could see that she enjoyed hearing about his sex life. “Are male conquests more challenging to you?”
Nervous laughter permeates the room and all eyes are fixed on him. “I’m going to read each question word-for-word because I don’t want to make any assumptions. If I need any help deciphering slang, I’ll just ask. Okay, so, the first question. “If I do my girlfriend up the butt, what color will my dick be when I pull it out, brown or red?”
It wasn't easy keeping his foot on the gas or the car in its lane as Cas went to town on him, but he did his best and only wound up having to pull over for the big finish. It was a great start to their trip. It was also a great start to teaching Cas about car games, most of which Dean altered to a much sexier version of their family-friendly roots.
Castiel’s cock is a gift. It’s the perfect fit for him -  big enough to present a mild challenge, but small enough for Dean to use all his best tricks. He allows Benny’s jarring thrusts to propel him forward and takes all he can take of Castiel's cock each time. When Benny pauses for a moment, circling his hips, Dean sinks all the way down on Castiel and shoves his nose into the man’s bush. He breathes in the scent, which is far more agreeable than any other he’s ever known. He’d been riding high on the adrenaline from the crowd and from blowing the streaker, but having Benny put the screws to him from behind is the icing on his cake.  Pulling off Castiel for only a moment, Dean shouts to Benny, “Fuck yeah, Man! You know how to do it!”
“I guess it is,” Benny replied. “I mean, if the gang’s got a new leader, a new boss-man, that goes a long way towards explaining why my old crew might want me dead.”
“Nothing I guess,” answered Cas, “It’s just, I don’t like the idea of ditching our friends just so we can hang out with better people.”
“Good for you, Dean,” she said, giving his thigh a reassuring pat. “I hope you enjoy the time away. Try to get some rest and don’t forget to hydrate.”
“Open your eyes, Dean.”
Reaching out between the sheets, Dean slid his palm onto Castiel’s chest and turned his body to curl up next to his angel. “That sounds amazing, Cas,” he whispered. “Your list sounds way fuckin’ better than mine.”
Dean’s never had pizza like this before. Each bite is sinfully delicious and when he serves himself a second slice, he’s stunned by how heavy it is. Flopping it clumsily on his plate, Dean laughs and then does his best to serve Cas a slice too.
“You’re sure?” he asks, looking over at his son.
a gang-bang porno, not participating in one. He can barely get hard for regular sex anymore, let alone really get off from it.
“There might be some truth to that,” he teases with a smile. Jack smiles back. He might hate it, but deep down he knows his dad is right. Digging into his eggs, he remembers back to a drunken night with Claire when she’d told him the story about mama birds who push their babies from the nest when it’s time for them to fly. Glancing over at his father, he realizes that his friend was right. The alarm clock… the laundry… this is the start of it. His father is starting to push.
As Dean recognised the truth of Cas’s words, the last of his resentment faded away. “I tried,” he admitted lamely, “so many times. But I can’t ever get through a video without…
“Yeah. Sure you do,” chuckled Dean as he was brought to an empty table in the salon.
Dean just
“You saw enough last time,” teased Cas, referring to the peeping incident.
“Dude,” he mumbles when he finally comes to his senses. “I’m fucked out.”
“So many,” he murmured.
"That's a good woman you've got there," he tells his brother when they're saying goodnight.
This was another room… another tent... and it was full of people. A trickle of dread seeped into his bones as he processed the change in lighting and atmosphere. As if in a video game, they had just stepped up to the next level. The next level of deep shit they were in. The peep show had been off limits, but the act of sneaking in had seemed light-hearted somehow. Funny and excusable.
With this incredible scene unfolding vividly behind his eyelids, Cas strips his own cock heavily with one hand while scissoring the fingers of his other hand urgently in his own greedy hole. Building faster, even as his arms plead battle fatigue, Castiel rocks relentlessly on his side in the bed to a dirty and salacious fantasy of his son’s teacher.
"It wasn't," he conceded. "It wasn't easy, or legal, or cheap. But it was necessary. Now they can all be adopted through reputable channels.”
“Tulsa, Oklahoma?”
Cas took a pull from the straw, “Yes, I think it’s my favorite… though I can’t remember what it’s called.”
His powerful hips snapped forward into Dean’s body and reverberated through her body as well.  Dean held on for the guy, though. His knees were shaking with the effort of holding the husband up and his spine was like jello, but Dean remained locked in position as the man plowed into him.
Chastising himself for being careless again, Dean heads for the window with the intention of restoring his privacy. He had promised himself he’d be more careful about being naked around open windows but he keeps forgetting.
“Nope. Not a bite. We get water and that’s it. And, I work three days in a row.”
“Sounds smart.”
“Goddamn,” barked the man behind him, as he spread Dean’s cheeks.
If Cas had a designated role in the rescue effort, it seemed to be that of a liaison. He spent a lot of time explaining the goals and methods of the volunteers to the newly freed slaves and vice versa. The refugees varied in age, maturity level, and comprehension, but all of them were survivors of a horrific captivity and, as such, they were anxious, fearful, confused, and frustrated. Hael was ever her brother’s companion as he worked and that put her in close proximity to Sam. His brother may have laughed off Dean’s snide remarks about the chemistry between them, but it was easy to see a connection forming between the two.
“I do.”
As he was driven away from the civic center in a tomato-red 1980 Renault Fuego, Dean was fully aware of how many unanswered questions there were, that his life was in danger, and that he’d been living in a bubble that he was now stepping out of.
“I wouldn’t last a day.”
"Mom," he says firmly, "they're with us."
“I’m surprised you’re back so late,” he mentions as they file past him and up the stairs with their bags, “the mall closes at nine.”
“Dammit,” cursed Dean, feeling a piece of himself pull away and follow Cas into the dark.
Cas was hungrily sucking at his nipples and neck while he jacked Dean, and as much as he was enjoying the build up toward his climax, it was impossible to ignore his own asshole which seemed to be jealous of all the attention that Castiel's had gotten. It ached between his cheeks and in a fleeting moment of hopefulness, Dean surprised himself by lifting his leg and perching his foot on the side of the tub. The not-so-subtle invitation hadn't been wasted on Cas. In response to the change in position, the man returned his mouth to Dean's for a harsh kiss and Dean could feel the man's smile against his lips as Cas slid a hand around behind him and wiggled fingers teasingly down into his crack.
As far as Dean was concerned, this 'higher calling' was just what John Winchester had needed to give his life purpose and provide him a reason to stay sober. In all his life, Dean had never seen John so focused. Clearly, whatever Pastor Jim was doing with him was working.
“That’s great Dean, really. So, are you seeing anyone?”
“I dunno,” the man laughs, “do you think it’s a candle that hides the scent of smoke in a dorm room? ‘Cause the answer to that is, yes.”
“No Dean, don’t argue. I was selfish and stupid. I can see it so clearly now. I wanted to be a powerful man, rich and respected. I wanted to be like those guys on TV that everyone looks up to. And Crowley promised me power – said he could tell that I would use it for good. He was playing me, though. He knew that I’d be selfish. He was right about me. I’ve been selfish and now I’m getting what I deserve.”
"Road trip sounds good to me too," he answered, suddenly wondering why he'd been fighting Sam's attempts to cultivate their happiness. He could picture himself with Cas on the long trip he knew Sam would propose.
“Research is usually Sammy’s department,” chuckled Dean. “My department is checking out the local wildlife.”
With his hands relieved of their only job, Dean turned to his bag and pulled the beer out. Taking one for himself and offering one to both Jimmy and Lisa, Dean turned to put the rest into the fridge.
Looking back at the enviable dick he’d been watching, he could see now why the mermaid was bobbing on it so forcefully. She was being fucked as she sucked and with each thrust, she was forced down on that cock with all the might of a grown merman. Once again, Dean found himself wanting to be her so that he might have what she had. He’d give anything for just a taste. They were moving ahead of him now, the three of them glommed together, and as they passed, Dean finally looked away from the fat dick long enough to see who it was attached to. He then realized that the man with the enviable cock was Benny.
“I think you’re being nice. But, you don’t have to. You can still stay here even if, well -
“Don’t bullshit me,” growled Dean, “Something’s wrong. What is it?”
“If you’re not ready, then you’re not ready,” Jack is saying to him.
With no witty retort coming to mind, Dean opted to stay quiet. “You know, Adler’s actually kinda funny,” mused Meg. “He prob’ly wouldn’t be so bad if he loosened up a little. I think he just needs to get laid.”
Dean doesn’t open for Benny, too interested in blowing Castiel. Benny finally loses his temper and grabs Dean by the back of his neck, shoving himself in alongside Castiel. With his mouth wrenched open and stuffed full, Dean feels the first traces of pre-cum forming at the tip of his own dick. He’s grown hard and is almost fully erect now. Handling two cocks at once isn't easy, even for a pro. It's much easier to go back and forth between them, which is what he's now starting to do.
“No shit. You have to be 18.”
Cas’s hands were combing through his hair and ghosting over his shoulders as Dean worked to bring pleasure to his angel. In return, he was gifted words of encouragement and praise and Dean’s joy in the moment was so great that he found himself smiling, again, as he ran his tongue up and down. He licked around the base too, inhaling the scent of Castiel and his untamed bush even as his free hand was trying to shove his own jeans down.
“I’m yours,” he answered, “Til you leave me, I’m yours. I’ll do anything you want.”
Even when Cas is limping as he circles, bleeding profusely from both his shoulder and his neck, he remains defensive. His hackles are raised and his eyes are intently focused. His body is still quite powerful, he's just outmatched. Dean can bear it no longer. Firing off another round, he walks boldly between the two wolves and points his weapon at The Hulk. Turning his head to look his lover in the eye, Dean trusts the animal to understand him as he speaks. “Stop this,” he says firmly. “You’re done.”
"Not really. Not in a reliable way, no. But if he was looking at me, I'd always assume he was in my head. And then, sometimes, I'd get a feeling like I was being watched, even when I knew I was alone. I often wondered if that was him. To be on the safe side, I'd always be careful at times like those. But honestly, I was almost always on guard."
“You were,” says his son as they linger in an embrace. “And so was Claire. She really helped me figure all this out.”
“Well fuck, at least spring for decent beer.”
“I get it man,” said Dean firmly, “I know you think I was just tryin to… well. You know what I mean. When I woke up and remembered what you said, I knew I’d been a douche. But I wanted to call and tell you that I wasn’t just after…” Dean paused and took a deep breath. “Look, even if you don’t wanna go down that road, I’d still wanna hang out with you. And I can prove it to ya.”
Jack immediately feels empathy for his father but just can't bear to let the subject drop without asking one more question. “If you wont tell me who,” he ventures, “will you at least explain to your son, the future psychology student, why you’re so happy if you know that your love is unrequited?”
So, between the developments with Dean and Balthazar’s pending nuptials, which he now knows will be taking place in New York City, Castiel feels like he’s got things going on in life that are just for him... things to look forward to... things that have nothing to do with fatherhood. He'd almost forgotten what that felt like, but it's nice.
There was no shortage of assholes either. Apparently, everyone thought that spending an assload of money to come here entitled them to behave as abhorrently as they cared to.
“I don’t give a fuck,” Dean sneered, shoving his hands down to undo the man’s fly.
“I’m an accountant.”
“Relax,” chuckles his friend, “you never had much to start with.”
“I knew you were carrying a fiery torch for somebody. I just didn’t realize that it was my brother.”
“I can’t think of a worse way to go,” Dean confided to Cas. “Being eaten… by a shark or a…” his voice trailed off as he realized that he had no idea what to call the creatures that live in boats. “Um, sir,” he said carefully to the Guardian, “What do we call them… the creatures in the boat?”
They didn't have much time at the store, needing to back in time to relieve Jim for church. He pushed the cart while Sam moved ahead and tossed things in. When one cart was filled, they went back for another and another, loading up three in total. They were sweating by the time they'd loaded everything into the car.
At least he’s thought to request time off for Gabe’s visit. His schedule is light for the next week, and he’s completely off work for the next few days. It’s going to be fun. He’s never even been to the Contemporary Resort, which is where Gabe and Kali are staying, but he’s seen its likeness a thousand times and is excited to go make use of its facilities tonight.
Taking another long swig, Dean then offered the bottle over to Cas. His friend took it and tipped it back like an expert. Dean had no idea how much it would actually take for Cas to get a buzz, but that’s what he was contemplating when Cas spoke again.
“Oh yes,” he said, looking back at Dean, “That’s right, I lent it to Pastor Dan. He thought a member of his church was beset by a demon.”
Dean is a mess now, wet and sticky between his legs, between his cheeks, between his fingers. He’s sweating and panting and doesn’t care how desperate he looks or feels. This is the best he’s ever had and he wants it to last forever.
The only way their new home doesn’t measure up to his fantasy is owing to its lack of a bearskin rug in front of the fireplace. But, he’d managed to wrestle a huge mattress down from the master bedroom to put where the rug would’ve been. Offering far more cushion for his knees than a rug would have, its every bit as comfortable for sex as it is for sleeping. As if by some silent decree, the pack leave the bed for him and Cas. They sprawl on the carpet nearby or snip playfully at one another for seats on the coveted couches, but the mattress they leave alone.
Gordon, clearly not suspicious at all, pulls up where Dean had instructed and turns off the engine. “We could do it right here,” he says, leaning in.
“What are their names?” Sammy asks, watching the big Grey wolf draw hesitantly closer.
Castiel leaned in close and whispered, “I think we should wait until the patrol gets there.” Dean followed Cas’ pointing finger to the tent on the right. “Once they get there, we can cross to the closest tent without them seeing us. Then, we can sneak a peek in the tent. If we see what we came for, we can just turn back. If not, we can move to the tent on the right and do the same. As long as we follow the same pattern that the gaurds are following, we’ll always be behind them.”
no additional tags
“You’re missing out,” his father warns, eyes dropping back to the pepper he’s cutting.
“What even made you decide to go from girls to guys… what made you want to try dating a man?”
He’d been emotionally blackmailed in the process of being questioned, too. He hadn’t outwitted his inquisitor, and the result was a deep sense of failure that now weighed heavily on him. If he’d even managed to just stay silent, that would’ve been better. It wouldn’t have been a victory, but it wouldn’t have been such a raging defeat either.
“Because I’m here. With you guys.”
Dean’s still working on his own personal design, often wondering what part of his body he’ll cover with it.  But, as it evolves, the shape changes constantly and that makes it hard for him to picture where it will be inked when it’s finished. He had finally managed to get a breastplate into the image by taking his original small design and loading it onto the shield in the place normally reserved for a royal crest. And though he's proud of what he's created, something is still missing. Dean's following Castiel's advice, though, trying to be patient and let the rest come to him organically instead of pushing for completion.
When the bidding was finished, Dean belonged to the trenchcoated man. Still, he didn’t turn to see his number. He let his eyes linger on the proud winner; couldn’t wait to get behind a closed door with him.
At the end of the week when he drove over to his meeting with Cas, he was wearing the new shades and two days of beard growth. Additionally, he planned to give only his first name when they did introductions. His last name, he knew, was far more memorable than his first.
“The big, round rock.”
“Dean,” implores Sam, “what’s the plan?”
“Nobody.”
“Maybe he should fix up the one he’s already got before he buys another. I don’t even know what kind of car that is, but it needs some work.”
After a double dose of ibuprofen, Dean grabs the mouthwash and rinses his morning breath away. Then he returns to follow Cas out through the kitchen and into the studio. Last night, Dean had assumed that the mismatched glass panes would be bright and colorful in the daytime and he’d been right. The room is full of natural light and there are splotches of warm color where the sunshine is coming through stained glass.
“So, when’s the last time you heard from him?”
“Always,” he grinned, “but you mind if I change first?”
“Do you feel that those who provide services to you here are competent in their duties?”
She punched in a code on her rolling cart and a drawer slid open. She extracted a small bottle and carefully shook two pills into a little paper cup, handing it to him with a bottle of water. He sat up a little to swallow the tablets and as he was tipping back the water bottle to wash them down, Ketch was stepping back up to his table.
The seniors are headed to Colorado this weekend to go skiing. It’s six hours on a charter bus both ways. Reviewing the information about the trip more carefully, he sees that the departure is set for early Friday morning with the bus returning late Sunday night. “Perfect,” he says aloud. “Fuckin’ perfect.”
As he sank in to the second knuckle, Cas called out his name and came. Squirts of warm cum spread over his tip and as he rocked his hips, it spread around. Their dicks were sliding together easily now, but Cas’ went soft too soon.
“Gimme an hour.”
Completely stunned and confused, Dean did a double take. His  his eyes shot back and forth between two irreconcilable images. "Mom?" he managed to croak out, “and, Mom?”
“Hell yeah,” he answered easily.
Dean looks around and sees Kevin sitting down on a bench.
With a long suffering sigh, Benny leaned over his empty plate and said, “When you blew into town, Dean Winchester, I thought to myself, that dude is James Dean.”
“I’m ready,” she said firmly. Then, looking over at Dean, she added, “There’s nothing left for me here anyway.”
“Well, I wouldn’t want to make a generalization like that, but I think you’re getting the picture.”
“Happy birthday, Dean.”
“No,” he found himself whispering for the first time all night. The strength needed to even say the word softly was tremendous. But getting it out once seemed to make it easier to repeat.  “No,” said Dean, more firmly. He reached down and began pulling his pants back up
Cas, probably aroused by Dean’s fingers curling around his shaft, hitched his leg up higher and made room to add his own hand, gripping Dean tightly and starting to stroke. The build was steady once they started massaging each other’s dicks and it didn’t take long to feel the triumphant pulse of Cas shooting his load. Warm and wet, it spattered over his wrist and up his forearm. Rigid beside him in the bed, Castiel was riding the high of his climax. Dean worked him through it, jizz dripping off of him and down into the sheets. His friend sank down into the bed afterwards with a soft, satisfied smile. Turning his attention to his own end, Dean moved his slippery hand to his own member. With just a few heavy handed pulls, Dean was spilling too. He wet his friend’s belly as he came, adding to the mess in bed between them.
As he often does when they're finished these days, Cas dips his great head down to lap as the cream pie he's left behind. He doesn't stop until Dean is well cleaned up. Then, having finally exhausted their passions, the two curl up together under the stars again and Dean falls into a deep and dreamless sleep. When he wakes again, it’s to pain. His head is pounding and as consciousness returns, he begins to remember the night before… the wild fucking… the bite… and the awful thing he’d needed a distraction from in the first place.
“Let’s do two nights for now,” he told her.
“Sometimes. To be honest, it’s mostly paperwork and riding around on patrol. We write tickets and respond to complaints, but it’s pretty quiet around here.”
It’s hard to give decent head when you’re being fucked from behind anyway, but sadly, Benny seems to notice that Dean prefers Castiel’s cock. He gives Dean a hard look as he withdraws his shiny, wet cock and walks away. Keeping one of his rough hands on Dean's naked body as he walks around behind, Benny shoves the other guy out of the way and takes his place at Dean's backside.
“Yeah,” agreed Ron. “But for some reason, I figured you’d wanna do it anyway.”
“C’mon,” he chides, “Who do you think you’re talking to? Besides, I saw the look on your face when he put Krissy in her place today. You loved it.”
, he thinks,
When Mary returned, she seemed surprised to see everyone around the table together, and even more surprised to see her sons in an open dialog with Jack. It was a long night of questions, answers, and meandering discussions. But when Dean finally crawled into bed that night, he found himself daring to hope.
Logic tells him that the touch means nothing. His gut tells him to get the fuck out of the truck and as far from Gordon as possible.
Darkeyes didn’t stop until Dean collapsed limp, his body completely spent and his voice hoarse and rasping as he nearly gagged on his own saliva. On the dizzying verge of passing out, Dean clung desperately to consciousness. He didn’t want to miss a moment of this ecstasy by blacking out. As the reverberations rolled over him, Dean rode the waves of pleasure and pain, both sensations twisting and tangling together as they battled for his attention.
“Don’t poke any of them,” he laughs, cracking open his soda.
Cas sighed and gave Dean a one-word answer. “Satisfaction.” Then he tipped his head back and finished the last of his drink.
The oldest among those rescued from Mr. Crowley’s carnival was over fifty. His name was Frank. The man didn't speak much and trusted absolutely no one. Dean had his doubts that Frank would ever really recover or even become self-sufficient. He felt similarly about 'Mostly OK Martin'. Dean had remembered him immediately as the carny he'd ripped off at the ticketing booth on the night he'd first met Cas. The man was squirrely but quite entertaining. Oddly enough, he was a favorite among the younger kids. He kept them occupied with intricate and rambling stories for hours on end.
Again, his mind turned to Cas. He hadn’t really liked anyone in ages. He’d almost forgotten what it was like to be infatuated. But, yeah, if he’d met the guy around town instead of across the country he would definitely be interested in more than one date. He’d happily steer clear of any further hookups in favor of more time with Cas.
“Lemme see those,” he says to his brother, reaching for the binoculars that still hang around Sam’s neck. Seeming to seize an opportunity to rest, Sam drops his heavy pack to the ground and unwinds the rope from around his neck to pass them over. Dean holds them to his face, adjusting the lenses as he peers through them to zero in on the wall. Beside him, he hears the whump of his brother plopping down on his satchel to rest. The wolves, too, seem eager for a break and Dean can hear them lowering themselves to the ground and stretching out. They’re panting quite heavily now in the mid-day heat, but he knows they aren’t inattentive just because they’re hot and tired. He still trusts them to have his back as he stands out in the open. Watching the gate for a moment, he makes note of how many are on duty before scanning back and forth along the length of the wall. Nothing seems unusual or out of place, but he’s been gone long enough that it all feels foreign to him. That’s when it dawns on him that this isn’t his home anymore.  Without having ever consciously made a choice, Dean had chosen. His home is with the wolves now and he’s never been more certain of it than he is in this moment.
“I guess,” Dean shrugs, “I’m gonna do something… I just… well… I haven’t been inspired yet.”
“Just because you wouldn’t drink with my friends doesn’t mean you should miss out on the next round.”
It didn’t take long for Dean and Cas to get over to the motel and gather the few things they’d left there. When they arrived back at Jody’s, Dean was surprised to see Claire and Donna in the driveway, packing supplies into the back of a late model Taurus.
“The fuck it ain’t,” barked Benny. “I’ve got your number, Winchester. You’re easier to read than a teenage girl.”
“Me either,” he said honestly. Then, as they walked out onto the midway, all fear was forgotten. Bright, colorful lights were flashing on all sides. The bells, sirens, and horns of nearby game booths were loud and so was the throng of voices. Underneath all that noise was the constant hum of generators. The boys fell in with the crowd of people moving down the main concourse and as they walked the scents of funnel cakes and cotton candy drifted in on a soft evening breeze.
Disappointment was his companion tonight, the hollow feel of it dissipating only to flood back over him again and again like waves rolling up on a sandy beach. Making conversation wasn’t easy in his melancholy mood and he felt that somehow this girl must notice it despite his attempts to retain the fun and flirty façade that was more normal for him.
“You need this,” Dean told told him gruffly. “You’ve been a bad boy.” Cas nodded and moved his hand to the carpet, ready to brace himself against the next spanking.
Over the angry shouts, Dean watched his brother be shoved forward. He was stretched thin, holding fast to something behind him, something that was too small to be seen over the swell of menacing faces. When Sam was thrust forward, pushed to his knees in front of Mr. Crowley, Dean finally saw what his brother was anchored to. It was Ruby. The two were holding hands as they were delivered to the demon who owned them both. Dean was even more stunned to see his father and Pastor Jim also swept along, manhandled within the chaos of painted faces, colorful wigs and gloved hands.
“Dude, you were Sammy for like sixteen years. Give me some time to get used to it.”
“Those things wouldn’t have been possible without the Wares Dean,” she says softly, leaning into him.
“That’s my baby bro! That’s what I’m talkin about!”
“I know,” replies Sam, eyes now locked fearfully over Dean’s shoulder.
“Oh yeah,” sneered Meg in response, “I’m excited too. I’ve been on the edge of my seat all day just hoping for a few minutes with you, Winchester.”
Cas was eager for road-head reciprocation from the first day. But, ever protective of Baby, Dean kept the servicing of Castiel’s cock confined to moments when the car was in park. Despite his efforts to one-up Cas’ best tricks, Dean found his friend overly anxious to experience his first 60 mph knob job. So, as a compromise, Dean reached over and began tugging Cas out of his jeans as they took the exit ramp towards a rest area. Cas slowed to a crawl and finally pulled over awkwardly as Dean sank down on him. Judging by the horns of the three semi’s who passed by them during the event, Dean assumed that he either looked really good giving head or that the truckers were angry at their shitty park job. He couldn’t be bothered pulling his mouth off of his man long enough to find out which.
As he and Benny fell in with the rest of their group, Dean’s mind was working to rationalize the bad news he was about to give his mother. He’d been considering this anyway, he told himself. He knew he’d not be happy as a Builder or Preparer or even as a Punisher. The adventurous life of the open water called to him. Perhaps it was a good thing he’d started hanging out with Benny’s crowd. They might challenge him to do what he dreamed… push him to do what he secretly wanted to do. This was a good thing, he told himself, a very good thing.
He’d always known the man was sweet on him, and that he likely spent every dollar he could spare on time in the rec room, just to come and see Dean. This was probably no different. Instead of forking over half his paycheck to the brothel, this week he’d spent it on a lawyer. It was still for Dean.
“Oh, yeah, sorry. I fucked him out back, up against the wall behind the dumpster. Didn’t even give him a reach around but he came hard. So did I.”
“The one with the dancing bears on it?”
“Yes,” she agreed in his same thick Scottish accent, “and that was my mistake.”
But now, parked at Trixx and hearing dull thud of the music playing inside, Dean wonders why it’s so hard to fight the impulse, especially if it’s truly one of his own making. He tells himself not to go in
Smiling indulgently as he does it, he lifts a small piece of carrot from the arsenal of treats he keeps in a tupperware container nearby. Offering it from the tips of his fingers, he finds himself amused by the way the little guy’s eyes snap wide from their drowsy state to immediately become keen with interest. Sniffing at the morsel, his whiskers twitch excitedly and he snatches the vegetable with his two front paws. He’s obviously happy as he snuggles down in the comfort of Jack's hand to enjoy his snack. It’s so strange how Jack has watched this little mongrel eat greedily more times than he can count, but it’s never any less adorable.
“Hello Jim, don’t let me intrude, I’m just getting some water.”
Jim’s body was incredible and glimpses of it etched their way into Dean’s mind as they writhed on the bed. Feeling the man’s hand on his ass was thrilling and he shivered as it lingered there, gripping tightly. “I’m gonna…” whispered Jimmy, “... so close.”
The first wolves have just reached the top when a fierce snarl cuts through the air. Dean pulls up short, reaching for his brother. He misses the kids shoulder and gets only a fistful of backpack. Seeking to break Sam's momentum, he keeps an iron grip as he drops to his knees. It works. Sam goes down hard, just a single stride ahead of him. Scrambling to close the distance between them, Dean's ears pick up the sound of a vicious fight as he scuttles forward. It's close. Too damned close. The ground under him reverberates as the weight of a heavy animal crashes down nearby and a single snarl has now morphed into a cacophony of growling and gnashing of teeth. They're under attack. Fearful for his brother and his mate in near equal measure, Dean practically crawls up on top of Sam as he simultaneously tries to hold the kid down but also seeks to see over him.
“Dean, I’m so honored,” says Cas reverently. “Where will you put it?”
you too. So much."
"I know you love your son, John," said Jim, "and I'm sure this will take some getting used to. But at the end of the day, you don't have to love all of his choices. You just have to love him."
“Indian summer,” says Cas softly, “we should do something outside today. Enjoy it while it lasts.”
“Please holster your weapon and come in here. I’d like you to meet Jack.”
Dean pulls back from his work and blinks up at the man in surprise. As his eyes come into focus to take in the man’s features, Dean feels the trance-like state that he’d slipped into fade away. Reality comes crashing back in. In that moment, Dean becomes aware of the stark reality of what he’s doing and it’s revolting to him. The wide blue eyes that are now locked on his seem both empathetic and oddly curious. It’s the man in the trench coat from earlier. The one he’d hoped would join.
“C’mon,” said Dean, reaching up to throw an arm around Sam’s neck. “Let’s go spend your last day in church.”
“I’m sure she was just being polite.”
Their bond, though unspoken, is revered by the other pack members. In fact, it's celebrated by the every spring during the mating ritual. Each season as a new generation of wolves enters adulthood and begins to breed, they are ushered forward to join the high ranking members of the pack as they bear witness to a brutal marathon-style fucking by their pack Alpha. They all growl at the ferociousness with which Dean is repeatedly fucked senseless, their guttural noises slowly morphing into sympathetic whines as Dean is reduced to a tangled pile of limbs. Then, as he lays there and accepts the act, each will take a turn circling his fucked out body before lifting their leg to piss on him.
“Dean - this is my brother we’re talking about. Cut me a break, huh?”
It’s jarring to suddenly see so clearly… even small details, like the fact that the steering wheel has a cover on it and that there’s a garage door opener clipped to the visor.
“His name was Balthazar, but everyone called him Zar.”
“Man, I don’t even know.”
Dean begrudgingly nodded agreement. “I don’t know what it is,” he complained, “I’ve got no patience...I can’t put away a pie and just have another piece tomorrow. I try to stop eating, but I keep going back for more. I eat til I’m sick. It’s like that with everything. I drink til I’m hammered, stay awake til I’m exhausted, spend til I’m broke, man, I’ve got zero self control.”
“May I?” he asked, gesturing with his hand that he’d like to pick up the papers and still retain his hand. Granted permission, he made a show of picking them up carefully and then pulled them into his lap when he sat down.
“I know that,” said Castiel softly. “And I haven’t shot you down, Dean, I just haven’t given you what you wanted.”
With that said, a new song blared. It was brassy jazz, a familiar tune, and on the refrain, the top of the cake exploded upwards with a shower of confetti. Dean’s jaw dropped as he watched a scantily clad woman emerge from the top of the cake with a wide smile and a purposeful jiggle of her voluptuous breasts. The tune playing was one synonymous with the old-fashioned strip tease. As she was assisted in climbing out the top of the cake, Dean realized that the cake itself was made only of cardboard and frosting. As though a spotlight was trained on her, the curvaceous stripper sashayed over to the birthday boys. She danced an artful circle around them, swiveling her hips to lurid catcalls from the crowd. And then, to everyone’s delight, she bent them each over, one at a time, and proceeded to dol out salaciously sexy birthday spankings with the flat of her hand. Everyone boisterously counted along. Jimmy was laughing and carrying on. Castiel, a bit more reserved, was also laughing along as this woman put on one hell of a show.
“Whatdaya think Winchester?” Jim prodded, still holding the bottle by it’s neck as he gestured to the party around them.
“Alright Ben, I guess that’s the plan.”
It took a while to get home, following a long line of cars back towards town in the storm. Sam seemed anxious beside him, fidgeting a lot. But that wasn’t really unusual.
Here's the second chapter. Please remember this is unbeta'd. I hope you enjoy it.
“And you were hired immediately?”
With his gun in his left and the door knob under his right, Dean yanked open the door prepared for whatever lay in wait. But, there was nothing. Just a short, gloomy hall with threadbare carpet in a vile shade of green. Beyond the hall, their kitchen looked bright and cheery in the sunlight despite its dated decor. Relaxing and taking a deep breath of relief, Dean chastised himself for being so paranoid. But, he didn’t lower his weapon as he moved toward his bedroom. He did, however, resume humming ‘All of My Love’. Tugging on clothes, Dean started to sing again, his mind traveling to Castiel, as it usually did for this song.
He may have had a pretty incredible orgasm on that spanking bench, but still, the day was half gone and he hadn’t been fucked. Dean strode back into the Rec Room like a man on a mission. He kept his chin high and his shoulders squared and set his sights on getting laid in every single room at least once.
Below is The Dead Boat
“Finally,” smirked Dean, “we agree on something.”
To pretend that he hadn’t enjoyed the journey he’d taken with her was definitely a stretch of the truth. The things they’d done together had been quite enjoyable, as were the things he’d watched her do, and the things he’d watched others do. Additionally, when she’d opened the door to multiple partners and orgies, he’d jumped in with both feet.
With both of them pressed to her breasts like Sucklings, Pam screamed out her orgasm and clutched them to her. Dean loved that she was satisfied, still grateful to her beyond all measure, but it wasn’t her frenzied thrusts or dirty talk that pushed Dean over the edge. It was the feel of Cas’ cock sliding alongside his own, his friends cheek pressing against him as he breathed heavily.
“You don’t need to try and fabricate a lie, Dean. I already know that your father doesn’t tell you that he loves you.”
“Hello Sweetie,” Mary greeted when he swam near, “and hello to you too, Cas.”
“Back when I was in high school, the internet was brand new and people were just starting to figure out what it was. It wasn’t something that most people used as part of their daily lives. Nobody had phones in their pockets back then and there was no such thing as google. If we had to do a report for school, or if we had a question that we were too embarrassed to ask, we had to actually go to the library and look up that topic in the card catalog, choose a few books that we thought might contain the information we needed, and then hunt down those books out on the shelves. I bet you can all guess how much time I spent in the library every week, right?”
“I’m assuming we’ll be out til sundown,” she tells him, which puts their return somewhere around the supper hour. “But,” she continues, “I’m going to have a half-dozen stops to take all these kids home. Do you need me to drop Jack off first?.”
Back on that day, he’d been so thrilled to see his teacher show up and so excited for how things would play out once his father and coach had met. But, the entire exchange between them had been stilted and awkward, at least what Jack had seen of it. When he’d suggested that the Coach have lunch with his dad, his father had been quick to rescind the invitation, as if the very idea of having lunch together was ridiculous.  And as he’d been let off the hook, the look on Mr. Winchester’s face had been one of relief… almost as if having lunch alone with a man was the last thing on Earth he’d want to do.
“Not on site, sir,” she replied, “but there are several nearby. Here’s a list.”
“You’re lonely,” Zar finishes.
By the time they reached the parking lot, the men had the beginnings of a plan in place. Dean looked around at the group. Everyone had muddy feet and their pants were wet up to the knees from walking through the tall, wet grass. Most were quiet now, eyes fixed on Cas and wondering what would come next. Stepping up to John's black pickup, Sam dropped the tailgate down and gestured for Castiel to climb up on it. Cas bent to deposit the child he carried on the ground before jumping up there, and then he held the attention of all as he began to speak.
Cas thumbed the page in his book and set it aside, turning to face Dean. “Well, my freshman year I didn’t have a roommate at all. It was nice. But I wasn’t meeting very many people so I got lonely and bored… not to mention that having a place to myself was expensive. I was sinking fast… even putting groceries on my credit cards. I knew I couldn’t keep doing that for three more years.
But Cas, already unsteady as it was, had missed the map completely and pushed his tack into the men's room door to the amusement of all. Dean had at least hit the map. But, the fact that he'd pinned his destination as the middle of the Pacific Ocean had been cause for raucous laughter from the spectators. Regardless of the heavy hangover, he did pack up the car as planned today. Putting their trash to the curb a few minutes ago had been his last act as a resident of this house.
“Well, the last few days there’s been a car parked out in front of it but I haven’t seen any lights on. I was just wondering if someone was moving in.”
“She’s a demon, Sam!” he shouted over the din, “She’s a demon and she tricked you!”
Casting a glance at his brother in the rear view mirror, Dean tried to remember that he wasn’t perfect. He was just someone who had done the best he could at the time. His feelings about Mary were different now than they had been back then. By getting to know the childless version of her, Dean now had some insight into how she thought, rationalized, and made her decisions. She was a force to be reckoned with, that was for sure. And, as a mother, she had a lot to learn. But in fairness to her, she hadn’t been given much practice. She’d had Dean for only a few years… back at an age where fixing him a sandwich with the crusts cut off had been the extent of the necessary knowledge. She hadn’t watched him grow up, slowly learning all the nuances of what it is to be a mother and the selfless patience that’s required.
“Yes Dean?”
As though he could read Dean’s mind, Cas laid down on him and covered Dean's entire body with his own, much the same way Dean had done to Cas. It was comforting. Then, Cas took Dean’s hand in his own and threaded their fingers together. Dean squeezed the hand he was holding tightly and then said, “Cas, I want to tell you something.”
“What time are you off?”
When his phone chirped, he roused himself hoping for another message from Dean. But, no. It was Gabe. Nap time was over and they were packing up their things. He replied a “yes” to his brother’s request to meet them on the monorail platform. But before getting up, he used his phone to take a picture. Pointing the camera down his reclined body, he was able to capture the view. The rippling, azure water as the subject of the photo and his own body in the foreground, stomach legs and feet visible in the photo. He looked at the picture, liking the way his body looked and the relaxed vibe of the photo.
“C’mon,” barked Benny roughly, “you know you wanna run a train. It’s all over you.”
Following the shooting, Dean’s ears rang and his head swam. There was a soft click from Benny’s side of the room and then warm lamplight filled the space. Looking around, he saw his friend looking startled, have been woken by gunfire, and he saw the open door of their motel room butted up against Benny’s wheelchair. Sprawled across Dean’s bed was a young man, the blood he now shed invisible on his dark clothing but undeniable as it soaked into the tan and white linens. A bright red circle, growing larger by the second, marked this man as having at least one gunshot wound. The pathetic gurgling sound that emerged from his half open mouth was, Dean knew, the last he’d make. He was dying. On the floor nearby was another dead man, but Dean paid him no attention… didn’t even turn to look at him. Instead, he leapt onto the bed. Straddling the nearly dead man, Dean leaned in and grasped him by the collar. Hoping that the man might be able to answer at least one question, he grasped the man by his throat and screamed, “Who sent you?”
"Let me?" she pouted flirtatiously, reaching up to take Dean's chin between her thumb and forefinger. "Such an ambitious lad, you are. Who are you to deny me what's mine, eh? To the victor go the spoils. That's been the way of it since before the years were numbered." Dean felt dread creeping up on him as she clutched to him, her tone turning commanding as she stared him down. "And," she continued, "what I choose to do with the property and riches of my dearly departed Fergus are no business of yours."
“It’s him Dean. He’s an angel. That’s what this tracks.”
“Sure,” his friend said, his voice thick and his body posture tense.
Shutting the door, Dean walked around behind the car to retrieve his blanket and tossed it into the backseat. The big branch they’d used was left a short distance from the treeline simply to serve as a marker. He had a hunch that they’d be returning later to bury the bodies.
“I guess you’re right,” Jack admits, sagging against the back of the couch. “Even if you had remarried years ago, and even if they’d been awesome, they wouldn’t have been able to replace her. I’d still feel like part of me is missing - I’d still be mad that she’s gone.”
“Deal,” whispered Dean, pulling his wallet out.
Watching Cas dig into a double bacon burger, Dean was certain that lunch had been a good idea. Claire sank into chili cheese fries while both Donna and Jody had ordered far healthier fare. When the rush had dwindled, they paid the bill and asked to speak to the manager again. She appeared tired when she emerged from the back with several different foods staining her shirt.
Each time he sinks that fake cock back in, Dean’s lewd excitement builds. His cock plumps a bit more with each push and his limbs are noticeably starting to tingle. With his dick growing hard again, Dean decides to roll onto his back and start stroking it. Hoping to stay stuffed full as he jerks off, he begins to carefully turn over. It’s as he’s changing positions that movement catches his eye from across the room.
do it for ya.”
“I just - I didn’t know.”
He heard Dean spit and felt a small wet dribble land on his bare cheek. Dean’s thumb was on it right away, spreading it around, making a nice wet spot on his ass and then before Cas could even suck in a breath, Dean’s hand snapped down on his bare, wet skin. The man’s palm shot a stinging concentration of stabbing pain through the meat of his butt cheek. He could feel it redden and gasped as Dean fired off two more in quick succession. His ass was on fire, and he clenched his cheeks in response, wiggling his hips around as he absorbed the sensations. His cock bumped against Dean’s leg and the feel of it sent a shiver slithering up his spine.
Castiel just licked his hand, not saying anything.
Castiel could only increase his speed and interrupt the demon's nasty mouth. He knew the other man was on the verge, and resisting the sourness of holding his mouth open for so long, Castiel tightened the hand circling the base of the man's cock while letting the cock fucking his mouth go in deeper, pressing it with his throat. Dean stroked Castiel encouragingly, yes, faster, let me cum in your mouth, the man mumbled these words vaguely, and his hips lifted upward in response to Castiel's movements. What finally released Dean was a heavy sucking, the sticky cum dripping down his throat, and despite his preparation, his inexperience caused Castiel to nearly choking down his windpipe, and he let Dean's cock slip out of his mouth before turning on his side and coughing violently, the milky liquid mixed with saliva dripping down the corners of his mouth and spilling onto the grass.
Although it wasn't the first time for either of them, Castiel hadn't had much of a chance to really gaze at Dean's genitals yesterday. He took some time to examine it carefully, Dean was beautifully shaped and the man wasn't bragging, it was indeed... difficult for the average person to contain. Castiel began to wonder how it had gotten inside him before, and he tentatively and carefully licked at the small hole in the cock, Dean's taste tasted a little salty, but not repulsive to him. Then he got a little bolder and took the head of Dean's cock in his mouth, sucking gently and repeatedly stimulating with his tongue where he could reach it, while in his ear, Dean was gasping like some porn star.
When Sam passed the marker off to one of the girls, he returned his attention to Cas. “I’m the groom,” he said with a smirk, “and baby brother to this fucker.”
“I agree,” nodded Castiel, “let’s go up to the library. We can sit around the table and discuss this calmly.”
Glad to have the temptation of an impromptu lunch date removed from him so easily, Dean once again prepares to exit. To his student he says, “It was good to see ya, Jack, but I better get goin’. I’m glad you told me about this, though” he adds, referring to the market, “it was better than I expected.”
Dean nodded, moving to follow along with Benny and his friends. Casting a pitiful glance over his shoulder, Dean saw Castiel staring after him in disbelief.
impact play, discipline
“Dean?” he called out. Turning back towards the doorway, he saw that his brother had risen and made his way to the doorway. He leaned there now, clearly dazed and trying to orientate himself. Dean gave him a nod of understanding but his attention was pulled back to Castiel.
“It’s still over ten hours away, Dean. I don’t see him still being in the woods by the time we get there.”
“Don’t care,” muttered Cas, dropping his head to Dean’s chest and sucking a nipple into his mouth.
“Creepy,” Dean finally said, when he found the ability to turn away. He nodded towards Aaron, hoping to demonstrate detachment and indifference. But the feel of Cas’ heavy eyes stayed with him for a long time. The weight of it was like a physical thing. Later, during playbreak, Dean was listening to Crowley as he whispered about all the horrid things he planned to do with each of the mermaids. Sick of hearing the dirty details, Dean settled on a question that would both change the subject and possibly encourage Crowley to leave for a while.
“I’m Cas,” the man is saying, “Cas Kline. How’ve you been Coach Winchester?”
“I mean,” said Cas firmly, raising his voice to compete with the booming of firework cannons and the cheers of the crowd, “What’s with you? You think I’m going to bend over for you or something? Is that what this is?”
“Well, what if he’s here already? He could’ve come through while we were still in our room. He could be watching us right now… waiting for us to step through so he can lock the door behind us and keep this world for himself.”
“Impala.”
She was clearly stunned and as he watched her face crumble in shame, his heart went out to her. He reached for her, wanting to take her hand and pull her down from the bar and carry her out of there. She so clearly didn’t belong. He never got the chance though. She turned from him and climbed down the opposite side of the bar. He called out to her, “Wait –
The two don’t need to hold hands or embrace for Jack to understand that there’s something intimate growing between them. The spark of it had likely been present when the girls first met and he'd failed to notice it. However, in a matter of days that spark has grown into a burning flame that can be seen from twenty paces. Eventually the growing fire will consume them in love and lust, keeping them focused on each other above anyone else and leaving him with no one.
That declaration had him spinning around. It was followed immediately by a barking voice that answered, “Don’t call me Cassie. I’m not a mermaid.”
“Oh, I’ll be right back,” he said hastily as he turned away.
Before heading out, he works on his “To Do” pile for a bit. As he’s doing that, his phone buzzes with a new message. It’s from Sam.
He wasn’t far from the front of the park, and the monorail platform was deserted. No one was going anywhere right now… every park guest was either finding a spot for the parade or trying to squeeze in a few more rides before it started.
“You gonna be sayin’ that when you polish my knob?” teases the man, following like a sheep.
Dean lay there underneath his lover, his belly and cock pressed heavily into the mattress, throbbing between his legs as Cas rolled his hips smoothly down into him, sucking the back of Dean's neck the entire time. He'd never felt so possessed in his life… so completely and fully owned by another person. It lasted a long time, and when they came, Cas held Dean tightly.
Taking a protective stance over his brother, Dean turns his weapon on the grey. In an instant he understands everything. The grey is doing what he’s always done – taking down a human on sight. Cas, however, having been intimate with Dean for so long, knows this scent. He associates it with Dean and is ready to die defending it. Seeing two enormous Wares fight is an incredible thing. He can feel it in the ground each time one of their mighty paws comes down and their snarls send shivers of fear of down his spine. The great Grey wolf is no match for Cas and on some level Dean knows this. After all, if he were capable of winning in a battle with the alpha, he’d actually
With determination, Cas manages to gets to work. When the driveway has been cleared, he’s able to get his car out and drive over to the office space he leases. Initially he’d worked from an office in his home while his mother in law had babysat. But, once his in-laws had moved out of state, he’d had to make a change.
“Heya Sammy, whatcha doin?”
“Well, the girls wanted to do something for your birthday. I’m supposed to get you to come out with me on Saturday and then bring you here. It’s a surprise.”
Over the next few days, Dean makes a few calls. Then, on Saturday, he waits for darkness to descend before getting in his car and driving across the river. Parking a few houses down from his targeted address, Dean remains in his vehicle for a few minutes after it quiets. Then, having deemed the coast to be clear, he cautiously climbs out of the car.
“Naw man. That was, well, let’s just say I’m not ready for somethin’ like that with everybody standin’ around and watchin.” joked Benny.
“You like this place,” said Cas; it wasn’t a question.
Ushered into a comfortable office, Dean was greeted by an older woman. She looked to be coming up on retirement, but he could tell that in her heyday she’d been smokin’ hot. Standing up from her chair, she leaned across the expanse of her desk to shake his hand with a wide smile as she introduced herself and encouraged him to call her by her first name. As that was happening, the nurse’s assistant removed his lead and laid it on the desk. She then held up a soft robe for him and he stepped into it. As she let go, he pulled it shut and tied it at the waist.
“Epic night,” he corrects.
The head of his cock was now glazed with pre-cum where it rested on the glass barrier, and behind him, his eager entrance was sopping wet. Extra tight back there after a few days rest, Dean was thrilled to have such a delectable partner be the one designated to violate it.
“Um, I feel pretty alone, Dean.”
“Five bucks,” said the man as he accepted the coupon.
The bewildered mass quieted, turning to leave. Dean watched them all press toward the entrance of the tent and push through the flaps in single file. In the silence that followed, Crowley whispered for several by name and they lingered behind. The few who’d been called back formed a semi-circle behind Sam, Dean, and Ruby. They were effectively trapped with the demon, and knowing they weren’t going anywhere, the bearded man sank back into his gilded chair the way a king sits comfortably on his throne.
“Next check. So, I guess a week or so after Christmas? I get paid every two weeks.”
She kept him waiting for a few minutes, gentle hands working his pecs and biceps and even his thigh muscles before bringing her fingers to his groin. She teased his dick to life skillfully and then began to stroke his shaft when it lengthened in her hands. Before long, Dean was feeling the familiar tug of the cock ring being guided back into place. For good measure, she stroked him a few more times once it was on him and looked into his eyes as his arousal became fresh and new again.
“Dude,” said Dean, holding his palm up for a high-five, “You’re so stealth.”
"I promised you something though," he said tentatively, "and that's a promise I've kept. For years and years."
With his head a bit clearer, he called out to whichever attendant might be nearby. “Anyone there?” he tried hopefully.
“I hope to see you again,” replies Cas, finally turning his eyes to Dean. “But if I don’t, at least I’ll have the pictures… of your cock.”
“Next round?” he replied with embellished surprise, “It’s almost nine o’clock. We’re already up late!”
Even from fifty yards away and through a closed garage door, Castiel can hear the hungry growl of that engine. When it finally cuts off, the neighborhood almost seems too quiet. Too still. Fumbling to get his binoculars back into position, Castiel adjusts them. He eagerly scans the few yards that separate the house and garage hoping to catch a glimpse of the man he covets. Simultaneously he hears the heavy slam of a door and sees the silhouette of a man. It’s impossible to tell what he’s wearing, but his strides are long and confident. Disappearing around a corner, the man seems to have headed to a back door. The front door, framed by a deep porch, remains dark and unused. Near the back of the house, one single window lights up.
Handing off his lead to a nurse’s aid, Meg departed wordlessly, any trace of good humour already having faded.
With sharp teeth pressed to the back of his neck and heavy paws framing him from above, Dean cowers under his ware and grits his teeth as he's fucked raw. The others all watch the anger bang between them, many of them also bent double under their partners and impaled on a throbbing cock. He can't help screaming and crying out as Cas nears his climax and doubles his efforts.
As a Fledgling, Dean had spent the waking cycles with his mother. She took care of him with the assistance of the Attendants and she taught him things… basic things. Things that all merfolk should know. But now he was bigger and had the excitement of swimming off with a school of his peers while the adults were working.
“Can I touch it?” he whispered in a husky voice.
Realizing that the man would not speak first, Dean took a deep breath and simply said, “Talk to me.”
“Boy, that ain’t true and you know it. If you honestly thought your old man didn’t care, you would’ve moved out of this shit-show a long time ago.”
“Dad,” says Jack, flopping back down on a stool, “I don’t know, okay?”
Later that afternoon Cas pauses his work briefly to greet Claire when she comes over to pick up Jack for shopping. He also meets Kaia for the first time, and then watches from the doorway as the three climb into Kaia’s dark sedan together. Loud, thumping music emanates from the vehicle as it starts up and backs out of the driveway and he suppresses an urge to roll his eyes as he gives a cursory wave to them before closing the door. By the time they’re back, the clock is coming up on midnight.
“…it’s okay, I think it makes me look cool…” Sammy was saying as Dean swam up.
Chastised, the three turned repentant eyes on the stranger and apologized.
As the handler walked him through the door of the salon, Dean’s eyes shot to Cassie’s station. His hopes of being cared for by her were dashed when he saw another man on her table. He was led over to the empty table of a woman named Lydia. She wasn’t as nurturing or flirty as Cassie, but she was attractive enough that he liked having her hands on him. He laid there and tried to relax as she cleaned him up. She gave him a standard mid-day massage which included special focus on his butt cheeks to help his gaping hole regain its shape. He was also given an artful teasing to make sure that he was eager enough to return to his work.
“I got a scholarship to Stanford, Dean. One I never even applied for. And you know how it was with me… my grades weren’t even good enough to get accepted to a school like that… let alone to win a scholarship. But I got one. And that’s not all. I was given the nicest housing and the best of everything, right down to the food. Dean, scholarship kids just don’t get the stuff I got. They still have to do work-study every week. They have to take out loans for stuff that the scholarship doesn’t cover. They have to bust their asses to keep their grades up or they lose their ride. But not me, Dean. Those rules didn’t apply to me.”
“Yep. I think it’s neat, Dean, that you can talk to them or whatever. You’re special. Have you always understood them? Is that why they never scared you the way they scared me?”
“You have a
“It’s safer in my office,” said Jim. “We’ll be on hallowed ground.”
“C’mon. Out with it,” insisted Benny.
“Dean,” she said softly, “is this a brother, or a sister?”
His brother’s face was imploring as he pulled Ruby closer to himself and said, "She saved me tonight, Dean."
But once Dean had left, their time together had taken on a dreamlike quality. Dean hadn’t made any kind of a footprint in Cas’ life – he’d never ridden in Cas’ car or been to his place. In fact, every moment of their time together had been spent in a vacation zone. It had been a magical time. But once Dean had gone, a strange feeling of finality had settled into Cas’ bones. No, he hadn’t gone on a trip, but it still felt as if he’d taken a vacation and everything about it was now just a memory. Actually, what he’d been on was a vacation from reality. Then, when his fun and carefree days with Dean had ended, his attention had been pulled back to his normal life with the jarring sense of being awakened from a beautiful dream.
"She did it because she had to, Dean, but then she fell in love with me. And now, she's different. She risked everything to save me."
Laying his palm on Castiel’s butt cheek, Dean hushes him. “No way,” he whispers, letting go of the plug. Having been clenching eagerly, Cas’s sphincter seems to gobble up the plug and it sinks back into him.
"Sammy," he said, dropping Cas's hand and stepping away from him for the first time since he'd fallen, "she's a demon. She's a demon, man, you gotta see that. Tell me you see her for what she is."
Another area of concern for him lately is the way he craves being bitten by his alpha. The very idea of it fills him with lust and longing. When he’s getting fucked and he feels those fangs press against the skin at the back of his neck, as they nearly always do, he whispers feverish yeses. His wolf has never been shy about leaving some incidental teeth marks behind but Dean craves more. Every time he nears a climax, he’s hoping and praying that the beast will bite down hard – sink teeth into his flesh and drawn blood – drink it down.
They’re his pack now. He knows he’s been claimed by them because when their leader had finished with Dean that first time, he’d stepped aside and let the other wolves come forward one at a time to pee on him. Too tired to protest, he’d lain there and let them. Nothing but a pile of limbs in the moonlight, fucked out and exhausted, he’d barely been able to lift his head as they’d approached him. After they’d finished, his own formidable beast had paced a wide circle around Dean before stepping up to his face and lifting a leg to him.
“She was willing to do that, Jack. She was willing to put her entire life on hold for you. Strangely enough, she was also willing to put her faith in me… to believe that when the time came, I’d keep my word… to trust me with her future, and yours.”
“Yeah, Cas. It is.”
“I’m on to you,” Dean told her jokingly, “You didn’t jump worlds for Sammy… you’re here for the bacon.”
When he hears the first audible clip-clop of horse hooves on pavement, he listens for the direction of origin because he still can’t see anything. The echoing clacking from neighboring building distorts the direction and makes it difficult to pinpoint the actual origins of the sound.
Louder. More demanding. “Dean. Why did you answer?”
“It’s only ten minutes from my place.”
In fact, he’d been to the Dead Boat enough times now that it didn’t hold any excitement for him. His glee, he now realized, stemmed from a break in the monotony of visiting work sites with the school. This, like a trip to Hot Waters, was not a work destination. It would primarily be fun.
“I do,” he says with a slight nod. Dean is looking over at him now and when Cas smiles at him, Dean returns it.
Now that they’ve picked Dean’s brain for information, their most logical move was to sit back and watch him… hope that he would eventually lead them to his father. If he stayed, there would be no way he could inadvertently do that.
After that, a trip to the salon had him feeling fresh and clean again. He ventured through the rooms slowly, making himself available. All around him others were lost in various stages of carnal acts and it was quite sensual to walk amidst the clusters of people fucking. Back in the room with the pool table, he let out a whistle to get everyone's attention and then bent over against the bar to make his intentions known. Feeling like he could never be fucked enough to be fully satisfied, Dean took on a chain of men, one right after the other. They lined up for him, each taking their turns while he jerked himself to orgasm again and again. Enjoying the change in dynamic from one man to the next, Dean kept his back arched and his legs spread wide, taking all comers and keeping at it until his knees grew too weak to hold him up anymore.
“I think I’ll come with you,” said Cas as they headed down the street toward the entrance.
When she’d broken the seal of his lips, she broke eye contact too and walked away. Dean didn’t move though. Instead, he laid there on his back with his swollen cock standing at attention. He didn’t touch it. Instead, he focused on the feeling inside him… the juice doing its job. It remained cool as it slithered through his body and he could feel the walls of his colon responding to its magical properties. Unlike other drinks, this one would never be voided. This one was soaking into him and changing the properties of his very cells. Sadly, its effects would last only for the day. He remained in that position for quite a while as the staff worked their way down a long line of cages and offered bottles to each and every man. By the time the jingling of keys reached his ears, Dean was as wet between his legs as any woman had ever been. His puckered hole, always anxious to be fucked, was now creating its own natural lube and as Dean’s body writhed involuntarily on his bed, a wet spot was forming beneath him. For the first few hours on the juice, Dean’s body would eagerly overproduce the stuff and the effects would leave him literally dribbling like a leaky faucet from his backside. The sensation wasn’t unpleasant at all. In fact, he rather enjoyed the feeling. To him, it was a physical manifestation of his desire. So often in the past he’d slipped his hand down into some girls panties and moaned when he found her wet for him. Now, others could do the same with him.
“I-I don’t know what you –
She looked up at him, setting aside the box she was digging through. The fact that he hadn’t spoken directly to her in days seemed to be immediately forgotten. She nodded and walked around the table. As she did, Dean headed for the door, expecting her to follow him out. Which she did. When he ushered her into the shallow storeroom and slid the gates open to reveal the dungeon, she seemed to grow wary.
Working to control his shaky voice and hold back the tears that threatened to fall, Dean looked over at the other Mary. “And what do I call you?” he barked at her. He hadn’t meant it to sound so harsh, but his throat was constricted with emotion and it lent a rough quality to his voice.
They park at Pizza Ranch, a venue they frequent regularly. It’s decorated in a kitschy cowboy motif and boasts ridiculous offerings like ‘The Bronco’ and ‘The Roundup’ and ‘The Trailblazer’ pizzas. But, aside from it’s glaring imperfections, the place stays busy because everything they serve is delicious. They offer buffet over both the lunch and dinner hours, which features both the  typical pizza fare and also fried chicken with all the trimmings. If you’re hungry, it’s the place to go.
“Well,” says Dean, speaking to all three now, “looks like his truck stalled out a block over. I followed his footprints here, so he must be around.”
As they walk, the elevation of the land changes. Dean notices that the footprints disappear in the higher places and reappear in the low lying areas – it’s an indication that the tracks were made when the land was wetter than it is now. The prints seem to sink half an inch into the ground, and even in the lowest areas they’re dry now, hardened into their shape. The prints are spaced far apart which seems to indicate a long stride. That, combined with the size of the foot, seems to indicate someone tall.
“Yes?”
Ron was a fun guy and he’d probably have far more friends if he just didn’t think so poorly of himself. Honestly, it didn’t make any sense to Dean. He’d known lots of guys that were heavier and uglier without having so many self esteem issues.
“Can you give me an example?”
“Please,” he whimpered as he made a play for it, “please let me suck it.”
Nothing has ever been so completely wrong and yet so right… so unbelievably dangerous and still so safe. Every time he’s mounted by his Ware, Dean is enveloped in fur, soft and warm. He’s nuzzled sweetly and licked reverently. But then, he’s also violently penetrated. He’s completely dominated and, quite literally, fucked into the ground. This happens with dozens of eyes on him and muted growls intermittently rising from the other canines nearby.
Leaning in to pull questionable glasses from beneath the bar, Ash asked them conversationally, “Cold out there?”
It’s clear that this answer is a surprise to almost everyone because no one is laughing anymore. There are some feather soft whispers perceptible as a few people in the room speak directly into someone else’s ear. Claire’s head tilts Jack’s way and she winks at him, probably guessing how elated he is at this very moment.
Even as a viewer, Dean would find himself relaxing during the interim and then coming back stronger afterwards. The doctor was smooth. The doctor was incredible. And, more than anything, Dean wanted to be at the mercy of this man, if even just once in his life. Imagining himself bound and expertly attended to was quickly becoming an unhealthy fixation.
“Read it or don’t,” barked John. “I’m not in the mood for games.”
In defense, Dean would usually reply with, “Yeah. But satisfaction brought it back.”
“Very good young lady,” he praises. It’s almost comical to watch her melt like butter under his affirming gaze. The Coach is sexy. No one would dare deny it.
Wow. This was unexpected, and the timing was rotten. He’d just gotten his emotions back under control a moment ago and now his mother appeared to be tugging at his heart strings. If her point was going to be that she was okay with him and Cas being a couple, then great. But with his emotions already running high, it wouldn't be easy keeping up his poker face. Dean folded his arms across his chest and squared his shoulders as he listened.
He hadn’t even realized that he’d nodded off until someone dropped something across the room. Startled by the sound, he woke and looked around. Realizing that he’d slept for a bit, Dean stretched his arms and legs and then set his sights on dinner. After a leisurely meal, he made a brief stop at his locker to exchange his phone for his collar and cuffs. Then, ready to call it a day, Dean then headed down to check in at the nurse’s station.
“Yeah, fuck you,” he mumbled under his breath.
Standing over him now, Dean can feel his Ware looming. Its nose is still tracing the contours of his back and the feeling is so sensual that he shivers with delight. The wolf inhales deeply, as if enjoying Dean’s scent. Then, when it can shove its nose no farther up his shirt, it moves to his neck. “Yes,” he whispers, instinctually moving to bare his throat. It’s an invitation and his wolf takes it.
“Nah, turns out you were right about him - he didn’t even look twice at my dad.”
Before long, the two were bent over Gabby’s stroller. Cas watched as they checked over all the compartments and made sure that Cas had all the supplies he’d need.
“Dean,” he pants, still in shock. “I can’t -  I can’t believe this.”
More adept at using the binoculars now, he quickly locates his target and zooms in. He can see into the car and, yes, there is a man in there. At least this time the guy isn’t staring back at him through binoculars, though there is a pair laying on the dashboard. The driver is flailing, his face turned down towards his lap and belatedly Dean realizes that the man is fumbling with keys in the ignition.
When the sky darkened and the show started, it found Cas leaning casually back against Dean in the circle of his arms. It was wonderful to experience… and when Cas tipped his head back onto Dean’s shoulder, the smell of the man’s neck sent a surge of lust down his body that woke up his cock and clouded his mind. The show was barely over when Cas began whispering dirty things into Dean’s ear and making a play to get him alone.
“I guess,” he answered glumly.
He drives several blocks towards the comfort of home before remembering that he was actually supposed to be at the store all this time. Irritated, he makes a left at the next light and heads for the grocery store instead.
“Both,” he grinned as he remembered Carmen, drunk as a skunk and trying to suck him off. She’d pulled off just in time to spew all over his shoes instead of on his junk.
All Dean could think was,
“The rides close at twelve-thirty,” said Castiel. It was easy to hear the sadness in his voice. He didn’t want their time to be up, Dean could tell. He didn’t want to say good bye either. They lingered near the entrance eating warm cakes covered in powdered sugar and when they tossed their paper plates into a nearby trash bin, Dean reached out and flicked a puff of white from Cas’ nose. Those blue eyes settled on him and he could feel it all the way down to his toes. The two smiled softly, Dean thinking for the first time that he might like to kiss a boy. He hoped that Castiel’s shy smile meant he was thinking the same.
Also, I want to give a little shout out to KittyKat213, Aurora, and WashingtonIrving. Each has kind of made my day at some point since the last chapter was posted. I hope you guys like this update. I'm already pounding out the next one, just FYI :)
Dean hangs on for dear life as he’s ridden hard, iron hands gripping his hips and the crowd going wild. “No way,” he grits out. “But I’ll take some lube if you’ve got it” he pants, going for humor and trying to be cavalier.
To his surprise, it wasn’t tight. Not like Cas had been. Clearly Dean was not the first customer of the night. He didn’t need good light to see the blackness of this guy’s hole as it stood open and ready for him. Grabbing hold of hips, Dean lined up and pushed inside, not stopping until his balls were resting hot against the man bent over in front of him. Needing a moment to steady himself, Dean leaned in over the young man’s back. His t-shirt smelled of sweat and sex and grass and Dean used his left hand to shove the shirt up and reveal skin.
“Hello, Dean,” greeted the winning bidder from behind him.
“It’ll start,” she says confidently. “You sure you don’t want something to eat before you go?”
“Well, I know someone who’d like to help you out with that,” Benny joked, tipping his head to indicate a nearby admirer who’d been caught staring.
Dean drank thirstily as he listened to Cas explain the ‘rules’ that would govern his inclusion in this scene. There was to be no speaking. No getting up from the chair. He wouldn’t be restrained or gagged unless he broke these rules and if any rules were broken, Dean would never be invited back. He was not to touch himself below the waist or remove any of his clothing.
“Safe!” they all shouted.
“This is the best I can do,” said the man softly. Looking up, Dean saw him offering a letter opener. “I’m sorry,” he adds. “If I could put a gun in your hands, I would.”
The first few minutes are always painful, but Dean doesn’t actually mind that part. Sure, he’s dry and there’s no lube out here in the great wide open, but thankfully, the tongue that wets him first is long and deft. It’s also good that his beastly lover always seems to be leaking excitedly from his tip before they even start. The slick that dribbles onto his crack as the two line up for penetration is a welcome gift for Dean. But, even without wetness, he's sure he'd still grit his teeth and gladly take the pain. Even with wetness to ease the way, his wolf his huge and a measure of pain seems inevitable for at least the first few pumps.
“As your pastor,” answered Jim, “I am meant to be the visible hand of God that reaches out to you. I’m not just here to read you a sermon on Sundays. I’m here to show you God’s love for you. He does love you Dean, and so do I.”
The two of them turned to leave, Dean pausing at the light switch.
“Wouldn’t hurt.”
The nights when he’s got practice he runs out of steam way before he runs out of homework so he usually puts off anything that can possibly wait. That means there’s always an ambitious pile of work waiting to eat up his free nights. Thankfully, his dad lets him off the hook for volunteering at the animal shelter at times when he’s active in an after school activity.
“After.”
“Yeah, I think I am. Or, that I will be.”
“This happen often?” asked Dean.
Also coming to a stop, Dean sees that the kid is pointing at a cluster of trees on the next rise. Squinting in the afternoon sun, Dean pulls his hand from the nape of his brothers neck so he can shield his eyes. Narrowing his gaze, he tries to focus on the flutter of muted color in the distance but can't quite grasp what he's seeing. When Sam prompts him again, asking what they're seeing, he has to admit he doesn't know. Still staring at it, he fumbles blindly for the binoculars hanging from his neck. Once he can peer through them, he carefully adjusts for depth as he searches out the anomaly. When he finally locks onto the sight with magnification, he simply says, "We gotta get a closer look.”
It isn’t easy keeping quiet as Cas sinks into this new form of pleasure, but they manage it. Cas pants softly as he tucks his paws under his body and works to keep his tail out of the way. Dean’s mate has completely given up on reciprocation at this point and even though he feels a bit neglected, it’s a delight to see Cas so enthralled with this new pleasure.
Later, father and son climb into the car together and make a long drive to the nearest regional airport. They’re picking up the East Coast relatives who are going to be staying with them for almost a week in honor of Jack’s graduation. Since the airport is several towns away, their round trip will take the better part of the afternoon. But, while it’s still just the two of them in the vehicle, Jack turns to Cas and asks, “Dad, who is it?”
It was hard to believe that in such duress, any of them were able to sleep. But eventually sound sleep must’ve taken them under because all four of them were startled from a deep sleep when Becky knocked on Pastor Jim’s door and announced she was heading home for the day. They were groggy, all of them, eyes burning for more sleep. Jim called his thanks to the secretary as he scrambled to his feet and checked the time. “It’s almost six,” he said to the group. “Three hours until sundown.”
Below are just some pics I thought were cool... including some curious (voyeuristic) dolphins.
“Well, then,” responded Cas dutifully, “Someone pee on me. This hurts like hell.”
“Jack, human sexuality is a complicated thing. For some, the preferences are easy to label, but for others, it can take half a lifetime to really come to an understanding. And even when we’ve figured out how to label ourselves, there’s nothing set in stone. People can be wrong. People can change. It’s a lot to process. You might want to give yourself some time, Jack. Just take things as they come and discover yourself in your own time. What’s the point in rushing to label yourself, right?”
But no. That wasn’t to be the way of it, he could see that now. Novak would keep coming back until he had what he wanted.
(See the end of the chapter for
When he stepped inside the tent, Dean found himself face to face with an older man, mid to late thirties. He was a handsome man, dressed like a ringmaster, right down to the tails on his suit coat and the top hat perched on his head. Stepping up to Dean, he extended his hand for Dean to shake.
Unable to hold back, he eagerly pushes himself forward to deepen their kiss while sliding his palm up the man’s inner thigh to cup him between his legs. Groaning as he does it, his heart skips a beat when he feels hands come to his shoulders.
Dean was limp, holding on by a thin thread, hoping not to cum before they even started. He’d talked a big game to her. It had been foolish, he realized now, thinking that he could orchestrate and enjoy a threesome when he’d never even had sex before. Now, praying for the strength to hold on, he tried to find himself. He flexed his fingers, curled his fin, picked his heavy head up from Pam’s shoulder and looked over at Cas.
“What do you think?”
"Thanks for that," he smiles, knowing that the words are heartfelt. "But still, if I wanted to be a dad, I woulda had a few kids." Pointing towards his home, Dean adds, "my place is out there, Sammy. Yours is here, with your family. I just wanna be sure that while you're gone, you'll remember where your place is."
Feeling his abdomen tighten and his dick swell at the thought of mating, Dean realized that he could do it. Hell, he’d been plenty horny the past few days. There was no reason to think he’d not be able to perform. With that thought in mind, Dean pushed gently up from the sea floor and began floating slowly closer to the action.
“Yeah,” he agreed. “It’s nice.” On some level, Dean found himself excited. But it wasn’t just the decent digs that had him feeling buoyant. He was enjoying his time with Cas. And now, dead set on showing Cas the many things to love about life on Earth, Dean was a bit excited about doing those things for himself too. He’d spent far too long avoiding pleasurable things in favor of saving the world. Hell, last night had been the first time in ages that he’d gone to a restaurant based on choice rather than convenience. In hindsight Dean also realized that it had been too long since he let himself have some actual fun.
Fuck.
If Dean could show his angel the good things, he’d fall in love with life here on earth. He’d have his own reasons to stay in the bunker with them. To be a family. Perhaps their relationship could evolve into a sexual one someday, but even if it didn’t, Dean would still choose life with Castiel over life with anyone else. He smiled as he thought of it and glanced in the mirror. Cas was asleep with his head slumped against the window. The rain had dissipated to a light mist, and Dean was turning his wipers down to low speed when his phone’s ringtone blared out and startled him. Not wanting to disturb the others, he fumbled to answer the call quickly.
“Hey Brotha, how you been?”
“Oh, I forgot about that,” he replies, hoping that Sam will pick up on his indifference and drop it.
“Are we friends?” the man asked, seemingly hopeful.
Dean was dumbstruck. Speechless. His mouth was hanging open and he couldn’t form words as he tried to process this version of his brother… the one that was willing to harm others to save himself. Obviously Sam had been more desperate and hopeless than he’d let on. Still reeling from Sam’s admission and trying to reorient himself, Dean’s eyes darted around the room desperately searching for aid. Where was all the firepower they’d walked in here with? Why wasn’t his father firing off homemade salt rounds or clearing a path through the clowns with plastic pistols of holy water? For fuck sake, why was no one doing anything?
“Oh, um, two things actually. In art we’re doing crayon melting and what I’m making is for her. Actually, you should check it out. It’s cool and fun and really easy. You could do one for your dad and I bet he’d frickin’ love it.”
“It might be for the best,” he replied, “they’ll never see ya comin’.”
“Fuck,” Dean whispers, turning his gaze towards the city. Looking down on it from up here, the sections are clearly defined… the most familiar parts being those behind walls where he’d grown up. The new human settlement, NewTown, is  on the other end where smoke and light are evidence of life outside the wall. Between the two is downtown - comprised primarily of concrete, steel, and glass. It's been completely picked over for as long as Dean can remember and it's crumbling. Devoid of all life. There are a few areas of Lawrence that are not currently inhabited but which are still accessed for scavenging and though they're obvious from this vantage, they have no official name.
"You're distracted, Cass." The demon suddenly spoke, his tone much colder than before, "What are you thinking about?"
Suddenly his body flinched and his cock twitched a little, spitting out more pre-cum. The brown-haired man chuckled, the change in his bed partner's body obviously not escaping his attention as he gently grabbed the other man's cock, circled the base of the length and cruelly blocked the tip with his thumb, saying in a brisk tone, "Not yet, Cas. You should let me enjoy it first, shouldn't you?"
And damned handsome too.
He took Castiel's hand and feigned a romantic kiss over the other man's fingers, "But I don't mind, baby. Whatever it's for, you're going to be with me from now on."
He hung up the phone.
"I'm rather surprised that even after tens of thousands of years, humans take several kinds of cats with them as pets when they go to each planet in search of a new abode," Castiel responded in a gentle tone. It seemed a good sex session had made him much better tempered and he was no longer as combative as he had been just then, "What do you want to do tomorrow? I might be able to pick some honey back, I can make some waffles and drizzle them with honey if you want. Although Sam has instructed me to give you fewer sweets, I don't think it would hurt once in a while."
Sofia, I really should have said a more kindly goodbye to you.
"Baby, if you want my dick, this is not the way to go with this amount of determination." He pinched the man's chin, forcing him to meet his eyes. The man's - Castiel's - eyes were disoriented, the black pupils swallowing up most of the aquamarine irises, and he looked like his consciousness had gone to some unknown land, which Dean believed to be the case. Nonetheless, Dean still enjoyed the process of constantly stimulating him with words, and occasionally, Castiel's reactions would be interesting... Like now.
"Damn," he cursed, "I still can't believe that the most you've refined in tens of thousands of years are your lovemaking skills. Maybe I really should go to hell for teaching an angel how to give dirty titty sex."
The demon raised an eyebrow as his broad palm rested on Castiel's belly, squeezing slightly harder as if to feel the sizeable cock in Castiel's stomach while forcing Castiel to feel his possession.
Dean shrugged, "I've never heard of such a spell."
"You're worried about me." Dean cupped Castiel's chin and smiled smugly, "There's no need to worry about me, he just needs me to do something for him. It's not a big deal, certainly not more important than you."
"Where is here?" Castiel walked over and sat next to Dean. To be honest, he was getting used to the cat's tail after a day of running around, but the foreign substance in his body still made him frown.
The feeling was like a long thirsty man holding up a clear spring. He let the water soak through his guts, even though there was a little discordant voice in the back of his head telling him that this was not going to last, that when you come to your senses, when Castiel comes to his senses, it will all be over, and you will regret what you did for the rest of your life. At the moment, the only thing Dean wanted to do was to drink more of this poisonous water, in addition to everything else, he did not care at all. He did not need to care. No responsibility, no meaning, he found his lifelong goal, which is to stay with the person he wants to spend the rest of his life with, not a second apart.
"He won't even touch a hair on your head." Castiel said pleasantly, this moment Dean was brushing his sensitive spot, the angel narrowed his eyes and hummed with enjoyment, "You reminded me, I'll kill him later, he's so loud."
"My father was nowhere to be seen that time, and I was driving alone to find Sam, and by chance, I passed this place. I missed the motel up ahead and thought I'd find the next place to land before nightfall, but it was such a long road that I ended up stopping wearily, getting a beer out, and sitting on the grass, thinking back on my own life." Dean's voice was soft, almost like he was afraid to startle a wild critter, "I was too young and confused. I didn't know what I wanted, I didn't know what I was supposed to do, I just went on mechanically until there was no way out, and I would jump off the edge of the cliff. That night I sat here and all I could think of was: I will die, one day. And that day came so quickly, just three years later, my life was over."
"So-" Dean didn't rush to start the car up, he leaned back in his seat and turned his head to Castiel with a smile, "How's Sam doing?"
A kiss fell on his earlobe, the mysterious man taking Castiel's ear, his sharp teeth landing not too lightly on the ear, his tongue licking gently in a doting manner. Castiel felt an instinctive shiver run through him.
"Dean, this isn't you. When you come to your senses, you won't... You won't want this."
I turned my head and met the man's green eyes. He looked no more than thirty or forty years old, and the fine lines at the corners of his eyes when he smiled did not detract from his charm. He was dressed in rather old-fashioned clothing, his sleeves pulled up to reveal a lean, sturdy arm, and was bending down to throw two more sections of wood into the fire, I swallowed nervously, however much the man before me looked like a normal man, I thought basic courtesy and respect was still necessary, "Hello, honourable Father of Heaven."
Castiel looked around curiously, he opened the car door and followed Dean down. The late summer breeze wasn't too cold, and even in the late hours of the night, it still carried warmth. There were no buildings around, a small forest in the distance, mountains stretching further up the skyline, and beyond that, all he could see was an open meadow. Dean fetched his cooled dinner from the back seat, and he sat cross-legged on the grass, waving to Castiel.
In the end, his purpose is not complicated. He was waiting. He was waiting for the moment when he would find Dean, bring him home, and bring him back to Sam. Then, the mission that belonged to Castiel would be completed.
They looked at each other for a moment. The King of Hell looked at him searchingly, narrowing his eyes slightly, as if testing his boundaries, and slowly, he nodded, "Fine. No one will touch your angel, he belongs to you now, just as we agreed. Some addition for the grace with some witch's little secret recipe, and you'll have the angel that is completely corrupted - I understand."
Dean didn't answer him.
Dean bristled, "Okay. You have a point there, I guess."
He slept for a while, maybe several hours, he couldn't be sure. Finally, it was the slowing of the car that woke him up, and he opened his eyes blankly to see that they were parked in front of a fast-food restaurant in a style very much to Dean's taste.
A tidal wave of pleasure began to build up inside Castiel, his body propelled, step by step, towards the brink of eruption. What finally pushed him off the cliff was the act of Dean gently pressing his thumb against Castiel's perineum. There was nothing there, he didn't have labia like a woman, but Dean's hand seemed to have created such a part for him, and although Castiel didn't seek to understand it, the thought was undoubtedly like an electric current through his whole body. He shuddered as he stepped his head into the pillow beneath him and felt the wet liquid coating his belly. He ejaculated, it took his brain longer than ever to recognize it, and then for the next minute, he couldn't think of anything but this insatiable feeling that filled his whole body.
"See, your dirty talk is improving." Dean's fingers playing with Castiel's hair curled up, letting the strands tangle around his fingertips, "Go on, what else do you want me to do?"
"Did I come at a bad time?" The obnoxious voice rang out. Snapping out of his memories, Dean glanced at Crowley, who was covering his eyes, and gave the demon a blank face, responding coldly, "Obviously, when a man's bathroom door is closed, you should assume he's taking a bath."
"But you always wanted to leave me."
"Dean, I'm dying. It should be just in a few days." He said matter-of-factly, as if he was talking about nothing more than the stray dog they both saw in the parking lot yesterday.
Dean didn't press the issue, the car drove slowly up the road, inside the car is unusually silent, Castiel looked at the tape player that turned off. Only in rare cases, Dean will let the journey be so quiet.
Castiel nodded, incredibly eager for Dean's hand to stay inside him longer. He was a little surprised by the thought, but again, it was to be expected. He wanted Dean. He wanted Dean so badly.
"What's wrong?"
He owned Cas now.
Miraculously, Dean gradually stopped again. He became aware of the demon's hand gently caressing his back, some soft kisses landing on his shoulder blades again, the demon half straddling him, one hand holding Castiel's cock and skilfully stroking it. Instead of showing weakness in the cruel treatment, he squeezed out a sticky moan from the unexpected tenderness.
"Yeah, a long time ago, we were the ones running around the world like this trying to find those legendary creatures." Dean said in the momentary gasp between the lingering kisses, "Now we're all some kind of heavenly parents, hiding out in some corner of the world, just like those pesky mythical creatures. Just because of some little cubs we gave birth to."
"Well, I was just going to say that's a good idea." Dean shrugged his shoulders.
"Baby, do you remember a long time ago?" Dean moved gently to push his angel onto the couch, and Castiel fell back in line, as languid as a cat, his pyjamas falling apart under his movements. He still looked the same as he had tens of thousands of years ago, his complexion a little darker than Dean's, but surprisingly fine and smooth to the touch.
"Dean?" Castiel asked, rubbing his eyes in uncertainty.
"Really?" Dean cocked his head, "Tell me what you want me to do?"
"Yes, yes," the sudden mention of serious business made me feel like a pardon, "I need the feather of the Mother of Heaven, with the blood of the Father of Heaven, I have to stop the merging of the two universes, and only this spell will do it."
Perhaps it was the experience; my instincts, honed over years of being around the ladies, told me that I was perhaps intruding on their private time. Between their imploring glances, I raised my hand and harmlessly interrupted them before anything was irrevocably awkward, "Thank you, then perhaps I can go-"
Dean sat down on the bed, he put one arm around Castiel's shoulders and gave them a gentle squeeze, "Well, that's why you need me and a dozen take-out flyers."
Castiel sat up straighter, and the cat-tailed anal plug poked him again untimely, and now he was fully awake. He bristled, "Angels aren't supposed to sleep."
If only we could have prevented this cosmic catastrophe.
Castiel was almost a little annoyed when he closed the door for him as a gentleman. As soon as Dean got in, he grumbled dryly, "I could have walked by myself, none of this was necessary."
Dean turned off his phone. The car was darker, but Castiel had adjusted to the darkness, and he could faintly make out the man's face, though his expression was blurred. Only the green eyes were so bright, as dark as the wolves eyes in the night, as dark green and dangerous.
"You look pretty cold, kid." The man who looked like the star who would hog your teenage kid's terminal screen twenty-four hours a day gave me a smile as he sidled up to give me a spot where I could enter. I hesitantly stepped in, a heat burning the right side of my face, and I looked sideways to see a roaring fire burning in the walls, licking at the broken wood that had been thrown in. The man closed the door behind me, he yawned and said lazily, "Cas just heard your prayers, this is a tough place to find, isn't it? Every time Sam and Eileen complain about it so much, but it can't be helped, I don't want ordinary people just barging in."
I thought helplessly as my eyes scanned the pristine forest. It was formerly known as America, or at least that's what the ancient people called it on that map. Now it is just a barren, primitive jungle, surrounded by mountains, with a rudimentary access road poured out of the most basic materials of concrete, where even the birds dare to call out over your head. As a hunter, I often have to travel from planet to planet and have been to some not so developed ones, but even with lowered standards, Earth is horribly underdeveloped. What's even more disturbing is that the people who live here seem to be used to the inconvenience - I've been to most of the shops close to the hotel in the last two days to get my craft repaired, and it's hard to believe that most of the mechanical repair shops don't even stock nuclear-powered mandrel accelerators. The robot at the counter is programmed to say goodbye in a way that I'm sure you couldn't find a more hospitable employee on any planet.
Dean looked up into Castiel's eyes. The corners of the angel's lips always had a smile on them, but this moment he was a slight frown, gazing at him with unusual seriousness. Since swallowing that special grace, Dean had a hard time understanding Castiel's thoughts; although he didn't fully understand before this either. Perhaps once Castiel was a bad-tempered panther; now he was nothing but a house cat, lying meekly and voluntarily on your lap, yet when you groomed him, a flicker of unexplained sadness seemed to pass through his narrowed eyes.
Dean responded vaguely. He hugged Castiel from behind and buried his nose between the angel's neck, inhaling deeply, "Cas, did I tell you today that I fucking love you?"
"Your pet is guarding it out there, and I don't think he'd be happy to see me much, even though he's...", the cautious demon weighed his words, " Corrupted. "
And he looked damned human.
Castiel raised one eyebrow questioningly.
"Hello?"
"Dean," Castiel complained in a small voice. Dean slapped on his leg, "It's not your turn yet, suck me out once and I'll reward you properly."
The air pumped out of Castiel's lungs in a flash, and he blacked out, his consciousness lapsing, and eventually, all he could see were the black eyes of the demon. It was good that the last thing he saw was Dean, and that was all he wanted. The only regret was that the green colour that recurred in his dreams was nowhere to be seen, swallowed up by the darkness, along with himself into the stomach pouch of darkness and corrupted to nothing.
Castiel's free hand rested where his heart had been.
Castiel tried to roll his eyes to seek the figure hidden in the darkness. He had a rather off feeling, but after a half-hearted struggle, he simply asked, "Dean, are you kissing me...?"
"You don't want me to recall just how many we spawned." Dean wailed in pain, "We've used up three stacks of naming books, I just hope it's not twins again this time."
"Dean, I..."
"Dean." Castiel cried out in a tone that most closely resembled pouting. The angel's voice, trapped in the lust to be resolved, sounded much softer than at other times, with a certain sweetness, and there was only room for one person in his eyes. He stared straight at Dean, his full, dry lips glistening from the kiss he had just received, and then he smiled like a man possessed, "Am I not being good enough? Maybe you should teach me more, every minute of every day, we have all the time in the world. I want you to fuck me, fill me up and never pull out."
"Looks like this is it." Dean sounded a little smug, "And that's just the beginning."
Forever.
Castiel rubbed his stomach, his angel always smiled with relief at moments like this. Suddenly, he shuddered, grabbing Dean's hand in a rush to press it against his belly, and beneath the thin layer of muscle, Dean felt a new life moving about. No matter how many times now, such a touch would melt his heart into honey, these new lives, his children, always had such energy, even though soon after birth they would go from cute little Nephilim babies to little winged jerks who didn't always come to see them both throughout the year.
He wasn't making love to Dean. He was making love to "him". And when Dean was back in this body, it was over.
Castiel let himself stare at the passing scenery, really looking at them, getting lost in them. The car's speed was slow, and Castiel missed his wings so much at the beginning of the journey. It was as if he could still feel them growing on his back at times, and there were times when he found himself standing on the side of the road, eyes closed, hoping in the breeze that his wings would take him where he wanted to go. He always opened his eyes in disappointment and frustration, feeling like a butterfly with its wings plucked off. The rest of him was just a caterpillar. The time he became human, so much pain, cold, hunger, a world so strange and terrible, and he couldn't even hide behind his own wings. He fell out of the cocoon that protected him and wondered why other humans could keep smiling under such difficult restrictions. But now he's coming to realize that perhaps the purpose of a human's life is not to be efficient. Ironically, where once he had a nearly infinite lifespan, now he is almost on the verge of death, instead it is the latter that allows him to understand how he should enjoy his life.
I heard a small tinkling sound as the curtain with the beaded shards hanging from it was lifted and a man, who also looked to be in his middle age, was carrying two steaming drinks on a tray and looking gently towards us. His belly was slightly bulging, and the man's face glowed a pale orange in the firelight, the streams of light lining those blue eyes even more watery.
But one has to look on the positive side of everything, that's what my mother always taught me - she said that we are of the House of Wold and it is not our creed in life to give up so easily. If there's anything I've believed in since I was a kid, it's that the sky is the limit.
"That's right, baby." Dean patted the angel's ass contentedly, "Don't try to run away from me, let me take care of you."
"Go to sleep." Dean hugged Castiel tightly from behind, the big spoon wrapped around the little one, "Don't think about anything."
After a long time, Castiel slowly sat up, cum dripping from his lifted legs and drawing special patterns on his firm thighs. He lay down next to Dean, his breathing still not completely calm, but looking much more awake.
Castiel listened quietly, at this point no longer looking up at the sky, but instead examining the familiar face beside him. A face he could not forget.
Castiel leaned in and kissed him.
It lasted for a while before he finally felt a moist liquid flow into his mouth. Castiel's breast milk tasted like almost nothing, and Dean let it flow and sucked out the other side of the lotion as he had done, satisfied to see them dribble lasciviously down the angel's chest and disappear into the padded nightgown beneath him. It was early days yet, and when a few more months had passed, his angel would have trouble keeping his clothes on in general without getting his chest wet. He loved that stage when Dean would demand righteously that Castiel walk around the house in nothing but a chatty bikini, or even shove a short, but vibrating bunny tail up his ass and watch his bunny girl hold his belly and get all wet up and down to make dinner for him.
"A place with no name." Dean replied, pulling his burger out of the paper bag, handing one to Castiel and taking one for himself, humming a song under his breath, not one of the ones Castiel often heard Dean play in the car, so he wasn't familiar with it. But Dean looked so happy; so happy, in fact, that it seemed like the time they had both been kicked out of a brothel years ago.
"Cas..." he hesitated for a moment, "I know."
"Tell me, baby," Dean's own eruption was coming fast, and he sped up, Castiel's inner thighs glowing red from overuse, "what did you do to the guy next door?"
Disappointed and bored with his last look at Dean, Crowley's figure simply disappeared into thin air, the midnight without the noisy visitors from Hell, silence and shadows as companions, clutching every traveller who wandered in the night. The man who remained in place did not leave immediately, he stared at the clock hanging on the wall behind the empty reception, the hour hand exactly pointed to three o'clock, and finally smiled silently and turned towards the room he had rented.
"Cas." He said, "Let me take care of you."
Then he paused and hesitated, "Or not, I don't really like how that feels."
Cocking his head at the odd satisfaction in his chest, Castiel lowered his head again, this time taking it a little deeper, swallowing Dean's cock as deep as he could until it rested against his throat. He tried to suppress the feeling of vomiting (a strange reaction he had never noticed in humans), and it was difficult for Castiel to move his tongue when his mouth was full, so he circled the base of Dean's cock for support and began to suck, mimicking what he had done with Dean during sex. With Dean's hand in his hair, he didn't force Castiel to do anything, but he would gently push or tug a little, showing the angel what was the proper speed. Castiel was a quick learner, and it didn't take long for him to master how to be at the frequency Dean liked, and he lifted his eyes, Dean was half-smiling contentedly, like a well-fed cat, making the purring sounds that only come from having his stomach scratched. He loved seeing Dean like this. The untimely feeling of jealousy swept over him again, he really didn't want anyone else to see this side of Dean, such thoughts didn't make sense, but he took it for granted that these gasps, these emotions should all belong to him, this was the man he was guarding. But he couldn't keep Dean any more than a man can catch a shooting star with a bug net.
He would find a way to feed Castiel, even if it meant he had to kill an angel or two on a regular basis, and those winged bastards had nothing else to offer anyway. They would only have each other to spend the rest of their lives together, and that rest would last until the next end of the world.
"The last time he was lying there half dead was because he needed the grace of an angel to charge him. Come on, you don't think any angels would voluntarily offer up their grace, do you? That stuff is not easy to get, and it took me a whole week to get my men to find a weak angel left on Earth. Even then, we had a lot of demons die to get this bottle of grace."
"Good evening, Cas." Dean's voice. Low and mellow, seemingly darker than ever, he finally dropped a kiss on Castiel's hair, "My sleeping beauty awake at last?"
Castiel was dumbfounded. He turned his head to stare at the side of Dean's face, the demon's lashes having a long projection shadow in the sunlight, and he blurted out, "I only want to remember what's important, too."
Castiel turned his head to look at Dean. The demon lying beside him looked even more beautiful than before, with a slight flush from the exertion of the sexual affair, his loose brown hair stuck to his forehead by sweat, and his pupils, dilated by desire, appeared deeper and deeper, shimmering ghostly. They were close together, the scent belonging to Dean wrapped reassuringly around Castiel's nostrils, and he almost drifted off to sleep quickly.
Dean was amazed at Castiel's unreserved trust, but he had nothing to complain about. Jimmy Novak's body was not thin, although it was obvious that Castiel had not taken care of him much during this time, and he was much lighter than Dean had thought. He hugged Castiel a little tighter, rubbed his nose on Castiel's neck, and took a deep breath. For some reason, Castiel always smelled faintly of pine trees, as if he had been, or had been, standing among the trees for a long time, letting the pine needles and morning dew fall on his body, washed by the rain, baked by the sun, but the angel just waited quietly, watching the squirrels poking around the roots of the trees. The smell soaked into the angel's grace and seeped out of this human shell. Dean reached up and stroked the angel's bare legs as he kept dropping mark-like kisses on Castiel, his hand moving up and inside his clothes-
The next day was a beautiful, sunny day. Castiel sat on the Impala, the sunlight bathing him all over, but he was so weak that his hands and feet still felt cold, and he shrank into a ball and shivered, trying to wrap himself tightly in his trench coat.
The demon kissed his collarbone, "Looks like you still prefer my dick?"
Judging by the way the demon winked at him, he must have been hinting at something to Castiel, but Castiel was confused. Dean's expression collapsed as he lazily rolled his eyes and tasted Castiel's leftover sandwich himself. He bristled and changed the subject, "Is that how you survived on sandwiches for months?"
"It's me, Cas." The man behind him answered him, "Don't worry, you're safe."
"I love you." He spoke, uttering the secret he had sworn to take to his grave.
The grip on his hand relaxed a bit as Castiel built up the strength to turn his head sideways, "How do you ...... oh, Dean."
Castiel smiled, "You can say that now."
And what he felt now was nothing less than the day he saved Dean. Dean, clearly a master at sex, twirled his fingers, his wet index finger feeling around in his gut as if searching for something. Castiel felt him stroking from side to side, finally pushing to a certain spot, and that spot - Castiel was almost reflexively about to jump, a sobbing sound squeezing from between his throats -
"Nothing, I just wanted..." Castiel paused, " To call your name."
But for the moment Dean was enjoying himself. He pressed his lips to Castiel's stomach, gradually moving them upwards and eventually, slowly, slowly, to Castiel's chest. Despite the fact that Nephilim was not required to nurse, somehow Castiel's body still automatically modified the physiology of the male vessel, and at five or six months after each pregnancy, his chest would be fuller than before, and softer to the touch than the pure muscle of the chest. Dean skilfully peeled away the robe that was in the way and covered Castiel's nipple with his lips, taking it in his teeth and squeezing it gently while covering the angel's sheer, quite soft breast flesh with his palm and pushing it towards the centre, content to enjoy Castiel's gasp. Angel touched him lightly with his knee, signalling him not to pressure the child, and Dean moved a little sideways, squeezing himself between the back of the couch and Castiel, the sucking motion on his mouth not stopping. His other hand hollowly soothed up the other side, his fingertips kneading the tips of his swollen breasts, and he had to admit that he rather enjoyed being able to sink his palms into the angel's breasts. Perhaps that was why he yearned so much for the time after each Castiel conception.
He was complete. No matter how much Crowley boasted, the truth was: Dean had no interest whatsoever in any Hell, or anything to do with world conquest. He had all he wanted, and now his dark-haired angel was pressing against him, seeing nothing but the longing in his eyes, and Dean believed that was what the other man saw in his own.
"Are you used to talking about other people when you're in bed with someone?" He asked teasingly in return.
"Open your mouth, baby." The demon said with a smile. As if Castiel's feeble resistance amused him even more, Dean poked him in the mouth with the side of the sandwich, "Say 'ahhh-', don't be shy."
He practically leaned over Castiel and began kissing Castiel's face again like a large dog, licking the bread crumbs from the corners of Castiel's mouth, kissing along the curve of his jaw to his neck, and kissing the collarbone that showed under the loose bathrobe. You really should dress like this more often, Cas, he said vaguely, running his other hand under the robe.Don't always dress so rigidly, I like you looking like this now.
