The little pup clung to Sherlock's shirt, each "
husband still gets to be the first one to introduce us as a married couple to all our guests... although I will have to warn my husband that he'll be waiting quite some time for our first dance."
. "Would you like to go and ask her now?"
do I look? I certainly feel it," he murmured, lapping submissively at his mate's scent gland, trying to taste his mood.
Sherlock blinked, his daughter's green eyes fixed on her mother with absolute seriousness. "And why would you like to be a dolphin?" he ventured. Having several years of parenting under his belt, the detective had become practiced at stifling the urge to correct his children's more fanciful ideas.
you want to tell first? And how shall we reveal my bump?" he asked, climbing into Sherlock's lap and nuzzling his chest.
A while later he came back through and handed Sherlock a mug as he put the phone down. "All sorted? We should probably call the tailor, although that does mean he will essentially be the first person we tell if we tell him now... Could it wait until after we've announced I'm carrying?"
. He took the toy from the rim of the tub, and placed it in the water next to John, the sturdy suction cup at the flared base keeping it upright on the seat.
Barely half an hour later the couple's private car was pulling up outside their home. John mewled vaguely and nuzzled closer to Sherlock. "Nest," he mumbled happily, "home." The soothing blankness of subspace had receded just a little, enough for him to form a few simple words, but he still felt the pull of his mate, the need to be as close to his side as possible. Being at the club and performing so well had earned him so much praise it made him feel giddy, and his inner Omega hoped there was more praise to be had. He waddled behind Sherlock as his Alpha led him back into the house, still purring in satisfaction at having pleased his mate so well.
John's scent was intoxicating, overwhelming, and the Omega rubbing himself submissively against him - mewling and moaning for his cock, his round belly pressing forward, his pretty, pert breasts leaking steady streams of milk - was enough to send the last vapours of Sherlock's conscious mind out the window. The Omega that was now trying to squeeze himself in the Alpha's lap despite the size of his round stomach was his, the pups he was so swollen and heavy with were his; John's scent, thick and heady, pleaded with the Alpha to fuck him, knot him, protect him. "My Omega," the Alpha rumbled, "So pretty like this, swollen and heavy because I ordered it. Every part of you so eager to submit." Running his hands over John's pregnant form while the Omega squirmed and whined, he grinned darkly in approval. "So big with my pups, and only going to get bigger. But you're too full for me to take you like this, cockslut." He picked the whimpering, needy man up from his lap and laid him back, spreading his slick thighs wide. The Omega thrust his hole needily up at him, and the Alpha growled; John was trembling, pliant, desperate to be knotted, and he could not deny such a request from his mate - he needed to take care of him, take care of their pups. The Alpha wasted no more time in pushing his enormous, leaking cock inside the Omega's tight heat, already feeling the beginnings of a small knot forming in response to John's scent.
"Nora hit her head yesterday," Lucy affirmed smartly.
John whined softly, kissing his Alpha's lips tenderly, nuzzling him, seeking assurances that Sherlock knew he was forgiven, that John knew his begging and dropping eggs had been too overwhelming for his mate, that the Omega did not blame him for what he'd done.
He was panting heavily, his words dissolving into moans as pleasure clouded his mind. Suddenly he arched his back and came hard, crying out as a skilful flick of the tongue from his mate sent him spilling into John's mouth.
As the Alpha relaxed, a smile slowly spread across Sherlock's face again, but quickly turned into an open-mouthed groan as he felt the Omega's hand on his cock. He growled as John presented himself, adjusting his own position and placing his hands on John's hips; he guided John down onto his cock even as he slowly pressed up and in, moaning and growling as he entered the Omega, "F-fuck, John, so tight..."
with the need to come, but unable to do so without permission. He was sobbing for it, mewling plaintively even as Sherlock's huge cock continued to spurt inside him, sending his desperation through the bond;
Sherlock ate well, surprising himself as he found himself asking his mate for a second helping of potatoes; it shouldn't have been shocking, really, considering their morning activities, but all the same the Alpha felt himself blush a little as he caught his brother's curious glance, the other Alpha trying desperately to turn the tide of the conversation with Mrs Hudson. Sherlock hardly ate any extra even after the exertion of a particularly strenuous case, but with John the way he was, it was difficult
"Shhhh," Sherlock soothed, undoing his belt and fly as he moved closer and dropped to his knees by his Omega's side. He considered rolling his mate over onto his back, wanting a better view of John's belly and tits, but decided to wait; his Omega gained more pleasure from the pumps on all fours. Mounting John languidly, he attached a pump to each breast as he slowly pushed his cock inside his mate's ready hole. "Better?" he breathed, suckling on the bond bite on John's neck as he began to thrust, "You're always so pretty when you beg."
, John." He pulled the Omega into a strong embrace, kissing him soundly. "I'm so lucky to have such a clever, thoughtful mate. Such a talented Omega," he purred, pressing their lips together once more. "No one in the world has a better mate than I do."
do this, for you, if it's what you want."
the pack leader praised through his affections,
" he whined, "please, it's okay, nobody's touched me..." He let out a low moan as Sherlock's huge cock found his prostate, the extra stimulation finally triggering his wetness.
Mycroft took the invitation, moving closer to inspect the mark even as Sherlock positively snarled at the other Alpha's approach. The crescent shape of the bite was coloured in rich shades of red, the areas where Sherlock's teeth had broken the surface a dark wine colour. The hues spread out from the immediate area of the bite, and obviously ran deep underneath the flesh, as well - it was the kind of mark only made by the most compatible pair, strong and unfading. Mycroft's eyes snapped up to meet Sherlock's glare, and the look he gave him was almost one of acknowledgement. "I have never seen one like it," he admitted, his face twisted as if he'd just ate something bitter.
"No," Sherlock answered with an amiable grin, unphased by their difference of opinion. He tilted his head back at his mate's attentions, "Mmm... because we were made for each other, a perfect match. It is as you said - we complete one another. It is more than just biology - though that plays an important role," he rumbled, "We are physically attracted to each other now more than ever as a bonded pair, and especially so because you are carrying - and because of how many you are carrying." The Alpha groaned a little as his mate suckled, his hands drifting to the small of his Omega's back and pressing the man closer.
Sherlock nodded, unsurprised at John's simple choices. "To be honest, I am not very fond of 'Andrew,' but as a middle name, I mind it less. Victoria would be lovely," he hummed. "As for my own suggestions: Elspeth, Ada, Sibyl, and Sophia are names I'm quite fond of. And truthfully, I do not think Audrey is an awful middle name," he added with a smile.
John had reached his limit, he was too exhausted from the effort of restraining himself to move further, so he stopped and looked up at Sherlock, concentrating very hard on making his scent as sweet, submissive and enticing as possible. He wanted to see Sherlock snap, lose control, fuck him roughly, claim him... "This isn't because of my heat," he murmured softly. "Do you really want to breed me? Fill me with your babies until I'm round and swollen with them?"
.' Hesitating, he remembered that his knot would never swell so much as to hurt John; as soon as John signalled pain or alarm, the Alpha's knot would deflate instantaneously. He moaned softly, taking his thrusts slowly deeper.
Sherlock was on his feet the instant John rolled off and was behind him, and had Anderson pinned against the wall the very next, one hand expertly pinning both of Anderson's, the other closed over his throat as he snarled with rage. He could smell John's distress, and the hand closed tighter despite the other Alpha's obvious whimpering and thrashing. "THAT'S ENOUGH!" the DI cried, leaping up from behind his desk and hurrying to insert himself between them. Donovan was standing in dumbstruck shock as Anderson began turning a peculiar shade of blue. "Sherlock,
" echoing behind the love and reverence. Through their bond, he could feel John's love for him, his mate's feelings settling warm and reassuring in his chest, pushing out the ache of sadness and helping him relax. John's body, the feeling of being buried safely inside his mate, also worked to stabilize the Alpha. He became more eager, but not
"Quite right," Mycroft smiled, inclining his head as a mark of respect, allowing Lestrade the attention and adoration of the pack for doing so well; there was no need for Alpha posturing here. Instead, he reached into the bag again, drawing out a much smaller box; he had anticipated that Remington might have adjusted most easily to his newfound freedom, and want security without all the connotations of a collar, so had got him a leather bracelet, a miniature collar he could wear on his wrist. It would still remind him that he was cared for, it would still tell others that he had a pack, but it would not be quite so obvious. "I wonder if you might prefer this," Mycroft said gently, handing his half-brother the box. "Of course you are welcome to keep that one too, if it might bring you comfort at times."
, he thought, as it ached to get out, and worked to turn his full focus back to his heart, where the signals of love pulsed strongly back from his mate. He sent back assurances of his own; years of practice and self-control hadn't been for naught, and now that he had John, his resolve was stronger than ever. Outwardly, he began to unbutton his shirt as slowly as possible, still circling, looking over Jim without speaking, making the Omega on the floor whimper and writhe in anticipation. Inwardly, the warmth of his family and his partner's commitment gave him strength, kept him controlled and centred. He bared his teeth when Moriarty opened his mouth to speak, "Ah-ah," he warned with a smirk, "All in my own time." He willed Lestrade to hurry.
We didn't think anything else of it as we explored the castle and moved up the various floors, looking at the stained glass windows and listening to the history of the building, seeing the dovecote and examining the tapestry. We walked out onto the roof level and we could see for miles and we saw the machicolations which I couldn't stand too near because it made the back of my thighs feel funny. As we were walking something caught my co-author's eye and it turned out to be a nametag, obviously one which had fallen off a child from a school group - it was one of those big white rectangular stickers with a name written on it in felt-tip pen.
A pained, delirious moan escaped from John as he began to stroke himself, sweating with the effort of not coming, his cock pulsing and ready for release as his hole grew slicker and began to ripple around Sherlock's cock.
Sherlock growled as the playmate let out a soft, needy whine, another lush wave of heat hormones sending the detective's blood rushing straight to his cock. He had forgotten the experience of being near an Omega in this state, how it seemed to erase almost every other thought or emotion other than pure desire and a primal need to claim and impregnate. Even his bones felt hot inside him.
John sat up on the sofa and pulled Sherlock across his lap, cradling him, tangling his fingers in the dark curls to help support his head. "Do you want a little feed?" John murmured, still petting and rocking the distressed Alpha to calm him. "You can finish milking me with the pumps, but this always makes you feel calm... Go ahead love, have a nice suckle, and I'll hold you just like this until you're done and we can go to bed - our bed, not the nest. We need somewhere free of scents tonight, we'll sleep in the bed we'll sleep in once the pups are born. Our permanent bed."
?" Donovan cried incredulously. "I always knew one of these days you wouldn't be able to control yourself and would take advantage," Anderson sneered. Sherlock's arms wrapped protectively around John, but he stiffened, the words unexpectedly cutting deep. Had they attacked his Omega, he would have known exactly what to do, but now he was frozen.
. The Alpha had a bit of a sweet tooth, when the mood took him. He was about to tease that if one of the donuts was missing from the box, he'd know who to blame - but he thought better of bringing Mycroft into the conversation. Today was for John, and to celebrate their union as well as re-strengthen their bond. The Alpha scooped up two pups for himself after sending off the text containing the morning's menu. He watched in amusement as Adam and Miles seemed to reach for one another, the brothers finally settling with a huff when Sherlock brought them close enough for their feet to touch.
"For a genius you're a total idiot," John said thickly, burying his face further into Sherlock's neck. "How could you think I didn't want you? Why else would I have agreed to put myself in situations where it was possible I'd go into heat with only you there to help me through it? Why else would I stay, knowing no other Alpha would court me while I was covered in your scent?" He took a deep breath. "I'll be honest Sherlock, it - it still hurts that you would never have tried to claim me. I'm unbelievably glad we're bonded and married and I'm carrying your pups, I'm thrilled we have this now, but... It's just wounded Omega pride I guess, I can see why you didn't think you could risk it. I'll get over it eventually." He pressed a soft kiss to his mate's neck, placing his hand on top of Sherlock's on his belly.
John grunted and huffed, moaning plaintively as the pup began to emerge. Even with the lubrication it was slower now; his muscles were growing fatigued, and for the first time he found himself really having to work hard to push the baby out. He let out a keening sigh as a concentrated effort finally delivered the head, groaning and lowing through the next few minutes, the sounds entirely animalistic as he focussed on his contractions, crying out quietly as he felt the shoulders slip free. With another two hard pushes, the baby finally slid into Sherlock's hands and John moaned in relief, his eyes fluttering closed as he tried to catch his breath. He turned and sat against the headboard, too tired to move much, only opening his eyes blearily when he felt his mate push the pup to his breast. He cradled it and blinked down at it, purring so quietly it was almost inaudible as the little boy opened his tiny mouth and suckled needily. He smiled when he saw sandy curls peeking out from under the navy hat his mate had placed on him and ran his fingers across the tag -
claim me and it was perfect,
oh fucking god... filling me so completely, can't get enough... oh
His smile grew as he remembered. Eleanor snuffled and he paused his petting to pick her up, tucking her in the crook of his arm. She immediately settled, snuggling against the Alpha's hot skin.
he pressed, encouraging the Omega to divest himself of his garments. Sometimes he wondered why John bothered with such trivial things as clothes these days.
John squeaked softly when Sherlock increased the pace of the pumps, the bottles hanging low with the weight of the milk in them, rapidly approaching full capacity. Feeling his Alpha's hands on his hips as he was mounted and milked nearly pushed him over the edge but he held back obediently, crying out quietly in his pleasure as the force of Sherlock's thrusts made the bottles clack together in the rhythm. As soon as Sherlock gave him permission he came so hard his vision went white, an impressive amount of come for an Omega soaking the curve of his belly and the blankets beneath them. "Ohhhh, fuck, Sir! So good, feels so incredible, oh god..." he all but screamed, twitching as he felt his orgasm through his whole body, utterly Omega. He squeezed his walls around Sherlock, trying to give his Alpha as much pleasure as possible, moaning as his mate's huge cock sent further spasms of ecstasy though him.
and that his Alpha had clearly gone to such great lengths, just so Christmas would be special for their pups - and for
John boldly leant forward and latched on to the servant’s other breast, smoothing his hands down the swell of the other Omega’s belly to feel how the pups moved in response while he suckled. It felt strange to John, drinking from another Omega like this, with pups squirming under his palms; he had never felt a hardened, plump, leaking nipple against his tongue, or nuzzled into a full, rounded breast, but the sensations were both soothing and arousing and he moaned happily as he continued to suckle. The servant’s milk was thinner than his own but still rich and creamy; the pups stirred lazily beneath John’s hands as he drank his fill, grunting and making soft noises.
The servant was panting, each touch of John's sending pleasure blooming richly through him, making him need even more. Both their cocks ached and leaked nearly as much as their ample breasts, the small lengths erect and pressing firmly against the low curves of their middles, their respective sizes putting self-gratification beyond the reach of either of their roaming hands. Their bellies heaved and rolled, their vast sides rising and falling with each breathy grunt and groan, their pups seeming to strain towards one another.
Sherlock went positively grey where he stood in the sitting room. "They... they can't come..." He ran his fingers frantically through his curls, rapidly pacing the length between a chair and couch. "They can't
Sherlock purred as he eased himself down onto the soft blankets, the Alpha kneeling between his mate's spread legs with a hungry gleam in his eyes. His mouth was the first to touch the warm skin as he kissed the top of the ripe swell, his hands following to cup the fullness of John's girth. "You're so big," he groaned, feeling the triplets begin to tumble and kick further at his touch. He hushed them soothingly, beginning to rub in large circles over the stretched skin. "Shhh, Daddy's here... Be good to your mother, little ones - it's quite a lot of effort for him to carry you. But whatever you do, don't stop growing big and strong." He smirked, meeting his Omega's eyes, "The bigger you are, the sexier your mother gets, after all..."
John hummed in vague agreement, the first sign that he was starting to emerge from his deeply submissive state. The hand on his belly told him that his Alpha was satisfied with him, and he was still delirious with bliss, but if his mate was fully satisfied then his submission was no longer needed.
At the crime scene, Sherlock staggered, the strong rush of pure terror nearly sending him stumbling head-first into the body. "
so many of them have said their first word on the same day!" Molly exclaimed, pressing affectionate kisses to a slightly unimpressed Arthur. "Are you going to speak today too, hmm?" The pup blinked at her and shook his rattle.
John had barely been gone thirty seconds when a tall, dark Alpha walked past the table and did a double-take. "Sherlock? Sherlock Holmes? It IS you! How are you, buddy? Haven't seen you in years!" Sebastian Wilkes said, offering him an insincere grin.
The following day John was standing at the checkouts in Boots, clutching the double breast pump he'd selected. It was top-of-the range, with large collection bottles and a remote to change the speed settings which had pleased Sherlock no end. He smiled politely at the checkout girl's obvious confusion (why had he waited until he was clearly about to pop to buy one?) and didn't bother telling her he wasn't even two months gone yet. He took the bag and stuffed his card back in his pocket, going to find Sherlock who was examining baby clothes. "I've got it," he whispered lasciviously. "Want to go home and test it?"
in a way he couldn't explain. "Have you always had a belly kink, or is it just because I'm full of your babies?" he wondered out loud, happily placing his hands on top of Sherlock's. Usually an Omega wouldn't feel the babies move until week twelve or so, but with so many in him stretching him out John thought he might be able to feel it sooner. He couldn't wait to let Sherlock stroke and nuzzle his belly while the babies moved, he thought, and he was almost as excited for the smaller surprise he had planned for that day.
" he breathed, no other word coming close to describing the sensation.
"That's just the thing... if they find anything, there's really nothing we could do to change it. It'd just mean we had longer to prepare, but with this many... we'd need as much time as we could get. I don't like the risks either... and if they're all fine and we're part of the unlucky few who... well. You're right, we do have a strong bond... I don't think my body would have accepted this many if any of them were... abnormal. But it would still be nice to have that confirmed. And we could detect their secondary genders as well... we won't know which is which without taking samples from each of them, but we'll know how many Alphas, Betas and Omegas we're having," John said softly. "But if you truly don't want me to have it, I won't. I won't make you do things that go against your instincts if I can help it." He licked his Alpha's cheek affectionately, his eyes large and questioning.
"Fuck, yes, she's -
"I've been meaning to ask you something," he began nervously.
"Mummy," Sherlock whispered brokenly, repeating the name over and over at intervals. He nodded against Beatrice's chest. "Never," he hiccupped at her honest words, "no more. We'll always be together now. I'm sorry, Mummy... I'm sorry... I've been so terrible.. I've let you down..." He'd left her alone and hadn't come back. He'd ruined his life for years with drugs. He had been a terrible son, and yet the portraits drawn during the long years of his neglect were just as lovingly rendered as his baby pictures. "I don't deserve for you to love me…"
, he encouraged,
"I'm not sure how large of a garden we can find near central London, as well. A suburb seems ideal - we'll likely be able to find a larger place at a smaller cost. A big kitchen is a must, of course - however, we can do with as few as seven or eight bedrooms if they share two to a room. Though we'll need a large room to function as a nursery their first year or so - God forbid we have thirteen babies in seven separate rooms," Sherlock mused with a shake of his head.
. He knew it sounded weak, but it was true. He blushed, and dropped his eyes.
, their bond surrounding him in their blanket fort nest, looking up at his Alpha and he began stroking his bump without being aware of it. His bellybutton had yet to invert, though he knew it would soon, and he grinned wickedly as an idea came to him. He already felt the urge to spread his legs for his Alpha, to be mounted and knotted to complete the nest building, secure and domestic, but had one more thing he wanted to do for Sherlock first. He wasn't sure how well he'd like it, but thought he'd try it and see; this sort of thing was apparently very stimulating for Alphas. "Close your eyes... I've got a surprise for you. No peeking," he said sternly, waiting until his mate's back was turned before reaching for the bag he'd hidden under the mattress. He took out the forest green babydoll lingerie he'd bought, split up the stomach to accommodate a pregnancy, and slipped it on, wriggling into the matching Omega panties, cut to accentuate his curvier hips. His protruding navel was now perfectly framed by the sheer fabric, his breasts pushed up and displayed proudly, his small cock cradled perfectly by the all but see through lace. He stood on the mattress, hands cupping his bump, and inhaled a nervous breath. "Alright, Sherlock... You can open your eyes," he breathed, biting his lip.
"Always," Sherlock murmured, his eyes widening in surprise as John moved towards him eagerly instead of fleeing to the bedroom, "John, you know how good I am at hiding things... but I... I have always wanted you. But I won't take you if this is... just because of your heat..." he groaned, bowing his head and forcing himself to look away, "I will not allow that to happen..."
Sherlock crooned happily at his mate, paying more attention to the nub of John's belly button. He slipped a finger through the opening of the Omega's shirt, between two of his buttons, and began rubbing the sensitive mound directly, hushing John's small whimper. "Such a good Omega, so desperate to be touched," he murmured sweetly, so that only his mate could hear, kissing John's scent gland, "So needy. Nobody will think anything of us here like this - an Omega clinging and whimpering to his affectionate Alpha. But you'd do anything for me, wouldn't you?" He increased the pressure on John's navel, beginning to rub in faster circles.
For a moment, Sherlock wondered where his breath went. He gave a kind of strangled whine at the image, John's fingers trailing along his crotch doing nothing to suppress his growing erection. The Alpha eagerly followed his Omega inside, watching John strip with awed, hungry eyes. At the invitation, his fingers quickly began to unbutton his own shirt, discarding his clothing in no time. He took John's hand in his own and led him towards the shower, running the water himself to make sure it was the right temperature before helping the pregnant Omega inside. He pulled the shower curtain shut with more patience, gently pressing himself up behind his mate, cupping John's belly first and running his hands over the wet swell. The Alpha purred deep in his throat, his breath hot against his mate's neck, suckling at John's scent gland as the warm water soaked their hair and dripped down their bodies. "Mine," he rumbled, cupping the full breasts, feeling the weight of the twin globes in his hands as he circled the dusky nipples with his thumbs. His erection pressed against the Omega's entrance, and he eased himself inside, simultaneously sending twin jets of milk spraying against the shower wall.
he watched as one of the boys let out the tiniest of coos and nuzzled his head against his leg,
Something in John's scent bloomed and deepened at the reassurance, the notes heralding labour growing a little stronger. Anyone who scented him would know that he would be whelping in a matter of days.
And now for the game!
The Beta handed the key over to Sherlock, who dismissed her with a small nod of his head. The Omega servant remained obediently by the door, his posture obviously inhibited by the enormous mass of his belly, which warped occasionally when one of the pups kicked. The collar around his milky neck was tall and ornate, lacy patterns cut into the soft leather, and a golden tag which bore only the Pendleton's insignia on the front, the Omega's name on the back kept discretely from view. If an Alpha did not want to know it, he did not have to see it.
The little Alpha squeaked unhappily and burrowed into her grandmother's warmth "
Sherlock hummed, his long fingers circling the bulges where his offspring pressed towards him. His mate was perfect, and their pups were strong and healthy. Kissing along John's neck, Sherlock let his nose linger over the dark, purple-hued bite once more. A sweet ripeness had blanketed the usual scent of John's pregnancy. The detective inhaled again, a deeper growl vibrating in his throat. "Mine," he whispered. The scent compelled him to bring his mate somewhere safe to whelp, and as his knot began to fade, his thoughts turned to their home.
John purred happily as Sherlock claimed him, agreeing with a soft whimper of "yours" every time. The more Sherlock's warm hands smoothed over him firmly, the more his mate kissed and suckled at him, the more his Omega glowed, the more his pleasure built; not hot and needy, but sweetly, like a crystalline golden cloud, gossamer cobweb stands wrapping around both of them and encapsulating them in love and light. As his Alpha knotted him the cloud shattered around him and dissolved like a fizzing firework, glitter hanging in the air as he pulsed with a dry orgasm, pure ecstasy made physical. He gripped Sherlock's cock tightly, his body milking it to give the Alpha pleasure. "Yours Sherlock, all yours. Your bondmate, your
Sherlock's hands travelled down to his mate's belly as the other doctor spoke, beginning to rub soothing circles over the bulging mound. Now that he had ascertained this Anderson would not be a threat, he allowed himself to relax and touch, comforting his mate through the doctor's prognosis. At the dissuasion from a natural birth, the Alpha sat down beside his mate, embracing him from behind. "We would, as long as the pups remain healthy, strongly prefer a natural birth. I believe my mate's instincts are correct," he said over John's shoulder, speaking for his Omega, understanding John's feelings purely through their bond, "in that he has such a strong bond with the pups already that the pregnancy and birth will be relatively uncomplicated. However, we will take into consideration having a private doctor on hand. The concept of birthing alternatively to our original plans is currently distressing my Omega, so we will need to discuss our options between ourselves before getting back to you. I believe that the final decision will still be the same, however - natural birth, with or without an outside presence yet to be determined."
"Oh..," Sherlock said, watching John's enormous womb shift constantly as the babies moved; it would only look stranger as the pregnancy progressed further and their children grew, morphing the shape of John's belly at all hours with their kicking and tumbling. Sherlock ignored his hardening cock, his free arm wrapping around what used to be John's waist as the pregnant animal in his lap fawned at his chest. That was all John would be soon. A pregnant animal. Leaving Sherlock alone and conscious on the outside to tend and care for his every need. The Alpha clenched his teeth for a moment and swallowed. "Thank you," he said quietly into the phone, "I'll let you know if I have any further questions... and update you on ... John's birth plan, when he so decides..." He ended the call.
..." He looked around the room, which was as dark as any theatre, the only lights the ones on the stage. "I can't wait any more," he mewled desperately, keeping his voice low. He reached under his lapel and tugged at the zip concealed there, just the one closest to Sherlock for the moment. "I need it,
"From here on out, until we leave this club, you are
he commanded,
A few slices of Battenberg and fruit cake followed, washed down with a chocolate milkshake; next came the cheese fondue, with bite sized pieces of roasted chicken and pork, miniature balls of artisanal sourdough and wholemeal bread, and delicately cut small roast potato cubes to dip into the bubbling cauldron. The temperature was carefully regulated by the self-stirring pot and ceramic fondue stand to ensure that it was always the optimum temperature and the Omega would not burn his mouth; John ate greedily off the fork, willingly stuffing himself with as much as his mate wanted to give him.
, John sent back sensually,
Mycroft quietly picked up another pup, trying to cover himself in his nieces and nephews to calm himself down. The memory of having to hold his brother back from rescuing their mother was an intensely painful one, and not one he cared to revisit with any regularity; he had simply increased his sword-fighting lessons after that incident, determined that when the chance arose he would not waste it. The pups on his chest snuggled in to him, soothed by his scent; they were already beginning to recognise him as the pack leader, and being close to him meant being safe. John continued to watch in silence, glad that Sherlock seemed to be calming down; Remington was still clinging to Catherine, but didn't look like he was going to cry. They had all been free of Siger for nearly a whole year, and it had done them a world of good.
Too soon the club Omega drew back, aware that John was close to coming. He lumbered heavily up the bed on his hands and knees to lay beside the doctor, the two Omegas facing each other and able to reach out to touch their bellies where they pressed heavily together. The pups inside them stretched and kicked, as if greeting one another, and John purred at the sensation, leaning in to press a heated, filthy kiss to the servant's lips. The scene was straight out of Omega-on-Omega porn; two ripe, well-bred Omegas, kissing and caressing on a bed, exploring each others’ curves and obviously aroused at their indulgence.
Sherlock sniffled and sobbed, keened and wailed, saying anything he could think of to stay by John's side.
When he had drained the servant’s breasts just enough to alleviate his discomfort John leaned up and kissed him with milk-wet lips, allowing the other man to taste his own milk. John's cock was standing at attention and throbbing needily, and when he sneakily dropped his hand to the lowest curve of the servant's belly he felt the other man's erection pressing against the back of his hand. He began to stroke it firmly while the other man lowered his head and suckled hungrily from his breasts, lightly teasing the servant's shaft in time with the rhythm of his mouth. The servant gasped and reached out to return the favour, struggling to reach John’s cock with their bellies pressed tightly together as they indulged in their pleasure.
Sherlock smirked.
the Alpha declared with a delighted smile as he observed his mate's reaction.
- you made me your little bitch, didn't you? Mounted me, forced your huge cock inside me, fucked me until you flooded me with your seed and made me carry your pups..." John moaned breathily, rocking with his mate as he felt the knot expand, throwing his head back and groaning low with pleasure. "Fuck, Sherlock - you bred me so well... by Christmas our pups won't even be six months old and I'll already look full term with your next litter... my strong Alpha, sired
"We really should be leaving anyway - we need to pick Caroline up from nursery. Thank you so much for having us, I - I had a lovely afternoon," he said honestly, giving them both a genuine smile.
"I love you, too, John." Sherlock cupped the bump lovingly but carefully, as if trying to sense his children's movements already. "I can't wait either," he murmured, "I want to feel my pups kicking and rolling inside of you. Though you won't be so perfectly round anymore when they grow further and start shifting." He smoothed his hand over the stretchmarked skin, contemplating, before reaching one hand out of the covers to pat around on the nightstand, his fingers finally closing around the bottle of lotion. He brought the cream back under the covers with them, cracking open the cap and smoothing the cool lotion over his mate's belly.
“I fucking love it," John growled, closing his eyes and arching his back. Having his mate filling him like this made him feel utterly secure, His Alpha's short thrusts were just deep enough to rub over his prostate and, already sensitive from birthing, it wasn't long before the Omega was gasping and shuddering through his orgasm. "Mmm, god, yeah, that's it... ohhhhh, fuck,
"I would never submit over a mere scratch," Siger growled. "You will pay for your insolence!" He launched himself at his son with a roar and they were entangled again, blades flying, exertion beginning to show. The fight quickly grew bloodier, Siger finally landing slashes to Mycroft's upper arm, tearing his shirt sleeve and drawing blood. The more they fought, the more possessed by rage the older Alpha seemed to become, as he was unable to best the upstart pup threatening his supremacy.
if they all go to university in this country," he breathed, doing the maths in his head. "And that's not including the cost of halls or food... But I'm not sorry I begged you to fill me with all of them," he breathed seductively. "It felt so
"Piss!!"
, Sherlock insisted over and over,
Sherlock had to stifle a hitch in his breath as soon as his brother picked up the phone. "Hello, brother dear," he managed smoothly, biting down on his hand directly after to stifle a moan as John's hands and mouth closed over his cock. Mycroft's response barely registered with him as he tried to keep his breathing steady, looking down his long, pale body at the gravid Omega sucking him off between his spread legs. "My Omega-
, Sherlock? You want to know how I taste... you know you do. You want to know what it
. He was a genius... mad as a box of frogs, but a genius. I understand why you wanted him. He - he played me some of your conversation from the pool." He took a deep breath, nuzzling his mate reassuringly at the distressed whine that escaped him. "He couldn't hear that you were playing for time. But I could. I know what you sound like when you're pleading or desperate or losing yourself to instinct, when you're in your Alpha, but he couldn't tell. He really thought you meant it. I almost felt sorry for him." He winced as a pup kicked violently before flipping over, head down towards the birthing canal. "Do you remember that time you crashed my date with Sarah? The one at the circus? She told me later she was thinking about asking to share my heats, but no Alpha would look at me while you were hanging around me like that. Even then you were leaving your markers on me... when we were by the tracks for that case and I found the graffiti wall, when you told me to shut my eyes and held my face and span me in circles... I thought you were going to crowd me up against the wall and claim he right there," he breathed, smiling at the memory. "It's funny how I always fantasised about you pushing me down, taking me, making me take your cock and filling me with your babies, and in the end you clung to your control for so long it nearly broke you. Could you scent that I'd dropped eggs for you? Did you know just from my smell that you'd breed me if you fucked me?"
"That's it, love, take me," John encouraged gently, rolling his head back to give his mate better access to his scent gland. He grasped his Alpha's wrist gently and moved it to his belly. "Touch us, Sherlock. Touch your family," he purred, rubbing his mate's hand over the swell, concerned Sherlock wasn't doing it on his own, was trying to pull away. "Please, Sherlock, touch us. Me. Your pups. Oh... they're moving," he gasped softly as Sherlock whimpered and cupped him greedily, as if he might be taken away. "They know Daddy's touch. They like it... mmm, that's it, ohh, yours," John moaned as his mate's thrusts sped up, claiming him more eagerly. "I love you, Sherlock, I love you. It's okay, love, it's okay... it wasn't so bad. Just a bit too full, that's all," he crooned, hoping to alleviate his mate's guilt, sighing in relief as Sherlock stroked over his belly reverently. He thought idly that it was lucky Mary hadn't stayed.
John stares at him, "Can't this wait till morning?"
As the song begins to fade out, Sherlock spins him one final time before turning him for the dip. The last move.
"Mm, I agree." He hesitates, "I also said that we had talked about marriage, and…" His voice falls away again, and he blinks but picks it up as if realising where he is, "And how we had discussed it a few times…" He stops, and his eyes linger on Johns face in the reflection, but it goes unnoticed by him.
"Mm."
He frowns, “What about Rosie, don’t you need to -”
can." Sherlock opens his mouth to reply, but John lifts a finger. "No. Shut up. It's 3 in the morning and I have to go to work in a few hours. Now if you'll excuse me, I have to go back to bed - which is what you should be doing, too."
"There's more, isn't there?"
John reaches for a clipping which has a picture of the woman surrounded by a crowd of year 13 students, “You said she wasn’t close to any of the teachers, right?” He passes it over to Sherlock, who’s eyes run over it. “What if one of her students did it? We’ve already ruled out all the staff and there’s no one else in the school who could have done it…”
He looks so worried, John realises, and he doesn’t even need to be. He leans up to kiss Sherlocks cheek, “Of course, yeah.”
That's it. Nothing more. Sherlock still hovers at the door, but when he knows for sure John's done with the conversation, he begins to slip out, until a thin brown package sticking out of his nightstand drawer catches his eye.
Sherlock narrows his eyes in thought, and there's a beat as it slowly processes in Johns mind. He snorts, "Seriously?"
Sherlock looks at him evenly. He knows he's crossing a line. He knows he should have walked out and left it alone. But he couldn't bloody help himself. He glances at the package, then holds Johns gaze, "They're scan pictures, aren't they?"
“Back there at the restaurant. It would’ve been free.”
John narrows his eyes, "Was insulting my commitment to Mary that difficult to do?"
Sherlock gently nudges him, “Ah, sentiment, right.”
“Really. I’ve also baby-proofed the flat.”
“So, you talked a lot about me?”
"Oh. Right."
Johns cheeks heat up but before he can get a word out, Sherlock’s speaking as he’s rushing to grab his coat, “Oh John, what would I do without you?”
"Yes, I...I said a few other nice things."
"Rosie doesn't have to grow up without a father, John."
it, alright?"
He doesn't see it, but Sherlocks face goes a light pink, "Yes, remind me not to go off script when you have your next marriage."
Johns hand goes to his side. He blinks up at Sherlock, who’s fiddling with the napkin and refusing to look his way, “Um...Sherlock, I….that’s, um….thank you, but….”
Knowing it's hopeless to try for the beer, John slumps down on the mattress with his eyes firmly on his flatmate. He has a wry smile and his shoulders raise in a defeated shrug, "Have you seen me lately? I'm not exactly what you would call 'dad of the year'."
. The only people there she’s close to.” A slow smile curls on Sherlocks face and his eyes seem to become brighter as he lowers the paper to look at John. John only looks back, beginning to smile himself, until in one swift move, Sherlock grabs his face and presses a gentle kiss to his forehead.
John forces a smile and leans forward in his chair, “I’m...staying here tonight.”
But Sherlock can't hear him. He's examining it, his eyes running over the familiar return address and feeling the light weight of its contents. Just as Sherlock's about to tip them into his palm, it's ripped from his fingers and John scowls at him, the package by his side.
Sherlock smiles shyly, "You could stay tonight." John lowers the phone to look at him, "The cabs don't run at this time, and it's a 30 minutes walk." He hesitates, "I should mention however, that when you moved out, I converted your room to another lab so you no longer have a bedroom."
He stops to wait for Johns reaction, and as he lowers his head to the carpet, deductions start flying at him. None of them are of John changing his mind.
As John tries to process the text, there's a soft knock at his front door, and he throws down both items to hurry it there before Mary wakes up. His heart is racing as he pulls it open to find, lo and behold, Sherlock in his Belstaf coat over his pyjamas. He looks like he hasn't slept either - whether he couldn't or didn't is not Johns issue right now. What is, is Sherlock being here. On his doorstep of all places.
"Sherlock, what're you doing here?!"
of them did. So obviously they hadn’t been present in the room at the time. But then when we saw the rest, including the principal, none of them had even
John puts a hand on his to stop him, “Look, I accept the offer, alright? I just need time to get through this, however long that takes.”
"Yes, that's the only option you have, John. Then you can be happy and you won't get your heart broken. Metaphorically speaking, of course."
is what you wanted to talk to me about? How long it would take for me to stop....feeling the way I do about you?"
The gears are turning in Johns head, and Sherlock can almost see them. Still, he doesn't push him to get the answer right away and just lets him figure this out on his own. Sherlocks body is more tense than ever and he can't stop tapping his fingers together. He knows John is completely okay with this, but that doesn't erase how terrified Sherlock feels right now, and for a quick moment, he wonders if John can sense his panic.
“Mycroft, he - he had to live with this when we were growing up. I would get high all the time.” He winces as the morphine kicks in, “He'd find me in a back alley somewhere, far from home, or a secret drug den I'd managed to find with some help from a few...dealers.”
He steps out, and quietly closes the door behind him. The streetlamps are their only source of light, and John almost wants to laugh at the irony. He shakes his head as his voice lowers to a whisper.
He doesn't even get a chance to finish.
John had been...different since he'd found out what Mary had done to Sherlock. It hadn't been just the drinking. His mood had changed drastically; exhausted mentally from trying to wrap his head around it all, emotionally from having to spend so much time away from Mary, and physically from the many bottles he had emptied over the nights. Sherlock was used to John drinking - he'd easily picked up on the problem from how he'd held a cup to his facial expressions when a neighbour had brought round a bottle of red wine as a housewarming gift on their first week at 221 - but he had never thought it would
He goes quiet then, and continues walking up and down the carpet while John tries and fails to keep himself awake. He watches his flatmate for a moment as his brain hurries to catch up with everything he’s just thrown at him, and he frowns, his hand now a fist at his cheek.
Sherlock slowly stops kissing him and bows his head in embarrassment as John stifles a giggle against Sherlocks curls. It’s like being caught by a parent. But John’s far over the moon to feel any sense of wrong-doing.
It’s not a question. John frowns as he places the lid back on the tray, “Yes?”
Sherlock looks up then, and there’s a flicker of hurt on his face, “....Oh…” He takes a breath, “It’s alright, I understand.”
"No. You're not leaving, Sherlock. You got me out of bed to see you. Whatever you have to say must be important."
try to ignore it, yes, but you can't
human reaction."
word I've just said?"
"What?"
Johns face softens, “You okay sharing mine?”
"What the
Sherlock gently draws away, but still keeps John at arms length, and his face is the most serious John thinks he's ever seen it, "No you wouldn't."
“Which bed will you be staying in?”
"As far as
Sherlock snaps a hand on the front of the violin, almost to shut his own thoughts off as looks directly at John, "What time is it?"
John scoffs at him, shaking his head, "No."
In an instant, Sherlocks eyes fill with tears, "I...I don't know." Because he really didn't. He had had no real reason to keep this from John. But it was still something he felt needed to stay secret. Not because it wasn't of any importance, but because it was something so personal of himself that simply sharing it to anyone, regardless, was a heart stopping experience.
Sherlock eyes drop to the blanket, “And who's not to say you'll leave now?”
Sherlock rests his fingers by his bottom lip, “I’m just trying to understand why you shot the cabbie.”
Sherlock takes it, but doesn't put it back on. He watches John smile at him before speaking,
He makes it to his bedroom door when a reply comes through,
John licks his lips and pulls Sherlock in for another kiss. It lasts for a little longer this time, and John has to grasp the bannister to stop his knees from giving out beneath him. Sherlock has a hand around his waist to keep him from falling, and Johns other hand is buried in Sherlocks hair. When they let go, they’re panting slightly, and without a word, Sherlock takes Johns hand and they almost race up the stairs to get into the flat. They’re at the landing when Sherlock turns to John, a slightly hesitant look on his features,
Sherlocks eyes crinkle, "Yes. A lot of what I wanted to say was too...personal, too…" He pauses, "Us."
Johns brows furrow, "My wedding day. Obviously." He laughs, "Why, what about you?"
A new voyage will fill your life with untold memories.
As they’re about to part, a door from below opens and Mrs. Hudson appears in a light purple nightie, “Oh, you’re back.”
He nods.
to, of course, um...to move back in to Baker Street.”
Because...John already knew all that, didn't he?
Sherlocks shoulders roll, "The text from Mary. It's not important."
“I’ll be right back.” They watch the waiter leave, and Sherlock doesn’t speak until he’s disappeared from view.
He's cut off when John starts laughing quietly in front of him.
Sherlock smiles, “I know.”
John looks him over for a moment, before nodding, "Okay." His phone buzzes in his pocket and he automatically reaches down to grab it, making Sherlock take a few steps back. He reads it and his shoulders slump, "It's Mary. She's wondering where I am." He types a reply back, but still keeps the phone at eye level, "It's pretty late. I should be getting back…"
"Why? It's true, isn't it?"
"What about it?"
John goes to knock again, but uncurls his hand at the last second and walks back down the hallway to the door, grabbing his sweater on the way.
“Oh. No, that didn’t matter.”
Sherlock smiles warmly, "Our first case."
Soon, soft notes float through the flat, and Sherlock stares out the window at the streetlamps.
It had spiralled very quickly into a vice. The more John thought about the memory stick, the more he drank. Sometimes Sherlock would come home to a passed out John in his armchair, sometimes a sniggering one on the floor. If it was really bad, he would hear John emptying it all in the bathroom and have to drag him to his own bed to sleep while Sherlock took the couch. But that was only rarely.
He holds it out, "Take it. You're freezing."
Sherlock doesn’t even look at him, not even registering that he’s there nor that he’s just woken him up. He pushes his chair back and stands to pace back and forth with his fingers against his lips.
“...Except for her
"Y-Yeah, I mean - who knows what the media would have done with that." Again, a weird sense of 'intruding' comes over him, but he squashes it down and keeps his gaze trained on Sherlocks curls.
“It said something about living long and prospering,” he recites. Sherlock raises a brow, but John reaches for his cookie and snaps it open, reading aloud before Sherlock can protest, “You already know the answer to the question lingering inside your head.” He looks up at him, “Alright, what is it?”
"Ah. And they were…"
Sherlock laughs, "Thank you. You are too."
Problem is, they haven’t been able to figure out
He gets a text at 3am while lying in bed with Mary.
Their hands unlink as Sherlock puts his on Johns shoulder blade, and Johns comes down to hold his waist. Sherlock carefully lowers him until their noses are almost touching, and they're both panting as the violin comes to a close; Sherlocks eyes search him as he waits for John to let go and step away, but nothing of the sort happens at all.
"...John - "
When he finally manages to get a hold on himself, he swallows thickly and threads his fingers together, “What about you?”
John had had to quit his job, and hardly came out on cases from the bleeding hangovers he'd had in the mornings. And while Sherlock didn't always need Johns input, he missed having him by his side, and Lestrade had caught him more than once speaking to thin air in great detail about a case he was working on. It was sad, really. The whole situation was. And all Sherlock wanted to do was talk to John. But his flatmate would just go up to his room and shut the door when he saw an impending conversation going on in Sherlocks head.
“We can help with Rosie. Mrs. Hudson already has her tonight. I’m here. Molly’s -”
They've done this dance many times. Practiced until their feet were sore and their faces were flushed with happiness. And though John has gone through the motions, knowing every beat by heart, somehow -
It’s a stew of some kind, poured over a serving of rice with peas in the corner, and a small pudding cup off to the side. Though it looks anything but appetizing, John hasn’t eaten in hours, and it shows as he begins to dig in. Sherlock leans back on the pillow and stares out the window, hands on his lap, and he doesn’t speak until John makes a move for the pudding, his eyes lingering on the tray when he sees it’s almost cleared.
"I know you can hear me." He pauses, but still Sherlock pays no attention to him whatsoever and he shakes his head as he inches into the room, "Look, Sherlock, I know you're not the most sociable person in the universe, but it couldn't have killed you to stay a bit longer…"
Upstairs.
The quiet stretches between them for what feels like ages. John watches as Sherlock drums his fingers against his knuckles, lowering his head then raising it as he thinks on how to get out….whatever he has to. His phone vibrates in his pocket, and he knows in an instant that it's from Mary.
In seconds, Sherlock's kissing back, and John giggles as his hand comes around to cup his cheek. They kiss and kiss and kiss and neither come up for air until Sherlock whispers his name, and John sighs softly in response. They rest their foreheads together, eyes closed as they just let themselves stay in the moment - the radio has switched to another song, and they may as well have parted now for bed, but they're too far gone in one another to move.
"You were saying?"
He throws the covers off and quietly pads out of the room, phone gripped tightly in his hand. Using the light to guide him, he makes his way to the kitchen to grab a glass from the cabinet, and crouches down to find the bottle of scotch in a small cupboard under the bench. After pouring himself one, he leans against the table and with the glass in his fingers, finally taps open the message:
"You don't really think you're going to be with Mary forever, do you?" John opens his mouth to speak, but Sherlock waves a hand, "The honeymoon phase is fleeting, John."
John smiles, and his face softens, "It's a shame you didn't keep that in."
When his phone beeps again, he dares a peek at the text, and his lips split into a grin as he reads it,
John glances at the street lamps. It's said. There. "Yes."
What...
John shakes his head before Sherlock can carry on, “No...No, you didn't deserve that. That was way out of line, Sherlock, I never should have laid a hand on you like that.” He stops, voice low. “You have no idea how guilty I felt after what I’d done. I regretted it as soon as I saw you on the floor.”
John licks his lips. He goes to reply, but he stops when Sherlock begins taking off his coat. All he has underneath is his blue dressing gown, but even then that's only made out of silk, "What're you doing?"
"The words you said about Mary."
Sighing, he glances at the clippings, and something seems to suddenly click in his mind. Raising his eyes back up to Sherlock, who’s still lost in his world, he takes his hand away, “Sherlock?”
John turns to face him, but he doesn’t answer right away. He’s strangely fixed on the light from the streetlamps are shining on Sherlocks curls, and how completely warm and soft his face is. It now just dawns on him of how they’d been behaving all night, and he smiles carefully at him, “Oh, um...it was no problem.”
John sighs. A wave of sudden fatigue breaks over him and he shakes his head, "Alright...yeah, I'll stay here tonight. Just...gotta tell Mary…" He deletes his response to put a new one, and presses send as Sherlock frowns.
There's nothing but silence from upstairs. He takes the stairs two at a time, his stomach tied in knots. Please, please, please…
Sherlock pushes the cookie away as he smiles halfheartedly at him, “Most people would.”
Despite having a tight grip on it, Sherlock easily takes it back and John glares at him, but he ignores it to spit bitterly at him, "You're not a bastard, John, but you're making quite a clear example of a drunk who hates himself."
“‘Cause it probably would’ve been uncooked like the first one.”
His thumb brushes Sherlocks bottom lip as he open his eyes and whispers something that makes Sherlocks heart plummet.
He stops at the landing and just listens.
John frowns, "Then you'll be cold."
Sherlock looks at him, confused, “...Really?”
John grins and waves the paper dangerously close to the candle, “Just tell me, Sherlock.”
She smiles at the both of them and sets the tray above Sherlocks stomach, her brows raised when she sees he’s already sitting upright. She lays down a knife and fork, then nods to them both and leaves - Sherlock waits for the click before lowering the morphine dosage and he grimaces as he pushes the tray away. “Hospital food. A curse if there ever was one.”
Johns ignores the red in his cheeks, "Why would that matter?"
Sherlock has an urgent need to take the bottle away from him, "You're right, I don't. But what you're doing isn't fair to anyone, John. You can't just sit back and let your daughter miss out on knowing who her dad is."
John glances at the sky, then spins back around, "Alright, let's talk." Sherlock blinks at him, his smile gone, and John offers a hand, "You're not going to leave until we talk about this, so come on. Talk."
John purses his lips, but does so and he’s not surprised to see Sherlock sitting up in bed. He hadn’t even heard him move.
Fortunately, it is when John speaks again, and his voice is muffled against Sherlocks chest, "When did you know?"
He glances from him to the paper, “It’s a piece of paper, John. Besides, everyone has questions in their head. It being given to me doesn’t automatically indicate that the fortune was specifically for me - “
"Sherlock?"
As he gets to the last shot, tears begin to well up in Sherlocks eyes and he hurriedly wipes his face before they stain his cheeks. He takes a shuddering breath, and John stirs beside him, turning over so he's facing him. To his surprise, Johns eyes slowly open to land on him, and he smiles softly at him,
"It...was a messy breakup. We were too similar, I think. You would've liked him."
It's a clear Saturday night, with the occasional laughter and voice heard outside from the usual passerby, and the street lights glow dimly against the window panes. It had been a hard day for both men as they had worked hours on a case that had seemed impossible to solve. Well, impossible if Sherlock hadn't been there - even so, it had taken a long while before he'd been able to figure out the killers motive, and when they were done, the clock had just ticked over to 5pm. After a quick takeout dinner, and seperate showers at seperate times to wash the day away, the duo had retired to their seperate armchairs to finally relax and go about their own activities in silence for the remainder of the evening, which entailed John reading a battered copy of "To Kill A Mockingbird" and what looked to be Sherlock quietly tuning his violin across from him, though John had come to know this meant he was going over something in his head.
She smiles and switches her attention to John, “So, Dr. Watson?”
Sherlock snorts, “‘Course not, John.” He pauses, and a strange look comes on his face, “Though, that would be helpful, wouldn’t it. No harm in getting free food all the time.”
"Jesus. Warn a guy next time." It's slurred, so yes, second one.
Sherlocks voice is soft, "John, listen to me. Whatever feelings you have for me, you cannot act on them, do you understand?"
A heavy silence falls on the room and John makes no attempt whatsoever at giving a response. They're essentially going in circles at this point, and both of them know it. He sips slowly at his drink, and Sherlock ruffles his hair in agitation as he finally moves away towards the door, fighting the want to knock the bottle from his hand, "There's some cold chinese downstairs if you want some."
In one second, John's pulled him into a warm hug. Sherlocks arms go around him and he squeezes him once, making John blink back his own tears. He speaks into his chest as Sherlocks cheek rests on the top of his head, "You're still the best human being I've ever known."
John had moved back to Baker Street as soon as he'd found out. He'd read the flash drive a week in, upstairs in his room in privacy while Sherlock was in his armchair reading a book, and when John had come down an hour later, they'd stared at eachother with him on the landing, and Sherlock had wordlessly watched him walk to the fire and toss the memory stick in. He'd stayed there until the wood had turned to ash and the flames had finally burnt out.
John softly knocks on the door, already feeling the happiness leak out of him, "Sherlock, I..." He pauses when he feels a crushing weight press on his chest and he runs a hand through his hair, "I have to go," he says finally. Despite himself, he waits. Maybe he'll come out to say goodbye. Hell, maybe he'll even slip a note under the door.
"Do you still keep in contact with him?"
Sherlock smirks, and John’s about to reply when the waiter comes back with a small plate and fork. He sets them down in front of John, and he nods a thanks before he leaves again. After giving him a large helping, he passes the plate and fork over and Sherlock slowly begins to dig in. John watches him this time - partly to make sure Sherlock actually does eat, and partly because he finds it funny how Sherlock got so embarrassed over the uncooked food.
Sherlock doesn't glance his way as he says, "If you wouldn't mind."
John smiles in disbelief, “No - Sherlock - Jesus, I knew about your drug problem from day one, remember? Obviously I wasn't aware of how bad it could get, but I've stuck around this long, haven't I?”
“And promise this…” He gestures to the tray then to the medicine bag, “Won’t happen again.”
Sherlocks cheeks go pink as a waiter approaches them, smiling at Johns hand, “Yes?”
It takes exactly 15 seconds for John to realise Sherlock's missing.
Sherlock smiles, “I don’t believe in fortunes, John. They’re just fictitious wordings on a piece of paper. Anyone could write one.”
"You'd get attached to him like I did, John."
As soon as her door shuts, Sherlock presses his lips to Johns, then when he draws back, John has to hide yet another burst of giggles at seeing Sherlocks usually pale face having turned a bright red.
John stands there, waiting, but when Sherlock makes no move to help, he shakes his head and goes about doing the task himself. Just as he's finished putting Sherlocks chair against the bookcase, he speaks up again with a suggestion to move anything else that he thinks will get in the way.
Johns mouth falls open, “....Sherlock….”
No sooner are the words out of his mouth, then Sherlock slowly blinks awake and he looks over at John. Mary gives him one final smile, then leaves.
Sherlock had seemed so cool the entire evening, and here he is all flustered over a dish not being up to its standard. John finds himself biting back a soft smile, and the two finish their dishes in silence, each making furtive glances at the other.
He doesn't need to be told who 'she' is. They've had this unspoken conversation every single day since John came back here.
John smirks and there's a comfortable silence between them as they just let themselves live in this moment for a bit. Johns phone doesn't go off and the front door doesn't shut, indicating Mrs. Hudsons return. They can give themselves permission to have something like this, even if it is to be short lived.
He looks at him sharply, "Well, it's better than what I grew up with, Sherlock. A drunk...bastard who hated both Harry and I." He bends down to grab at the bottle again and Sherlock sighs at the ceiling as he tilts it to his mouth for the last few drops.
, John. None of the teachers in the staff room did it, but we know
John swallows, "Sherlock..."
Sherlock sighs as he carefully sets the bag on the floor, making sure it doesn't rustle too much, then puts hands back in his pockets. He waits for the sound of another bottle being opened, cap this time so one from a box, before making his way up. His footsteps are purposefully quiet as he listens to John giggle and take sip after sip, and he stops at the landing. There's a soft light from the crack in Johns door, and he can see him sat on the edge of the bed in a shirt and boxers, bottle clutched in hand with his eyes on the carpet. He's not skulling this one. Nursing it. Maybe he does know Sherlock's home. Or maybe he's promised himself one more before crawling under the covers for the night. Sherlock bites his lip as he stretches out a hand to press on the door. He gently pushes it open, and John jumps, his eyes staring wildly at Sherlock as he walks through into the room. Even from this distance, he can see Johns eyes are wet.
Sherlock puts his hands in his pockets, "Alright." He hesitates, unsure whether or not John's going to snap, but decides to go on, "The wedding's next Saturday. Correct?"
“There has to be
"Why, so she can shoot me too?"
“Of course. Don’t want to starve, do I?”
Sherlock eyes him curiously, but doesn't say another word and John walks over to him as he voices a "got it" and spins a different dial so the volume increases. In one swift move, he turns and holds out a hand as a light piano begins filtering through the speakers and John smiles, letting Sherlocks fingers curl around his own, with his other hand coming round to encircle his waist while Johns rests lightly on his shoulder. As the lyrics start, Sherlock easily leads them into a simple box step, and it doesn't take long for them to find their own rhythm; in the months prior, John had been possibly the worst student Sherlock had had to teach - he would stumble over both their feet, keep his eyes down at all times, and eventually he would feel so awkward and uncomfortable that they'd have to cut their lesson short while he'd apologised profusely and said he would try harder next time. To his surprise, Sherlock had been wonderfully considerate with him; he hadn't once snapped at him, and had been so incredibly patient that John had wondered more than once how he had gotten so lucky to have somebody like him to be giving him lessons.
morning. 8am maybe?"
Sherlock glances at him, "What? Oh, no, um I...actually had more to say."
Sherlock clenches his jaw. Despite the completely burning frustration over his flatemate, he just manages to put it aside to speak clearly for the first time since he came up here, "I know what she did was unforgivable. I know she hurt you and destroyed our lives, but you have got to listen to me when I say that you have to go back to her." When John starts shaking his head in disbelief, he sighs, "If you won't do it for her, then do it for Rosie."
John chuckles, "Oh, that's right. It's about you, isn't it. Sorry the great detective can't handle this. Sorry his flatmate's gotten shit drunk almost every night when he discovered his wife had shot him. Sorry I'm going through a very
John swallows hard. He carefully sets the bottle on the carpet, then resigns himself to letting Sherlock in for the first time that night; Sherlock's quiet as he watches John take the photos out, and his voice is brittle as he goes through the pile, "She sent these a few days ago, I...I only glanced at them."
"You think it was good that I took it out?"
Sherlocks eyes dart across the glass, "One more thing."
you, Sherlock, and - and I couldn't sleep next to the woman who had done that...to you…"
He waits a moment, but she doesn’t say anything more, and he clenches his fists, forcing himself to look up at Sherlock again. He takes a deep breath, steadies himself, then speaks in a clear voice, "I cheated on her, Sherlock."
Sherlock smiles, and it's the brightest smile John's ever seen from him, "I love you, too."
John takes a bite of chicken as he points his chopsticks in Sherlocks direction, but he’s still looking at his plate, “Back there, at Angelos, he said something about a Headless Nun Case…..” He pauses to look up, but when he sees Sherlock, his words stick in his throat, “What’re you looking at?”
John glances down at their feet now as he smiles at the memory, and when he looks back up, he can see his flatmates expression has softened. He suddenly grins and lifts their hands up to twirl John around, before he's back in his arms again. John stares at him. From the start, they'd always agreed with a waltz, since it was generally the traditional dance at weddings, but..
“What’s wrong?”
Sherlock looks away, grabbing the pieces again, “Well, I could get the nurse to bring in another bed if that would suit you better.”
Sherlock swallows. No. Stop. Focus.
Sherlock stares hard at him, and there's a beat, "Are you in love with Mary, John?"
John smiles tightly, "And I loved her." He says it so easily, that it cuts through Sherlock like a sharp blade. He sets the bottle on the nightstand and gives Sherlock his full attention, "But then you come back from the dead like you're jesus and she goes and shoots you." He shrugs halfheartedly. Given up. Accepted it. But somehow, he still needs the good old liquid courage. Sherlock frowns. He can't fit this together.
"I said a few words about Mary."
John smiles, “Where else would I sleep?”
Fantastic.
Sherlocks eyes search him, and he bites down on his pinky finger, “Mm…”
John meets Sherlocks eyes in the reflection, "Hm?"
“Getting someone - excuse me?”
"What do you um…" He clears his throat, "What'd you mean 'us'?"
It’s then that John notices Sherlocks plate, “Have you eaten yet?”
calculated how long you've had these feelings for me, and depending on the length of time, also when your feelings for Mary changed..."
Sherlocks brows knit together, "But there must be a waiting period -"
“Mrs. Hudson’s looking after her. I organised it while you were out.” John swallows when he sees one of Sherlocks eyes’re bloodshot and he feels a wave of guilt wash over him.
"...What?"
Sherlocks eyes fly open and they run over Johns face, who's looking back with such a longing in his gaze. His mind suddenly falls back to reality, to what exactly they're doing, and he almost drops John on the carpet as his mouth falls open in shock. He looks away as he steps back and gently lets go of him to study his expression, his lips pursed. He knows. He's figured it out in one look. And while this usually impresses John to no end, tonight it has him want to sink into the floor.
“Really?”
"You…" John chooses his words carefully. Not incase of insulting him, but worried over if his memory will serve him correctly, "You never said boyfriends weren't your area…" His brows knit together, "You thanked me when I said it was fine if you did have a boyfriend…"
"But it is morning."
in love with you."
Sherlock narrows his eyes. Perhaps he can get something out of John this time. He purses his lips, digs his hands back in his pockets, then casts his eyes over the shadow of his reflection, "Care to elaborate?"
Sherlock frowns at him, but when John swaps the chopsticks for a fork, he reluctantly takes his own sticks from the napkin and goes to pick up a piece of pork. From the corner of his eye, John watches him chew it, and his brows furrow when he sees him grab the napkin and put it to his mouth.
“Maybe you’ve found your true calling, Sherlock.” Before he can reply, John’s cracking open his, and Sherlock settles for quietly watching him, the flame making his eyes more alight than they are.
"Well...I cured your limp, for one." John smiles, "We became friends. You met my brother, we ran around London, you also discovered I had a drug habit which does pop up now and again. We had dinner too. Twice. Never got to finish the first…" He hesitates.
Something plummets through him when he sees Sherlock’s blinking back tears, and he smiles half-heartedly, “I loved Mary. I loved her so much, but she’s gone and...and now I...move on.” He hesitates, “That’s...what I did when I thought you’d died. I got on with it.”
do you think you're doing?"
"John, sit down."
John's upstairs. Already gone to bed, it seems. Yet still awake.
Sherlock bristles. He feels a sudden anger begin to rise in him, and his body tightens, "This isn't about you. None of this is."
John laughs, "I'd like to meet him one day."
Sherlock bites back a genuine smile, though his face is shining, "Thank you, John, that...means a lot."
Sherlock looks at him, “Me?”
Sherlock parts his lips, then balls it up and puts it to the side, “I think my dish’s raw.”
John smiles as he wipes a stray tear from Sherlocks chin, "I'm really proud of you."
He's glanced over to where he expects Sherlock to still be standing, but he's gone.
her after work. She’s isolated, alone. They know her, but they didn’t converse with her, so that makes it more difficult to narrow it down.”
Sherlock frowns, “Then why didn’t you get something else?”
There’s a knock at the door, and Johns head turns as a nurse comes through with a tray, “Dinner, Mr. Holmes.”
Sherlocks voice is quiet, "I'm glad you agree…"
John frowns. It takes a moment, but when his ears go pink, he smiles and shakes his head as he goes to type out a response, but Sherlock beats him to it,
Seeing Sherlock in such a state rips at him horribly, and a deep well of guilt currently sits inside him as he watches Sherlocks chest slowly rise and fall. The heart monitor beside him is beeping quietly, but to John, it’s the loudest sound in the room. He puts a hand on his cane - a would’ve-been parting gift had he not changed his mind right as he’d gotten to the door - and looks at his flatmates sleeping form, his eyes taking in the mark on his cheek, the heavy bags under his eyes, and how he looks just so utterly worn to the bone. He had gotten some information on his condition from the nurse earlier; malnourished, double kidney failure, and a few bruised ribs (which he knows is his fault from before) and being told that alone had the guilt multiply tenfold. With the overdose and the beating, there’s no doubt that Sherlock’s going to have to stay in here for weeks while he recovers.
“I promise.” I sat down, propped my chin on my hand, and waited for my friend to dig in.
“Have you forgotten what its like to cum, my dear man?” I lifted a hand, touching my fingertips to his cheek. “Arousal might cloud the mind for a while. But after release, things become so much clearer.” I ran my thumb over his lips. “Or, you could continue with that arousal. Always have to struggle to push thoughts thoughts and feelings to the back of your mind. The longer you repress it the more of your mind it will take up.” I leaned forward whispering in his ear. “Or you can ignore all my expertise as a medical man, and indulge me because it makes me feel good.”
It took a few shuddering moments before I was cognizant enough to pleasure Watson. His cock still stood high and red, bouncing with every movement my friend made. I should have been more in my right mind since I had finished, but I wasn’t. I wrapped one hand around Watson’s cock, feeling it throb.
“You look smart today, Watson. Is that a new waistcoat” I said, as my friend sat himself down at the breakfast table. The waistcoat in question was the same gray pinstriped number as the one he had been wearing yesterday. The difference being that this one was clearly a size bigger. My friend tilted his head to the side, eyes widening in surprise.
Hours passed by in a blur. Soon, Watson was back, shrugging out of his over coat and kicking off his shoes.
“I’m going to suck you off, my dear Watson,” I whispered. “But only if you keep telling me how fat you’ve gotten.” Watson gasped as I bent my neck and took him in my mouth.
Watson wished me a good day, and I wished him the same. The moment the door had closed behind him, I sprang out of my chair so quick it toppled over. I left it where it was, scrambling to get my hands on a piece of paper and a pencil.
“Dear Watson,” I said. Reluctantly I let go of one of his rolls so I could stroke his chubby cheeks. “I did not know. I only suspected. But with the amount you ate, and how flushed with pleasure you always are after eating, it was not a hard conclusion to come to.” Surprisingly, a devilish smile spread over my friend’s face. He tilted his head down, beautifully framing his double chin.
“You’re beautiful, Holmes,” he whispered.
After an hour of so of musing over the facts of the case of Doctor Watson, I heard the dinner bell ring. I stepped out into the hallway where I noticed and empty plate with crumpet crumbs on it. I smiled.
“Think I over did it,” he said, levering himself up out of his chair. “Was that more than normal?” Indeed, I had asked Mrs. Hudson to adjust Watson portion to his clear growth in appetite. I thought she’d gone overboard.
“Fine,” I said, snapping my book shut. “I just forgot there is an errand that I need to run.”
“Of course,” she said, looking at the list. She frowned as she read, a line forming between her graying eyebrows. “All of this? Is this one of your experiments. I’d hate to see this food go to waste.” I tried to suppress the smile that made the corners of my mouth twitch. I rested a hand on her shoulder.
“I’m going to half to go to my tailor, Holmes,” Watson said, the second week of September. “Winter will be here before we know it.”
“Not at the moment.” I retrieved a glass from the cupboard and filled it with water. “He has been snacking a great deal hasn’t he.” I tried to sound nonchalant about it.
“I love you,” I whispered.
“Hope its something savory,” he said, fumbling with the buttons. He didn’t bother to tuck the tails in. “Are you coming, Holmes?”
“Why hide?” Watson asked. He kissed my neck, right under my ear then on my throat, and the v of my clavicle.
“That’s one word for it.” He pulled back just enough to take strip out of his undershirt. “If you wanted me on top, all you had to do was ask.” His belly spilled across my hips and the bottom of my torso. I wiggled, basking in the heaviness of him. I wondered if he could feel how hard I was. I could just see the outline of his manhood pressing against the straining grey fabric. He lifted his blubber, struggling to undo his pants. I reached out and pinched one of his side rolls.
“It won’t do any good,” I said. My hands wandered up to the waist of his trousers. Rolls of soft flesh spilled over the band, creating a beautiful roll. I sunk my fingers in. I was surprised at how pliant he was. “You’re going to have to go to the tailor for sure, but not for alterations. You’re going to need all new trousers, shirts and waistcoats. You’ve outgrown so much already. Do you really think you’re going to be even this size in a few more weeks, let alone months?” Watson moaned under me. He was pushing his ample backside against my hardness.
“What is it, Mr. Holmes?” I thrust the list at her.
“No, Holmes. When? I want you to tell me when.” I dropped my eyes. My knees were digging painfully into the floor. I shifted but it gave me no relief.
“Good God Holmes,” he whispered. I smiled against him.
“Watson, please,” I whispered. “Do not torment me like this.” Watson leaned down, pressing his mouth to my ear. His whiskers were surprisingly tantalizing.
“Years,” I mumbled, not looking at him. “Since almost the start.” I ran a hand over my slicked back hair. “You make fun of me for forgetting things. Things that aren’t important. It wasn’t during a case. We were home and you were reading the Strand, and something must have been funny because you laughed.” I remembered his belly had bounced up and down with mirth. “It made me feel things that I hadn’t felt before.” I bit my lower lip and forced myself to look him in the eyes. I expected to see pity or something. But his eyes were glazed over and half lidded. He lifted one of my hands from here it was curved around his love handle. He kissed the palm and then my wrist. His breath was hot on my fingertip.
At first, I thought that Holmes restlessness was due to the lack of cases. Apparently, London’s criminals were also curled up in front of their fireplaces. Holmes would spend hours stalking back and forth in front of the mantle like some oversized staved alley cat. Maybe he had the right idea. If I were to walk back and forth like him maybe my pants wouldn’t be so tight against my belly. Still, I couldn’t make myself move. The armchair was too comfortable, and my aforementioned belly was filled to the brim with tea and crumpets. I had to admit, there was something comforting about my heavier body. Holmes must have disagreed because every time he glanced my way, his cheeks would flush red and his eyes would snap to something else. The floor, the fireplace the falling snow or, most often, to the VR he had shot into our walls.
“Thank God, Holmes.” He pressed both his hands against my chest and gave me a shove. I took a stumbling step back, grabbing at my arm chair to keep my feet. Watson followed. “Holmes, how long have you been lying to yourself? Every time we go out your eyes linger on the portliest of men. I’ve watched you, for years I’ve watched, hoping that your veiled lust would rest on me.” He gave me another shove. I fell to the carpet, at a total loss for what to say. Watson smiled as he lowered himself to the ground. His thick thighs straddled my hips. I moaned with pleasure as he let his full weight rest on me. I could not help myself. I reached up, sliding my fingers under his shirt, touching his soft underbelly. I shuddered, and let out another moan. “Well well well,” Watson gloated. “The great Sherlock Holmes is a man of flesh and blood Afterall. It only took me gaining eight stone for him to show it.” Eight stone? I had thought it closer to seven. I marveled at his achievement. Over a hundred pounds in only a few months.
“Oh, you’re back,” he said. “Did you really go out to get donuts?” The edge of the box that I was holding crumpled slightly under my grip. I’d known that Watson had switched from a belt to suspenders. Those black straps framed his roundness, especially at the lower part of his belly, where they bowed under his roundness. One of them spung free as I watched. Watson made a surprised sound, before blushing and taking the other side off.
“Watson, I was hoping you would be willing to help me with an experiment.” I all but blurted to words out. He lifted his head from behind his paper. I prayed that he took the flush on my face to be from overheating.
“Holmes.” I felt his hands flex as he began to pull away. Without opening my eyes, I reached out and wrapped my chubby fingers around his wrists. “Don’t stop.”
“Why would I want the smartest man in the world?” Watson lifted his head and looked me in the eyes. “Every time you look at me, I feel like I’m the most important person in the whole world. Holmes, you captured my heart years ago. You could have had me years ago, if you didn’t pretend that you didn’t want sexual or romantic attractions.”
“Damnit Holmes,” I moaned. My love handle popped out of my friend’s mouth with a wet pop. He nuzzled his long and slightly crooked nose against me as his lip searched out another mouthful of flesh to suck on.
“Holmes, are you feeling alright?” My eyes snapped up to Watson. I forced myself to look at his brilliant blue eyes and not his chubby cheeks, or double chin. Both had grown recently, making my friend look softer and, dare I say it, happier.
“You want this?” I asked, pinching a roll of backfat I’m been admiring for some time. It was even softer than I dreamed.
My brain felt like it was on fire. My senses were on overdrive trying to imprint on everything. Watson’s thick mustache was tickling my upper lip. His thick fingers were soft where they cupped my cheeks. He smelled like pipe smoke and cinnamon. When I opened my mouth, his tongue slipped in. His breath was hot and tasted like the donuts he’d just devoured.
“Always,” I leaned in to kiss him again but he pulled back.
I truly did my best to be an unbiased observer, but it was damnably hard. Watson lifted the first treat, a small honey cake, and put the whole thing in his mouth. I had to close my eyes for the sight before me was just to tantalizing. But, alas, it did not help much. The sounds of Watson chewing and the soft moans of pleasure were almost as erotic.
“Did I? I asked, once he pulled back. “I don’t remember. I was reading.” Holmes chuckled.
“Watson, are you sure?” I asked. He didn’t respond. He pressed his lips hard to mine. Hard enough that he drove me back to the floor. He pulled back a little, panting into my mouth as he pushed his pants down his legs. My hand moved to his soft bare flank. Dear God. He hadn’t been wearing under things. His hands were on me. He tore my shirt from me, then my trousers. In a few seconds I was as naked as he. I pulled back to get a better look at him.
“Unless I take my clothes to the tailer, I won’t be able to wear them.” My heart lurched almost as much as my cock did. My face became hot. In fact, my whole body was abnormally warm. With the surge of heat came a bravery. Lust, I realized. A flood of chemicals in the brain that were making my inhibitions less pressing then they otherwise might be.  I set my book aside and stood up. In two quick strides I was behind Watson. Pressed against his swollen backside which was training at the fabric of the trousers. “Holmes?” Watson asked. I pushed against my friend hard, until he was trapped between me, and the window.
“I want you.” I slid down off his belly. I straddled his hips, and pressed my cock against his belly. “I want you fat Watson.” My fingers sunk into his blubber as I rocked into him. “I want you plump and round and soft. I love you waddling because of how fat your gotten.” Watson groaned softly under me. His cock was brushing my ass.  I grabbed the sides of his belly, rutting against is blubber. Then my cock found it’s way into his belly button. I had been waiting until later to do that, but it felt so good, I couldn’t stop. My words became moans as I made love to his belly. I lost myself in the rhythm of it bouncing and shaking under me. I clung to my best friend’s fat as my orgasm pulled me under.
“I’ve never done this before,” he said. “I don’t know what to do…not with a man.”  I chuckled.
“You’ve certainly been enjoying yourself,” Holmes whispered. “I’ve watched for months as you indulged. You were always stout, dear fellow, but a few years ago a better word to describe you would have been plump.” His fingers tucked into a back roll. It felt larger than I remembered. “A year ago, the word husky became more appt,” he continued. “You belly stuck out before you like the prow of a ship. Even before your trousers started clinging to you like a second skin, I could tell your thighs had thickened. I watched you change the way you walk to accommodate your growing body. Your beard kept your double chin hidden for only a few months.” He leaned down and nipped at my round face. I purred contentedly.
“Lord yes. Even more that Doctor Watson. I know you don’t care for such things, Mr. Holmes, but many women like a man with meat on his bones. It makes things more…comfy, let us say.” My cheeks were a flame.
“You never take anyone to your bed,” I pointed out. Holmes shook his head.
“I want you,” I said. “I’ve wanted you for years. You don’t know how hard I’ve tried to hide my feelings from you.”
“Just bring me some of what you’re having.” Those were the words that actually tumbled from my mouth.  Watson nodded and disappeared down the stairs. I ran a hand over my face and tried to get a grip on myself. Watson was my friend. The dearest friend a man could ever ask for. I did not need to ruin it by letting my sexual urges take over. I’d been able to keep them in check since I’d first met him, hadn’t I? I just needed a case. Something, anything, to keep my mind off his softening body.
I was so afraid he would push me away or tell me to stop. He never did. When My lips were swollen from kissing every inch of fat that I could reach, I looked up at him. He grabbed my face in both of his chubby hands and pulled me in for a kiss.
“I know it isn’t your normal day for getting groceries, but if you were to go out this afternoon could you get these things for me?”
“Very well, Mr. Holmes. Will you be wanting anything for lunch?”
I quickened my pace, trying to keep ahead of my arousal. I was almost running when the smell of something sugary made me stop. A smile curled up one side of my thin mouth. This must be that 24 hour donut shop that Lestrade and his boys were always mentioning. There was a particular honey glaze that made me think of summer time. I shook my head and headed inside.
Like a match being struck to light, my mind lit up with a thought. Did Watson like being fat? My mind raced looking for data to confirm or deny the idea. Images of Watson digging into a good meal with clear enjoyment flashed across my mind’s eye. As did memories of Watson rubbing his belly after over indulging.
“These are amazing,” he said after he swallowed. “Never tell me where this place is. I’d want to go there every day.”
“It feels so good,” I whispered, taking his hands and guiding them back to my belly. Those thin fingers danced across my waist, until grabbing an impressive amount of blubber on my sides.
He was clad in his dressing gown, and his loosest set of trousers, which we’re very loose at all. Still, his side rolls were obvious and maybe more obvious sink they were covered in the satin of the dressing gone. I clutched at the book in my hands, for fear that they would reach out and seize his love handles.
“This past autumn,” Watson said. “One day I just looked over at you and I couldn’t stand how beautiful you looked.”
Knocking would have been the polite thing to do but politeness was never one of my strong suits. And I was completely focused on the box of donuts in my hands. Which is why I burst in on Watson mid undress.
Warning weight kink is very present here. Still no beta reader
I found Mrs. Hudson bustling about the kitchen. The smell of frying cod filled the room.
“You’re so soft, Watson. Softer than I thought that you’d be.” He lapped his tongue against my soft underbelly. His fingers drummed against the jiggly flesh of my sides. “Watson, I want you on top of me.” I nodded. As much as I wanted to make him beg for me to climb on him, I didn’t dare. His pride was already at its limit.
The rest of breakfast went as normal. Watson mentioned that he was going to go to his club before looking in on his patients. I said I was going to do some experiments on some new honey that had come in from the Scottish Lowlands. All the while I watched as Watson ate everything that was on his plate. When he was done, he leaned back with a hand on his belly.
“Hmm?” I asked, shaking my eyes and looking over at my friend. He had stood up and was walking towards the door. A newly developed set of love handles were spilling over the tops of his trousers.
His belly looked even bigger and rounder than when he was wearing clothes. It was big enough that the bottom of it was pressing against his cock, pushing it out straight. And it was a large cock, and probably even bigger than it looked. A few inches of my best friend’s mast were swallowed up by his fat pad. His love handles stuck out, as did soft side rolls. All I wanted to do was suck and kiss them. The idea of mouthing all that succulent blubber made me leak.
“Thank you, Mrs. Hudson, I’ll see you soon for supper.” I retreated down the hall, but then had to backtrack. “If you have a spare moment, could you please bring Watson up a snack. Leave it outside his door.” I once again retreated, this time to my own room.
“Thank you, Holmes. Yes, its new.” He sifted in his seat, making the wood creak under him. “Some of my old ones were getting a bit snug.” A light blush rose to his chubby cheeks, but if the color was caused by embarrassment from gaining weight, or because it touched on a taboo but pleasurable subject, I could not tell.
“These are too tight on you.” I grunted. “You’ve gained weight.”
“I promise, none of the food will go to waste.” She tilted her head to look up at me, but nodded.
From the doorway it was only a few steps backwards to my bed. Steps that made me keenly aware of how much my belly wobbled under Holmes’s hands. He never let go, not even when I dropped onto my bed. He folded and the knees, continuing to cling to me. His fingers moved slowly, kneading my belly. I closed my eyes and moaned softly.
“I could be persuaded,” he said, eyes half lidded. “If you get me a snack first.”
“There is nothing to do in the countryside,” I said, watching him intently. His shirt joined his waistcoat on the floor, leaving him in only his trousers and undershirt. It had been a while since I’d seen him in such a state of undress, a while and a few stones of weight. Watson had always been stocky leaning toward portly, but this was something altogether new.  It was remarkable that his clothes had been able to hide this. I could feel a blush crawling up my throat. I had to keep talking. “At least in London there are still criminals to catch and mysteries to puzzle over. What is in the countryside?”
“Admit to me everything, and I’ll let you do whatever you want to me.”  I moaned. My hips bucked, bouncing Watson, and making all his blubber jiggle.
“We could go to the countryside,” Watson said, tossing his waistcoat to the floor. “Heaven knows, I could use a break.” I expected him to slump into his chair and pick back up where he’d left off in this morning’s newspaper. Instead, he began fumbling with the buttons of his shirt.
“It’s only three donuts.” I reached back opening the lid to show him how true my words were. “What harm could they do?” Watson sighed and walked over to the bed. No, not walked, waddled. He rolled from side to side with his weight until he collapsed on his bed, making the bedsprings creak. I grabbed his desk chair and pulled it up to the bed. I sat on it the wrong way and watched as he picked up the first treat.
“I want you,” I hissed. “Please. Please tell me that I can take you.” Watson pulled back. I tried to reach for him to pull him back, but there was apprehension in his eyes. “What? What is it?”
“Pardon?” I asked.
“How am I supposed to keep my…mind on logic and science. How am I supposed to push away these…feelings, when you keep…?” He bowed his head, lips forming silent words. I pushed myself out of my chair, ignoring the sound it made. I stopped when I was right in front of Holmes. His chin felt so hard under my chubby fingers. I tilted his face up until I was looking into his grey eyes. Of all the emotions I expected to see, fear hadn’t even occurred to me. “I have a duty to the crown,” Holmes whispered. “I cannot handle any emotional entanglements.” I let go of his chin and reached for his hands. They were so warm and soft.
Holmes and Watson get hot and heavy, both enjoying Watson's weight.
“I suppose not. But no harm in a well-padded man.” She turned back to the stovetop. I was about to turn to leave when I stopped.
“Good evening, Mr. Holmes,” she said. “Are you getting another snack for Mr. Watson.”
“Mine looks the same as always,” I said. If Watson noticed how, I had avoided the question it didn’t show on his face. He absently rubbed his belly as he reached for his hat and coat.  I was hypnotized by the circles his chubby hand made over the swell of his belly. I knew I was supposed to compliment him again, as part of my experiment. I held back, afraid that words like belly, weight, and stunning might slip out.
“Rest and relaxation,” Watson mumbled, running his handkerchief over his face and down the back of his neck. His chubby arms jiggled ever so slightly when he moved.  His shoulders had rounded out too. “Maybe a pond or lake to swim in.” I opened my mouth to ask if his old swimming costume would even fit anymore, but changed my mind. The thought of all of Watson’s new girth squeezed into his old swimsuit made mead head spin and my manhood twitch. What was wrong with me. “Anyway,” Watson continued. “It isn’t as if there are any criminals out and about its too bloody hot.”
“I’m going to go get a drink,” I said, standing up. “Do you want anything?” Watson shook his head.
“It looks good on you,” I said, without thinking. Watson’s head swung to me, a small smile on his face. He never took his hand from his belly. A moment later the dinner bell rang. Watson pushed himself to his feet and grabbed his shirt from the floor.
“How long?” he asked. “How long have you wanted me?” The question made no sense to me. How had my mind become so muddled that I couldn’t answer such a simple question?
“When will this heat end?” he asked. Just as the day before he stripped out of both waistcoat and shirt, but not before I saw a small jelly stain on the color of said shirt. That and the telltale dusting of powdered sugar on his mustache told me that he’d gone to his favorite bakery on piccadilly for luncheon and had at least one of their jelly donuts along with his normal roast beef sandwich. But what did that mean. Would a man embarrassed by his overindulgence at breakfast also over eat at lunch? Or had he just been extra hungry?
“What about what I want,” I whispered. I moved slowly. I gave him plenty of time to pull away from the kiss. He didn’t.
His checks jiggled as he chewed. I could tell he was rolling the bite around in his mouth. Even if he hadn’t moaned, I would have known the pleasure it gave him. I rested my chin on my hands and smiled. He looked so blissfully happy. What would I give to keep him feeling that way forever?
“Yes, of course Holmes.”
“Watch,” I said. Watson made a quizzical noise and tilted his head to one side.  Damn, but his undershirt did nothing to hide the breasts that he’d grown. “I’m going to watch. You can eat all three.”
This left me with a conundrum of how to test out my theories. After tossing and turning in my bed that night, I came up with my first two tests. I would complement Watson on his body before eating, and after. In addition, I would provide him opportunities to eat when he otherwise would not. He would become suspicious, of course, but if this was the sort of thing his heart desired then he would, probably, comply.  Damn the human brain, and it inability to be studies in a truly rational way.
Sorry, still no beta
“Mrs. Hutson,” I called, as I scribbled out a grocery list. A moment later Mrs. Hudson appeared at my elbow.
“No shit.” Watson moved his mouth to the hollow of my throat. I moaned, and bucked my hips. Or tried to. Watson’s body surrounded me, holding me to the floor. I could feel his belly pressing against my cock. I gritted my teeth and yanked at the button. It flew off, clattering across the floor. His plushness spilled out against me, pressing against me. I rolled my hips into him.
“Watson,” Holmes whispered. “If I don’t stop now, I won’t be able to. This feels too good.”
Not long before my fifty first birthday I looked up from my book on naval tactics and saw that Watson was too fat for our chairs. It was my fault in part. I was the one had picked out the narrow armchairs a few years back. Our last set had made me feel like I was being swallowed whole. Watson hadn’t complained, even after he squeezed himself into these chairs for the first time. After a day or two he had discovered he could fit fine as long as he picked his belly up before he sat down. I had watched in mild instress as the months passed and there was more and more belly to pick up. But today was the first day I noticed that the sides of his belly had rolled over the arms of the chairs.
“It’s something I never admitted,” I said. “Not even to myself.” An image popped into my head from a few months ago. The August sun was shining through the window of my tailor as he wrapped the tape around the roundest part of my belly. There hadn’t been enough tape. He had to tug so that it dug into me, revealing the number 60 imperial inches. He hadn’t said a word, just told his assistant to buy a longer tape measure, and put the number 63 on his form. The pants I had ordered that day were the ones I had just popped the button off of.
“Pardon?” I asked, feeling more a fool than I had ever depicted myself in his biographies.
“A fact that I find very distracting,” I said. Watson was still looking down at himself, it made very easy to pull him off the bed, and on top of me. He gasped as he tumbled and I grunted as his weight hit me full force. Damn, but it felt good. My hands slipped under the fabric of his undershirt. “You’re so soft.”
My waist always got a little thicker in the winter. Whenever the weather was nice enough it was my habit to take a walk in the morning, and, if Holmes didn’t need me for a case, one in the evening as well. I had started these walks in hope that it would help me get rid of last winter’s pounds. They never seemed to go away completely. The result was that every year I needed to purchase slightly bigger pants and shirts. Just a fact of getting older.
“It’s downright un-English, this weather.” I told Watson. My friend had just come in from dealing with another case of heatstroke. He dropped his valise at the foot of his armchair and began unbuttoning his waistcoat. A waistcoat that looked snugger around his middle than it had last week, and much snugger than last month.
“Why go to the tailor?” I asked, staring at my book. Not reading. I had been having a hard time reading anything whenever Watson was in the room as of late. “You have many winter clothes.” I wanted him to say it. The very notion of him admitting that he’d eaten himself out of his clothes made my manhood twitch.
“Do you want a snack Holmes?”
“At this size how could I not?” I asked. I rolled my hips, pushing my belly harder against his groin.  His moaning grew louder and his fingers dug in so hard I knew there would be bruises in the morning. “With this big belly,” I said, giving my gut a slap. “If it makes you feel half as good as it makes me…” I grabbed the bottom of my belly again lifting it just a bit the letting it drop. Holmes let out a whine as he started thrusting up against me. “How could you possible keep your hands off me?” I rubbed against him as fervently as he rubbed against me. I came first, sliding down so that Holmes was rubbing himself off only on my belly. I watched his face as he came. My friend, and now my lover looked beautiful and wanton as he arched his back in pleasure.
“You think I did this just for you?” Watson leaned back and patted his belly. “I just wanted to test out a theory. I had my answer after the first two stone. But it felt so good. I didn’t want to stop.” It was as if a supernova exploded in my brain. I couldn’t help but buck again. He bounced again, almost falling to the side. He steadied himself with a hand on my shoulder.
“Watson,” he growled before pressing his lips against mine hard. He pushed me back onto the bed, as he climbed on top of me. His legs straddling my wide hips. He pulled back, and began tearing at my waist coat. “You have no idea how fat you are, do you?” he breathed. “I’m surprised that these buttons didn’t give before the one on your pants.” I chuckled, watching as he struggled with the buttons. I felt his hardness pressing against my soft underbelly. It felt surprisingly nice. What would it be like for him to rut against my fat?
“You’re not going to stop eating,” I continued. “You like it too much to stop.” My hands wandered forward. I felt how strained the fabric was against his swollen belly. I slipped my fingers under his shirt. His stomach was already stretched, stuffed with the waffles Mrs. Hudson had made this morning. I patted his roundness. “This isn’t an accident.”
His heart leapt in his chest.  Sherlock took a small step back, and John caught the sound of Lestrade's sirens nearby.  Near, but not near enough.  He clicked off the safety, steadied his breathing, and pulled the trigger.
anyway, happy Thursday and happy reading.
"Yeah?"
A tense silence hung about the flat, not that Sherlock noticed.  He hadn't pressed John for answers, but he was beginning to wish he had.  It could have shut John down, removing all chances of getting something out of him, but it could also have gotten them to talk. And then things could finally go back to normal.
John.  What is it?"
, Sherlock.  You almost --"  he fought back a surge of emotions, voice going quiet.  "You almost
again, any and all suggestions are welcome, as is criticism.  thanks!
He rolled his eyes.
."  he whispered, and pulled John back into a kiss.
Sherlock's stomach churned.  If he had returned, just to find that John had given up before he could return -- well, he was rather certain that he would have followed, for real.  "Oh John . . ." he whispered hoarsely, breath hitching in his lungs.  "John I am so, so sorry."
John pocketed his mobile and was out the door.  He should have taken a cab, but he figured he could save the fare for Lestrade’s ride home when they were done -- he’d need it.  As he walked, he ignored the flashes of a wind-pulled coat that the corner of his eye caught on.  He ignored the blue scarves he was seeing everywhere.  He had to work very hard to ignore the mops of curly hair blowing in the wind, and the grey-green eyes that stared into him as he passed.  He wasn’t there.  He would never be there again.  Accept it and move on, he scolded himself.
"On the contrary -- it very much
!  But he composed himself.  "No,"  he sighed, letting his breath be a release.
Anyway, thanks so much for reading and tolerating my weirdness.
A comfortable silence settled around them, though John was the only one who felt comfortable.  Sherlock's experiment was making no progress, as his eyes were drawn time and again to John, reading in his chair.
So when John told him what he needed to do, he obeyed.
Holmes, now -- would hardly care how he was coping.
John didn't turn to face him, but set his book down.  "Yes, Sherlock?"
Half a pint later, Lestrade was paying for John’s ride home, although John insisted he pay him back later.  On the drive back, John
Also, I'm posting this chapter now, so I wont forget to tomorrow, since AO3 is going to be shut down for a bit.
"John. . . How am I supposed to . . . help you if I don't know what's wrong?"
"John," Mycroft nodded.  John nodded back, and offered tea.  "Please."
John pressed his lips together and stood on unsteady legs.  "I need some air."  With that, he pulled on his jacket and left, the door slamming behind him.
When he walked into 221B for the first time in three years, John didn’t welcome him with a fist or open arms.  He offered not even a “Hello Sherlock” as the door closed behind him.  The detective took it in stride; it was a far better reaction than he’d been expecting, if a bit disconcerting.  They went about their normal lives, and Sherlock avoided cases for the time being, finding that -- for once -- he needed the time to relax.
The detective sat at the edge of the bed before remembering his experiment of the past months.  He curled himself around his doctor, pulling the shaking mess of John tight against his chest. He relaxed into Sherlock, turning his face to press against his collar bone.  He didn't have to press this time for John to speak.
They remained there throughout the night, and sleep refused to come.  Sherlock tentatively wrapped John in his arms and received no objection, only John's hands curling around his fingers.
"John, you
John was still sulking around, closing himself off.  He hadn't had a full conversation with him in over a week, not that they ever had full conversations to begin with.  Sherlock was becoming worried, and he didn't like the feeling.
He turned the corner, gun ready, and immediately backtracked, keeping out of sight.  Sherlock was talking down their man, who was inconveniently wielding a shotgun.  John cursed under his breath, peering round the corner.  He frowned, turned to the wall next to him.  Fire escape, all the way up to the roof.  he could get an advantage from there.
So thanks for reading, in advance.  Suggestions are appreciation, so is criticism!
“It’s not your fault, John.  You couldn’t have known what was going on in his head.  I’m not even sure
Thanks for reading, guys! And if you want more shorts (not all fandoms, sorry) or poetry, or wanna offer suggestions, check out my blog: http://franklychaos.weebly.com/
(See the end of the chapter for
She smiled sympathetically. "Well he's not you, Sherlock. He won't deduce it.  If you want to know how he feels, do what you always do."  He cocked a brow questioningly.  "Experiment."
I'm sure the tags will be warning enough, but people ARE. Going. To die.  Your favourite people, or not. Whatever.
For a long while they sat there, comfortable in their silence, as John got his breath back in his lungs.
They abandoned their half-eaten breakfast in favour of kissing, slowly making their way to the couch.  Sherlock was no expert, but he learned quickly and catalogued what made John shiver, what made him moan, and what made him pull Sherlock tighter against him.
Sherlock hesitated, but bit back a grimace and asked:
"John," his companion said finally, "I need you to teach me."
Sherlock slid closer, planning to catch him if he fell. "Alright?" he asked.  John nodded. Sherlock nearly hesitated.  "We have been taking on more dangerous cases." he acknowledged.
He had just turned on the telly and sat down when the door to the flat slammed open.  John lurched to his feet, the blood rushing much too fast to his brain and he thumped down again.
John nodded.  "I will," he promised.
Sherlock hesitated.  "What to do, in an emergency," he decided.
"Yoohoo!  Boys!"  Ms Hudson called from the stairs.  John opened the door for her, and helped her with the absurd amount of bags hanging from her arms.  "Thank you, John."
"While I was gone . . . what did you do?  I know you visited my . . . grave, but I rarely saw you leave the flat.  What happened?"
"John!" Sherlock's eyes widened in concern.  "John! Wake up!
"John," Sherlock rasped, sounding strangely confused and frenzied.  "John what do I do?"
If anyone asked anyone, he saw none of those things.  But if you asked him, and his half empty bottle of scotch, he saw all of those things and more.  He saw a violinist at the window, a detective on the sofa, a scientist at the table, a friend in a chair, a man in bed, his body finally having caught up with him.
"How did you know, John?" he whispered into the dark.
John woke with a terrified yell, eyes frenzied and fingers clutching Sherlock's own much too tightly.  "Sh-Sherlock?" he stammered, heaving in gulps of air.
AND! Just so you're aware, I will do my best to keep all the characters in character, but I may tip Jim off the edge.  I've always thought of him as two extremes, either docile and having fun, or screaming out in anger.  I will probably also portray him as the depressed, broken man that he is, in the chapters from his POV.
He tried to offer his own jumper to soak up the blood, but Sherlock ripped off his own scarf and used it instead.  "Now what?"  Still worried and lost and panicked, but looking slightly less so.
Ok, so!
Thanks again, guys!
"Sherlock!"  he panted, more winded than he should have been.  The swirling coat turned and whipped out of sight.  "Wait!"  He shook his head and kicked himself into a sprint.
John shook his head.  "No. Not now, Sherlock.  Please."
Sherlock paused, not knowing how to put the words together in a passive way.  "Is everyhing . . . alright?"
This is it! The very last chapter.  Thank you guys so much for reading!  I might be posting my alternate version of this fic, which is honestly a lot sadder, so let me know if you guys are interested in reading that and I'll see if I can get it put up.
"You need to eat." Sherlock told him, gently tugging him in the direction of the kitchen.
"Remind him that this is something you can survive, and that he is not at fault here." He hesitated.  "Please."
“Not if he didn’t let you.  John,” Greg tilted John’s head up to stare at him seriously, verging on drunk as he was,  “this is not your fault. You couldn’t have done anything even if you
Also, Johnlock, but that's not necessarily the main plot point.  A tiny, itty bitty piece of Mystrade, if I remember.
John smiled at that.  It was quite backwards from usual: him dragging Sherlock to the kitchen to eat
Hit anything important?  No arterial spray from what he could see, though that wasn't much.  Getting a tad light-headed though, so losing a lot of blood.
"No problem. How're you doing?"  he asked, taking the bags to the kitchen.
They sat facing each other at the table, eating their breakfast in silence.  John reached out and twined his fingers in Sherlock's.
"John?
John looked up, confused.  "Teach you what? What is there that
to return the favour."  And he pulled the doctor tighter against him, soothing the shaking sobs.  "And -- I'm sorry I left so . . . abruptly last morning.  I suppose I'm not all that good when it comes to emotions."
And when John's conciousness fled the scene, his breath hitched in his lungs and he let out a shudder and he
Cheers
And he remembered John's face when he awoke, his first action being to shout for Sherlock, panic written in his eyes.
me, you know?  I could’ve helped.”
The man screamed and dropped the gun, staring at the new hole in his hand.  Sherlock looked up at John and nodded appreciatively.
wrong?”
His friend's face brightened again.  "You have to teach me, John!"  At John's confused look, he reiterated "Teach me to be a doctor."
John sighed.  Just another day, spent chasing Sherlock around town, jumping across rooftops and tumbling down fire escapes.  He leapt and stumbled, quickly regaining his footing.  Had to catch up with Sherlock, can't let the man get too far ahead.
Sherlock turned to face him in the cab.  "You
Cheers
"Just fine, John.  Just popped down to Tesco for a bit, thought I'd get you some things."
There was a long pause, and he could feel Mycroft's sigh through the phone.
"John, this scar is the only reason we're here.  I love it.  I love
When he at last opened his eyes again, they caught a tear dragging down Sherlock's cheek.  He looked away.
Their ears caught the familiar yelp of the ambulance's siren only a few blocks away.
One last thing: i have no beta readers, unless any of you want to volunteer. No brit-pickers either, but I think I've got that bit handled.
I tend to write in short bursts, which makes my chapters shorter. I've always found that to be more manageable.   I'll try to post every day, but I make no promises.
John was asleep, but spasming in his bed, fingers clutching for something that wasn't there.  Sweat laced his brow, and his face was contorted into an expression of pure torment.
Sherlock sorted through the unfamiliar feelings his body was humming with.  He could name none of the curious things, and it frustrated him unendingly through the night.  When John woke and came down the stairs, Sherlock found a smile pulling on his lips, a little ball of joy at the sight of him resting in his chest.
are."
"I'm here, John." He sat on the edge of John's bed, hesitantly rubbing his back with his spindly fingers.  "I'm here."
Ambulance on its way? Well, he didn't know.  But the Yard was, so that was good.  Though whether they'd get there in time . . .
Hey guys, thanks again so much for reading! (not the last chapter, no worries.)  If you guys want more of my work on these guys and (mostly) OCs, take a look at my blog, Frankly Chaotic (franklychaos.wordpress.com).  You are welcome email some of your own original work to me and I'll make sure that it gets posted on my blog.  Although I'm sure you guys all have your own blogs and such.  But anyway, thanks again for the support, as always!
make -- and sat down opposite him.
"I don't even remember most of it.  I remember Moriarty, and something went terribly wrong, right after it had gone perfectly right . . . And everything was just ripped away." He sighed and pulled away.  "Sorry.  You need to sleep, I need to sleep.  I didn't mean to wake you; I don't want to keep you up."
He watched and listened, chewing his lip.  Sherlock could talk him down, right?  The man pointed his gun back at Sherlock, yelling profanities.  Apparently not.
John got to his feet with tremendous difficulty, waving Sherlock away.  "I'll be fine, Sherlock.  I'm going to have a shower." He needed to get the sharp hospital stench off of him.  Sherlock frowned at him skeptically.  "Look, I'll . . . yell, or something, if I need you.  Okay?"  Sherlock nodded reluctantly, and John went to take his shower.
The flat was empty.  He frowned.  Had Sherlock gotten a new case?  He wouldn't be surprised if he had, only that he hadn't told John about it immediately.  He shrugged, glad for the quiet, and made himself breakfast.
John sighed as the pain receded, and blinked hard.  "Okay, Sherlock.  What were you saying?"
John winced.  "J-just a second, Sherlock.  Just --" a pained hiss escaped his lips.  "Just give me a moment, can you?"
"You want me to come?" came a faint inquiry.
And so Greg pretended to shrug it off, and allowed John to change the subject as they sipped at their beer.  It only took another pint and a half for John to go back to it.
and sent it, stuffing his mobile into his pocket.
scarf -- in the moonlight as a shadow leapt between buildings.
Sherlock traced John's collar, working his way to the Scar. It deserved capitals. The Scar that had sent John home, and sent him to Sherlock. The Scar was the only reason they had met, the only reason they were together, at that moment, in 221B Baker Street.
The elder Holmse cocked an elegant brow.  "I'm afraid I have a favour I must ask of you."
Sherlock stilled his expression and waved a hand at John, passing for normality.  "For emergencies, John." He clipped the 'obvious' off, not wanting to sound too harsh.  Not to John.
He remembered a numbness in him while he waited for John to be let out of surgery.  He remembered the hours -
