"Calm down, neither do we! Normally. I meant, given as a husband. If you'll have him. He's quite accomplished, y'know. The best of my siblings, that's for sure."
more on the roof." Dean grins teasingly.
. That's nice.
Hearing the word party his mind goes for a straight
Entering the bar, he goes straight to the bartender, describing Castiel's appearance, "Like yay high, blue eyes, sensible shoes, messy hair."
Keeping track of time, he arrives early at the campus. Usually, he would take the direct path that leads straight to his block, which is what would happen if it was a regular day but today seems different, the weather is sweet to his liking, the cool morning air feels like a bliss, caressing his cheeks, he's already fifteen minutes early and a walk in this pleasant atmosphere would be just more refreshing. And that's how he ends up taking the longer route.
Throwing punch after punch, he avenges for everything. ”
It’s not after a long time that Dean barges in, not surprised to find Cas at the same place from when he left off.
Entering, Dean scans the classroom full of surprised expressions, giving him a weird look of
Less than an hour later they approached the gates and Benny called to their keeper. Only a few moments passed before the portcullis was raised and they were ushered through. The townsfolk stared as they rode through the winding streets to the castle and Dean suddenly felt very uncomfortable. What if someone recognised him? One of the few courtiers that meandered in the market, perhaps? He tucked his chin into his collar and kept his eyes down. The last leg was short and soon enough the many stewards and grooms of the keep were relieving them of their burdens.
“Hmm, you're not so bad yourself. Now stand up and take your pants off.” Not pausing to see the irony in his words, Cas scrambled out of Dean’s lap and over to his discarded paper bag, pulling out the condoms and lube he’d just purchased.
Time dragged as he rearranged his house and made it a bit more cosy, but Thursday finally arrived and he spent the day furiously cleaning (despite keeping the place spotless anyway) then jumped in the shower. He paced until he heard a nervous heartbeat outside his door.
The guy, henceforth known as The Nudist, really liked to be naked. Like, really, really liked to be naked. He rarely had clothes on past 6pm and often waited for the very last second before leaving the apartment to get dressed.
"Just keep up the chastity belt routine and leave the rest to me. You wouldn't want to disrupt treaty negotiations, would you?" Gabriel winked and Benny huffed out a tired laugh. "Put the young prince to bed. Get a good night's rest and we'll make it to Winchester tomorrow."
The brothers coincidentally had a few days off over the weekend and they spent some of it lurking around the apartment in their pjs. Sam didn't bring up Dean's weird window fetish and Dean obviously didn't bring it up either but it still hung about in the back of Sam's mind, festering.
With an intense feeling of deja vu, Cas got up, pulled on his only clean pair of sweats and headed for sweet life giving coffee and away from the god awful noise.
Once Dean had settled Sam in, he grabbed his ipad and started to sketch out the face he could see behind his eyelids. Before he took this job, he'd wondered how people in the blind community discovered their soulmate and, apparently (according to his trickier assignments) they had to be close to each other to get the memo and the lasting imprint was based on their favorite secondary sense. Most often that was scent and while Dean kinda enjoyed the Omegaverse type sleuthing he had to do in those cases he would take that little tidbit to the grave along with most of his exploits with Rhonda Hurley.
"Morning, Dean." He growled then cleared his throat. "Excuse me."
Of course, he couldn't help but notice by the light of the full moon how attractive the mysterious Northerner was. Dark hair, plump lips and a jawline for days created exactly the sort of person he might like to get to know better. Benny's words rang in his head though. This mission was important, a serious affair for the politics of his kingdom so he drew back with an awkward wave, congratulating himself on his restraint.
"No!" Dean protests, earning an eye roll from Castiel, "But I'm gonna find someone for you, so you are not all by yourself this year," Dean smiles, taking it as his responsibility to be the wingman for Cas.
"I was kidding, Cas," Dean says, eventually, stuffing a big bite of pie in his mouth.
Reaching the destination, when he steps inside, he looks around the bar. There's no sign of Dean anywhere, which leads him to walk over to the bartender, who happens to be some blonde girl in her twenties.
“What did I do?” Sam’s question is ignored because Dean is already climbing the stairs.
Dean thinks before speaking, "because you asked me to."
Entering, he only manages to call out, "Professor?" searching around the empty place before the door shuts behind him.
"Nap time's over, wake up," he calls out playfully, entering the living room.
Not long after, Sam walks in the library and finds Castiel seated there too, going through some ancient lore. Sam goes over the shelves, fishing out some random books thick enough to keep him occupied for the entire day. He drops the pile on the table with a thud, grabbing a chair angrily and sighs to himself.
Later that night, a couple of hours after Dean's departure, Castiel receives a phone call.
"That explains the weird names. Castiel, Gabe—Gabriel was it?"
Dean grabs one of Cas' arms to get him on his feet but, unfortunately, it does no good. Why does Dean keep on forgetting? After all, Cas is an angel. He is just as strong as one, and apparently flexible, too, because Cas fights back, slipping from Dean's hold without leaving any time for the hunter to register an attempt to escape.
Dean hears that but doesn't bother turning around to face the angel. Before he knows it, Cas is in front of him, hugging him tightly.
"I'm going to tell Lisa about this."
"No, not like this, when you won't remember a damn thing the next day."
"Yet, here we are," Dean replies to which Castiel drops his head on the floor again.
The argument grows out of nowhere into a tornado, bringing back all the previous matters Castiel has saved in the back of his mind, one of which also includes him nearly dying because Dean was a careless asshole who forgot him on the freaking roof.
Shoving his arm harder against Castiel's collar, receiving a shocked gasp, Dean removes the arm, allowing Castiel to breath. The look is already consuming Castiel wholly, he swallows, blinking away the pain where his head and body hit the wall with a terrified look on his face, the blue in his eyes are no longer peaceful and resolute but rather reveals fear and anxiousness. Castiel tries unleashing his wrist from Dean's grip with his free hand, without uttering a word, under Dean's constant stare when Dean shouts angrily, "ANSWER ME!" Dean roars like an angry beast growling in the forest as he yanks away Castiel's other hand and pins it on the same wall.
“Seriously, what do I have to do to get you back to normal?” Dean asks, giving up.
He pushes through the crowd, making his way towards the stage, and snatches away the mic from Dean, forcing him down from the wooden stage. "You are coming with me, this ends now."
He turns, panicking. He tries opening the door. Pushing. Pulling. It's
Castiel never expected Dean to give a crap or patch him up, but he clearly must have misjudged him. He's not the bad guy. Maybe. He doesn't know.
"That is very comforting," Castiel says, his voice dripping with annoyance.
Jabbing at the door, Castiel grunts, "And locking me up here will stop me?"
He knows Cas is still on the other side, listening to him, even when there's no response. "Promise me," he says, knocking twice.
"Just a sec, Cas," Dean replies back.
"Don't you dare give me that crap, I'm not buying it, so spill."
"Fucking great." Waving a hand in front of Castiel, indicating the reddened forehead and the droplets of blood dripping down his nose, courtesy of the head hit, which started the bleeding again, Dean grunts, "What am I supposed to do with this?"
"Does it make us terrible friends to enjoy this?" Benny questions.
Sleeping outside Castiel's door was indeed a bad idea; his back hurts from sleeping against the wall, his neck is stiff and tense when he tries to move it, and his legs, well, he hopes he can at least walk around with all the numbness.
"Well, watch me, Winchester," Castiel replies, eyes still on the TV, not sparing any glance at the overconfident narcissist beside him.
"It's on, Novak, and you can't back off," Dean declares like he's announcing a war.
"Excuse me, you called for a guy named Dean," Castiel asks.
Next chapter will take a while but I promise I will update soon.
Castiel feels nauseous, he feels so stupid for believing Dean had a good side; if anything, Dean is just like any other jerk bully. Initially, Castiel had suspected Dean to be no less than Alastair but somehow Dean has happened to prove him wrong and, the worst part of it, Castiel had begun to trust him because not a lot of people know about his family and Dean is among the few with whom he was honest.
Castiel spun around, gritting,
There's the
There's a complete silence at Castiel's end as he sits, frowning and recalling the whole incident. He attempts on opening his mouth to say something but his lips close shut.
Cas gives him a deadly look. The one he used to give Dean back when they first met, and Dean remembers it clearly. It's the classic angel of the lord look which Cas mainly used when he made a witty comment about God. Easy times. Dean hasn’t seen that look in years and is taken aback by the way Cas keeps glaring at him. Should Dean be worried? Cas is not gonna smite him. Right?
"Before I let you talk to Cas, would you mind telling me about his nightmares?" he asks, keeping his voice low.
Here is my
If the guy does his job right. Saying the exact same line Benny and Dean forced him to memorize.
Laughing hysterically, Sam falls off the bed. He can't help but giggle even after Dean angrily replies
Why involve the law and, especially, why complain to Bobby if he wants to put a lawsuit. Courtesy of Sam, he learned a little about law and knows how to settle for a truce, even if that meant Castiel gets to keep his favourite black leather jacket. So be it.
Dean is not that bad right?
"I'm taking both of you back home, let's go."
Bean is Di.
"Let's grab drinks," Crowley chimes in, noticing Dean's interest.
Before the same happens to his jaw. It takes a moment for Castiel to register: it's Dean, kissing him. He should say something. He should stop Dean, his jaw clenches, seeming tense, but the words never make it to his tongue because Dean doesn't stop there, he goes down, tracing his neck. "Dee-an," Cas whispers.
"Am I not hot enough for you, Cas?" Dean pouts, licking his lips.
The drive to college is short and he parks in the usual spot, killing the ignition, he doesn't mind checking in with Bobby.
“There you are,” Dean says, coming closer. It's freakishly cold out here, the cool wind touching his face causes him to hiss; he is gonna freeze if he stands here for much longer.
"Yeah," Castiel says.
It’s late in the night when a familiar sound breaks the silence of the room, right when Castiel is about to wrap up his work before heading to bed.
Walking down the aisles, Dean searches for cat food. Last time he checked, cats eat from the dumpster. Why does there have to be special food for them? Scanning the shelves, he finally finds the pet section, but he isn't prepared to see a hundred different flavours and types of cat food. Humans don't get that many choices. Why does an animal get that many different flavours? And why do cats even care about flavour? Just make a standard food and move on. Is it that hard?
Although he feels bad for only rinsing his hair and not shampooing them because of Winchester. After Castiel refused to buy a new bottle, Dean also gave a firm competition, saying he cooks for both of them, which means Castiel should make up for other things like fetching groceries and other items. Castiel is already mad at Dean for plenty of reasons so it
Still in a dilemma, Castiel is nervous as he picks out the perfect outfit for the party. His friends dragged him against his will, so there is no room for backing out at the last moment.
"And, maybe, bats? Or something?"
Benny stared at him for a second then straightened to let out a roar of laughter. He wiped his eye. "Oh, I hope not!"
"Castiel. Shurly. It's my name?" Cas squinted, wondering whether the man was teasing him or not. It wouldn't be the first time an overly confident quarterback or bitchy co-worker had taken exception to his unusual name.
"Swing round." Cas gasped. "Now."
Cas peered at a picture of a very muscular young man doing a one armed pull up on the corbel of a porch. Cas laughed, then froze when he spotted a smudge of dark ink on the man's pec. He grabbed Dean's phone and zoomed in.
"Fancy meeting you here." Cas intoned dryly and Dean was thrilled at the idea that he remembered what Dean said last time. Shit, he was still speaking.
They texted each other between meals. Now that Cas knew they were physically compatible (and that Dean had been put firmly in his place) he was a lot more forthcoming about his personal life. Turned out he was a bit of a movie buff and bibliophile, able to recite any line from pretty much anything Dean tested him on.
He drank for a while, until the pressure of Cas' thighs around his head diminished slightly then he flipped them. Cas landing with his back against the pillows and Dean with his head in his lap. Cas' erection stood red and proud, leaking temptingly and Dean took him into his mouth all the way, until his nose was buried in the patch of dark hair at the base.
Castiel frantically pulled on drawers and yanked open cupboards, leaving them open as he ran around his apartment.
It took a bit of effort to stop feeding and he lapped at the wound longer than he'd admit. Cas was a dead weight on his lap now and a bit pale but otherwise he just seemed blissed out. His hard-on hadn't waned at all and Dean took the opportunity to slip his hand down the front of Cas' pants to wrap it around his warm cock and pump it a few times. Another shudder and Cas was coming almost instantly with a soft groan.
"Dean. Why the fuck is our pervert neighbor here?" Sam hissed.
On no less than three occasions, Sam had looked out his own damn window to see another man's erect penis. He was getting a bit sick of it to be honest, and had done everything in his power to dissuade the guy without being outright aggressive. Sam racked his brain trying to figure out what he had done to encourage him to exhibit himself but couldn't come up with anything. Had he inadvertently been staring at nothing in the wrong direction? He did zone out sometimes but surely that wasn't enough to elicit a private show everyday. Speak of the devil and he shall appear, bang on time and naked. Sam sighed and pointedly turned away.
Later that evening they made camp, building a fire and pitching their tents in a defensive circle around it. Benny poked at the pot of stew cooking over the hearty flames and occasionally glanced over at Dean. Without fail each time Dean was staring at Lord Novak with a soft smile on his face as he watched him bustle about his ablutions. Despite his humor earlier, he did worry about his friend's intentions. If he was falling fast it could break his heart when the Northerners leave or, if he was just after a roll in the hay, he could jeopardize the union of the two nations.
"Just do it, Dean. Come on!" Cas cried, burying his fingers into Dean's hair, pulling him close. Dean smirked and pressed his nose against Cas' prominent artery, gently scenting along it, occasionally kitten licking or nipping at the skin. Cas keened and ground down onto Dean's lap, rubbing their hard cocks together with every tilt of his hips.
"Of course, I knew! His parents sent me a portrait for goodness sake. Granted, he had ridiculous hair in it and the usual fancy Southern Royal apparel but I knew it was him the second I laid eyes on him at the inn."
This was easier said than done as everytime Sam left his room Castiel was there. Laughing with Dean in the kitchen, kicking his ass at Mario Kart or watching a shitty western.
The two men continued to laugh even as it drew the attention of their traveling companions with Castiel and Dean's matching bemused expressions just making them laugh harder.
"No! What are you doing!? Look, I'm flattered…I guess…but I don't…I'm not…"
Benny woke first, as he was used to early rising for patrol and training. Dean, however, simply snorted and rolled over when Benny shook him. Huffing fondly, he washed, dressed and summoned someone to bring breakfast for his pampered friend.
"Yeah?"
"I'm here to see Dean. He said he was home."
Sam army crawled out of his room keeping his head down til he got to his brothers door and he knocked at floor level.
"Yeah, you could say that." He kept getting tickled by what Cas had said and he chuckled to himself as he stood, rinsed out his mug and grabbed his guitar. "Catch you later, Cas."
to make it easier to be found.
"I take it you live here?" Dean nodded at the pasta poking out the top.
Now, no one could say that Sam was stupid but they would have very solid grounds to say he was the biggest idiot in California, maybe even in the entire United States. Sam flushed hot from head to toe, mortified that he'd assumed Castiel had been non consensually flashing him for weeks when the much more likely recipient was two rooms and three windows away. He was just as confused but not as weirded out now. Why was Dean encouraging their neighbour? Was this a date? Was Dean gay? Bi? Sam was a moron, a colossal heteronormative asshole. He palmed himself in the face, hard.
"Okay...bye then…" Sam said faintly. Jesus, he was surrounded by weirdos.
"What? You first, Lord Castiel." Dean implored.
Castiel realised with a start that he had just given him a very slow and thorough once over and was no doubt heading into creep territory. He tried to look around the car nonchalantly but made immediate eye contact with Dean who was now smirking.
"Greetings, friends. How goes it?" Benny saluted with a fist across his breast. "I am Commander Benjamin LaFitte of the Southeast and this is Sargent Dean Rihtwis of the Southwest." Both men gave a short bow.
"Haha, Benny is just fine!" A deep, softly accented voice rang clearly through Dean's speakers.
Dean was outrageously hard by now, his dick pressing against his underwear enough to feel the coarse fabric of his jeans.
Dean grabbed for his phone, fumbling it like a desperate moron, and after finally getting it unlocked he was both thrilled and anxious that it was a message from Cas.
Eyes Blue
Castiel fit rather nicely in Dean's embrace, his fluffy hair tickled his nose and Dean could feel Castiel’s warm breath against his shoulder. He sighed, or Castiel did, it was hard to tell with how closely they were entangled.
"Jesus, Sam! The wine's in the kitchen! I went in your room to borrow a damn tie last week and I saw it. A) It was hot as balls in your closet and 2) You don't store wine upright, Sam! It woulda got all...musty."
[about me section for text readers: I’m pretty new to all this but here goes...*I am a real vampire.* Okay, now that's out of the way, I'm looking for a boyfriend or girlfriend who's down for blood sucking on a regular basis, maybe as part of sex, maybe not. I think y'all call it Cattle? I guess I'm a bit subby, don't mind bein' bossed around a bit but that don't mean I'm always catchin' if I ain't in the mood. S'pose that makes me a switch. As you can see I'm into wearing a bit of silk and lace now and again. Not essential but I've always been a sucker for blue eyes. 😉]
[MsAngelofThursday] Good Morning
"Hey, no worries. I was expecting a chick too. It's the name, I guess." Dean said.
Cas dragged himself to the kitchen of his shared house, poured a coffee, and not long after he was joined by the adorably handsome, bowlegged slut (affectionate) known as Dean Winchester. The guy was rosy cheeked and chipper as he greeted him.
How was he supposed to know that literally literally meant literally?! He smacked himself in the face.
Dean finally grabbed some coffee and settled in.
Cas pulled back, looking into Dean's eyes with surprise and not a small amount of awe. "That was…nice." He grinned, all gummy and sweet, and Dean, blushing, went back to his neck. He nibbled gently, working the skin and sucking a mark into it before sinking his teeth in without warning. Cas shuddered and Dean watched his eyes roll up into his head then he relaxed, leaning into Dean's body with a sigh.
"Dean! Fuck!"
"Do what? I don't understand? Why-" Dean was cut off by a loud fanfare, presumably announcing his parents presence. He was caught between hiding from them or revealing himself as a liar and a fraud.
"I was gonna be smooth about this but that's not really my style. What's your deal?"
fun."
[MsAngelofThursday] Thank you!
Usually a match would happen with no problems. See, meet, boom, done. Sometimes eyes would meet across a crowded room. The intrepid would leap turnstiles and drop their groceries at checkouts to pursue their soulmate but, sometimes, fate is a fickle bitch who shows you your mate just to hide them away again.
"Cool." Dean said sadly.
He caught Benny's eye in his panic and his friend nodded calmly and mouthed 'Trust me'. Dean gulped and stood his ground next to a confused Castiel.
"Alright then, let's get started…" Dean spun his stylus and got to work.
"Been galavanting again, have you, Dean?" his father asked jovially.
His phone stayed obnoxiously quiet for over an hour until Dean caved.
"Dean." He said, voice low. "While your anticipation is delicious, I would very much like to feed on something a little more…robust?"
“Fuck, Cas,” Dean moaned, his voice making Cas shiver. He could tell Dean was close, his ass tightening around his cock with every thrust. “Please.”
He pulled up the census for Jewell County and stuck in vague search parameters:
Dean dragged a hand over his face. "Well, shit."
"Oh? Not what you expected?" Dean tried to sound casual but had a feeling he failed miserably because Angel hastened to continue.
"What the fuck?!"
"Why are Grace and the others so different from Baby?" He figured the fur was for the chilled North but unsure as to the stoutness of their steeds. Novak chuckled.
Cas nodded.
"Freckles. A beautiful constellation across his perfect skin." Cas sighed dreamily and Dean felt his face flame.
Oh. Sam felt his face grow hot. "Sorry, I'm just confused. What do you want?"
could have prepared him for the man standing on his porch. Tall? Check. Dark? Check. Handsome? Hell's check. Dean spent way longer than he should have just standing and staring at Angelofthirsty dressed head to toe in black. It had Dean seriously rethinking the whole classic vamp look he'd scorned for so long.
"Hey, Sam?" Dean asked suddenly and Sam hummed. "What're you doing for Valentine's Day?"
Dean fired off the usual package (including the price list) then went to put the coffee pot on. The form had been sent back before the first drop had percolated so Dean dove into the answers.
"Not as well as you apparently." The guy answered dryly. "How's Joanna?"
Benny sighed. "Yes, I suppose you're right. What now? He's my best friend but I don't want to fuck this all up. It's well above my pay grade." He shook his head wearily and stood to stretch.
"Morning, Dean." Cas growled. Low and devastatingly sexy. He broke the spell by clearing his throat and Dean's brain kicked into gear.
Sam nudged him. "What have you got so far?"
"His name is Dean, I mean, I think it is." Dean all but whispered.
"You don't know? I probably shouldn't say but you seem the trustworthy sort and it might be a good idea to have a quiet word with sarge." Gabriel looked around the camp before whispering, "He doesn't know it yet but I have it on good authority that Castiel may soon be wed to the Elder Prince of Winchester."
Speaking of…
Ironically, it wasn't Dean's best work but he figured he was getting swept up in the visual so firmly implanted in his brain that his usual fluidity just wasn't the same. He sighed and copied the picture into the FaceMatch database. A few moments passed as Dean leant forward, eager to see. Boop. Nothing. He slumped back. So the guy hadn't uploaded himself to the site.
What in the fuck is that god awful noise? Cas groaned. Rudely awakened at bitch o'clock a-fucking-gain. This time someone was singing? If it could loosely be called singing. Caterwauling with an actually quite nice guitar accompaniment would describe it better. He rolled over to grab his phone and realised it was actually close to ten o'clock. Fine, fair enough. Ten was probably considered a decent time for the sounds of cats mating.
He finally looked up and Dean was struck by his bright blue eyes.
Dean figured he would get a blowjob out of it at least.
"Baby. I've had her for a long time. My mother made a gift of her for my 16th year, my Lord." He patted her and she nickered quietly at his ear. "May I ask a question of you?"
This evening may have taken a weird turn but Castiel was beginning to hope that wasn't a bad thing. The hot guy flirting with him in an enclosed space was definitely a bonus and while it wasn't mapping softly defined abdominal muscles with his tongue, it was…nice. Nice to actually talk to someone that wasn't just 'hey, take off your pants.'
"What? Wow! That was fast. How do you know?" Cas asked excitedly.
As it came in very handy for college work and Where's Waldo pages, Sam had never cursed his ability to take in and memorize a whole bunch of information in one glance before, but now he wished he hadn't even come home after his run and just headed to work in his sweaty shorts. He shuddered and backed away, quickly but quietly closing the door behind him.
While nudist neighbour was out, Sam nosily inspected his apartment. What? He gets bored studying all day! He could see the neat, basic furniture that came with the rental, a few photographs dotted around. The bedroom was pretty bohemian, considering the rest of the apartment, with wall hangings, lanterns and a mandala comforter. He noticed a pride flag hanging on his living room wall too. Obviously not a problem as, despite John Winchester's best efforts, Sam and his brother were firm allies.
A bright shining thing made of love and compassion that acted as a beacon for its counterpart. This other half, (or third, or fourth, or whatever the case may be), could recognise itself instantly. All it needed was eye contact.
Then it happened. The big It. Just as the door of the nearby bus closed with a hydraulic hiss, Dean glanced up, meeting the tired blue eyes of a passenger sitting at the back of the bus. A rainbow didn't shoot out of his ass but it wouldn't have surprised Dean if it did.
Gabriel stared at him for a moment, then another. Entirely too many moments passed before his face twitched.
"I'm sure." Cas mused tiredly. "The accompaniment track was truly beautiful though."
"Nothing, Benny. Nothing at all. I'm fine." Dean insisted, not very convincingly.
Okay, contrary to popular belief, Dean was not an idiot. He realised the coincidences were stacking up but, of course, fate had never treated him this kindly so he held back the feeling of hope threatening to bloom in his chest.
Just as the doors closed, Cas heard a yell and slammed the door open button. A man about his height, clad in a wet leather jacket shouldered his way into the elevator beside Cas with a huff.
When Sam wasn't perving on his neighbour’s interior design, he occasionally
"What the hell, Benny?" Dean spluttered.
"You know this would be a lot less conspicuous if you were to just approach me like a normal human being. Must I always talk to foliage? Besides, there's no-one here," Benny gestured to the yard.
Maybe he didn't want to be. Maybe he didn't like the look of his scruffy and harried soulmate? Dean stopped that train of thought in its tracks and pulled out his phone. He needed his emotional support Charlie -stat.
"I wish she'd get the memo that she's barking up the wrong tree." Dean winked conspiratorially and Cas resisted the urge to giggle behind his hand too.
Impala: <omw>
It had been a few days since the blood bag (and the incident of the blue balls) and Dean was getting a bit peckish.
Dean let out a surprised noise as Cas lifted him into the air, pressing his back against the wall. “Holy fucking shit,” Dean breathed. Dean's spare hand had landed tight on Cas' shoulder so he dipped his head to kiss and nip the long fingers.
"Oh." Sam was speechless beyond that.
"Uh, nope. I didn't see anyone. Naked or otherwise." Dean laughed awkwardly. "So, uh, if you don't mind…" and the door closed in Sam's face.
Dean said his goodbyes quickly, hoping to catch Cas in the kitchen again. He seemed lonely. The guy's girlfriend was never around but he hung out here waiting for her to come back from wherever. Cas seemed pretty cool though. Cute, funny, hot, smart, hot, sassy, hot, yknow. The whole package. The whole friend package, of course.
Dean walked in a bit of a daze to meet Benny, who had requested a spread of meats and cheeses. He picked at his food as Benny devoured his and, upon receiving a curious look from his companion, he loaded his plate more enthusiastically.
Dean stared after him with his mouth—and his pants—hanging open. What the fuck?
"Of course. And I want you to meet mine."
"What's his name, my lord?"
"What the fuck, dude?" Jo was seriously pissed but with the drenched hair and smeared eyeliner she just looked like a grumpy kitten in the rain. Dean just couldn't find it in himself to regret waking her up with a glass of water to the face. Serves her right for snoring her damn head off all night. Yeah, okay, she was doing him a solid, letting him sleep over while he was waiting for some shit in his dorm to get fixed but it wouldn't be family or college without the odd prank. When she reached for her knife, he ran straight to the kitchen, fully intending to bring her back a mug of coffee as a peace offering. That plan derailed when he found himself face to face with a very pretty man. High cheekbones, dark wavy hair and pink lips atop a body that looked like it ran everyday was like Dean catnip so he introduced himself.
[FaceMatchRep] What do you know? I can send you a form with the usual details to prompt you, if you like?
The sound of more tent flaps opening stirred him from his musing and he greeted his traveling companions amiably. He pointed out the food and drink then began to pack. Yes, Dean trusted Benny but he was annoyed at him and feeling really petty, so he began to dismantle the tent around his snoring friend. Serves him right for sleeping in and being an interrupting bastard…wait. Gabriel pushing his nose in…Benny getting under his feet…what the hell weren't they telling him…? What did Castiel want to say…? He absentmindedly yanked at the center pole and the whole roof caved in, leaving him in a confused heap with a very startled commander yelling obscenities at him.
"Huh?" He hadn't heard that name in ages and it took him half a second. "Oh! Jo! Duh. She's okay?"
Cas handed Dean a condom as he ripped the plastic from around the lube bottle and bit his lip as Dean rolled the condom down Cas' cock, only pulling down the front of his pants instead of taking them all the way off like Dean had.
Ruby was Sam's on again off again live-in girlfriend or, maybe, she was more of a friend with benefits. Either way, they lived together despite their…
"Whoa, dude, that's my brother, why exactly are you taking a closer look?"
The men cantered on for a while, pausing here and there to water the horses, only making camp when they had to. Benny had to admit that the best part about traveling with a disguised rich person was the option of a room at an inn wherever they ended up waiting for the rendezvous, in this case, a large town with several to choose from. He dug in his heel. The sooner he found a soft bed, the better.
[BennyBear] I don't have a whole lot of money but I'll pay y'all of it if you find my soulmate.
Smirking was promising. It wasn't anger or disgust. His very gay thoughts reminded Cas to check his phone. No signal. Great. His 'toned abs and tattooed pec hook up' would just have to get back in his beloved car and go home. He sighed.
He was mere steps away from Castiel's tent when he felt a large hand on his shoulder. He expected it to be the captain and he gulped but when he turned he found Benny.
"Yes? Sam? What?"
"This is getting ridiculous." He muttered to himself. Sam knew that it was the guy's right to be naked all the time and maybe he was kinda jealous that he lived with his brother so he couldn't do the same, but the guy has curtains for God's sake. Why the hell didn't he use them?
"Okay, full disclosure. I wasn't waiting for a date. I was waiting to get laid." He shrugged apologetically as he saw the exact moment the penny dropped and it was Dean's turn to laugh.
King John and Queen Mary approached to greet their guests and Dean kept his head bowed. Castiel grabbed his hand and his head shot up, exactly as his parents arrived. His father gave him a slow look from his cut hair to his muddy boots and his mother gasped.
Three days later, the guy stood in his bedroom, back to the window, as steam billowed out of the ensuite. He'd thrown a look over his shoulder, straight at Sam then pulled off his sweater, swiftly followed by his shirt. It was when the guy began to slide his pants over his ass slowly that Sam had come to his senses and hidden.
Dean tried to fill in the Fetlife sign up form as honestly as possible because, while Sam seemed happy to have an insane but gorgeous human hanging around his apartment just for fun times and meal times, Dean was actually looking for something a bit more serious.
"Oh! Um…yes, I can hear you." A deep voice answered and it kinda made Dean tingle all over.
He didn't normally let other people ride his horse but Novak was important and he must be tired. (It also may have had something to do with how pretty Castiel was.)
Fuck. Shit. Terrible fucking timing universe. Way to go. Ordinarily, Dean might have chased the bus down, sat next to the guy and flirted his ass off but his little brother was 'banged up' somewhere nearby and Dean was confident he could find the guy—it was his job for fucks sake—but he still felt like absolute shit when he tore his eyes away and hightailed it towards the inpatient entrance.
Um, okay. This guy was weird but Dean kept thinking about that picture and his unease was eclipsed by a surge of
"It's a concern, isn't it? How far they've both fallen in so short a time." He sighed dramatically. "If only Cassie wasn't destined for marriage." Benny turned to look at Gabriel so fast his neck hurt.
[FaceMatchRep] Of course! I guess you've tried the basic package? Top package includes a sketch and/or investigating her whereabouts then reaching out electronically. I see you've filled out our form. Do you have time right now for a sketch? I'll share my screen and we'll talk it out. Just like the movies, okay?
Dean narrowed his eyes at the cocky son of a bitch, wrapped his hand around Cas' where they still lay entwined on the table between them and pulled, hard. Cas was dragged from his chair and landed in Dean's lap with an oof.
He thought for a moment.
"Yeah, sort it out, will you?" Dean tossed him a small bag of coin, "I'll get these two fixed up."
Dean leant back in his chair to check she had gone before leaning in towards Cas.
Dean wanted to go back to college after dropping out to look after his family. Cas was happy with his career but shared his woes about meeting someone to maybe start his own family. Dean had smiled softly at that then launched into a story about his brother and his wife expecting their first baby, even pulling out his phone and moving closer to show Cas a sonogram.
For some reason, Cas frowned. "Um, I live here with…" A commotion from the main entrance interrupted him and he jumped up. Becky's on again off again boyfriend was at the door. Bearded, dishevelled and shouting.
"Hey, Cas."
Sam knew he had to do something more extreme when the most recent occurrence was definitely not a coincidence. No matter how he had tried to spin it, this really was not as easily dismissed as an accident as the others. Sam's jaw dropped as the guy stood in the same position as when he had first waved, forearm pressed to the glass and his head down. This time though, he had a hand wrapped around himself. Down there.
"Do you really think you could sneak out and run about for nearly your entire life without us knowing about it? You weren't exactly subtle. Besides, Sam told us." Mary said softly.
A figure stood murmuring to a short, stocky, pony leaning down to pet its muzzle affectionately—a man, judging by the low rumble, dressed simply in winter clothing—and Dean continued to wipe down the horses until the groom appeared and he flipped him a silver to finish up.
He'd almost given up on finding a partner in his many years 'alive', because not only were most vampires related and your average human wasn't exactly okay with the whole blood thing, but other non-humans came with their own set of rules and baggage that rarely matched up with his.
He braved the rain, running full pelt to the store to find the shelves near empty. He looked around, just noticing the harried people clutching tins and toilet paper to their chests. A TV behind the cashier declared a category three storm warning that had sprung up from nowhere. Damn it. Cas grabbed what he could—some dry pasta, soup, water, chips, facial tissues (better than nothing) and some extras of what he came for because why not.
"Good evening, stranger. What brings you here so late?" Dean said, always eager to greet new people.
Two sleepless nights later found Dean waiting at the stables an hour before dawn and his excitement to leave the kingdom was palpable. He'd told his parents that he was hunting to the East and would be gone a while, using a cabin his uncle had built to avoid the sociability of court, to live in. His family were used to his 'hunting' trips as he would regularly leave for a few days at a time with his horse and return tired. What they didn't know was that Dean wasn't hunting; he was exploring. He had traveled throughout the kingdom disguised as a guard, his helmet doing most of the job. Benny covering for him helped too. This time, however, he wouldn't be able to avoid showing his face, and luckily, the only depictions of him were bland portraits. He assumed the people of another kingdom would have seen poor reproductions at best, yet he cropped his hair into the styles coming in from people of the warmer climates and had raided his steward’s wardrobe for simpler furs and clothing. The armor he wore was the very same he had used since he was 18 when Benny had taken him out on his first secret patrol. A quick summons of Miss Ouiri, the cook, provided him with ample rations and with a twinkle in her eye she had wished him luck.
A flurry of movement drew Sam's attention across the street. Castiel's guest had arrived and Sam could see their feet at the open front door and Castiel was bouncing on his toes, obviously excited for his date. The date that stepped forward revealing denim covered legs. Denim covered bow legs. Sam could have slapped himself. Goddamn it. Dean.
The man wore a suit and tie, and some kind of brown overcoat, which he shrugged off and hung neatly by his door and looked as normal as anyone can look on the outside, he supposed.
"You said that." Cas pointed out between breaths. "And I concur." He craned his neck to look at Dean and grinned then dropped his head back, exhausted, sated, content.
Sam smirked. "I'd avoid DemonMiss, too. I know you've never liked Ruby."
Anyway, the Ms part of Angel's handle wasn't promising but who knows. He packed all that back up inside his internal duffel and grabbed his stylus.
"I'm sure. The accompanying track was truly beautiful though."
"Dean! Pst." Sam nonsensically whisper yelled. "Dean, goddammit!" He must have grabbed another shift, Sam swivelled on his belly and crawled back to his room to lie on the floor and pretend windows didn't exist.
Dean grabbed Castiel by the arm and dragged him into his room and closed the door. Sam stood staring at the wood for a moment before frowning and going to his own room. He supposed that could have been worse. Sam must have been mistaken or it's a huge coincidence. Either way, Sam intended to avoid the guy who he may or may not have seen naked so many times.
Cas snorted, no longer cursing himself for not being prepared earlier, and moved back in for more kisses.
Dean cleared his dry throat and Angel's head shot up, his blue eyes intense against his reddened cheeks.
"We have to stop meeting like this." Dean laughed at his own joke (like a fucking idiot) but thankfully, Cas actually laughed too.
Dean took a deep breath he didn't need and closed his eyes. His phone buzzed.
Race Caucasion
Cas had the only ensuite and the girls shared the other two bathrooms. The tenants got a good deal in exchange for revamping their own spaces and pitching in to do stuff the bigger sororities all paid for, like gardeners and cleaners. Cas and Anna liked to think of it as more of a commune than a business.
"So, uh. What's your story, Cas? You mentioned you're a philosophy major, right? Do you live on campus?" Dean asked, aiming for casual.
The guard sighed and cast an eye around the open yard. "Fine. We're sending a patrol of two to join their two at Wintervale then all four guards and the sovereign will come back here. You'll need to disguise yourself, at least a little. Cut that damn hair, maybe?"
Cas snorted inelegantly. "Netflix." He said airily. "and chilling..." Cas added under his breath.
"Yeah, yeah, bitch. Now get out of my house. I'll see you later." Dean shoved and flapped at his giant brother until he was hopping off the porch of Dean's Queen Ann and disappearing into the nearby trees at a jog. Dean shook his head. It's not like the undead needed to exercise, Sam was just showing off.
"I…uh...have a date." Dean checked his own phone. "Well, I had a date. No signal." He shrugged. "Wasn't meant to be, I guess."
"Was that Lisa's 'singing' I heard a little while ago?" he finger quoted. Dork. "Smooth move."
"Hello, Mr Winchester?"
"I see. My name is Castiel and that is 'em ess'. As in, I have a Masters degree. I don't know why I put that. AngelofThursday was apparently taken." Dean could almost hear the guy shrug.
"Do it. Fuck my face. You'll come when I let you." Cas ordered then opened his mouth wide. Dean carefully lowered himself onto the waiting tongue but Cas grabbed him by the hips and pulled him down, forcing his cock deep into the tight channel of Cas' throat.
"Cas. I'm the eldest prince. Those are my parents. I'm sorry I didn't tell you before, I couldn't at first but then it went too far, then Gabriel kept keeping you busy and…" Dean trailed off when he noticed Castiel was grinning madly at him. "What?"
Dean stared up at his brother, finally putting two and two together to make a total he certainly didn't want to imagine.
The guy's eyes widened. "I-I mean, I was expecting…um...black roses?"
*ping*
The doors slid shut and the elevator jerked upwards with a groan. Cas watched the numbers rise and tried to sneak a look at the man in the shiny doors. The lights flickered and they both turned wide eyes on each other. They flickered again, off for longer this time and Cas considered stopping on the next floor just in case. He reached for the button but the lift ground to a halt, leaving them between floors so he hit the call button instead.
Dean threw his hands in the air. "Oh, that's alright then!"
"Okay, you saw him at the hospital from the bus. Does that sound right?"
"Yuh huh, head shape? Does he remind you of anyone?"
"Ah! What's this!" He boomed. "Found a friend on the way did you?" There was a twinkle in John's eye that made Dean uncomfortable. He was very confused right now and needed a drink but he took a deep breath and turned to Castiel.
[BennyBear] Hi.
visitor, he might need to do a bit of work on his modest home. He certainly had the money for more, being immortal certainly had its financial benefits, but he enjoyed the semi-anonymity of a small urban house in a tiny city. Neighbours didn't care or pry, postal workers changed all the time, and there were enough bars to not make himself a regular anywhere. It was safe but was starting to get a bit lonely. Hopefully this was a step in the right direction.
"Yeah, you could say that." He chuckled to himself as he stood, rinsed out his mug and grabbed his guitar. "Catch you later, Cas."
The days passed as they travelled slowly south, stopping every night to fortify and rest. Dean and Benny rode through the night at a brisk pace on their way North but their companion's horses were small and their packs heavy so the route back was a fair bit longer. Dean found the Northerners relaxed as they grew more acquainted and laughing around the campfire each night to imbibe a bit too much of Balthazar's excellent honey mead certainly helped. Formal and uptight Anya surprised them by pulling out a lute and entertaining them with a soft, sweet singing voice.
"Not looking for a girlfriend?" Cas asked in lieu of doing something stupid like wax lyrical about those damn freckles. Dean threw his head back in a full bodied laugh.
Cas tore his eyes away to look around at the floor smeared with footprints. Sitting on it was one thing but fucking on it was just unsanitary. Cas voiced as much and was warmed to see Dean look at him like he'd hung the moon.
, Novak," Dean says, turning his attention to Castiel, smirking, which earns quite a cheer from everyone.
"I don't know, brother. Doesn't feels right."
They shared the same high school in sophomore year, but never talked. Still, Castiel remembers everything clearly. The new kid, Dean, the best soccer player on the team, the handsome looking guy, the center of gossip around every corner of school, but, unfortunately, he didn't stick around for long. Whatever black magic he used on everyone turned out well because every freaking person missed his presence. No kidding. Every freaking one of them. Except for Castiel. Well, he had his reasons. For starters, he was friends with Alastair, his bully and second being-
Let me know how's it going. Kudos are always appreciated.
Monday morning. Dean is walking alone down the corridor, mind buried in thoughts. Since the beginning of the semester, he has only shown up in three, maybe four of his literature classes. He still doesn't know why he opted for English for his minor, maybe because Sammy was always on his ass and, with getting his ass into the whole engineering thing, he couldn't have cared any less about selecting a suitable minor.
Guarding the door, Dean says, "I will cut the deal short for you. I will consider opening the door if you ask me politely."
Last night was tiring as hell for Castiel. Taking a day off seems like a nice plan. He isn't quite satisfied with the truce of yesterday, the leather jacket reminds him of jocks and bullies from high school, but Dean loves that thing and taking it away from him forever seems like a good way to take revenge.
Dean playfully calls Castiel sunshine and Castiel takes it seriously.
he calls out a bit louder, patting against his cheeks, his skin, incredibly pale.
I would like to begin with a big shout out to my personal cheerleader and my very first reader Gii, she helped me a lot through this fic, she invested her time to beta for this fic and listened to me whine, here is her tumblr,
. It's dark outside.
"We don't know him yet. Except for his temper. He will stab you after this, for sure," Crowley says.
How was it? Let me know in the comments.
As the day proceeds, Dean gets better and he waves goodbye to Benny somewhere around in the afternoon, thanks to those aspirins, which were helpful for recovering from the hangover, and he picks up some bits of faded memories from yesterday. He tries to recall last night, of Cas driving them home, but he's still missing the most part, mainly the details. In the meantime, he goes out for grocery shopping, calling Sam on the way, and, by the time he returns, he finds Castiel sitting on the living room couch in his regular T-shirt.
Dean chimes in to help his brother understand the story. “He found an abandoned cat and wants to keep it as a pet.”
Dean paid for that food with real money, and that cat is just gonna smell it and leave it out? That's not happening; not on Dean's watch. When Sprinkles doesn't eat the food even after several seconds passes, Dean finds himself saying, “Eat it, you monster!”
. Bye."
took it as a challenge when he said the day couldn't get any worse. "Are you
"No. I mean, just a few. By the way, Michael's sweet."
This isn’t his bed.
"WAKE UP!!" Dean shouts, coming closer.
"Here," Dean tries again, sliding a plate with a sandwich towards Castiel, as a peace offering. "I made some for you too." Dean gives him a forced smile.
Castiel only heard Dean saying something once they were out but he can’t care any less, he needs to get out from there. Walking away, Castiel trudges into the washroom. He splashes some water on his face. Once. Twice. Tired of everyone's shit, he stares back at the reflection in front of him, he looks like a mess. Running a hand through his hair, he sighs at dark circles marking his skin as he tosses away the napkin, wiping the freshness away from his face.
Castiel wrinkles his face at Dean, rolling his eyes,
He shifts a little, trying to get himself more comfortable.
Dean only sticks around with them for one drink and then he’s gone, which is a relief because Garth, Charlie and even Kevin are giving Cas weird looks. They heard everything Dean just said and now they think he's sweet. If only they know what a monster he really is.
It's been a long day. Stumbling into Dean twice was terrifying, but he was courageous enough. Green eyes staring down at him. He looked different up close. For almost a month, Castiel did a great job avoiding Dean on the college campus. They don't share any classes apart from language, which is fine because Dean never shows up there anyway.
"Yeah. No moving out if there's no place to go," Dean says calmly from the other side of the door.
Sitting opposite to Castiel, Dean finds it hard not to look at the lips licking the sauce away. "I know." Taking a bite of his own, Dean says, "I always made it for Sammy when we were young and Dad was away."
Huffing a dry laugh in between, Dean says, resting his head on the window glass, "You won't talk to me like this unless I'm drunk."
"You don't have to
Does he
"Why wouldn't I be?" He yawns, exhausted, rolling over, rubbing his eyes.
Dean walks over to Cas who snaps his head up in curiosity, giving a wide smile to Dean and warming his heart. Ripping the packet open, Dean empties the food into the small container so it is easily accessible for the cat as Cas lets the creature down from his lap.
A pause of…
"In that case, I'm always here," Dean says, throwing a wink at Castiel.
There aren't many people around, just a few scattered around the huge campus. However, being early means more time for reading the novel. Fishing out the book as soon as he's inside, Castiel begins walking up the staircase of the empty building, which will soon be crowded with depressed students wearing worn out eyes and anxiety issues. Engrossed in the book, he's least aware of his surroundings; it's empty anyway.
It's Jensen's Birthday and I am back with a little treat. I hope he is living his best days. Happy 43rd Birthday Jensen.
he thinks at witnessing Mr. Accent clutching Cas' thigh with his filthy hands. Why isn't Cas freaking saying anything? He can only hope the class ends soon.
"Says the guy who falls for every girl he lays eyes on."
Dean snorts a laugh at the retort, dropping his head as he feels Castiel snuggling close to his side, chasing the warmth. Cas is cold and Dean doesn’t think twice before removing his jacket and covering Cas with it.
"Castiel?"
"I won't go to see the apartment. Let me out," Castiel tries convincing him, voice softening. The last thing he wants is to spend the next hour in this dump, knowing he’ll get nauseous if he looks down from the edge.
Jeez. Feels like a panel of idiots is judging him. "Are you sure about this?" Benny is the first to ask?
And I'm really happy for Jensen. That man truly deserved the award.
The unexpected happens, interrupting their conversation when Dean exclaims, "Score!", smashing the pie on someone’s face, cheering for himself.
"You can't be serious," Dean says, looking over the hood of the Impala with tears in his eyes.
Dean can’t watch Cas like this anymore, it hurts to see him like this. "Cas," Dean whispers low, the only word he knows, almost breathlessly.
Still not talking. Dean has no choice. His free hand finds its way back to hold Castiel's jaw. And, this time, he refrains from releasing his grip as he works on the cleaning.
"Very well then, you may take your seat."
Castiel swallows, his expression shifts to surprise when he spares a glance at Dean before casting it back on the road. He was feeling mildly sad for the man but he remained clueless thinking of the deliberate attempts he has made in the past few days.
"He is from England."
Dean stares at him in silence. He never had a permanent school, he used to move around a lot. Never got the chance to stick around more than a month, changing school was the same as changing a new outfit, too many places, too many people, too many fights. Except for Sammy, nothing in his life has been constant so far.
"Your brother is still alive and kicking, I ain't done nothing to him, and I'm Dean by the way," snaps Dean, thinking the whole family is crazy.
There was a bit of a situation with the tenses in this one and I'm freaking out so if there's anything that need to be changed let me know in the comments.
"I'm in no place to talk right now, Sammy."
They sit  like that for a moment. Low sound coming from the TV filling in the silence of the room as Dean's gaze flickers over to Castiel, who's murmuring something inaudible under his breath which Dean assumes it to be a curse dedicated just for him or that he's just complaining as usual. Today is the most he has talked to Cas. He doesn't want to spoil it so he settles on, staying quiet.
Dean wasn't prepared for anything like that to happen when Castiel crashes right into him, cutting him off mid-sentence and throwing him stumbling back, misbalanced, but, luckily enough, he manages to get control and prevent himself from falling back, unlike Castiel, who slips halfway through, causing Dean to catch him and keep him from falling all the way down.
"I just wanted him to know I'm not like before. I can stand up for myself." Castiel looks up at Dean before averting his eyes to the floor.
"Not exactly rich but I would say religious."
Dean can't sit through that animal shit any longer. Next time Dean's arm leaves the armrest it's mainly out of curiosity and boredom, also thinking to get hold of Castiel's word before he could snap back and piss him off with an appropriate comment.
Castiel pauses, looking between Dean and the bags.
By now, the fight has already caught the attention of the crowd inside, some people have even gotten out to cheer. Dean is inside with Lisa when Charlie approaches him. "Your roommate has picked up a fight with Alastair, you gotta help me stop him."
Bobby rented me the place."
Dean is biting his inner cheeks, trying so hard not to laugh, as he listens to Castiel carefully, when he speaks again. "And it wasn't 5 years, Michael knew from the beginning, we never told you because I never trusted you with it."
Dean is crazy and his friend is crazy too.
"Give it to me," Castiel demands, the last thing he wants is Dean teaming up with Gabe.
, so, of course, he's making fun of him. He's doing it on purpose, knowing how much it irritates Castiel. And he doesn't stop there. He had to wink at him, earning yet another round of cheer from Charlie mainly and a wide eye glare from Castiel. He doesn’t like anyone talking to him like this. It makes him feel a bit uncomfortable.
Cas shifts his chair away from Dean. “Sam, please tell your brother to go away. I do not want to talk to him or see his face ever again.”
After hearing his name in a moan. Dean is quite satisfied. Finding Cas' weak spot blossoms his heart full of joy. He pulls away slowly, leaving the spot red and wet, while taking a moment to admire Cas, who resisted him so much but is now leaning on him, eyes shut and panting through parted lips, making him think Cas may not show but he craves affection so much, just like anyone else.
He kicked the door for God knows how long until his knee gave up. Nothing happened. Except it only caused the chilly winds to irritably pierce his skin. Maybe this is it. This is how he will die. Both of his arms were sore by rushing into the door hoping to break through. His legs hurt, his arms hurt, his back felt similar to someone in their 70’s.
“No!” Castiel protests in an instant. "You know what I mean." Dean gives a confused look, waiting for Castiel to elaborate on his part. “Getting drunk everyday,” Running a hand through his already messy hair, Castiel sighs and Dean pretend not to notice how hot he looks in those disheveled sex hair.
"Hit me."
His eyes wander around the room, looking everywhere but Dean. The best possible solution he can think of is to avoid meeting Dean's gaze, although a part of him knows he can't avoid it for too long. As Dean moves closer and closer with every passing second, he leans back until his support is replaced by an elbow and his head finally falls on the armrest held captive underneath Dean.
Cas looks at Dean with soft, pleading eyes. Normally, it would melt Dean's heart but not today. He has to stay strong. God. If Cas continues to use his puppy eyes, Dean is gonna break any moment.
Dean closes the gap, seizing the opportunity, and his forehead slightly brushes with Cas' in the process and his breath kinda tickles around Cas' ear as he lies there helplessly underneath, when Dean says in a hushed tone, "Is this your weakness?"
"Good for you, Cas."
He crouches down next to him, not quite certain of what really happened here; maybe Cas was having a bad dream or a nightmare when he scared him away.
"Dude, bartenders are for flirting, that's kind of their job. Don't tell me you didn't know that."
"Wait, I'm not finished yet" Dean flinches, taking the phone away from Cas.
"Don't be, I've still got Bobby. He's friends with my Dad, he's like family. When Dad was not around, he was always there for us, he even gave me the job," Dean replies, taking a mouthful bite. "What?" Dean says chewing, earning a disgusted look from Castiel.
"Don't ya like hangin out with me?"
Does Castiel still hate him? Dean has made so many efforts to get to know Cas, to make him open up, to make him comfortable, to make him feel safe, make him feel home. Dean practically snarls at Castiel, watching all that hard work go in vain, his hands curl into a tight fist, his temper builds up like a dynamite, which will explode down the whole washroom.
I'm not telling anything because spoilers. And find somewhere quiet and read the chapter all at once without any interruption. (By the end of it I hope you say, Hot Damn.)
At that moment Castiel really wishes for a serial killer. Taking a bullet in the head seems like a nice plan, it would be even more fantastic if the gun was aimed at Dean first. Castiel would make some popcorn and enjoy the show as Dean gets shot, after all, dealing with a serial killer is a much better option than being tortured by Dean's warm breath tickling around his neck.
"Screw Crush. Hate the guy already."
he lunges forward.
"I tried waiting for you to get up by yourself, but it was getting late," Castiel says nonchalantly.
Charlie grabs a seat when the professor walks in, putting an end to their conversation.
Dean's actions are childish and immature but the intentions behind them are true. "You shut me off all the time, Cas, but you are different when I get drunk," he says evidently.
"Let me in," Castiel says in a plain tone.
"I'm not throwing you out, we are home," Castiel says, helping Benny out, and leans him on the Impala before doing the same for Dean.
"Looking
"Screw this," he mumbles before marching back down.
"At this hour, no one comes in. I've bought us a few minutes of peace," Benny replies, looking over and smiling as Dean hides behind the door.
"Ouch," is all Cas can get out when his head hits the floor.
If you all forgot, CAS CAN DEFEND HIMSELF, keep this in mind while reading (I'll put things like this in notes, okay.) This is the one I was talking about, please do tell me about it, I've put a lot of work here.
The punch brakes some of Dean’s blood vessels, the blood dripping down his chin. Dean also stumbles back from the impact, staring at Castiel with wide eye
. There was a faint blush raising his cheeks when everyone around him cheered before he schooled his features back to serious. That is a great compliment but it's coming from
"Morning, sunshine," Dean greets, only to get ignored.
Next chapter will be up by 12th Jan.
Why does Dean keep on pushing the matter? Castiel has already waved it off before, he has made himself clear: he doesn't wanna talk about anything. Why is it so difficult for Dean to understand that? Castiel is too tired to have any conversation with Dean right now. He doesn't need an apology from Dean nor does he feel the need to give any explanation about Arthur. What's done is done. Castiel is a grown adult, he can make his own damn choices, what he does with his life is not anyone's business, especially not Dean's.
Stumbling out of the room, he approaches the front door. Hoping to peep his head out, he opens a little crack, but he didn't expect a fully grown adult to be leaning on it, falling on him as soon as the door opens slightly.
"Getting him some ice won't hurt," Crowley proposes, rising from his seat, followed by Benny.
"I-I'm sorry Cas, I didn't know that," Dean feels guilty for crossing the line there, he knows what it's like to grow up without having a mother around. "And your dad?" Dean questions, seeming curious, quite amazed actually, because dinner talks don't normally happen between them.
“We already have you to sit there and be grumpy. We don't need a cat for that,” Dean says, searching for a knife.
"I don't want to talk about it."
(See the end of the chapter for
“Okie dokie.” Dean chuckles.
"What's your problem, dude?"
"Who?" Dean asks, seemingly concerned for Cas. The guy is a complete stranger, next thing he knows he's using Cas, engaging him in drug activities or to fulfil his desires. Wait. He's just overthinking it. It's completely normal.
Dean takes a look at Cas, not to argue but, well, he does look damn hot with those glasses on.
"I promise," comes a low voice from the other side.
He prepares himself for what he's about to do next. The moment Castiel's attention is back on the TV, Dean finds himself leaning forward towards him and he continues on the effort, knowing the panic he is sending Castiel into.
(See the end of the chapter for
when he finds a familiar face, sinking down in the seat, trying to avoid being spotted.
, Castiel thinks, giving a
"You are already buying me dinner."
"Whatever, now you've got only me. So, how are things going with Dean-O over there, is he hot?"
It’s around evening when Dean's phone buzzes with Sam calling, and waking him up from his slumber. Something tingles on the side of his cheek. He looks down and sees Cas and his messy hair. Frowning, he's not surprised to find Cas gripping his shirt and his other arm still around him. He doesn't remember falling asleep like that. Dean shifts, fishing out the cell phone from his pocket without disturbing Cas.
“It's not a thing, Dean. It's a cat and it's name is Mr. Sprinkles,” Cas says, giving Dean a stern look and changing his tone the second he talks to Mr. Sprinkles. “Yes it is,” he says, the same way someone would talk to a baby.
His vision was quite disrupted when he saw Michael, his brother. He was talking to him but Castiel couldn’t understand anything, the words hard to make out. He felt sleepy, maybe he could rest just a little. He wondered if this is what it felt like dying, and, before his eyes fell shut again, he heard Michael's voice, soft and tender as always.
"Squirrel’s got a little crush," Crowley chimes in.
A quarter past seven. Dean is becoming restless, lingering inside is doing no good so far. He tried calling his cell but it went straight to voicemail. He shouldn't have pushed it, he curses himself for acting the way he did. It's cold out there and Cas' doesn't have anything warm, he left in that thin T-shirt. He hates himself right now.
"Cas?" He asks, voice low, lips close to Cas' ear, his forehead lightly brushing the side of Cas' head. Castiel doesn't move at all, apart from holding his breath when Dean calls his name and releasing it real quick, which would go unnoticed if Dean wasn't this close. Still, he avoids looking, no eye contact, nothing. Sighing on his defeat, Dean drops his head, hooking his chin on Cas' shoulder as he watches the long slender fingers work.
“Yeah. Okay,” Dean agrees.
That is enough drama for today. "I'm going to make us dinner and you can settle back in without disturbing me and return the shampoo back to the bathroom," Dean informs.
"Yeah, we should get going, Liz," Dean says, wrapping up with his cooking.
"I have my reasons."
"He is not my boyfriend!" Castiel shouts, jumping a little to reach for the hand holding the phone above their head.
Choking on air on hearing the clamouring response,
, and that was enough to make Castiel walk away.
Tell me how was it in the comments. Are you enjoying it so far?
"I am warning you. Keep your filthy hands off my things, Winchester." Rising to his feet, Castiel leans forward, threatening, hands on counter, eyes cold, voice harsh, as if he's about to  throw another punch. To Dean's relief, Castiel's phone buzzes, interrupting the threat, and he stumbles out hurrying.
"Hey, you're alive," Benny says.
Castiel does respond, clenching his fist and moved super fast towards Dean. He gets right into his personal space, drawing himself to his full height, he stops centimetres away from Dean’s face, staring at him, piercing him with an intense gaze. A long moment passes by, both of them standing stubbornly. Normally, Dean would flinch or back off but he's giving a tough competition this time. His drowsy green eyes wander down to his lips before meeting up again.
He needs to get out of here, he can't stand the presence of Dean right now, and, before Dean can say anything more, Castiel rushes out with hurt in his eyes and a rage in his heart, not caring about Dean calling his name, he barges out the front door.
The knife falls from Cas' hand, resonating a clattering sound in the silence of the place as he tries to hold back his urge to push himself against Dean when he sucks on a sensitive spot. Cas makes a small noise of surprise, a gasp, biting his lips, "Mmm," a small moan escapes Castiel's lips. He shouldn't desire this.
"You sneaked glances at
Running late on the schedule due to yesterday's hangover, Dean somehow manages to catch up with the classes after lunch. He’s getting out of his last class with Crowley and Benny when he catches a glimpse of his grumpy roommate walking down the empty corridor all by himself. Breaking from the conversation Dean excuses himself waving both of them a goodbye.
Wrong move, Dean. His mind slaps his thoughts when the traces of the smile fade away from Castiel's face and he pulls up the straight face back again. "It suits you," Dean adds quickly.
There's a feeling of pride filling Dean, he feels like a conqueror after knowing the fact that being intimidated makes Castiel so uncomfortable that he can barely even look in the eye anymore when they are this close. It feels like victory.
Dean barks out, pressing a hand on his forehead while lying down on the floor.
"I called my brother, he gave me this number for emergencies and he's not answering his cell, what did you do to him?" the man says from the other end of the phone.
“...What? You mean sitting here and looking pretty? Are you distracted, Cas?” he pouts, leaning in.
"Little Cassie is scared?"
. He sighs. "How long are you gonna do this?"
Sitting silently, Dean flings out his arm in hopes of grabbing the remote but Cas jerks his hand away. "Real mature of you ,Dean," he says bluntly, keeping a straight face staring at the TV in front of him, not sparing any glances at Dean.
as Dean leans on his shoulder
No. I do not have a thing for Deancas falling on each other. I wrote the thing and I forgot it and I didn't realised it until now. A little heads up it will happen one last time in near future. Don't judge me guys. I just have a bad memory :/
"Give it back, Dean, give it to me," he says, struggling to reach for the phone while Dean huffs a laugh, running to the other side of the room, trying his best to keep the phone away from Cas.
In spite of biting the inside of his mouth to resist making any sound, Castiel fails when the alcohol stings his skin. "Ouch," he makes soft noise, closing his eyes when Dean begins cleaning up.
(See the end of the chapter for
"About what?"
To Dean's surprise, Castiel is now wide awake to notice the unusual turn. "I will kill you if you're kidnapping me."
“Then, what's the problem?” Sam asks. Just another day playing mediator to settle the dispute between his brother and the angel.
"I taste like it too," pouts Dean, realising Cas is way too close, a smile plays along his lips when he remembers how the other man has issues with maintaining appropriate personal space.
In the end, Dean is thrown out by the librarian in charge because Castiel refused to recognize him, saying with a straight face, "I do not know this man."
look with his grumpy face, while the other man is busy smiling at him. There is no use of saying anything to him right now, because, with that much booze, he won't remember anything by tomorrow, and Castiel decides to save everything he wants to yell about until the next day.
They finally found one. Dean turns off the ignition, parking the baby in front of the diner.
"Brother, he will throw us out," worries Benny after receiving the threat.
Something in the back of his mind keeps him awake. Castiel stands on the balcony, hands on the cold railing, his warm feet gradually matching the temperature of the floor. The wind is bitterly cold out here, but he doesn't bother putting another layer over his pyjamas.
In the background, a common house phone rings, grabbing their attention. Courtesy of Bobby.
pissed.
The bartender, Alfie, is quite familiar with him as he had called Castiel before when Dean was drunk. "Yeah, I know the guy, always helps your drunk ass out of perdition."
"Shut up!"
Dean leans in slowly, looking back at the angel's sparking eyes, tightening his one arm around the angel's waist and other at the blue tie. He tugs at the tie and pulls Castiel in as he closes the small gap between them, claiming the angel's lips in a tender kiss and Cas kisses him back just as fondly.
Castiel barely manages to look up when someone crashes into him, sending him flying down the stairs. The impact is all too sudden, his left foot should have extended on a step beneath to take his weight, but, instead, it settled at the edge of the step, causing him to slip, he lost the book long ago when the survival instinct kicked in, causing him to clutch the nearest possible source of safety, which happens to be a flannel crumpling in his fist.
Frowning, Dean asks, "You paid for my flirting?"
“I need help to figure this out,” Dean says.
He finally brings up the courage to speak only to get cut off, "I, umm—"
Never coming back here again. Never. And he is definitely not bringing Cas along. These people have cats lying out here in the open. It should be considered a crime.
"Well, well, well, look who finally decided to show up," Ms. Beverly says, pulling up her English accent, interrupting his search.
And, unlike the metal door from the rooftop, this one is a wooden door, pretty fragile and an old one, which will make his job easy.
Enjoy!
"I will call you," he parts his way, assuring Lisa this isn't over before he proceeds to follow Charlie.
"Leave me, take him instead, save him," Dean says dramatically.
“Cas, I—”
Well, that was a little helpful. “But aren't you allergic to cats?”
And then they were friends.
"YES!" replies a deep voice from Cas' left.
And a little heads up. This fic is gonna be more than 15 chapters. I still have to plan out the endings, I have written only a rough first draft. Also, I want you guys to know no matter how late it gets I will always come back. I know I am terrible at the updates.
This man is so unbearable. And mean. Castiel thinks, narrowing eyes in disgust. Except for thanking him for making breakfast, Dean is making fun of him, as always. "Your love is beyond my wisdom, sweetheart," Cas plasters a smile, his voice dripping with sarcasm, swallowing down the hate, on the verge of burning the kitchen with his anger, he replies, playing along.
Castiel hears his name, something about the way Dean says it, not with anger but a gentle softness, which causes him to open his eyes, slowly, he takes his time, still terrified from inside of what Dean might do and for the first time he tries to shift his head to follow the faint voice, his cheek brushes with Dean's stubble lightly when he hears another low whisper in his ear, which sounds much of like an apology.
Dean snort another laugh before giving his order of a grill cheese sandwich, a pie and a milkshake. And when Castiel puts down the menu without ordering anything like the grumpy idiot he is, while staring endlessly from the window, ignoring Dean completely, Dean orders the same for him along with a hot chocolate, hoping to earn forgiveness.
Dean's little experiment is failing. Disappointment hits differently when Cas ignores him the way he ignores speed limit, he's supposed to push him away or at least put up a fight, instead, he's still standing there, no words spoken, just busy perfecting the goddamn toast, not paying attention to him at all.
” He braces himself for what he is about to do next, laying everything out on the table. At least Sammy was on the call when he was laughing, these idiots are laughing right in front of him, asking if that's why he was rubbing his forehead the whole time during the lecture.
"I'll never hurt you again," Dean whispers like a promise before letting go completely.
"I'm not kissing you, Dean, and I'm not kissing anyone you bring, so let it go."
How long did he sleep?
Castiel isn't blushing.
Cas' head tilts to the side, wearing strange confusion. The other man stares back, not sure what to say. Except that he finds his weird habit of tilting the head quite adorable. His hand still lingers on Castiel's waist. He glares back, eyes drawing down briefly to beautiful, soft, pink lips, which are so close. Dean's mind is lost in its own thoughts, wondering what Cas might taste like, that he totally forgets he’s staring at him openly.
"I don't need anyone to look out for me. And, as I said already, it's none of your business, Winchester," Castiel grits low in response.
Maybe the cat is not that bad.
"So your family's rich."
With Dean's chin resting on his shoulder. He tries focusing away, looking down at his hands.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Then what's the problem?" Gabriel shouts, being dramatic.
You are my problem. Winchester."
Castiel doesn’t eat once the waitress brings in their order. The smell of freshly grilled sandwich is making his stomach growl but he refrains from eating anything, and simply fold his hand as he studies the dark street from the window.
Giving him a hard glare, Castiel continues, "I'm serious Dean, I'm not picking you up from any bar, I'm not paying for your drinks and flirting or even carrying you to bed anymore, I have more important things to do."
Running a hand through Dean's hair, Castiel slowly brings his palm all the way down, cupping Dean’s cheek. "You know I can't," he sighs.
Stumbling away, Castiel growls in anger,
as it goes into emergency mode. Shouldn't have gone there. What was he even thinking? As a matter of fact, he wasn't thinking at all when he uttered out the first thing that popped in his mind in the haste of talking to Cas. Slapping his thoughts, he scolds himself;
"Mr Novak and Mr Winchester. OUT!"
Of course it's Dean, who else would it be? One hand is gripping Castiel by his shoulder while the other is crumpling his T-shirt and Dean is on top of him. Yet again.
Some of you wanted to murder Dean, called him a dickbag and pain in the ass in the first few chapters but look he is a nice guy too so we might have to tolerate his misbehaviour. Our boy is not perfect but he is nice. He will come around.
Castiel yells, louder than before.
"Okay-Okay," snorting in between, finally Sam stops giggling. "You don't know why he hates you. So don't be mean. Stick around. Make it right, because you can always be mean later on."
With a smirk, Dean takes a step forward, building up the charm, and advances on Castiel, who refuses to back down. Castiel swallows thickly when he stops right in front of him. The same time lights go off to dimly lit as faint music starts buzzing in the background.
“Dean, I am pretty sure that doesn't mean anything,” Sam says.
Dean knows Cas must be around here somewhere because he didn't hear the flutter of wings. He tries yelling Cas' name a few times but there is no response. Dean is not panicking but his guard is up. There could be a demon around here somewhere, hiding in the dark. Searching for possible threats and hoping to find the angel, Dean walks up a narrow alleyway. He sighs in relief when his gaze lands upon the dorky angel kneeling and petting a tiny cat that’s sticking its head out from a small cardboard box. The animal looks weak and skinny, but it seems to enjoy Castiel's touch. Dean smiles at the sight, watching the angel and the small kitten both equally happy.
Castiel turns his head sideways to look at Dean and regrets it immediately. "Today I've got something else to hit," says Dean, handing him the glass.
Castiel calms down after some time, his crying stopping, but he doesn't feel like letting go. The feeling, it’s so different but it feels like home, it feels warm and comfortable with Dean holding him, Dean's arms around him. Castiel stays there, closing his eyes and holding a little more tightly than before. Normally, Cas wouldn't admit it but, right now, he never wants to let go. Dean, on the other hand, returns his sweet gesture by holding his waist tightly and pulling him closer with a sly smile on his lips.
A hand comes to rub at the back of Dean's neck when he remarks, hoping it doesn't sound creepy at all, "You should smile more often."
"Wait. You’re Ketch?" Dean leans out on the seat, taking a look at the guy because Cas in between is blocking his vision.
What? Is he kidding, everyone gets drunk, it's just part of being human. This seems fairly irrational to Dean and he can't quite understand the logic behind it, well, unless the creature he is currently talking to escaped from some other planet, which is the only explanation."Seriously?"
. He schools his thoughts, hoping Castiel is all right.
"It's worth repeating."
To Dean’s relief, he is breathing, taking in shallow breaths.
“Where ya goin?” he asks
“Please, Dean. I will take care of him,” Castiel says, petting the small brown-white creature and repeating the words like he is talking to a baby. “Yes, I will.”
"I missed you so much," Castiel says, petting Sprinkles.
Castiel's heart is racing by now, he can hear his heartbeat growing faster, ringing in his ear, and he's afraid Dean can too. He has never felt such kind vulnerability to Dean before or to anyone as a matter of fact, this feeling is strange though, it's different. Castiel lets out a small gasp, his nerves hitting adrenaline, and there's nothing he can do except for staring back at Dean, who's just above him and smells so good.
He likes it. Strange how no one has ever thought of shortening his name like that. It is much easier than Cassie.
I hope you guys liked this chapter. Dean is not that bad. Right?
Dean can't help but hear him. A low mummer from Castiel's end, "Yes, uh-huh. Five o'clock is fine. I'll be done with my classes by four so I'll be there—thank you for your time."
"Get lost."
“Yeah, okay. We need to go.” Dean can't stress it enough.
Frightened, Castiel's eyes squeeze shut of the terror seizing him as the fist bangs near his ear, his head winds up, facing away to the side opposite of where Dean's fist lands and suddenly Dean is more closer than before. Dean had needed or wanted to take out his frustration, but what he ends up with is his body pressed up against Castiel, he pants heavily, breathing in the same air as Cas, his harsh breath coaxing Cas' skin, and the pain flooding through his knuckles, the blood highlights the spot where his fist landed, and he doesn't feel the need to remove it even after several seconds passes by.
The horrible feeling in his chest grows strong. More than anything, Dean just wants him to be okay. He crouches down near him, his voice trembling of fear.
"I don't see a difference between the two," Dean says, eyeing at her. "And where the hell is Benny, I told you to bring him along," Dean grits, bringing his attention to Crowley.
If you enjoyed it feel free to leave Kudos!
There are only few people in here since it’s not exactly everyone's favorite place, but Castiel knows the consequences of having Dean along with him, which isn't going to be a blessing for others.
He won't be on his own for long, though, soon someone's going to move in, disturb his schedule, maybe change some setting, some arrangement of furniture or curtains.
because the last thing he wants is Cas going public about the whole thing, and it will be far more insulting in a room full of nerds.
The cat sticks its head out of the box in curiosity and Dean grunts, “No! Stay!”
"Easy for you to say. He punched
"I like it when he talks like that," Dean says, enjoying the ride.
"You're saying mean things about someone you don't know at all because I don't desire you the way others do," Castiel casts his eyes up, his heart skips a beat on the sight of the wrath held in Dean's gaze, he can find no trace of vibrancy the green eyes once possessed. "And you are too coward to face it," trembling from inside, Castiel manages to say it out loud in such a poised manner in an attempt to let Dean know he is not afraid of him.
"Don't–" Castiel grits, flinching away abruptly from Dean.
Dean stares at him, utterly silent for a moment before leaping forward a few steps, ready to launch himself on Cas. He yanks him by his collar, bringing him up close to his face. "Choose your next words," he warns as his brows furrow,
"What facade man? That is real me," Dean grumbles.
for me every time, you know that, right?" Dean says, winking.
An unsettling feeling rises in Dean's chest on witnessing the view. Look at him protecting the cat from the cold when he can hardly take care of himself. Cas got sick twice when he was human. He barely managed to step a foot outside without falling sick. He was barely concerned about his own health, and now's when he decides to go into full caring mode. For a damn cat. Animals are pretty much used to this kind of weather; there’s no need to hold the cat that closely. Dean never gets cradled like this when he's feeling cold. He doesn't know why but he wants to argue with Cas. Dean doesn’t care for that monster; he just wishes Cas would show one percent of that affection towards him. Dean has been throwing subtle signs in Cas’ way for, like, forever.
Walking away from the crowd, he finds himself standing by the pool, inhaling deeply the fresh air. It is nice and quiet over here, not too many people or too much noise, just some nice chilly wind sweeping swiftly, touching his face, smoothly ruffling his hair. He closes his eyes, surrendering himself to the feeling.
"Mind your language, boy. You don't know his idjit brother. If something happens to him, Gabriel will make my life a living hell and, before that, I will kill you. Also, I don't trust you. I leave you alone there, you'll end up partying non-stop. And I won't allow it." Concluding, Bobby says, "You treat Castiel like princess or take your ass back to dorm."
"Will you shut up already?" Castiel grunts, getting in the shotgun, trying to stay mad at Dean.
Wrong topic. Dean's mind is screaming
"Or maybe it's because of my choice to stay single," bored, he turns his attention to TV in front of him.
Right now, all he wants is to cry, to weep, to pierce the veil that was holding back his tears for so long.
Looking down at Castiel, it breaks Dean's heart a little to watch the hurt on that beautiful face. He feels this urge rising inside to hold the man staring at him. He acts on it simply not thinking twice as he curls his hand around Castiel and embraces him.
"I'm sorry for their behavior, I will pay for the glasses," Castiel apologises sincerely.
Kudos are appreciated.
Kudos are always appreciated.
To be honest, Dean can't believe Castiel is genuinely talking to him and finally showing some interest in his life for the first time. It's not like Dean expected Castiel to tell him about what his family is like but this is nice. They sit there for some more time, talking about college, making snappy jokes about each other when Castiel tells him how troubling it was to handle a drunk Dean and Dean can't help but laugh about it before giving a sincere apology; It would never happen again, at which Castiel smiled. Although Castiel doesn't reveal anything about the other man's clingy behaviour and the weird things Dean said to him. He would like to keep that memory for himself.
“Hey Cas,” Sam greets, only to be ignored. He looks up at Castiel and continues. “I was really missing you guys. We are out of food and I am really hungry. So, what did you guys buy?”
A casual party only for fresher's students like them to get to know each other. But a fun version because Crowley, who claims to be king, is hosting it along with few of his other lads.
"Got quite a big mouth on you… Didn't Michael teach you some manners?"
The fight swirls around quickly, getting rougher with every punch. "You will pay for everything," Castiel deems, his voice sounding much of a threat. Normally, Castiel wouldn’t get in fights, not like this, but he makes an exception for an old account to settle.
"You must be the pretty nerd boy who lives with Dean, I'm Benny," the other man chimes in.
"I didn't mean to—" Dean tries to speak when they both are finally outside only to get ignored.
Panicking internally, Cas' mind is shutting off again. Oh! My! God! This isn't supposed to be happening, he can't go weak against Dean like earlier, he should not let him get inside his head. He inhales in a deep breath to calm his internal self down, managing to gather up the courage to look up once again. He looks up, placing his hand on Dean's chest to move him with a little force, making Dean's head follow his movement as he slides away from him.
"Hello?"
******
"To make iced coffee. Because your pie spoiled my mood."
Dean emerges from the kitchen, accompanied by the smell of a freshly cooked burger and fries which causes his brother to snap his head up. Dean slides a plate in front of Sammy and goes to sit next to Cas. He does the same for Cas, who doesn't spare a glance at his direction.
Castiel is expecting a punch when something quite opposite happens: Dean frees him. Castiel's hands drop back to his side while he stands still in the same spot and so is Dean, just a small gap apart, but Dean keeps his vision intact on Castiel, pinning him to the place this time with his deadly stare, which looks dangerously fatal like someone has burned down his car.
"Fuck." Dean slumped over, his legs hardly cooperating. "Fuck." He looked over his feet and caught a fading glimpse of the blue glow he was growing so attached to. "Fuck."
"I wanted to talk to you about tomorrow's route but you seem to have gotten turned around in our small camp. Our tent is that way." He threw a thumb over his shoulder. "Come on." The hand still on Dean's shoulder brokered no argument as it squeezed and pulled him under Benny's arm. He walked them to their tent like that, yelling out, "Good night, my Lord. Goodnight, Captain, Lieutenant. Gabriel," and shoved Dean unceremoniously into their quarters.
Cas shrugged. "Yeah, why not? You don't have to get off to provide emotional energy. It just happens to be a fun way of doing it." Cas shrugged again and let himself out without another word.
The comfortable silence was back but the tension had increased, leaving a heat on the back of Cas' neck, and judging by the blush chasing its way up from the neckline of Dean's wet t-shirt, he wasn't alone.
"Not looking for a girlfriend?" Cas asked. Ha! This guy was funny. He could really dig the dry humor.
He kept an eye on the time but figured the worst that could happen would be for this guy to turn up at his door then leave. It would be a helluva shame but he didn't have a choice.
He looked around his quiet street, catching the odd shadow moving behind a curtain and hearing the faraway beats of a dozen hearts. Dean sighed and made his way to his sofa, where he slumped down heavily and pulled out his phone.
Dean grinned right along with him and, finally…finally…kissed his lord.
"Hey, I want you to meet my brother." Dean blurted out.
"Shit!" Sam hissed as he dropped to the floor below his window. Smooth.
Glancing warily at the apartment across the street he noticed it looked like Castiel had a date! The lights were dim but Sam could see the small kitchen table made up with linens and candles and Cas swayed slowly as he stirred something in the stove. Glad that Cas wasn't naked and throwing suggestive glances his way, Sam pulled out his phone to call Dean. He watched Cas as it rang, saw him tidying away a few things and could imagine the music he might be listening to.
Dean pulled his head away in order to look into Cas’ eyes, a warm smile on his face. “Sounds great, Cas, but I think by the time this elevator starts up we might be able to Netflix….and chill again.”
Dean tapped his phone against his chin as he stared into his top drawer. The pink satin ones? Nah, not very '
Dean's eyes went wide and a blush grew quickly across his cheeks. Ah, he must have seen him.
“Fuck,” Dean moaned, his eyes squeezed shut.
The air was close in the small space, only getting thicker as they made out. Cas ignored it in favor of focusing on the perfect feel of Dean’s lips against his own. Not only was Impala hot but Dean was sweet and kind and fuck, Castiel was completely and utterly fucking screwed.
"Gonna make Eileen dinner at her place. Why?" Sam narrowed his eyes at the side of Dean's face—the only bit he could see.
"What?" Dean breathed and Cas laughed softly as he studied the array of freckles on Dean's perfect face.
Dean circled the parking lot for a second time, frantically searching for a space. After finally spotting one, he practically threw himself from the car just as a bus pulled up spewing its passengers in his path. He swore, cursed the people in his way and tried to weave through.
"To the elder prince of Winchester."
"Oh! I'm bi, and very single." She leaned in until their foreheads were nearly touching so Dean jumped back before she got the wrong idea.
Oh my god, oh my god. Okay, so Lisa was objectively gorgeous but her voice? Dean fixed a grin on his face and kept strumming. Nodding along to encourage her but quickly stopped her.
"How goes it?" Benny asked. "Need something?"
"It's a family tradition. It's for protection. Why?"
"Am I disturbing your little date?" Crowley chimes in, grabbing one of the chairs, and Dean suddenly removes the hand resting on Castiel's, and gives Crowley a deadly glare.
"Go to your room, Dean. I don't wanna talk about it," Cas replies from the other side of the door.
"Bye, baby brother." Gabriel hangs up the phone.
Not a moment ago he was thinking maybe Dean is nice after all. And now this. Castiel can't understand if the other man is playing some kind of prank on him or if he really enjoys troubling him. "I'm not coming this time, call anyone else," he grits through his teeth.
Dean glares at his brother., “You stop that.”
Castiel scowls. "You’ve ruined my shirt. You asshole. How am I supposed to walk around looking like this?"
If you have something to say about this chapter you know where to tell me :)
Castiel flinches away abruptly like he is about to be robbed, he looks alarmed, blinking blankly at Dean, who doesn't move any further after noticing him flinch. The terror glooming from Castiel's eyes soon melts, his expression calms down and looks a bit relieved after recognizing what Dean's intention was all about, thinking he must have misjudged him, he lets out the breath he didn't know he was holding.
"I'm calling Bobby."
"You are a narcissist," Cas growls at last.
Dean is taken aback watching the grumpy angel and the cat, and he can't help but wonder about the horrors if they took the cat home. It would be like this every day. One meow from that cat and Cas would run away to hold it in his arms and Dean is not going to watch Cas getting all chick flick with a cat. It's not even a real person.
Castiel tilts his head in confusion, frowning and blinking blankly at the man before him, thinking,
A loud bang from Castiel's end but no more insults.
*****
"Poison, maybe," Castiel answers.
"I bet he would have stabbed you, brother, if it was a knife."
"That will make up for it."
Guys, do sit down for this one because I don't know how you all will take it.
“Your brother is a very unkind person who won't let me save a life,” Castiel says.
"I said I would
"And I don't care," the man retorts.
Castiel has held himself firm the whole time, there’s a split second of nothing. He takes a deep breath. For a brief moment, Dean releases him, letting go of the fabric, although Dean's hand still remains at the same place. A series of emotions go through Dean's face, like he's battling with himself, his eyes downcast before meeting the shade of blue when Cas' fingers begin to uncurl from his hand that was fighting back minutes ago.
It's not like he has expected any answer in return, but his gorgeous wife has just welcomed him back and it would be rude to not pay a visit to that beautiful face. His initial plans on going to his room go aflame when his legs turn around on that particular comment, gasping in shock and following the traces of the voice.
"Where's the kitchen?" he asks, without making any eye contact with the asshole who charged on him like a frigging Viking.
"Dammit!" Dean curses.
Castiel doesn't usually appreciate Dean but he gotta admit it is really tasty. "It is delicious," he says, wiping a little sauce dripping from the corner of his mouth.
"Get your asses up or I'm dragging you both out," he yells at them but not loud enough to get the others attention.
"What?" It's hard to believe for Dean, because he always sees Castiel sticking his nose in books, away from the hookup world.
And before he knows it, Dean is stopping Cas. Hurrying forward, Dean snatches the coat out of Cas' hand. There goes personal space out the window. Dean stands in front of the angel as he unfolds the coat, slowly, before draping it over Cas' shoulder. Dean's hands remain still on the lapel of the coat as he meets Cas’ stunning blue gaze and softly says,”Keep it on, you look nice in it.”
"Gotcha."
He thinks over and over.
Tired, Castiel gives up on the apartment hunt by the time evening rolls on. He went through all the trouble just to find himself back at the same porch.
"No. This can't be. This is bad," Castiel mutters under his breath, already picturing his life after today.
Now that the team is onboard, they have only three hours left to carry out the plan. Charlie, from physics class, would be of great help but Dean refuses Crowley's idea for the same reason he refused to include her in the first place: she is friends with Castiel. They need to find someone else. The message needs to go straight to Castiel if they want him to truly believe it. And they also have to sneak into the professor's office and use his phone, which isn't gonna be an easy task, but, before that, they need to find Castiel's cell number. Too much work.
The rumbling noise behind the front door gets his attention. This late in the night, who can it be?
"Yes. But you weren't home and I was hungry," comes a sour reply from Cas. His brain is not in a very good place right now. He's not caffeinated enough to talk his right mind, except for answering whatever pops in his mind first.
“We should help that kitty. It is cold out there,” Cas says, pouting from the doorway.
"Really? You could lift me?"
Hearing these witty insults triggers something inside him, causing the suppressed emotions to bubble up to the surface when he throws his fist directly at him, not caring about the consequences. His mind is hot red. He's angry. Frustrated. Has been for so long.
Castiel settles him on the mattress, making sure to remove his shoes before tucking him in, when the other man mutters from underneath the covers, "Stay with me."
"You don't watch people sleep, Cas, it's creepy." His eyes wonder the bed when he realises there is someone else in there with him. "And what the hell is Benny doing in my bed? Did I— did we— Noooo," his voice trails off in terror as his head drops down to get buried in his hands.
He's a simple guy who entered college after a lot of hard work. It started off with a regular day. Yeah, that's where it all begins. On a Thursday morning, a month into college, he has gotten settled in just fine. He's changed for the better and living on his own is not an easy task, it comes with paying bills, managing rent, food and whatnot. But he makes a fair amount working for his boss, Mr. Bartholomew, trying out his hand at editing in a way that it also helps him learn new techniques and improve his own writing skills. He doesn't have a whole lot of friends here but a few. Charlie, Garth, Kevin are the ones close to him.
"At least I don't go hitting on every waitress and bartender," Castiel points out.
"What are we talking about, Meow?" he asks, looking at Castiel, whose hand rests on his lap, already missing the warmth of Dean's hand, when Charlie joins them.
"Because she was totally flirting back."
(See the end of the chapter for
“Can we at least feed Mr. Sprinkles? He looks hungry,” Cas says, while rubbing his palm gently on Mr. Sprinkles head. The creature squints, closing its eyes and enjoying the warmth of Cas' hand.
Castiel can practically feel every place that Dean's gaze lands over him, he doesn't need to look up to know that the crazy man is about to do something. And then he moves closer, slipping his hand around Castiel's waist, like it's nothing but completely normal. This is one of those moments when thoughts of Dean overpower his mind, his breath twitches from the essence of Dean's presence behind him.
"I'm only trying to put some sense into that stupid head of yours," Dean tries to explain. "Don't come crying to me when he ditches you."
Cas moves out. Or does he?
His glance doesn't go unnoticed, the way Castiel’s looking at him, Dean thinks he might have been asked the same question. Dean stands not too far, just a few steps away from him and the curiosity bubbles up inside him as he raises his eyebrows at Castiel, expecting an answer. Ladies dig the kind of personality Dean has. Also, he is far more handsome than anyone Castiel has been into. "I don't know," Castiel fumbles on the words. "And I don't wanna talk about it, why did you call, anyway?" he asks, glaring at Dean, who is looking right back at him, trying to hear the whole conversation, with a disappointed look on his face.
"Then you must have deserved it, jerk," Sam chuckles from the other end of the phone.
Castiel is up in the night, reading as usual in the late hours, using the time to himself to lurk around the house alone. It's a nice place, a bit old fashioned but affordable. It's a big mansion to maintain, with a living room with a fireplace, the chandelier in the hallway, a sweet kitchen down the hall, and the empty bedrooms upstairs. The place is huge.
Cas doesn't give any response to it except for closing his eyes for a brief moment and leaning in into the warmth of Dean's touch against his wet skin, before slowly going back to bury his head where his hands lingered.
“Library.”
He curses under his breath before putting Baby into drive. He feels like a total fool for worrying about Cas all day long when he was busy hooking up with some bartender. He could have at least called, if not him then maybe any of his other friends. Dean was worried sick about him getting his ass in trouble. Perhaps that's what he gets for upsetting the nerd.
“Tell your brother I don't want his food,” Cas says, to Sam at which Dean rolls his eyes.
“Thank you so much Dean,” Castiel says softly in the hunter's ear.
Watching animals move around in the forest doing nothing but eat and shit on Discovery Channel makes Castiel's face light up with amusement, unlike Dean, who's feeling like torture to sit through the whole thing. Glancing sideways at the geek who's paying attention to every little detail on the screen, from the colour of the leaves of forest to the texture of the soil, makes Dean wonder if he's gone invisible while sitting right next to him.
"Love story is getting more interesting." Crowley chuckles.
Cas meets Benny.
"It's your jackass, brother," Dean shouts over the phone.
Surprisingly enough, Cas replies this time but avoids looking at Dean. “Let me keep Mr. Sprinkles.”
Kudos are always appreciated.
"Welcome to hell," Crowley announces the beginning of a long and fun night.
"But I came back and I am sorry."
“I guess. But if that will make Cas happy then what's the harm?” Sam asks, standing in the middle of the kitchen and looking at Dean hopefully.
"Sure," with that, Dean hangs up the phone.
Terror streaks through him. What time is it? His eyes dread to take a glance at the clock.
Castiel frowns, watching the terrible attempt go aflame. "I am not some random girl you picked up to get laid."
Dean. He can't seem to understand him. What is real and what is not? There was honesty in his embrace when he had hugged Castiel. It was unexpected but calm. The calmness of a stormy sea, or something similar. He turned out to be the complete opposite of what Castiel had thought so, maybe, there is a small chance they will be okay. Castiel doesn't have to be friends with him and maybe it's okay if can’t let go of his anger, but he can do this. They are going to be fine.
“He is the one saying it,” Sam points out, bursting into laughter again.
Dean’s expression gets even more irritated as Castiel catches up and the victory smile gets replaced by a genuine smile of pleasure. “They banned you!” Castiel laughs at him, enjoying.
Dean looks lost. Is he not falsely blaming him? He doesn't remember hurting anyone like this. He has been in fights. A lot of fights. But this, this is not him. Not really. Even in the drunk fights he leaves a room for mercy. And his mind works fine, he would have remembered Castiel.
Listen up guys! Ghost readers in the back I hope I'm audible. I'm happy to announce that our relationship is gonna be around 20 chapters long and Girlfriend you and I are gonna have some fun.
"Fine." He slides a certain amount of money to her.
Castiel thinks about crashing in a motel but he wouldn't survive more than a night. He’s not only homeless but broke too. After driving for a long time, the driver said, "Dude, you gotta give me some directions."
"I have an attendance to keep up with," Dean answers nonchalantly.
Dean tries harder to remember about last night but all he gets is some faint memory of Cas sinking down near him before lifting him, he recalls looking at Cas' jawline with a blurry vision while being carried by him. He doesn't bother to argue so instead he makes his leave saying, "Alright, tiger, thanks for all that but I gotta get ready for my date."
The job is almost done.
The cat registers the movement and blinks its eyes open at Dean, meowing. He is relieved the cat is still alive but disappointed no one has taken it home.
Dean places all the stuff on the table, still not speaking a word. Castiel spares a glance, looking at the first aid kit and the other stuff placed on the table when a firm hand grabs his jaw tightly and forces him to look up and hold his head in position. Castiel can't lie but he
"I can't".
Dean can't help but remember the time he received a text with a smiley face saying
"What war brought this little gift?"
"Why are you home the night before a week off?"
out."
Dean rolls his eyes. Now he is the bad guy. “For God’s sake, Cas, it’s just a cat. Let’s just go,” Dean says.
A quieter sob escapes Castiel's throat as Dean whispers against his ear, "You can't save everyone, Cas," He pulls him into a tight hug hoping the sobbing man feels safe and stops shaking.
Arriving home, Dean walks in a quick pace, going inside to gather the first aid kid, a few clean towels and napkins. Meanwhile, Castiel settles on the nearest chair. Exhausted of bodily ache. He sighs.
"Yeah, I won't leave him to deal with all that alone, not after what I saw yesterday,"
I am back Hellers. I know, I know, I am late. So, Its been three months since the confession scene and I am back with a little treat for you guys. I found this prompt which I have also included in this. This one is around 6K so have fun.
"Nope. Just friends," swallowing down another round, he answers.
He can literally feel the clattering sound resonating in his ears, the thing banged right on his head, and this is the second time he gets hit by the same person.
"Works in the day shift. They kinda know each other, as far as I know, it's not their first time," Alfie replies.
"Dean," releasing the breath he was holding, Cas moans when Dean uses his teeth, scraping lightly over the skin of his neck. It's taking all of his willpower to resist the urge of grinding his body against Dean's.
"You better. Tell your boyfriend I will kick his ass he ever tries to hurt you"
"I'm sorry," Dean says before removing himself completely from Castiel and rushing out the door.
"Shut the fuck up or I'm throwing both of you out!" Castiel hisses, giving a death glare to them from the mirror.
Castiel recalls his earlier conversation with Dean about driving, where he firmly declined him and this is how Dean’s making him drive his sorry ass back home anyway. He doesn't want to spend another hour or two dealing with a drunk idiot, but he can't leave him at the bar either. The situation must be pretty bad, otherwise, why would the bar care about two drunk guys when there is a room full of tipsy alcohol addicts?
"But—" Castiel hangs up the phone, cutting him off in between.
"Put me up on speaker." Hoping to put some sense into both of them, he begins, "Listen up, ya idjits. I know both of you well, so give it some time, you'll get along fine. But, if you wanna get your asses kicked out, you can call me again," the call cuts off with a click.
Castiel holds down a breath, closing his eyes for a second when Dean shouts at him again, the unhealthy beating of his heart only grows faster when he opens his eyes. He has never witnessed such kind of anger from Dean before and he is too shaken up watching him go feral and completely out of control.
Castiel gives up, he is too worn out by now, he doesn't fight it anymore but rather stays still, he doesn't care if Dean is going to show more cruelty in his wrath, the betrayal has caused him more hurt than any physical pain ever could. What's the worst that could happen?
Dean's fantasy comes crashing down just as fast. This monster scratched the seat of his precious Baby on the ride home, and Cas just gives him a small thanks without even looking at him. Well, Dean should have seen it coming. Now that the monster is here, why would Cas pay attention to him? It doesn't hurt him. He doesn't care enough to get hurt anyway. He is strong.
"CAS! I'm back." Dean shouts, kicking the door shut behind him.
Sam’s cut off when Dean hangs up the phone. He takes a look at Castiel, who is now waking up, opening and blinking his eyes. He slowly lifts his head off Dean but his hands remain at the same place they were before, one around Dean's neck with the other gripping his flannel around his chest.
Things are going better than he expected and, as per of his housemate, Castiel, well, they both have been initiating new customs to get more comfortable; they have movie nights on weekends, sometimes when they get bored they'll have a video game battle and whoever loses is in charge of doing the dishes, the deal is fair and square because it's Dean who wins more. Castiel accepted his defeat the first few times, before he found out Dean uses some kind of trick to win the stupid game and that's how Dean ends up getting a silent treatment from Castiel most of the nights, which will usually disappear by the next morning but he will nearly do everything to get Castiel's attention for the time being, like doing his victory dance in front of him while Castiel do the dishes or imitating Castiel's gravelly voice, sometimes he would shove Cas in the arm playfully to get that grumpy look. Overall, it has been nice with Castiel and Dean hopes to continue it the same way.
Giving him a threatening look, Cas responds, "It's not your concern."
His eyes keep drifting to where Castiel is seated in the bar area. He simply watches him talking to his friends with a coke in one hand. Cas tilts his head to the side when something doesn't please him, and he looks away from the nerd Asian dude when he notices Dean. His gaze finds Dean across the room for a moment and he looks away abruptly like he has seen a ghost.
Largely though, Sam had gotten used to it. The guy never did weird shit like helicoptering or anything so the nudity just turned into background movement that Sam would occasionally glance at. Unfortunately that all changed on a dark, fall evening about half an hour after Nudist got home and Sam sensed a different kind of movement and risked a look. The guy was very close to the glass, close enough to rest his forearm on it above his head as he peered out at the street. Sam didn't look away quick enough when the man raised his head, immediately finding Sam in his window. Shit. Sam had no idea what to do, he cast around for a reason to be gazing out his window but apparently it was too late, the guy was staring intently and Sam was sure he was gonna at least get flipped off but the guy just smiled and stood up straighter, offering his hand up in a little wave. Sam raised his hand awkwardly but when the smile turned decidedly shark like, he shuffled hurriedly away from the window. What was that?!
He had several notifications from his FaceMatch messenger app so it opened it up (pre-coffee, for once) and had a look.
"Thanks, Lis. I'll call ya." He winked and Lisa giggled behind her hand. With a delicate wave, she left.
"Hey, Cas." Dean finally answered
Giggling? Who the fuck is giggling at this time in the morning!?
He held his breath as the little dots faded in and out waiting for Cas to finish typing.
"Dean, what's this tattoo?"
"Yeah? And what were you expecting?" Dean nearly growled.
"Hmm, food for food sounds fair." Dean pretended to muse. "The other stuff is just a bonus? I have to be honest, I was hoping for…um…" Goddammit, Dean found this sort of shit difficult. "The Other Stuff."
The house was kinda old by suburban standards but still standing. It had been given to Cas and his sister Anna by their aunt when she retired to Aruba, or wherever, and they'd taken full advantage of the nearby college by turning it into a sorority house.
The face of his literal daydreams appeared under his hand and he smiled. Perfect. Hooded eyes (which he knew were a stunning shade of blue) under a strong brow, perfectly straight nose that looked like it would scrunch up when he laughed. From an artist's perspective, the guy didn't have a beautiful ratio but his face had life and love etched into the creases.
Benny took the lead and Dean fell behind to guard the rear. The Northerners rode as a huddled mass speaking quietly with each other. The captain was astride a muscular gray stallion, the lieutenant on a bay mare and Gabriel rode a horse that was spotted like a leopard. All were smaller and as stout as the pony in the stable last night and similarly shaggy haired. They were built for cold weather and had to stop frequently for water. Lord Castiel often walked his, petting him fondly and murmuring in his ear. Dean had never found himself jealous, never mind of a horse, but here he was glaring at a palomino pony that only came up to his chest. He shook himself when Novak looked over his shoulder and smiled almost warmly at Dean. A blush high on the cheeks of both, Dean smiled stupidly back, even going so far as to waggle his fingers shyly. That is, until he caught Gabriel watching them both with interest, a sly smirk behind one of Dean's honeyed figs he had been devouring. Novak finally looked away but Dean could still make out the redness of his ears.
And easy as that Dean opened up a little more and, it seems, so did Cas.
"He's…beautiful." Cas gushed and Dean winced. Not helpful, dude.
—had his coffee and was sitting at Dean's kitchen table, he loosened up considerably, showcasing a dry wit and snarky sense of humor.
"I wish she'd get the memo that she's barking up the wrong tree." Dean winked at him. Sharing his little secret that wasn't actually a secret.
It was getting worse. Sam had moved his desk away from the window but his room wasn't huge and his apartment ran the length of the building so the living area, galley kitchen and Dean's room all faced the same direction. It was inescapable! He couldn't just not look out his own window.
"Yes?" Sam eventually managed to squeak.
"How about his hair?" Dean asked while steadfastly staying zoomed in and avoiding looking at the whole sketch.
"Perhaps not, but it
Sam stepped back abruptly, tripping on his charger and pulling his phone off the bed to clatter loudly on his hardwood floor and half his bookshelf to collapse. Shit. Once he'd untangled himself and cleared up the destruction, he risked a peek at his neighbour. Who thankfully had gone. Sam shook his head and marched through the living room to his brother's door.
So he took a deep breath and, with a polite smile, led Baby gently over the craggy terrain.
Benny wasn't completely certain he could trust Gabriel Novak but, simply put, the man out-ranked him. If Gabriel had machinations regarding the union of the kingdom then Benny couldn't risk spoiling it. Also, if he told Dean the marriage plan and it didn't work out his friend might be crushed. Or even worse, Benny could be reading the entire situation wrongly and Dean could object and run a mile. Benny ultimately decided to comfort his friend accordingly but leave the rest to more strategic minds.
An hour later, again fed and watered, the two men repacked their bags, and left to wait in the square for their future travelling companions. The market was now bustling so they had no trouble restocking their rations and finding someone willing to entertain them for a while with a song or two.
"The guy in the apartment over there." Sam insisted in a whisper "The naked one!"
The guy was quick to raise his hands and wave them, the blush on his cheeks spreading to his hairline and down his neck. "No! No, not disappointed, just embarrassed." He eyed Dean's outfit of flannel and jeans then gestured to his own black shirt and tight black pants. "This isn't exactly my usual
"Say hi to Becky for me." Cas threw over his shoulder as he left with his mug.
Dean wanted to shoot himself in the head. His lab partner was a giggler. Every word was punctuated with an inane little laugh that he politely returned at first but just couldn't sustain. It was ass o'clock because he had a shift at work every night for three weeks and Becky worked at the weekend. So 6am on a Tuesday it was. He stifled a yawn as they outlined the next few weeks of study. He finally made his excuses and backed up towards her door. She made some joke about her creative writing assignment that Dean hadn't been listening well enough to understand and he fake laughed his way out of the room…directly into the path of Hot Guy (who he'd since overheard being called Castiel. He wasn't stalking him, shuddup.) Once Dean had mortifyingly asked the guy if he wanted coffee from a kitchen he no doubt frequented everytime he stayed with his girlfriend, Castiel had said something bitchy and walked off. Okay then. Dean still wanted some coffee though so he followed the delectable ass to the kitchen.
"Uh…nice pj's. Walmart? I have the hotdog ones myself." Dean said with a wink. Cas was relieved his new acquaintance also had questionable taste in nightwear. He refused to dwell on the soft image this conjured of them curled up together both in fast food themed pyjamas.
Cas lay a hand gently on Dean's jawline and he turned his head to kiss his palm. It was too soft after what they had just done in a restaurant parking lot but Dean did it again anyway. Breathing slower now, they tucked themselves back in and Cas let himself fall into a loose hug—the casual observer might have called it cuddling—and Dean kissed Cas' messed up hair.
"A bit pouty then?" Dean laughed.
"Yes! I mean, no, not really. I got it in my head you were a woman and your voice surprised me. Apologies."
"Um, yes? Can I help you?" Dean stuttered, trying to keep the guilt out of his voice.
"So, Dean. What brings you here?" Cas forced himself to ask amiably.
283. That's not too bad! Dean glanced at the clock and decided now was a good time to quit stalking researching his soulmate and, in an effort to distract himself, started rewatching Star Trek for the 8th time.
Dean opened his mouth to argue, closed it then opened it again only to raise his finger and pull out his phone. He tapped and scrolled for a bit. "Oh.
"Hello? Can you hear me?" Dean asked cheerfully.
"God damn…" Dean panted and started to move, driven by Cas' hands on his ass. Cas hummed appreciatively around Dean's cock, the vibrations sending warmth around his gut.
Purchases bagged and another run through the rain had Castiel back in his apartment building, soaking wet and waiting for the elevator.
"Yeah, oh." Cas rolled his eyes so hard his whole body moved with them. "Up until now I thought this was going pretty well. You're hot, funny and cook a mean burger. You get me off by feeding and I get you off by feeding. It's a win win! But if this is somehow a deal breaker for you then so long. I don't have time for this." He paused "Well, I have plenty of time but no inclination." He gave a sarcastic little smile, scooped up his bag and stormed out the front door with a quiet huff of 'hypocrite'.
The afterglow—quite literally in Cas' case—was comfortable. They shuffled to sit together against the headboard, sharing chaste kisses as they ostensibly watched crappy daytime TV.
"His name is Grace. And hers? She is a fine beast." Lord Castiel intoned sincerely. "Beautiful."
"This isn't what I expected." The man rumbled and Dean crossed his arms, probably too defensively. He shouldn't have to show off his wealth and shit just for some random asshole.
A few days and two camps later, Captain Balthazar and Benny were conversing quietly across the fire when Castiel yawned for the tenth time and, despite Dean wanting to keep Castiel to himself, he took pity on him and sent him to bed. Castiel was the only member of the party to have his own tent and when he reached the mouth of it he turned and looked over his shoulder. Meeting Dean's eye he bit his lip and beckoned with his head before ducking between the flaps. Dean's eyebrows rose almost to his hairline and he scurried to stand up, his armor making him ungainly.
"Hmm, officially that's up to the king and queen but I don't think Dean will have any objections." The both turned to watch Dean and Castiel dancing by the fire, drifting closer as Anya regaled them, the frantic strums of a merry jig turning into a soft ballad as they embraced.
"Does Castiel know?" Benny crossed his arms angrily. "Has he been lying too?"
Sam had just gone for a run in the early hours of Saturday morning and then stood in the corner of his dark kitchen, slinging back a bottle of water when he heard it. A bang and a squeak. It wasn't loud but it was an odd enough sound that it piqued his interest and he scanned the living area to try to see what it was. Nothing seemed out of place, he wandered into his own room…nothing there either. Dean surely wasn't actually awake right now? Sam grabbed a towel and headed to the bathroom, intending to peek in on Dean. Make sure he hadn't fallen out of bed in a hungover stupor or something. Although, Sam would be hard pressed to recall the last time he'd seen his brother get that kind of drunk.
"Well, if she's got a friend willing to act like an idiot for her, then she must be kinda special. Tell her to shoot her shot. You never know." She winked and Dean grinned. Yeah, Charlie and Anna could have something good.
"Castiel? I think?" Sam said.
"So, uh. What's your story, Cas? You mentioned you're a philosophy major, right? Do you live on campus?" Dean asked, almost too casually.
Dean settled into bed and started to write a reply. AngelofThirsty had only sent a picture with no accompanying message so Dean kept it brief and to the point, just like the guy's profile.
"Not as well as you apparently." Cas answered dryly. "How's Joanna?"
"My platonic life queen, Charlie and here's Sam showing off last fourth of July."
Dean really needed to change his brother's ringtone to something less obnoxious. Even a great song at ass o'clock in the morning made him want to punch something, preferably Sam.
"Heh, yeah. I was just running a quick errand before taking a shower, didn't see the point in formal wear." Cas chuckled and they grinned at each other foolishly.
Fed and watered, they headed to bed, hopeful for a smooth meeting, and prepared for a much longer journey back.
Dean would normally be embarrassed about having his privilege pointed out to him but his body went cold and he felt ill. He would give up all the goose down in the land to share a bed roll on the ground with Cas and he said as much.
"Alright, Lis. Sounds good. Have you been doing your breathing exercises?" he doubted it and Lisa confirmed it when she bit her lip and looked at him from under her lashes. "Come on, Lis, you need to do them. You're singing from the throat and you need to be pushing from down here." He hovered a hand over her abdomen. "Okay?" She nodded. "From the top."
[MsAngelofThursday] Hello.
Cas frowned. "Um, I live here with…" A commotion from the main entrance interrupted him and he jumped up. There was a young man at the door. Bearded, dishevelled and shouting.
"This is weird, dude." Dean huffed as he squinted at the unfamiliar website, Fetlife, on the small screen. "There are people that want to be…cattle? You're telling me that's a thing?"
"I'm an emotovore? That's what happens." He shrugged.
"Yessir." Dean grinned and moved until his cock hung heavily over Cas' face.
Castiel hoisted Dean to get a better grip—nailing his prostate hard, if the delicious noise he made was any indication—with one arm looped under his thighs, he brought his free hand up to grasp Dean's leaking cock, giving it a quick pump.
Benny shook his head, chuckling. "Well, my prince, according to this morning's brief from your father, we have a mission to travel beyond the borders of the kingdom. I don't suppose you would consider that interesting." He glanced out of the corner of his eye to see the young prince bouncing on the balls of his feet and continued with an air of indifference. "Heading north. Should take a couple of weeks, slow riding."
"Yummy," Cas deadpanned then stood up, gently pushing Dean a few steps back. "Thanks. I'll be going now."
Several dates later found Dean moving into Cas' master bedroom with him, then after graduation Anna moved out and Cas turned the top floor into an apartment. They still rented out the ground floor but to working professionals instead of students. (i.e. Charlie and her girlfriend, Stevie.)
He outright laughed at that but went to the porch anyway. Cas stood there dressed in a beautifully tailored suit and a dark blue tie, a tan coat over his arm. A stark, but very sexy, difference from what he wore last time.
"Good morning, Lord Castiel. Good morning, Deano." He leaned over them to spoon out some stew and slurp some wine horribly. "Cassie, I need a word."
"You have signal?"
Dean licked his lips and nodded. "Uh, yeah, Cas. Sure." He threw too many twenties on the table and pulled Cas up by the hand he was still holding. "Lets go."
Benny hung his head, only looking up when Gabriel sat down next to him, chewing on honeysuckle.
"So, you, uh, still wanna..?" He tipped his head suggestively. "I mean, that's what I'm here for, right?"
Dean told Charlie about what Anna had said and she'd promptly had a minor panic attack. Dean, in all good conscience, couldn't leave Charlie all alone with a pint of Ben and Jerry's and her new 4k remastered Lord of the Rings boxset, now could he? What kind of friend would he be if he let her finish all the beer alone?
Dean had often left small bounties under hedgerows and in treeburrows during his escapades, enjoying the glee a child found in a small music box or a doll he'd made.
Dean's grin grew broad. "Of course you may call me Dean, whenever you wish, Castiel." He forgot himself for a moment and winked but Castiel merely blushed harder and raised a hand to fiddle with Baby's tack coyly.
Dean supposed he had a point. If this guy didn't taste good—or look good if he was being honest with himself—then there would be no point in getting to know one another any better. The specifics in Angel's profile were compelling enough for now and Dean decided he could hold off on the chatter until they met.
[BennyBear] Yes!
"I'm not showing you! It's pers'nal." Dean shoved his phone in his pocket. "I'll finish it later. Gotta find a pic anyway."
"Sorry, I didn't warn you about the glowing." Cas looked down, biting his lip.
Dean blinked at his phone. That was…succinct.
Dean didn't notice the music stop, nor Benny approach, and was startled by his arm being grabbed. He was dragged away, his arm raising to keep his fingers entwined with Castiel's until he was pulled too far.
Cas calmly wiped the side of his mouth as Dean tucked his, now flaccid, cock away.
Cas slinked by, leaving no room between them as he made his way into the house and sat down on Dean's sofa, legs spread, the epitome of relaxed. Cas' bedroom eyes were full force and it made Dean feel hot all over, his pants tightening and his heart pounding as he stared at the delicious creature looking up at him.
“Wanna fuck you so bad, Cas. Been thinking about it all fucking day.”
"I guess." Cas agreed. Dean eyed Cas' grocery bag and Cas prayed the wet paper wasn't too see-through.
They began at the same time.
[BennyBear] You might not believe this but I was out hiking the river trail when a bunch of kayaks came down the rapids. They were moving fast but a woman looked up at me. I damn near passed out, the feeling made my brain mushy. She was gone round a bend real quick and I tried to follow but the river splits and I was on foot.  I've been seeing her face ever since. Even black and white she's beautiful. (Dean could practically hear the man sigh.)
"Sleep well, my Lord Castiel." He sighed dreamily. "See you on the 'morrow." He caught a glimpse of a smile and small wave before he was shoved unceremoniously into his tent.
Dean was an artist. He'd skipped college in favor of an apprenticeship with a local painter and after four years of tutelage, Dean found a job that paid pretty well (for an artist) that he enjoyed. He specialised in portraits and had a knack for computers so he ended up at FaceMatch. An online service for finding an elusive soulmate. The packages ranged from a simple ad with a description on a missed connections type forum, all the way to a consultation with a sketch artist, access to the facial database and/or a billboard, proudly displaying the face of your literal dreams.
"So, you're sayin' that if you had all that stuff already, we wouldn't be here? I'd be sittin' here damp and alone while you thought I wasn't comin'?" Dean frowned at the thought. "I'm damn glad you ain't a boy scout, Cas."
"I think it will all work out for the best, don't you, Commander?" Gabriel grinned, the firelight casting long shadows across his face turning him from a mortal to an imp and just as quickly back again.
Benny felt his face go defensively blank. The betting pools when he played cards had honed his demeanor to the point that he could have been carved from stone. Afraid his composure would soon crack, he quickly stood and made his leave as politely as he could and the moment he reached his and Dean's shared tent, he muffled his laughter with his cloak and let his shoulders shake silently. He would tell Dean eventually but,for now this was too good an opportunity to miss and if he were the dramatic type, he might have even let out an evil laugh.
"Oh, Dean! Your hair!" she reached out to pet the fluffy ends.
"Sounds like we're not a priority for the ole LFD right now. Out rescuing babies from trees and cats afraid of the dark," Dean lamented. "May as well get comfy."
Anna Novak was very pretty. He could totally understand why his bff Charlie was head over heels smitten with her new housemate. Landlady? Anna was willowy and pale, insanely talented and as kind as could be. He'd been sent in for reconnaissance by Charlie but Dean decided the middle school approach was best.
The dark haired man he'd spotted before stepped forward, bending at the waist in a polite bow. Benny was surprised by how powerfully built he was, tall with a broad chest and strong legs. Unusual for a man of leisure but perhaps he was also prone to escapades such as Dean was. The silence of his companion was very telling as Benny watched him gape at the young Lord, and interestingly enough, at Castiel staring back. Benny nudged him again and Dean startled comically.
Castiel shuffled even closer to look at the small screen.
Benny just smiled at him fondly. "It will work out. Trust me."
Dean nearly choked, laughing so hard at his cousin, it came out in gasps.
"Black roses." Dean answered incredulously.
Impala: <Sorry, stuck in shitty traffic.>
Sam's smugness intensified and he held up his hands. "Alright, Dean. Whatever you need. But seriously, if you're sick of those nasty blood bags, it's worth it."
Cas was a wonderful weight in his arms, and the idea that he trusted Dean with this was a bigger turn on than he'd anticipated. He ran his hands under Cas' t-shirt finding pebbled nipples, then down the front of his jeans, palming Cas' erection roughly, pulling him closer.
"Huh? Track? I…" Dean was interrupted by Lisa with his guitar.
"Oh, sweetheart, you ain't seen nothin' yet." Dean murmured as he buried his face in Cas' neck, inhaling deeply. The man smelled amazing. A nice subtle scent, a bit of shower gel, and his very skin a bouquet of salt and iron. Dean hummed against the artery and Cas groaned, his hand already clenched in Dean's hair. Dean licked a stripe from collar bone to earlobe and Cas shuddered.
He gave Dean a once over. "I see you've brought the whole pantry with you but at least you're dressed right." Benny mused and tugged at the furs hanging from Baby's panniers, "And you planned for the cold. Good work."
This evolutionary idiosyncrasy worked well in finding the perfect family when there were only fourteen people per square mile but, nowadays, with people squeezed into subways, apartment buildings, and mega malls, the chances of making eye contact and being able to immediately follow up with the person was getting slimmer.
Benny continued to act strangely. He watched Dean closely, way too closely, and always seemed to pop up when he was least wanted. For all the flirtation that Castiel was engaging in, Dean hadn't gotten so much as a quick peck on his…well, anywhere. Dean didn't enjoy pulling rank, especially with one of his oldest friends, but he was a prince damn it! He frowned; his guard was forgetting himself!
"We burn daylight where we stand, my lord. Captain, Lieutenant, we were to understand only two would accompany our visitor?"
"Okay, okay, tell him I'll be there soon." He hung up and grabbed his keys.
for a first impression. The black lace? Hmm, maybe a bit gothic. The green brought out his eyes but he wasn't planning on having his face showing and the purple made his ass look pale. It shouldn't be this difficult!
"Of course." Benny replied gently, "Let us collect the horses and be on our way."
Dean shot up.
Dean stared at him for a second then replied weakly. "Hey, Cas."
"My Lord." Dean bowed and looked up at Lord Novak through his lashes. Benny internally palmed his face wearily. This is just what he needed. For Dean to flirt his way into their charge's bed only to leave him high and dry. Not the best political move by a long shot, especially if it happened sooner rather than later. A slighted dignitary, of noble standing no less, could be cause for a very sour environment indeed.
This was the part that often confused Cas; left him lost in a sea of double meaning, heated looks and a general out of body feeling so, like a coward, he looked at the floor.
"Hey, Cas."
Great, fall for a straight fuckboy. Good life choices there, Castiel. He mentally face palmed as Dean talked about his latest mechanical engineering assignment. Restoring a pre-70's machine. Apparently he'd chosen his dad's old car as it had been gathering rust in his garage since his mom died. Cas made the appropriate comforting noises but Dean waved him off with a 'Long time ago, man.'
"I would appreciate that. Thank you, Sargent." He paused, "and you may call me Lord Castiel. Castiel when it's just us."
predilections. Yeah, Cas was bossy as fuck once you got him comfy and Dean fucking loved it. The first time they'd made it to a bed Cas had pushed Dean down and straddled his face. Dean had been expecting a cock in his mouth but instead received Cas' muscular inner thigh pressed to his lips. He could scent the blood flowing beneath his tan skin, the iron and salt thudding with every beat of Cas' heart. Dean sucked a mark into the artery and he groaned, pushing closer. He sank his teeth in and Cas almost bucked off, only Dean's firm grasp on his ass keeping him in place.
He eventually chose red silk (figuring the color would help draw in the sort of person he wanted to attract) and started to strip. The shimmy of his jeans excited him when he knew what he was going to be replacing them with and he pulled the scrap of delicate fabric gently up his legs. He yanked his shirt off and gave himself a once over in the mirror. His reflection was blurred but he could still make out his powerful torso tapering down to narrow hips, the splash of oxblood and his bowed legs. Not bad for a 128 year old. He threw himself a pair of finger guns for a confidence boost then propped his phone up next to his bed. With the timer set he posed with the aim of cropping any distinguishing features out and after more attempts than he would ever admit, he had a picture he was happy to use for his profile.
Dean started to swipe through his pictures then huffed happily at his phone.
A couple of days—study, housework, working, repeat—passed and Sam was idly twirling a finger through his overlong bangs thinking about what to write next for his ethics essay when it happened. A light going on in the apartment across the street caught his attention as the occupant got home. The guy wandered around, dumping keys, bag, coat and kicked off his shoes while stretching sinuously. He continued to strip off his clothes and Sam assumed he would stop at his shirtsleeves but he didn't. He really, really didn't. He'd stripped to his boxers and had hooked his fingers in the waistband to pull them down before Sam was aware enough to look away. But then he risked a peek. The guy was completely nude but soon ducked into what Sam presumed to be the bathroom. Jesus, had the guy not heard of drapes?
Cas hummed happily. "That was the most exquisite orgasm I have ever experienced."
Charlie. Charlie?
from her?"
[MsAngelofThursday] Yes, please. Thank you.
"Cas? What. The. Fuck." Dean repeated.
"Not right now, Gabriel. Dean had something he wanted to say…and...so did I, actually." Castiel stuttered.
Benny watched the pair talking animatedly from his new position at the rear. They had been conversing almost constantly since Lord Novak had very surprisingly been invited to mount Baby and Dean had been supporting the young Lord by the elbow, adjusting his seat and gait, and generally fussing. He smiled to himself, his friend was so obvious with his affections, always wearing his heart on his sleeve.
If Benny was mad at him, he didn't necessarily act like it. He was acting peculiar but Dean couldn't put his finger on it just yet.
"Hey, Cas." He wiggled his fingers and grinned shyly.
Dean's brain screeched to a halt; he'd never even gotten close to thinking that before, especially about Benny, and he shook his head to dispel the thought guiltily. He vowed to give Benny the benefit of the doubt that he had earned in their two decade friendship. For now at least.
"Huh? Yeah, she's taking singing lessons. She'll get better." Dean looked earnest, obviously truly believing Lisa must be getting tutored by a musical genie.
Sam nodded enthusiastically. "Yeah, man, it's a fetish. Can be sexy…or not." He added when his brother scowled at him. "Just, give it a chance, okay? Just steer clear of...uh...lawboy0502 and you'll be fine."
Castiel smiled down at him and Dean's stomach actually had the nerve to swoop. He might be a little smitten already with this mysterious, flirty yet shy, beautiful man. If he could only reveal his station to him, he could court him properly but Dean wouldn't risk the mission like that. He couldn't take the chance that Castiel and his consorts might be offended by the subterfuge.
From what the guy had said earlier, they lived on opposite ends of town so Cas had twenty minutes to run to the store. It was only a block away and—he glanced at the abs in the guy’s profile pic—so entirely worth it. Cas grabbed his keys, slid on a pair of Croc knockoffs and made for the elevator.
"Well, he has full lips if that's what you mean. The jaw looks perfect already, and what you've sketched in for his nose is almost right. I think his may have been broken at one point? I can't be sure. I guess his eyes are kinda big for a man. Dark lashes, I think."
Gold star lesbian, Charlie Bradbury? Are you fucking kidding me?
"I'll just…um...yes…good night." Dean stumbled away, catching the hint of a smile from the stranger.
Benny shook his head as he mounted Crimson, the red roan Dean had gifted him upon his graduation as head guard, but then threw his head back with a laugh, "So crass, young prince."
"He gets lonely. I've had him since he was a foal and I...worry. It's too warm here." He murmured.
Dean laughed at first, then huffed nervously as he realised how close to the truth that was. It's fine. Shit. It's totally fine.
Dean sat with him then proceeded to spill his guts fucking everywhere. He even told Cas about his mom. That was tenth date kinda talk. Dean realised he had been talking a lot and tried to turn it around.
"Good talk, man." Dean called after him and the guy just raised his hand.
Age range 25-45
"Becky? Who is he? Becky!" Chuck yelled up the stairs. Dean decided this was his cue to go. He really didn't want to get involved.
"Yeah." The conversation stalled for a while but the silence was comfortable until it was broken by the emergency speaker.
Commander LaFitte of the Royal Guard stood in full uniform on the edge of a beautifully manicured courtyard. It was hotter than it should be and he was feeling a bit lethargic but luckily the grounds were empty, the sun at its highest and they were inside the keep- so very unlikely to be attacked. Who was he trying to fool? He was bored and just about ready for a nap.
Dean was 'ordered' to the front and he scowled at Benny when Gabriel kept Castiel close to him near the rear of their convoy. He sulked, not just because he couldn't talk to the man he had very nearly fallen for but because he couldn't tell him the truth. Cajoling Benny was no good because, again, he just earnestly asked Dean to trust him. He assumed Castiel was getting the same talk from Gabriel as every time he looked over his shoulder Castiel was staring at him and offering him a blushing smile. The feelings were there, he was sure of it, and he just needed to catch Cas before he met with Dean's parents. He wouldn't be able to hide himself by that point and he definitely didn't want Cas finding out by accident.
Dean didn't answer but propped his tablet up to face him then changed the mode from screen share to front facing camera.
It just so happened that, when humanity rose from the sea, crawled its way inland and made its home under green leaves and bright sunlight, each life grew a soul.
"Gabriel is my bro-"
A few days later and the guy was back at the window. It was a Sunday so he was only casually nude today, same as usual but even messier hair and at least he wasn't touching himself this time. Dean was working his way through the Netflix queue so had planted himself on their shared sofa.
Dean pulled down the neck of his tshirt to reveal the same ink just above his heart and Cas grinned.
Dean was laughing again. This time with his head and shoulders thrown back, teeth showing and his eyes squeezed shut. He was like a ray of sunshine in the small, dim space and Cas was too enamoured by it to be embarrassed about his faux pas masquerading as a joke, thank god.
Dean threw his phone down onto the sofa and rubbed his face. He felt like he'd just been sent to the Principal after getting interrupted jacking off in a closet. Equal parts turned on and told off. It really hit the spot so with a smirk he hurried to the shower to think about what he'd done.
They'd drifted close enough that when they looked up, they were nose to nose.
"Dean! Fuck!"
Dean scoffed. Straight to the point and cheeky as fuck. He thought for a while. He could invite the guy over for a bite to eat and a quick fuck, he could ignore him like a petty asshole or he could be honest and try to salvage what could be something pretty damn good.
"Come on, Benny. You've known me since I snuck out for the first time twenty years ago. I like a jape but I can be serious. Promise."
So the 376 service was the likeliest. That gave Dean a good start to find the guy without having to either wait a week or just stake out the bus stop like a creep. That gave him a radius of a couple of miles around each stop of the route. Dean sunk his hands into his hair, tugging at it. He needed a different angle.
Dean leant back in his chair to check her out from behind and Cas rolled his eyes. Then Dean leant forward, and gestured for Cas to do the same.
"Hey, you seen that guy over there?" Sam jabbed his thumb in the direction of the naturalist's apartment. Dean looked away from the soap opera he swore he never watched and looked out the window.
They exchanged contact details and, if Dean was going to be entertaining a more
Fluffy!? Dean patted his morning hair. Okay fine, maybe he had a point.
"Gay, straight, single, what?" Dean asked bluntly.
"I'm quite capable of locating the coffee pot, Dean." Cas walked off without a backwards glance. Dean clearly can't take a hint because Cas could hear him follow him to the kitchen.
"It's not smart to tease a vampire." Dean warned.
Jesus Christ, Anna. Not you too? Cas had come home from a class to find Dean in his house again. He and Anna were sitting close on the battered loveseat, their heads together, whispering. Sharing secrets. Cas felt a little sick if he was honest with himself and left before they could see him. Anna was his twin sister and the whole reason he was involved in this ad hoc (unofficially co-ed) living arrangement wherein he was the only man in a sorority. The house belonged to their parents and as Castiel was as 'gay as a rainbow' he was granted a room. It was kinda nice actually. He never ran out of hair products, he always had someone to talk to and Jo could fix damn near anything that went wrong in the old house.
“Fuck,” Dean murmured, almost tripping out of his pants as he goes, hopping up and down on one foot. “Fucking jeans are still wet from the rain.”
"Nah, just looking at more photos. Here look, this is my buddy Ceasar wearing the Roadhouse Mega Burger Challenge t-shirt and yes, that's an extra serving of nachos he's digging in to." Dean shook his head. "Man can eat!"
"Tell me what you see, Cas." Dean said softly, and Castiel took a deep breath too.
"Cas!" He ran to the man still standing awkwardly in their living room and pulled him into a hug. "It's good to see you, man!"
Cas' phone pinged.
He was sitting at the kitchen table nursing his second cup when none other than Dean Winchester strolled in as if he owned the place. Cas couldn't be bothered moving this time and figured if he couldn't drink coffee in the kitchen of his own damn house then where could he?
Dean tapped at his phone roughly while Sam sighed beside him.
"May I come in?" Cas practically purred, interrupting Dean's increasingly dirty thoughts involving that tie, and Dean jumped aside. "Thank you,
bonus full version of banner:
After they realised they'd both been oblivious, they made their way to the kitchen as usual. Cas laid it out. How he came to live in a sorority and who everyone was to him.
"Yeah, oh." Dean sounded kinda defeated and Sam immediately felt bad. "Can I go now, bitch?"
He poked his head into Dean's room, which was empty and unchanged apart from his laptop lying open on the small desk by the window. Sam huffed, he knew Dean took Sam's superior computer when he was out and he just hoped there wasn't anything gross on it when he got it back this time. He didn't have time to bother with it and ran to his room for the wine. Which wasn't where he left it. Shit. Sam dragged out the clothes surrounding the hiding place in his closet but there was a definite wine shaped hole. He took a deep breath and let it out. Dean. That asshole. He pinched the bridge of his nose and paced the room, ending up at the window.
"Ugh, fine." The bush shuddered erratically, shedding a few leaves, and a finely dressed young man fell out. Benny snorted and the man glared playfully. "How goes it, guard?" he asked imperiously, overtly so, gesturing wildly in a way that he probably thought was very grand. "What news in the kingdom?"
The hour session ended and Dean gratefully retreated from Lisa's room. He couldn't tell if he was lucky or not when he found Cas in the kitchen again.
"Oh no, just here for conversation." Gabriel grinned mischievously and beckoned Benny to lean down. "Do you think Cassie here will ever tell your pretty Sargent that he's a master horseman? On horses of all sizes."
He let the breath out in a gust. Asshole.
"Hello, Dean."
The ride was laborious, the small horses still slowing them down, and the silence had started to get oppressive. They could see the city by now as it sat as a graceful silhouette against the horizon. Dean's heart sank. He'd never been sad to see his home before and now he dreaded crossing the scant few miles.
"Higher than the 4th floor? No, thank you." The guy waved his hands in the universal gesture for 'no fucking way' and grimaced. Cas had to laugh at this grown man acting like he still had to take highschool gym.
Dean filled in the image as Cas spoke.
"Thank you, Sam." Castiel took off his jacket, then started on the zip of his hoodie. Sam threw up his hands and waved them wildly.
Dean chuckled but despite him being genuinely happy for those who had met their Soulmate, the stab of jealousy was sharp. He'd just have to keep paying attention and one day the moment will happen, birds will surely sing, sparks will fly and a rainbow will shoot out of some guy or girl's ass.
"Would you care to ride Baby? You've walked more than ridden so far, my lord," Dean chanced with a shy grin.
"I dunno, there's something to be said about improving your cardio." Cas was just trying to save face after a bad joke but it made his elevator-mate's eyes widen and a blush spread across his freckled cheeks. Cas leaned into the innuendo with a wink.
"Oh, did you? This can't wait. Up we come, this way." He pulled Castiel by the wrist and he stumbled to his feet. Dean was surprised by how Gabriel was treating his lordship but maybe they had a similar relationship to Benny and he. He watched Gabriel drag Castiel away and into his tent, seemingly bickering the whole way. Hah, they were more like Sam and…huh. Interesting.
The elevator shuddered as Cas’ thrusts picked up speed until Dean was crying out and coming between them with a gasp. Knowing Dean had come was enough to push Cas over the edge as well and lightning ran down his spine as he filled the condom.
Great. A masters degree? Dean didn't even have a bachelors, he barely had a diploma, for fucks sake. He rubbed his face and sighed.
After a simple dinner, mainlining roughly two liters of ice cream and some boring TV in his shitty apartment (sue him, he was feeling sorry for himself) Dean went to bed.
Dean was too busy being annoyed at Cas judging his new student to wonder what he meant by 'smooth move' and he jumped to her defence.
"Alright, Castiel. Need a hand?" Dean held out his forearm for Castiel to grab as he hoisted himself onto the much higher horse. Dean grabbed his muscular thigh and gave it a squeeze. "Comfortable? It might take some getting used to."
Dean nodded reluctantly and stared towards the campfire as if he could see through the leather of the tent. He had a quick wash with his canteen and lay back on his cot. "I do trust you. With my life. Sleep well, Benny."
Dean spent a long time looking through profiles before doing his own. He'd never even considered the language involved in his ideal sex life (and relationships) and as he scrolled, familiar and unfamiliar terms jumped out at him. Dean hadn't thought of himself as particularly 'kinky' but he was pleased to see that men wearing the finer type of underwear was pretty common and enjoying being bossed around in bed even more so.
It had been about six weeks when the doorbell rang and Sam was confronted with his Naked Neighbour. Up close he could see that his hair wasn't actually black as he'd thought, but dark brown and he had vivid blue eyes.
The building's large windows faced the apartment across the road almost directly but no one had lived there in a while. At least, Sam hadn't seen anyone in there for the last two years…until today. He watched a few guys move in boxes but only one stayed behind to unpack them.
"Thank you, good luck!" Benny hung up.
"Hello, Dean."
"Argh! What the fu-!?" Benny was unseated as Crimson reared up, startled by the large, wailing goat leaping at her. Benny jumped up immediately to soothe her, pulling her to himself and muttering sweetness such as 'you stupid horse' and 'what were you thinking, dummy?' softly to her whiskery nose.
"No. I…did not." He sat next to Castiel and dared to hold his warm hand, he was close enough to smell the fruity wine on his breath and Dean's voice dropped to a whisper. "I'm going home today and there's something I need to tell you before we get there. I…I'm not who—"
"Absolutely. Now what?" Cas asked eagerly.
"You knew! You ass!" Benny hissed and Gabriel shrugged.
He tapped lightly on Dean's door. "Hey, Dean?" He whispered. There was another squeak. "Dean?" Sam asked a little louder. "Are you okay?" he cracked the door silently. Sam really hadn't learned anything from walking in on Dean more than once when they first moved in together because he'd only gone and done it again. This time though, there wasn't some poor girl under him or obnoxiously loud porn emitting tinily from those ancient headphones, just Dean—bare assed—looking out the window and leaning on it like he wanted to fall through the glass. The cloud of condensation had a large smudged handprint in it which explained the thump-squeak.
Cas slapped at Dean's shoulder until he pulled off, looking at him curiously.
"Marriage? To whom?" He was already melancholy and this was not great news.
Dean just stared at him, mouth open. "The Novaks?! But we hate them? Don't we?"
Cas narrowed his eyes. "Dean. It's in my profile."
As carefully as possible, Cas lowered Dean to his feet, setting him down then collapsed against him. Both breathing heavily, Dean leaned in. With his forehead pressed against Cas’ shoulder and his hands tightly holding onto Castiel’s shirt, they held each other up.
Three hours and a shit tonne of paperwork found Dean driving Sam home to stay in his spare room for a while. He'd been on his damn deathtrap of a bike and was hit by some fancy ass SUV. Thank fuck the driver had the decency to stop and cover the co-pays. (Well, at least have the  common sense to not be an asshole when five cellphones and Sam's helmet cam were pointed at them.) Anyway, as the nurse had said, Sam was just bruised with a minor concussion and so it fell to Dean to keep an eye on the big idiot.
"Wha?" Dean had fallen asleep with his laptop open and it was making incessant noises at him. "Ugh."
It was dark when they finally reached the town, feet and hooves dragging as they led their horses through the empty marketplace toward an inn. "Wanna share?"
"He has very strong legs for moving through snow and a low centre of gravity for balance."
"Hmm." The man rose and dragged himself out of the kitchen.
Dean did the same. How he just happened to know all the girls in one way or another and how each of them had mentioned Cas but only to say how great he was. Nothing about who or what he was into. Cas admitted the same. He'd also asked around but assumed the radio silence, besides high praise, was some kind of 'don't kiss and tell' arrangement. Turns out there was no kissing to tell about.
Benny finally turned to look the prince in the eye. "Dean, it's a serious excursion this time. Not just picking up a new bauble for Lady Jessica. We're meeting a dignitary. The youngest member of the ruling clan of the North."
"Huh? Yeah, she's taking singing lessons. She'll get better." Dean insisted. It was only her second lesson.
Dean was embarrassed, annoyed, and worst of all pining, so he was moping. He lay on his sofa, cold blood pack in hand watching the worst game show in existence. He gave himself a sniff, grimaced then groaned as he unfolded himself from the same position he had been in for three days.
"Dean! Did you see him? What the hell is this guy's problem?" Sam banged on the door until Dean appeared fresh from a shower.
Sex Male
Dean confirmed everything with CCTV on the day then bundled the evidence together in a zip file to pass on to both parties. Password in place pending payment, Dean sent it all via direct message with a picture of Andrea as proof of find. Benny paid instantly then messaged Dean a string of borderline obscene compliments. He laughed to himself, wished them good luck and happiness and logged off.
At the end, Benny was satisfied the gorgeous woman Dean had drawn was his soulmate and Dean ran it through the system. Boop. Hmmm. Not on there. Not yet anyway.
Dean scowled up at the balcony that Sam was no doubt watching from in the distance. That little sneak!
-~.- ~hel..-.a.~-.okay?-.~- The static spluttered and Cas could vaguely make out the soft tones of the doorman. -~.non-prio.~-emergen~-.vices-~-gridl-~
[FaceMatchRep] Good morning. I can try!
Warmth mixed in with the overwhelming lust inside Cas’ chest but he didn't hesitate to take advantage of Dean's imbalance and gently push him against the wall. Dean glared playfully and Cas helped him out of the wet denim.
Yeah, he'd tried a few actual relationships with things on the spooky spectrum that just never worked out and, of course, he'd had a fling with the odd human here or there. That lost its appeal years ago, though, and now he just wanted to…he looked around his living room cagily as if someone was there reading his thoughts...
Dean shared his screen and turned on the mic.
He even checked the fridge although he doubted latex or silicone reacted particularly well to cold temperatures. Nothing, of course. Shit.
Cas was dressed in a Henley and jeans this time, and Dean couldn't understand how he got better looking every time he saw him. Maybe he was like a siren, or an incubus, shaping himself around Dean's denim clad fantasies but when Cas shot him a wide, gummy smile Dean shook himself and found he didn't care what he was. He grinned back. This was a far cry from the shy man the first time and the sassy fucker the second time, but it was certainly an improvement.
