Molly Hooper has seen her fair share of death. Working in a mortuary, it can’t exactly be avoided. She knows every piece of the human body inside and out, could put it back together like a puzzle if she had to. She’s seen everything from brain bleeds to burn victims to stabbings. It takes a lot to surprise her anymore.
He tried to wake Sherlock so many times. At first it was desperate, shaking and shouting and tossing a glass of water at his face. Then, it was just pathetic. He just talked. Talked and talked and hoped that Sherlock would surface enough to hear him.
“You turned his own bloody brain against him!” John’s cries are quickly growing louder, his face is carved from stone and breaking apart all at the same time. “You know what - you know what he said to me, at the end? That he was a fake! Tell me, Mycroft, who could have given him that idea? You and I both know - but he was convinced, and he asked me - he asked me to -” John broke down then, sinking to his knees, pressing his hands into the cold floor.
Greg lowers his gun. “No…” he shakes his head and steps back, gaze flicking between Sherlock and John. “No, Jesus, no -”
Mycroft tries to step forward. John’s fingers curl into a fist. “You did this,” he whispers blackly. “You did this to him! How could you do that? He’s your brother!”
And Sherlock didn't. Because everything was so much sharper, so much heavier, it was making him dizzy. John's voice had a thousand nuances he'd failed to consider, his eyes had flecks of color he'd forgotten about, and if this wasn't real then Sherlock was dead, and if he wasn't dead then he soon would be. Every sense was John, every breath was John, and Sherlock was a fool if he'd ever thought that a trick of his mind could somehow give him this.
John looked up, still hanging onto Sherlock's front, eyes bloodshot. "You berk," he mumbled. "It was meant to be a surprise and you disappeared! Mycroft told me about - and when we couldn't find you we thought..." he took a shuddering breath. "Thank God you're alright."
And what little he could see of John's face was red and splotchy, like he'd been crying. Now he wanted to be in this delusion even less. He didn't want John to be upset. Oh God, what if Sherlock had caused it? Was his subconscious really so cruel?
He’s more unkempt than she’s ever seen him. His hair is windswept - has he been running, or did the winds pick up? - and his eyes are crazed, though it’s clear he’s trying to keep a sense of control. But he’s snarling at her - that’s the only way she can think to describe it. “I was told,” he growls. “That my brother jumped from the roof of this institution.” He doesn’t ask it like a question. “Now I don’t know where this information came from, but I will have your highest officials terminated immediately if -”
Molly's heart breaks all over again. She's invading a private moment, she can feel it, but she can't look away. Mycroft Holmes, the Ice Man, the self-proclaimed machine, is sobbing into Sherlock's bloodstained Belstaff. He's groaning now, a deep sound from the pit of his stomach. "Jesus," he moans. "Sherlock, this couldn't have been me. This can't be because of what I - because Moriarty couldn't do that to you, or...but you knew better, you stupid boy, you knew better!"'
John was thoughtful for a moment. He seemed to really consider Sherlock’s words. Then he came over to lay his head on his shoulder. “You’re right,” he murmured into the fabric of Sherlock’s jacket. “You’re better off here with me.”
Before John, Baker Street was just an address. The rooms inside were just hollowed out boxes and furniture and functionality. Now, it was a home. John’s shampoo was on his shelf in the bathroom. His favorite pillow was on the left side of the bed, just where he’d always liked it. They'd even spray-painted a ridiculous smiley face behind the couch for target practice. Of course, John had pretended to disapprove of Sherlock’s considerably strange and dangerous pastimes, but they’d always laugh about it over the takeaway they had on the nights when neither of them felt like cooking.
In the end, it only takes a hour for Sherlock to reduce the list of suspects to two names only, having only three good enough pictures to help him. John spends the entire time walking between the kitchen and the garden table, taking the time to look at one of the pictures when Sherlock asks him, leaning over his shoulder for long minutes. Montgomery, smoking cigarette after cigarette, ends up staying until after one. Sherlock tries his best to remain focused on the conversation, John answering all of Montgomery's questions patiently. But there is John’s foot brushing his under the table each time he moves, and Sherlock finds he’d rather focus on that instead.
"Obviously," Sherlock replies, finally getting the door open. "The family must have payed for the second to be done as they pleased."
He smiled, again. Always. Didn’t stop, even after he left. I saw him smiling, going to his car and looking up at me. He had kissed me not a minute before, in the doorway, lingering just a little longer than during the three previous ones. He said he had to go - for the fifth time - his lips still pressed against mine. I felt his breath against my skin, his lips moving against mine, tasted his smile.
“I thought we established that yes,” Sherlock replies, lips curling into a smile, and John imitating him.
John turns back to Sherlock just in time to see Matthew's hand slide dangerously down his back. "Alright," he declares, another pang of jealousy taking over him, and he gets to his feet, taking Arnold's hand.
Sherlock is the first to reach out, placing a hand on John’s chest and pushing until he’s on his back again. John watches him shift closer, still on his side, but now pressed back against him.
"Your father is an idiot," Sherlock comments from behind them, and John turns to glare at him. "Even old age hasn't changed that."
John exhales loudly, desperately wanting to intervene now but knowing Sherlock still needs time, still is in control.
Sherlock is still staring when John stands up and before he can understand what is truly happening, they find themselves out and alone again. Loud cheering on the other side of the road make them both jump in surprise, and John clears his throat before saying, “You live far from here?” Sherlock shakes his head, not certain he can trust his voice right now. “I could walk you home, if you want.”
“Oh, you’re from the police!” John exclaimed, as if it was all making sense now and Sherlock hurried to correct him.
Another laugh escapes him, but the intense concentration in Sherlock's eyes forces John to fall silent. They don't say much for a long moment, Sherlock exploring all of him with some remarks here and there, and really, it shouldn't be that arousing. But John is now aching for more, his entire body shivering under Sherlock's touch, and when he's being pushed down onto his back, he can't help but moan Sherlock's name.
“Body heat,” John repeats, looking everywhere but at him. “It seems like the most efficient way of warming up. I’m sure you know perfectly well how it works.”
One of John’s hand find his chest, forcing Sherlock’s eyes back to his, and they stare at each other for a long moment, silence settling between them again. Sherlock keeps all he still has to say to himself, letting John’s fingers begin to trace patterns, from his navel to his sternum, slowly moving up and down without ever going further. Sherlock wonders if John has thought of this too, about what it’d feel like to let their skin discover each other.
"Slow down," Lestrade declares, typing what he just said quickly. "What about you?" He asks, looking up at John.
Sherlock is the one to walk out of the room first, their hands brushing as he passes next to him and John has to repress a shiver. "I'll go get your room ready," he declares.
Sherlock allows himself a second more to regain some composure before turning around. His eyes find the small, hesitant smile on the man’s lips immediately, and he forces himself to look away just as quickly. He really can’t just
He all but flees the room, eyes locked to the floor and speeding up once out of sight. Taking the stairs two by two as silently as he can, John flies the door open, taking a quick look around. First, the clothes on the chair, making sure it’s folded and somewhat clean. Then, the wardrobe, closed and with no peek at anything too personal. Finally, the bed. He tugs on the sheets, flattens the cover, rearranges the pillow. It only occurs to him, with Sherlock’s footstep getting closer, that his genius of a friend might actually deduce everything he just did.
, in plain sight between each lines, John still can’t let himself believe… well, all of it. He had known, writing his own letter, that he could have hid his feelings better, could have danced around it and let Sherlock deduce whatever he wanted from him, but he had chosen to be honest instead. And apparently Sherlock had followed his example without question.
Sherlock let his head rest on the door again, breathing out slowly to regain some control. “Yes,” he replied before moaning when John bit down at the sensitive skin where his jaw met his neck. “Now.”
Sherlock barely has the force to shake his head before John’s lips are being pressed against his now, and then he forgets about all the rest. He closes his eyes this time, already feeling the same need for more take over him, and he lets both of his hands close around John’s coat. He moans softly when he feels John’s fingers threading through his hair, adding more pressure to the kiss, and he doesn’t hesitate to part his lips, already desperate for more. John’s taste is just the same as in his memories, and he only pulls away when he realises he’s about to make a fool of himself in the middle of the street.
“I almost want to take a bath now,” John continues, having now stopped in front of Sherlock’s door. “But that would only make it worse afterward.”
Sherlock looks back at John, finding him so very close, "But you wouldn't have minded sleeping in the downstairs bedroom."
"I don't know," John shrugs, hoping he's not making a fool of himself. "You seem a bit... distant lately."
Sherlock's lips curl into an amused smile, "You do know she won't stop fussing about it after that."
“Is everything alright? Were you-” John hesitates, eyes going from Sherlock’s head to his shoes. “Were you looking for me?”
Sherlock rolls his eyes but smiles too, and John finds himself thinking of holding his hand. Maybe later, on their way back to Sherlock’s parents. For now, he desperately wants to dig into Sherlock’s past. They reach Sherlock’s hiding spot quickly and then, John can do nothing more but listen avidly to each words coming out of Sherlock’s mouth. He laughs at the memories of long nights spent watching just a few flowers, out there in the cold. He mokes gently at the tell of Sherlock’s sulk spent there, having absolutely no trouble picturing a younger version of Sherlock waiting here for hours. It’s only when Sherlock’s phone chimes with a text that they realise just how long they’ve been here.
"John," Sherlock pants when they part for air, remaining so very close. John kisses his way from his jaw to his ear, daring to lick the skin there. "John," Sherlock moans again, seeking his lips again for another burning kiss.
Innerly John screamed triumphantly. The compliments were working and perhaps with a bit of adrenalin he could get a nice flirt out of the other while they were waiting for their plane. Ah, the plane or more the currently least interesting thing on John’s mind. Going home for Christmas suddenly seemed so dull in comparison to what they were up to at the moment.
. John gives up on writing down the case, picking up a new book instead and letting his imagination take him somewhere else. Sherlock doesn’t move much from his chair, writing and writing. Night is falling by the time John finishes his book, closing it with a content sigh and looking up to find Sherlock just as engrossed in his notes than hours ago.
“Sherlock,” John’s voice came from behind him and Sherlock turned around, not used to being interrupted during his deductions, “A little nicer maybe?”
The sound of Toby walking around the house downstairs finally forces John out of bed, and he makes sure to put on one of his jumpers before leaving the room. Walking silently down the stairs, he quickly puts the kettle on and opens the door to the garden for Toby. He watches him for a long moment, running around the garden before coming back to him, and John smiles, “You took care of him when I didn’t.” Toby barks happily, shaking his head and laying down next to one of the chairs. “Thank you.”
“What I felt, no, feel, when it comes to you is, and has always been, far from simple friendship, John.”
With one last smile, John turned his back to him and walked away. Sherlock’s mind supplied him with three differents way of calling the soldier back and hold his attention for the rest of the night. He clearly saw the spark of interest in the man's eyes during their time together, and Sherlock didn’t bother to deny the fact that he was equally attracted. He only needed to call John’s name, propose him to look for a hotel together and let Jon work it out. It wouldn’t take him long to realise they could finish the night in the same bed and part in the morning, like any grown up.
John smiles, resisting the urge to take his hand, not certain how Sherlock would react with someone else being there. "We won't be long."
“You can deduce anyone, right?” John asks, and Sherlock thanks him silently for the change of subject, and he nods. “What about the people here?”
XX32: Sherlock, I’d pack and come right now if I could. But that would be rushing into something I haven’t quite wrap my head around yet. I really, really don’t want to mess it all up by going too fast.
He waits another second or so before reaching for the light and turning it off. Darkness surrounds them like a second duvet, warm and comfortable. He doesn’t keep his eyes open too long, focusing on his breathing. Trying to ignore Sherlock’s presence would be foolish considering the tangible distance between them right now, and so John doesn’t. He slowly lets himself get used to it, his own skin warming up to Sherlock’s body heat.
"No," John replies, shaking his head. "I fell in love with you when you spent days on that sofa, not talking. That's part of your charm, really."
"Rosie," John calls, using his best dad voice and failing miserably at getting her attention as she opens the door and steps out. Sherlock remains where he is, still looking at him, his smile much softer now. "Please, tell me they serve actual food there."
“I know how it works John. I already have a plan: catch the man and give him to the german authorities. They’re looking for him like every other police in Europe.”
"Come on," John smiles, kissing over his eyelid. "I told Rosie we'd go out for diner, it's late already."
John rolls his eyes, “I know that, yes. But with your whole mind over transport thing, I thought maybe this wasn’t something you…. experienced.”
“Yes,” he breathes, his own hands sliding down to John’s trousers before recapturing his mouth for another kiss. They continue to slowly undress each other until Sherlock can do nothing more but stare at John’s erection pressed against his own, something warm and bright exploding deep inside him. “John,” he cries out, head thrown back at the first thrust of John’s hips.
John growled, “Bed!” He didn’t even let Sherlock act for himself but just picked him up from against the door. For a moment he was startled by the lack of weight. Sherlock was a lot lighter than he had expected but he didn’t comment on it,  just pushed him down on the bed. The sheets were already crumpling up around them. So John simply pulled the duvet off the rest of the way when he crawled over Sherlock. He pressed their lips together with one hand already sliding its way underneath annoying fabric onto smooth skin.
His hand has slipped under Sherlock’s shirt, his palm being currently pressed directly against the bare skin of his chest, and John has to resist the urge to stroke. He focuses on Sherlock’s heartbeat instead, slow and regular. His smile grows with each beat, intangible proof of the realness of this moment. Daring the smallest of movement, he brushes, ever so softly, his nose against Sherlock’s nape. Shivers run through Sherlock’s body, and John marvels at the fact of being able to feel them. One more stroke, with just the caress of his lips this time.
) I read your letter last night and wanted to call then, but I thought I should think first, run things through before ending up saying nonsense, so yeah, I’m calling now. And rambling. (
"But I liked talking to you that night," John says, one finger tracing the line around his eyes. "It allowed me to realise I was truly back, with you."
Sherlock isn’t sure in which exact order it happens next, John smiling, his eyes opening, their fingers playing together and their lips meeting so very softly. But it’s alright because John kisses him a second time, and a third, and by the fourth, Sherlock has found back all of his mental faculty and begins to store away the feelings and sounds and sensations.
“It’s no fair, that’s all,” Sherlock says, sighing. “How long it’s been since that night and how we are only doing this now.”
The outside air makes him shiver, the few people there either smoking or laughing too loudly, but John ignores them. He lets Sherlock and Matthew walk away before starting to follow. He takes out his phone, pretending to talk to someone. Matthew's arm around Sherlock's waist is all he can see, the fingers splayed across Sherlock's hip and he has to take a deep breath to regain some composure. He has no idea where Sherlock is leading him, or what this Matthew is capable of. Sherlock wouldn't have pretended to date him for seven months if it wasn't a serious case, and therefore a dangerous killer.
Sherlock doesn’t reply, silence filling the room. Sherlock can’t help but notice the marks under John’s eyes, deeper than the last time they saw each other.
“Why don’t we wait a little,” John says, leaving a trail of kisses along his jaw. “I’d like to kiss you some more, if that’s alright with you.”
“Right.” John said before finishing his drink. He put the glass aside and sat more comfortably in his chair. “Tell me about your cases.”
“I simply tell all the facts, John,” Sherlock replies, sitting down next to him, glancing at Thomas. “Why don’t you come for lunch Saturday?”
Sherlock turns to face John, reading on his face a silent question, and he shakes his head slowly, taking a step closer, “No. It is not.”
She runs to Sherlock as soon as he arrives and he catches her with a small laugh. John can’t help but stare at him, suddenly very much aware that he is now allowed to do so. He can let him see, don’t have to look away anymore. And so, when Sherlock’s eyes find his, all bright still, John makes sure he can read it all on his face.
“I’m going to get them now then.” He stands up too, leaving his cup on the table. “Thank you for the coffee John.”
The both of them are still on the floor, Timothy cearly not yet processing that his friend is actually here and Quentin yelling louder and louder. The scene could have almost been funny if not so heartbreaking.
“John!” He cried out, this time not caring about John’s reaction when he pushed down on the fingers inside him. “Would you just get on with it already?” He snapped, the need to have John’s cock in him now too pressing for Sherlock to bare any more teasing.
This is the last chapter ! We hope you liked this story, were sure had a great time writing it together !
“I never asked,” he continues, desperate not to let silence settle between them,  “but how did you find it in the first place?”
Sherlock gives him a sharp nod, saying “I’m taking Toby with me” before turning his back to him again and disappearing down the hall.
Sherlock doesn’t tell him he has no idea what feeling like a teenager is supposed to mean, and forces himself to look away from John’s lips as he says, “You were the first one to react like that to one of my deductions.”
“Is it confidential or…” John asks, shifting closer on the bench and Sherlock does his best to pretend he hasn’t noticed. “I mean, you must have to follow some rul-”
) John, your letter, I - You have to know, those things you wrote, I’ve never dared to dig that much into you, never dared to push my deductions that far. I always stopped myself, always looked away and focused on something else. This, all this, it was private, not mine to look for. (
"You realise it's all fine," John says, suddenly afraid. "It's perfectly all right to have had doubts."
"Of course," Mrs Hudson smiles and John watches as the question she's been obviously dying to ask finally breaches her lips, "What about Matthew then?"
“Yes, alright,” John says, trying to control his pounding heart. “There’s something we can try, we won’t even have to remove our clothes.”
He walks to Sherlock slowly, only hesitating a second before sliding both arms around his waist and resting his forehead against his upper back. He feels Sherlock shiver, feels him tense too only to relax immediately, almost leaning back into him. Smiling, John murmurs, "There is only one thing I should have told you so many times, and even if I hadn't found you with Horsen tonight, I was coming to tell you anyway."
, just this. The closeness, the intimacy. John’s warm hands and his compact body pressed against mine. His lips, his lips, his lips.
“Sherlock,” John says, firm but smiling, “Stop worrying. I enjoyed this a lot, very much actually, and I would love to do just that again, right now in fact.”
John exhales loudly, one hand coming up to trace patterns on Sherlock's back, "Did you think it would happen at some point?"
Sherlock is about to ask more about the attempt when John begins to laugh, eyeing the two of them before saying, “Are you sure you don’t want to stay for lunch, I’m sure Sherlock can solve it by then.”
“Clearly it’s not working,” Sherlock points out, another long shiver running through John despite the duvet.
Sherlock stares at him for a long moment, "There's something you need to understand, John. Fantasies are all I’ve have for years, but you are very real right now. And earlier at the club, feeling you desperate for me made me realise that all those fantasies weren't enough. When you take me to bed tonight, I believe that how they say, I don't want just friction and kissing."
“It’s not,” John replies, shifting closer and closing his own eyes. “But we’re worth fighting for, yeah?” Sherlock smiles, nodding slightly and John seals their lips again for a tender, gentle kiss. And before either of them can do anything about it, sleep finds them snuggled together.
“I know. I wanted to say it out loud,” John smiles, kissing his shoulder. “Letters helped, but it’s time we actually talk, don’t you think?”
is happening sink in. This other Sherlock make it seems all so easy and yet so out of reach at the same time. How am I supposed to trust myself for what is going to happen next. I
John watches in awe as Sherlock’s cheeks manage to get even redder, “You’re making it harder with all the blushing, you know.”
“Stop,” Sherlock warns, already prepared to run away from this conversation at the first opportunity.
“I’m sure I can find some upstairs,” he replies, coffee not having crossed his mind at all, “if you want one.”
“Sherlock,” John stops him. “I don’t want to act like a family. I want, during those four days, to truly become a family.” He takes a step forward, heart pounding. “So I am not going to play along and let your parents see what they want to see. Instead, I am going to show you, during those four days, just how brilliant we could be, together.” Another step closer. Sherlock’s eyes are fixed on him, wide open. “For four whole days, I am going to seduce you, Sherlock Holmes. So I need you to tell me if…” he breathes in deeply, chasing the ache forming inside his chest away. “I need you to tell me if this isn’t something you want. I’ll forget about it, won’t talk about it and remain your friend. But I need you to tell me.”
“No,” Sherlock corrects him quickly. “I’m a consulting detective, only one in the world. Whenever the Yard need help, they call me, which is often, as you can expect.”
“Don’t,” he whispers, desperately hoping John would don his share of courage, because with his heart already on the edge of exploding inside his chest, Sherlock isn’t sure he can do much than just that. “Stay.”
“It just won’t-” Sherlock mutters under his breath, and John represses a laugh as he steps closer without pressing himself too much against him. “There!”
"I do miss her," Sherlock continues, and John forces himself not to close his eyes with relief. "I know I've barely seen her, and that I have absolutely no rights whatsoever to her well-being, but I can't let you think I do not care about her."
“Stop,” John commands to the silent room, and he doesn’t bother cursing against the too familiar voice in his head. He reaches for the pile of jumpers on the lower shelf, placing them carefully on top of his shirts and finally closing the suitcase. He stares down at it, his fingers shaking and the ache spreading throughout his chest making it hard to breathe.
"Yes," John replies, unable to stop himself from kissing Sherlock's temple for a long moment. "It is." Sherlock remains where he is, unmoving. "When did you know?"
"I can remember the day I took it perfectly," Sherlock breathes, wishing nothing more but to erase the sad lines all over John's face. "You insisted we celebrate her birthday even if we were in the middle of a dangerous case. Just the three of us."
"No, nothing, sorry," John apologizes quickly, cursing himself silently as he closes his eyes for the rest of the ride.
John decides for an easy subject during the ride to this mysterious restaurant and asks Sherlock a bit more about the case they received just before leaving. A few paintings having been stolen in a summer residence of a wealthy business women. Sherlock had seemed intrigued enough and had emailed her back saying he will look into it. They hadn’t had time to discuss it really before they had to pack and go, and so John was surprised to find out Sherlock had already almost solved it. He listens carefully to each of his deductions and theories, pointing out details that seems strange or important, and by the time they’re parking, John is fairly certain they’ll be able to find the said paintings once they’re back in London.
"I'm sure you'll adore him," he finally breathes out, looking back at Rosie still playing and finding it quite easy to picture this exact same scene in the warm, comfortable living room of 221B. Rosie makes a small sound of agreement, now staring back at him, and John forces himself to get up. "Come on, let's finish dressing up before it gets dark."
Sherlock licks his lips, staring down at John’s and desperately wanting to kiss him. “I’ve thought about this so many times, John, but I have no idea what I’m doing.”
“Obvious,” Sherlock muttered, his cheeks feeling a bit too warm and hoping he wasn’t actually blushing. “I trust you to guard the bathroom door.”
John pulls away just enough to look at him, eyes smiling, “You are truly incredible, you know that?” Sherlock closes his eyes, not caring about blushing anymore. “You’re breathtaking, Sherlock Holmes, and anyone would think this is completely insane but I don’t bloody care.” Sherlock forces himself to look back at him, heart pounding. “I have no idea why I can’t seem to be able to move, or even want to move right now, but I really, really don’t mind.”
Since Sherlock had woken up just as the movie ended that day, John had been trying to let him see all that he had kept hidden for so long. If it turned out not to be as easy as expected, the habits he had developed over the years to keep it all inside were hard to forget after all, and John couldn’t help but wonder if he’s doing it wrong. He had watched Sherlock get to his feet, mumbling that he had to go check on an experiment before leaving him alone in the living room, and now four days later, they still hadn’t talked about what John had confessed in a whisper. At first John had thought he might need time to think, and he hadn’t pushed the matter further even when Sherlock had declared he wasn’t hungry and spent the entire evening (and night) working on his experiment. John had lain in bed, staring at the ceiling and trying his best not to let second thoughts overwhelm him.
“Ladies and Gentlemen, the flight 432 to London will be a few minutes delayed. Thank you for your understanding.”
“He wanted me to build him a ship up there first,” Patrick says. “We’ve figured a house would do just fine.”
“I will. Bye, sweetheart,” John smiles, and he hears her own smile in her voice when she tells him goodbye before hanging up.
"Oh why?" Matthew asks, looking back at him. "Sherlock keeps mentioning you whenever he talks about all the cases he solved, and I've always wanted to meet the famous John Watson."
“I’m not good at this. I don’t know what to say or what to do, and I don’t want you to think I don’t care, I do, I truly do, but…”
“Yeah, you can say that,” John smiles. “I didn’t expect to see you, and yet you looked like you belonged there, dancing as if you were the only one in the club, looking absolutely beautiful.” Sherlock closes his eyes, warmth spreading to his face. “I couldn’t stop looking at you, Sherlock.”
John is being an idiot, and Sherlock loves him to a point it makes something ache inside his chest. They are already walking up the three stairs to his parent’s front door, snow having transformed the landscape into a white desert, and John is looking at him half alarmed, half resigned.
Quentin is off and running toward a tall, blond man in less than a second, all but knocking the man - Timothy, to the floor. John and Sherlock follow quickly, Quentin’s scream earning them glares and sighs.
“I want to show you something,” Sherlock says, looking at him with a small, private smile. “And I’d figured we could take advantage of my parents fussing over Rosie to have some time of our own.”
“Toby,” Sherlock says finally, looking around him. “We’re going home.” The irish setter comes ruining towards them, going to Sherlock and lapping at his hand. “Do you need help with that suitcase?” he asks, and John smiles, looking down.
Sherlock mumbles something against his skin, and John chuckles, finding he has no trouble understanding him anyway. They don't move for a long moment, learning how to breathe again, together. It's only new shivers running through Sherlock that makes John reach for the covers and place it above their naked bodies.
The soldier in him looked up, trying to figure out whether the voice could present a potential threat. A lithe frame was really not what he had expected to go along with the booming voice still echoing in his ears. “Aren’t you a pretty one.” He murmured under his breath, “But sadly very hotheaded how it seems.” He turned away again. There was no denying that what he had seen and was still hearing was quite attractive but perhaps his mind was also only supplying that because he hadn’t seen anyone out of fatigues for the past five months. Either way, the stranger wasn’t his concern at the moment but his stomach was and that growled for food especially now that they appeared to have quite a lot of waiting time ahead of them.
"I wouldn't have minded at all, no," John smiles, eyes dropping to his lips, and Sherlock inhales deeply. "But we're in the same bed now."
And I know I did. I remember perfectly each birthday, each school celebration, each evening spent laughing over dinner, each walk in the park and late-night crime scene. I had a childhood every kid in the world hopes for, and that is all thanks to them. These two grown men acting like teenagers, hiding their joined hands under a restaurant table in the hopes I won't notice. The wrinkles don't matter, nor the years that put them there. Right now, I only have to look up to know they both haven’t felt this young in decades.
But John only asked, a smile still attached to his lips, “Aren’t you a bit young to be a detective?”
Sherlock looks back out the window, and John glances at Montgomery, entirely focused on his phone. Shifting closer, he lets his hand rest near to Sherlock's, a clear invitation that can either be ignored or accepted. "Is everything alright?"
Byt the time they get around to eating dinner, Sherlock monopolises the conversation with a new cold case he’s been trying to solve and John listens attentively, knowing when to ask questions and when to keep quiet. Their eyes meet over the table the entire time, and when Sherlock stands up only to go lie on the sofa and close his eyes, John doesn’t say anything. He leaves the dishes for tomorrow, taking care of Rosie and going through her bedtime routine while chatting with her.
“Right,” John exhales loudly. "That's going to one interesting holiday." Sherlock smiles again, almost tentatively, and John smiles back. "You really have a way to put us in such situations, you know."
“Pardon me, but it’s getting rather late,” one of the hotel staff intervened, “we are closing this area for the night.”
Sherlock felt his cock pulsed and he wondered how John would react if he were to touch himself right now. Would he punished Sherlock with strong pushes against his postrate? Or would he chase Sherlock’s hand away only to replace it with his own? The thoughts made Sherlock bite his lips, hoping his face wouldn’t betray his fantasy but John was concentrate on driving him mad with lust. Sherlock just decided to find out when John added a fourth finger, Sherlock losing the ability to think properly.
“Why don’t you make sure this won’t get worse and grab a pillow,” he finally offers. “I’ll wait upstairs.”
what is going to happen, and John smiles that bright smile of his, so Sherlock lets go and breathes. He’s careful not to locked himself into his mind palace, fearing he might not be able to come back until he’s stored every seconds of the day they just have, and when Rosie announces she’ll shower first, he forces himself to offer, “Would you want a hot chocolate after?”
John seems to consider it for a moment, eyes roaming all over his face and Sherlock realises they have stopped, the house in sight now. “I’ll think about it,” he finally replies, something warm and bright on his face, and for a moment, Sherlock is certain he’s going to get kissed. But John looks away, clearing his throat. “I had thought about it a few years ago, when Rosie kept on asking us questions about each case she read on the blog.”
His phone buzzing startles him, and John takes it out quickly, unable to repress a laugh when he reads the text.
John kisses him softly, starting to straighten up and Sherlock follows quickly. One finger brushing Sherlock's curls off his forehead, John says, "I'm going to go upstairs, but you're going to take your time before joining me. We're both craving more right now, but I don't want to rush this."
"Right," John smiles, having now guessed from Sherlock's fantasies that the discovery of each other is important. "Go ahead."
John stretches back his fingers, holding to one of the chair instead, "Could you look at me?" Sherlock turns around with a sigh. Neither of them saying a word, John tries to read on his face what he's hiding, what might be wrong, but he's faced with a closed Sherlock. In every sense of the term apparently. "I know it's been a while, but I thought we could-"
John puts the costume on top of his clothes quickly, putting his coat back on and placing the mask in his pocket. It’s not as if he was going draw any attention, especially tonight, but still.
"My room?" Sherlock frowns before realising what it means. He looks away, feeling himself blush. "Oh."
“I’m sure,” Sherlock replies, taking their two suitcases. “If we talk about it then we’re going to overthink it and it might ruin it all.”
“Sherlock,” John says, interrupting him. “You are doing more than fine for now.” He strokes his hand again, smiling. “As for all that’s yet to come, we can figure it out together as it comes. Does that sound alright with you?”
"You can't stay," Sherlock exclaims, not giving him the chance to find an end to his sentence anyway.
John swallows slowly, Sherlock’s mesmerized by his adam apple, and he feels John tug on their hands as he licks his lips. They make their way to Sherlock’s bedroom quickly, climbing onto the bed after removing both of their shoes, and John immediately reaches for him. Sherlock goes willingly, his entire body melting into John’s, lying face to face. He keeps his head on his own pillow, remembering all too well what they’re both craving for right now, and when John tangles their leg together, Sherlock is
"Isn't it what we do best?" Sherlock asks, taking John by surprise. "Don't look at me like that. I'm simply pointing out facts, isn't it what you're trying to do?"
Sherlock doesn't reply, pulling him closer and kissing him again, deeply. John breathes out loudly, kissing him back with passion, desperate to make Sherlock understand that they do have all the time in the world to discover all there is to know about each other.
He can’t help the bright laughter escaping him, and he’s about to knock when he hears a car pulling in behind him. He turns around out of habit, unconsciously checking out for any danger, and his heart stops when he sees Sherlock getting out of a cab, his phone stuck to his ear. It only takes a second for John to realise he’s listening to his message, and when their eyes meet, John remembers to breathe. Sherlock is completely still, eyes locked on him, and John can tell the exact moment when he reaches the end of the voicemail. The whole street goes silent around them as Sherlock lowers his arm only to hit something on his screen and then the phone is back to his ear.
It takes some more kissing before they can detach themselves from the other, John rolling to his back and making a quick work of undressing, using his shirt to clean himself. He throws it all on the floor, turning on his side right after to look back at Sherlock. As expected, the whole nakedness of him is absolutely breathtaking. For long minutes, neither of them say a word, silently discovering the other’s body with their eyes only. John tries not to think of the softness around his middle, nor the too many marks on his skin, but watching the amazement in Sherlock’s eyes makes him think he’s doing quite okay.
Sherlock walks past him to get the costume Matt had placed on the sofa, "You were right. You should be pleased. Matt is attentive and understands me in many different ways. I'm happy with him."
Feeling suddenly proud of being the source of Sherlock’s sexual awakening, John can’t help but beam at him, “Me?”
Sherlock waits, silent. He’s not sure what the first sign will be exactly, so he doesn’t move, doesn’t breath still. He waits, and nothing comes.
Victor claps Sherlock’s shoulder, his hand remaining there afterward, “Thank you! You know what, let me buy you dinner to properly thank you.”
Sherlock is still staring at the flowers a full five minutes later when he remembers what he did with the vase a few years ago.
“Not my thing” Sherlock’s voice came from the bed, a bit fainter than John had expected so he turned around. The sight that hit him left him grinning and pulling an eyebrow up.
I wish I could tell you about the first time I thought about kissing or touching you. I wish it could be that simple, telling you how much it made me sick with want, watching you move around me and never being able to reach out. I wish I could tell you about all the times I stood outside your door, barely breathing and wondering what would happen if I just walked in. I wish I could tell you about all the times my body took over, all the times I took pleasure thinking about you and felt raw, guilty afterwards. But I can’t, John, because that would be ruining it, too, wouldn’t it? It isn’t normal to feel this way about someone else, to want to crawl inside their body and stay there forever.
“We’ve learned from those past few years,” John says. “We know how to make sure it is going to last.”
"I figured you'd like the costume," John smiles, placing the pasta on the table, "but not that much."
Morning welcomes John with small kisses along his fingers and palm. He stirs, sighing happily. Sherlock stops his tender treatment only to look back at him and claim his mouth in a smiling kiss which John obliges him gladly, sliding his hand back against his chest. It’s only in the middle of the third one that John realises the exact state he’s currently in, and the thought makes him go so very still. Sherlock, obviously, catches on.
“I am well aware, yes. But it doesn’t change the fact that you need a plan. Especially, when you want to arrest someone.” John persisted and Sherlock sighed, walking toward the exit.
“No family reunion? A romantic dinner maybe?” John inquired and Sherlock crossed his hand on his laps, no trying to hide his smile.
Sherlock’s mother is already outside waiting for them when they park. The house doesn’t look the same in the middle of summer. John wonders if they could go and take a walk in the four days to come, getting to know Sherlock’s past a bit more.
“Don’t ask me,” John replies, folding his letter and placing it back inside the envelope. His hands are shaking slightly, and he forces himself to focus on his breathing before looking back up Sherlock. “I’ve read your letter.”
Sherlock’s eyes snap back open at the word, and he finds himself staring at an apparently still dazzled John. He estimates his window of escape to be only a few seconds, and takes advantage of them to memorize the lines on John’s face, eyes still closed and his breath short. He wonders for just a moment if he shouldn’t just drag John out of here and let whatever
Sherlock closes his eyes, not giving Mycroft the pleasure of hearing him sigh over the phone. "I'm old Mycroft, not senile. I remember perfectly."
A long minute passes before Sherlock turns around in his arms, looks directly into his eyes and whispers, “Are you scared?”
“I guess I should go get my bags back.” John finally declared, his eyes crossing Sherlock’s for less than a second. “It was nice meeting you, Sherlock Holmes.”
"Hi there." John's eyes snap back open, taking in the Zorro mask and blue eyes behind it. "Here alone?"
“I think you’re taking the whole seducing me part very seriously,” Sherlock whispers. “A success in every aspect so far.”
Sherlock licks his lips, nodding without even thinking of saying it back, but John is already walking away, the sounds of his footsteps on the stairs echoing in the now silent living room for a long moment. “Goodnight, John,” he breathes, a heavy weight in his chest.
"Yes," he replies finally. "Mr Fines is a very ordinary man, with no apparent intention of hurting Sherlock."
“What make you think he will not take his briefcase to the toilet ?” John asked, actually pointing out a possible flaw in his plan.
"I'm going to stop asking you if you're alright now," John smiles, "but promise you'll tell me if something's wrong."
He can't help but smile when he notices Sherlock glaring at Matthew, saying something that makes the other man laugh and pull him closer for a kiss. Looking away quickly, John walks to the nearest waiting cab, slamming the door once he's in, "See the couple there," he says to the driver, pointing to where Sherlock is still being kissed on the pavement. "I'm going where they're going."
“That guy keeps looking over here,” Lestrade grins, and Sherlock represses a sigh as he catches the DI staring at something- someone- above his right shoulder.
Something bright is now dancing in John’s eyes, making it hard for Sherlock to focus on anything else.
Mrs Hudson laughs, kissing her a few times before looking back at him, "You've come to see Sherlock, I suppose?"
Sherlock only had the time to hear the door closing before he was pushed against it with force, John’s body pressing against his and their mouths crashing together abruptly. Sherlock moaned, the sound low in his throat and he felt John’s hands cupping his face, tilting his head so he could depend the kiss. There was no time for tender brush of lips and quiet discovery of each other mouth, and really, Sherlock should have known John was a man of action. He circled John’s waist with his arms bringing their bodies even closer as he parted his lips. He let John’s tongue invaded his mouth, the other man’s taste strong and making Sherlock want more and more.
John wonders if he realises what he's saying, if this is someone a way to get back at him, but Sherlock shows no signs of continuing so John takes a careful step toward him. "I've brought Rosie with me," he says.
He remains there, looking at the garden he’s slowly learning to love, and thinking about the days that just passed. The tension that had filled them both during lunch that first day had dissipated during the afternoon, Sherlock going about his usual business while John had tried to help without getting in his way. In the end, they had both went to the local store, Sherlock remaining mostly silent as John filled their trolley, but it had felt good just to have him there. Sherlock had skipped dinner that day, and John hadn’t said anything, eating on his own in the garden while watching him attend to his hives. Strangely, he hadn’t felt alone a single instant, sitting there with all the other chairs empty. He had slept perfectly that night, a quiet night without any nightmares or insomnia to disturb him, and he had woken up long after Sherlock did.
"Yes," John cuts him off, refusing to let it go once again. "Do you know you always do this?" Sherlock frowns, and John can't help but smile. "Every time I do something bad, every time I cross the line, you act as if I was still so bloody exemplary, that I just slipped but didn't mean any of it."
“Forty minutes,” Sherlock says. “I looked it up when I moved in.” John squeezes his hand, the two of them knowing perfectly well why he had done so. Sherlock shakes his head, ignoring the pang of regret in his chest and saying instead, “A publishing company has been asking for months to turn my cases into a book.”
Sherlock had caught signs, here and there, small and almost too quick, but there. For three whole months, Sherlock had been wondering and it is slowly driving him mad. Right now, for example. John is making breakfast when it’s already ten to noon, despite the fact that Sherlock stated, rather loudly, that he wasn’t hungry, and Sherlock can’t seem to be able to focus on anything else but John’s hip slowly moving to the music. He can’t remember when he turned on the radio for that matter, but it seems like a very good idea in this instant. Sherlock sighs, head falling in his hands. March 23rd already and he hasn’t made any kind of progress.
“I like to think it’s a bit more complicated than that,” Sherlock replies, challenging John to contradict him silently. “Yes, there was a time when I believed I had finally found a friend in you, but I’ve grown to realise Lestrade or even Mrs. Hudson had already filled that role long before you came into the picture.”
"It begins quite the same way," Sherlock starts, not hiding his face this time. "You're in the bed and I join you when I'm certain you're asleep. It takes a long time to find sleep myself, but when I wake up, we're wrapped around each other. I have my head on your chest, and your arm is around my waist." Sherlock pauses, eyes dropping to the bulge in John's trousers. "We're both erect, and that's when I realise you're also awake. You don't give me the time to find excuses and kiss me, for several minutes. We don't talk much either, and you lie down on top of me, and it would all be about friction and kissing until we both orgasm."
Sherlock walks all the way to his usual bench with the strange sensation of doing it all wrong. John was right there, in his home, ready to go lie down with little hope of falling asleep, and here he is, taking Toby for a walk he could have waited to take, just because the prospect of lying down on the same mattress with John is making it hard to breathe properly. It was doomed to happen, one way or another. Somehow, either by luck or fate, Sherlock is going to share John Watson's bed. There was no other option at this point, really. Everything that he read on John's face for the past four days has been nothing but bare trust, want and affection.
“John, is that you?” Sherlock’s father appears at the bottom of the stairs. “I thought I heard you.”
It takes another long minute before Sherlock finally confesses, "Mary." John swallows with difficulty, remaining silent to encourage him to continue. "I know it's my fault, that I'd gone away and you couldn't just wait for me when I had no idea myself when I'd be back."
The explanation for the parallel universes in this chapter comes directly from my own non-scientific brain.
"You’ve had your share of sex, Watson," he breathes to himself, closing his eyes as the regrets come flooding to his head. "Just not with him."
Sherlock nods, eyes searching his for a long moment before walking out of the room, taking John’s hand in his on the way. He doesn’t let go until they’re in the kitchen, and then only because John points out it might be difficult to make dinner with only one hand. Sherlock goes to sit on one of the chairs then, John considering ordering takeaway for more kissing time, but decides that Sherlock might just need a bit of time to think. He sets up to make pasta quietly, glancing now and then to Rosie and Sherlock.
Rosie lets him do as he pleases, holding on tightly to the headband she has now removed. Deciding not to fight over it yet, John lets her keep it all the way out of the flat and into the cab, keeping her secure on his lap. She doesn't say much for the entire ride, looking outside the window and for a moment, John fears she might actually fall asleep. Still, he rubs her back slowly, letting himself drift back to his own thoughts. Lestrade hadn't been willing to share the details of the few cases he worked with Sherlock lately, but had assured him he was keeping a careful eye on him. It doesn’t change the fact that John had been dying to ask if he could call him for the next one, maybe allowing him to come by and finally have no choice but talk to Sherlock.
. John is going to do this right. He’s going to take his time, four whole days, far from home and from all that could distract them. Here, where Sherlock grew up, he’s going to make this brilliant man
John feels his chest warm with love, and he leans in for a soft, gentle kiss before saying, "I love you, you know that?" Sherlock looks back at him, frowning, and John laughs again. "It's a bit early for the two of us to suddenly change our entire behavior. I'm going to storm out of the flat now and then, and you're going to sulk for hours sometimes, but that's alright."
It only takes Sherlock fifteen minutes to get to Bart’s, which he spent not thinking about how his next actions might upset his world entirely. He made up his mind the moment he chose to reply to John’s message, and he can’t possibly back up now. It doesn’t matter that he has no idea what he’s supposed to do, or that relationships had always seemed too messy to even consider it. John Watson had kissed him two days ago, and Sherlock wants nothing more but have him pressed against him once more.
“That was a lifetime ago,” John murmurs, not meeting his eyes. “So much happened in between. We’ve hurt each other in so many ways. I broke you, Sherlock. I used a morning suit and a waltz, and hurt you.”
“I’ve received a text on my way to the station,” Sherlock says, choosing to keep for himself the exact nature of the said text for now. “She did seem happy.”
"What is it?" John sighs, having learn to be careful when both Sherlock and Rosie seem way too content with themselves. "I thought this was just a simple restaurant."
Rosie is waiting for him by the cab, having apparently take care of everything, and John locks the door behind them after patting Toby's ears one last time. Sherlock is already climbing inside, and Rosie winks at him as she lets him in first.
Sherlock’s voice is breaking as he says, “I can’t do this,” and John feels his world crashing down once more.
"Sounds like a plan." They stare at each other, not moving, and John can't do anything to stop the words from spilling out again, "I love you." He watches as Sherlock's eyes light up with something so very bright and it takes all the strength within him not to kiss him right now. "Let's go," he says instead, getting back up. "You really don't want Rosie to find us this way. Again."
Sherlock shakes his head, threading fingers through his curls, "I'm tired, John. Tired of the apologies, of the texts, of the letters and everything. All of those things we never addressed. We were never fine in the first place, John, and I think it's time we face it like grown ups."
"What are you doing in there?!" Rosie's calls, once again forcing John not to crash Sherlock's lips against his and kiss the breath out of him. "Let's go!"
All the lights are off when they reach the house. Sherlock does find the hidden key very quickly and they make sure to be as silent as possible as they go up the stairs. John goes to the bathroom first, making a quick work of his evening routine and letting the place to Sherlock. He goes to lie down in bed, checking his phone until he hears Sherlock coming back. He puts it aside then, lying down more comfortably. He closes his eyes, wanting to give Sherlock the privacy he needs to get into bed too.
John bites back another moan, tongue darting out to lick his lips, “I do, trust me I do, but I thought we’re just established that tonight meant more than just… that.”
I know you’ve already recognized it, so I’m simply going to get it out of the way now: yes, this is your handwriting. I, the person who’s currently writing this letter, am you. Only, I am a different you, from a different place or let’s say, universe.
“Yes,” John breathes, kissing him more firmly as he begins to walk backwards to the bedroom. Sherlock lets the feeling of John’s lips fill his head, trying to memorize the exact taste of John’s tongue against his, the exact movements that make him moan low in his throat, already getting addicted to the sound.
She mumbles back, playing with her favorite toy, and John contemplates going out. Just getting away from these grey walls and doing something, - anything. He should just walk over there, put Rosie in her stroller and go. Just bloody go and deal with this once and for a-
“Some criminals clearly lack originality,” he replies, his own lips curling into a smile. “So boredom is inevitable I fear.”
John chuckles, wondering if this what happiness tastes like. "You forgot," he says, unable to stop smiling.
Sherlock nods quickly, obviously bracing himself for it again, and John makes sure to only brush his prostate softly. Which turns out to be enough considering Sherlock’s still loud reaction. He adds a third finger soon after that, Sherlock still lost in pleasure. He doesn't aim for his prostate each time, and a little game settles between them, Sherlock trying to deduce when John will push his finger deep enough to tease at it again. They end up chuckling together when Sherlock is the one to rock back each time, cheating.
“I know,” Timothy exclaims. “I never say anything, always keep my mouth shut but it was too much. I figured that leaving for France for a few days wasn’t going to change anything, but leaving for good, maybe… maybe it would help me get over you.”
“But,” John says just as he about to be kissed, “I’m afraid there are things that need to be talked about first, because I know for a fact things can escalate very quickly.”
“No, no, don’t,” John says immediately, still so very soft. “Don’t worry, breathe, Sherlock, breathe.” John’s hand is around his wrist now, thumb stroking his skin. “Sherlock, it’s alright. More than alright even.”
“I…” Sherlock begins before breathing out deeply. “I think it’s fairly obvious that I have no experience in all this,” he says, waving between them, and John nods silently. “After you kissed me, I told myself I could just forget about it but, as you can see, I was wrong.”
John giggled, the same giggle he often used when he was laughing at something inappropriate. "What's the matter with you?"
He’s talking into his phone again. “Do not let him come down, do you understand? Do not let Dr. Watson anywhere near -”
Sherlock couldn't stop the crack in his voice. "You said that before," he reminded him. He still hadn't managed to hug John back, frozen as he was with shock.
"Don't go expecting this pampering all the time," Molly grumbles as she hands Sherlock a fresh cuppa. "If you weren't hurt, you'd be making your own tea."
Sherlock raised an eyebrow. "What the hell is that supposed to mean?" he asked. "I haven't gone anywhere."
Molly's jaw drops. "His own good?" she repeats. Sherlock nods. "Bloody hell, Sherlock, you really don't have a clue, do you?"
Mycroft strolled behind the couch and patted Sherlock’s curls with more compassion than John ever imagined him capable of. “Come sit,” Mycroft said, nodding to the vacant seat beside Sherlock. “You won’t wake him. He’s not asleep.”
Sherlock doesn't answer, and Molly steals a glance in his direction. He's propped up on her couch, one of his ankles elevated on the armrest and his head bandaged with fresh gauze. It would appear that attempting to fake one's own suicide is not without its risks. Sherlock must feels his eyes on her because he tosses his head back and shouts, "What?"
Sherlock couldn't feel his own body. He didn't know where his voice was coming from. "You're not," he choked. "You're dead, you were blown up in Afghanistan, they called Mycroft and -"
Sherlock tried to speak but his throat had gone dry. John was still shaking. "You can't do that again, got it? God, I thought we were gonna find you in a drug den somewhere."
Mycroft clicked his tongue. How long had Sherlock been left alone? "Before you go in," he said smoothly. "Tell me what he's doing."
Sherlock tries to re-situate his aching limbs. He groans under his breath. "Moriarty," he says. "He wasn't the only one. There are others out there, and as long as they are, John isn't safe."
"Neither, would it seem, are you," Mycroft said carefully. "Why, we've hardly spoken in two months."
Sherlock dropped whatever it was he was holding. It fell to the ground and probably broke, but he didn't care. Because frozen in that spot, looking just as surprised as he was, was John. John.
"I'm here," John said, and it came out more like a whimper, something Sherlock didn't think he'd ever heard uttered from John Watson's lips. "I'm here, I'm alive, and I'm not going anywhere."
Speaking of John, he was curled up in Sherlock's lap, his face buried in his chest. His hair was an absolute wreck, but it looked different. A few grey hairs poked through between the blonds. How had he not noticed?
Tea. That was right, wasn’t it? They’d been discussing something in the living room, and John had suggested tea. Sherlock raised an eyebrow. “That was quick,” he noted. John rolled his eyes.
Sherlock distinctly remembered punching his brother in the face, but his knuckles weren’t bruised. He remembered the needles and the sweet, burning relief as the drugs teased his veins, but his forearms were as pure and innocent as they’d never been in his life. Absentmindedly, he brushed his nails along the pale skin, bridging the gap between the radius and the ulna. He sighed through his nose.
"If I move my hand, are you going to scream?" Molly swallows thickly and shakes her head. Hesitantly, Sherlock peels his fingers away, one at a time.
Guilt washed over John's features. "Jesus," he moaned. "I'm so sorry, Sherlock, I'm so fucking sorry. You did this to yourself because of me."
Logically, she knows his eyes couldn’t stay open for so long, knows that he shouldn’t be so still. But that doesn’t matter, because Sherlock Holmes is the master of time and space. He knows everything - everything. Whatever he’s gone and done to himself now is only temporary. They’ll laugh about it the next time he whirls in to browse the latest organ selection.
He almost missed the days when a 'danger night' meant drugs. Drugs he could identify. Drugs they could treat. But there was nothing, nothing, worse than waking Sherlock Holmes up from his mind palace just to tell him that his best friend was dead all over again.
Molly takes a steadying breath and drops to the floor beside the couch. She clasps Sherlock's hands in hers and forces him to meet her eyes. Before, this might have sent her heart sputtering, might have made her cheeks flush and her eyes glaze over, but this isn't the time. This is too important. "John," she explains. "John's your person. Everyone gets one. Some people get two, but that's not the point. Didn't you see him, back at the morgue?"
They stayed that way for a long while, and eventually, John dozed off, pretending that Sherlock really was holding him back.
Two quick knocks. Sherlock glanced up long enough to see Mike Stamford in the window. He rolled his eyes and returned to his work. When the door opened he asked, "Mike, can I borrow your phone? No signal on mine." For which he was thankful, of course, but he might as well send the text to Lestrade while he still thought it was important.
John managed to tear his eyes away from Sherlock long enough to look confused. “What the hell is a mind palace?”
"Oh," Molly adjusted the phone against her ear and there was a pause before she said, "He's sitting at one of the tables. Looks like he has a headache or something. His eyes are closed, and he's got his fingers pressed against his temples. Is he okay? Like is this...normal?"
It isn't what Molly is expecting him to say. For a moment, she wonders if she's actually gone mad. But she dismisses the thought and pushes back. "You just said you weren't dead."
Molly unwillingly lets go of Sherlock. John stands in her place, one hand on each of Sherlock's shoulders. "Bloody idiot," he murmurs, but the words are said with such love that the bite from them is gone. Molly wonders how John can see anything through the thick veil of tears.
His voice was muffled by the material of John's jumper, but John must have understood nonetheless. He laughed between the tears, still refusing to let Sherlock go. "You git," he murmured. "You've no idea what's going on, do you?"
"Do not go in until someone is there to meet you at the door." Mycroft hung up and smashed his phone against his desk.
Molly rakes her hands through her hair and goes back for the wine. "So what, do you expect me to keep this a secret from them? When I see them crying or - or, you know?"
There was a knock at the door. Apparently, while he was drowning himself in his mind palace, Sherlock had been missing out on an interesting prospective case. He'd been following the serial suicides in the papers, of course, but something about this fourth one was different enough for Lestrade to come around asking for help.
And then John and Greg are gone. Molly looks pointedly at Mycroft, but he only has eyes for his brother. "I miscalculated..." Mycroft repeats this over and over until the words stop making sense. "For God's sake, Sherlock, why didn't you tell me?"
Mycroft shrugged. "I am not in the habit of bragging," John rolled his eyes, but Mycroft continued before he could make a snide comment. "But I would point out that the next time you doubt my brother's misplaced affections for you, you need only remember this moment. Because he's done this to himself solely for want of your company."
The thought actually did get a rise out of Sherlock. "A flatmate?" he chortled. "Who the hell would want me for a flatmate, Mike? I'm the most difficult man in England."
Still in his uniform, clearly just off a plane, leaning heavily against a cane in his right hand. Sherlock had imagined John many ways since his death, but never like this. Jaw unhinged, he pivoted rigidly to Mike. "Do you see him, too?"
When Mrs. Hudson did not turn to leave, Sherlock spun back around and shooed her off. "What are you still doing here?"
John flexed his left hand intermittently. The scowl he wore could have rivaled Mycroft's own. "I'm sure I'd agree with you," he huffed. "If you would tell me what the hell's been going on.”
"Yeah," Molly said after a moment. Mycroft could hear the giggly smile in her voice. "Sherlock? I was just bringing him coffee, actually."
A heartbeat. The one thing he'd missed in every delusion. No matter how deeply he buried himself in his mind palace, no matter how many memories he relived, he'd never felt John, not like this. The man who was still half-straddling him on the sofa was alive. There was life in every blink, in every flush, in every breath. This was no shadow. This was no hallucination. Not a trick. This was John.
Sherlock pulled the chair away from the desk and forced John to look at him. "Is someone threatening you?" he asked. John shook his head, but he wasn't looking at him. He gaze went straight through him. "Why are you saying these things?"
This time, John's chuckle was warm and highly amused. "Right," he murmured against Sherlock's neck. "Great work convincing him that you're okay."
Mycroft dismisses both technicians with a wave of his hand and a very large stack of bills. His composure is quickly crumbling. “John -”
Sherlock shivered. "I'm fine!" he shouted, and he didn't know who he was talking to but it was clear that neither his mind nor his brother believed him.
"Think of it like a date," Mycroft suggested. "You have heard of those, haven't you? When two people who enjoy each other's company -"
For the first time all day, a small smile turned up the corners of Sherlock's lips. "I'll be right there," he said. "Just have to grab my riding crop."
Something switched in Sherlock's brilliant brain, and he gathered John in his arms before the other man could catch his breath. They were pressed together as tightly as two people could be, neither sure where one's skin ended and the other's began. Everything was wet and snotty and Sherlock was too thin and John wasn't the same, but it didn't matter. Nothing mattered but John. The shuddering breath that rattled in Sherlock's chest was half-overwhelmed, half-relieved, and all real. Emotions, feelings, sentiment, everything he'd once denounced. If he was a cold, calculating machine, then John Watson was his humanity. Every last bit of it.
He didn't bother unpacking anything else. Whatever energy he'd had was all but erased. As if on cue, Sherlock's expensive new toy buzzed in his pocket. The number that flashed across the screen was familiar and unwelcome. He didn't waste time on pleasantries. "What do you want, Mycroft?"
Sherlock swallows hard. She watches his Adam's apple bobble nervously in his throat. He blinks at her too fast. "It's for his own good."
"And how long do you think that's gonna last? They can't all be tens, Sherlock. Lestrade will do his best, but you'll still get bored."
It sounded worse when John said it. As for Mycroft, Sherlock thought that if he sighed any more he'd deflate. "Someone will be there at the top of the hour," he said. "Please decide and do let me know."
It takes Molly a moment to realize that she's the one who screamed. Three broken men are looking back at her. She's still clutching Sherlock's fingers, squeezing them like she's always wanted to. She draws herself up and keeps it quick. She doesn't think she can maintain her composure long enough to lecture them to death. "If you can't behave like human beings, you need to leave! There is a man here that we all loved very much and I am not going to stand here and listen to you go at it like a pack of wild dogs!"
Without realizing he was doing it, Sherlock's fingers danced over John's face, catching John's hand in the process and bringing it down to his chest. There, right there. Drums in his ribcage, a bass in his bones, the steady, reassuring thrum of a beating heart.
In any case, he took his surroundings in just the same. He was still in his flat, on the sofa, it would seem. John must have done some cleaning up, because the place was much more organized than its predecessors. Sherlock frowned when he glanced up and saw that the smiley face was gone. Why would John have scrubbed it off? He'd said in just the last one that it gave the place some personality.
The kettle whistled. Standing right in front of it, and having forgotten he'd set the water to boil in the first place, Sherlock jumped.
The steam that swirled around the top of the teacup, the crinkling of the takeaway bag, the chip in the remote control.
They said something about -” His eyes pass over the scene once, twice. Molly knows what he must be cataloguing. The collection of people. Mycroft standing there, shaken, upset. So un-Holmes like he’s hardly recognizable. Molly herself, gobsmacked, the most unprofessional she’s ever been at work. John, collapsed on the ground, guttural sounds ripping through him with every breath.
His skin wasn't just pale anymore, it was translucent. John had to stop himself from counting the webbed, blue veins in his neck. His breaths were slow but shallow, and he'd lost weight. Too much weight. His skin was practically hanging from his bones, giving him a haggard, sick look. He was passive, but not peaceful. This isn't a state John would have mistaken for sleep. It's a state he would have mistaken for death.
“That’s a good one, yes,” John laughs. “But finding out that people were smuggling the kids out of town to give them a better life really was all Sherlock’s doing. I was just putting it down into words afterward.”
John allows himself to breathe out deeply one last time before returning the small victory smile Sherlock casts him before leading them both inside. Silence welcomes them in, and for a moment, only the sound of their breathing echoes in the hall. With his back turned to him, Sherlock begins to walk to the stairs, but John stops him before he can climb the first step.
But in the meantime, another version of ourselves is living in his own universe, and that’s what I’m going to focus on now. I’m sure you’ve already guessed which major event in our past could have brought you and John closer. So yes, in the fourth universe, Sherlock and John finally find their way to each other after Sherlock’s return. John still meets Mary, but the night Sherlock comes back, he decides to go see him. Their first kiss is full of relief, standing on the pavement, and John leaves immediately after without saying another word. It takes them a full week before they face the fact that it happened, and another three days to get a second kiss. They don’t wait that long for the next one.
, he can’t help but think. It’s ridiculous. It’s entirely his fault if he is currently in this empty flat, waiting for the sound of John’s key at the door. He only needs to get himself moving, going somewhere, anywhere but here. So he gets up, reaching for his coat and phone, and walks out of the flat. It’s only when he’s on the pavement, a cab stopping before him, that he realises he actually needs to find somewhere to go. He’s sure the cabbie would be just fine with driving him all around town, but then it would still be him and his thoughts alone. No, he needs to find a place where he won’t have to think, at all. The solution, in the end, is quite simple, and it almost makes him smile as he gets inside the cab. It takes a few seconds to go through his Mind Palace and find the most suitable place, giving the address to the cabbie and relaxing against the seat.
"Yeah, sorry," John breathes out slowly, taking a step backward and letting one officer handle Horsen. He doesn't wait a moment longer, not giving Horsen the luxury of another glance and walking to the car where Sherlock seems engrossed on his phone. He slams the door behind him, leaning back against the backseat and breathing out deeply. He turns to Sherlock, "Are you alright?"
It’s like coming home without ever having to have settle anywhere. It’s a long day improving in the last minutes of sunlight. A strange feeling taking up all the space, never trying to get out. A series of beats, silent and unnoticed, spelling out his name. It’s a song coming up on the radio, unknown and yet so very familiar. A quiet murmur in the silent night, comforting in its terror. A burn on your chest, too hot, too painful but necessary. It’s the feeling of new, fresh sheets when falling asleep. The odd sensation of déjà-vu. The realisation it is going to last. It’s a moment, adding to all the ones before, preparing for all the ones to come.
John searches for a way to explain all that went through his head that night, how beautiful Sherlock was, how close he had been to letting it all go and giving in, but the words are stuck in his throat. Sherlock's fingers trace his lower lip, speaking for him, "That's just what we do, miss opportunities because we're too afraid."
“Could you tell me stories too?” Thomas asks, sounding all too excited. “I could bring you something too, anything you want.”
“They’ll fix it soon enough,” Sherlock tries, actually having no clue on the efficiency of the heating company on Christmas Eve.
I hope you'll like this chapter, I know you've all been waiting for it, and I promise that from now on, it's only going to be pure fluff!
“Is that why you’re here, John?” He asks, his voice sounding weak and desperate even to his own ears.
John’s laughter dies off. “Oh,” he breathes, and Sherlock leaves him to his own deductions. It’s only fair that John knows what to expect and, for a moment, Sherlock wonders if he should warn him about, well, everything else. “If you ask me,” John finally says, forcing Sherlock to look back at him. “I think you’re doing just fine.” He smiles, and Sherlock can’t seem to be able to breathe anymore. “More than fine, actually.”
"She placed marks on the wall for the painting to be perfectly placed," John murmurs in admiration. "That's some serious controlling."
is grow into something more, but loud shouting from the bar brings him back to reality. He deduces the quickest way out just as John’s eyes begin to flutter open, and without another word, he forces himself to let go and walks out of the pub, not looking back.
He shoves it in his pocket and heads back for the kitchen, placing Rosie in her chair and, finally, making himself busy. “Alright, what’s for you this morning?”
“Yes! Sherlock is certain he’ll be able to clear me tomorrow,” Victor says. “I only need to get him on more paper from the bank and it’s done.”
They don't say much for the rest of the ride. Sherlock seems lost in his own thoughts, and John wonders if he's analysing the way he reacted to his announcement. Is he trying to figure out why John hadn't protested more. Maybe he should said something instead of letting Sherlock work it all out so soon. John glances back him, teeth working on his lower lips as he tries to think of something to say. Anything really that wouldn't ruin his chance to let this holiday be the last step towards more.
“Not sure for the better or the worse,” John whispers, eyes closing, but Sherlock’s hand finds his jaw, making him look back.
“Yes,” he replied, leaning closer to John, “I’m going to hunt him down in this airport and arrest him. As I said, could be dangerous.” John stared right back at him, his tongues darting out to lick his lips and Sherlock knew he had won. “Care to help?”
"I don't know," John sighs. "When I first sat in front of her again, Ella called me an idiot. I think I laughed, but she wasn't trying to be funny. In just fifteen minutes, she put in very simple words everything she had been trying to make me say, make me realise on my own." John stops, staring back at Sherlock, a knot forming inside his chest. "She said you came to see her too."
He can do nothing else but hold on, fingers leaving marks on John’s shoulder for certain. Pleasure seems to last forever, John rocking into him a few more time before he’s spilling inside him, crying out Sherlock’s name. Sherlock gathers him into his arms, finding that all of John is shaking now. He kisses his temple softly, hands roaming over his back. He doesn’t say anything when John holds him a bit harder, nor when he feels something wet against his shoulder.
“I have to be in London tonight!” Sherlock practically yelled and the woman stepped back marginally. “You understand this is a matter of national security?”
"You can leave now," Sherlock breathes. "Matt and I are going out tonight, I can't come with you and Rosie."
John sighs next to him, “I meant it, Sherlock. I’m sorry I didn’t come after you left. I should have listened to Rosie, should have listened to myself, really.”
"I don't care if he's your ex-boyfriend, a friend or a stranger," Arnold says with a pointed look. "But if you want to make him react, show him you can have fun too, then it's your chance."
Sherlock looks himself over one last time in the mirror. He knows this is probably ridiculous, that John would roll his eyes and drag him away, but he can’t help himself. They’ve been working towards this for the past month now, slowly, just as they agreed, and Sherlock has to say he is now more than impatient than ever to take the last step. Still, it doesn’t mean he isn’t deadly nervous about it all. John had been nothing more sweet and loving these past four weeks, the two of them going to bed together every night and letting their hands and mouths discover the other inch by inch. He can still remember the first time John’s finger had closed around his erection, how quickly pleasure had taken over and the burning look in John’s eyes long afterwards. There had been many more of that after, Sherlock gradually working his way to touching John too and bringing him over the edge. Now that is something Sherlock knows he won’t ever get used to: the moans and shivers and the way his name sounded on John’s panting breath.
Laughters greet him when he pushes the door open, both Sherlock and Victor sitting on the sofa and looking up at him.
“Mummy took us there for Mycroft’s birthday once,” Sherlock says. “I spent most of the time sulking since it was making miss a very important step of an experiment, but it didn’t stopped me from enjoying the meal quite a lot.”
Sherlock closes his eyes, feeling John’s breath against his lips, “John.” Their lips brush again, not quite a kiss but Sherlock’s legs buckle. “But you’re right,” John continues in a murmur, “I’m still afraid I’m going to do the wrong thing, say the wrong thing and remind you just how much I can hurt you.”
“I… don’t know,” John says, accepting that they’re apparently going to talk about this first thing in the morning.
"It doesn't change the fact that I couldn't face what I did to you," John continues, shivering. "We went to get you that ridiculous birthday cake, said goodbye and I watched you go feeling like I would never see you again."
“Oh, sorry!” John apologized, getting to his feet quickly, “We’re leaving. No problem, I hope we haven’t caused too much trouble.”
"I can't believe Sherlock hasn't told you," Matthew sighs. "He's always so busy, always locked in there," he smile, brushing Sherlock's temple with two fingers, and god, was that a shiver? "But you two shared a lot. I thought he'd ask you to be his best man in complete honesty."
“Clearly you must know we are not in a battlefield.” Sherlock countered and John let out a small laugh, looking back at him.
By now I expect you had the time to deal with the situation, and I even dare hope, manage to talk about it with Sherlock. If he’s anything like my Sherlock, then he’s probably dying to understand what is happening, and as always, he needs us to do so. I know we’ve never been “good” with words when it comes to situations like this, but trust me when I say that there is no other option here than just that: words.
So I’m going to follow your lead, and won’t try to hide the content of each letter I’ve received. I explained in my first email that this other Sherlock presented evidence that even I couldn’t deny. Those are what I wish to tell you about in this letter. The thing is, in the first letter I received, this other Sherlock told me that our life began to go a different way the day after our first meeting, you and I. In fact he said that there are four different version of ourselves out there, and to think that in each of them we met the same way makes it just a little harder to think.
John and Thomas jump at the same time as Sherlock’s voice echoes behind them, and John turns around slowly. Looking at a Sherlock with his hair still wild and sleep in his eyes, John decides he needs to be the first one to wake up more often. “Good morning,” he smiles.
Sherlock kisses him harder, urging him with a roll of his hips to move, and John pulls out almost entirely before driving in again. They don't set a pace right away, pulling and thrusting and stopping when it's too much, and when John finally hits Sherlock's prostate, they both moan loudly. "Again, again," Sherlock pants, hands gripping his arse. John begins to thrust in earnest, having lost sense of time entirely. For all he knows, they could have been doing this from the very start, after the chase, after the Chinese, after the laughing. Just the two of them in this bed, becoming one.
"Then he can say no himself if he doesn't want to go with us tonight," John snaps. "Sorry, I didn't mean-" He rubs a hand over his eyes. "Can I go ask for myself? You can't tell me to leave now."
“So of course I came out of my office to see what was happening, leaving poor Mrs Dusty alone, half undressed.”
John shakes his head, smiling softly at him. “Come here, you,” he says, pulling him in for a tender kiss. Sherlock relaxes into the touch, letting his own hand slide down John’s back. He loves how comfortable it all feels now, after barely a month of being this. He loves how his fingers automatically find their place on John’s hips, how his chest rises and falls in harmony with John’s breathing, how their kisses still feel like the very first one, exploring, daring, questioning.
“You were a broken man when I met you,” Sherlock replies, finding it hard to stop himself from meeting John’s hand in the middle again. “It didn’t stop me from falling in love with you.”
"John, I'm..." Sherlock moans, eyes wide open and his curls sticking to his forehead. "I can't wait any lo-"
Sherlock actually sighs this time, taking another sip of his drink and ignoring the amused smile on Lestrade’s lips. Of course he had noticed the recently invalided home, tanned, limping man who hasn’t stopped glancing at him ever since they entered the pub, but it doesn’t matter that he wants to go over there and let himself deduce all there is to know about him. They are here to catch Miller, prove he’s been targeting gay couples in three different Pride celebrations already, and then he could go home and forget about the glitter, and laughter, and this incomprehensible need to let himself
“Still okay?” John asks, looking up at him, and Sherlock nods. “You need to tell me if I do something you don’t enjoy, not everyone likes this, all right?”
long. He can’t do this forever, can’t come back every now and then to Sherlock’s parents and have to do it all again. Act madly in love when he already is, act like a family when they already are.
He would have, could have. This John is just as happy, just as… in love. And it’s not logical because I’ve seen John in love, I’ve seen him smile and dance on his wedding day. I’ve seen John Watson happy before, and yet-
“Christmas parties, not really my thing.” Sherlock answered and scrunched up his nose a bit while he went along to the lift with John.
“You’re actually not thrilled to be back. Anyone should be happy to come home for Christmas, but not in your case. As I said, interesting.”
“She had been trying to sell it for years, after moving to Chicago, and I remembered her mentioning it once when I started looking for something myself,” Sherlock adds, taking a turn left and John follows, a thousand questions on the tip of his tongue.
I'm so late on all the comment, sorry, but I read each and every one of them, and they always make me smile. Thank you so much for following this story with me <3
“You wanted to know why I’m here, right?” John asks, and Sherlock can only nod, the words stuck in his throat. “I want to do things right this time,” John says, his smile growing wider. “Because you’re right, I’ve been afraid for too long, and it can’t go on any longer. I came here because that’s what I’ve wanted to do since you retired, and I don’t plan on going anywhere if you agree to let me stay.”
Sherlock picks her up, listening to John’s footsteps in the stairs. It is still a bit strange, knowing he’s going to get a kiss as soon as John walks in, but he finds that he cannot wait.
So I’ve been thinking of doing Interlude chapters where it’s not epistolary, here and there, what do you think?
“Five days ago. He was supposed to go see his mother in France. He left with his suitcase and everything, but I haven’t had any news since.” Quentin stops, rubbing a hand over his face. “ We usually text everyday. It’s not like him not to reply. I tried to contact his mum a few times but turns out he cancelled at the last minute.”
John risks another glance back, finding Quentin and Timothy lost in a kiss, and he smiles, wondering how and when Sherlock became so invested in other people.
He takes out his phone, sending her a quick text to tell him he’s staying at Sherlock’s for an undetermined amount of time, and places the phone on his bed, knowing it won’t take long for her to call. He heads for the bathroom, placing his lotions and toothbrush in the tub and on the sink, taking the time to look at all the bottles already there, trying to learn more about Sherlock’s new life in the details of his house.
“I’m quite certain you’re not allowed to pass this door,” the man continued, stepping forward when Sherlock unlocked the door.
John considers a third drink, but already blaming the first two for what he already dared to say, he decides against it. He looks back up to find Sherlock staring at their feet, his own glass forgotten on the table next to him.
John lets his thumb stroke Sherlock’s hand softly, “Can you imagine the reactions when we’ll walk into a crime scene like that.”
This is first time I've written 45 chapters to get to the first kiss, and I hope you've all enjoyed the journey so far :)
He stops dead when Matthew pushes Sherlock down a dark alley, and with his entire body tensing, he gets close enough to be able to hear what is happening. The wet sound of kissing makes him grimace, but he remains still, already fearing Matthew might be trying to abuse Sherlock. Cursing himself for not having his gun with him, John takes a step closer to the alley, trying to make sense of the whispers he can now hear.
“I know this is your first day here, and that your wife’s adultery is keeping you up every night, but it is not an excuse for idiocy.” Sherlock snarled, the man's eye widening as anger turned his face red, “I am telling you this man a international criminal, wanted in several countries and all you have to say is ‘step away’ ?”
They fall silent, John still on the lookout for any signs that this is just one big joke or that he's going to wake up soon and forget about all this entirely. "Wait," he says with a sharp shake of his head. "Two months ago, Culverton, you two were already dating?"
Finally getting his thoughts back in order, John manages to reply with a hoarse voice, "I'm sorry, but you are?"
) Yes. It’s a lot to take in, and yes, it was a shock to read it all. But that doesn’t mean it’s a bad thing.
John takes the few steps sill separating them, sliding his hand along Sherlock's hand and squeezing, "I am ridiculously happy right, do you know that?"
In the Pool universe, John’s kidnapping changed everything. They went home that night and kissed the second they were both safe inside the flat. From what I’ve been allowed to see, desperation drove them together in the best way it can.
Sherlock, not exactly sure if this is a brilliant or terrible idea, but being unable to reply anyway, only nods. John releases his hand, and without another word, turns around to face him. Avoiding his eyes, Sherlock lets him rearrange their bodies as he wants to, allowing much more space between them this time. Sherlock tries not to think about it, and more importantly, not to stare down when he feels John exhale loudly through his nose.
"We heard, yes," John replies, walking to gather her into his arms. "What a nice surprise, sweetheart."
Sherlock's entire body reacts at this, his hand suddenly wrapped around John's and his eyes searching John's face quickly, "No, no, that's not it at all."
“Yes,” Sherlock replies, taking his arm to slide it around his waist. “I know you want to talk about it.”
Sherlock pushed his body up just enough to kiss at John’s right shoulder blade. He ran his tongue over the warm skin and let his fingers caress John’s chest, discovering the hard lines and small places which made John hiss and gasp. He could feel it rising against his own, John’s breathing more and more heavily. Sherlock had never experienced such a build up, his partner usually getting rid of their clothes with efficiency. But it would be lying to say Sherlock didn’t enjoy it.
John sighs happily, earning an eyes roll from Sherlock he chooses to ignore entirely. It doesn’t take long to arrive at the client’s flat. The moment Sherlock steps out of the cab, John notices the almost imperceptible change in his attitude and posture. The chase has began.
John half listens to Sherlock ordering wine and waits until the woman is gone before saying, “What is this place?”
“Of course we are,” John replies, looking back up sharply at him. “You know perfectly well you’re my best fri-”
. Sherlock blames it on his current state of mind for how long it takes him to realise what this means, and when John pushes his thigh more firmly against his erection, Sherlock looks back up sharply at him.
He had to leave. He had no choice. But he’ll be back, with Rosie, soon. And he’ll kiss me again. He told me. He promised, smiling and standing still so very close. He seemed unable to sit anywhere but pressed against me, our chairs abandoned in favor of the sofa. His idea - clever - as soon as I got out of the bathroom. He didn’t laugh, didn’t mock me. He kissed me, standing inside the kitchen, one hand on my nape and the other holding on to my waist. He touched me, ever so gently, and didn’t say anything when I
Sherlock stayed silent for a moment, wondering how many times John had seduced strangers in airports before. He could feel John’s heartbeat, the sound low and reassuring as they remained silent for another minute. John’s hands were caressing his back, confusing Sherlock even more. “I should go shower.” Sherlock finally said, hating the way John tensed under him but it was better to cut things off right now. There was no need to spend the night in the arm of someone you would never see again.
“Once he told me about the time you two had to drive all the way to a small town in Wales because all the children kept disappearing,” Thomas continues, eyes wide. “There were almost no more children at all when you arrived and it took you barely a day to find them again!”
Sherlock shrugs, already walking to the bathroom and John takes a deep breath before climbing the stairs to his room two by two. He finds the sheets clean (thank you Mrs Hudson) and even some towels on the chair. For a moment, he wonders if Sherlock had asked Mrs Hudson to keep the room ready in case he came by, and the thought makes John want to rush back downstairs and hold Sherlock for years and years.
"Look closer," Sherlock commands, pointing to a part of the wall right next to the painting. "What do you see?"
John rushes for the bedlight, turning it on and going to turn off the main lights just as Sherlock knocks at the door.
“We’re really the lucky ones to have her,” John breathes, closing his eyes, and Sherlock can’t look away. He needs to remember him like this, relaxed and lost to his own thoughts, the years having only brought out the smiling lines around his eyes, ones Sherlock finds himself now desperate to trace softly. “I looked through your cupboards by the way.”
Panic flows through Sherlock’s body, his every sense on alert and his breathing coming to an entire stop.
“Come along” John smiled and waved the two key cards in front of Sherlock’s face. “Up to the room. I’d really like a shower and then I think I want to look at the small Christmas party, even if it’s just for the food. Do you want to come along?”
(Can you imagine what our life might have been like if we had? Would it have been exactly as the one those others John and Sherlock lived? I like to think it wouldn't have been, that we will have lived our own personal adventures.)
John laughs, a true, warm laugh that makes all the music fade away. He brings Sherlock’s hand to his lips, kissing it several times before detaching himself and pulling, “Come on, let’s get out of here.”
. Losing the mere chance of witnessing another of John’s full body laughs at yet another case anecdote. How could he be ready to risk it all? He had turned down so many opportunities by now that the weight in his chest is almost natural now.
“If I wanted to shop I’ll go to a shopping mall.” Sherlock cut her off harshly, “If I don’t make it to London tonight dozens of people will die.”
“Alright?” John finally asks, pulling away just enough to look at him. Sherlock nods, unable to speak. “You’re tensing up.”
“What are you still doing there?” John sighs, walking closer. “You’re not even wearing your jacket.”
“You can’t be here, sir.” One of the security guard practically yelled at him, already reaching for Sherlock’s arm to take him away.
John glances back at Mrs Hudson, reading in her eyes just how desperate he must sound like, "I can't just do nothing. I need be certain, need to make sure he's..."
Arnold turns to look where Sherlock and Matthew are still dancing, "What about what he's doing then?"
Sherlock doesn't give him the time to finish, sealing their lips in a kiss that makes them both moan. It only takes a second for John to realise this kiss is nothing like the one they shared just hours ago, and a second more to understand why. He smiles against Sherlock's lips, pulling away only to brush their mouths together again softly, the ghost of a kiss. Sherlock is still panting, still shaking, and John slides one hand up his arm and onto his neck, thumbs stroking his skin slowly. He kisses along his jaw, chin and back to the corner of his lips, letting Sherlock seek back his mouth tentatively. Sherlock's lips are firm but hesitant against his, and John allows him to go at his own pace, the urgency of their previous kiss turning this one into so much more.
“Wanna dance?” The man is short, dressed for the occasion, already sweating. Sherlock glares at him until he goes away, “Too bad.”
"He's been looking over here the whole time we’ve been talking," Arnold says. "Hence the ex-boyfriend question, considering he's dancing with that cowboy."
John chuckles a bit, the sound sending shivers down Sherlock’s spine and making his lips curl into a small smile.
Sherlock quickly dismissed the spike of interest that made his stomach flutter. He didn’t have the time to let his body take control. Not right now.
"We'll try," John smiles, earning himself a deep sigh from the DI. "This flat is empty, nothing dangerous to fear."
Knowing myself, I’m thinking you’ve started your own letters to your own Sherlock. There was a time where I did just that too, but we’ll come back to that later. Right now, I’d like to talk to you about the one thing that could have messed it all up for me, and is probably the reason why it’s all messed up in your universe. Don’t try to deny it (just like I explained in my first letter): by not being with Sherlock Holmes right now, you both messed up. But don’t worry, we always had the tendency to do so. And together, we are going to sort it all out and for that, I’m going to need you to trust me.
“Come in,” John says, moving to the side, and Sherlock only has the time to notice his cripsed hand on the door handle before getting inside. He stops in the living room, eyes roaming all over the room, taking in everything that has changed since he last visit, proves that John’s life went on, here. “Are you alright?”
“That’s all I wanted too,” John breathes directly against Sherlock’s lips, refusing to move away. “That and for you to never sleep on that new mattress you order.”
“I know.” Sherlock is blushing again, but not looking away, and John finds the courage he needs in his cautious but hopeful eyes.
Sherlock's fingers lace with his own slowly, neither of them moving for another second before walking closer to the road. It only takes a minute for Sherlock to hail a cab, and if the entire ride is spent in complete silence, John knows it won't last long once they're back where they always belong.
My Sherlock has a complete different purpose than me when he writes his letters, and maybe that’s for the best. You and your Sherlock don’t need to be told the same things - not yet anyway.
"I never liked her," Sherlock confesses. "I tried, but I just couldn't-" he chokes on the words, and John holds him tighter.
Sherlock is about to do just that when the sound of the front door slamming shut makes them both jump, quickly followed by an all too familiar voice, "Daddy? Pa'? Anyone home?"
“Sherlock, stop. Yes, I’ve imagined this kiss quite a lot, but I need you to trust me when I say that actually kissing you was much, much better than anything I’ve fantasized about.”
Without giving him time to reply Greg hangs up, and John can’t help but laugh as he walks to the door and greets the way too cheerful DI behind it, “Good morning!”
Montgomery clears his throat as they park, and John proceeds to ignore his smirk entirely as he gets out after Sherlock, not letting go of his hand. "I'll be back in a hour," Montgomery reminds them. "Don't do anything I wouldn't do."
John is still chuckling like a bloody teenagers when he reaches the stairs, Sherlock’s own laughter echoing behind him. He takes a moment, in the middle of the stair, to breath it all in properly. When just hours ago he had been thinking of spending the rest of his life never knowing if he had a chance, now he knows for sure. No more doubt, no more unanswered questions. In four days, they’ll go home and John will never sleep in his old bedroom again.
Their breathing only, again. Somewhere between estimating the exact distance between them and wondering why does his own bed feels somehow comfier now, John falls asleep.
“I should say now,” John continues, sounding almost shy, and Sherlock glances back toward him only to find him staring down at his hands. “You were right back there when you deduced me. I’m not used to attending Pride or such events, but my sister dragged me there and of course she disappeared as soon as we arrived.” A nervous laugh escapes him. “I have no idea what happened, but all of a sudden you were right there and you were so… well, beautiful.”
John pushed one of his hands into Sherlock’s neck, pulling him down. “I got you it’s fine”, he breathed. Each of his thrusts now also had Sherlock’s cock, which was trapped between them, caught in constant stimulation, rubbing over John’s belly. It had been absolutely breathtaking to see Sherlock riding his cock but in the end the desperation in the other’s face had won over. John wasn’t cruel, as much as he liked to tease, he was aware when it became too much for his lover. Now, he was holding Sherlock close while he relentlessly pushed his erection into him. It would be easier if they switched positions again but he wanted to keep Sherlock on top of him, watching his whole body quiver at the onslaught of pleasure.
"But I am," he says, rolling up his shirt sleeves and cracking his spine. The bones pop one at a time as they fall back into place. "You're the only one who can know otherwise."
Sherlock practically pushed her out. "Yes, I'll keep that in mind, thank you." He shut the door before she could fix him with a look that might make him feel guilty. He smashed the deadbolt into the locked position and fell against the wall with a hard thud.
"Right," he smiled. He was happy. Far too happy. "Hey," he seemed to remember something, and Sherlock knew what it was before he said a word. "Given anymore thought to the position I told you about?"
Something he sees in Molly’s face cuts him off. He scoffs at her. “Miss Hooper, do wipe that tragic look off your face. Don’t you think I would know if my brother was suicidal? We’ve been down that road before, him and I, but there is not reason to believe that….” But Mycroft trails off when his eyes finally fall on the broken body of his little brother. The air catches in his throat. Molly has never seen this strange, stoic man look surprised, yet here he is, face as blank as a sheet of paper and twice as white.
He must have flinched when the pain began, because John shot up in a panic, eyes wide, muscles wound up tight. His gaze shot around the room like a wild animal, but after a moment, he settled and ran his hands over his face. He shook his head, like he could dislodge whatever was troubling his mind. Sherlock envied him this ability.
John is standing in the doorway, his face red and his sleeves covered in blood. His eyes are wet and bloodshot and he’s clearly shaking, but the look he’s giving Mycroft could turn mortal men to stone. One of the workers who had backed away at Mycroft’s entrance steps forward somewhat nervously. “Sir, you can’t be in here -”
"Me? You're the one -" Sherlock croaked. He didn't realize he was crying until the tears started to drip down his chin, one at a time. "How are you here? How are you alive?"
It's a coping mechanism, and one that she has perfected. But Sherlock has to scramble across the gurney and slap his hand across her lips in record time to muffle the scream.
She doesn’t recognize him at first. Just sees another body, another faceless bloke with bloodstains and staring eyes. It isn’t until she pushes the dark locks of hair back and really looks that she realizes it’s him.
Molly resists the urge to correct him and call him a petulant six year-old. It's extremely difficult. "But you could hear him."
She hates him just a little bit, because he knows she couldn't do those things even if she tried. "You ask too much of me."
Sherlock snorts derisively. "You either underestimate John Watson's world or you overestimate my part in it."
Despite the weary exhaustion that has colored his face, Sherlock offers her a quirk of his lips. "And a confidant never hurt anyone, I'm told."
There was no reply. Of course there wasn’t, John wanted to scream. In what universe would Sherlock want Mycroft to come knocking? He jostled the doorknob himself and hit the wood with the palm of his hand. “Sherlock? Are you in there?”
He passes a finger over his own mouth and shakes his head. Molly's chest heaves. "Molly," he whispers frantically. "Calm down. Breathe and calm down."
“Sherlock?” His voice has gone sort of soft, and there is a pleading behind the question. Molly glances at Sherlock, but can’t look longer than a few moments without feeling sick.
“Do you see that?” John’s voice is gravelly and thick and breaks in odd places. Molly doesn’t realize she’s gone and grasped Sherlock’s hand until tears begin to drip on them both, one by one. “Do you see what he’s done to himself?”
It isn't the first time Molly's done it. Her job is not without its difficulties, and she's found comfort in idle chatter, even if the other party isn't exactly capable of responding. "Now, Mrs. Turner, over you get while I examine your back." "George, I'm going to go over your papers for a spell. You sit tight, alright?"
It took Mycroft’s car exactly fourteen minutes to pull up beside 221B Baker Street. The driver let both men out, then followed Mycroft’s orders to return for him at the top of the next hour. John nodded at the door. “Go on,” he said. “I don’t have a key.”
Sherlock tensed. He reached out and touched John's shoulder, massaging the area, feeling for the taut skin beneath the itchy material of the jumper he wore. "It feels different," he said. He took a shuddering breath.
The sound of impact ricochets again, but this time, it’s the doors to the morgue being thrown open hard enough to smash into the wall. Molly’s head snaps over to see Mycroft Holmes, tall and imposing, marching towards her.
Sherlock winces. He actually looks offended. "Not using you, no," he corrects her. "I need you, Molly."
"He wasn't lying," Sherlock continued, more to himself than Molly. "He said he would burn the heart out of me, and he knew exactly where to find it. They know that John is my...pressure point. And if they know I'm alive, he'll be dead within the fortnight."
"Jesus, Sherlock," John moaned, and his cane clattered to the floor as he surged forward. Sherlock was gathered in his arms a second later, all the air squeezed out of him and trembling hands clasping around his middle. Sherlock looked over John's head at Mike, still not able to move. "Mike?"
Now, she wishes they were anywhere else. "You berk," she sighs softly, swiping under her eyes to catch the tears before they can fall. "You've made a big fat mess out of everyone, you know that?" She reaches for his hand again, and rubs the pad of her thumb along his knuckles. "You're always twelve steps ahead of everyone," she whispers. "You have a reason for everything, don't you?"
Before Sherlock could ask what was so important, John's voice floated in from the hall. Not now, Sherlock wanted to say. Not here, not when I need to focus!
"Sorry," a soft voice murmured. "It's just, you told me to call when I could let you back in to experiment?"
Molly chuckles, because that's the most hilarious thing she's heard all day. "But that doesn't include John. You're not just going to go about letting him think you're..." she trails off. Sherlock's face is all the answer she needs. "Oh God," she breathes. "God, that's exactly what you were going to do, isn't it?"
"Not at the moment," Sherlock said, and he tried to sidestep Mike to no avail. "Just found a place in central London," he tried. "I've been focused on that recently."
Of course he knew what he had to do. Wake up, stop playing pretend. Return to reality, try to find a shred of happiness that probably didn’t even exist.
Sherlock dropped the box he was carrying and something shattered. He didn't bother to check and see what it was. "I'm clean," he growled. The ghost of a laugh tickled the hairs on his ear.
“How deep were you? I had to go to the shops and back,” he chuckled. Suddenly, Sherlock was uncomfortable.
"What about Dr. Hooper?" Mycroft tried. "Or that Detective Inspector you've taken a liking to, Lestrade, was it? I could always send in one of my own associates, if you'd prefer."
"You have to make it convincing. Grieve with them. You can do that, Molly, there's plenty you can think of to be sad about."
"Oh come on, you'd only have to say the word and I'd be gone. You could forget this whole thing ever happened."
The line disconnected. Sherlock threw the phone across the room with very little thought for how much it must have cost.
Of course, self-constructed scenarios and a John Watson who spoke words Sherlock himself put there only kept him occupied for so long. He grew restless too quickly for his own liking. Though he knew it was dangerous, considerably more dangerous than playing house in a make-believe universe, he decided to start dabbling in memories. At least there, John would be John. His John.
"You'll what?" she's surprised when he actually allows her to continue her thought without interruption. "You'll explain how you - how you jumped off the roof and you aren't dead? Or how you could just sit there, you just sat there and listened to us mourn you!"
He didn't watch where he was going, lost as he was in his thoughts, until he ran headfirst into Mike Stamford. "Whoa there!" the shorter man laughed. "Alright, Sherlock?"
It's quiet now. The distinct hums of various pieces of machinery are the only sounds. It's like someone has cut the strings that were holding John upright, and he slumps in Greg's arms. Greg tries to console him, but only succeeds in helping him stand on his own. John's eyes linger on Sherlock. As if compelled by some unseen force, he shuffles towards the gurney. Greg says something, but no one pays attention.
Mycroft sighed. "No games this year, please," he huffed. "If you behave, I'll let you have your pick."
John kissed Sherlock’s knuckles one at a time, those lips like a whisper against his skin. Sherlock trembled.
John buried his face in his shirt and held on like he was afraid Sherlock would slip through his fingers. "It doesn't matter," he shook his head, his voice thick. "I'm here, and I'm not going anywhere, Sherlock, I swear to God."
Molly flinches when John laughs. It's the most pathetic sound she's ever heard. He can't even speak.
“No…” he shakes his head, and Molly fears that he’s going to faint if he doesn’t sit down. She reaches for his arm but he swats her away. “No,” he repeats. “No, no, I’ve missed something! Get me the footage,” and it’s only then that Molly realizes Mycroft has smashed a phone to his ear. “Yes, all of it, from the last twelve hours at least, and - what do you mean?” Mycroft waits only a moment before his gaze cuts back to Molly. “Dr. Watson,” he hisses. “has he been here?”
After all, he'd just moved into a new flat. There were cameras to be set up, recorders to be planted. And besides, Mycroft was the heartbeat of the British government. He had more important things to worry about than if his little brother was going to go off the deep end.
John clicked his tongue. "He didn't have to get you a cell phone," he said. "You could at least be careful with it."
Molly sighs and crosses her arms over her chest. "Right," she says. "Well, when should I call John? He'll need some sort of explanation before you just go prancing back to your flat -"
"No!" Sherlock reaches for Molly's mobile even though she's nowhere near it. It's tucked safely against his chest before she can blink.
Sherlock ignores the comment and shimmies out of his Belstaff. The coat falls to the floor in an inglorious heap, and Sherlock pushes himself out of the gurney on unsteady legs. Despite her anger, Molly still reacts to help when he sways and has to lean against the counter. "I'm fine."
He'd been at 221B Baker Street for all of two days and had barely left Sherlock alone long enough to use the toilet. After a harrowing argument with Mycroft (one which John could proudly say he'd won) all of his belongings were brought by. At first, filing away his things and hanging up his clothes kept him busy enough to pretend Sherlock was just in one of his moods. But that first night, when there was nothing else to be done (he'd even introduced himself to the landlady to try and pass the time) all that was left was to curl up beside Sherlock on the sofa and watch him deteriorate.
"I got shot," John corrected, and he absently tapped the scar Sherlock had noticed on his temple. "But I'm alright. I just woke up, Sherlock, there was no way to tell you or I would have, you know I would have."
On the morning of the third day spent in the flat at Baker Street, John could take it no longer. After Mrs. Hudson left from her daily trip upstairs to bring them their tea, John marched to the couch and settled himself in Sherlock's lap, burying his face in the crook of the younger man's neck. "Please," he whispered. "Just come back to me."
John laughed again, but this time, the eye-roll that followed was somewhat fond. “How is the British government, anyway?”
John smacked his shoulder. "Prat," he complained. Sherlock secretly wished he would swat at him again. John's physical presence, in any manner, was reassuring. It told Sherlock that he wasn't mad. That this time, John really had come home.
John laughed. “Right,” he said. “Well, maybe you should stay in the present for a bit? You’ll go mad if you keep playing in your mind palace. Lose sight of what’s real.”
John would have loved this place, he decided. The central nervous system of London, right in the middle of everything. The landlady, Mrs. Hudson, she'd make all over him just like she did Sherlock. They would have the master bedroom on the first floor, and maybe turn the one upstairs into a lab so Sherlock's experiments wouldn't be all over the kitchen table. But John wouldn't mind either way. He would have gotten a kick out of it. Eyeballs in the fridge, skin samples on the duvet. Corrosive acids in the toilet. John would make a big show of pretending to be annoyed, but they'd laugh about it later. They always did.
The second she's free of him, she throws her arms around his neck and presses her nose into his hair. He's a statue beneath her, every muscle taut, every movement stiff. But Molly doesn't care. Sherlock is here, and he's alive, and -
This was when the first seeds of fear planted themselves in John’s bones. Sherlock wouldn’t ignore him.
Hearing John was not surprising. Sherlock has been hearing John's voice in his head every day for three years. It wasn't even surprising when John walked through the door. The visual hallucinations had happened before, though not for some time.
More footsteps, and Molly thinks it would be funny if it wasn’t so morbid. Greg is armed, his face stern, completely in DI Lestrade-mode. “What the hell’s going on here?
Sherlock spun on his heel, kitchen knife pressed dangerously against the neck of the man who’d come in. It clattered to the floor the second he realized it was John.
Sherlock's features soften. He reaches for Molly's hand almost tenderly. "And yet, you're still here."
"No choice?" the words tumble out with a breath, and the laugh that follows isn't because she's found any of this funny. "So what, you just wanted to get everybody riled up? You let John watch, Sherlock! You made him watch you kill yourself!"
Mycroft smiled unpleasantly. "Yes," he said, his voice oily. "Well I should be glad about that, shouldn't I? It will allow me to kill you myself."
John's murderous glare, previously saved only for Mycroft, now harrows in on Greg. "He jumped," he tells him, voice unapologetically cruel. "Right off the bloody roof, made me watch the whole thing. You know what he said?" John does not give Greg an opportunity to answer. "Said to tell you it was all true. That he really was a fraud. Congratulations, Detective Inspector, looks like you were right."
“Sorry.” Molly shakes her head, trying to process this new information. “Sorry, did you say suicide?”
Later that night, when a certain smiley face had been spray painted on the wall and the takeaway was finished, John and Sherlock sat across from each other in the living room. John was pretending to read an article on his phone and Sherlock was spinning his magnifying glass in between his fingers, but secretly, they were just looking at each other. Listening to the hum of the furnace. Watching the sun go down from the window.
Another wave of misery crashed over Sherlock's body and he gasped, which had John's focus pinned on him in an instant. For a second, they just looked at each other. Sherlock, for once, was speechless. All the small changes, the new creases in his skin and the scar on his temple and the cracks in his lips, made John almost unrecognizable. These, of course, were the only things Sherlock was able to catalogue before he was smashed against John's shoulder, breathing in a scent he thought he'd memorized but God, he hadn't. Every familiar smell before now paled in comparison to this.
This goes on and on until one of Mycroft's cronies comes to fetch him. No one says anything when he presses a soft kiss to his brother's hair. Once he's gone, Molly is left alone with Sherlock, something she's dreamed of for years.
The look John gave him froze his heart. "Quit picking things apart," he warned. "If you want to stay with me, don't question it. Just be happy."
"I don't know what the hell you're dreaming up in that thick head of yours," he muttered. "But you're fading away right in front of me. Stop it!" His voice rose, like he was yelling, but his expression didn't change to match. "Just stop this!"
She recoils. She doesn't know which of them is more surprised when she smacks him across the face, but her handprint on his cheek is angry and pink. "How dare you?" she scarcely recognizes the dark tone her voice has taken. "Do you have any idea what you've -"
"But you went to the shops,” Sherlock insisted. "You said so yourself. It was only a couple of hours ago, how could we run out of sugar so fast?"
Mycroft’s fingers tremble as he reaches for his brother’s wrist. He palpates and counts and shuts his eyes painfully against realization after realization. This goes on for several moments, and then he snatches his hand back as though Sherlock has burned him.
Sherlock tried to ignore the wetness that had formed at the corners of his eyes. “I can’t remember how.”
He hated the journey through the hospital. Every single time, all he could see was John. Where they'd first met. Every snack machine they'd staked out during breaks. The lecture halls, the corridors, they were all haunted. Ghosts of conversations that still lingered even after all these years.
And for another, he couldn't get a signal on his cell, which kept the rest of his morning blessedly quiet.
Sherlock looked at John expectantly. The smile they shared was inappropriate and deranged and brilliant.
Molly's bare feet slap against the tile floor in her kitchen and she slams the fridge after grabbing the closest bottle of alcohol. "Hasn't even been an hour, and you're already driving me to drink."
John groaned and Mycroft wanted to leap across the desk and wipe that irritated look off his face. "Like I said," he mumbled. "After they got me out I was comatose for months. I just woke up, Mycroft, if I could have contacted you I would have. The hospital was small, they hardly spoke English. I'm lucky to be alive."
“We were discussing why you had to fake your death and pretend to be dead for 2 years brother mine.”
“Well, I’m gonna check your blood pressure to make sure that everything is fine, but I’m pretty sure this is nothing to be worried about. And today we’re gonna do a second ultrasound to check if everything is alright with the little one too, ok?”
a doctor, I took this path in the army. During my service, I felt it for the first time, this sort of attraction for another man… I told myself that it was due to the admiration that I had for this man, and the fact that I was probably sexually frustrated, as this small voice in my head was repeating
one, even Mrs Hudson, unable to face the consequences of what he has just done, how could he even tr
“I know, John, I’m sorry, but I had my reasons for what I have done and I will be ready to explain them to you as soon as you feel ready, I promise...”
Several weeks, and his jumper is still nowhere to be seen, it might seem a bit stupid, but he loves this jumper, it’s one of his favourites, though he will probably never admit to himself or  anyone else why… This jumper is the one he had worn that first day he spent with Sherlock, visiting what he will always consider his home despite not living there anymore, going on his first case with Sherlock, feeling the thrill of the chase the blood pumping through his veins while running after a cab, their first dinner at Angelo’s and saving Sherlock’s life… The day he had decided he would take the flat, and won’t spend any days without Sherlock by his side… The day he probably realises he had found what was missing in his life, and the day even if he still won’t admit it, he unfortunately falls in love with Sherlock… Unfortunately, because he knows that Sherlock won’t return his feelings, he doesn’t feel like this, he knows now that he feels things, but not things like this, not things like love, he doesn’t right? He knows he’s being stupid about this whole thing, this jumper, he is just over sentimental, but as Sherlock said he is a romantic, so if this jumper represents that much to him, represents when and how he fell in love with Sherlock he should bloody find it! Even if it means turning his whole flat upside down, because Sherlock is probably right, as he always is! It should be here!
Sherlock and Mycroft turn to him affronted but Sherlock seems to realise how stupid they may have sounded with all their pompousness…
“Oh, because it's easy, I simply go see Molly enter the lab and say "Hello how are you? I know I’ve been away for half a year, got a child now and John and I are a couple." I can't...”
“Well of course? Who else John?”… But then he bites his bottom lip “You didn’t like it? Is that it?”
Sherlock has his head in the crook of John’s neck. And lets himself cry without really knowing where the tears come from, and if any of this is real.
Suddenly he hears her “Sorry that took so long.” she says putting her hand on his shoulder when passing by his side.
And with this last sentence, he turns around to proceed to go to his bedroom; he stops in front of the door and turns around tears in his eyes.
“I can’t be certain, but if you don’t try you’ll never know… And the longer you wait the harder it will become…”
God John feels like a dick for his reaction, but how was he supposed to react exactly? He arrives looking as beautiful and confident as ever, and broke all John
a cup of tea as you can imagine, I’m here to talk about more important matters, though we will have a cup of tea anyway.’’
he wasn’t family, and when he had followed them to the hospital he wasn’t able to see him because he was in intensive care. Then Mycroft ‘kidnapped’ him to have his witness statement taken. Once he was done, Mycroft told him that he wouldn’t be able to see Sherlock, before he thought
I don't speak Latin and never learn it so I apologise if the Latin term that I tried to invent for Sherlock's condition, based on a quick research online sounds wrong. If any of you have a better knowledge of Latin, let me know how you would translate male pregnancy or if you have a better idea of how to name this condition, please let me know :)
He opens it while going back to his bedroom. He smiles to himself when he sees a picture of John as a cute baby.
“Yes I will.” he replies. ‘If you give me a minute’ he thinks to himself. ‘Better be sincere then, I can’t really trick her with this.’ “As you know this last couple of years haven’t been easy for me...” '
What?’’ says Sherlock looking at his meal, pretending to not have his full attention on what John was saying.
Though he could not blame John, knowing all he seems to know about Sherlock… well no one who knows all of that could love him… He has decided to at least spare him h
God, now it’s like the waiter is talking with Sherlock's voice but with the French accent. The hallucinations are coming back...
God stop it, he quickly thinks of the ring on the table and put it back in his pocket while trying to put a smile that he hopes seems sincere on his face.
“A reconversion plan? Really? Are you going to invent another job?” says John jokingly a bit surprised
his usual medical journals while waiting if Sherlock is more inclined to come out of his bedroom today.
, she lied to the media to get her vengeance. You know sometimes my brother can be a very stupid man, I had heard of his little demonstration of affection with her in front of you but that was basically to make you jealous… to know if at least he could make you jealous…’’
Hey here is chapter 2 ! Once again I'd like to thank SilentRaven97 for correcting my mistakes on this story.
“My theory was that you had indeed been taking a walk in the city as you had suggested, as I have observed some grass from Regent Park’s, I presume, on the sole of your shoes, this little walk made you
“What? Really, you made a pact with my brother against me?” says Sherlock distancing himself from John.
“Of course John, don’t worry, I’ll try to ask him to contact you again, I can’t promise anything but I can try…”
He shrugs it all off, turning around to head for the stairs, but can’t help to glance one last time at John, finding him staring back, and they both giggle at the same time. And when Sherlock finally makes it up the stairs and into the bathroom, he has never felt so light in his life.
The two of them manage to get it down the stairs, staring in silence at the mattress. Maybe John could try and figure out exactly what burned that hole, make one into his own mattress next time.
Sherlock reaches for a new journal from the ones still sitting on the floor without looking away from the letter. His fingers stroke the hard cover absently for a long moment, deducing the color (blue) and failing to open it twice. When he finally manages to tear his eyes away from the too familiar handwriting, he takes out the pen in his dressing gown pocket, head slightly spinning.
A bright laugh breaches John's lips, and Sherlock smiles back at him. "Which is why we can continue this way."
"It's nice of your parents to invite us like this," he says, hoping their voices would reassure Rosie as they talk.
“Thanks Pa’, but I’m exhausted,” she replies, eyes going from him to John quickly. “I’ll see you both tomorrow.”
It’s dark outside, the only light in the room coming from the still open window, the flat  deadly silent, and there is a weight on his chest as he folds each item of clothes. He’s been willing himself to fall asleep since he had gone up to bed, staring at the ceiling and trying to find a meaning to the day he was about to start in less than three hours. The same dull, boring day he’d been living for the past year, busying himself in the vain hope to forget about his empty flat, empty bed, empty life.  A few years back, he could have used Rosie as an excuse for his own cowardice to do something about it. He could have pretended she needed him there, either cooking breakfast, walking her to school or, later on, reminding her to wake up in the morning in the first place. In a sense, she had needed him like any child whose life revolves around their parents, but that had ended months ago now, when she had packed her own suitcases and went all the way across the country to study in the best boarding school there was, and he continues to get up everyday wondering what exactly he’s supposed to do
John rolls his eyes, taking another sip of his water. He had been ignoring Tom’s smiles and teases and winks at first, but he had to admit that having someone to actually talk to about this has its advantages. There isn’t a high chance Sherlock will ever be aware of Tom’s mere existence, and if his colleague hadn’t said a word about this to anyone in the past months, there is no reasons for John to be careful.
“Could be dangerous”. Sherlock only supplied before opening the door and walking in. He was only half-surprised to hear the man’s footsteps behind him.
He throws his head back, his entire body arching against John’s as seconds stretch into hours. He vaguely hears John moan louder, move ever faster until he’s crying out his name, coming too. In a sudden flash of lucidity, Sherlock looks back at him, not wanting to miss a second of John’s orgasm. He finds him still looking back, eyes wide and the hand still in his hair tightening. They stare at each other in silence, still panting, still dazzled, and Sherlock loves every second of it.
"Steve Horsen over here wasn't easy to find," Sherlock explains, starting to pace around the alley. "But once Lestrade realised who Horsen was exactly, he made sure I could have everything I need to frame and catch him."
“I’m sorry, I-” John begins, eyes roaming all over his face, and Sherlock pulls him closer, shaking his head.
Sherlock’s hand is shaking when it meets John’s arm, sliding up, up, up to his neck and remaining there. Owning. John kisses him just a little harder, pushing against those ever tempting lips only to have them open for him. His moan, this time, echoes in the room, loud and craving more. Sherlock’s hand moves to his nape and up his hair as their tongue meet again and again. And with the dazzling thought that he’s allowed to, John goes and touches him. Curls. As soft as expected, curling around his fingers.
With shaking hands, Sherlock slides them both up John’s back and to his nape, cradling his head softly, “I didn’t say a single word during the hours that followed and you didn’t mind. You made dinner, offered me some and didn’t say anything when I refused. You simply sat at the kitchen table, reading a paper and then joined me in your own chair. You reported some of the news for me, murders and disappearances that could pique my interest. You were right in front of me, our feet almost touching, and it would have been so easy to simply stand up and crawl onto you. Make our bodies into one, and remain there infinitely.”
Sherlock is standing between their chairs when he gets downstairs, playing his violin with eyes closed and his head lightly thrown back. He doesn’t acknowledge John’s presence except for some high notes following him all the way to the kitchen. The clock announces John it is no longer time for breakfast, and so he sets up for making them both some brunch. The violin doesn’t stop for the next forty minutes, melodies after melodies. John picks up on three of his favorite ones, humming along while frying toast and chopping tomatoes. By the time he’s done setting the table, the violin ends, Sherlock walking to the kitchen, tall, smiling, breathtakingly beautiful.
Well, he really couldn’t deny that he also wanted to stretch that beautiful, long body out on the bed in their room and find out just what it took to make Sherlock writhe and moan and beg. Would he trash his head around or just bend it back, stretching that pale neck impossibly taut? Did he prefer gentle, teasing touches or hard, bruising ones? John licked his lips at the thought of leaving a mark on the alabaster skin. There was so much he wanted to do that he feared the one night he might get wouldn’t be enough.
"I know you said you never joined Horsen in bed," John pants when they pull away for air, "but i'd rather take you upstairs, if you don't mind." Sherlock nods his head, not bothering to reply and choosing to kiss him again instead. The moment John's hips begin to roll on their own volition, he pushes Sherlock away and asks, "Are you absolutely certain?"
“Better not screw this up, Watson,” he whispers, still not quite believing it all. “Sherlock wants to be seduced, better do it right.”
“There were times when I thought you’ll never want this again,” Sherlock continues in a murmur, not really seeing the point in stopping now.
“I forgot an experiment,” Sherlock replies, glaring at him. “It burned through the plastic and, apparently, most of my bed too.”
At the first sound of sirens making their way towards them, John forces Horsen up to his feet, backing him against the wall. "Don't try anything stupid," he warns. "It would only make me too happy to hit you."
Sherlock knows before he hears it that the sharp inhale of breath echoing in the room comes from him, “You…”
“And so, without warning, the kid just starts yelling bloody murder in the waiting room. I swear, Jeanny at the desk threw her files in the air, probably thinking he was actually being murdered!”
“Don’t look at me like that, it’s all fine. I mean it.” He kisses him softly, and Sherlock loses himself into the touch once more. “She says I’m doing better, and she’s been encouraging me to tell you how I’ve really felt for a quite a while now.”
. Heart sinking, he takes a step back but then notices the two different marks on John’s neck, men, plural, trying to make him his.
The rest of dinner is a mixed of cases, quiet laugher and deduction on which disease has the patient who left a stain on John’s shoulder - amazing. By the time Sherlock offers to take care of cleaning everything, John has almost forgotten the whole bed situation. Almost. He spends half of his shower and evening routine wondering if Sherlock will sleep at all tonight, and the other half wondering what he’ll do if he does. The kitchen is empty when John is finished, just as the living room, and when John comes to realise it could only mean Sherlock is already in his bed, air leaves his lungs entirely. He takes the stairs up slowly, each sound of his step echoing with his pounding heart.
“You mean, the sexual tension?” John asks, throat suddenly dry. Sherlock nods, not saying a word and yet his silence telling all there is to say. “In complete honesty, I don’t think so, no.” he laughs at the look of victory on Sherlock’s face. “But still, there is another way to deal with this. I could just go home and-”
He hears John sighing, and then the sound of his elbows hitting the table. Face in his hands? Afraid? Angry? Tired?
“It’s alright,” John says, reaching for one of Rosie’s toys and and handing it to her. She doesn’t seem very convinced. “Her routine is going to be upset while we’re at your parent’s anyway.”
It takes another long minute before Sherlock finds the courage to reply, heart sinking inside his chest and head spinning with the mere realisation of speaking it all out loud, “I meant everything changed, John. From the way I allowed myself to look at you to the shattering need to have you by my side constantly. What I had failed to understand facing you at Angelo’s, I’ve learned to analyse and accept over the years.”
Can you honestly close your eyes and not remember feeling this urge to have John close, in your very arms, so that you’d be sure he wouldn’t disappear again?
“No problem I’ll find him and then you can take a look.” the consulting detective waved his hand at John, dismissing the other’s concerns.
Mornings have become his favorite moment of the day. John comes downstairs, eyes still full with sleep, his hair ruffled and with lingering traces of his pillows on his cheeks. John smiles at him in the morning, and
My beta hasn't corrected this chapter yet, so if you see any mistake, please tell me in the comments :)
“Apologizing?” Sherlock frowns, already thinking John is going to say this was a mistake from the beginning and that he should leave now.
“But you’re uncomfortable?” John continues, the hand on Sherlock’s chest still stroking slowly. Sherlock shrugs, not exactly sure how to reply. “I mean, have you ever been in this state with someone else there?”
"For about a month," Mrs Hudson replies, sighing. "I was very surprised when Sherlock introduced him to me, and at first I thought he was working one of his cases again, but Matthew continues to come home every day."
“Don’t be like that,” John says, stopping just in front of the door. “If you want to improvise, then fine. You’ll be answering all those questions when they come, I’ll follow your lead.”
"Yes," Sherlock replies, "but it doesn't change the fact that the fear of letting you down kept me awake for too many nights. It doesn’t matter how much I want, you because there are times when that’s all I can think of. How much I crave you, even if I don’t know what it means, don’t know if this how everyone feels. I want to explore all of you, every inch of you, all the time, and I have no idea what to do."
4) Because I could have done something else. Almost did, actually, and I’m ever so grateful I didn’t now. Another thing you should know, that I’ve kept to myself when I should have been seeking help. When… when you were gone, exactly forty-six days after you jumped, I sat in our living room and stared at my gun for an entire afternoon. It seemed like the simplest solution at the time, and yet the hardest one, too. I had nothing, Sherlock, absolutely nothing. I was living on automatic, having nothing, noone to come home too, not a single idea of what to do the day after, and the one after that, and the one after… I don’t know what made me put the gun away in the end, and it’s probably thanks to Mary that I never took it out again. So she did that at least - kept me alive long enough for you to come back.
. John’s laughter dies off, his grip tightening around Sherlock’s wrist. “Yes,” he finally breathes out, the words almost too quiet.
And this leads me to talking about the drugs, and the fact that I’ve never enjoyed them, which is quite paradoxical, I know. Every drug addict will tell you about the rush, the sentiment of immortality or the sudden high of confidence. All of them will assure you that drugs make everything possible or easier or simply more bearable. But drugs never meant any of this for me. They were merely a way of keeping myself busy and that’s it. I was only looking for a way to remain out of my own head, just for a little while, to be free of all thoughts and questions and deductions I couldn’t control. I was seeing everything, all the time, and I only wished for it all to stop. And strangely enough, drugs did it. After every hit, I was blessed with a few minutes where my brain went offline, deliciously silent and I could just rest. Even if right after my mind was sharper than before, those few minutes were worth it. And I know it doesn’t make any sense, and writing it all down makes it even less understandable, but I’ve tried and tried to figure out why I needed such peace when deductions were always so… important to me. Even if I have little control over what I see and read on everyone, even if I take pleasure in sharp deductions and solving mysteries, sometimes, I miss the silence. I… I still had some. Drugs I mean, in the flat when I met you. Just in case. I got rid of it right after Lestrade’s fake drug bust, right after I saw how you reacted. I was already afraid you’d leave.
John raises one hand, brushing away a curl from his forehead, "When I first got here, finding you on that bench, that's all I could think about. How beautiful you still are."
"I'm Matthew," the man continues, walking toward him and extending a hand. "Sherlock told me a lot about you."
"I'm afraid it does," Mycroft replies, something close to softness in his voice. "But, contrary to what you might think, you're not yet old Sherlock. Time is still on your side."
John shakes his head, "There were days when I wondered how you couldn’t see it, days when I couldn't keep it all at bay, when I only wanted to hold you close and forget about everything in your arms."
Sherlock is waiting by door when it opens, John waking in with a bright smile on his lips and… flowers.
The airport was a different kind of obstacle course. John was used to the military ones but with the amount of other passengers here, he was running slalom around suitcases and hoards of travellers. It didn’t imped his progress too much, though. Thankful for his many years of rugby before the military service, John closed the  last gap between himself and the suspect. Marks didn’t slow down so John had to tackle him to the ground, quickly fixating arms and legs so every conceivable danger was under control.
“Yes, of course,” John replies immediately, shifting next to him. “Since you’re taller, you should be the one wrapped around me.”
“I got everything ready,” John replies, wishing he could stop babbling nonsense. “If you’re hungry.”
The finger Sherlock raises tentatively is shaking as it pops the first button of John's shirt open. Holding his breath, John looks down to watch the rest of them be opened until he can feel Sherlock's hand on his bare skin, barely a brush. Neither of them say anything when Sherlock slides the shirt down his arms and out of the way, and the moment John looks back up, he realises Sherlock must have truly been waiting a very long time to do just this.
I'm not sure when I've started to give up, when I resigned myself and stopped waiting for my dad to actually do something, but seeing the two of them exit the cab hand in hand makes me want to both scream and cry at the same time. Not that I can do either now, Dad would freak out and spent the entire week end worrying over me. And since I'm fairly sure I've already interrupted something just by coming here, the least I can do is make sure I don't ruin anything else.
"I wouldn't worry about that," Mrs Hudson replies, smiling softly at him before pushing him towards the stairs with a pointed look. "Up you go."
“Brilliant, I’d say,” John murmurs before closing the remaining distance between them and sealing their lips into a kiss Sherlock had almost began to feel desperate for. Eyes still wide open, he lets John press them just a bit closer, his lips warm and full against his, and Sherlock barely has the time to properly store the feeling away before John is pulling away. “Absolutely brilliant,” he whispers again and Sherlock isn’t sure what he’s talking about anymore, but it doesn’t matter because John is leaning in again and this time Sherlock’s eyes flutter closed as he melts into the touch.
“Don’t,” John cuts him off. “No matter what those habits are, I’d like to discover them myself, if that’s alright with you.”
“We should ask Rosie, she couldn’t get enough of you even when she was just a toddler,” John says, the memories coming back to him nonstop ever since he got here. “There were days when she didn’t even care about me at all when you were in the room.”
"Is that him?" Arnold asks, the deduction easy considering Sherlock is focused on his own phone. John nods, having lost interest on the conversation already.
Sherlock walks to the table, gathering papers and books, “We should make room for what he’ll bring back with him.”
The second time I thought about kissing you was two days later. The third a few hours after. Then, I’ve stopped counting. The fact is, Sherlock, I don’t think there has been a day where I haven’t thought about pressing my lips to yours. Not one. Including the two years I believed you dead. Some days, I couldn’t focus on anything else. It was all I could bring myself to think about, looking at you sitting in your chair, lying on the sofa or kneeling at a crime scene, and all I could do was wonder what our first kiss would taste like.
And yes, it’s wet and yes, he has absolutely no idea whether he’s doing it right, but John’s tongue is chasing his in the most delicious way, and Sherlock finds himself wishing they could just remain like this for hours. He needs more time to catalogue each wave of, yes, pleasure, and each point of contact between their bodies. He can’t let John pull away anymore, even just to breathe.
John smiles down at him, leaning in for another long, sweet kiss. Sherlock abandons himself to him after that. He moans at the first touch of their naked bodies pressed together, moans a little louder at the first contact of John’s lubed finger against his entrance, cries out when John finds his prostate. After, it all gets blurry. Pleasure, burning and building, takes control. He holds on to John’s shoulder at the first thrust, buries his face against John’s neck as their bodies slowly adjust to each other. He can only focus on John’s panting breath, on the sweet words he whispers directly against this ear, on each thrust bringing him closer and closer and clo-
to let them all out. Sherlock will understand, the way he understands such things. No matter if you’re certain he has already deduced them all, tell him. We both know that even the great Sherlock Holmes can miss the most obvious fact when presented to it, especially when it concerns you, John Watson.
"Thank you," John breathes out, raising one hand to stroke Rosie's hair slowly. "You're staying with Mrs H, sweetheart."
"Found it?" John asks with a smile, finding that he rather prefers when Sherlock's eyes are fixed on him than on some painting of a dark horses on the wall.
John's hand is reaching out of his of pocket and gripping Sherlock's coat before he can stop himself, breathing heavily, "See," he whispers. "There is so much we need to say to the other, so much to explain." Sherlock closes his eyes, his shoulders dropping. "But not here."
Sherlock waits patiently. No matter what John might think or what they already discussed, he knows his mother and father are going to fuss over them both without thinking twice about what all that happened.
Leaning back in the hard airport chair, he closed his eyes for a moment. Doctor John Watson, 25 years old, trained surgeon, at the moment stationed in Kandahar, Afghanistan with the British Army, and currently on his way home to London for Christmas. He had to smile softly thinking about how he had already managed to survive his first months in deployment. It was a lot different from what he initially had imagined it being but then you couldn’t really imagine the immense amount of dust, sand and sheer heat. Although his body had quickly acclimatised to the foreign temperatures and his skin had tanned nicely, he was glad about the cooler temperatures. Besides not being on the constant look-out for IUDs was a welcome change, too. The completely decorated airport though was something his eyes needed more acclimatising to. At their base camp they had hung up the odd mistletoe, mainly to entertain themselves by being on the constant lookout. That thing had shown up in the oddest of places and it had been great fun. The huge Christmas trees hung with baubles and fairy lights were quite the sight but somehow it felt like too much after the bareness of a military camp in the desert. Well, he was travelling on Christmas Eve so he should have steeled himself for it.
Sherlock falls silent, neither of them looking away from the other’s eyes. John finds that he could do anything Sherlock asks him right now, anything he wants, he’ll provide.
“They’re back at the house already,” Sherlock says, pocketing back his phone. “We should head back too.”
Sherlock doesn’t reply, kissing him again, more urgently this time. Of course their first night in the same bed would worry him. After all, they still haven’t talked about Sherlock’s last letter, despite John’s numerous attempts to do so. Somehow, Sherlock always finds a way to escape it, with kisses most of the time, but also by simply disappearing from the room with some weak excuse. John hasn’t said anything, letting him walk away with it. It’s obvious forcing Sherlock to talk wouldn’t work, and if he’s still not ready to talk about it, then John can wait.
John laughed but removed his fingers. “Sure your majesty.” With a long arm he grappled for the condom, managing just to get it out of its packaging and onto himself. He couldn’t help but moan loudly when he felt his hand around him, smiling when he heard Sherlock gaps underneath him. Until now he had been so concentrated on Sherlock’s pleasure that he hadn’t realised how achingly hard his own cock was. It took him a short moment of contemplation to figure out how he wanted to do it before he gripped Sherlock securely around the waist and flipped them.
He purposely doesn’t allow himself to think of the way he woke up - or all the others ways he could have woke up this morning, and by the time he arrives at work, John is fully prepared to spend this day not thinking about Sherlock lying in his bed. That’s it, of course, until lunch time comes around and with it, Tom.
Sherlock's eyes flutter closed for a second, then focus sharply on his again. "You know the way ou-"
(I'm posting this before my beta can read it, but I'll update the version as soon as she does. I didn't want to make you wait any longer!)
“Then why didn’t you?” Sherlock explodes, realising he had been holding onto this anger, to this feeling of abandonment for too long. “Why did it take you four years to find my address?!”
Sherlock is the first out, quickly followed by Victor. After that, John is being left alone with nothing else but his vivid imagination.
“They won’t ask questions, John. I know my parents. And if they somehow do, we’ll improvise,” Sherlock says, sounding a bit irritated now.
Sherlock stops walking, eyes wide fixed on him, lips slightly parted. John laughs quietly, tugging on his hand to pull him closer.
John gives him a sharp nod before moving quickly to his bedside table and retrieving some lube. Sherlock watches, eyes wide and breath short, his erection growing harder at the sight of John pouring some on his fingers. He licks his lips, John’s hand moving up and down his own erection, lubing it quickly but efficiently, and Sherlock can’t help but wonder if he’s feeling just as eager. He gets ready for the cold sensation to come and yet jumps in surprise at the feeling of John’s finger against his perineum. John kisses his knee softly, moving his finger lower and lower until he’s massaging his entrance.
He watches as Sherlock tries to regain some composure, lips swollen and cheeks flushed, "As much as I can be."
As crazy as it sounds, it’s truly me, John Watson, writing this letter. I still can’t wrap my head around the concept to be honest, and just writing down these few words makes me feel like a complete idiot. What am I supposed to say anyway, since you can’t even reply? In a way, my Sherlock is handling this situation in a much better way than I am. He was the one who called me an idiot when I offered to contact the both of you, and now he’s constantly writing a new letter. But then he’s always been like this, passionate in everything he does, and isn’t it why we love him?
Sherlock's fingers find his chest again, his lips kissing his shoulder blade, and if it makes it difficult to properly undress him, John doesn't say anything. Another minute of fumbling and they're both in their pants only, staring at each other, breathless.
He returns to Baker Street barely thirty minutes after having left Sherlock upstairs and Rosie with Mrs Hudson. He choses a bench, sitting down and forcing himself to calm down while keeping a careful eye on the front door. Surely Matthew didn't manage to both shower and get ready in the meantime, and there is a good chance they won't come out for several more minutes. Just the time John needs to reconsider his plan once more, just the time for him to go get his daughter and spend a quiet, nice evening with her instead of watching any more kissing and touching between the man he's desperately in love with and his bloody fiancé.
