Just as he was building up the initiative to move, the bed shifted, and Steve got up to go over to the little garbage can in the corner, returning with it. He was a saint.
Steve’s eyes squeezed shut as he forced himself not to move. It seemed as though everything Tony was doing was deliberate in an attempt to drive him insane. The softer Tony’s touch was, and the slower he moved, seemed to magnify the sensations he was feeling. The nurse’s touch when he’d given blood had done nothing, been nothing at all compared to Tony’s hands running over his chest as he slowly rode him.
“He found it funny.” Bucky told him flatly. “I don’t.”
Steve rolled eyes. “You were great today with the groceries, Tony, but you don’t have a job either.”
Bucky had to leave. There was nothing he could do to change that. Steve would have to undergo the procedure that injected him with the serum because he would be needed to save Bucky in Italy. That is when Steve would truly become Captain America, and Tony had to be there.
“You feel so good, daddy,” Bucky moaned as he pulled back and thrust in again. “I’m so deep.”
“Green.” He said softly after a moment, then he realized the reason for Steve’s question. Tony had grown progressively quieter in the last few minutes, and that was kind of unusual for him, though he felt too good to care.
“If that happens,” Bucky said steadily, “we’ll deal with it when it comes.”
“With the information I have, most cases seem to be in this country, but it is worldwide. New social media posts are still being made, but the news outlets haven’t had time to discuss this yet.”
Bucky had reported into the army after receiving his letter to ship out. He was leaving tomorrow. God, the three weeks had gone by so quickly, and he wasn’t ready to go. He wasn’t ready to be a soldier, to go to war, to leave Steve and Tony. He was just a schmuck from Brooklyn who liked to dance. How was he going to do this?
“It will still be there in two hours.” He told them. He wasn’t going to rush this. He had neglected them for almost a week, and the whole time they had worried over him, been hurt by him. He was going to make up for that.
Steve shoved at him playfully. “Asshole.”
Bucky laughed so loudly that several of the other men turned to watch. “Oh God, that’s priceless,” he said breathlessly.
He ran a soothing hand down Bucky’s flank. His other softly ran over Steve’s thigh. “So good, sweetheart.” He panted as he continued to push forward, never stopping. “Always so perfect for me. Both of you.”
Tony blew out a deep breath and forced his hands and feet to still. The stillness lasted six seconds. “Fuck this, I need a smoke,” he said and grabbed the shoulder bag that he’d been traveling with and started rifling through it.
“They haven’t been by in a while.” Steve continued. “We’ll get you some more morphine. Ruth went home a few hours ago, but the other nurse should be around.”
Tony cupped his face, panicking and trying to comfort him, wondering what he did wrong that had Bucky feeling like this. “Hey,” he soothed, “hey, sweetheart. What’s wrong? Why are you sorry?”
I know, an update so soon? Believe me I was surprised too, but the words just started flowing, and that is the best part of writing. That and getting to talk with you wonderful people. Thank you all for your kindness and support. I really can't say that enough. You are literally the best, and your excitement from my last post carried over to me as well. Also, yes, my friend and I are doing better and continue to work through it. I would also like to note that there may be a brief period of dialogue that could appear racist/inappropriate for some. It is not meant to be taken this way, nor does the character in question find it offensive. It was the way people spoke back then and the society they lived in. Hope you enjoy!
The metal canteen in Steve’s hand screeched as it twisted in his grip, and Steve fought to control his anger.
You guys are great. Thank you for continuing this journey with me. Next post within a week. I promise.
The two boys chuckled and went to start putting the much appreciated groceries away. Steve ended up cooking a beef and potato stew with carrots. It was the best Tony had ever had.
“They remind me of my brother and his
Tony pulled back from the embrace to look at the two of them and chuckled wetly to himself. “Steve Rogers and Bucky Barnes are going to try to save me. If anyone could fix me, it’d be you.”
Where were all of these men disappearing to? Aerial reports had stated that massive stretches of land had been burned through, but they’d also stated the amounts of smoke from fire they’d observed wasn’t large enough to explain the burned earth.
“They’re the ones who helped me.” He said as if it was obvious. Most people knew his story. A man who’d lost it all just as he’d moved into the city and was taken in out of pity by the two boys who’d had little to spare.
Here we go guys! I'm finally feeling back to form so I hope you enjoy reading this as much as I enjoyed writing it. For those of you who liked Tony with Howard, your getting a lot more father/son time. For those who wondered when present day Steve would have someone to take care him, your wait is over. All the love to you guys!
“It was late, and you hadn’t come home. We were worried.” He still looked worried, both of them did, and it was his fault.
The expo was crowded, and all around them people walked as they spoke in excited voices. Tony and Steve were dressed in their nice clothes while Bucky still had on his army dress uniform. Tony was going to gag him with that tie before he fucked him tonight. He’d also probably make him wear the hat, only the hat. He and Steve had agreed they would take turns with Bucky until he passed out. His sweetheart was going to feel it for days.
Tony couldn’t keep the surprise from his face. “About me?”
“I’m Steve, Steve Rogers.” He extended his own, and they shook. He could feel all the bones in the smaller man’s slender hand.
From beside him Steve said, “Fellas,” at the same time Tony said, “Goodbye.”
“Now we start searching through the data,” Natasha said. “There wasn’t a record of Anthony Sutton, yesterday.”
“You’re volunteering for active duty?” Phillips asked surprised, and if Tony didn’t know better, a little impressed.
Dugan just said, “I hate these guys,” before he rejoined Bucky and Gabe in their defense.
Fuck, Bucky wanted a job. He hated not being able to pull his weight and making Tony responsible for everything. Tony said it was OK, that he wanted Bucky to get a job he liked, but it didn’t make it any easier. The truth was that Bucky knew he was probably gonna have to settle for some crap job he hated, just like he always had. He wasn’t educated or formally trained in anything so it’s not like he had a lot of options.
Steve quickly obeyed as his hands and lower arms disappeared behind him.
“It’s us, love.” “We found you, sweetheart.”
“Morning, Tony!” a deep voice rings out, breaking the quiet of the kitchen.
Bucky had been kind of surprised at the British officer’s sense of humor. It was dry and usually subtle, but in this hellish place, it was very much welcome.
He lifted his head to meet Joe’s eyes as he got back to his feet. “Just you and me now, Joey. When you wake up in this alley tomorrow morning, remember it was an old queer that kicked your asses.”
“You moved so fast, Tony, and the way you fought was...” It was so weird that
Tony felt himself die a little with that confession because he knew what it would mean for his brave, sweet boy. He couldn’t do this. Steve and Bucky always talked about how strong he was, but he wasn’t strong enough for this. If he lost them, he knew it would kill him just as much as a bullet to the brain would. Fuck, he’d probably put the bullet there himself.
“Shit , your mouth is perfect, I’m so close. You gonna come with me, Buck? You ready? You gonna…”
“That’s fucking priceless!” Bucky gasped. “We gave them polite kisses goodnight, and they go up to find you makin’ time with their roomie!”
“Even so, you should wait. He’s devising a strategy, and if he detects that…”
Bucky shivered lightly against him.
“You there,” he said as he approached Tony. Steve looked worried as he stopped his movements to watch from where he stood. “Who are you, and what are you doing here?”
“I hope they like them.” Tony said as they made their way down the stairwell.
God, the things he’d heard. It was like a fantasy he’d never allowed himself to have. Steve being so possessive and dominant. Bucky getting off on being used by Steve. It seemed he had a submissive side to him, something Tony wouldn’t have guessed at. It interested him though, and as he thought about it, the more sense it made.
Tony’s chest clenched when he realized the truth.
slammed into Tony’s prostate. Even in his folded position, Tony’s back arched off the bed.
He turned to Bucky. “You want Steve in your mouth while I take care of you, sweetheart?”
The first show had been pretty bad. Most of the soldiers were just there because they weren’t fighting at the moment, and there was nothing else for them to do. They had liked the girls, but that wasn’t a surprise. Most men liked pretty women in small outfits. They didn’t seem to care much about Steve one way or the other. They just looked at him like he was a joke and mocked some of the things he’d said. Steve had tried.
Steve huffed out a breath, “Jerk.”
Which, no, don’t get him started with that either.
of Brooklyn, but he was now in Howard’s world where he didn’t belong.
“You boys are lucky that I fell in love with you before meeting her,” Tony quipped. “I bet we’d make smart and beautiful Italian babies together.”
He won’t lie and say he hadn’t been a bit surprised when Bucky called Tony daddy last night, though Steve wouldn’t have said anything about it. He’d never called Steve that, but maybe it was just another thing that Bucky liked, and he liked it with Tony. Maybe it was always there, and he’d never felt comfortable doing it with Steve? It didn’t matter. If Bucky liked it, then that was enough for him.
Tony didn’t handle hopeless well, and all of the emotions he’d been trying to overcome since he realized he was stranded here crashed down on him. He wanted to go home. He wanted his workshop and his robots. He missed JARVIS and Pepper and Rhodey and Happy and that band of lunatics he called his teammates. He missed the uncomplicated interactions he had with Cap and James. He missed fighting over stupid things like using someone else’s coffee mug and what movie they should watch and what Chinese place they should order from.
Steve leaned closer to where Tony lay on his lap, and Tony tilted the paper so they could both read.
“I still can’t believe that’s what you were workin’ on all this time,” Bucky told him. “Making super-people? It’s almost as crazy as Steve being the one they chose and how he looks now.”
“Don’t hide from me, Steve.” Tony said as he gently ran a hand down his naked torso.
Steve had just been knocked to the ground and grabbed…
Tony then went to the corner grocery he’d seen near the apartment knowing he’d have to carry everything he bought. He saw one of the older church ladies Steve had introduced him to yesterday. She’d greeted him happily as he looked around the tiny market and got some staples he thought would be good to have in the kitchen.
Bucky broke the silence. “JARVIS?”
So to get Bucky to stop talking and give him what he’d been thinking of since the night before, even as he’d grinded against that girl, he kissed Bucky. It was a kiss he’d given many times to let Bucky know what he wanted, and it worked as well as ever.
“Mr. Stark,” Erskine called out beside him, and Tony’s eyes followed his stare to find the man answering his call.
“I know he was a good man,” Bucky said. “But I think you made him realize that he needed to prove it to you.”
Bucky groaned. “We’re fucking idiots, Steve.”
“That’s not nothing.” And before he thought about it, Tony was next to him with his hand at the back of his head. His fingers gently pressing over the hairline to find a large bump. “You could be concussed.”
So here it is. The summary kinda says it all. Thank you to all of you who have stayed with this. For new readers, welcome!
After they’d all piled their plates full of food, the two boys looked up at Tony. Their faces full of warmth and gratitude and
Steve didn’t know where the nickname had come from, and he wasn’t sure how to feel about it. Tony only called him Captain for appearances sake, or if he was being sassy during sex. Otherwise, he was Steve, his Steve as Tony liked to call him, or baby boy when Tony was being affectionate.
Tony was everything that stoked the shameful desires that Bucky tried so hard to ignore. A real man wouldn’t think those things or want those things, but Bucky always had. Hell, there were things he’d never even been able to admit to Steve because he was too ashamed.
There were more guards waiting for them, but between Steve’s brute strength and the fighting moves Tony had showed him, along with Tony shooting anyone that looked his way, they easily made it to the door. As they finally entered the hallway, Tony quickly surmised that this was almost directly beneath where the prisoners were being held.
Tony lightly smacked at the hard length jutting from Bucky’s hips as his other hand moved down to tug on his sac. “Yes, what?”
Tony pulled back from the hug to look at her, his mind reeling from her words. “My secret?”
Erskine pinched his nose, and Tony pitied the man. He looked so tired. “First, I need the data from your test, Mr. Stark. Once I have that information, I will be able to give you a final figure.”
“If we don’t have any unexpected delays, we should reach the location for the next show in nineteen hours, Captain Rogers,” Tony said as he wiggled his foot impatiently against the floorboard. Tony always addressed him that way when he and Steve were in front of others.
When Bucky nodded, Tony cracked them open and added them to the flour, tossing the shells into the trashcan he’d pulled up next to him.
“What?” Tony asked, taken off guard.
The one named Anthony Stark was laying over a table, but analysis showed he was breathing. Steve was correct. Not dead, only sleeping.
Steve sighed, “Buck…”
“That’s actually a good point.” Natasha said, almost impressed as she looked at the archer. Then she looked back to Steve. “How much has he changed? How long has he been there?”
“There’s no telling what the future brings,” Tony answered, feeling a bittersweet pang when he noticed Steve was gone. Good. If he could just keep Bucky busy it would give Steve time to meet Erskine, however that happened, and the man will see how great he is, and how he should be given a chance.
Bucky and Steve had taken off after them, and Bucky was worrying how to protect Steve and Tony when they entered the mouth of the alley and stopped dead in shock.
“Captain,” one of the men called from behind him, pulling Steve from his thoughts. He turned and saw it was the Asian man from earlier.
As the nurse finally removed the needle, he watched as Steve began rolling his sleeve down and sarcastically asked, “Think you’ve got enough.”
Steve had gotten into the chamber. No, he’d seen quite enough of her smirks and smiles in the past several weeks, and the one she was wearing now as she consoled him by saying Erskine would have been proud held something the previous ones had not. Intent.
But he was no coward, and Bucky
Bucky moaned at the intrusion, hot and tight around the head of his dick, and Tony knew he’d have to go slow at first if he stood a chance of making this last. He began to shortly thrust his hips forward and back, inch by inch, feeling Bucky’s inner walls clench and relax each time he moved deeper. Tony’s hips finally rested against Bucky’s ass as he bottomed out.
”As I’ve said, sex doesn’t define a person, and your submission is a choice. You are choosing that role during that session of sex, that scene. Understand?”
“You know we probably woulda been dead by tomorrow if you hadn’t thought of this,” Dum told him as he looked through his own body’s pack. Bucky was grateful to see that he was finding things of use as well. He was also grateful of what his friend was trying to say.
He felt tears form in his eyes as he choked and gasped
Bucky felt himself smile for the first time in days as his eyes grew wet. “I…you’re here. Steve. Tony.”
“Good boy,” Tony said as he lifted Bucky’s legs and put them over his shoulders, resting Bucky’s ass on his thighs, going even deeper and changing the angle for all of them. Tony grunted as Bucky clenched around him, the brunet’s moan almost matching Steve’s as his prostate was hit.
“I love you, Tony.”
As the water ran over his body, he remembered that Christmas was almost here, and he hadn’t gotten them anything. What the fuck was wrong with him? He’d decided on their gifts weeks ago. He promised himself to try harder.
“It’s not that bad,” Tony defended, having recently developed a sympathy for Dorothy. He wasn’t in Kansas anymore, either. “And Judy Garland is lovely.”
At that moment they heard the door. “Stevie? Tony?” They heard Bucky shucking off his shoes.
Tony knew he had made quite the impression alright.
“Tony,” Bucky groaned when he nipped sharply at where the neck met the shoulder, quickly soothing it with his tongue. He felt gravity take over and push the pants the remaining distance to the floor.
It was a power play. By all rights a younger man should have addressed him as Mr. Stark until told otherwise by the man nearly twice his age. By deciding to use Tony’s first name, he was practically shouting
He watched as Steve seemed to push aside his words, so Tony repeated them. “Steve, I promise you’ll never lose me. I’m not leaving you, baby.”
Just as he was crossing the distance to their bedroom, Steve called out, “Geez, Tony, you can’t walk around wet like that. You’ll catch a cold.” He turned to look at Steve’s disapproving face. Steve had been a little overly protective since Tony’s latest freak-out. Tony couldn’t blame him for it.
So when his mind wanted to panic, when his lungs wanted to freeze in his chest and make him feel the suffocation of a hopeless situation, Tony reminded himself of his first hopeless situation. Trapped and injured as he was held in a cave by terrorists, Tony had not given in. No, he had risen from the ashes of his imprisonment to become something more, something stronger.
“I can imagine it would be easy to
“I’ve never seen you at the dance hall. That’s where a lot of singles go to socialize. Your roommates are there every so often, but I never see you with them.”
“It was a choice I agreed to,” Tony told him. “It was that or stay in the lab. Do you want me to be able to come along and help you, or not?”
“I’ve been following and assisting the Captain on tour, making sure he eats his vegetables and remembers his lines. I needed a job, and he was hiring,” Tony said spitefully.
“In the kitchen.”
“Good,” Tony said, “because I’ve been wanting to lay you in a bed and get my hands all over you both for too long now.”
“Been lying down for days, Steve.” Bucky said as he looked up, and Steve could see he was trying to appear better than he was. Steve suspected it was because of Bucky’s friends being worried about him. He didn’t want to appear weak.
Bucky smiled sadly. “When was the last time you called me sweetheart? Or asked me to dance just because one of our songs was playin’ on the radio?”
“He’s an inventor,” Bucky told them, “and I mean, I haven’t seen anything he can’t fix or build. He was an army consultant, but what he did is classified for now. He’s just…Tony.”
**Bucky’s POV**
“I’m still pretty pissed about that,” Steve said. “They told me this list of things that had me worried he would never wake up, never walk again, or he’d have brain damage, and none of it was true. When he was sayin’ how he was fine, I had my doubts until they took the casts off, and Tony got out of that bed by himself. He was a walkin’ collection of bruises, I’m not gonna lie, but he was walkin’.”
***Tony POV***
Steve thought it more likely that he was being pitied, but he wasn’t going to let that stop him. The man had promised him a chance, and Steve wasn’t going to waste this opportunity. He would prove himself to them.
“Then you’re smarter than most,” Howard replied, “but I guess I already knew that.” He sighed and took a drink. “My father founded our company. He was a smart man, smart enough to hire people that were smarter than him. He was good at business, but engineering and mechanics were never his strengths. Still, the company did well enough. It’s the biggest reason I became an engineer. I had a legacy to further. He was always talking about what Stark Industries could be one day, and that I was the one who would take it into the future. Luckily for both of us, I was brilliant enough to achieve his dreams.”
“Great!” Tony clapped his palms together. “So let’s see what we got for Steve to cook. I can buy food all the live long day, but trust me, you do not want me in front of a stove.”
“We love you so much.” Bucky said quietly as he held Tony’s hand against him, his other hand still brushing away tears. “We didn’t leave you.”
Another wave of memories flooded his mind at that thought, and he grit his teeth against the onslaught. It wasn’t as bad as before, but he still didn’t like it. The pain wasn’t what bothered him the most; he was used to pain even if he couldn’t remember the details of how it was inflicted. No, the sensation was too similar to the chair, a surge of something forced into his mind and overwhelming his synapses.
Tony’s eyes had teared up somewhere in the middle of the letter, and he sniffed as he looked over to Steve from where his head still rested in his lap. Steve’s eyes weren’t any better than Tony’s, and the tip of his nose was pink.
When he spoke again, the man's voice was uncharacteristically tired. “We need more victories like this one. We’ve been losing more men than we can afford. Hitler’s got most of Europe in a vice grip, but we’re making slow progress in breaking through. The real threat, however,” the man turned to look at Tony, “is HYDRA. The Nazis are mostly run on fear and propaganda. Men who don’t believe in the cause they’re made to fight for will lose. Period. But HYDRA isn’t a cause, it’s a cult. It is a way of life and a fundamental belief of everyone under Schmidt’s control. That’s what makes him so dangerous. Now he’s got technology our best minds can barely understand to help him on his way.”
“Don’t be. I got over it a long time ago. I actually learned to live without them long before they died.” He sighed, “It’s not like anything special is waiting in California. I just don’t really
“Hey, Barnes,” Gabe said slowly, “glad you woke up. We were getting worried, man.”
Bucky began to plate the food as Steve moved to get something from the oven. It was bread, sliced and lightly toasted. Steve had probably baked it today. Steve filled the basket in the middle of the table and put the pan in the sink before returning to his seat.
“It kinda feels like you just did,” Steve said, knowing the man had full rights to remind him. “Just let me get my jacket, and we can go start asking about Bucky.”
Howard’s eyes lingered on Tony for a moment more in disbelief that Tony had sidestepped his insult with such indifference before looking at Erskine. “Yeah, doc. That should be fine.”
“Look how far the little fairy flew, Joe!” One of them guffawed.
As soon as she was gone, Tony turned to his friend. “Are you alright, Steve?”
“See, it’s only been a day, and you’re making progress,” Tony told him encouragingly. “I’m sure you’ll figure out the right pressures to use in no time.”
Tony nodded solemnly, knowing she was right once again.
“Well, he certainly appreciates it,” Steve told him as he reached out to gently move a piece of Tony’s hair from where it had escaped the bandage that he now noticed was wrapped around his head. “He came in with you after it happened, and he’s been by to check on you since then. You probably saved his life, Tony.”
He had known this was coming, but he’d fallen in love anyway. He’d fallen in love knowing he would lose them all too soon. That didn’t mean he wasn’t going to fight it. Tony was the smartest person he knew.
“You got
He smiled at the other man. “G’morning, Tony.” He softly answered. Tony leaned in to kiss him, his beard scratching softly with a hint of morning breath. It was perfect. Real.
Their progress was slow, too slow with the wounded and half-starved men that made up their ranks. Thankfully, Bucky’s wounds so far had been minor and mostly superficial. He’d been trying his best to make sure the injured had their wounds cleaned as much as their situation allowed. They’d taken very brief stops where they risked a fire to heat water for cleaning wounds and bandages. Despite his efforts some had died anyway.
But now there were times like this when the little doctor came and chose someone. Proving that it wasn’t good to be weak, but it might be worse to be strong.
you here. We just know it can’t be fun for you sleeping on a couch and sharing a tiny space with us.” Bucky nodded along with Steve’s words.
Right, Steve should be focusing on Bucky who was here and needed him now. He would just have to trust in their teammates to keep the search for Tony moving forward. He nodded as he moved around the counter to stand beside Bucky.
When Rogers had finally made his way down to Tony’s workshop with the former assassin on his heels, Tony had been slouched over a workbench, drooling. Rogers’s claim that Tony yelps like a five year old girl upon waking is something Tony will deny until his dying day.
“Well, now I know where Clea gets her looks from, but I honestly don’t know where she and the fool are at the moment. Ironically, I was supposed to have a meeting with him this morning, but I guess he must have left his day-planner in that mirror dimension he loves so much.”
Bucky huffed a laugh as Steve groaned, “Ya shoulda seen that one comin’, Buck.”
Tony took his wet fingers and moved them down Steve’s body to rub them along his hole as the other hand smeared pre-come around his shaft, easing the sliding motion along his dick and foreskin. “So ready to serve, aren’t you?” Tony continued as he pushed a finger into Steve.
Steve knew he should just be able to say this, but Bucky was right. They usually talked about what Bucky wanted. Steve had never really had to say the things he might want to try because before now, he’d only wanted to give Bucky what he liked, and it had been more than enough. “I really liked watchin’ you with him, a lot. I’ve never really gotten to do that before, and I was kinda surprised by how much I enjoyed it.”
Bucky’s voice was loud enough to be heard now.
Tony handed him the paper and pointed.
and sooner or later you’d see it.”
***Tony***
Because his Daddy had promised he’d top. He’d promised, and Bucky had been so good. His eyes had grown wet from the different forms of stimulation throughout the evening, but he needed more. He needed more of everything. He didn’t want to be empty anymore, and his Daddy had promised to fill him.
He remembered how Tony had given Bucky a tour of the tower and his private floor, pointing out every security feature from the bullet proof glass of the windows, to the cameras and JARVIS, to the weapons Tony had
Steve smiled and relaxed in his chair.
“After my creation Sir told me that I was more than my memory mainframe.” The A.I. kindly explained. “He told me that while I was to assist and serve him in his endeavors, I would grow to be so much more. He instructed that he gave me more than function. He gave me life. He saw what I would one day become.”
Bucky and the soldiers around them chuckled, and Steve smiled at Tony’s efforts to lift their moods. Steve knew they were tired and hungry, but they still marched proudly. He could see their eyes were still haunted from what they’d been through and the friends they’d lost, but they still tried to make conversation and laugh. These were good men, Steve thought.
“What the fuck is the difference?” Clint asked.
He felt a warm hand carefully grab his own and move it against a chest. He blinked furiously, and Bucky’s blurred face came into focus.
Steve always wanted more, Tony thought adoringly. He was never satisfied. Always wanting it harder, faster, deeper. His beautiful lover made of steel and a fiery will.
Suddenly, as he was firing, Bucky saw streaks of blue light hit the approaching Germans. Their bodies were instantly vaporized in quick succession. Their cries of pain and surprise died before ever having a chance to be heard. Slowly the sound of gunfire stopped as the shouts around them lessened. The wounded could still be heard as well as the shouts of officers still giving commands, but the chaos had slowed. Bucky and the men cautiously got to their feet.
Steve laughed. “Dugan could barely speak by the time I dumped him on his bed just now. He kept muttering something about a bearded lady.”
“What about the others?” Clint asked after taking a large gulp from his coffee.
Steve’s mouth seemed to quirk in spite of itself, so Tony continued. “It could be great! Just put on your best Captain voice and ask…How many of you are ready to beach a tank and fight a storm? Defense bonds, each one you buy is a check your Congressman won’t have to write! Let’s prove to the world how America fights a war and spend some money!”
“We’re not talking to those assholes,” Tony said distractedly as he walked with purpose across the yard. He seemed to know the direction he wanted to go, so Steve followed along beside him.
“No, Tony,” Steve said rolling his eyes fondly. “Me and Buck just decided it had been too long since we’ve gone to our favorite place.”
“But,” Steve stammered, “but not really ours. He’s our friend, yes, but not like we have some claim to him. Because what we have is ours, and Tony is his. He’s not like us and…”
“Pretty sure that’s not the reason,” Bucky smirked as he left to get the pad and pencil.
“You be a good boy and lay still with your eyes closed.” He was told as he was helped onto the bed.
Bucky rolled his eyes. “Not if I can help it. Hey, Jim, mind if I call you Jim? You look like a Jim.”
Tony was in his element as he told outrageous stories and had Steve laughing so hard that tears were shining in his eyes. Some of the stories were from Tony’s wilder years, and others were the plots of movies that hadn’t been made yet. Steve wouldn’t know the difference.
Howard looked over Tony’s shoulder to address the man that controlled everything in the building, including them. “Colonel, we’ve come to the conclusion that a few more tests are in order before we clear the project for the next stage.”
Tony also now had a routine, and his work was steadily increasing. It turns out that there were a lot of people around the neighborhood that had broken or faulty appliances, even a few cars, but couldn’t really afford the repair costs of a professional handyman or mechanic. Tony offered a discounted rate but quickly made up the difference with the numbers of jobs he got. And word was spreading.
Steve didn’t quite understand what he meant by that. Judging from Bucky’s face, he didn’t either, but Steve would take it as a win.
The heat in his groin was becoming hard to ignore as he kept focusing on how Steve was pumping into him from behind, how Tony continued to move his tongue along Bucky’s dick as he pushed his own deeper into Bucky’s open mouth. The heat became so uncomfortable that Bucky couldn’t ignore it anymore and moved his hand down to reposition himself in his pants. The moment his fingers brushed over his erection, Bucky was forced to hold back a hiss.
Yes, he was definitely in the mood for wine. Lots of wine.
“It’s been tested more than you, pal,” Howard called back offended.
As the doctor and his guards drew closer, Bucky felt his pulse quicken with every closing step. Finally, the little man stopped in front of their cell with his guards flanking him. His heart stuttered when the man’s hand rose and pointed to him.
Tony shrugged as he looked up to Steve’s face. “It’s not like I have anything else to do while we tour, and this way no one can claim that it isn’t true. I’m clearly handling the day to day affairs of your life and kicking ass while I do it, I might add.”
“I began working on something different than what they’d seen before, and they were so greedy they didn’t stop to really inspect it. I built a powerful weapon,” Tony smirked at the thought, “and used it to try to kill every single one of them as I blasted my way out of that godforsaken pit.”
He was soon back to fingering him open, twisting and spreading the digits in Bucky’s relaxed hole. Tony finally decided that he was ready and gently withdrew his fingers, watching Bucky’s opening flutter.
Tony’s chest moved forward against him as his arms circled Bucky, holding him sweetly as his hands ran along Bucky’s back. Bucky shuddered and buried his head into Tony’s neck as he felt himself begin to cry silently. Tony made soothing sounds next to his ear as he held him, knowing words weren’t needed in this moment. Bucky was crying, but it wasn’t just because of the horrors he’d gone through. He was also crying with relief at being here and joy that he’d survived long enough for Tony and Steve to find him.
the one who’s sorry. You didn’t do anything wrong. There is
Bucky watched as the lockdown was removed once again for him. The opaque glass became clear, the door opened with a small hiss, and Bucky walked into the lab.
He might not be flying, but as Buzz would say, he was certainly falling with style.
Tony’s heart broke at the question because he knew Steve hated the thought of being left behind. He looked at Bucky’s face and saw the guilt in his eyes. Bucky didn’t want to leave them. Tony knew he had no aspirations of being a soldier and going to fight, but he didn’t have any choice in the matter so he was trying to be strong. This whole situation was fucked.
Tony went over and sank down to kneel on his chest, noting that the cracked rib must be protesting under his weight. Wrapping his hand around the thick neck, he squeezed just hard enough to make breathing difficult and get Joe’s undivided attention.
He didn’t deserve either of them.
He buried himself deep as his arms snaked around Steve’s torso to hold him tight against his chest before rolling over onto his back. Steve rolled with him, and Tony’s dick never left his tight hole as he landed in a reverse riding position on Tony’s hips. Tony reached forward to grab at each of Steve’s legs and reposition them to a kneeling position above him.
He leaned forward to press their lips together, and Bucky relaxed into the kiss. His partner's lips moved sweetly over his as his tongue softly stroked against Bucky’s. He barely heard the water now filling the tub in the other room as he lost himself in the gentle kisses. It had been so long, but Bucky rejoiced at the knowledge that someone else was going to lead, and all he had to do was follow. He let all of his worries and responsibility melt away as they kissed.
When he opened it, he saw their next door neighbor standing there and looking very pissed off.
They had then explained that the feeling wasn’t from falling through time. It was the curse enveloping his body. Tony had gotten his wish. He was now immune to magic.
The hushed conversations of the prisoners died as three men walked into view. Two of them were clearly guards dressed in all black with masks covering their faces, but Bucky had never seen the uniforms before. One was a shorter, balding man with glasses dressed in a white doctor’s coat. They moved through the walkway between the cages before coming to a stop two cells from Bucky’s.
“I don’t think poison would be your style, Howard” Tony told him truthfully. “I only wondered at the reason behind the invitation.”
They both nodded. “That was her?” Bucky asked.
“But why?” Bucky asked before he quickly continued. “I mean you can if you want, but you don’t need to.”
“Whatcha working on, Steve?” Tony was curious. He’d seen a few of Steve’s sketches at the tower. They were usually the city skyline, people at the park or different team members captured in a real life moment. They were always realistic, captivating. Steve had a lot of talent.
“I…how…” Clint stuttered.
Gathering himself, Tony put on his business face. Cool and confident he walked to the arch of the front doors, lifted his hand and knocked. The sound was heavy and seemed to echo through his bones. Nothing happened. Tony knocked again and waited…and waited. Tony grabbed the knob and turned it over. The door swung open silently.
“If we were in the field on active duty, what would I be called?” Tony asked him.
“There is nothing wrong with the tubes.” Abrams answered looking flustered. “It was only a bad image.”
Howard pasted on a smile that nearly looked genuine. “Yeah, that should work. Good thinking, Anthony.”
James frowned. “Wizengamot, like in Harry Potter?”
“Come on, Abrams, it couldn’t have been that bad. Look at me. I’m fine.” Tony tried to bluff his way through this. Maybe if he spun it the right way, he could get them to doubt their previous diagnosis’s on his injuries. Probably not, but he had to try. “Was all the plaster really necessary?” The casts probably added at least eighty pounds to him, and he was grateful for the slings holding their weight, even if it was damn inconvenient.
Then the boy lifted his head, a look of stubborn opposition firmly set to his mouth, and Tony was met with a very familiar, very furious blue stare.
“And I won’t betray that trust.” He reached over to move Steve’s shirt up. The other man sat up to help him pull it over his head before laying back down. Tony then grasped the hem of his pajama pants and pulled them down his slim legs. He grabbed for the boxers but stopped, looking up for permission. Steve lifted his hips, eyes never leaving Tony’s as the last bit of clothing was removed, and he was fully bared to him.
Steve and Bucky were giving him the normalcy he needed right now, without judgement. They teased each other and traded playful insults like always as Tony helped himself to much needed coffee and listened to their antics. He felt something settle in his chest. This was what trust felt like. This was respect.
“So what brings you to Queens, Mr. Stark?” Erskine asked him as he sorted through his papers.
They turned toward the alley.
“Don’t mention it, man.” Sam told him. “Just promise to find one of us if Steve’s not around, and you need to talk.”
Howard turned as if to reach for a tool on the table next to him, but Tony caught the eye roll he was trying to cover. “That’s why I needed those figures. If there’s a power surge during Rebirth, it could branch out to everyone on the test floor. The guy inside the chamber should be fine if the serum does its job, but everyone else could be in for one hell of an energy blast.”
The man nodded quickly before telling Tony the total of the week’s stay, and Bucky just barely kept his reaction quiet. The other guys were not as successful, and Bucky was pretty sure he was already learning to curse in French.
“I am, or I was. But I’ve been doing this kind of thing since I was a kid. My father kind of insisted on it.” At Steve’s puzzled face, he explained, “He was an inventor.”
So, a happier note to end on this chapter. Tony is not OK, but he is finally acknowledging this and will have the help of his boys to work through this. He just needs to hold on to hope. Yeah....
“So good,” Tony said as he did it again. His hips snapping up and connecting with Steve’s flesh with a slapping sound. Steve just braced himself on Tony’s thighs as he fucked into him, moaning and panting at the feeling of Tony filling him. Tony’s movements becoming faster as his hands squeezed Steve’s hips on each downward pull onto him.
Tony’s hand in Steve’s hair tightened and pulled, stretching Steve’s head back into the couch’s cushioned arm. His other hand was harsh in its task of removing Steve’s boxers and socks, leaving Steve a panting mess beneath him. When he had to break the kiss to remove the shirt, Tony leaned back to his knees, released his hold on Steve’s hair and ordered, “Strip, now.”
Tony seemed to think over his answer before saying, “Alright, we’ve discussed how Bucky generally prefers to be submissive in sex, right? That’s what he enjoys most?”
“Well then, I’m sorry too.” Bucky answered still smiling softly.
“Doesn’t he always?” Steve countered. “I’ve been dealing with their shit for years, Buck. You know how they are. They’re just bullies, and they look at me and see an easy target.”
Tony smiled back at him until he remembered about the missing person in this conversation. “Oh God, Steve,” he turned to look at the bathroom door where he could hear the sounds of Steve brushing his teeth. “He must have felt like I rejected him.”
Steve smiled at the memory. “You were about eight, and you made us rocket ships out of tin cans, cardboard and streamers. We would play space explorers.” Steve said as his eyes burned with emotion from the happy memory. “We had learned about the planets in school, and it was all you could talk about for months. You’d go on about how one day, we’d live on the moon and get to visit Jupiter. You wanted to know what was out there past Neptune. I remember about three years later when they discovered Pluto, you were still so excited. You’d said you were right, that there was more out there to find.”
Tony shook his head. “No, I really can’t.” Tony turned to him. “Would you believe that was my best behavior?”
country that was in danger. It illustrated that this was completely unprovoked and reminded citizens that as their fellow countrymen were dying and fighting for their lives, their government had been trying to continue diplomatic negotiations. And all in seven minutes. It was an unmitigated success.
Abrams’s face grew harder. “X-ray imagery does not lie, Tony.”
The man’s eyes widened when Tony pulled out a stack of English currency, and he answered, “At once, sir,” before checking his ledger. Bucky watched as the man began filling out the necessary information before asking, “The name this will be under?”
The head wizard honcho or whatever had asked him if he’d felt anything in particular during the attack when Umar had cast the spell. Tony described the feeling of being wrapped in a warm, wet blanket as he’d fallen into blackness.
All of them were in very high spirits as they finally piled into two taxis, which Tony ended up paying for, and left for the bank. Everyone waited outside with their duffels for Tony to finish his business in the building.
The pain had nothing to do with his injuries. It came from being so close to what he wanted and knowing he couldn’t reach out for it.
you became.” Tony chuckled as he moved his fingers in slow circles across Steve’s skin. Thankfully, Steve’s erection had gone down, and he could just enjoy the feeling without raging arousal to accompany it. “Walking on eggshells doesn’t suit you, baby, and I knew you needed to be shown sooner rather than later that you
“I’m pretty sure you just made his day, Tony.” Bucky chuckled.
“Much older than that?” Tony finished for him. “That’s fair. I partied for the better part of two decades, and the last few years have brought some wear and tear.”
Steve smiled. “Thank Tony, it was his idea.”
“I gotta say, man” Sam said as they stopped near the counter and smiled. “I could really get used to seeing you laugh.”
Bucky rubbed the back of his head, clearly thinking, before he exhaled and seemed to make up his mind. “Alright,” he said as he stepped forward and took Tony’s hand. “We’ll do this with me in the place of the gal you’re with. First dance is the foxtrot. Put this hand in the middle of my shoulder blades while I put mine on your shoulder. Hold my other hand out like this.”
“Maybe, but I also bring out the worst,” Bucky said to him. “Not that your worst is all that terrible. You’re selfless to a fault, Stevie, but I know that I’m the one person who could get you to turn your back on everything if you thought it was best for me. It’s not just anyone who could get you to do that.”
She bit her bottom lip. “I don’t mind the classics.”
“It’s the designer.” Was Tony really having this conversation? “He’s not well known right now,” because he’s about five years old, Tony thought, “but I’m sure in a few (thirty-five) years, he’ll be in high demand.”
“You have followed,” Tony told them. “You followed and trusted Steve, and you might not understand why, but that means a lot to me. You also helped Bucky. You took care of my family so that makes you family, and I look out for my own.”
“And…?” Steve eyebrows scrunched up.
Bucky was now panting and whining against bearded lips from the need he was feeling. His body trembled and writhed, but his hips were being held in place by Steve as he was worked open. He eventually realized that his wasn’t the only breathing that was labored. Little sounds were also coming from the mouth against his. Small noises of impatience and pleasure escaped his Daddy’s lips as they continued to suck and nibble and lick at Bucky’s mouth.
Then, he saw Steve above them. He didn’t know why until his Daddy groaned loudly and pushed deeper into Bucky. He barely had enough wits to realize that his Daddy was topping him, but Steve was topping his Daddy, using him as a buffer so everything was gentler for Bucky. This way they were all together, and Steve’s strength would only bring Bucky a softer kind of pleasure.
Tony chuckled at the two’s antics. “Have a good day, James.”
over the course one night.” She went on as her eyes warmed. “I had honestly been dreading to come home last night. He had been in such a terrible temper when I left that morning.
Bucky looked like he was wondering the same thing.
“You’re,” Steve began, voice a little muffled, “you’re amazing, Tony.” He felt Bucky nod silently against him. “Even without everything else, I can’t believe you built something like that out of scraps.”
As he saw Steve searching his face and watched as the blonde’s pulse slowed, Tony already knew that Steve wouldn’t believe him. It wasn’t in his nature, not yet. Steve was still too innocent. He stubbornly clung to those hopeful ideals when it came to the things he really cared about. Steve was the kind of man that learned his lessons the painful way most of time. Steve needed to be proven wrong before he accepted another way of thinking.
“Hey, Stevie,” Bucky entered, “got a couple o’ dames lined up for a date tonight. So get out your dancing shoes.”
“No,” Steve answered, “not interrupting.”
“You wanted to see the damage,” he tried to quip, but his voice sounded small. He still couldn’t look down from the ceiling and meet their eyes. God, this was a mistake. What was he thinking? He should grab his shirt and…
“I know,” he answered as his breath hitched. “I’m just…It’s still hard to do things for myself, and this is so much more than asking for food I like and talking to people.”
Steve’s face looked serious as he hit the metal prop beside him and said, “No, this is my shield. Tony is my partner; he has my back.”
Steve shrugged. “Yeah, I guess. Bucky says my mouth is too big for my body. It gets me into trouble. I get sick a lot too,” Steve added, bitterly.
“That,” Steve said as he motioned vaguely with his hand in the direction their host had just left. “How do you know him? And you speak Italian? And why are we in this fancy room?”
“That’s good,” Bucky said, “It means she was into it.”
As he entered they looked up to meet his eyes but couldn’t seem to say anything.
Steve scoffed, “Am not,” before shaking his head. “Well, maybe a little, but not very. You two drank more than I did.”
Bucky knew Steve looked as surprised as he did right now, especially as Steve asked, “What does that do?”
Steve chuckled. “I’ll make your pie, but only if you promise never to tell me about last night’s dream.”
Fuck, Tony was going to wreck him.
The movements inside him felt stronger, but that was alright. It felt wonderful to just let it happen, to just feel. Everything felt so good. It was overwhelming and comforting all at once, and Bucky felt the last of himself let go until he was floating on the most wonderful feeling he’d ever experienced. Colors blurred in his vision before a feeling of absolute warmth flowed through him, and nothing else existed but this. He was so warm and so peaceful and so happy as he drifted in this dream, but he knew he wasn’t alone. Somehow, he still knew the love he felt was being shared. It was the last thought he remembered having for a long while.
“Was it Erskine?” Tony asked, interrupting Steve from his rehearsed speech.
“Why?” Dum asked from beside him. “You make a harder target at night. You’re four feet away, and I can barely see you.”
Tony had huffed out an exasperated breath, “Prick.”
Anthony Stark just stared at its shoulder. He looked sad. Why does it always make the tower’s occupants sad? It didn’t think its previous handlers were ever sad. Stark breathed deeply but unsteadily. Was he malfunctioning?
you wouldn’t want me to stick around after that. You saw what I did. You
Tony leaned in and kissed him, slow and sweet. “I’d love to take care of you, sweetheart. Can I?”
Even with his resources, they couldn’t do better at the moment. The surgery had been dangerous enough, and the area where they implanted the prosthetic to fill the void where the reactor had been needed to fully heal before the plastic surgeons would touch him. Still, he had heard some promising things about a brilliant scientist named Helen Cho who was building a machine that could regrow skin and damaged tissue. Tony was currently looking into funding her work.
“I, uh, I had almost forgot with the surprise dinner date, but I actually met with an army colonel today.” He said as he watched their peaceful faces morph into surprise.
“Good morning, Tony.” He greeted him quietly. Tony guessed Steve wasn’t awake yet. It was still an adjustment getting used to talking to this James, casual and friendly. It was even more strange when he considered that Steve Rogers was sleeping in while they were awake. That early riser thing must have been the serum.
Tony was chuckling as he turned to the blonde. “Steve, you know there’s another jar of mustard in the back of the cabinet.”
One of the guards stepped forward to unlock the cage as Bucky saw the men inside step back from them.
Steve smiled warm and bright. Tony realized it was the first time he’d ever called their apartment home. “Yeah, let’s go.”
James nodded, “Still, we owe you one. Where you staying? Steve said you’re new to the neighborhood. We could take you out for drinks this weekend and show you the local spots.”
Byrne’s face went red. “I don’t chat with the likes o’ you.”
“Oh god, not that death machine,” Tony muttered. X-ray safety was still unreliable at this time, at least to Tony’s standards.
Steve shrugged. He didn’t want to hurt Bucky again by making him think that Steve hadn’t been satisfied with their relationship. Bucky rarely fucked Steve, not since the beginning of their relationship, before Bucky had asked to switch roles and started explaining what he wanted, had it been a regular thing.
Despite the nerves he almost felt a sense of giddy recklessness that they were finally going, and God help the bastards who stood in their way. He ignored the cold throbbing of his hand. It was easier now that he was actively doing something about it.
“Yeah,” Bucky said as he smiled softly. “It was the happiest we’d seen you in weeks. You said you met an actual scientist and talked with him over lunch and coffee.”
So Tony had put down his soldering iron, went up to his penthouse, showered and dressed to impress. Though his clothes may not be magical like what Strange wore (stupid magic cloak, it’s really not
And yup, Tony’s patience was up. “Leave now, or I’ll make you regret your whole sorry life.”
Tony sighed and put both of his hands on Steve’s hips, squeezing gently. “You’re right. I’m not fine. I have been trying and failing to be fine, but it’s not anything you can fix,” he truthfully. “I just have to work this out, and it’s going to take time. Please, just don’t worry over it. I don’t want to be responsible for making you feel that way over something that isn’t your fault.”
“Twice her age? She’s the same age as me.” Bucky said as he cocked his head. “Wait, how old are you, Tony? I just realized we never asked.”
Tony slowly drug his hips back. As Steve moaned, Tony pulled his arms just a bit further to keep him from moving his hips to meet Tony’s. “Let’s see how much you can take?” He asked huskily before snapping his hips forward.
“Not at all,” Abraham smiled, eyes still shrewd as he motioned to begin walking. “You are even welcome to join me if you do not mind the company.”
By their second glass, however, they’d begun to sing along with the radio, even the little advertisement jingles in between songs. Their third glass had them laughing over the smallest things that probably wouldn’t have been as funny without the eggnog. The fourth glass had them teasing Steve at his perma-blush, the alcohol making his skin flush a deep pink, and the dopey smile that he couldn’t stop making.
“I think it’s the human in you.” Tony chuckled. Then he thought of another way of giving the man a clue. “What you’re working on, it will physically change someone, right?”
“You’re a bit of danger whore, aren’t you? You crave this.” Steve said around his breaths as used his grip to pull Tony’s body to meet his next thrust.
“And they had you for months?” Bucky asked, voice filled with pain, and Tony almost lost it. Here he was crying about three months of torture that made what Bucky would someday go through look like stubbed toe. He wanted to rage at the unfairness of it all.
They both looked upset at his words, almost pained that Tony had come to that conclusion.
“Stark is the best civilian pilot I’ve ever seen,” she said, trying to recover the moment, “and he’s mad enough to brave this airspace. We’re lucky to have him.”
They had just sat down when Steve appeared from the bedroom, looking rumpled in his too big shirt and boxers, just in time for food. Just like yesterday. Tony was sensing a pattern. Steve yawned around his toast but declined any coffee, much to Tony’s internal outrage. Who said no to coffee in the morning?
“Green,” Steve groaned out as he pushed back at Tony’s fingers.
The neighbor to the left, however, was not sweet and apparently not deaf. But he was old enough to have learned an ounce of tolerance and compassion by now. Tony knew the guy would be alone. His wife was a nurse who worked her ass off at the hospital because he complained of a bad back and wouldn’t hold down a job.
Tony looked up from his coffee cup and smiled softly. “Good morning, baby boy.”
“That might tough!” Gabe called back as he lifted the now busted radio he was carrying.
Tony released Bucky and hoarsely answered, “Green.”
From behind what could only be described as an army green space coffin, a man wearing a welder’s mask lifted his head. Tony watched as the blow torch the man held was extinguished, and the mask was flipped up to reveal his features.
Phillips nodded, “That’s why we’re going to fight fire with fire. I should have used him from the start, but I can’t change that so I’m using him now. Tell me, why did you really stick around with Rogers on the tour?”
“Damn straight. And of course I’m right,” he said smugly, “I’m a genius.”
“Fuck, Steve. Keep talking to me.” There was a shifting sound as someone moved on a bed. Tony was frozen. He knew he shouldn’t be here, should not be listening to this, but he just couldn’t seem to make his muscles obey the command to move.
Steve was watching Tony work while softly stroking Bucky’s hair, who was speaking in desperate, choked off sentences against his arm. “Unh, yes…God it’s so good, Tony….Please, more…Fuucckk…”
“No, no,” Tony quickly tried to explain. “I really had just had the rug pulled from under my feet. Besides, wearing this suit to sleep on the ground? No. It would have been wrinkled beyond repair. Don’t you remember how dashing I looked yesterday?” He tried to joke, but they still looked worried.
“Tony,” He began, trying to say what he was feeling without putting his foot in his mouth and ruining it. “About last night, I…”
“Yeah, neither did I,” Bucky said pointedly as he looked at Steve.
Bucky smiled, creating dimples on his cheeks. “I think you’ve found yourself a job, Tony.”
So Steve released Bucky from his arms before grabbing his hand and slowly moving them to the huge bed against the far wall. Bucky laid down and turned to look at Steve, waiting for him to join.
They carried the washing machine he’d finally finished that week up four flights of stairs. It was a Christmas miracle that they were able to bring it in and set it down without waking the two men sleeping in the other room. Tony walked Michael down to his apartment to get the final surprise.
Steve sighed, “You sound worse than Bucky.”
“He called you that?” James’s eyes narrowed, furious.
Tony was shaking his head almost before he finished the sentence. “Definitely not, you can’t hate an entire group of people because of the actions of some of those people. As far as I know, you are not a Nazi and haven’t done anything since we bumped into each other for me to feel bothered about the fact that you’re German.”
He’d work around it; he always did. Luckily, Bucky always seemed eager to take him. It was a reassuring thought as he added a third finger and stretched Steve open even further, causing his lover’s head to bow forward as he made the sweetest sound of desperation. Fuck, Tony loved this, needed this. Nothing else mattered but the three of them, here and together.
happened to him.
Steve remembered back to this morning and the curiosity he had felt toward being with Tony. “I really liked sharing control with you, but when I was watching you with Bucky, it made me wonder…what it would feel like to be in Bucky’s place.”
“He also handed me an envelope; it had a month’s rent in it. He said that you’d told him my husband had given it to you to give to me when he’d left his key with you. I can’t imagine where that money came from because he hadn’t worked in months.”
“You don’t have to patronize me,” Steve told him softly, looking almost defeated. “I appreciate you supporting my decision to keep trying to enlist, but we both know I’ll probably never make it to any kind of battle.”
Bucky came back to himself in a cold sweat, still feeling the burning pain of his memory. He didn’t realize at first that the screams he heard weren’t from this latest recollection but were coming from him now. He was thrashing against something big and solid that was trying to hold him down
“Can I tell you a secret, Buck?” Steve asked him. “I miss the little me, too, sometimes. I don’t miss being sick and made fun of, but I miss being…me and not a symbol. Sometimes I hate the way people look at me because all they see is what the serum gave me. Tony never did that in the past. He always looked at and treated me the same.”
And, yeah, Tony had heard enough. He was just about to say that much when one of the men moved a step to the side. Down on his hands and knees wheezing out a breath, was a boy with blonde hair. Tony couldn’t see his face, but he looked fragile. His clothes were at least a size too large, making him appear even smaller, almost delicate.
“Felt like my blood sugar was too low for a second there,” Sam said, “but that doesn’t make sense. We just had a big breakfast together.”
“I would be honored to dance with you, but you really don’t want someone like me. I’m a little behind on the newer dances.”
As he entered the now familiar tiny lobby that spoke of home, Tony thought of how strange it felt that he was returning without any new cash in his wallet from a day of work. Thankfully Tony was now officially getting paid as Erskine’s consultant because that trip to New Jersey had cost him a full day’s earnings in repair work.
“A checker a picture. Two if he really likes it.” Steve answered, blushing again.
Erskine chuckled. “It is a gift afforded with age.” His expression became more serious as he added. “Will you be alright, Tony?”
They had somehow managed to arrive to the army camp late. So late, in fact, that Steve had been needed to help the crew set up for the show. Hell, Tony had even pitched in just to help move things along and keep his mind occupied. Not that it worked. It was kind of difficult with a constant reminder to his problems attached to his body.
“Rogers!”
“Hence, the personal part of personal assistant.” Tony rolled his eyes. “I do anything Captain Rogers requires of me, including looking out for his wellbeing, running errands, seeing to his laundry and daily needs. And sometimes,” Tony said as he eyed the man up and down, “sometimes even taking out the trash.”
Bucky had had a long day. The fear of losing everything and being sent to one of
“Stop, stop, stop!” The angry production manager yelled. “Jesus H. Christ, Rogers, it’s just a few lines!”
Steve rolled his eyes but smiled.
“Always yours,” Steve moaned as Bucky pushed him further down on his dick. “You take…good care of us.”
Howard studied Tony for a long moment before taking another pull at his bottle and continuing. “Last night was when I realized what kind of man you are.”
“Then what’s with the blush?” Tony teased. He knew he shouldn’t, but he couldn’t resist. This blushing pre-serum Steve was just about the cutest thing he’d ever seen. Even cuter than sleepy, bedhead Steve.
Tony began to steel himself against a punch he knew was coming. “I know. Listen Bucky, I…”
“It’s not any trouble, Bucky.” Steve again told him patiently as he looked up and smiled. “We all were going to have to eat soon anyway, and like you said, this was your favorite.”
solve. He knew he couldn’t change everything, but maybe, just maybe, he could change enough to keep what he had at the end of everything.
He sipped at his juice again as his mind went over the last nine hours. Last night had been good, then horrible, then…he didn’t know, but it had given him a lot to think about. Steve and Bucky had talked for a while after the first conversation about their childhood. Bucky had been able to remember a few more things he had forgotten. He remembered playing ball in the streets with the other boys. He remembered his first kiss with Steve. He remembered his sister now, a little at least.
Tony’s face gave nothing away as he asked, “Well, that’s good. Right?”
Then, the man whose entire demeanor just screamed slimy politician approached Steve and preyed on his desire to serve his country. Tony watched as the idea behind the name of Captain America was born. Tony had done it. Everything was on schedule. This should feel like a win, instead, he just wanted to punch something.
The only things he still had besides his underwear, undershirt and socks were his sunglasses and watch. The technology inside them had to be kept hidden. Tony had watched enough Star Trek to know that you didn’t screw around with time and change history. Yeah, Tony was stuck in the past, but he didn’t have to be a dick and ruin the future.
“Tony, you’re not old.” “You were dancing just fine.” They both said at once.
His voice was strong, and his face was serious as he told Abrams, “You are going to remove these casts and release me into my roommate’s custody. I am going home where I can continue to rest and recuperate there.”
“To keep him out of trouble!” Tony insisted. “You know how hard that is! You grew up with him!”
Steve rubbed at his temples as he squeezed his eyes shut, concentrating. It was so much information to sift through. “Just about three months, I think, because it’s almost Christmas in my latest memories. Bucky just lost his job. That’s all I know until the next wave of memories hits.”
Steve shook his head, “No, thankfully no one else was hit. You pushed Mr. Russo out of the way at the last second. He was a little bruised, but he’s going to be alright.”
Steve, looking embarrassed, slowly rose unsteadily to his feet. He motioned to the bathroom awkwardly and mumbled about a shower before he made his way quick and quiet out of the room. The second the door closed, Tony palmed himself through his pants. The sweet friction felt too good on his straining dick, and it wasn’t long before he was biting down on his lip as he came in his pants like a teenager.
Steve knew he was right on both counts, but he really wished Bucky could admit that he would enjoy it for himself and not just on Steve’s behalf.
Bucky, who was the only one with a mouth that was unoccupied, continued to moan and gasp as Tony reached for the little tub of lubricant. He generously coated his fingers before removing his mouth and bringing the first of them up to enter Steve.
Tony smiled. “Since when has that ever stopped me? Besides,” he said as he ran his fingers over Steve’s cock, making him gasp in surprise and look down. “It doesn’t look like you’re finished.”
had clearly upset him from the night before, but I couldn’t say what that was.”
Steve moaned and shifted his hips. “Tony, touch me…”
At her words Tony’s mind flashed to the other Avengers. All of them so much more than he would ever be. Amazing heroes, even Clint. The cut of her words brought the pain she’d intended. Because he knew they would be fine without him, would probably be better without him. He wasn’t that close to any of them and had never tried to be. Even though he’d wanted to.
At first, he’d thought they would torture him for information. When they’d finally dragged him into this sadistic medical chamber, he’d expected to be cut into or beaten as they asked him questions, but the questions never came.
“What? We’re all adults, and it’s fun to knock a few back every once in a while.” Then Bucky smirked at him. “ Unless you’ve already had enough, Stevie.”
“Well, yes. It was the truth. Not the thing the about us, obviously, last night was incredible, but really it’s none of his business.” Tony continued. “Have you ever heard the term: Knowledge is power. Or: It’s not what you know, but who you know?”
Oh yeah, you probably noticed but his chapter beat out the last one in length. I guess my muse just had a lot to say.
“You really are crazy,” Steve told him.
“Looks like you’re finally outta here, shrimp.” Hodge called from across the way. “It’s about time, too. Don’t know how a runt like you made it this far.”
“Did she touch you too? Or did she just grind her thigh against you as you fingered her?”
“Agreed,” Monty said.
Tony blew out a breath and looked at both of them. “In the simplest of terms, I would be a hedonist.”
Bucky shoved his next bite in his mouth as he finished and looked up. Around the table the team was smiling at him as their forks and knives hovered over their plates. Bucky blushed and looked down to finish chewing his food.
Tony swallowed his mouthful of sandwich. “I don’t do well with inactivity. I have to stay busy.”
“Of course, sir. Would you like an antipasto while you decide on your meal?”
” Steve had told him.
“We missed you, too, love,” Steve said quietly, mindful of the people around them.
Steve looked shocked. “I can’t believe someone would screw you over like that!”
“You don’t have anythin' to be sorry over.” It was Steve that spoke this time. “Are you alright?”
“Yeah, Bucky’s idea.” Steve smiled.
Tony had come to realize and accept some things these past three days as he was stuck in bed. He’d been repressing a lot, even before he’d arrived here, but since then Tony had been walking a very fine line with those boys leading him the whole way.
wet, or soft.” Steve mumbled.
“That’s to be expected,” Bruce said kindly as he looked at them from his position by the stove. “You’ve had to adjust to a lot of new information. What about you, Steve?”
For me, this is where Tony really begins his journey. The caterpillar is in his cocoon! Without his celebrity, money and stigma that still comes with his name, what kind of person would Tony be? If he's not surrounded by people who constantly try to use him, how would he now treat people? Sometimes a Great Man should be brought low, so that he can become (to quote Dr, Erskine) "A Good Man".
“You’re a bit of an idiot, Steve.” Bucky said before he sighed.
Gabe translated that he’d believed he’d die there.
“Oui, merci,” the man named Jacques added sincerely. “J’ai bien cru que j’allais mourir dans cet endroit atroce.”
Previous assessment of Anthony Stark lasting one minute, thirty-four seconds was talkative and erratic. Steve, Authority Level: friend, had ordered newly named Bucky to follow him to this door where the Stark was kept. Analysis of door showed it was heavily fortified. Difficulty level of breaking it down: medium to high--not impossible. The newly named Bucky didn’t want to meet the Stark. It wanted quiet.
Steve huffed out a breath and murmured, “Not the landscapes I was expecting.”
Tony watched the horror on the faces of the men at that revelation, and he tried to reign in his anger. Tony had known, but it didn’t make it any easier to hear it.
“I…” he began, feelings his heart begin to beat faster. “Something happened the other night…at the expo.”
Steve smiled, “Yup, absurdly sweet.”
But he knew Tony and Steve would never hurt him, the bath was an example of that. They wanted to take care of him, and he desperately wanted that to happen. He wanted hands that were gentle, hands that made him feel good.
Steve didn’t see it that way. He’d helped, but they’d fought for their freedom and won it themselves. He was still having trouble wrapping his head around the respect they showed him, but he still appreciated it.
he cared so much about him. The only clear memories he had of Steve were from when they’d fought each other on the heli-carrier and everything after that. Even as he’d pulled Steve from the river, he hadn’t known why he was doing it. He just knew he had to do it, an instinct that he couldn’t ignore.
Tony chuckled, “I was ready for you to punch me for almost kissing Steve. I’m glad you didn’t. My lip’s almost healed.” He kissed him briefly. “So no plans, is there something you want.”
Steve was frozen in shock for a moment when Bucky closed the distance between them and wrapped his arms around Steve’s waist as he nuzzled his face against Steve’s neck. On instinct, Steve’s arms returned the embrace and squeezed gently as he felt Bucky try to move in even closer. Steve didn’t know if this was a dream or not, but if it was, it was the best one he’d had since he’d woken from the ice. He didn’t ever want this to end. He could die happily in his sleep after this dream.
“Oh my God, Tony,” Bucky groaned, “you weren’t kiddin’. This stuff’s so good.”
Either way, he liked it, but he knew that was only because it was Steve. He didn’t think he would want anyone else touching him. Well, he would probably let Tony do this, but his other former partner wasn’t here. Bucky missed him, and again, that was both foreign and familiar.
But Steve spoke over him. “I was gone for two hours, Buck. When I came back, he’d just finished fixing the water heater.”
, Steve thought,
“Alright, now I’m a little freaked because did he just chuckle while he was talking?” Sam asked.
he pled,
“Indeed,” the man agreed as he watched him, “I for one never imagined that I would be here, finalizing my work with the chance to see it truly valued for what it could be.”
Bucky huffed out a laugh. “Yeah, twice this punk dragged me out to see it. At least there was popcorn.”
“Are we only going to eat what Barnes wants now?” Barton asked as he went to sit by Natasha.
Tony didn’t think he could handle knowing.
He felt hands gently lift him to try and stand next to the table. His legs nearly gave out before Steve caught him, and that’s when Bucky’s mind cleared enough for him understand why Steve had looked wrong to his eyes.
Steve couldn’t find words as his heart broke for the man he loved.
“Actually, Steve has a date,” Tony added, “but she’s bringing a couple of friends for Buck and me.”
“You were headed to eat?” Tony asked because besides the fact that he was hungry by this time of day, he didn’t want to leave the German doctor. Not yet. The temptation was too strong to talk to him.
Steve pounded on the punching bag in the gym on the training floor of the tower. It gave him something to focus on as memories flashed behind his eyes and settled into place. Over four months of new memories had written themselves into his mind. When this began, Steve couldn’t help but feel a little cheated. He had already lost so much, and now he was losing pieces of his life for every day that Tony was in the past. He could barely remember the way things should have been.
Tony grabbed his chin and turned his face back to him, pressing a soft kiss against his lips. “No, you’re beautiful, baby boy. Look at that smooth, pale skin, and now I can see how far down that blush of yours goes.”
Steve calls him Bucky. It’s ridiculous. He’s a grown man, an ex-Hydra asset with an adamantium arm and the deadliest assassin in the world. With those credentials they should be calling him Vader. Or Khan. Maybe Darkseid. Not Bucky.
As he walked in to their apartment, however, the song he was whistling died on his lips. His first thought was surprise that Bucky was already home. He’d normally be at the docks for several more hours, but then he finally took in the full scene.
He had no time to recover before Steve did it again, and again. Tony’s arms fell to the mattress, his hands gripping the sheets as Steve started a punishing pace.
Steve watched as tears fell down Tony’s cheek. “I’ve lost so many people because of this broken thing inside of me, every relationship, friendship has been ruined. I don’t want to ruin you.”
That had been almost three months ago, and Bucky has killed many more since that day.
It didn’t make sense to Steve because Tony had always been the most practical of all of them. Tony loved science and technology, not folklore, and Steve hated watching the man’s anxiety eat at him the way it was doing.
Tony watched the other two as they ate their morning meal, reflecting on the stories they’d shared before bed. Their misadventures had had him laughing with disbelief, and their struggles had broken his heart. In his mind he called them boys, but they’d already had a hard life and were men in their own right.
The guy was hurt, but Bucky could hear him cursing as he continued to kick and struggle in their grip until they disappeared from view. The sound of the metal door slamming shut echoed throughout the prison block.
This wasn’t the tingly, almost useless feeling of oxygen deprivation. It was a cold numbness that sometimes spiked to a painful intensity before eventually going back to numb, and it wouldn’t go away. Tony knew that it was somehow tied to Bucky. It was the only thing that made sense. In the four years that Tony has been here, this has never happened. Not once. Suddenly, just when Tony knew it was time that Bucky was due to be tortured and experimented on, his cursed hand decides to start acting up?
So, enjoy!?
He saw when Bucky’s eyes kept drifting over the large object in the corner that was covered by a sheet.
So, he took a breath and got up from his chair at the island. He grabbed his juice and moved to the fridge to refill the almost empty glass, then he walked over and sat down at the table across from the other three. They stopped their conversation and looked over to him. He could see Banner and Barton’s surprise, though Banner seemed more polite about it. Natasha’s small smile returned as she nodded to him again.
