“I was just explaining the finer points of shibari to Cassie here,” Gabriel said defensively. Sam saw the photographs in Gabriel’s hand.
"I think working the Crowley front will be the easiest," Sam said, looking at his brother. "You guys had that bromance going on when you had the Mark of Cain, and he did help us when Amara tried to end the universe. Besides, if we tell him we can cage Lucifer for him and he won't need the kids' power, maybe he'll back off."
“So we share a birthday, huh?” he said softly into her ear. “That’s pretty cool. At least I never had a reason to forget it,” he chuckled. "How old are you?”
Bobby looked at him quizzically, then laughed. “No, not Q from Star Trek Next Gen, though now that I think about it, it kinda fits. No, Dad’s like Q from the James Bond movies. Since he went full Men of Letters, he’d been using the stuff he learned to make cool gizmos and weapons for you guys and other hunters.”
“I mean, you’ve got an awesome body,” he said awkwardly. “I can’t understand how you can eat like that and not look like the Stay-Puft Marshmallow Man.”
“So what’s the plan now, kiddos? You can’t open the cage without the rings. You could try killing me, but I don’t think you’ve ever killed anyone in your lives, especially family. You’re out of options.”
Cas went back to biting and soothing across Dean’s chest. At his nipple, he alternated laving it with the flat of his tongue and flicking it with the tip. When the bud at the center stood perfectly erect, Cas took it between his teeth and put pressure on it. Not enough to sting, but enough so that Dean could feel his pulse throbbing in it. But now he wanted that sting, so he pushed his chest out, whining until Cas bit down on it, giving Dean what he wanted. Dean let out a groaning gasp at the pain, wanting more.
Dean thought splitting up was a good idea. If they were together then whatever this thing was could possibly make them do more bullshit. He didn't want to even think about what he did with Sam. It was just so
“Don’t you get smart with me, young lady!” Dean pointed at her, getting his temper up all over again.
“Nothing, Samshine,” Gabriel said, trying for innocence but failing miserably. “We’re just talking, that’s all.”
That prompted a discussion on the merits of Star Trek, and which series was better. Castiel tried his hardest to ignore them, but Charlie and Dean, and then Kevin, kept sucking him into conversations. Rehearsals proceeded to fly by with small conversations between songs and a growing list of movies Charlie and Dean deemed necessary for Castiel’s cinematic education.
“I don’t know,” Sam said, hugging Sammy up against his chest and rubbing circles over his back, “but I’m liking it.” He tilted his head down and kissed Sammy on top of his head.
After about a dozen songs, they packed it up as the sun was setting over the plaza. Dean counted the money as Cas stood with his phrasebook out, shaking hands and thanking everyone. When all was said and done, they had almost 500 euros.
"Good to know you've always been nosy," she said dryly. "You shouldn't be looking at that, you know."
a cat person, but he knew Cas found them adorable. Some of the video clips they found were actually kinda cute. They had just found a video of cats reacting to their own reflections in mirrors when Gabriel and MJ came in.
“Come here often?” Dean blurts as he leans against the railing just a few inches from Cas’s elbow. He struggles to suppress a cringe.
He gets in the shower and replays the entire fight and doesn’t touch himself at all but to wash off the sweat.
to go on. Geez, and I really thought I was teaching you a lesson earlier. Should’ve known trying to humble you, it’s like trying to…teach a frog to play piano.”
Cas does not know. What he does know is that, right now, questioning anything too much might cause Dean to run off, and, right now, he really,
Dean rolls his eyes dramatically to no one. Sam must be Skyping with Eileen again and fantasizing about traveling like honeymooners and probably painting his nails and braiding his hair, too. He wanders down the hall to the library, where Cas is reading a paperback novel.
“No problem, man,” he shrugs. “Just, y’know, we got a perfectly good punching bag. Next time you want to punch something, try that.” When Cas doesn’t respond, he adds, “Or a pillow. Pillow works. Bunch of towels maybe. Sam, you can punch Sam, I’ll get him to come back,” Dean eyes start to crinkle as he watches Cas’s mouth struggle to stay a straight line, “Or me even, you can hit me.”
Sam turns the trinket over in his hands. It’s a tiny glass-beaded rope about the width of a pencil, with a metal ring on the end. It’s intricately, geometrically patterned. He cannot imagine a world in which he uses it, but still, the gesture makes him smile. “Thanks, Cas.”
doesn’t want him to do that. So he leans up again and kisses him, this time with intention and heat.
” Dean slams the washing machine door a few more times for good measure. He wonders if this will finally, actually be enough to teach him to quit messing with Gabriel for good, but he doubts it.
Cas narrows his eyes at Dean’s flustering as Sam’s heavy footsteps echo down the hall. Dean lets out a breath and rolls his eyes, turning to lay on his back.
Cas looks down at their hands, then up at Dean’s face. Dean’s still smirking, but he just keeps staring down the road, occasionally glancing in the rearview. Heart thudding suddenly in his chest, Cas turns to watch the white lines ticking under the car the whole way home.
“Hello, Gabriel,” Chuck said with a smile. “Castiel, Sam, Dean,” he nodded to each of them. “And these are your kids. I gotta tell you guys, when I heard about them, I was pleasantly surprised. When I created the angels, I never meant for them to be alone, to
Dean shrugged her head off his shoulder playfully and said “I look forward to those times. But right now, we got witches to gank.”
A minute or two later he blinked his eyes open, realizing he was laying on top of Cas. His angel was still breathing hard and stroking his back. He looked up to see Cas looking down at him, looking totally blissed out with a goofy grin on his face.
Dean dried off his body and slipped on his boxers before heading back to his room, toweling his hair dry as he walked down the hall. He met Cas at his door in the now familiar flannel pajama pants and white undershirt that the angel wore in an effort to make Dean more comfortable.
“That’s it?!?” Gabriel exclaimed after a moment of stunned silence. “Where’s the big Dean Winchester freakout?” Gabriel almost looked a little disappointed, and Dean just laughed.
He looked from the baby to his mom and brother a few times before deciding this was a battle he wasn't going to win. He put Sammy in his mom's arms. "He just had a bottle and a diaper change about forty minutes ago, but if he starts getting wiggly he might need some time with Cas. He only gave me one good burp earlier, so if he gets fussy you might wanna try-"
Both men snapped to attention, Gabriel reaching for the bear. He snatched it out of Dean’s hand and snapped his fingers, a small white box appearing in his hand. He squeezed it.
Cas looked at him and blinked. "That is where you marked me, Dean, when you shared your soul with me."
“Gabriel was explaining shibari to me,” Castiel told Dean. “He was telling me that it isn’t so much about the rope patterns themselves, but the process. He thought it may be something we would want to explore.”
"Zachariah hit the nail on the head when he said you two were erotically codependent," Gabriel said with a grin. Castiel just gave him a withering look.
They stowed their gear, including MJ’s backpack, in the trunk and Dean slid into the driver’s seat. MJ got in on the passenger side and slid all the way to the middle of the seat, leaving the door open and looking at Cas expectantly.
Cas was startled by the front door opening and a shout of, “what’s up, bitches?” He looked up to see Charlie come in, Kevin behind her, and her face lit up when she saw Castiel. “Cas!” she said, rushing him with an unexpected hug. He just kind of floundered, not knowing where to put his hands. She grabbed his shoulders and asked with a wink, “you ready to have your cherry popped?”
Sam started struggling again, fighting against Dean who was trying to calm him down. “Hold on, hold on a sec, okay? Listen to me!” Sam stopped struggling, but he was panting for breath as he tried to calm down and listen to Dean. “Gabriel let you have too much of his grace for too long. You got addicted to it, like the demon blood. You’re going through withdrawal right now. You gotta come down and get used to having just the right amount in you before you go near Gabriel again or you could hurt him.”
Castiel was confused. Had Dean and Sam lost someone to a drunk driver? Did the subject make Dean uncomfortable, or even sad over such a loss? If so, maybe he could provide some solidarity for Dean, as an olive branch for their newfound friendship. Before he could think better of it, he stood beside Dean and telling him, “If you would like to contribute, I would be glad to assist where I can.”
"Yep," Gabriel said with a grin. "Jensen Ackles, Soap Star Extraordinaire. He also played in some movie called
“It’s getting late, I should be getting home. Dean and I have rehearsals tomorrow.” Cas held up the sheets to Sammy and asked, “may I?” Sammy just nodded, and Cas stashed the sheet music in his messenger bag.
Sam stood up and rested a hand on his brother’s shoulder. “It’s okay, Dean,” he said softly, but with confidence. “It’ll be a good thing. We were actually just talking about how to get you involved. It might help.”
By Friday he and Cas had been talking more, and Dean felt a little more confident about asking the man to hang out outside of practice. Gabriel was back at the Speakeasy that night, and he knew Sam was gonna be there watching his boyfriend’s band. Maybe with his brother there, Cas would see it more like hanging out and less like a date and would agree to go with them.
Sam and Dean were sitting at the map table in the war room drinking their coffee and looking for hunts on their respective laptops when Gabriel and Castiel walked in. Sam looked up and could almost see the gears turning in Gabriel’s head. Something was definitely up. Sam nudged Dean, and when his brother looked up at him he nodded his head towards the angels. Dean got the same feeling Sam did.
After laying Dean on his treasured memory foam mattress, Cas removed the man’s boots, socks, and bloody flannel and shirt. He left briefly to retrieve a washcloth and bowl of warm water, then gently washed the blood from Dean’s too-pale skin, freckles on his shoulder standing out in stark relief.
“Your cage is directly below us,” Bobby told him, placing his hand on Lucifer’s other shoulder. “We’re not opening the cage; we’re flying you directly in.”
Dean was cranky. He loved baby Sammy to death, but he had never realized how exhausting newborns could be. It seemed like all Sammy did was eat, shit, fuss, and sleep. He tried to sleep when Sammy slept, but the longest he'd sleep in one stretch was about four hours. He'd fall into bed next to Cas and barely start kissing him when he passed out from exhaustion. He hadn't been on a hunt in weeks, sending MJ with Sam on salt and burns and Gabriel going with his brother for anything more dangerous. He knew he didn't have to try to take care of Sammy by himself, but it's how he was wired; it was all he knew how to do.
“We need to fix their timeline,” Sam said, taking a sip of his beer. “We need to find out when everything started going downhill for them and figure out how to prevent that. I don’t want them to suffer, and if we send them back to take care of things then, well…” he trailed off, thinking the worst.
“When you do leave,” he said without a trace of his normal sick and twisted humor, “tell Gabriel to come and visit me. So I’m not so lonely when you’re gone, you know?” His smile was small and sad, and MJ squeezed his hand with a nod.
The mood lightened after that, Dean and Sam telling Gabriel about how they met Kevin. Looking back, Kevin couldn’t help but laugh about how badly he freaked out about missing the SATs. He wanted to think that if he knew where he would end up that he wouldn’t have stressed so much, but he knows he still would have.
"So Deano," Gabriel said, taking a seat at the map table, "what did you find out on your little jaunt to the future?"
Castiel grinned wildly as he and Dean completed their set for the MADD benefit at The Speakeasy. While the lineup included many talented musicians and DJs, Gabriel had touted them as top billing, both being First Chair for the Kansas City Orchestra.
sex. And sometimes your kids walk in on you. It’s disturbing,” she said, rolling her eyes at them both.
A week later, Bagram Airfield was on lockdown. Fourteen men, all in the same platoon, had been killed during the night, stabbed through their hearts. All fourteen men were in the same platoon as Specialist Rose Williams. CNN was reporting a possible security breach by local insurgents.
"What's all the yelling about?" Mary asked as she walked into the room holding baby Sammy. A moment later, Castiel and Gabriel arrived with the kids. Dean went to his daughter and wrapped his arms around her.
“Hey Sammich, come check this out,” Gabriel called out. Sam got up and walked over to where they stood over MJ’s bent head. Gabriel pointed at the powder and said with a grin “touch that.”
Kevin got up and wrapped his arms around MJ. He buried his nose in her neck and murmured “you smell nice, and you’re really pretty.”
Sam wanted to punch something, mainly his brother. He knew his brother could be an idiot and go off half-cocked when he got something into his head, but he just couldn't believe Dean would do something like this without running it by him first. Next time he saw his brother,
Gabriel was lying on the bed next to him, panting. Sam couldn’t remember if they had just finished round four or round five so far that morning but he didn’t care, he was still rock hard. He got up and kneeled next to Gabriel, pulling him up to his knees.
Sam was already trying to call Dean with this information, but it went to voicemail. He tried every number he had for his brother, but nothing. He even tried Cas’ cell phone, but they couldn’t reach him either. He checked the time; they would have just arrived in town, depending on how fast Dean drove.
Sam was amazed, and then ashamed. He and Gabriel had been mourning a life that would never be, and they hadn’t really seen the young man they’d raise together one day. Their son was, as Kevin put it, an
So, they weren’t having sex. What the hell could be so bad then? Dean was even more confused than before. “I want the whole story MJ,” Dean told her. “No matter how embarrassing.” He was really hoping he wasn’t going to regret this.
Sam couldn't help but laugh at Castiel's clinical assessment. Part of him wanted to be offended that the angel preferred Dean, but the entire situation was just so fucked up that he was gonna let his brother have that one.
Dean was getting antsy. He didn’t like everything so quiet, feeling like it meant something was gearing up to explode in their faces. Everyone gave him a wide berth, not wanting to trigger his temper. He paced around the bunker holding baby Sammy and
“Ack! You wound me sir! I even have Cassie’s seal of approval on this idea, so you have to trust me!” Gabriel walked over to the brothers and very gently shut both of their laptops with one finger on each hand. “You’ll love it, both of you, I promise.” He looked at them, pleading with his eyes for them to play along. Dean, for one, was curious what Gabriel could have cooked up that Cas was excited about.
Dean let out a laugh at that. “No doubt, dude. Probably got sick of our bitching. C’mon,” he said, picking up his cello and heading towards the door. “Let’s go tell him the good news.”
“Speaking of abilities,” MJ said, changing the subject, “I am now demon, angel, and spell-proof. You now have no way of grounding me.” She gave her dads a smug smile, then laughed. “I still can’t believe you thought you could use an angel trap on me.”
“I think we need a change in the musical portion of the program,” Gabriel said, snapping his fingers. Dean’s choice of music was soon replaced by Ed Sheeran’s
Gabriel rocked back and forth on his heels, hands behind his back, looking like innocence personified. “Have you tried praying to him?”
“Nooooo,” Gabriel said, as if he was talking to a third-grader. “Sammy’s not a Nephilim, he’s a full angel. He was speaking the equivalent of baby-talk in Enochian and could understand it when I spoke it to him, and he has wings.”
Castiel looked at him, Dean’s smile lighting up his eyes and he couldn’t help smiling back. “One of these days, we may actually make it out of our clothes.”
MJ and Kevin in bathing suits sitting on the end of a dock with their feet dangling in the water. Whoever took the picture took it from behind the two, catching them kissing. Dean wasn't quite sure how to feel about that.
For the most part, Gabriel seemed to be coping with what had happened. Although he still seemed like himself, he was more subdued. On occasion, Sam would catch him with a look on his face he couldn’t quite recognize, just staring off into space. When he’d ask Gabriel what he was thinking about, Gabriel would give him a brilliant smile and say “just you, gorgeous”. Sam would just smile back at him fondly, but he knew something had fundamentally changed in his angel.
“Damn, Cas,” Dean said softly, tucking himself back into his jeans and fastening them back up, “I’m starting to think I might be a bad influence on you.” He looped his arms around Cas’ waist, pulling him close.
"You idiots!" Gabriel yelled, trying to wipe the viscous liquid from his face. "Don't let it get in your mouth or eyes!"
“Hey,” Gabriel said, a thought suddenly occurring to him, “think you’ll be back in time for Christmas? I’ve got big plans!”
Dean laughed as he watched Cas polish off his full-pound burger. “Dammit, Cas,” he said in amazement, “where do you put it?”
“It’s always good to know how to use more than one weapon,” Sam argued. “Besides, guns are ranged weapons, he can gank a monster without getting within its reach.”
Dean groaned, fantasy aborted. He sluggishly got up and pulled on a fresh pair of boxers and a tee, mindlessly heading to the kitchen for coffee. He had a feeling this was gonna be a long day.
him have First Chair. He probably assumed I’d go all “heart-eyed” and be satisfied with second chair as long as I was with him.”
Gabriel threw an arm over Dean’s shoulder, leading him out of the room. “Nothing major, just a power drill…” His voice trailed off as they left the room.
burger. He’d experimented with different seasoning in the beef, different cheeses, different toppings. At one point, he even tried his hand at baking his own hamburger buns, but found that baking was something he should never do again.
Sam remembered that conversation with Gabe, talking about all the places he’d been and the things he never got to do. He smiled, thinking Gabriel an utter romantic for remembering and planning this out. With a whispered “thank you”, he pulled Gabriel close and kissed him.
“I know, right?” MJ agreed with her cousin. “I cracked one about Dad pulling out a stripper pole and Papa dancing for him while he stuffed money in his underwear, but I got out of there before I totally lost it.”
Castiel wrapped an arm around his daughter’s shoulder and smoothed down her hair before planting a kiss on her forehead. “I do not know, Mary Jo. Time is a fickle thing. Any number of things can affect the future, but the past can rarely be changed. Since both are involved at this juncture in time, I am hesitant to speculate on what to expect.”
“His wings are beautiful Dean,” Cas said softly, smiling at his son. He looked up at Dean and gave him that radiant smile Dean rarely saw.
“Pops already knows most of it MJ. You know our dads-the more they know, the more they’re gonna feel like they’ll have to stick to a script to make sure we exist. If it’s forced, they may not bond and then our entire timeline will cease to exist. You just stick to the salt and burns with Uncle Dean, and I’ll go through all this info with Pops again. If he sees something the dads can help with, he’ll let them know. Before you know it, we’ll be back where we should be with the life we should have.”
"Sammy," Dean choked out, "it's me. It's 2017 me. I used the same spell the kids used to come back to us."
Castiel had exchanged a couple texts with Dean over the weekend, along the lines of ‘I enjoyed myself Friday night’ and ‘do you have any plans for the weekend?’ He hoped Dean didn’t think he was being too forward. After the small taste he had gotten on Friday, his mind couldn’t (wouldn’t) stop venturing into scenarios for a “next time”. Mostly, he wondered if Dean were a top or a bottom.
Dean snapped his hips up in rhythm with Cas’, meeting him thrust for thrust, each one harder than the next. He could feel his orgasm coiling up inside him, ready to break free. “I’m close, Cas,” he panted in his lover’s ear. “C’mon angel, harder!” Cas picked up the force and tempo of his thrusts, making Dean cry out a litany of “YESYESYESYES-
“I know none of you have a good reason to trust me,” she started, “but I’m afraid I must insist on the entire story of why your children are here from the future. I’m not looking to wage another battle with the Winchesters,” she said defensively, holding her hands in front of her in surrender. “Unfortunately, the rumors I heard regarding Nephilim walking the Earth came from a prisoner I was interrogating, and I believe they may be in danger.”
“I know, Dad,” Bobby said, hugging him back. Sam slapped his back, then headed out. Bobby turned to Gabriel. “Seriously, you don’t have to make everything a competition, I love you both the same.”
Lucifer perked up when he heard voices, and outright grinned when he saw MJ. “Hello my darling niece,” he said with an amused lilt to his voice. “I didn’t expect a visit from you so soon! To what do I owe the pleasure?”
Mary took up a chair next to her grandchildren, trying to make sense out of all of this. “Why don’t you kids tell me everything? And I mean
"Okay you two, show's over," Gabriel told the kids. "Go find some other mischief to make." Bobby gave his dads a thumbs up as he and his cousin left the library, leaving the two alone.
Cas tilted his head in confusion. He turned to see what the Winchesters were staring at and was greeted with the sight of his own wings materialized on their plane of existence. There was still plenty of damage to be seen on them, but they were recovering nicely. Still, if there was ever a time for the Winchesters to see his wings, Castiel would not have picked this moment. Patchy spots of new growth were interspersed with his existing feathers and bald spots from where they were yanked out at the root during the Fall. Some laid down neatly in place, while others were sticking out at odd angles.
When the water runs clear and the sink is white again, Dean turns the knobs and then folds a washcloth over Cas’s hand, gently patting with both hands. He leans his hip on the sink while Cas looks off through the doorway. The faint buzz from the light fixture fills the quiet.
Before Dean can say a single word, Cas disappears, leaving Dean to wonder if it was an accident or on purpose. He doesn’t reappear.
“Sam and Eileen are honeymooning in Omaha, I guess,” he offers. Cas glances up from the book, turns a page, looks back down.
She laughs again from the back of her throat. Gabriel lands a blow across her face, then another. “I’m just helping her,” she spits blood onto the floor, “find her true potential.”
After moving Cas to his bed to keep resting, calling Sam and updating him on what happened, and eating two old protein bars out of desperation, Dean says to the empty kitchen, “Okay, Gabriel, I’m asking nicely. Pretty please with sugar on top. Something’s up with Cas. And if this ain’t you—We…we need your help.”
Dean rolls his eyes even harder this time, muttering something Cas can’t parse. He grabs Cas’s glass and downs it like a shot. Cas gives a disapproving shake of his head.
Dawn is filtering through the cheap curtains when Dean wakes again. He shifts his legs, scrunches his face. They’re each curled on their sides, facing each other, with enough space between them that the last remnants of Dean’s internalized homophobia can rest easy. He opens his eyes to Cas staring at him already.
“Jesus H. Christ on the goddamn cross,” Dean mutters, grabbing Cas’s hand to angle his wounds into the light. “What did you do? Fight the wall?”
Cas demonstrates by showing his glowing palms, a big grin on his face. “I feel much better. I’ll be right back.”
Dean wakes with his hand tangled in Cas’s hair. His head is tucked into his shoulder, mouth open against Dean’s pec, one hand laying lazily across his hip. Dean cards through the hair on the back of his head slowly as consciousness seeps into him.
From across the room, they both hear Dean’s cellphone ring where Cas left it. Dean lays there for a moment, heaving, half a hard on pressing into his leg, phone ringing impatiently.
this!” she shrieks, shaking the chair and seemingly the floor with it. A puff of dust crumbles from the ceiling.
“I don’t know, how am I supposed to find the bastard that poisoned my girlfriend’s sister?” He gestures at Cas as an afterthought. “And my brother? We need to find them before they can get back to Durga and fuck off again, or we’ll be doing this dance all over again on another continent.”
“Ew, wait,” Dean shakes his head as he gets over to his dresser, pulls out a clean pair. “Here,” he smiles, tossing them over.
He and Cas stare at each other from across the room for several moments. Dean looks back at the tree. “I guess it’s nice,” he says more to himself, “these decorations. But he didn’t even…”
“Yeah, right. Like you’d leave me here.” Gabriel’s laugh drips with venom. He looks around the room and asks, “Where’re the other amigos?”
Dean startles awake and wonders if Gabriel lied about reversing the spell, but he probably needs more evidence before he can start blaming all his unconscious gay thoughts on him. And dreams are just the brain’s way of processing what it’s taken in, right? Just little stories that are invented randomly like pulling on a slot machine. So all this funny Gabriel business gave him an unintended wet dream about his dorky angel friend, so what?
“Well I’m not either,” Cas responds somberly behind him. It has nothing to do with his grace. “Please go.”
Dean reaches over and knocks Cas’s hand out from under his chin so he flops back onto the pillow. Cas narrows his eyes and reaches out to do the same, but Dean grabs his wrist while stifling a laugh, holds it away from him. A microscopic smile spreads across Cas’s face, half buried by the pillow, while he plays at struggling. It’s all unbearably domestic.
been researching, and they have a few ideas for reversal spells. The bunker has most of the ingredients, but they have to take a trip to find the bones of a “woman of God,” whatever that means. After the door closes behind them, Dean feels a mix of relief and apprehension. He just wants this whole thing to be over. He misses Cas, he can admit it. Maybe he’s still not ready to accept the depth of his feelings, or even the nature of them, but he knows his best friend is acting insane and it’s making him insane too. He’s briefly nostalgic for the time when his worst problem was Gabriel’s weird magic boners.
But when they clamber down the metal stairs into the bunker, Dean is standing there in a robe and pajamas with huge bags under his eyes. He’s drinking from a tall thermos. His hair is sticking out in the back and Sam’s not sure if it’s from sleeping or pulling on it.
“I’m sorry, Dean,” Cas murmurs. He lifts his head an inch to cast a look around the room. “Is everyone alright?”
“Uh,” he shouts, “Don’t come in! I’m…naked?” It happens to be true. He does not mention the naked man in his arms.
…the way I feel about you. Not a woman, no one….Hell, I thought—I thought I was straight. Like, I really thought it. It seemed true.” He shakes his head. “But I guess it doesn’t matter. Because…because it’s you.”
“We’re two dudes in a nightclub creeping on a hot monster bimbo and waiting to ventilate her,” Dean justifies, “I think I’ve earned a second drink.”
“Just a little spell to give him a chub anytime he gets the ole grace fingers.” He waggles his eyebrows and his fingers at the same time. “He started it when he trapped me in holy fire, okay? Besides, it barely even worked, and it was strictly boner patrol only.” His voice turns unexpectedly sincere. “I didn’t make him do anything he didn’t want to. And it’s done now anyway, so, don’t worry, I broke the spell. Now if you don’t mind,” he turns to wink at Dean, “I have an orgy in Rome to return to.”
Dean sits in the booth, fork in hand, ready to slice through a short stack of pancakes. Syrup is dripping down the sides and a pat of butter is blurring from the warmth. Steam rises from the eggs and bacon nestled next to them. He’s in the middle of saying, “Now that’s what I’m talking about” when he looks across the table at the empty space where Cas no longer is.
Dean pictures twisting the smarmy asshole’s head off like a bottle cap. He lunges for Gabriel who just flies to the other side of the room, then straightens with gravity, his eyes pointed.
Dean knows that denying it too much will just prove his point, so instead he rolls his eyes and says, “Fuck off.” Gabriel fucks off and Dean grabs the flask by his bed.
Cas drops the jar onto the table and stretches his hands, making fists. He lifts his arms, slowly flaps like a chicken.
He stands there, assessing the situation for a moment, before clearing his throat, making Cas jump and swivel his head up. His eyes are glassy and red.
It’s such an obvious bait but it works nonetheless. Challenge crosses into Cas’s eyes as he huffs out a pretentious laugh. “I just don’t want to hurt you.”
Cas leaves an inch of space between their palms as usual. And then, for seemingly no reason at all, Dean can’t help but close it. His heart starts skipping. His eyes are roving the room, embarrassed. Mercifully, Sam is busy tapping away on his phone. But Cas notices the heat of his flat hand, then the blush crawling up Dean’s neck—confusingly—and says nothing.
Cas narrows his eyes and glances at Dean, who is glaring at Gabriel, and then at the empty space where Gabriel was. He shifts his weight, says, “Um...yeah,” with too much ferocity.
Which means, despite his extensive sexual history, and despite his continued insistence that he can last for hours, this is how Dean comes their first time: Cas pressing both hips firmly into the mattress with his hands, lapping hungrily, moaning vibrations around his cock; Dean, one hand on Cas’s cheek, the other a fist in Cas’s hair, emitting light whimpers he will misremember as deep, manly groans.
“I’ve got a peace offering…” he tries, clinking the glasses. “It’s uh…Hendrick’s? That mean anything?”
like this,” is all he can think so say. He lets his hands slide down Cas’s neck to rest on his shoulder. The room is quiet but for their heavy breathing. He leans his forehead down to Cas’s other shoulder for a few minutes.
It’s exactly 2:38 AM when Dean startles awake. Whatever nightmare it was disintegrates too fast for him to even remember. He sits up on the little foldout piece of shit and rubs his eyes with the back of his hand, blinking until he can see. Moonlight seeps in through the curtains. Cas is a lumpy outline across the room.
Cas lifts two fingers to Dean’s mouth, presses them to his lips. Dean closes his eyes and sighs without hesitation. He lets the grace flow in and around his mouth. Tastes it. Cas’s breath catches when Dean parts his lips just enough to take in the tips of his fingers. He tentatively licks across the pads. Cas goes stock still. Dean opens his eyes slowly, lids heavy, gold lashes catching in the light. He looks deep into Cas’s eyes and thinks
, Dean,” Sam gestures with his fork. “You’re telling me you never went out of your way for a special item? Hm?”
Cas only barely comprehends what Dean’s drunken idea even is. “I guess I should climb up there,” Cas huffs, thinking the tension is about to dissipate. But Dean laughs harder than the joke warrants, his fingers digging into Cas for balance, and then slurs with hardly-repressed excitement, “I’d like to see that.”
Cas nods as he pulls his pants up over his hips and buttons them. “Yes, of course. Anything you wish. I won’t tell anyone.”
“What did you do to Durga?” Kali shoots heat through her palms, ripping a shriek out of the woman. Gabriel pushes the point of his blade against her stomach.
Kali narrows her eyes and shares a look with Gabriel. He nods gravely. Then Kali removes one hand, clamps it over the witch’s mouth, and sends fire rushing through. Her muffled scream dissipates as she burns black from the inside out, crumbling into ash.
He lifts his hand to Cas’s chin and gently tilts his face up. When they make eye contact, Cas looks forlorn and confused. Dean tries to smile, but his heart is thumping and he hasn’t been this nervous since he was a kid. But fear doesn’t stop Dean from action—ask any of the hundreds of paranormal entities he’s personally vanquished.
Then, as quickly as it appeared, his body releases the tension, the light subsides from his eyes, and he blinks dark ocean blue. “That was…unusual.”
“Good morning, Dean,” Cas says from the kitchenette table behind him. “Sam and Eileen are investigating the cow mutilations. They said we should wait here.”
“What?” Gabriel holds his hands out. “I care. About…the Earth. And uh, humans.” Dean and Sam both give him a sharp glare. He glances at Kali behind them before he shrugs and breaks into a devious grin. “Okay, what can I say? I got it bad.”
Dean swallows hard, a memory passing through him. The throbbing glow of Cas’s eyes has him so mesmerized he can barely focus on what he’s saying. And he’s gone almost completely red in his uncertainty if he’s being rejected outright. “I’m not—Cas, I’m not trying to—”
“I literally just brought you a cure for your boyfriend’s premature e-grace-ulation, you ungrateful—” Gabriel starts but Kali waves her hand and he quiets.
“No, wait, I can—” Cas grits his teeth, clenches his eyes shut. When no explosion happens, Dean peeks out from behind his flannel sleeve. Cas is just standing there with his eyes glowing, the light faintly pulsing.
to the Winchesters right now, but I’ve got my own problems. And I’m tired of your—your—” He’s towering over the bed, his feet framed by Dean’s. The gin is blurring the edges of his words. “You get…you drink and you get…
Cas puffs a breath out, looks out the window. Dean sighs again, swings his knees onto the seat and fully turns around, says, “Look at me Cas!” and reaches out to grab his lapel. Cas finally looks up at him like he’s grown a second head. He slinks back, and his utter bewilderment pulls a smile wide across Dean’s face.
“What, Cas?” Dean asks. Cas looks back at him. They are close enough that Dean’s eyes track back and forth between his. A thin strip of light lay across them, the blues shifting from deep to light.
They knew the objective was to get answers, but they were both pretty proud of themselves nonetheless. Taking out some flesh-eating creeps and surviving is enough some days.
“Okay, this is something weird,” Sam finally says after two hours of typing on his laptop in the passenger seat. Eileen perks up from the back seat, tries to lean over Sam’s shoulder to see what’s on the screen. “I don’t know if it’s what we’re looking for, but there were some…cow mutilations.”
“What time is it?” Cas’s breath puffs warmly across his cool skin. His hand at Dean’s hip comes alive, stroking gently.
Dean’s face heats up. He doesn’t check to see how Cas is reacting. If he did, he’d know Cas was also blushing, his temporary humanity betraying his usual composure.
Cas watches his lips press around the mouth of the bottle. Dean can feel him watching. He hands the bottle to Cas, as if that’s what he wanted, who hesitates only a moment before taking a long drag himself. The halo tilts slightly and Dean goes to adjust it. His fingers trail over Cas’s hair and he doesn’t realize he says the word “soft” out loud, under his breath.
“Or…You guys wanna go to a bar or something?” Dean asks. He’s not particularly looking forward to another 6 hour drive home.
His bald display of joy. The flip of his stomach then, and now. He breaks into laughter, feeling, primarily, relieved.
Something clicks softly in the back of Cas’s mind. Relief washes through him so visibly Dean chokes back a laugh.
When he opens the door again, steam billows out behind him. His hair is ruffled and slick, with a few droplets streaming down the back of his neck. One rough towel is wrapped around his hips, and he’s got another in his hand, patting at his neck. Cas glances over from his spot on the bed and looks away quickly, going rigid.
“There’s always a chance Deano. We could change one thing now and it will change how our future selves will act. For all we know, the kids coming back could have already changed everything, for better or worse. It’s a chance they were willing to take to take care of the people they love. Sound familiar?” Gabriel arched an eyebrow at him.
“It’s a chipotle pepper mayonnaise,” Cas told him. “I make it myself. I find that ketchup is too sweet and mustard is too sour for my tastes, so I started experimenting with other flavors. Set that down and toast the buns, please.”
When the band ended their set, they both clapped until their hands were sore, still grinning like idiots. Cas got the waitress' attention and ordered a couple more beers for them. Before Dean could tell Cas what a great time he was having, the main act came on stage and Dean's jaw dropped when they announced ZZ Top.
“I’ll be there in a couple minutes,” Bobby tells them, “let me just get this little guy settled in.” Dean nodded at that, and he and MJ headed towards the others.
"Okay," Dean said again. He thought for a minute before pulling Cas up and guiding him to lay out on the bed with his head on the pillows. He slowly spread his legs apart and sat between them, and he could've sworn he'd seen Cas' dick twitch. Cas reached over to the night stand and grabbed something, offering Dean a half-empty bottle of lube.
“I’m Bobby, that’s MJ,” the boy said as he pulled something from his bag. It was a large, leather-bound book with
Bobby took off his shoes and socks and walked through the grass for a bit, feeling the softness between his toes. When that didn’t help, he looked around to make sure no one was there, then snapped up an acoustic guitar. He sat down cross-legged on the bench, going through finger drills and chords, slowly easing his blood pressure down.
Gabriel quirked an eyebrow at that. He looked inside the bag to find an iPod and noise-cancelling headphones. “Aww gee, Cassie, you shouldn’t have,” he said with a big smile.
"What the hell kind of people enjoy this shit?" Dean stood on wobbly legs, hand braced on the wall. "You know what? I don't even wannna know. Let's just get the shit, do the spell, and go take care of this shit."
“We mated with Father’s blessing, and we raise our children well.” Gabriel dug his sword a little deeper into Samyaza’s neck. “And I’m here to get justice for everyone you ever hurt, every soul you’ve eaten, every life you’ve taken. No one else will ever suffer
“That’s bullshit and you know it, Cas,” Dean said with a sneer. “Why does what she think matter to you so damned much?”
“Fuck you, Gabriel,” he snarled. “Cas is a stuck-up rich boy with entitlement issues. He wasn’t good enough to get First Chair on his own, so he decided to fuck with me instead.”
, but it’s been spelled to continue causing itchiness until blood is drawn,” Castiel explained. MJ felt thoroughly ashamed, not having considered it could be more than just regular old itching powder. “You should consider yourself lucky, Mary Jo,” Castiel continued sternly. “Had any of this gotten on you, your scratches would heal themselves before blood could be drawn, and you would continue to itch for much, much longer, to the point it would become psychological torture.”
. He pressed deeper into the kiss, tilting his head and nipping at Cas' bottom lip gently. When the angel gasped in surprise, Dean took the opportunity to slide his tongue in and taste him. Cas tasted of burgers and beer and apple pie and
"Nothing I didn't already know," Gabriel said with a shrug. Then he grinned. "Sammy's got some pretty good theories though."
"You're nuts if you think I'm gonna just spill my life story to a few celebrities playing at their onscreen characters." she said with a huff.
Alex had left for Kansas State after her high school graduation, but Claire stayed with Jody and was attending classes at the local community college. Dean decided to fill Jody in  before Claire got home, then decide together what to tell her and what not to. Cas pulled a face at this, but kept silent.
As when anytime things start getting better, something new pops up. Or in this case, pops out. Baby Sammy shouldn’t have had enough control of his wings to travel like Gabriel and Castiel do, but he started popping in and out of rooms days ago. Sam and Dean laughed when Gabriel painted an angel trap on the floor and put Sammy in the middle of it.
It’d been a couple weeks since he got out of the cage but Bobby still didn’t feel 100%, didn’t feel quite right. He had so many feelings raging an internal war within him he didn’t know what to think, so most of the time he just chose not to. Instead, he buried himself in books, just like his dad taught him.
Sam had to admit, he and Gabriel both needed this. They’d both decided on slacks and dress shirts, sleeves rolled up to the elbows. Castiel, who wanted to give the two some semblance of privacy, tagged along in what Dean referred to as his ‘angel stealth-mode’, sliding into an ethereal plane of existence so that he could watch his charges without being seen. Sam and Gabriel talked and laughed over a nice steak dinner before heading to the dance studio, aptly named Care to Dance.
“Hello Dean,” Cas said, holding up a shopping bag of movie snacks in one hand and a pie from the corner bakery in the other like an offering.
"Oh no, Cas, I felt that," Dean said, propping up on one elbow to look his angel in the eyes. "Sammy and Gabriel annoying you?" At the mention of the two men down the hall, Dean felt that
“Hello?... Yeah… She what?!?... The hell... what happened?... Shit… No… Yeah, I’ll tell them… Shit, what about her son?... Oh, okay… Yeah, thanks.” Dean hit the end call button on his phone. He looked at the device like it personally offended him. Then with a
Gabriel reached out and ran a thumb over Dean's bottom lip, causing the hunter to suck in a silent breath. His fingertips trailed over Dean's cheekbone, gently stroking his face. "You call them bad reruns," he said with a wicked grin, "I call them classics. And Pagan gods do love their classics-overindulgence, debauchery, sacrifices. It may be overdone, doesn't mean it's not still enjoyable."
When they were done, they tossed their trash and refilled their sodas before heading back out onto the street. Dean stretched and rubbed his belly, then gave Cas a lopsided grin. "Usually after a meal like that I'd feel overstuffed and ready for a nap, but I don't."
Dean sighs. Everything’s such a production. He grabs the seat back and twists his neck around to face Cas in the back seat.
“Didn’t do anything embarrassing, did I?” Dean intends it as a joke, chuckling a little, but the way Cas starts looking around the room and shaking his head a little too insistently makes him nervous.
“Forgot my stuff,” Dean explains, dripping his way to his duffel bag. He glances at Cas, who is alternating between staring at the ceiling and the TV (that’s off). He shakes his head to suppress a chuckle before slipping boxers on underneath the towel.
They reach Cas’s room and Dean lowers him on the bed as gently as he can. Cas closes his eyes for a minute before pushing back on his elbows, staring at his own body in the bed.
Dean takes a few steps forward, something bubbling in the bottom of his throat, then stops a foot away.
. Dean erupts with laughter. He falls forward to collapse, leaning his head on Cas’s shoulder for a minute. The absurdity of it all is crashing into him. Is this really happening? He’s doing this? With Cas?
“Okay, Lady Gaga,” Dean smirks as Cas finally takes his hand and allows himself to be dragged to his feet. He is unsteady, almost falling backwards, so Dean holds on a little tighter. “You got it?”
? Wow, Cas, talk dirty to me,” he grins, fumbling through the layers of coat, suit jacket, tie, shirt. He manages to get ahold of the tie and yanks it towards him, to bring Cas’s mouth closer. Cas looks down at him with heavy lids, and when he speaks his breath puffs hot against Dean’s lips.
Dean, perpetual man of action and impatience, gives a meaningful nod to Sam before jumping up, kicking through the glass with his boot, and throwing himself through the window into a roll and crouch. He has his gun aimed before the woman can run out of the room.
Dean searches his memories. The last witch they encountered definitely got dead. Burnt to a crisp. And that was a while back. “No, I don’t think so…I guess I don’t know.”
Cas takes an undetectable moment to code the feeling of Dean’s heaving chest against his like this, under two thin and damp cotton layers, into his long term memory. The flush in Deans cheeks, his mouth open and gasping. No matter how annoyed he gets, he thinks he might like to return to this one in the future.
, which is especially frustrating because if the roles were reversed, Dean would definitely have a temper tantrum too.
Sam’s door is closed, but Dean stops a moment. His brother’s voice is muffled, but he picks out, “What about Peru? Machu Picchu?” Then, a woman’s voice floats, “What about Kyoto?”
He picks it up, thumbs the fur, then places it back on the desk. Then, he gathers the piles of clothes into a laundry bag, picks up the dishes hidden under the desk, stacks more books neatly by the end table, sweeps bits of broken light bulbs into the trash. He brings the book on summoning angels with him to the laundry room and leafs through it, wondering if Cas still counts enough as an angel for these spells to work.
Dean looks over at Cas still standing by the doorway. There’s a few locks of hair sticking up, a bit windswept, but otherwise he looks pristine. He’s standing with his arms at his sides, palms up, as if to say,
“What the hell was that, man?” He asks hoarsely. Cas turns his hand in the air and stares at his palm.
“You know, the first siren I ever—” Dean starts, then stops himself. He never thought about it further—there wasn’t time. The whole apocalypse kind of got in the way. But he abruptly realizes that he didn’t even consider the implications. That it was a man. And that he was played like fiddle.
“Like a turtle shell.” Cas says flatly, but when Dean gives him another hard stare, he continues. “I feel…porous. Usually I feel solid—I can direct the grace where and how I want it. But now…” He tips is head back and takes a long drag from the bottle. “I can’t get a handle on it. My back is exposed.”
You make demands of beings you have no business even looking at. You need to be reminded you’re a human.” Gabriel puffs his chest. “And I’m an archangel. That means: Don’t. Mess. With me.”
“That so,” Cas says, holding the book open in his lap. He follows Dean’s gaze to the halo, then assesses Dean’s confusing reaction. Finally, when Dean just stands there with nothing else to add, he sighs, “Do you want it back?”
Cas has had a lot of experiences. He’s like millions of years old. He’s taken vessels before, and he’s had sex even. But this—Dean, his mischievous smirk inches away, his callused hand roaming down the expanse of skin over his ribs, down to the softness of his stomach, around the protruding edge of hip bone. It’s overpowering.
Something like a wail rips out of Durga’s throat. Her body convulses as her head hangs, chin touching her chest, tears dropping into her hair and lap. Kali finally reaches out, places a hand on Durga’s forearm, but she doesn’t seem to notice.
Dean is laughing soundlessly but has no idea what to say. The silence thickens around them. He’s about to turn to leave again when Cas says, “I don’t know how you do it. How you…just…feel…and turn it away. Turn it off.”
Dean does not recognize being turned on by this. He sublimates the energy into rage as usual and takes a swing. Cas absorbs the punch and shoves Dean in the chest again, bouncing him slightly off the wall, with a grunt. Dean takes another swing but Cas dodges it entirely and Dean loses his balance, crashing into the side table on his way to the floor.
Kevin took a step back and just smiled up at Sam. "He did. But that upgrade he said I was getting? He made me a full-on angel, wings and everything. And since Metatron had been stripped of his grace and left the position open, Chuck gave me the job. He said I was the best choice, already knowing how to read the tablets and having translated some of them. So now he has me protecting His words and studying them until it's time to start writing again."
"Pretty sure he's not, or Heaven's switchboard would be blaring at full volume." He snapped his fingers, clothing Dean. "You two check on Cassie, I'm gonna go poke a few clouds." And with another snap, Gabriel was gone.
“Fuck, what other angel do we know who Sam would hook up with? I mean, we’re not on good terms with any of them, and the ones we did get along with are dead.” Dean took a few deep breaths and stood up.
Gabriel and Sam silently watched as Dean tripped over his words and tried explaining to Castiel how much he meant to him. They squeezed each other’s hands as Dean told Castiel that he loved him. And Gabriel pulled Sam in for a hug, a single man tear in the corner of his eye, as Dean slipped the ring on Castiel’s finger.
“I don’t know what he promised you,” Sam said, giving Cas the stink eye, “but I hope it’s worth it.”
The lights flickered and Sam saw the shadows of three pairs of wings before he saw Gabriel himself. The trickster seemed stunned that he was summoned, and by whom.
“Hey Dean,” he asked, “why didn’t you get addicted to Cas’ grace, like I got addicted to Gabriel’s?”
on Monday when Dean strolled in with a wave and a friendly, “Hey, Cas!” Their day had proceeded almost normally, with the exception of less hostile tension between the two men. That in and of itself had made rehearsals much smoother, and even the conductor remarked on the improved cooperation between them.
Gabriel was standing outside her door, debating whether to check on her or not when Sam approached him, a piece of paper in his hand.
“I’ll hit up Josh when we’re done with the Men of Letters,” Gabriel told him with a curt nod, which Castiel returned.
When Dean and Castiel finally stumbled out of Cas' room, they found Sam sitting in Gabriel's lap as they worked with Sam's laptop and stacks of books covering the map table. The two seemed to be engrossed in whatever Gabriel was scratching out onto a legal pad and hadn't heard the other two enter the room.
sounded consensual," his retort falling flat. "At least I know I can satisfy Cas. Bet shortstack over there is barely getting his rocks off."
that she brought with her. “Got sick of the bunker, figured this was as good of a place as any to hide out. At least I’d get intelligent conversation.”
She shrugged. “You’re an angel, you should know all that crap about the greater good, right?” She took his hand and squeezed it once before letting it drop again. “If anything happens, I know you’ll find justice for me.” And with that, she walked towards the base.
MJ smiled, ripping the tape off one of the boxes. The boxes themselves wouldn’t fit through the bars, but she could hand all of the books, sketchbooks, journals, and writing and drawing implements through to him.
"Sounds like a plan," Dean told them, waving one hand at them as he left. Cas left in a rustle of wings almost immediately after.
“Sometimes my dad is so stubborn I just wanna strangle him,” she sniffed into Gabriel’s shoulder miserably. “What’s so wrong with being nice to someone, even if they’re not nice to others?”
Cas’ mouth released Dean with a wet pop. “Relax, Dean,” he said, before wrapping his lips and tongue back around his dick.
Dean arrived in Dallas and navigated Central Expressway to the Museum of Biblical Art. He parked at the shopping center across the street and waited for night to fall. Shortly after sunset, Cas returned and described his plan to Dean on how he would enter the museum and disable the cameras and the security system so that Dean could enter. They'd have about fifteen minutes to see if the text Cas had heard about would be of any use. Dean stared at Cas' hair and nodded.
As she came down from her high, she realized he was right. She didn't feel the empty numbness that she had the past few years. She might actually be able to smile without faking it now. "Ten points to Gryffindor," she said with a laugh, finally opening her eyes to look at Gabriel, a genuine smile on her face.
“Not really,” she admitted, looking at her nails. “Being different was kinda hard, but Bobby and I had each other.”
“We needed a plan in case the horsemen’s rings failed,” MJ stated. “We knew you guys wouldn’t agree with Bobby’s plan, but we had to get Lucifer back in the cage before we lost our chance. I’m sorry we didn’t fill you in sooner, but I’m not sorry we did it.”
“That I can help you with,” Gabriel said, slapping Sam on the back. He stood up, pacing and moving his hands as he spoke. “Let’s look at it in terms of yours and Dean’s relationship.”
Gingerly, Gabriel picked it up with two fingers to study it. He held it up in front of Sam, smiling. While it shone silver, Sam was sure it was made of something much stronger. Enochian was etched deep in black, but the words themselves sparkled like a sky full of stars. Taking Sam’s left hand in his, Gabriel slid the ring on Sam’s finger.
Castiel rolled his eyes at his cousin. Gabriel could be persistent, he would give him that. Rather than answer him, he went back to practicing the First Chair part for
"Dear old Dad decided to bring in a fresh face instead of promoting from within the ranks," he said, taking another sip of his sugar with a little coffee mixed in it. "Too much squabbling and in-fighting. Besides, from what I hear, he was one of Dad's favorite prophets, pretty damned smart too."
"You're an asshole," Dean muttered as he caught his breath, "but that was awesome." Before Gabriel knew what was happening, Dean pulled him down to the floor next to him and wrapped his body around the archangel's. He pushed and pulled and tugged and fluffed up Gabriel like a pillow until he was satisfied and comfortable.
"There's a patron saint for that?" Dean asked incredulously, which earned him yet another bitchface from his brother. He shrugged it off. "Dude, I just thought it looked cool. I didn't know we had the ingredients for a sex spell."
When Sam woke up, it was to Gabriel's lips wrapped around his cock. He let out a loud moan when Gabriel took him all the way to the back of his throat and swallowed. When he met Gabriel's eyes, his angel pulled off with an obscene pop and said, "happy birthday, gorgeous."
“Yeah, I do kiddo.” He hugged her again and kissed her on the top of her head. “Now go make nice with your daddy-o, because if he’s miserable, he’s going to make the rest of us miserable.”
Sam laughed and pulled Gabriel out of the room with him, saying “thanks guys” as he headed towards their room.
They found the giant stone fountain with the statue of the angel Cassiel that Dean looked up online. He thought it the most appropriate place to start their honeymoon. They sat on the edge of the fountain, set down their duffels, and unpacked their cellos. They attached the endpins to their instruments and tuned up before Cas took off the ridiculous fedora he purchased at the airport when they arrived and placed it on the ground in front of them. Then they played.
As he approached the bar and Mister Sex-Hair, he gave the man’s backside another once-over. Dean wondered if there would be ice-blue eyes under that dark hair then shook the thought off. Maybe a hook up with this guy would help him get over whatever funky thoughts had been going through his head lately. Leaning against the bar with his best game face on, he licked his lips and said, “hey handsome.”
Dean ground the heel of his palm into his cock through his pants, trying hard not to shoot off like a bottle rocket as he looked over all the marks he left on Cas’ thighs splattered with come. His eyes shot up to Cas’ face when he heard the man moan.
Cas looked at Dean and cocked his head to one side. “You may be onto something, Dean. What about combining both classical and modern? Most popular music is derived from the same melodies and rhythms as classical anyways, so why not show a smooth transition between the two?”
When the song ended, Dean was gasping for breath and heaving with exertion. He was gearing up for another go on the next song, but Sammy his the power button. Before Dean could start bitching, Sammy got a word in edgewise.
Her grin dropped. Deanna looked at her feet again and mumbled, "writing about it is safer than doing it."
With bad memories filling everyone's minds, they decided to call a break to the research for the day. Bobby suggested pizza and a movie. When they agreed on what to get (veggie lovers for Sam, meat lovers for Dean and Gabriel, and ham, mushrooms, and black olives for the kids, with an order of breadsticks and marinara for Cas, who still didn't eat food very often but felt he should try to eat something), Bobby and MJ headed out to find Mary; they would have her place the order and drive them into town to pick it up.
The woman turned on Sam and started in on him. "And leaving Gen at home with two rambunctious toddlers when she's six months pregnant? Not cool, dude." This time Sam started stammering, but couldn't get anything out. Dean smirked and said, "still with fake Ruby?" The woman laughed at that comment. "So we're going
Dean just chuckled at that. “Sure man, I always appreciate good pie,” he said with a wink. “I’m just gonna put this in the kitchen. Want me to take those, too?” he asked, gesturing to the bag of movie snacks.
Gabriel withdrew so much that, even though Sam knew he didn’t sleep, he wasn’t coming to their bed anymore to lay with Sam as he slept. They would talk during the day, but not like they used to. And their intimacy was almost nil, relegated to a few comforting hugs to assure Sam that Gabriel was okay. Sam missed the closeness he was developing with his angel and was unsure how to fix it, if it could be fixed.
At that, Lucifer let out a loud laugh. “Are you shitting me?” he said incredulously. “If there’s one thing the Winchesters excel at, it’s self-blame. It’s like they get a hard-on from it.”
how Gabriel feels, and that incites more feelings of pain and anger and loss, because he is my brother, and my grace weeps with his pain. So I apologize if I cannot cry like you do, or scream and rage against a Father who would allow this to happen like Sam does, or retreat into my own mind like Gabriel is doing, because if I do any of that I will not be able to help those I love through their own grief, and my family’s needs will always come before my own.”
If it were possible, Sam turned a deeper shade of red. "It seems a lot of the fans think I deserve my own angel, and have been pairing me with Gabriel."
Sam laughed at that. He settled his hands on Gabriel’s hips and gave him a quick peck on the mouth. “No.”
"I, uh, yeah, I kinda do," Sam admitted quietly. He tipped his head back and let Gabriel continue playing with his hair. The archangel kept running his fingers through his hair, intermittently pulling at it and scraping his short nails along his scalp. It was a sensuous feeling, one that Sam had always loved but hadn't had the opportunity to indulge in for years. One particularly vicious tug had him whining and his dick starting to harden again, despite his earlier activities. The best things about whatever this is were the short refraction period and the libido of a teenager, Sam thought.
"I did not know what I wanted," Cas replied, "so I did some research while I waited for you to arrive."
With a wicked grin, Castiel took one of Dean’s hands and tangled it in his hair. “Then you had better be quiet, and you had better be quick,” he said, pulling Dean’s half-hard cock from his jeans and taking it fully into his mouth. Dean bit his lip to stifle a groan, not really succeeding. In less than a minute, he was fully hard and thrusting into Castiel’s mouth slowly, trying not to choke the man.
Gabriel chuckled. “I know how to use an iPod, bro,” he said, not at all sarcastically. He was actually quite touched. Castiel was never the most emotional or demonstrative angel upstairs, and knew his emotional growth was due to the Winchesters. He was awfully proud of his angelic brother in that moment. He gave him a quick side-arm hug and said “thanks”.
MJ sighed at Lucifer’s attitude. “Yeah, I’m done. He’s not gonna listen, either.” She stood up and walked up to her cousin and hugged him.
“Well then,” Crowley said, clasping his hands together, “what do you say we let the kiddos spend a little more time with Uncle Lucifer while the grown-ups talk, hmm?”
“OK,” she told them, “Crowley said as of this morning Lucifer was riding around in a 1969 used car salesman out in Vail, Colorado. He’s been keeping to a pattern of changing vessels about once a week since he’s burning through them so fast, and he’s keeping it random. Once he hops again, he could go anywhere in the world.”
Castiel handed the bag over, explaining, “Gabriel has told me a lot about your brother, including his love of healthy food. Or as my cousin calls it, ‘boring food.’ I anticipated that Sam may not have the type of snacks that Gabriel would enjoy, so I took the liberty of bringing some.” With a small smirk, he added, “consider this my contribution to keeping things amical between your brother and my cousin.”
“Hey guys,” Sam said, coming in with his laptop open and Mary right behind him, “looks like some witches are stirring up some trouble in Salem for the solstice.” He stopped when he saw the blushes on Dean and Castiel’s faces, and Gabriel looking at him with a sheepish grin. “What’s going on?” Sam asked suspiciously.
“Oh my God, you guys!” Charlie exclaimed, rushing the two cellists and throwing an arm around each of their necks. “This is so amazing! I’m so happy for you! Now we have more to celebrate than just Sam getting better!”
“You ready to play?” he asked Cas with a grin, taking a seat with his electric cello. He sat there and waited, bow in the ready position, as Cas tried to orient himself. Dean smiled patiently and watched as Cas removed his trench coat and blazer, unpack his sheet music, unpack his cello, and settle in. When he looked at Dean, Dean just cocked an eyebrow at him in an ‘are you ready yet?’ manner.
"Cas?" Dean asked tentatively. "You okay buddy?" Sam slapped him in the shoulder, giving him a look that asked 'what the hell?' Dean shot him a look back that said 'what? I'm trying."
"Daaaaaad," the black-haired girl standing behind Dean said, rolling her eyes. She was holding the cutest little blonde-haired baby she had ever seen. But she called Dean dad.
"I think your research was thorough and your execution was amazing," he tried hard to say with a straight face. "I think we might need a few more days here though so you can show me what else your research turned up."
Dean laughed. “There’s the original trilogy, Episodes four, five, and six, then there’s the new trilogy, Episodes one through three, which aren’t nearly as good as the original trilogy. The new trilogy just started with Episode seven. It’s pretty decent so far.”
“So this is plan C?” Lucifer asked the kids. “We’re going to stand in the middle of a field?” He crossed his arms, looking bored. He sat on the ground in front of MJ, mimicking her posture. “You’re Dean and Castiel’s child, aren’t you?” he asked her.
Between the angels and the hunters, they had decided to go into Nineveh blind, not wanting to tip off Samyaza. Gabriel would go in first to fight Samyaza. If the other Grigori were there, Sam, Dean, Castiel, and Mary would be on standby waiting for Gabriel to call Cas over angel radio. MJ and Bobby would be in the heavily-warded dungeon with baby Sammy, not wanting to leave them vulnerable in case this was a trap to draw the adults away in order to get to the children. Sam had tried to argue with Gabriel that he didn’t have to take on Samyaza alone, but Gabriel brooked no argument. He had a need to stand against Samyaza alone to find justice for those the Grigori had killed, so Sam relented.
Gabriel shook his head. “It’d hit him like it did last time. We both know he’d do it in a heartbeat, but I don’t wanna put that on him.”
All at once a flood of emotion rushed through Dean’s soul, so much that he gasped for breath from the magnitude of it all. It was like everything Cas said times infinity, all the emotion he felt both as an angel as well as those from his human body. He could feel the threads of anger and guilt and loss and an overwhelming blanket of pain surrounding it all. He felt flashes of heat and freezing cold, feeling colors of angry red slashed with deathly black. Every sense was taken over by what Cas was letting him feel and Dean sobbed.
“You feathered bastard!” he yelled at Cas. “Did you corrupt our child into thinking this is music?!?”
Castiel and Gabriel flew the Winchesters out to London for Lady Anotnia Bevell’s funeral service. They all stood in the back in black suits, Mary and MJ wearing black dresses, Castiel holding a sleepy Sammy. The head of the British Men of Letters approached
When MJ explained to everyone what happened, Sam and Bobby laughed, but when Gabriel smelled the empty jar and held it out for Castiel to do the same, they both frowned.
“Cas!” he heard a voice across the rehearsal hall call out his name. He turned in his seat to see Charlie bounding towards him. “Hey!” she said breathlessly, ever-present smile on her face. “We’re planning another movie night this Friday before Dean & I head to Moondor. We’re meeting at my place this time. You in?”
, the blade flew from Sam’s hand. Bobby retrieved it and handed it to MJ, repeating the spell. Nothing happened.
Cas holding little MJ, Gabriel standing in front of Sam, Sam's arms wrapped around his angel with his hands resting on his belly. Gabriel might have been pregnant but not showing yet, Dean thought.
As Sam, Gabriel, and Cas stumbled back to catch their breath, Dean sat on his haunches jacking his cock as fast as he could, but there was no relief in sight. Castiel dragged Dean to his feet and dropped to his own knees, taking Dean's angry red erection into his mouth. Dean vibrated with pleasure as he threaded his fingers into Cas' hair and fucked his face until he too was screaming his release.
, that argument seemed a lot less stupid to Dean. He could play that part practically in his sleep, and Cas just kept tangling his fingers over the high A and D strings. Dean was starting to get a migraine listening to Cas play that one phrase over and over and
“Uh huh,” Sam said, pulling his shirts over his head, exposing his torso. “Down to boxers, or everything?” Last thing Sam wanted was rope burn in unfortunate places.
Cas actually fidgeted a moment before handing the white bag to Gabriel. “It’s custom to give gifts to someone you care about,” he started slowly. “I wanted to show you that I care about you and that I am glad you’re here with us.”
He tells Cas, “I’m not even sure why Sam wanted the tree. He used to hate this bullshit. It’s not like we grew up having one.”
When Cas doesn’t continue the thought, he mutters, “Man, you are wasted huh. Let’s get you to bed, yeah?” He puts his hand on Cas’s shoulder to guide him away from the pile of bottles and books.
“Ugh,” Dean groans. “I don’t want to know.” He’s not quite ready to leave the bubble of this encounter, to address reality. But he twists his neck anyway to see the clock blinking 8:15 AM.
Then, after slicing his hand and crushing the ingredients, Dean holds the talisman over the map table. He chants a phrase in Latin and the amulet magnetizes to a spot in the middle of the United States. Kansas, in fact. “Alright, so the angel’s in the in-field.”
, Cas,” Dean breathes, once he can. He lay still with his eyes closed for a second, his hands falling from Cas’s head when he releases his dick and leans back on his knees.
, so he nods with a sigh and rolls out of bed. He starts rooting through the discarded clothes, finding his crusted boxers and holding them up.
Dean and Cas follow them from a distance out of the club, to a house nearby. Sam meets them there and they scope out the place.
He shakes his head, knowing that’s not right. Whatever all this bullshit is, he still likes women. Well, he likes women’s bodies, that’s for sure. But he hasn’t had a real connection with a woman since Lisa, and frankly, that was nothing compared to the feelings he has about this. About Cas.
He hands the phone back to Eileen and paces, wondering if this is related to their current dilemma or just random supernatural bullshit. “I’ll need to see it in person to—”
He shakes his head when he steps in the bathroom, peels his shirt off, and looks at a few spots on his torso where he can feel bruises forming. He gingerly presses the spot on his sternum where Cas shoved him and hisses.
Dean has the sudden, unmistakable appearance of a man, blackout drunk, with an idea. He holds up a finger and runs to a storage room, comes back with a handful of crafting supplies. Dean starts wrapping pipe cleaners around in loops. Cas looks on, amused and curious. He’s had a few glasses of whiskey, which has just warmed his cheeks, but Dean’s been drinking since the afternoon, and he only has the tolerance of a human. A functioning alcoholic human, sure, but even so.
“Shouldn’t we—maybe we—” Cas stutters. His breath is shallow and fast, sweat tingling as it forms around his hairline, down his chest.
Cas stalks off and Dean follows him to a storage room where he starts shuffling through bottles. “What are you doing, man?”
“So, we thought it was a shifter because of the doppelgangers,” Sam explains over the phone as Dean shifts lanes to pick up some speed, “but Eileen talked to a witness that said, get this, her dad had to
Dean hasn’t registered that he’s been gravitating into Cas’s space, slapping a hand on his shoulder or play punching his arms—way more than he does with Sam or ever did before. He safely buries that all under the blanket justification that he’s just a little under socialized. But the hand holding thing was...
born with them.” Cas rolls his eyes. “Second,” Dean takes a step forward, raises his hand to tug on the end of Cas’s tie, “I cannot
His eyes are swimming. It’s very late. The box in the back of his mind is vibrating, threatening. Cas opens his mouth but says nothing, then bites his bottom lip. Dean breathes, searching Cas’s eyes, smiling but unsure.
“Perhaps that’s exactly why he would want it,” Cas opines. “Tradition isn’t just about what you did. It’s what
And Dean can clam up all he wants, but that doesn’t stop the monsters from biting, so eventually they must hunt anyway, awkwardness hanging around him like a stink cloud.
Dean doesn’t understand. Cas isn’t sure he wants him to. He looks back at the book in his lap, fiddles with the brittle page. They are silent for a minute.
“I just…” Dean starts. He looks around the room for a minute, mouthing words that don’t come. He’s never been good with words. Or feelings. Or tact. He’s more of a do-er than a say-er.
“We’ll take care of that. You stay here,” Dean props himself on his elbow. “I don’t want you going Super Saiyan on us again. I can’t keep carrying you around, Cas, my back ain’t what it used to be.”
He shakes his head and turns to leave, but Cas’s hand slaps around the air until he reaches Dean’s wrist. He tugs, and Dean turns back, as Cas motions him to come close. He does. Cas licks his lips and stutters, “Thank…Thank you. For…” He waves his hand around the room. Dean waits.
Maybe it’s because of the daybreak bubble, or the uncertainty of whether or not Cas is even okay yet, that Dean allows it.
“I’m sorry,” he says when he pulls back, looking deep into his blue eyes, “I’m sorry it took me so long to get here. But I’m…I’m here now. If you’re here, with me.”
Cas appears suddenly in the booth, his thigh pressing against Dean’s. Dean surveys the diner with owl eyes, “Man, you gotta stop doing that. What if someone sees you?” Cas gives him an exasperated look and Sam shrugs. They exchange important information about the case that Dean doesn’t hear, as he focuses instead on the heat of his coffee mug and not the warmth and pressure of Cas’s body pushing him into the wall of the too-small booth. He chugs his coffee without thinking, for something to do with his hands.
“Nothing, we were just talking. He was kind of shorting out a bit,” Dean looks a bit sheepish but Sam doesn’t know why, “he was like bouncing around, had these flames in his hands.”
Their supposed siren is walking with purpose towards the building’s door. She flips a lock of blonde hair over her shoulder, her hips swinging in a tight dress. Dean lets out a breath that’s almost a whistle.
Cas seems to understand exactly what just transpired. When Dean’s eyes stop oscillating as if in REM sleep, he looks back at Cas with…with…horror. Cas feels grace like vomit in the back of his mouth.
“Can I ask you something?” Dean’s voice is soft and candid enough to make Cas both curious and apprehensive.
He turns and starts walking, then sort of jogging down the hall, up the stairs, through the doors, up another set of stairs, and through the door. As soon as he pops out, a gust of wind pulls goose bumps out of his skin. He’s wearing a thin t-shirt and a flannel, and it’s not quite enough. It’s a chilly spring night, and the creaking metal of the hatch door cuts into the soft bed of cricket song. But Cas doesn’t turn around.
Dean shoots him an umm-our-fucking-friend-might-be-dying look, but Sam counters with a there’s-also-innocent-people-still-in-danger look.
The air in the room palpitates, edges blurred entirely, and the two of them fumble together, hearts racing, laughter wobbling into shocked gasps. When Dean finally pushes Cas’s underwear down and, almost so fast so as to not think about it anymore, reels back onto his knees to slip the warm head in his mouth, Cas grabs fistfuls of sheets in either hand and lets out a moan so low and unhinged that Dean feels his own cock twitch in his boxers.
“Cas!” He shouts hoarsely. It comes out angrier than he intends, because everything comes out angrier than he intends. That’s kind of his thing.
“Holy fucking shit,” Dean breathes, watching the ash float to the floor. He feels Cas relax against his arm and when he looks up, Cas has his palms out in front of him, blue light sparking in his hands. He looks up at Dean with palpable relief. They share thick smiles as Cas reaches up to Dean’s hand—still holding up the gun—and lets his grace curl out over the cuts from the glass, to heal him.
Cas takes the opportunity to land another blow to Dean’s ribs, which sends him stumbling for a moment before he growls lowly and charges back, stooping to get leverage. He leads with his shoulder into Cas’s chest, one hand grabbing his bicep, the other gripping into his ribcage. Cas staggers backwards frantically, Dean’s heavy weight forcing him back. He knocks into the TV stand, trying to strike Dean in the chaos, to free himself. The element of surprise has always been one of Dean’s favorite weapons.
Cas considers it a moment and stands up, agreeing apparently. He heads to the bathroom. Dean also stands, says, “I’m gonna whiz,” for some reason to Sam, who doesn’t care. As soon as the door closes behind both of them, Cas freezes for a second, realizing Dean has followed him. He cants his head, eyes narrowed with incomprehension.
“Those rakshasa you encountered,” Kali focuses the whole group again, “I need to know exactly where and when. I believe they’re part of a prophecy. One involving…a friend.” She keeps her face a stone wall. “She is…misguided. I’d like to reason with her, but I have to find her first.”
Cas gives him a weary look before turning back to the landscape ahead of them. “I just needed some time alone.”
“McAllister! Home Alone! Come on, Sammy,” he mutters, exasperated. Sam doesn’t make the connection because why would he, that movie is about a child.
The man’s face twists into a repulsive grin as he shimmers invisible and they lose him. Cas is still standing with his hand raised to the empty air, staring at it. Dean charges a few steps before accepting the futility. He drops his hands to his knees to wheeze for a second.
” Then he mercifully fucks off before Dean can get the knife from his waistband out and throw it directly into his goddamn skull.
Dean hears the click of the light switch before he registers that the lights have turned on. He instantly scrambles away from Cas, who is, frankly, a scene to behold. He’s got his coat and shirt crowded around his elbows while he sits on the table with his legs spread open. His hair is shooting out and his lips are shining with spit. Dean’s not much better, stumbling over his own belt as he tries to put space between him and the table where his crumpled flannel still lies.
Dean thinks, absurdly, having already decided he’s not gay. Not…fully gay. Something else maybe. Straight, except for…
“We have to get him back to the bunker,” Dean says, pacing around the motel room and twisting his neck trying to pop something. Cas is just laying on the bed, breathing evenly, but otherwise closed for business. No response. Just flopped onto the bed where Dean lowered him. “We have to make a spell or something, or find out what can mess with mojo like this.”
Cas vows halfheartedly to never drink that much again. He lost count after 5 bottles of whatever liquor he could find, but he assumes he will have more feelings to bury in the future as he continues his life with the Winchesters.
But Gabriel relents. He just says, “Fine,” keeping his face as blank as possible. Still a glint in his eye and a slight tug at the corner of his mouth makes Dean nervous. He knows this is too easy. But there are innocent people, a whole town of them, waiting to be eaten as they speak. So he does what he does best: he overcompensates. He gives Gabriel his biggest shit-eating grin to date.
Dean doesn’t even realize Sam left and came back until he tosses him a keycard. “They only have singles left, so we’ll take the bed,” he shares a small smile with Eileen, “and looks like you’re on a pullout,” he nods at Dean.
Sam thrusts himself through the window, avoiding the broken glass as much as he can, his gun raised as well. The woman stands alert and looks between the two of them and the window where Eileen and Cas are now visible.
he amends, nodding. “Yeah, it’s not ideal.” He doesn’t want to offer him bland platitudes—Cas holed himself up in here just to keep Dean safe—but somehow
Cas nods, pauses. Then he starts, “One year, there was a family stranded in the Blue Ridge Mountains in Virginia. They had a cabin, and enough beans and bread to last them a few days, but nothing else. The snow was three feet high. And I watched the father trudge through it to cut down a tree with only a hunting knife. Because it was Christmas.” Cas sips his drink. “It took him an hour.”
He dreams again about a fight with Cas transforming into…something else. In the morning he blames it again on needing to get laid, by a woman obviously. He commits to flirting hard with every woman he comes across, including Joan, the waitress in her 50s that has no idea how desperate Dean is, that she would actually have a chance if she wanted.
, too. Like a lot. He’s not by any means an amateur. He thumbs around the hem of Cas’s pants while opening his mouth with a kiss, pushing his tongue in. His fingers fumble with the button. This should all be familiar—he’s done this hundreds of times. With women.
“So,” Dean lets out a breath, checks his watch without actually registering the time. “Okay. Great. It’s over.”
“I won’t lie and say I know what I want, like, in general,” Dean says as he rubs his hand over the back of Cas’s neck. His voice drops an octave, “But I know what I want right now, and I thought we could, you know…make the rest up as we go.”
“We know she’s working with someone. There’s no way she could’ve been in Omaha and Memphis at the same time. Unless that’s a thing she can do?” He posits, but Kali shakes her head.
try to meet them there,” Eileen points a finger to the spot that Kali did. “If they’re saying there’s more to kill…”
Cas feels the pressure in the room loosen and is ready to lay there all night pretending he’s still an angel of the lord that has no emotions and no need for rest, but Dean comes back with two bottles of water. He places one on the night stand, says, “This is for the morning,” and twists the cap off the other, “and this is for right now.” He holds it out to Cas, who watches him without moving a muscle.
He turns his gaze back to the road, feeling heat creep up his neck and across his cheeks, as his fingers slide across the leather seat to bump into Cas’s, just barely.
Cas takes big ugly gulps from the mason jar, dribbling green sludge down his chin and onto his coat. It’s like 3 AM and Dean is somewhere between collapsing and running laps. He scrubs his hand over his face, sits on the edge of the table, waits.
“I’m not drunk,” he slurs, steadying himself by holding onto Cas’s lapels. Cas tilts his head and searches over Deans face, desperate to understand why he keeps getting so close. Dean has assured him multiple times he doesn’t “swing that way” so it can’t be…That. And yet, here he is (again), drunk fists in Cas’s coat, face flush and full of intensity, just...right there. Like he’s waiting. For…something.
“So, yeah, once Sam and Eileen get the nun bones or whatever, we’ll get you back in working order and you can stop hiding. I’m not liking this whole Unabomber look on you, Cas,” Dean sips from his glass. The room is lit only by the hall, as all the bulbs in the room are missing, which is enough to see clothes and books and paper scattered around the floor. It’s disconcerting—Cas’s room usually looks so bare you’d mistake it for any of the other untouched ones down the hall.
“Actually, yeah,” Dean says. “See we been doing this a long time. We got silver bullets, demon-killing bullets, witch-killing bullets,” he notices her tic just slightly at that, “devil’s trap bullets, brass bullets, salt bullets—”
“Have you ever…” Cas chokes the sentence off and looks down again. There’s a long pause before he shakes his head, and, as if starting an entirely different question, asks, “Have you ever listened to…Solange?”
“Right,” Dean chews his bottom lip. He pushes off the railing and spins on his heel to lean his elbows back as he faces the other direction. “So I guess next time you show me a memory about a kiss I blacked out, and then fuck off without a single word, I’ll just twiddle my thumbs ‘til you come back.”
Dean shakes his head, “No, no, wait. You go shower and eat, you guys just dug up a grave. I’ll take care of it. I shoulda been on it already.”
Gabriel is glowering from inside the ring of holy fire. He would look more intimidating without the confetti scattered over his shoulders and in his hair, but nonetheless Dean thinks he maybe shouldn’t have pulled this stunt alone. But Sam and Cas got stuck in a church with about sixty innocent people, surrounded by like thirty rabid flesh-eating creeps, so it’s up to him now.
He tries not to smirk. Cas gives him a pointed glare before looking away again. He’s not so good with the eye contact without his mojo either, it seems. Dean starts again.
“I don’t need your help!” Cas shouts, a small blue flame sparking from his hands that he quickly shakes away again.
Dean rolls his eyes dramatically and snaps, “Jeez, no man, I can take a few cuts, I’m not a little girl.” He regrets it immediately.
He’s up on the hillside, leaning his elbows against a rusted and forgotten handrail, shoulders hunched, looking over the field off to the side of the building. From across the way, Dean can see his puffs of breath.
Cas rolls his eyes and huffs. He offers his hand, assuming the embarrassment of falling drunk would take the fight out of him. But he slaps Cas away, sitting up and rubbing his jaw. A bead of blood blooms and trickles down from the center of his bottom lip.
Cas clicks his tongue. “You’re exhibiting the behavior of an adolescent human in the early stages of socialization.”
“What happened to you?” Kali’s voice softens just a little. Durga looks away, around the damp, dingy room. “Who did this to you?”
He remembers the sparring match, Cas a heavy weight on his ass, pushing him into the floor, holding his arms down. He convinced himself it was leftover Gabriel spell. Except that was months ago, and he’s laying here in bed now, touching the spot on his sternum that Cas shoved. Picturing Cas towering over him with determination and intensity. It stirs something. Specifically something in his jeans.
Dean slams on the brakes in the middle of the street. The brightness surges through the car, a radiating beam of energy that, had they not been on a back road in the middle of the night, would’ve caught someone’s attention. That’s the one piece of luck they can hold on to. Because when the light disintegrates, Cas is left slumped in the backseat, completely knocked out, his mouth open still from a scream.
Cas stares at the glass for a long moment before grabbing it and chugging it so fast that it spills over his chin and down his collar. Dean observes the water trail down his neck to bloom dark on his crumpled collar.
Cas grabs Dean securely by the hips, pressing his thumbs in. He leans with such force that Dean takes two steps back and knocks into the other end of the doorframe. And Dean wants to laugh at that, the little bounce of him off the wall, but Cas shifts his leg and presses into him and instead a small moan escapes the back of his throat and vibrates into Cas’s mouth. Dean brings his hand up to the back of Cas’s head to shuffle through his hair, and now Dean can feel Cas hardening against his leg, just like that. The realization sends a rush of his own blood, to match.
Cas struggles rabidly against Dean’s hand, which is now clutching him by the shoulder. But then there’s a thunderous crack and Dean’s thrown in the air, crashing into a bookcase. Something pops in his shoulder at the same moment a thick book drops onto his skull and he loses track of his hands.
Cas hums affirmatively, starts to kiss with intention the skin his mouth is already pressed against. Dean keeps petting through Cas’s soft hair, ignoring the way Cas’s hand is starting to rove back to grab at his ass. Ok, not ignoring. In fact, paying very close attention to. In fact, he’s getting hard against Cas’s hip while Cas massages into his muscles.
Sam took a step back, taking Gabriel’s face in his hands for one more kiss. He reverently removed Gabriel’s boxers and laid him onto their bed before removing his own clothes and joining him. He pulled the covers up over them and wrapped his arms around his angel. Sam twined his legs with Gabriel’s. One hand on his hip, Sam pulled him closer. Gabriel sighed into the contact, missing this closeness with his hunter.
Castiel shrugged one shoulder as he scooped a bite onto his fork. “I enjoy both the flavor and the texture. Here,” Cas put another bite onto his fork and held it out for Dean to try. Dean gave it a skeptical look before accepting it, then gave Cas an approving nod.
ass?" Gabriel raised his hand again, pausing long enough for Dean to see what he was about to do, then snapped his fingers. Dean howled as his prostate was assaulted by Gabriel's grace, his entire body shaking despite Gabriel's control over it. With another snap, it ended almost as quickly as it started.
"Dean, I know how to take care of a baby," Mary admonished him, and he blushed slightly from embarrassment. "Go out to lunch with Sam and relax for a little while, we'll be fine."
Cas pushed baby Sammy into past Dean's arms. "Take him with you, keep him safe. Please." Past Dean nodded and held the baby close to him, then pressed a kiss to Cas' lips. As he stood, he saw present Dean looking at him. He nodded and said, "first rule."
“Well,” Gabriel said with a shrug, “that or something similar. Shibari isn’t for everybody. Just trying to point out to Cassie that it’s perfectly okay to explore his kinks.”
Dean took another fortifying breath, then took Cas’ hands in his. Castiel looked down at their hands before giving Dean his full attention again.
“It’s ok, Cas,” Sam smiled. “You just take care of yourself and we’ll see you later.” Castiel walked behind them to the door, seeing them out. Alone again, he wondered in Dean was still angry and how he was handling their fall-out. Hopefully better than he was.
Sam groaned and tugged at Gabriel. "Get up here you evil bastard," he said with a grin. Gabriel crawled up his body, sucking and biting marks up his stomach and chest before giving Sam a sloppy kiss. Sam tangled his fingers in Gabriel's hair, but the angel pulled his hands down and pinned them to the bed.
"Dean," Cas said, kissing his hunter sweetly, "the size of the mark does not indicate how much of your soul you shared. You have given me so much of yourself that I do not know how I ever felt complete before."
"What the HELL were you thinking?!?" he yelled. "You damned near killed Cas! When you disappeared from this time, you almost severed the bond between you two! If you EVER do something like that again, I will rip your soul from your body with my own hands and-"
"Not gonna happen, Dad," he said, eyes still on the door. "This is my family and I'm tired of running."
“It’s a song written about us by a fan of Chuck’s Supernatural books. I had come across it a couple years ago, after Sam had told me about the case you two worked at the school where the students had put on the show they wrote about you two.” Cas shrugged, a very human gesture that caught Dean somewhat off guard. “There is a saying, that God gave humans music so that they may pray without words. My perception is that humans created music so that the angels may learn how to feel as they do. This song in particular has incited feelings I have no words for.”
Castiel grabbed Dean by the shoulders now, forcing himself not to use all of his God-given power. “Yes Dean, I feel sorrow. It is the only human word I know to describe even a fraction of what I am feeling.” Cas’ eyes took on a blue glow as the force of his angelic voice leaked through his words. “I feel the entire Host of Heaven crying for Gabriel right now. I feel my own inadequacies in watching over them and keeping them safe. I feel the loss of a life robbed of the chance to truly live, and it was not even my child that was lost. I cannot even begin to
He threw his pillow across the room, picked up his cell phone to call his cousin to see if he was playing that evening. Gabriel played trumpet for a jazz band at a local prohibition-era-themed club, The Speakeasy. Even if he wasn’t, Gabriel was one of those individuals who was always happy, smiling at everyone and enjoying life. His moods were always infectious and Castiel needed a little of that tonight. It would help him keep his mind off a certain cellist who drove him insane.
Still laughing, Gabriel pulled him close and wrapped one arm around him. “Not a chance, gorgeous.” He held is left hand up for Sam and said playfully, “lay it on me!”
Cas tilted his head to one side (Dean realized this was Cas’ way of expressing confusion) and his eyebrows scrunched together. “I do not understand that reference.”
Dean wrapped his arms around Castiel’s waist, pulling him close and kissing him soundly on the lips. “You wanna go to bed angel?” he asked.
Dean headed back to his room, dropped his bag, and grabbed a towel and a pair of boxers. On his way to the shower, he ducked his head into Cas' room. On hearing the door open, Castiel looked up and smiled at his hunter.
“Congrats guys!” he told them. He’d been there for a lot of crap the Winchesters had been through, and was genuinely happy for all of them.
Castiel cocked his head to one side, looking at the teens. “You are Nephilim,” he simply stated. At that, everyone looked at them, and the kids started fidgeting. They stared at each other, having a conversation with their eyes and body language. Finally, the girl huffed in resignation.
“Yeah, I know. Have you made any more progress on how we’re gonna handle things in our own time?” She put the picture back in her pocket as Bobby sat down next to her with his trusty tablet.
They stood there for what felt like forever just looking at each other, when a group of giggling girls stumbled by them and one yelled at them over her shoulder "kiss him!" before laughing like a maniac and jogging to catch up with her friends. Dean looked over at her, then back at Cas. He grinned that slow, seductive grin he used to use at the bars and said, "I think I will."
Bobby was speechless. This guy was a better musician than his Pops, and his Pops was the best he’d ever heard. The guy just smiled sadly. “I played that for one of my kids once. I said some pretty nasty things to him the last time I saw him. I hope he knew how much I really cared about him.”
"So help me, you breathe a word of this to anyone and I'll get out the holy oil and barbecue your ass," Dean mumbled as he snuggled deeper into Gabriel and fell asleep.
"Well, look who decided to join the land of the living," Gabriel snarked back, although it didn't have the same effect on Dean or Castiel as Dean's jibe at Sam had had.
. As much as he worried about bringing his daughter on a hunt with him, he felt like he was going to be the kind of dad to always give in to his little girl. “Fine, but you listen to me and Cas,
They fought like this for an hour, their bodies a patchwork of pierced metal and slashed fabric, flashes of blueish-white and dripping black barely seen in the fading light. Both knew that they couldn’t continue like this, that one must fall to the other. Desperate, Samyaza charged Gabriel, scimitar directly in front of him, as though he planned to use the curved blade to impale the other angel. Gabriel merely stood there, waiting. A hair’s breadth from Samyaza’s blade and Gabriel turned to one side. As the angry angel’s momentum carried him past, Gabriel’s own speed and trajectory kept him moving in a circle, his blade striking directly through Samyaza’s chest.
"Yeah, I can do that," he grinned. "One of the perks of the job is being able to get through more data faster and without the need to sleep."
They all stood up, Mary and Dean each taking one of Castiel’s hands. Gabriel snapped his fingers, and they were no longer in the bunker’s kitchen. They were also no longer in their jeans and tees, but they all wore designer suits. Mary was wearing a floor-length emerald green dress that made her look like a model.
“I don’t think I would be averse to being tied up like that,” Castiel said, startling Dean. “The rope work is beautiful, and being restrained as such would allow you to be in complete control over my body.”
“Excuse me, ’mutual assistance’,” Crowley said coyly. Dean could practically hear the air quotes, and sighed in relief.
Dean sat the spatula down on the counter and backed away from the stove with his hands up in surrender, making Cas laugh. He picked up Cas’ Tupperware container of beige stuff and asked, “what’s this stuff?” as he opened it and took a whiff. Whatever it was smelled pretty tasty.
"Cas, I'm not into dudes, but you're my best friend and I love you. Can't promise to make you scream like those idiots, but I'll do what I can. Deal?"
“No,” Dean said defensively. “I actually liked hanging out with him tonight.” Dean smiled. “I liked performing with him, we make a good team.” Sam gave him a look, then looked at Gabriel, who waggled his eyebrows at the taller man.
When Dean didn’t stop scratching half an hour later, his scalp raw and burning, MJ felt really, really bad about doing that to her dad. She insisted they stop and see if anyone could help them find a counter-curse to get the itch to stop. She grabbed the jar and her dad’s hand and drug him to the library.
After a few more minutes of catching their breath, Dean finally rolled off Cas, who touched two fingers to his forehead and cleaned them up.
With another quick peck to the lips, Gabriel said, “just make one,” like it was the simplest solution. “Close your eyes, pull on my grace, and manifest one. One of the perks of the bond,” he added with an eye waggle. “I know you got it in you, Samshine.”
“You’re gonna have to work with me here, Cas, I don’t know any of this shit, and I’m trying really hard not to freak out right now.” He sighed and ran his hands over his face and through his hair. “We have a little girl out there who needs us; I can’t be losing my shit here. I need to understand all this.”
“I apologize, Dean,” Cas said hoarsely, Dean loving the sound of his fucked-out voice. “It’s been a while for me, and I didn’t anticipate the effect of the past few hours.”
A man came into the room from a side entrance. He stood just outside the ring of holy fire, an easy smile on his face. “Hello, angel,” he said, German accent slight but evident. “I am Herr Karl Harrer and I will be your surgeon today. On behalf of Herr Feder, I would like to thank you for your contribution to our cause. Now, if you are comfortable, we need to remove that spark you are carrying.”
“Drama much?” Crowley asked, rolling his eyes. “What’s the girl to you anyways, hmm? Is she one of your little tarts? A little piece to tide you over until you come out of the closet? She’s much too young for you, Dean, I thought you were better than that.”
“We will do everything in our power to assist you,” Cas whispered into her hair. “And even some things beyond our power. We will not allow you to suffer this injustice any longer.”
"And there's the rub," Crowley said smugly. "Those do-gooders will eventually come after me and mine again, retaliation is inevitable."
Finally, he was all the way in. He checked in with Cas one more time, and when he answered with a "yes, please", Dean slowly pulled out, Cas keening the entire time. He thrust a few more times slowly before Cas begged him, "more, please Dean, faster."
Sam, Gabriel, Bobby, and Mary were all surprised to see them appear in the war room in the bunker, but automatically knew something was wrong when they saw Cas stand with Dean in his arms. Cas left MJ to explain what had happened as he took Dean back to his room.
Dean grudgingly obeyed his mom, and he and Sam headed into town. Sam knew his mind was still on the baby though, because even after being at the bunker for the past two weeks he still let Sam drive. Dean spent pretty much the entire drive texting his mom things he thought he forgot to tell her about Sammy.
Gabriel laughed. “This isn’t Dungeons & Dragons, but even if it were he’d need to be proficient in melee combat and defense as well.”
They sat there a little longer catching Kevin up on everything that had happened recently. When Sam told Kevin about Dean and Cas, he just laughed and said it didn't surprise him.
“Well, you two,” the conductor said, getting their attention, “I can’t say I’ll miss your chair challenges. Maybe now we can actually get through a season without the constant posturing. I’ll see all of you tomorrow,” he told the rest of the orchestra, and left as well.
With the first bite of the French apple pie, Dean’s eyes rolled back into his head and he moaned. He rolled the bite around his mouth a couple of times to savor the flavor of it before swallowing it. “Dammit Cas,” he said seriously, “you keep finding me pie like this I’m gonna have to marry your feathered ass.”
At that moment, they heard the door to the bunker open. Not burst open like an explosion, not whoosh in as if opened by a spell, but opened normally, as if a key was used. They all turned in curiosity and apprehension as a blonde woman wearing a sharp three-piece pencil skirt suit stepped in.
Dean held steady, letting them both adjust. Damn, Cas was tight! When he had a handle on things he asked Cas "good?" Cas just nodded, still panting but looking okay. Dean rocked his hips slowly, pushing in a little more on each thrust. The friction on his dick felt amazing, and he really hoped it felt good for Cas, too.
Sam grinned. “While you go do that, I’m going to make a quick run to the store. I think we should celebrate tonight.”
In which Dean notices Castiel's sex hair and wonders what it would be like to be the person who makes it look that way.
, not even paying attention to the conductor. They played through the opening measures of Beethoven’s 5th before turning back to the sheets in front of them, transitioning into Led Zeppelin’s
Castiel responded by sitting on her other side and placing a hand on her shoulder. "Tell us what happened, Deanna," he said gently.
"Looking a little rough around the edges there, Cassie," Gabriel said sleepily, sitting up behind Dean. Castiel flushed, and with a mumbled, "excuse me," rushed from the room, Dean and Sam staring after him.
It was adorable how red Cas got when he was nervous. Dean wanted to just keep teasing him, but figured nothing would get done if he did. Cas cleared his throat before telling him, “I have an affection for burgers of all kinds. I was planning on making you one of my favorite recipes.”
“Dean,” came a voice from behind him. Dean and Castiel startled and jumped apart like teenagers caught making out. Mary stood there holding baby Sammy, MJ behind her trying not to laugh. “Let me get that bottle from Castiel, then we’ll get out of your hair,” she said with a wink. Dean blushed furiously at the thought of his mom basically shooing them off so they could fool around. Castiel, with a pink tinge to his own cheeks, grabbed the bottle he had prepared and handed it to Mary, uttering a brief “thank you” under his breath. She took it with a shit-eating grin not unlike her son’s and left the room, MJ still laughing behind her.
“The size does not matter,” Castiel replied sternly. He was perfectly happy with the mark that Dean unknowingly left on him. His hunter was not a man to share his emotions lightly, and the small size of the mark belied the significantly large part of his soul that his human shared with him.
Cas cocked his head to the side, scrutinizing Dean and his comment. “I was simply too busy to indulge myself. Besides,” Castiel stated, “my ‘people skills’ are ‘rusty’. I spend most of my time at home or work, and I had no desire to ‘hook up’. And I refused to try to find a partner over the internet,” he finished emphatically.
“Of course,” Cas said, chagrined that he did not think that Mary would need to console herself over Dean’s condition the same way Castiel needed to. He stood and held the chair out for Mary to sit next to her son. She smiled at him as she took Dean’s hand in hers. Sam walked to the other side of the bed and squeezed Dean’s other hand before walking over to Gabriel, who placed a hand on his shoulder before flying them out to retrieve the Impala.
It was barely sunset when Gabriel arrived in Iraq, where Nineveh had been. He stood at the edge of Kouyunjik, one of the mounds marking Nineveh’s location, looking down at the River Khosr and the remains of the city walls. It had been decades since archaeologists had been there but their presence was still there in the debris left behind. His eyes swept the ruins of the once-flourishing capital of the Assyrian Empire, remembering his last visit here. The day he delivered his Father’s order that the Nephilim must die.
"Oh yeah? What reason would that be?" Sam asked. Gabriel just waggled his eyebrows and dropped to his knees, fingers making quick work of Sam's jeans.
"That's true as well, but if an angel in a human vessel has sex with a human woman, the woman can also be impregnated. They wouldn't be as powerful as a Nephilim created with straight soul and grace," Gabriel explained.
Sam swallowed down the last of his beer, then stretched. “Sounds like we have a lot of work ahead of us. How about we pick this back up tomorrow? It’s late and Dean and I have been on the road most of the day, and I don’t know about him but I’m exhausted.”
“Yeah, I got that in spades,” she laughed. “Neither of us have wings like an angel, although Uncle Gabriel told me not to rule out ever having them. He said things happen sometimes, whatever that means. We also can’t read minds like angels can, although thanks to our hunter training we’re both pretty intuitive.”
, where you’re given a last shot at redemption and your vessel is a suicidal writer. You take the opportunity to set the biblical record straight and write your biography, but in the process you learn what it’s truly like to be human.”
want to know what you two are talking about,” Sam says as he walked into the kitchen, making a beeline for the coffee machine.
Castiel sat at his computer, unsure of where to start. He had woken up at his usual six in the morning to run, shower, and eat. On the weekends he would spend the mornings practicing, but after his date with Dean the previous night he didn’t feel the urge to pull out the classical pieces. Instead, he was determined to find some modern music that appealed to him.
. Her long brown hair was pulled up in a high ponytail and there were purple-framed glasses perched on her nose, partially obscuring a smattering of freckles across her cheeks. There were words tattooed around her left wrist, but they couldn't read it from where they were standing. She stopped dead in her tracks when she saw the four of them standing in the entryway.
"When you guys are ready, come on out," he said. He looked at Dean, "we need to know what you found out on your little trip." He snapped again and disappeared.
few times on his constructs. However, sharing this with Sam was going to be an erotic adventure he couldn’t wait to share with his lover. With the bond, he’d be able to do all sorts of fun things because the small amount of grace that bound them together would heal any pain caused by the ropes, even if he had to tie them a little tighter than normal to support Sam’s large frame. He’d prepared for this by installing the pulley system over the bed (with Dean’s help), and finding the softest, sturdiest rope for the event. Now that Sam had consented, he was like… well, himself… in a candy store.
Startled, Gabriel dropped his angel blade to his hand and cautiously opened the door. He was pleasantly surprised to see one of the older angels, Joshua, standing there. He smiled, retracting his angel blade before pulling him in for a hug, startling the angel.
“Have you tried calling-” Bobby started, but MJ slapped a hand over his mouth, shaking her head. “Too soon,” she whispered.
“Which you are intelligent enough to do, if you took the time to work at it,” Castiel said, looking up at the young woman. “Just because we convinced our Father to allow you to remain with us doesn’t mean you should abuse your abilities.” Claire just gave him a cheeky grin.
“Uncle Cas!” Bobby called. When Castiel turned, Bobby tossed him his Nephilim blade. “I’ll get Sammy and MJ back to the bunker!” Castiel nodded, and Bobby, MJ, and Sammy were gone. Mary was the only one without a weapon, or so they thought. She lifted
"I don't think I got any in my mouth," Dean said, clicking his tongue against the roof of his mouth, "but I think I got some of the pollen in there. Does that count?"
Lucifer took his hand and laughed again. “Sir! He called me sir! Very well done with the manners, Gabriel!” He looked to Bobby again. “Robert what?”
Castiel rested his hands on Dean’s waist and pressed a kiss to one of his shoulders. “I find it amusing to occasionally catch you unaware.”
Sam searched the table and the floor underneath, but didn't find it. He looked at Gabriel, fear painting his face. "You don't think MJ-"
When Dean came back in the house, neither Sam nor Gabe were still in the room, but Dean could see the trail of clothes leading up the stairs. He hoped this time they remembered which room was Sam’s and which one was his.
Gabriel slapped Dean on the back. “Damned Winchesters keep breaking all the rules in the book.” he said with a smirk. Dean couldn’t move. Couldn’t speak. Hell, he could barely
“Where is he Mom? I need him. I need Gabriel, Mom, where is he?” Sam whined. He was starting to panic, his whole body feeling itchy and clammy. “What’s going on? I need Gabriel, Mom.”
Cas ran his palms up the firm planes of Dean's chest before settling his arms around his shoulders, smiling. "You are definitely no girl, Dean Winchester."
“Come on, angel,” Dean grinned, getting up slowly and pulling Cas with him. “We need to clean up and get dinner going. Burgers and fries sound good tonight?”
Tears filled MJ's eyes. "I can't, Papa. This is one thing Uncle Gabriel specifically told us not to talk about. I'm sorry."
Sam could see the changes in his angel, going from a carefree Trickster to solemn and serious. He hated feeling Gabriel’s guilt and self-blame through their bond, no matter how hard he tried to hide it. Gabriel would sit quietly and sift through his thoughts almost constantly, though what he was thinking Sam could only speculate. After all, he had gone through his share of bullshit, guilt, and self-blame, too.
Once in the kitchen, Castiel steadied himself against the counter. He took a few deep breaths before putting a bag of Pop Secret into the microwave. As he listened for the telltale lack of popping that indicated that the popcorn was ready, his mind flipped Dean’s statement over and over in his mind. Maybe it was because it had been a long time since he had been with someone intimately, being as picky as he was about his partners, but now he couldn’t get the idea of Dean pinning him to the mattress out of his head.
After about an hour, Sam and Gabriel were still fine. Sam hadn't found any other reports of magical sexual compulsion, so the fanfiction thing, or at least Winchester-centric theory, held a little more weight. Gabriel agreed, but was still stumped as to what would have the power to resurrect him. He went through book after book, having to snap down books from higher shelves. Sam laughed a little more each time the archangel couldn't reach a book that was in easy reach for his overgrown self.
Dean wrapped a hand around Gabriel's dick and swore. "Heads up pipsqueak," Dean said, biting Gabriel's neck, "if I can't fit that monster in my mouth, you're not sticking it in my ass." Gabriel laughed until Dean took one nipple into his mouth and bit down hard. One hand made its way into Dean's hair, pushing him to his knees. As Dean took the tip of Gabriel's cock into his mouth, Gabriel reached out and took Cas' hand. He tugged Cas close enough to give him a sloppy kiss, licking at the inside of his mouth. Both brothers groaned at the sight of the angels liplocked.
“CNN reports Sargent Rose Williams, stationed at Bagram Airfield in Afghanistan, was killed in a firefight just east of Sadda, Pakistan. Her platoon leader said they were ambushed and she was shot from the back of their truck. Since they were under heavy fire they couldn’t stop to get her, or he and the other thirteen members of the platoon would be at risk.” Sam shook his head. “She must have still been alive, and the insurgents did…
When Bobby finished he looked up at his dad. He’d never really played for anyone but Pops before; this was their thing. His and his dad’s thing was research and writing. He had hoped his dad would like it, but wasn’t prepared for the look of sheer awe on his face.
Then Cas’s eyes comically roll back into his head and the room is silent except for his steady breathing. Dean’s frozen, something between complete bewilderment and pride plastered on his face. He doesn’t know why his face is so hot, his adrenaline spiking like a ghost just tossed him across the room. He locks the comment away in the box and leaves Cas to finally sleep.
Cas doesn’t ask why Dean is waking up a foot away from him. He doesn’t want the details of whatever elaborate justification there is. A Gabriel spell or whatever. He just wants to lay for a moment and feel.
“Why don’t you just let me out of here and I’ll go get it for you.” Gabriel gives his best this-is-a-good-idea face. “Better yet, I’ll go kill the sons-of-bitches myself.”
, to look down and see a few dashes of blood on the floor, to follow the trail up to Cas’s knuckles.
Dean realizes when he goes to pour another that he’s drained the bottle. “Uh oh,” he says under his breath as he stands. He leaves and comes back with another, tearing the plastic wrapper off with his teeth. Cas watches the plastic flutter to the floor silently, his mouth suddenly dry, and he finishes his glass, waits for Dean to refill.
