I pursed my lips.  As far as I could tell, the poisonous berries had gone in with all the others.
“Redbeard,” Sherlock replied.  “Best dog that ever sailed the seven seas or the Thames, or the Serpentine, as the case might be.”
I passed him another pin, lifted the fabric again and considered the date.  “Only twenty-four,” I calculated aloud.  “Twenty-three.  He didn’t quite make it to his next birthday.”  I had closed the eyes of too many equally young soldiers.  “Three years ago…almost exactly.”
“Yes,” I answered and tried not to picture Sherlock because my appreciation would be bound to show on my face.
"London's risen," Sherlock murmured, more to himself than to us, it seemed.  "A basement level, most likely."  I could not catch what he said after that.  It blended into a pleasant hum as of a bee among flowers.
I lifted my head to catch his lips and kissed him until I had to stop for breath.
His scowl deepened.
The back of my neck prickled.
I don’t want any other time.
“The trauma panel had preceded the one on genetic testing,” he said.  “It was on your mind.”
Wiggins is always unsettling, one way or another.
I scowled.  “What could he do to
Sherlock’s head fell forward.
John pressed their cocks close, and closer still, skimming his thumb across the heads at the apex of each stroke, clenching his hand at the base on his descent.
It wasn’t there.
And, the moon rose higher.
“We have just been going over documents with the Crown Prince, pertaining to a title for you,” Oberon said, tapping the scroll on the table with a be-jewelled finger.
The man stood before the balcony doors.  The camera image blurred.
My rugby days are well in the past and a gymnast, I have never been.  Stop distracting me.
It was before I knew him.
John turned his head, keeping Sherlock in view as he moved.
“Yeah,” I muttered as I chewed.
I saw nothing familiar behind us or to our sides.  The water was rough and I did not care to risk losing my grip by twisting about to see where we were headed, but I suspected that we had reached the Thames.
The arch of my back eased.  I stretched and rolled onto my side and slept.
I opened an eye.  The sky above the courtyard roiled with clouds, branches of climbing rose waved in the rising wind.
“We should face this danger together and that whatever protection you had created for me – you need it, too.”
I glanced over my shoulder again.
“Oh, this is likely to be instructive,” he said, just as Lestrade came in the door.
She watched me expectantly as I complied.
John ran.
“Sherlock,” I said.  My lips moved, but no sound came out.
I glanced again at Holmes.  He was learning forward.  I closed my eyes.
"Hurry," she laughed, waving me away.  "That must be the tenth time he's called for you."
“We must talk about her sometime,” Sherlock said softly.  “Sometime when we are not being interrupted,” he continued, raising his voice slightly and looking away from me.
I peered at the darkness near the horizon and saw nothing but the undulating tree tops.  And then, a glimmer, a flicker in the dark.
A gout of something dark spurted above the waves.
The library was dim and warm and Sherlock was sat before the fire.  “Come sit,” he said and gave me an appraising look from head to foot.
At least the crushed grass beneath me formed a bit of a cushion.
The last of the burn died out.
"Sit still.  It'll pass," he said and scooted forward along the floor.  "Molly," he said, picking a speculum off the floor and handing it to her.  "Have you met Dr Watson yet?"
I halted then and listened to Mr Holmes improvise.
“You two stayed down in Woolwich to deal with a maritime issue,” Molly supplied.  “Fortunately, Greg was able to make it back in time.”  She smiled up at him.
"Permission to come aboard, sir," John said.
“Well, I don’t remember your asking, but if you had, my answer would have definitely been yes,” I said.
“An unusually contented group,” Sherlock remarked.
Draping the towel around my neck, I wrapped my dressing gown more tightly about me and opened the balcony doors.  The chill air raised goose flesh on my warm skin and would have driven me back inside, but for the rhythmic shimmer of light about the fountain.  I pulled the curtains closed behind me and moved to the railing, leaning over.
“I suppose it had to be one of you,” she said and lowered the pan.
Even raised in alarm, the voice resonated, deep and dark.  John clutched the bedpost and managed to sit.  The shadow billowed across the room, engulfing him.
“Oh.” I hadn’t thought about that.
The curtains fluttered to either side of him and a ball of newspaper fell to the floor.  A wave of mildew-scented air washed over me.
“Sorry, my beauty,” I whispered and clattered down the stairs.  What Mr Holmes held in his hands was like something from a story...or a song.
With every mile we travelled south from Paris, the sky grew bluer.  The passing villages and vineyards basked in the afternoon sun, even the stone taking on a golden hue.  Each station we approached looked like a charming place to disembark.
I looked lower.  I’d never heard him sing and yet the sound seemed to come from where he sat on Bert’s shoulders.
“There,” Sherlock said.  “We’re booked on a flight to Marseille tomorrow afternoon.  We should research the passenger lists of ships departing in the next few days.  I’m inclining towards the
“Few ever dared,” Mrs Hudson said, standing next to me with her hand up to shade her eyes.  “And those who did failed.”
This needs an epilogue.
“I ordered ahead,” I said, “I hope you don’t mind.”
“Lucky for the Manor, too, John.”
“Your senses are sharper.  You didn’t hear them last year.”  His hand was firm on my shoulder, drawing me back in.  “We don’t need this much time.  The bells are pealing for those who have farther to travel.”
“Woof.”
Titania shook her head, her golden hair glinting in the sun.  “No, thank you, dear heart. It looks well in your cap.”  She swirled about, her skirts billowing about her and drifted away.
She smiled at that.  “It was a lot for them to take in.”
“More,” Sherlock breathed.  “I would give you more.”
I patted his back and nodded.
"That's why it suits our journey tonight, rather than a taxi ride," he continued.
John faced the water.  The music came from the other side.
The faint sound of plucked strings vibrated through the subdued light.  John sank into the cushioned back of the bench, stretching his legs out under the table.  The other remaining patrons were seated well away from their alcove at the rear of the dining room.  Under cover of his serviette, he undid the button at his waist and sighed.  “That was the best Chinese food I’ve had in my life.”  He folded his hands over his belly and gazed across the dishes and bowls, emptied of their delicacies, at his new flatmate.
“I wrapped a towel around the barrel,” John said, pulling Sherlock’s hand down to his lips and pressing kisses to the ring of bruises around his wrist.
I huffed and leaned against the nearest tree to wait, ears pricked and gaze wandering over the gathering.
I slipped out the knife tucked between my wrist and my right cuff, slid it into my belt on the side opposite to where my silver dagger was sheathed.
“They are pretty, aren’t they?  But they also let light down into the hammam.  Anytime you want a proper steaming and scrubbing, just say, and we’ll get the boilers going and tell Billy.  Sherlock says he gives an excellent massage…”
For an instant, the moon cast the other animal in silhouette before it streaked across the ground after Baskerville.
“That is what you’ve been thinking about since breakfast, isn’t it, John?”
I was not sure his pronouncement was a compliment, but my capillaries seemed to think it was.  “The clarinet at school,” I answered, “and a bit of noodling on my own on a tin whistle someone gave me.”
I nodded.
I took another steadying breath as I watched Holmes clip an article from
I sat down at the desk.  “Which one of us is seeing things?  Was that mould a hallucinogen?” I murmured as I lined the cards back up and turned them over one by one.  The picture cards were different than when I’d first looked at them, and I felt my cheeks heating further, but each one was of Sherlock.
He nodded.  “Not what I need first,” he said.  “I need a transfusion.”
Is it?
“’Course, sure,” John replied, easing the other bags off his arm to leave in the hall.  “It smells great, whatever you’re doing,” he added as he made his way to the kitchen.
"She pressed me up against this tree trunk and had her way with me.”
So, I chose another road without so much as giving him a hint of my intentions and I recall the self-satisfaction with which I presented him with my fait accompli.  I had proposed marriage to the first respectable woman who had given me any encouragement and she had accepted with alacrity.  I closed the book.  It was not the roaring waters of Reichenbach that should have haunted me.  I should have dreamt of his long, white hand stretching up and saying, “For me, there still remains the cocaine-bottle.”
“I did.”  I pointed at the candle surrounded by juniper on the table.  “And when I ate one of those.”
I was relieved when he headed towards the sitting room, not the bedroom.
“How could you know that?”
"Bring the lantern forward a bit, Lestrade," he said.
“Beautiful as it was, incidental music is not a symphony,” I pointed out.  “Who might be romanticising now?”
His were bright and his lips were scarlet.
“Oh?”
Holmes had his flask out in a moment.  The cognac was excellent as always.  It is with the discernment of a chemist that he chooses his spirits.  Its flavour seized my mouth and its heat glowed comfortably in my belly.
I leaned back as though to look him in the eye, but it was too dark for that.  “What?”
I put my hands over my face. When I’ve been wild, when he’s been away, when I have lain, sated and breathless beside him, there have been times when I’ve begged him to do whatever he wanted so long as we didn’t stop.
“Yes,” he replied after a moment.  “We will.”
“Drink some more,” Sherlock suggested, not looking at all repentant.
His eyes darted around the kitchen.
The moon beamed on my left, the water reflecting back its light and as far as I could see I found no trace of buildings or roads, just a shimmering basin of water.
I felt him try to pull his arm away.  I gripped him more tightly.
“How did you have time?”  Sherlock asked between nips and licks along John’s side.
“‘Land of Song!’” said the warrior bard,
I steadied the willow in the crook of my elbow and uncapped the flask.  Steam rose up and I closed my eyes a moment before taking a sip.  I held it on my tongue before swallowing.  It made its way known all the way down, warm and a little tart, but not tart enough to mask the taste of rose and lavender.  “Yours is a little different from mine,” I said, handing the flask back.
I’m doing just fine.
Ms Swann obliged.
I closed my eyes.  Someone, pale and slim, swam across the lake.  I sighed.
“Remember, remember the fifth of November,” I said.
“She held a life estate,” Holmes stated, setting aside his tea cup and taking up a tiny sandwich.
“Those are scores of torches we are seeing,” Sherlock said.
“Just walk under, John.  I’ve recently had surgery, you don’t want me overexerting myself.”
“I wasn’t quite myself at the time,” I countered.
He held out his flask to me then.
More a faun, than a satyr.   A lover rather than a lecher.
There was a loud thump and an ominous crack.  The hilt of my sword struck my foot as it fell.  The boat shuddered, rising on a wave before splashing back into the water.  It soaked all but my chest where I had pulled the quiver and crossbow close to me.
“By mid-day tomorrow, is my guess.”
“Interested in learning?”
“Hey!” John glanced down.  The Greylag goose with part of a bread crust dangling from the side of his beak looked up innocently before he swallowed the bread down.  “So, you’re really going to ask her if she wishes to withdraw her case?  Regardless of what’s in the lab report?”
“I do.  How long were you held?” John asked.
“Exactly,” Sherlock said.
>>>>>>>>o0o<<<<<<<<
Indeed, Lestrade and I were perspiring before long, although it would have been much worse if the way had not been paved.  The nearest entrance to the graveyard was a short distance from the city gates and a stone path had cut northwesterly from it to a small central shrine.  From there, several other paths radiated outwards to points on the northern side of the cemetery.  We took the one heading due north.
I scrutinised the glittering throng and spotted a few other guests without jewels encircling their brows.  A tall, ominous figure was skirting the edge of the room in sable raiment and what looked like a cloth cap from which several long, thin black feathers pointed downwards.  I decided to keep an eye on him.  He would be easy enough to spot.
It took a moment for me to realise his sounds were words.  I lifted my lips from his skin.  “Tonight?”
“You’ve injured your wings on the window,” he said and placed his other hand next to the first.
John smiled, but Sherlock didn’t see.  He was busy refolding the napkin into some complex shape.
I turned around amidst the litter to face her.  “I’ll have all this mess cleared away shortly.”
“Yes,” I said.  My stomach unclenched.  I opened my eyes and lifted my head.
Involuntary.
It was brisk when I emerged into the air, a faint breeze stirring the evergreen leaves about me.  I grinned at my achievement and took my bearings, hedge of rosemary along the half-wall to my left, holly tree in the corner to my right.  Satisfied that I could locate the door to the stairs again, I turned east towards the gibbous moon.
"I believe so," I said.
“Defending?  Did either have a record?”
“This is a sight,” he said, stopping short.
I felt the expansion of his chest against my leg as he sighed mightily.  “However she managed it, with whatever motivations, I am grateful that her actions spared you a tiny fraction of the grief I caused you.  I will never be able to apologise enough.”
He picked up his violin case.  “How do you think we can get to the next room?” he asked in an almost playful tone, but the look in his eye remained thoughtful.
Something small brushed past my shin and a moment later a small face emerged over the table edge between Kit’s elbows.  He set down his mug and scratched between his cat’s ears.
“Make sure it latches.  The draft through there is strong,” he said.
“I thought it was a bone at first,” I said, “partly because of the rounded end and partly because I’ve been to the catacombs beneath Paris.  But it’s too shiny.”
“Hmm,” Sherlock murmured, relaxing against John, head on John’s shoulder, a hand curved around John’s neck.
"Lestrade hasn't been able to gather the information on excavations or repairs affecting underground waterways yet," Sherlock replied.  "I may have to help him to speed that up."
I shook my head.
Definitely not and Chapalu is closer to a tiger than a lion.
Sherlock turned to his father, covered the hand on his shoulder.  “I don’t think it was magic that blinded him.”  His eyes slid towards me.
“Next week’s lottery numbers?” John asked, thinking it just might be possible.
“It’s like trimming hair,” Sherlock murmured.  “It’s being pulled up by the roots that they get cross about.”
“He stirs with the fading of the light.”
“Here we are,” Mrs Hudson said, leaning down by a tree trunk and holding aside the brush.  “See?”
Our humming stopped.
“Not something I would normally know, but the flat’s for sale.  There were flyers from the estate agent on every table and window sill in the place.  They weren’t letting any opportunity pass them by.  I took one with me.  I like to see what properties in the area are selling for and I found out when the building was built as well.  It's much newer than this terrace.”
“John,” Sherlock called.
John pressed his mouth to the base of Sherlock’s throat.
Lord Holmes lifted his chin, eyebrows raised and glanced from Sherlock to me and back.  “Howe’er achieved, so many people are grateful that he is gone.”
I opened my eyes and saw his lips, plump and red.  He glanced at me from half opened eyes and bent down…
When I looked, snowflakes were gathering on the shawl of the woman by her doused fire.  She got up, dusted off her skirt, shouldered the satchel her friends had packed for her and turned towards the western path where they were waiting.
“So, what is it?”
I fitted the key around the errant string’s peg and applied the slightest pressure, tried the string again and smiled.  I tried the next string, my fingers careful, my head cocked.  I plucked the first bar of the song again.  I was humming, but I couldn’t find the right strings fast enough.  And then the music began.
Mrs Hudson held up her hand.  “After Gabriel graduated, Lia moved in with Anji.”  Mrs Hudson pushed two fingers down.  “Then Anji graduated and Keiko moved in with Lia.”  Down went another finger. “They were all younger brothers or sisters of Gabriel’s or Anji’s friends, so I knew them a bit before they moved in.”  She took a breath.  “Then Lia graduated and Isobel took her place, Keiko finished and Fiona moved in with Isobel – I went to their wedding – it was lovely - then the flat was empty for a while and then you came.”  She looked at her hands.  “I may have lost count.  Seven or eight years seems about right.”
Not taking that route.
~~~~~~oo0oo~~~~~~
The man John and Sherlock were watching turned at the sound, his long ponytail flaring out with the movement.
I let that settle into my mind.
‘Seeing red’ is an expression I’ve heard all my life.  I’d never actually seen it before though.  Woo him away, would they?
“He was in Bexleyheath when he called ten minutes ago,” Sherlock said.
She withdrew her hand.  “If you’re sure, dear.  Sherlock had said it would be a pleasant surprise for you when he suggested I make it this morning and he's usually right about such things.”
“Ah, there’s our sleek, black fellow joining the fray.  His wings are up.  Oh, someone’s given him a nip.  They’re sorry for that now.”
“Look at Ms Swann.”
Sherlock stood, held out his hand.
I rubbed my forehead against his side, took a deep breath and blew it out over his skin.  Tried to blow those memories away with it.  “It was nice at our grandparents’.  They seemed to actually like one another.  If they took us to an auction, our nan would let Harry and I each choose a box lot, and she would bid on it for us – within reason.  It was her way of encouraging us to get ready to go quickly.  If we arrived in time for the preview, we could have a poke around in the boxes before the bidding started and decide which ones to try for.”
“Their reasons for consulting Madame Willow were less heart-wrenching and the outcome of the consultation less inexplicable.  I will summarise what they shared that evening.”
Lad needs a rest though.
“Watch,” Sherlock whispered.
“You recall touching my leg in the grove?”
I considered his priapic state and stroked a hand over the insistent evidence of mine.  “Something to take the edge off?”
I felt Sherlock nod.
“No, I put them away after Mary died.  I couldn’t bear having the both of you staring at me.”  I pressed my hand over the inner pocket of my jacket again.  It has become a tic, that gesture.
Sherlock opened one eye.  “Oscillating?”
He leaned closer still.  “But watching him with a well-trained partner would be even more delicious.  What all has he taught you, little one?”
“Trying,” I said.  My fingers closed around the smooth shell, squeezing tightly.  The noise from Sherlock’s side of the bed ceased.  “Thank god,” I sighed, fumbling the mobile in front of my face, trying to find the off button.  It buzzed louder.  I squinted at the lighted screen.
I peered about me.  The lamps had been extinguished, the room was a vast expanse of shadows striped with moonlight.  All the windows to the terrace were open.  A pale rectangle at the far end where doors led to the double staircase stood open as well.
“Come join me.”  Sherlock rang off.
The fountain of sparks around us dwindled until it marked the edge of the circle with a frothing border no higher than my ankle.  Afterimages danced before my eyes and it was several seconds before I could make out more than the vaguest shapes beyond its perimeter.
I raised my eyebrows.
“Perytons,” Lord Holmes said, looking out at the creatures.  “Difficult to handle, but incredibly fast.”
John shuddered, his foot twitched.  The empty beer bottle rolled over the wooden floor until it clanked against the hearthstone.  His eyes flew open.  Shadow-draped shapes surrounded him, faint lights strobed across the ceiling.  The curtains flapped.
I left my mystery object on the desk and grabbed my keys from the kitchen table.
“No.  Should I?”
I wiggled my toes; they seemed in good order.  I checked the windows.  Our reflections danced against an inky background.  I looked across at my partner.  Her head was crowned with shiny, brown plaits woven with sprigs of acacia.  Her robe matched the vibrant yellow of the flowers.
Yeah.
“What do you see, John?”  Sherlock's hand settled on top of mine.
His bow swooped down onto the strings and the wild opening of
“Don’t touch him.”
Water began to run.
Behind us, Wiggins began to whistle.  After a few notes, Bert joined in.  Next to me, Kit began to hum.
Sherlock hummed.
“One cannot leave the tree until dawn the first time.”  He kissed my ear, my shoulder.  “Everyone has to come to you.”  He shifted his hips, gently.
In one fluid movement, Sherlock landed the oars inside the skiff to either side of me and threw a loop of rope above my head and out over the water.  Hand over hand, he drew most of the rope back in and the boat thumped along what I guessed was a pier.  I twisted round to look at it.  Our mooring line was holding us close to one in a double row of tree trunks extending back to the shore and up the bank.
Something tickled Madeleine’s shoulder.  She tried to brush it away.  It was very soft.
Good.
Greg craned his neck a bit and lifted an eyebrow.  “I see you’re well-provisioned there, Doctor Hooper.  Willing to share?”
“Yes.”
She raised an eyebrow.  "Sherlock wasn't the only one from the Manor who went up to the heath that summer evening."
“Maybe not your leg,” John murmured, mouthing the taut skin beneath Sherlock’s ear.  His hand slipped down to Sherlock’s hip.  “Although I happen to know that your leg is tasty, too.”
He drank more deeply and sighed as he returned the cup to its saucer soundlessly.  “Thank you,” Corvus said, his shoulders falling slightly.  The interlude appeared to have put him more at ease.
There were four impatient creatures tossing their heads and stamping their hooves on the terrace.  The paving stones rang with their blows and threw sparks up about their feet.  Their antlers gleamed silver in the twilight and the white and grey feathers of their wings reminded me of the infinite variety of pigeons, if pigeons had wings that folded like swans’ wings and were several metres across.
I felt the weight of his hand on my hair.
I stared out the front door.  The sun was bright.  Cars and buses motored by.  People passed along the pavement; a few glanced my way.  I stood on the threshold; I could feel it pressing against my arches through the soles of my shoes.  There were people eating at the tables outside Speedy’s.  Whatever they were having smelled good.  I held the phone in my hand and wondered if I whistled whether people would stop seeing me.  Could that work out here in the sunshine?
Improving though I was, it would be a long time before I could call forth music like that.
Sherlock shook his head.  His phone beeped and he opened a new file of photographs.  A wing had been recovered from the shrubbery along the river walkway and it appeared to be retaining its form.  Its edges gleamed a golden brown in the photograph, its translucent centre revealed the foliage beneath it.
I swallowed twice to dilute the taste, then inclined my head.  “Do I hear music?”
We were in the middle of the room when I next noted my surroundings, and I realised there was a space opening as the crowd moved back in silence.  The music, too, had stopped.  I thought the air might have left with it.  I looked at Sherlock, solemn and pale, and squared my shoulders, dipping my chin so infinitesimally, only Sherlock could possibly have detected it.
John held it up in one gloved hand.  “So what was supposed to happen after you put me to sleep?” he asked.
I stepped back.
Sherlock looked up, eyes green with reflected wormlight.  “I thought you had fixed it so human mechanisms couldn’t detect our kind after that fuss with the photographs.”
I'm not the dancer that someone we know is.
“And the wood?”
“Absolutely.  Not only would their bodies be buried alongside him in the ground, but their spirits would board his ship for an eternal journey in the afterlife - no strings attached, no judgements, no waiting period.  I think that might be verging on the heretical, and I doubt they shared it with their vicar before the funeral service, but the Morrows clearly liked this version of things and spoke of it fondly during my visit.  Indeed, I got to meet Tristan and Gawain, the cats apparently destined for the same voyage.  Fine, sturdy toms they were and extremely friendly.  I came away with a good deal of black and white fur on my trousers.”
He pulled away too soon.
“What matter of interest have we here?” Queen Titania enquired as she swept out from between the trees, her retinue fluttering about her.
“That first paper I gave you,” he said, “see if you can find any familiar names upon it.”
Sherlock’s phone vibrated.  He ignored it.
My head fell back as the sensations radiated out from where we were joined.  Slowly he rose and slowly he fell again, slowly, slowly.  I craned my neck to see the space between us disappear.  I wanted to watch it re-appear and be obliterated over and over, but I couldn’t keep my head raised.
“I would have noticed an Usher engagement or wedding announcement,” Sherlock said.
I feel this deep sense of dread.  Worse than when I was shot.
“I will, Mrs Turner,” Kit vowed and dropped another bit of meat to the floor.
“Why don’t you see if the post has brought us anything of interest, John?”
I took a deep breath, but the oxygen must not have circulated sufficiently, because words were not forming in my brain, so I nodded, and hoped her court card was not one of the really risqué ones.
I watched the muscles of his calf flex.  The stocking landed on the top of the heap of garments and he switched legs.  I caught a glimpse of what hung between his thighs.  The damned shirt tails kept me from seeing more.
“What the hell’s going on?” John exclaimed.
“Read it.”  Sherlock enhanced the resolution on a frame of the video.
I did, opening my eyes.  Sherlock was on one knee before me, buckling something about my hips.  I looked down, avoiding staring directly at the rich darkness of his curls as he bent to his task.  I checked what was bumping against my thigh.  It was the scabbard and sword he had shown me earlier.
(See the end of the chapter for
He’d had the coloured heart pictures, as I call them, mounted so they were joined together, their outline resembling an uneven flight of stairs.  The frame was mahogany, the matting steel blue.  The drawings went well with the skulls, I suppose.
I heard an echoing thump, then another.
The melody was high at first, light and pretty.  John thought Ms Swann shouldn’t have been shy to share it, but then he wondered if it wasn’t the quality of the music about which she was reticent.  John knew he was no expert, but he knew what pleased him and the piece was pleasing.
Mrs Turner got up and disappeared into the dark.
My fingers gripped Sherlock’s leg.  People would be trampled.
John chuckled softly.  It didn’t matter how many times he’d seen Sherlock do it, it was always a treat.  If people knew what he could see, they would never let him into their homes.  John was looking forward to hearing on the way home what Sherlock had gleaned, unless his findings were of a sufficiently delicate nature that he would indicate with a certain tilt of his head that they needed to wait until they were back at Baker Street.
I thought he was about to say more, but in a rush of air and feathers, Siròc landed on his shoulder uttering a series of chirps.
Guests stepped out of our way as we walked to the middle of the room and I could see that a section of the parquet had been cleared for us.  We turned to face one another, unclasped our hands for a moment, and bowed.
“You could let go,” I suggested through gritted teeth.
Sherlock lifted his head.  “Did I?”
He raised his head, red eyes full of hope.
The ribbon at my waist untied itself and the drawers dropped to my feet.  I stepped away and a glissando whisked them into the basket.  The tunic followed them from off the bench.
But, the dimensions of the room were the ones with which I was familiar, the large, open hearth to my left, the smaller hearth flanked by ovens with metal doors to my right.  Baskets of more dried plants on the floor here and there.
He listened to the song I had learned that shrouded me in shadow.  I had not realised what it did until Mrs Hudson came into the music room calling for me and went back out again without speaking to me.  I whistled it in front of the mirror in my bedroom and understood.  Sherlock was amused when I showed him that it worked equally well when I whistled it.
I shook my head.  “Tea.  What’s in Marseille?”
“You improved on her recipe,” Sherlock remarked, leaning closer and studying the fruit.
I cleaned my teeth, too, while I was in there.  I wondered what Sherlock would be making of that.  It wasn’t as though I were going to bite the vein open.
I paused.  An inch of darkness showed between the edge of the lid and the body of the box.  Inside, nothing glittered.  Nothing slithered.  The scent of sandalwood grew stronger.
There was a loud crash and a shrill cry that sounded like Sherlock's name.
into two chapters.  I hope you enjoy what transpires before supper.
Mrs Hudson jumped.  “Why are they always early when you don’t need them to be?” she said.  She patted the handbag hanging from her shoulder, looked at the suitcase John had picked up and pointed at the note in his other hand.  “My sister’s number's there, just in case and the name...”
Sherlock nodded.
Corvus covered his face for a moment then rubbed his hands down to his chin and addressed Holmes.  “I was told you would know my purpose after a glance at me.”  He almost smiled.  “I had hoped it might spare me having to explain.”
“The steps get quite slippery in the winter,” he murmured by my ear.
, outraged missives posted to the publisher.  He was accused of promoting immorality, so, of course, everyone wanted this obscure series of transcribed medieval manuscripts for their home library.  The first printing sold out quickly, and a second printing was promptly run, but before it could be distributed to booksellers, every book in the set was banned."
Dean Bradley shook his head.  “The entryway is closed.  Would you like to go down ahead of time?”
“The possible honeytrap.”
Molly Hooper inclined her head towards the seat in front of the window of the lute player.
A light breeze blew past my buttocks and Sherlock’s hands grasped my hips.  “Lovely, aren’t they?” he murmured, but to whom I wasn’t sure.
“'Your son asks you not to worry about him.  His end came sooner than he had hoped, but it was swift, and now he captains his own ship on gentle seas before a fair wind.'  Also, he found the first mate, his tabby and Merlin waiting on board for him and hopes their kittens are catching every rodent within a mile of the cottage at Rose End.  She smiled at the Morrows.  'He sends his love and says he looks forward to the day you board his ship, but hopes it isn’t for a long while yet.'”
John lifted the cover of the tin on the mantelpiece in the hallway and took a deep breath.
Sherlock stared at the floor.  Spilt blood formed an irregular outline around where we had been seated.  Pointed green leaves were sprouting from the darkening stains.  “Thistles.”  He looked at me.  “I should have predicted that.”  He frowned.  “Mind where you step, the leather of your shoes is soft.”
“Just dribble it in,” Mrs Hudson said and John obeyed.
Out of the corner of my eye, I saw the light waver.  I glanced to the side.
Beside us, Midnight arched her back and hissed.
He looked up from his designs.  “Not yet,” he said, holding my gaze.  He reached one cool hand between us, then lowered himself slowly onto me.
“They're bites, not scratches," he clarified, "and it did have seven heads.”
“Puck embraces human inventions as much as his royal mentor,” Sherlock smirked.
I slipped the button at his waist out of its button hole.  “I’ll act out what I saw…” I stroked the small vee of skin revealed, before undoing the button below it.  “…and you’ll tell me if I do anything different from what you saw happen on those cards,” I said.
Before the open window, Sherlock was a silhouette.  A long, lithe silhouette, holding a book and swaying slightly.  My eyes lingered on the gentle rhythm of his hips.
“You’re even better with a gun,” he remarked when I reached him.
I hooked one leg around his waist and climbed higher.  “But we can’t be late to the fire, right?”
“I believe we saw your black swan on the canal earlier,” Sherlock said.
“Okay,” Sherlock's voice said.
He shook his head.  “Dance is the mode of combat.  There are several types of dances, some done in a group, some in pairs, some involve very complex patterns and some involve blades.”
“Even so, I deduce that there’s something else you did for them.”
Fine.
Maybe it’s unwise to write this down, but I don’t want that weird thing that happens with memories to happen to this.  I want to own up to what it was and hold tight to what it means, because I have trouble with that.  I admit it.  I hide from myself more than I hide from anyone else, although I do that, too.  This, I don’t want to ever lose sight of, no matter how many body parts are in the fridge.
“Not a bad deduction,” he said.  “Incorrect, but not illogical.”
The laboratory door was shut, but unlocked.  Inside, equipment hummed under dim lights.  I found the switch by the door and turned them up.  There was a third rack of test tubes on the table.
“Were you dreaming?”
Her hand went to her ear.
Oberon opened the box, lifted out the vial with the thin, dark roll within.  “That does not look very interesting,” Oberon remarked, “but appearances can be deceiving.”
Molly laughed, selected a little tart from her plate and held it up to him.
A broad hand cradled his head, a tongue entered his mouth.  When it withdrew, lips moved across his cheek, below his ear and onto his neck.  And then there was a voice, like the lowest note of his clarinet.
He didn’t reply.
“Very concrete,” Holmes mused.  “And they got their answer?”
I caught his eye.  We had spoken of Italy from time to time, of the art and the sun and the crime.
I glanced over my shoulder.  “You know, the party game where you sit in a circle with music playing and pass around a package wrapped in many layers until the music stops, then the person with the package removes a layer and does whatever the message inside that layer instructs them to do.”
There’s some of that in there, too.
“A little.”
Sherlock leaned slightly forward.
There it was.  I opened my mouth and closed it again.  I had succumbed to the same combination of beauty and bereavement, although Mary had not been helpless in the aftermath of her father’s death nor so stricken by it as Corvus clearly was by the loss of his…
“How’s it going?” I asked.
With a final wave, the man turned towards the tree, walking with measured steps to the trunk and then began to climb it.
Without turning his head, John looked up.  “From here, I’d say yeah.”
I chuckled and glanced towards the door.
“Woohoo, Sherlock.”  Mrs Hudson appeared on the other side of the garden.  “I’m glad I found you.  Detective Inspector Lestrade said you weren’t answering your phone, so he came over.  He’s in the foyer.  He wouldn’t even go up to the study to sit, he’s so anxious to speak with you.”
“Clean-shaven.”
Mrs Hudson turned around and looked from me to him and smiled.  “You look like you could use another couple hours sleep,” she said to Sherlock and patted him on the shoulder as she went to the fridge.  “I’ve got ginger biscuits cooling downstairs.”
“You associate the scent with good food,” he said.
He woofed.
The dog quieted beneath its master’s touch, pressing against his leg, its head raised, mouth open, tongue lolling.  It looked more like a small bear than a dog and I thought of other stories, this time of the highly classified activities that were rumoured to occur at the military base at Baskerville, and I wondered whether my host’s placating tone had been for the beast or for me.
Untapped reserves were found.  I sat up straighter.  “No, no, I can manage.”  I scowled at the satin ribbons and considered using one of my knives on the things.
“Such a pity.”  He held his mask up again and turned away.  The crowd parted before him.
Sherlock’s did not.  He had John fast against his chest.  “Can you continue not to look?” he asked when he had the breath.
Seemingly oblivious to the struggle on the floor, the dancers to either side of me took my hands for a series of sliding steps clockwise.  Grateful for the guidance of our linked hands, I moved with them, keeping a lookout for further annelids as I went.
Sherlock looked down at the serviette, smoothing it over his knee.  “We’d go hunting for treasure together and he was always interested in what I found as much as in what he found.  He’d turn the rock or snail shell or bird’s feather over and sometimes see things I’d missed, like a streak of quartz under some mud or the beetle in the snail shell.  He taught me how to observe carefully, with all the senses.  He had the most wonderful sense of smell.
He shook his head.  "Just hold this," he directed, pushing one of the oars towards me and grasping the spear.
My hand stroked along his spine to his buttocks.  “A trip to the kitchens afterwards?” I murmured.
Kit stroked the narrow back and Midnight began to purr.  “Then Mrs Hudson taught me a tune for singing them and I’ve been doing much better.  She said it’s like that with some people.  They need the music to learn.”
“You cannot leave me,” he said, "whatever you really are.
I looked about for them.  “Won’t they need to pass this way?”
Sherlock peered at me, brow furrowed, and then opened his fingers and let me have the knife.
“True, but he didn’t just swim to the side or start diving for pondweed; you’re concluding that he took off,” John said.
“I used the uncontaminated blood,” I said.
“Yes."  I had thought it was only Sherlock who could find the time and weather that he wanted when he stepped through.
“Good.  What became of the person following Ms Swann?” Sherlock asked.
Gold light obscured how we got underway, but I heard the thump of rope landing in the bottom of the skiff and felt it rock as Sherlock shoved us away from the landing.  I held the torch aside, staring away from it and opening my eyes wide until they adjusted to the gloom.
Sherlock looked up, his eyes gleaming.  "John," he said.
“Of all the things you saw last night, that’s the one you want to ask about first?” he said, the lines about his eyes crinkling in mirth.
A chill draft wafted past me.
“Or whosoever else might gain possession of the key,” Mycroft said.
I’d just put another quarter of a sandwich in my mouth, so I tilted my head enquiringly and checked the date along the top of the scrap of paper.  The month was gone, but the year was 1881.
I heard more bubbles pop in the fireplace.
John heard the faintest catch in Sherlock’s voice and glanced sideways at him, but he was turned away.
His hand smoothed over my chest.  “Hmm.  You haven’t met them yet.”  Cool fingers stroked against my heated skin and I shivered.
“My question stands.”
“It fell out,” Mycroft translated.
I stepped onto the barge.  It dipped.  I kept my balance, sat, without missing a beat.
“Because you wanted to swim with…”  Sherlock left the sentence unfinished.
“That the moon likes little better than to have her stones draw blood,” he murmured between little licks at my chin.  I supposed some of the blood might have dripped there.
“I’ll be lucky if I can coax a note out of you,” he said and found the can of gun oil for the rusty latch.
The sound reverberated for a very long time.  I didn’t want it to fade away.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Thank you,” he said.  “That’s a fine way to start the day.”
“It’s a good point.  I was thinking several cameras hidden in the trees around the pond might catch us clearer images.”
I moved back a pace, realising the creature belonged to the house, although its name conjured ominous associations from my army days.
“Changed it?”  I hate when I echo what he says.
“How do you know it’s Mike’s handiwork?" John asked.  He peeked at the top of Sherlock’s head between his legs and closed his eyes again.
“I didn’t know what I was doing,” I confessed.  “I was desperate.”
I hummed louder.
“Animals have been known to be angry or sad when their humans ignore them,” Sherlock remarked.
The music, which had accommodated the interruption to our dance with a flight of improvisation, resumed its beat when I reached the edge of periphery of the design.  From there, I retraced every one of my steps to the tempo.
“And dar’st thou then
“Get up and get under the covers, you wild thing,” I hissed.
We skirted the cart, which had come to a stop by one of the doors in the north wall of the courtyard, and made our way along the passageway that ran through the eastern wall.  No one looked out from the rooms on either side of the passage.  Casting a wary eye at the spiked tips of the palings of the portcullis as we approached them, my pace picked up.
I crept closer.
“Your shirt will need to be removed,” I remarked, my fingers curling against my palms.  The urge to touch him grew stronger the closer I came, but the need to see that he was indeed well-healed was stronger.
John finished his mashed potatoes.  Mrs Hudson had used the sage in the gravy.
Hesitantly, I glanced at the other two windows.  In each, a woman danced among meadow flowers, purple mountains in the background, a chord of fiery sun between their slopes staining the blue sky above with bands of orange and lavender.  One held a beribboned tambourine aloft, her light brown hair falling in waves past her waist.  The other held castanets in her open fingers, her long, dark hair swirling out about her, a scarlet cloak by her feet.  I was relieved to see that neither resembled anyone I knew.
Glancing back towards Spring’s window, I saw Greg holding Molly’s hand as she stepped though.  Sherlock said something further to him as Greg stepped up onto the window seat.
“Are there greater pleasures than that?” John asked, his grin growing.
“So, what did you learn about Suspect No. 2?” Sherlock asked as they approached the Great Western Road.
Silence!
John set the fire extinguisher aside.  He could hear the sirens.  He took the syringe out of his pocket.  “Shall I give you some of this while we wait?” he asked.
After several steps, I glanced back, hoping to see the willow’s smaller branches waving in the breeze from the top of the pile.
“Most of the human samples are from patients who have died,” he said.  “The uncontaminated ones were.  All of them had been frozen for several months at a minimum and the living donors are scattered around the country.  You've seen how rare most of the diseases are.  Physical and temporal distance lessens the speed of the effect, but even old blood will work eventually.  Someone who had donated blood months ago would have felt some slight discomfort, a twinge, a prickle, if I had used their blood tonight.   Nothing remotely like what you are experiencing.”
“…on the grass,” Sherlock said.
My dragon yanked the torn cloth of my trousers out of the way and bit more deeply into my flesh.
“Everyone says that,” Mrs Hudson replied, from further down the hall, “but the manor house goes on to the corner and back to the parallel road behind us, so it isn’t surprising once you know that.”  She waved towards the stairs.  “Go on up, one flight.  The door to the study is open.  Make yourself at home.  Give the fire a poke if it’s got too low.  I’ll bring the tea in a few minutes.”  With that she was gone, another glass door swinging shut after her.
John’s rhythm quickened.
“We don't have a generator?” I asked, heading for my chair.
“Except the one time when I fell out of a tree on the island and injured my arm.   He had to row the whole way back that day.”
"If it was, I would.  As it is, no.  I'll take the two-pound coin just in case though," he said.
Without lifting the teapot lid, Mrs Hudson declared the tea ready.  How she can tell without looking I don’t know, but she’s always right.
Sherlock considered the berries in his hand.  “They didn’t need much,” he said, picking one.
“I wish for you to stay, John Watson,” he said, “and I should like to examine how you have healed as well.  If you would kindly remove your garments.”
He opened his cloak wide, then closed it around my back.  “There might be time,” he murmured.
The world spun.
“There you are,” Mrs Hudson called.  “Right on time.”
He nodded.  “I don’t think it matters in this instance, do you?”
She lifted her head high.
“She looked at one of the cards and saw the likeness of her dead husband as a young man…in fancy dress no less.”
“And we all asked her whether she’d write a song about it.”  Miss Turner looked up to the gallery.  “Maybe she’ll sing it tonight.”
“Ah, they must be clearing out what was left after the sale last week,” she said, nodding.  “I didn’t look at the books.  They were mostly in cartons under the tables and I didn’t want to bend down and pull them out.”
“It’s an old house; it has…quirks,” he said, “and now that you've been found, I wouldn’t want to lose you.”
“Can’t be soon enough,” John murmured.
“And, then he was gone,” I said and my voice was thick.
I dawdled in the shower, daydreaming in the steam.
, “trooping all,”
Baskerville whined.
I climbed back up to the landing, turned into the library and set the basket down by the coffee table with as little clatter as I could manage.  “What all is in here…”
“What does it mean?” I asked.
“For burning oil.”  He looked over his shoulder.  “Mind where you step; there are other supplies stowed along the way.”
I stilled and glanced up at Sherlock.
“Ah.  Which one?”
On the second try, the golden strip slid a few centimetres to the side.
I am going to do my damnedest to make this work out.
“Long ride,” I commented.
“Mmm.  Auroch,” Greg said.  “I haven’t had that in ages.”
“Your blood was fresh,” he said, his tone thoughtful, “and you are right here with me...”
You know who I meant.
Tail thumping against the turf, Baskerville turned to look at me, mouth open, almost as though he were laughing.
“A drink was fine,” she said.  “Thank you.”
“When I looked back up from the task, I found Madame Willow’s eyes on me.
“I wondered where you’d make the connections,” Sherlock said.
Yeah.
On cold starry nights,
“Off you go, then,” Mrs Hudson said merrily.  “We’ll have a wonderful breakfast for you when you get back.”
I felt a blush creeping over me.  Mr Holmes could have been the model for the figure in the window, although the style suggested its creation dated from a century or more before his birth.  Examining it made me feel a voyeur; it was an exceptional piece of art, but I knew my interest was held by the strength of the resemblance.
I raised a forefinger.  “I did not.  I’d gone to protect Mary’s friend from the follies of grief and indeed had a notion to use your methods to unmask the villainess attempting to exploit them.”
I started.  I had forgotten the bird.  Nearly.
Eyebrows raised, John glanced up, shook his head and returned his eyes to the road.  “Could barely call it playing.  I learned the clarinet at school, but was always more interested in rugby practice than scales.  They would have thrown me out of the band if they’d had another clarinettist.”
Despite his leg being sore, John hummed as he made his way up the stairs, thumping his cane in time with the tune.  Four days’ locum work in a row was going to put a useful sum in his current account.  The clouds had finally parted, making for a pleasant walk home right past his favourite curry shop.  He began to sing as he surmounted the last few steps and opened his door:  “Wee folk,”
The swan circled once, twice more, so close his half-raised wings must have brushed against the hulls of the houseboats.  John thought the bird might spread those wings and flutter up onto one of the boats’ decks.  He had an image of the swan rushing them from such a vantage, seizing the camera by its strap and dropping it into the water.
I watched as it circled until Sherlock blocked my view of its progress then again as it appeared on the other side of him.  It was swimming slowly and I hoped the loss of blood was incapacitating it.  As if it heard my thoughts, the foamy circle formed more quickly, but further from the boat on its second lap.  Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Sherlock turn to look over his shoulder at it.
My breath hitched.
I thought Holmes might dismiss them with a suggestion that I would serve, but he allowed Mrs Hudson to take her time preparing our cups and dividing up the platter of cakes for Billy to distribute round the room.  She left with a sympathetic smile for our guest before closing the door quietly after her.
Near the open air theatre, I spotted an old tennis ball.  I threw it high and far and and Baskerville roared after it and brought it back.
Something heavy fell inside.
Sherlock raised his eyebrows and finished adjusting the lens on his camera.
I lifted my foot high over the oaken threshold and entered.
He isn’t quite as wild-eyed now.
John nodded, the movement easy along the slick skin.
“I had that golden apple dessert last year,” Kit said as he peeled the shell off a roasted chestnut.  “It made everything sparkle.”
“There’s nothing to be sorry about, Ms Swann.  Our dreams sometimes inform us of things we’ve observed unconsciously while awake.  They are worth examining.  Please proceed,” Sherlock replied.
“Oh,” she said, sitting down on the other end of the sofa.  “You’ll need a tripod to hold it well above the flames and a long-handled pot for that.  You know, I have a copper one with a holly wood handle that would be just the right size.”  She cut a thick slice off a glazed loaf of bread and set it on a small plate.  “Do you have all the other ingredients you need?”  She passed me the plate and a silver fork.
With a sharp click, the library door opened.  A faint, flickering light, perfumed with spices, fell onto the lower landing.
One place by day and another at night?  But I first saw this version of it at night.  What am I supposed to conclude from this?
“There were shooting stars, too,” Kit interjected.  “And that’s where I found Midnight.”  He gave the cat a bit of stew meat.  She seized it in her teeth and jumped down to the floor with it.  “Hiding under some deadwood I was gathering up for the fire.  Tiny, she was.  Skinny and injured.  I carried her home underneath my jumper.”
Unless he’s thinking deeply.
“Who’s not being discreet now?” Sherlock asked as he mounted the steps to the platform.
“For the times when you don’t wish to accede,” Sherlock replied.
Yeah, I do.
The door opened.
Sherlock grabbed me around the waist.
They would smell sweet in their season.
“Unsolved?” I ventured, adding milk from the jug on the table.
Cold water was dripping off my garment onto my feet.  I shuddered.
Kit was holding onto the balustrade, his face flushed.  I grinned and raised my cup to him and he smiled.
“Shall I throw your willow up for you?” he asked.
Sherlock cocked an eyebrow.
“Dr Watson’s stories are altered to protect those involved and those that cannot be thus disguised are left untold.  Do not let that concern you,” Holmes added.
“Did he introduce himself?” Sherlock asked.
They remained contemplating one another, a pair of willowy figures illuminated by the grey light from the windows.  Then, slowly, Sherlock lowered his violin and set it and his bow aside.
Up drawbridge, grooms,—what, Warder, ho!
I glanced at Sherlock then.  He was looking at my newest ring and seemed pleased.  He twisted the ring on his little finger around so the stones faced palmwards and closed his fist, but I’d already seen its sparkle.
I was.
Greg snorted.  “No offense, but how’s John supposed to pull that off?  Pretend to draw and not let anyone look?”
I smoothed out the numerous, fine papers and began:
“Right,” Molly said in a small voice.
Sparks rose like butterflies.  Everything was yellow and orange.  Ash fell like snow, white and grey.  Through it came the spikes of green.
“No.”
John tilted his head.  “Fair enough,” he said, eyes once again looking though his field glasses.  “It’s just not obvious.”
The insanity defence, is it?  Well, he needs to be locked up, then, for his own protection.
It seemed longer ago.
A scent like old perfume drifted down to me.
She smiled.  The tempo of the music changed.  The outer circle of dancers skipped clockwise.
I felt the menace in my bones.  But Sherlock wouldn’t have listened to me if I’d cautioned him to come away at that point, he was too caught up in the challenge it presented.  So targets for a kill shot ran through my brain, the lines of sight to them shifting as Sherlock changed position and I moved closer.  The weight of the pistol at my back was some comfort, but affecting a creature of that size with the calibre weapon I had would require all my skills.  I was sure that anyone watching me would deduce my intent from my body language.  From the corner of my eye, I saw Lestrade stop leaning against the bridge supports and start towards me.
“Right,” she said again.
He murmured accord.
Mycroft looked Sherlock up and down, bedraggled wings duly noted.  “That was a more adventurous evening than I would have predicted.”
Hey!  Not old yet.
“After that, you would have paid holidays, sick leave and so on as in any other job.”
And then he murmured something I couldn’t hear except for the word ‘father’ and I understood why Sherlock hadn’t reduced this reptile to heap of ash.
I knew where the first image came from and hoped the second hadn’t occurred sometime when I had been too drunk to remember…until now.
John sobered.  “You think…”
“How is he?” Sherlock asked when I returned to the study where he was surrounded by papers.
Sherlock stepped closer.  “You’ll learn how to regulate that.”
“Any observations?”
“Only thing missing is someone to stir while you play,” she added.
I closed my mouth and realised that he was navigating without looking in the direction we were travelling.
John appeared there, disappeared into his bathroom.
Sherlock raised his arm in that imperious gesture which summoned cabs out of thin air.  “Best not to speculate.  Whatever it is, I want to catch in on film,” Sherlock replied and opened the door of the cab that had obligingly pulled up to the kerb in front of Baker Street.
Was it an instruction or a plea?  I kept myself from snatching him back and squared my shoulders, opened my eyes and waited, watching him.  In these matters, he doesn’t often choose to lead.
I felt it strange that Sherlock should have one.  He seemed too singular to have such a close relation.  Even his possessing parents had been a surprise, as if I’d thought he’d been formed in a cloud by lightning and drifted to earth in an evening mist.
I decided against dipping my hand in the water to test its temperature.  We were floating beneath a pale stone arch when our surroundings came into focus.  Sherlock was pulling us forward by means of the hook upon his spear and brass rings upon the walls.  Their stones shone darkly in the torchlight.  "Flint?" I asked.
“Now, I understand the music,” John said.  “My span will be brief, you feel the sadness of my leaving you already.”
“Where is your self-preservation?” I muttered, running towards them.  Low growls and an occasional yip filled the air, but neither animal seemed to have injured the other enough to warrant a yowl of pain.
“You are henceforth The King’s Pearl.  It is your title and your badge,” Oberon said and motioned to Mycroft.  “A fine conclusion to the matter.  We will announce it at court the next time we have a large assembly.”  He raised a forefinger at Puck.  “Mind you don’t lose it.”
“Pretty much,” John replied, "besides, you're the one that brought up courting."
“Look at the cut of that,” Greg said.  “He’s been to Paris.”
“The stone was cold,” John said.
“Shall I carry on?”
I watched the improbable animals snuggling a few metres from me and the heat of my declaration dissipated, but not the anxiety that my doubt could pose a threat to Sherlock.
Molly arranged her flowery frock as she sat, her hair falling over her shoulder.
Holmes walked towards me.  “Do you know them now?”
Holmes discarded his decimated newspaper and lifted a whole one from the stack to his left. He opened it several pages in, holding it up as he snapped the broadsheets into place.
“Swans were relevant to a case before?” John asked.
The flute sang.  The flash of a trumpet caught my eye, moving side to side, over the rail of the gallery, panting.
John peered through his glasses.
Midnight growled.
I guess it would have to be if the fire doesn’t get lit until four in the morning.
“Your blood,” he replied.  “Your wine has mine.”
She reached across the table and patted my hand.  “That wasn’t what I asked him to help with,” she said.
“You’re up late,” I chided Kit.
“He wasn’t invited.”
Sherlock nodded.
My shoulder bumped into a door frame in the dark and I knew I had reached the music room wall.  It always took me longer to cross the passageway when I was alone, just as there were always more flights of stairs to the roof when I went by myself.
“When I visited, they showed me the effects that had been found on their son’s body, which they were keeping in a velvet pouch inside a fair-sized cedarwood box:  a stout leather belt with brass buckle complete with AQM engraved on the reverse,  the tattered remnants of a seaman’s tunic – front and back panels and a bit of one sleeve, a pair of gold reading spectacles from a buttoned inside pocket of the tunic – one lens cracked, and a gold ring that had belonged to Mr Morrow’s father and been inscribed with his initials, QAM, and the date of its presentation to him on his twenty-first birthday in 1817. This ring had been passed on to Mr Morrow when he reached adulthood and then to Arthur on his first visit home after attaining his majority.  It had been removed for safe-keeping, with the help of the local surgeon, when the body had been brought up from the shore to the church.”
I nodded my understanding.
“I don’t know yours though,” John said, the corners of his lips lifting.
John listened to Sherlock’s footsteps recede.  “Right,” he muttered to himself and snatched the half-empty bag of Warburton’s seeded loaf from the kitchen table on his way out.
Puck dragged himself along the ground until he reached Sherlock’s feet.  “Neither of your parents have that power, do they?”
“One of them has a sense of humour,” Sherlock said.  “What else?”
John’s hands had found the feathers of his wings.
My eyes opened wide and I lay my hand on the open pages.  “It doesn’t say anything about that possibility in here.”
I poked at the crumpled newspapers overflowing from the cardboard box and wrinkled my nose.  “What subterranean lair did you find this in?”
Our steps echoed on the thick planks of the drawbridge as we crossed over the moat.
For an instant, Fucker looked ecstatic; head thrown back, mouth open, hands paused mid-clap and then he slipped from sight.  I stared at the spot where he’d disappeared beneath the water.  Ripples faded away.
“I was going to print out a copy and give it to her, but I kept forgetting,” John said.
Sherlock sat up, turned left and right.  “We’re home,” he murmured and stood up.
Sherlock paused in his perusal and turned to me.  “Where have you seen them before, John?”
I missed another step.
That, too.
Sherlock inclined his head at the compliment.  It seemed to thaw his reserve somewhat.
“You just like doing this,” John concluded.
In synchronicity, the hand between his legs and the tongue in his mouth stroked him.
He let me have it, set the papers aside, rested his fingertips on the bottom of my drawing.
They proved intricate, those kitchen locks.  So, for a long time, I could only visit the kitchens after daybreak.  I was rather proud of my first successful nocturnal foray.
My temperature plummeted, my hands relaxed and I grew very calm.  I even smiled.
“At the Round Pond, several times,” she whispered.
“With you,” I said.
Sherlock zoomed in on the head in one of the images and squinted at the screen.  “Combined with the evidence Ms Swann gathered for herself after we departed the scene, I would say yes.  That means that we don’t have to try for daylight footage of a transformation.”
The door to the kitchen hallway opened and Mrs Hudson turned towards it.
The terrace and the hall were empty.  There was no splash of oars on the river, clop of hooves on the road nor beat of prodigious wings through the air.   The last ripples of green and ruby light had faded from the dome of the sky.  The moon, too, was gone; between the trees the still air was tinged with pink.  Even the birds had departed, no doubt to tell their tales elsewhere.
“It should have protected you from those,” he muttered, pulling the long thorn from my instep, “unless…”
I caught the door and Charlie headed for Mrs Hudson.
“I thought she wasn’t your housekeeper.”
“I forwarded you the details,” Sherlock replied.
I stowed my flask.
I noted the distinction.  "Yes, I guess it would be her choice to come along or not."
“Rather the opposite,” Sherlock said.  Even his breath was frigid by my ear.   His weight settled on me.
Ah.  How could I have forgotten the date?
“You haven’t collected any new feathers, by any chance?” Sherlock asked.  “You could try testing those.”
The moth’s antennae brushed against John’s skin as though it had bowed.  It paraded down John’s finger, halted in his palm, lifted each of its front legs to its mouth in turn.
I pondered that as I mounted the stairs with my three-legged gait, pausing to tip my head up to gaze at the skylight more than once.  I wondered if the moon would shine through it.
Against the top of my head, I felt the uneven breath he finally took.
When she turned at the first landing, the music began.
I admired the long thorns that seemed to rise out of the cloth, sharp and golden.
The dog wagged his tail and pushed his nose against Sherlock’s face.
I shook my head.  I could still hear the music playing.
His antennae waved, sipping the salt and blood in the air.  The pleasure of it ran through him.  He crawled higher, careful to remain in the shadow of the doorframe, resisting the urge to fly even on nearly invisible gnat wings.  John had unusually good eyes.  The thought created a tremor of pleasure, too.  He scaled the rugged terrain of the plaster of paris bust above the door, settled on the head of the sphinx-like countenance and let his wings grow large and opaque.  He felt the hook-like tongue of
“This may prove very interesting.  Are you ready for an outing?”
John’s lips grew red as a poppy.
There wasn’t much in it.  He couldn’t have made a huge withdrawal or even a moderate one.  The scarcity of my funds should have made each pound more precious, I suppose, but where suspicion should have been, there was a pleasing sensation, as though he had touched me after all.
And then a voice rose, a high tremolo.  Such a sweet voice.
“What do you think?” a deep voice enquired.
He stopped by a large oak door and turned narrowed eyes upon me.
“A lot.  It strengthened the seal.”  He spun the knife while he paced; it flashed as it turned.  He caught it by the hilt and stopped, staring at it.  “You’d already created a barrier at the perimeter…”  He raised a forefinger and looked over his shoulder.  “Unlike me, Jim would have needed a running start to vault over it…”  Sherlock walked to the edge and looked back at the centre.
A moment later, he stood before us.  “Doctor Watson,” he said, with a slight incline of his head.
We had to pause, early in our perambulations, whilst a small child was corralled by an older boy.  The little one was doing his best to evade capture, squealing with glee as he dodged.
“…where more of the rules would need to be followed in front of so many witnesses and where the music would be ours.”  She looked down at me solemnly.  “You’ve done very well…”  A small smile brightened her expression for a moment as she added those syllables that I had heard when we met, then pulled a ring from her forefinger and held it up as though to be certain it was the one she wanted.  It had a stone that twinkled even in the dim light, encircled by smaller jewels.  “I’ve always thought they resembled a flower, so it will suit you.”  She held it out towards me and I lifted my right hand, small finger raised slightly and she slipped the ring onto it.
I felt for the belt of my trousers, managed to walk with them somewhere around my thighs.
“Doesn’t your design need to dry?”
He stretched out beside me, long and lovely.
Yes.  Very steady.
That these were perched above the traffic of Baker Street, set back just far enough that they were invisible to the passers-by below, was amazing.  I exclaimed freely in that vein as we walked around and Mrs Hudson glowed with filial pride as she pointed out trees and vines and large shrubs that had been the nurslings of her grandfather and in some cases, his father before him.  The gardens outside the conservatories were remarkable enough and I understood that I was seeing them at their least impressive season, but the conservatories were in a different category.  After some more expressions of astonishment on my part, Mrs Hudson started pointing out the plants that had medicinal purposes or were poisonous and I realised that those two, sometimes overlapping, categories covered most of them.
Holmes held up a hand.  “If we had any doubt as to the style of address of our prospective client after hearing his letter, it has been sufficiently corroborated now.”
The room stretched away from us, empty and dim, curtains drawn, laboratory doors shut tight.  The glow of the banked ashes in the hearth lit the hearthstone, the evergreen boughs on the mantle above and little else.  The flames of two candles were all that illuminated the rest.  One, upon the coffee table, was ringed with sprays of juniper, dark with berries.
The images changed again.  The hearts framed a face I recognised from my morning mirror, even in profile.  His robes were dark.  In his upraised hand was a handgun I knew almost as well as the lines of my face. Its muzzle pointed upwards.  The face turned towards me and kept turning until it faced right and then it smiled; the figure climbed out of the frame, one foot balanced on the point of the adjacent ace’s central diamond.  Nimbly, he jumped and landed crouched at the foot of the knave of diamonds, who drew a violin and bow from beneath his robes and began to play.  The knave of hearts settled on the ground, his gun balanced on one knee.  He tilted his head back, expression rapt, to watch the bow dance over the violin's strings.
John knew the question that was on her lips, whether he could see them or not.
They were the softest things I had ever had round my nether regions and I had played a bit with the lingerie of some of my girlfriends, but however wispy those had been, elastic had always been involved and none had ever been as comfortable as these.
The swan rubbed his beak through his mate’s dark feathers as he curved his neck around her head.  She turned her head into the curve of his neck and called softly in her sleep.  The sound was new to him and he liked it.  He arched a wing over her back and let it settle on her bare skin.  Without feathers on most of her body, she needed other coverings to keep the cold away, but the coverings had fallen off in the night.  They were warm and soft, her coverings, but his feathers were softer and warmer.  He curved his wing more tightly over her, felt it rising and falling with her breaths.  He pressed his side against hers and closed one of his eyes.
All John’s muscles clenched.  “Please, don't be ill."
I don’t think so.
"I have a sub-zero freezer off the lab.  It may damage the tissue, but considering the animal's adaptability, I believe I will have to keep it frozen," Sherlock explained, "so the sooner we get home, the sooner it can be frozen, too."
I turned and observed the ominous, sable-clad figure gliding towards us.  I could see now that his cloak was trimmed with black feathers as well as his cap.  There was not a hint of colour on him, but his mask, which was hooked onto the belt at his hip was silver as were the numerous rings on his fingers.
“I’m going wherever you’re going,” John said through clenched teeth.
“Ever?” Puck enquired.
Sherlock flew, landed on John’s shoulder.  It was cool.  He walked across John’s cheek.  It was salty beneath his feet.  He felt John’s breath against the scales of his nearest wing.  It was warm.  He meandered through John’s hair.  It was silky.  He drew blood from the lobe of John’s ear.  It was sweet.
Wiggins made another hole and Charlie shoved his torch down into it.
I glanced at Sherlock again.  He had a twin, or, I should say, a triplet to it that I had not marked earlier.
The whole vestibule reverberated as though the bell were directly above me.
All seem to say
“Good deduction.”
“Incredible,” I mumbled when I had nearly finished chewing.  “Are there juniper berries in it?”
“New friend?” John asked.
It took a while to catch my breath.  When I could lift my head, I kissed Sherlock’s cheek.  “Have we slept a hundred years?” I whispered.
“It’s another possible explanation.  Mustn’t rule anything out yet.”
Molly waved at me and smiled as she hurried across the room towards Greg.
John looked pointedly at the violin case Sherlock was carrying.  “So, what have you been up to and why do you have your violin with you?  I’ve never seen you take it out of the flat.”
I’ve seen the moon rise many a time, atop mountains, beside the sea, through bedsit windows, but it had never seemed so large or so bright.
"Naturally," I said and slipped carefully off the table.  The floor was very cold.  "You wouldn't know where I put my shoes?"
“Up,” Sherlock called from somewhere ahead.
John looked at how they were seated and smiled.
As my eyes were shutting, I had half seen a word or perhaps a name on the packages’ wrapping.  There had been a hyphen.  My brain wanted to know more about this name word.  I took a deep breath and told it to never mind.
Sherlock had one leg over the railing around the bandstand, but he stopped and lifted the camera again.  “Oh,” he whispered.
Ms Swann’s eyes were wide when she turned to Sherlock.  “No!  I…my reasons haven’t changed.”  She took a breath and looked back at the water.  “Whether the swan is a previously unrecorded mutation or hybrid or…” She waved her hand.  “…doesn’t matter.  I’d thought it might be a possible explanation for…”  She fell silent.
Sherlock gazed at me from his chair.  He plucked another string.
“Like tonight,” he affirmed.
“According to her and her ‘spirit guide’, you weren’t among the dead.  How could she know that?  I thought then I had stumped her.  Even later when I spoke with the Morrows and the Knights, I thought that however she had managed what she had managed with them, she hadn’t been able to come up with anything plausible to say to me about you.  Then, two years later you pop into existence in my study.  And that’s probably why I didn’t have a seizure or go berserk instead of merely fainting when you did it, because I’d had that hint from her, that suggestion that just maybe, you really weren’t in the land of the dead.
"The road was a ribbon of moonlight over the purple moor..." is from
“I hadn’t had anyone to bring in quite a few years, but then Old Doctor Hooper died and we all went,” Mrs Hudson said.
Alan hesitated before taking a couple steps inside.  “I don’t want to keep you.  I saw the lights on when I was rowing home and I thought Madeleine was in.  Do you know when she’ll be back for good?”  He looked from Sherlock to John and back.  “I miss our boat rides.”
“I didn’t…I didn’t know,” I stammered.
“Last week, I watched a video of the Matthew Bourne version.  It was a present.  I get a lot of presents with a swan theme.”
I did not rush after him; my brain and my body were slowing down.  I needed to last just a little longer.
“I believe I heard someone pausing at our door,” he added.
Ms Swann got up, went into the other room and came back with a large sketch book.  She handed it to Sherlock and returned to her seat.
For all my internal dialoguing, I was sure I had not missed him making me an offer of the job and yet he seemed to be saying it was mine for the taking.
Sherlock gestured with his left hand.  “The moon will rise over the trees there.”  He flung out his right.  “And it will set there.”
There was a draft.
He paused and I caught up with him at the top of a flight of stairs.  He plunged downwards, I proceeded with care.  The torchlight had provided a glimpse of steps with furrows worn smooth in the centre, their surface glistening with moisture.  The temperature sank as we descended, the damp air surprisingly fresh.
“With a troop of his friends, I’m guessing,” John said, trickling a bit more milk into the dough.
I shook my head slowly.
“And did he like it?” Sherlock asked.
The one exception to the pipes melodious sounds was when I stepped on a thorn.  I had troubled myself to don my shoes when we resumed our journey, but the thorn went right through the supple sole.
Like an arrow, I sped down the moonlit slope after a shifting shadow and into the dark beneath the trees.
Sherlock barely heard the words.  He felt the vibrations of sound, but then John’s tongue was against his stinger.  He drank from its surface before stinging it and then he found a place so tender on its underside that when he withdrew the stinger, he could not bring himself to move away, so he bored into it again, a little deeper, and yet a third time.
Sherlock tapped the touch pad a few times and hit pause.  “Here.  Watch from here.”
The only colour to be found was the scarlet of Holmes’ dressing gown, and I fell to observing the shift of the silk across his shoulders as he made minute adjustments to his microscope.  Now and then, he turned to take another sample of soil from the open packet on the table and I would gain a glimpse of his profile, the lofty curve of his brow and the flutter of his fingers as he brushed back an errant curl from it.  He had not pomaded his hair into submission upon waking.  The corners of my lips lifted.
I tipped my head back.  There was a night sky painted on the ceiling.  Several bird skeletons were suspended from it, wired in perpetual flight, their bones catching the light.  It had been years since I had dreamt of flying.
I tasted the mead and hummed in appreciation.
John’s hand slipped down between them to Sherlock’s thigh.  “Thinking a lot about sex were you?” John asked.  He brushed his hand over Sherlock’s erection.
I took it and ran after Sherlock.
John set the sketchbook aside and did the same.
Sherlock swallowed the sound, pushed against that arch and spilled more liquid heat between their bodies.
Sherlock’s breathing deepened, but his colour didn’t improve.  He slumped against me.
“Good morning, John,” Mrs Hudson said as I joined her, shutting the laboratory door behind me.  I had noticed that I did not care for its light shining into the library, as though the two aesthetics should not intrude on one another.
The manuscript over which I was pouring was primarily a treatise on ailments and injuries of supernatural genesis, although a few of the most common ills that flesh is heir to were covered, too, as well as when the one exacerbated the other.  Each section concluded with one or more recipes for antidotes or other treatments. Their pages had a number of stains on them that spoke of practical usage, and I wondered whether Sherlock’s experimentation had been the cause of some of them.  Lastly, the chapters ended with music to be sung or played during the preparation and administration of the medicines.  Sometimes, the same melody worked for both phases of treatment, others specified different songs.
This route had not been my solution.  I had suggested we follow the corridor west that I had seen between the walls of the library and the music room.  I was pretty confident that I had spied the way to re-open the door to the library and it seemed logical that there would be doors to other rooms along the brick-walled hallway I had glimpsed.  My answer had gained an approving nod and Mr Holmes had confirmed that it would have worked.
The walls outside the cage had given way to pale, dressed stone.
My back stiffened.  “Figuratively?” I whispered and knew I was wrong.
John draped his jacket over the back of a desk chair and headed for the kitchen.  “I’m far from an expert.”  He dropped his mask into the bin and put the kettle on.
Simple was good.  Daily lessons with Mrs Hudson and an hour or so of practice in the music room or up on the roof had brought back most of the rudimentary skills I had once possessed for making a pleasant sound on the strings of a harp, but it would take much more time for me to be able to tackle anything more than a simple tune.
Mike had a smile on his face when he turned around.  “Thank you for joining me for this,” he said, walking back from the edge of the platform to the table.  “They appreciated hearing from someone with field experience.”
It was the sounds of pipes, high and clear from across the water, that had roused me.  Over the cloud of dark curls by my jaw, I peered along the bank.  The sun was lower, golden between the trees and across the rippling surface of the pond.  There was a fragrance upon the breeze.  I took a deep breath and Sherlock stirred.
Maybe.
“She’d entitled her music, ‘Prince’.  Appears she doesn’t care for Prince Siegfried’s given name and went with his title.”
I looked sideways up at him.
Carefully, I lifted the pouch with my pipes over my head, set them on the desk and hurried after Sherlock into the steam.
The other hearth was narrow and low.  Above and to each side metal doors of various sizes were firmly latched.  I supposed they were ovens or warming niches.  The room didn’t feel like it had ever been a kitchen, although I supposed it could have been.  The design of the ironwork was old and heavy, but I didn’t see any rust or even ash on it.  The hinges caught the light a bit – well-oiled, I thought.
He was gesturing towards the water where a dam of branches and hard-packed soil stretched from our side of the water to the other bank.
His brow furrowed as he played on.  “I could not take either of you with me,” he replied, “but a wooden flute is a sturdy and portable thing.”  He stood up and made his way about the room, swaying slightly as he went.  “The music always brought you close.”
I sighted along the line of Sherlock’s forefinger.  Halfway down the long wall of windows, a shapely woman in silver robes was settling into one of a pair of high gilded chairs situated on a small platform connecting two window seats.  Her fair hair was swept up and held by a diadem of gems that scattered light as she tilted her head upwards.  Her gloved hand was held aloft by a tall, snowy-haired man whose sumptuous cloak glimmered darkly as he released her hand with a kiss.  Their elegance would have made them stand out even without the raised platform.
John had gone back to the shop.
I moved with him, nodding my agreement.  The echoes of Culvert’s words receded.
Mrs Hudson was taking a more leisurely approach to examining her card, but she would turn it over eventually and that was going to be embarrassing.
“I was more fatigued than I realised,” he replied, holding up a small flask.  “But you won’t need a week.”
She heard a splash and looked towards the river.  The black swan bowed to her from where he floated on the water.
“At the moment, you are, for the most part, a female honey bee laden with so much pollen I’m surprised you managed to fly at all,” Mycroft replied.  “Had Puck been there before you?”
“John!” he protested and wiggled.
The vision of Sherlock without his sheet flashed before my inward eye.  Might he have drawings of a more private nature in mind?
Archie came through the door backwards trailing the long willow branch behind him.
Sherlock took a few steps toward the front door.  Kit and Midnight followed him.
I shook my head.  How I had missed that the figure in the glass was hers I couldn’t fathom.
“You could sing, of course, but I think the harp will be more effective.  Don’t you?”
“A new lock of hair in a new piece of jewellery for each anniversary,” Sherlock explained.  “Watch fob, tie pin, ring...”
“Maybe they died and whoever was clearing things out didn’t care about old papers...” I began and slipped another layer off.
I could not argue.  My muscles relaxed further with each degree the temperature climbed.  My leg was hardly troubling me at all.
His other eye looked straight up.  His lips, rather than being drawn back in a rictus of agony, seemed to smirk at us.  Considering how close the quillons were to his brow, the blade was likely to have reached the back of his skull.  He couldn’t be alive, and yet his open eye was so clear, the blow must have been dealt only minutes before.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes.  “He might be bluffing.”
I opened my eyes.  “There are others?”
“Sherlock,” I whispered.
A hand closed about my wrist like a vise and his eyes opened.  They were clear and very bright.
I inhaled sharply, keeping my eyes open as wide as they could go.
I leaned over the bank.  Lacy tendrils of green floated just below the surface of the water.  They were a lighter green than the plants at the foot of the river stairs.
Baker Street awaited us, quiet and dark except for the lamp in the hall.  The mood of our carriage-ride stayed with us as we mounted the stairs.  Outside the door of the sitting room, Holmes turned to me and uttered one word, “Port?”
I shook my head.  Don't know.
Sherlock walked past me, kissed both his parents’ hands in a demonstration of how it should be gracefully done, and exchanged some quiet words that I could not hear, although I felt sure they were in a language I had not yet learned.
He brought his hand up to my mouth.
“What have you taken for the pain?” I asked, from the basin where I was scrubbing my hands.
He raised a hammer, brought it down on something in the fire.
"No," Sherlock said and stood.
“Does the elder sister not intercede with her son on her younger siblings’ behalf?”
“Don’t leave me, Sherlock,” I whispered.  My leg burned and a tremor ran up my arm.  I buried my face in his hair.  It smelt sour.  “Fight it.  Fight it for me.”
Sherlock was not sure John would wish to be kept.  He seemed too volatile to be confined.  And yet, he had held out his hand, turned his mouth to be kissed.  Sherlock rubbed his hand along the pollen-covered bark of the branch, held up his hand and licked the palm.  There was no mistaking John's taste.
I tilted my head at Cattus when I passed him walking beside the donkey cart.  On the other side, leading the animal, was a husky man I assumed was Mato.  The cart's lantern lit the planks of the dock to either side and a good distance ahead.  I did not care for the way it made the darkness beyond look denser.
Sherlock turned towards me, his hands gathering the hem of his shirt.  “You could sing them off, you know.”
The flames licked and climbed, bright and warm, and then warmer, hot and then hotter, like the sun at mid-day.
I washed Baskerville's trough and filled it with kibble.  The sounds of the preparations seemed to have distracted him from his melancholy and he addressed the food with gusto as I refreshed his water.  It was a routine I had witnessed often enough in the kitchens.
The man’s lips drew back from his teeth.  “You was to be the Guy, mate,” he said.
I sampled something long and thin, like a finger, that turned out to be pastry full of ground nuts and honey.  I chased it down with the wine.  A small hum of pleasure escaped me.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow slightly.
The screen lit up.
Drink, drink.
“Four,” Sherlock replied.
“They’ve been here that long?”
I was listening to the voice by my ear saying, “Lie down in lavender,” while the confection melted on my tongue.
“There is a strong erotic component to our relationship,” he stated.
“Dull speaker,” he said.
A pair of sleek animals, harnessed single file, trotted briskly east in front of the carriage with two creatures tethered behind.  I assumed their journey must be long to bring two relief horses for the team doing the pulling.  After a couple furlongs, all four creatures spread wings.  The carriage rose into the air.
By the gate, we dispersed to wait.  Mato fed his donkey and the rest of us leaned against the wall to take a bit of rest, except for Sherlock, who checked each of the knots attaching the net we had used to lift the beast from the river to the posts of the cart.  It made me wonder whether Sherlock was convinced the animal was dead and whether he thought it might be able to untie the knots if it was not.
The light caught his eye over the rim of the crystal and I had the impression again of seeing the face of a clock in it.
He lifted his head at that.
“We were all sorry not to meet you last year,” she said, “but it was good you and Mr Holmes saved the wee sea serpent.”
I followed their grain upwards to where branches spread out onto the ceiling.  I guessed that the green and gilt leaves that sprouted from the wooden arches were painted plasterwork.  Between them, the ceiling was a patchwork of blue glass lit from above.
Out for cleaning?
“My costume is all black, tights, shoes, headdress, everything,” Ms Swann continues.
“Doesn’t come when he’s called?” John asked, thinking that he knew what that was like.
He meandered back into the sitting room, picked up a card and stared at it.  “So, what is?”
What had brought on this change in activity, I did not know.  I pushed back my chair and secured the harp from my room with all due speed.
John didn’t look away.  “Do I have to sell a kidney to help pay for this or did you get the owners here off a murder charge as well?”
“Not for me, it doesn’t.”
Yes. Well.
The river seemed very wide and the breeze over it very cold.  The moon was setting to my left when I spied a flickering light swinging well above the water line.
Holmes opened his mouth and I raised my hand to stop him.
“And enemies?”
“John,” Greg called when he spotted me crossing the street.  He stopped at his car.  “Better you than me, mate,” he added when I joined him.
“Perhaps it’s just as well,” Sherlock said.
“And there,” he whispered, pointing towards the southwestern corner of the roof.
Culvert eyed the silven beast clambering up Sherlock’s side.
“Did you press him as to the identity of these minors?” Holmes asked.
Sherlock glanced their way.
Yeah, mine, too.
“What do
“Oh, he did do well, didn’t he?” She put her arm around Kit’s shoulder.  “I told you you needn’t be nervous.”
No, not alone at all.  His partner of the moment had been wild for him but the dancer's eyes had stayed on me the whole time.  Skin gleaming, eyes gleaming, his panting loud above me.  I had reached up, touched his thigh.  Into whoever was on my lap, I had come.  My eyes had closed.  When I’d opened them again, my dancer was gone.
The chill midnight air was a balm on John’s flushed cheeks.  He left his jacket half-open and strode alongside Sherlock, destination undiscussed.  John hummed one of the melodies from the restaurant.
“You think there might be something else of interest in there.”
“Not here,” he replied and stepped onto the narrow causeway, one foot in front of the other like a gymnast upon a beam.  At his ankles, the wings of his sandals opened, beating downwards with each of his steps.
John looked around the room.  “Last time something was taken from me I was sent away from everything else I knew.  This time, I did it to myself.”
“Send him away, Mycroft,” Sherlock insisted.  “Send him to me.  I would have him.”
Seemed like agreement to me.
I pressed up against his balls, teased gently along his cock, pinched very lightly at a nipple.
“When I reached Baker Street, I left him on the rug by the fire, swaddled in my scarf and sleeping.  Chapalu came up from the kitchen with Mrs Hudson, sniffed him out and they both adopted him there and then,” Sherlock said, unlocking the door with a huge, black key.
I felt colder than before.  I was not sure what he would say.  I knew what I would say should he ask.  I waited, looking out at the stars.
Around us, leaves rustled.  I could not see any sign that we were still on a canal.
Behind me, I heard the door close.
“No.”  Sherlock gave one of his gargoyle smiles to Wild Eyes, pushed back his chair, gripped my arm and led me away.
“Their interrogation technique was counterproductive.”
“But not now,” Mrs Hudson said.  “I have some news to share over our dessert.”  She lifted the cover and revealed three golden apples that appeared to be floating in a sauce of liquid gold.”
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
I smacked the book in my lap shut, let my head fall onto the back of my chair and closed my eyes.
I threw the stick in the direction opposite to the unknown animal and Baskerville swerved to follow it.  Unfortunately, the other animal changed course as well.
(See the end of the chapter for
I don't know.  Maybe he needed a poisonous fish.
“Do we have time?” I stammered.
“Indeed,” Sherlock replied.
Why would I learn a song?
The wood of the third arrow parted with a sharp crack.
"But why bother, if there's no one left behind to be comforted by the ritual?" I asked.
“The ointment you made.  I’ve used it morning and night as you said and it worked.”  She swayed her hips once more and sat down, grinning.  “I’m going to try it on my feet next.  Dance takes an awful toll on feet.”
“The moat wasn’t what I expected,” I said as I caught up to her.
"The folks with the broken cart?" I asked and then I saw the gleam of a pair of golden eyes beneath the trees and felt sure.
I went and sat on the coffee table facing him, nudging the sandalwood box out of the way.
Sherlock squinted at the screen and re-played the clip of CCTV footage.  I leaned over, but couldn’t see much at that angle.  Sherlock handed me the phone and started for the bridge.  “You were right, Lestrade.  Unless this turns out to be a very elaborate publicity stunt gone wrong, this might be a ten.”
“It’s too heavy for a desiccated foot,” I said, peering at its lock.  I lifted the box higher to see if a key might be attached to the bottom.
I nodded and took Sherlock’s arm.  Together we eased into the throng.
I sat back in my seat.  “You never did tell me why there were those similarities between that music and yours.”
Thirst awakened the swan.  He raised his head and peered in the direction he usually took to the water.  It seemed too far that night.  The dead twigs and dried leaves beneath him were warm.  The feathers along his back where he rested his head were soft.  He let his neck sink back onto them.  A memory of the soft space between his mother’s wings drifted through his mind and he stretched and curved his neck until he found a similar place on his own back and closed his eyes.
Sherlock's eyes slid towards me, an odd expression flitting across his face.  It had already vanished when he continued speaking.  “You’re missing my point, John.  The shapeshifter is a living creature with the familiar motivations living creatures share.”  Sherlock jumped onto the platform.  “But what is this supposed to be?"  He gestured at the crouched giant made of resin and wire.  "How is it capable of motion?"  He peered at the bald pate, into an ear.  "What initiated its movement, if some mechanism makes it capable of motion.”  He studied the musculature of the heavy thighs, the knobby expanse of the nearest knee, then leaned very close to the enormous face of the hyper-realistic nude, taking out his magnifying lens and peering at something in the vicinity of the mouth.
I scratched under his chin.
The light was dimming.
“No, I’m not denying that,” Sherlock said, his brows drawing together.
I knew the tune though.  “That’s the
Mrs Hudson shook her head.  “Quite the opposite, dear.  That was Sherlock snatching you back from him.”
To my side, Charlie and Archie hummed as they arranged more wood in the ashes of our quenched fire.
I cried out, stretching my arms towards him, berries falling through my fingers.  I stumbled.
I ran a comb through my wet hair, eye on my vague reflection in the steam-fogged mirror.
“Good dog,” I gasped, bending over and resting my hands on my knees to catch my breath.  “How on earth does Mrs Hudson keep up with you?”  I gulped down some more air.  “Or do you not take her on such a run?”
In some effort towards external verification, I extended my hand past the parapet, snagged my flesh on something sharp.  I swore under my breath.  The moonlight showed the jagged scratch clearly.  I touched the ridges of torn flesh, felt the sting at the contact, the wetness of the single bead of blood.
Instead of embarking on my exercise regime immediately, I went back to my tasks in the laboratory and the library.  I explored more fully the databases to which Mr Holmes subscribed, some of which I had not thought were open to outside researchers and others of which I was certain were not, in between the timed observations in the lab.
“Yes, Captain.”  He gave me a solemn salute then a smile and trundled his barrow towards the next sconce.
Nothing new.
“The transition can be disorienting,” he said, pulling himself up to full height.  “What did you see?”
“Already?”
“Humph.” John slid into the taxi after Sherlock.  John found he had no patience for hailing a cab himself anymore.
I know, but what is it all?
“You wanted to carry on with your life.  Fair enough.  We all make choices.  So, he gave you blood.  Just a little, mind.  Mixed it in with whatever your doctors were giving you and so you healed.”
I got up and stood next to her chair.  On the card she held was one of the many likenesses of Sherlock I’d found in the deck, this one loosely wrapped in a cloak of purple trimmed in ermine, his long neck and one bare shoulder revealed.  On his dark curls, sat a crown of silver and diamonds and he looked out from beneath it with a cold, piercing gaze.  I had wanted to stroke the card, too.  The fur and the fabric looked so real, and the bare skin they encircled was the exact shade of flesh upon which I have bestowed innumerable kisses, but the hard glint in his eye had held me back.
“Raise your arms, then.”
“Their pallid imaginations do so yearn after us,” Sherlock said, walking to the tip of a leaf.  “And with all that desire gathered in one place, I thought they deserved a glimpse of the real thing.  Don’t you?”  He waved at the stem.  It snapped and he drifted upon it to the next branch.
“Come here,” the king said and gestured at his side.
He looked at me quizzically.
The room was pleasantly warm and the bed looked very comfortable.
It was mid-morning and I was still standing.  Greg had led me away for breakfast in the canteen before he left for New Scotland Yard and after several cups of tea and another bottle of water, I had not felt that bad.
“You were wary of her,” Mrs Hudson said.
The full moon hung above the trees, huge and brilliant.  Beneath it, the fire roared, licking up the trunk of the oak.  Its bark had turned to burning embers.
The murmur of farewells took its place.
Slowly, the butterfly progressed towards John's mouth, began stinging around his lips.  They seemed to swell.
The room spun when Sherlock stood.  He stumbled and fell to his knees, rested his head on the mattress.  That was much better.
“I was so tired,” I said.  “She scampered off and I slid down the trunk to sit here.”
“That’s not what you see though,” he added, his eyes narrowing as he scanned my face.
“While you were sleeping.  I have a couple Irregulars keeping an eye on this house as well,” he said.
I opened an eye.
He grabbed my sleeve.  “Come, Doctor Watson,” he said.
Sherlock touched the thorn to his tongue.  “Someone else stepped on this and cursed it,” he said, and licked the length of the thorn.  It hissed.
She looked down at Kit.  “You come with Mrs Turner and me when we head to the kitchens.”
“I looked to Mary.  There were tears on her cheeks as she regarded her friend.  Kate was dry-eyed and her shoulders were less hunched than they had been when we arrived.  Mary pushed the pistol gently back towards Kate, who shook her head.  I took the gun off the table, checked the safety, and put it in my pocket.
Sherlock nuzzled the crease at the top of John’s thigh.  John pulled his legs up and apart.
His head whipped around.  He had heard it.
I started thinking about how long it would take a liquid to seep through the packaging if the word-name was that of a laboratory or a purveyor of chemicals and the tumble from the chair had broken anything inside.
“But you held your tongue,” Holmes surmised.
I had turned again, more slowly, know he was inside.
There had been other times, when the dark was too dark.  Like the night I made Harry stay at my hall of residence because everything felt wrong when I had walked her down to the door.  Harry had looked at my face and hadn’t argued, which was quite unlike Harry.
I watched him, tall and lithe, turn from it and I strummed the strings of the harp a little faster as I gazed at him.
“Yes.  So, Madame Willow picked up the frame, considered the photograph a moment, then looked at me.
I snatched my outstretched hand back to my chest.  “Right.”
Preparations for the ball conclude.  Their entrance is made and several characters are met.
"Greg," I whispered, as though calling out might alert something I did not want to hear me.
“Yes.  From the air, one can see all four when they are alight.”
“Oh, there’s Miss Turner,” Mrs Hudson said.  “I want to get her golden apple recipe.”
“Give it to me!” the man yelled.
My eyes searched for the landmarks they knew so well in vain.  None of the coloured lights that garland a city street lent their glow to the view below me.  No headlamps reflected in shop windows.  No well-lit buses growled by.  Only the moon outlined the bare crowns of innumerable trees and elicited a faint glimmer from a waterway that wound beneath them and out of sight.
I crouched closer.  Glanced about, narrowed my eyes at the shadows.
“I don’t know,” I said.  “Sherlock found a box of stuff by the kerb yesterday.  It had an old book on top that he wanted, so he brought the whole box home.”
“Oh, that is a failed experiment of mine.  It would have been fascinating, but it didn’t work,” Puck said and reached for the glass.
“Ah,” Kit sighed.  “Everyone would have been charmed.”
Behind them, church bells began to toll.  Sherlock checked his phone.  “The hour has struck,” he said and turned back towards Ms Swann’s flat.
"Her territory," Sherlock said softly.  “That was why we didn’t bring weapons.”
“Hark how the bells
Sherlock did not answer.  We glided beneath the bridge.  There was no further challenge.  When I looked back, the light was gone.
“Now,” Sherlock said.
His shoulders relaxed.  “Yes, well, fairy gold is an illusion, a glamour.  It has its uses, of course, but that’s not what these are.”
“Not a lark, then.”
Nearly.
Two dark eyes peered back at her.  They came closer.
The soft leather shoes were very similar to the ones in which I had danced, but with less embroidery.
“That’s quite the pick-up gambit,” John murmured.
John had to laugh.
I looked at Sherlock.
You stepped over the places where they had been and offered me your hand.  I clasped it to my chest and we danced as the harp and the violin sang and beneath our feet the rocks cracked and the clay and the chalk and the earth bloomed.
He rolled it along his shoulders, as John’s fingers slipped behind his balls.  Sherlock raised his hips.
The tips of her wings were still touching the water on the downstroke.
Sherlock ate the toast he was holding.
“I doubt the actors were equally delighted or did you charm them?”
Behind us, Wiggins and Bert did the same.
She raised her plate.  “This goes with it and there’s a teapot to match over on the counter, a little one, just enough for two cups.”
“Hard to be unobtrusive with a head of hair like that,” John said.  “Not ideal for shadowing someone.”
The fabric of his shirt was stretched across his shoulders and the breeze had ruffled his hair, forming his curls into a wild halo around his head.
The antique shop was lit mainly by the light from the display window shining through the dusty air.  Far in the back, a green-shaded lamp shed a yellow rectangle on a desk piled high with books and boxes.  Between the daylight and the lamplight stretched shadowy shelves that rose to a panelled ceiling through which a spiral staircase rose.  John tightened his hold on the pot of sage.
I felt a throb in my groin.
So much happened at the ball, that it seemed best to turn
“It was this house that Dr Adamantine hoped to be given, not merely because it is in London, but because he wished to look for these.  There was always the chance that they had been at Usher and therefore were no longer a threat to him, but it was equally likely that they were somewhere in the city, in a safety deposit box, with a solicitor or among the papers here.  If we had not been with Corvus, Adamantine would have inveigled his way into this house and tried to search,” Sherlock explained.
“Later,” he said.  “Try them.  Choose the fingers.”  He moved his own slightly and the metal tinkled.
“Right, of course,” I replied.  “So Billy doesn’t stay here, I take it,” I said, admiring the cherry tomatoes and walnuts, yellow cheese and capers amid the green leaves.  “This looks delicious.”
Beyond them, I saw the trio of blokes getting to their feet.  The pale fellow in the middle was hooking his arms about his companions’ shoulders.
“Not built yet.  Well, not above ground,” Sherlock replied.  “But this is the best time to climb to the hill.”
He smiled.  “Some of the ingredients are several centuries past their use-by dates, so it would be.  Does that enhance your enjoyment of it?”
I clambered up the ladder and looked down the dock to where Sherlock was already dissolving into the darkness.
John kissed at the base of Sherlock's neck, beneath the hair.  With each touch, his muscles relaxed a little more.  "I think we leapt right over that stage," John said.  He kissed behind Sherlock's ear.  "I'm not worried about being trapped."  He licked lightly along the edge of Sherlock's ear.  "There is no need to bind me with spells or silk,” he whispered, “I want to be with you."  John rubbed his cheek against Sherlock's hair.  "Didn't I offer my hand to you?  Serenade you from my window to call you back to me?"  John curved his hand under Sherlock's jaw, stroked along it with his thumb.  "Maybe I have ensnared you.”
He started it.
In the bright electric light, the passageway appeared reassuringly empty, so I switched the pot back to my two-handed carrying position and made my way to the apothecary.
“Do you think we should ring for another pot of tea before you begin?” Holmes enquired.
He dashed out of the room.
“But Puck,” Oberon said, raising his forefinger, “a count must be decorous and neither caper nor cavort.”
“There was a bit about wasps and bees eating larval flies,” I said, setting down my folder and going to hang my raincoat on the sitting room door.  “But I suppose you already know all about that.”  I heard him snort.  “There were some new genetic tests discussed at another panel that I had not read about yet.”  I heard papers rustling.  When I returned to the kitchen, he was staring at my drawing.
“Like a peacock,” John observed.
“We should go,” Sherlock said, without conviction.
“New season, new fire,” Sherlock said.
I whirled around.
“Or if you take your shoes off,” he added, prying the map loose from the wallpaper, Blu-Tack point by Blu-Tack point.  “Hand me the scissors.”
“’I would like to know whether Isa is at peace now.  Whether the cravings have finally gone away,’ Kate had replied.
Sherlock hates to be bored.  Everybody who knows him knows this.  Even the wall knows.
“That is where we are going,” Sherlock, said as he drew away.
“They can’t have me.  That role is for you.”
“No,” Sherlock said.  “As far as I know, her last litter was when Mrs Hudson’s grandparents were children.  Mrs Hudson handled most of the feedings and Chapalu took charge of homeostasis and grooming and when Baskerville got older, she taught him to hunt.  I think she considers him to still be in training.”
He held the fragile saucer and circled it gently beneath his nose.  “You went to Summer last night, too.”
It is just as well that he cannot truly read my mind.
One of the double doors facing me was obligingly ajar, letting in a narrow bar of bluish light that revealed the deep reds of the Persian carpets which muffled my steps.  I moved closer and opened the door wider.  A profane exclamation escaped me.  Before me was a laboratory, not quite as well-equipped as the labs I had toured a couple days previously at Bart’s, but damned close.  On the centre table a fine microscope took pride of place.  Beside it was a box of slides, two stands of stoppered test tubes and an open notebook.
I heard a faint click.  I turned with a smile to find Wiggins standing near the hall door, a number of garments draped over his arm and a large serving tray in his hands wafting the smell of breakfast towards me.  My smile disappeared.  He stood still, as he so often does.  He gets a lot done, but I rarely catch him at it.  He regarded me unabashedly.
“He doesn’t believe in the emotion, nor Mummy either, as far as I can tell.  But Father understood the plea being directed at him in the sorcerer’s rhymes, and, against my counsel, granted it,” Mycroft said.  “You saw some of the later plays at court.  You must recall.”
“Perfect,” Sherlock said.
“Mm.”  He stretched over the bench and brushed his hand along the wall.  Several bits of stone fell onto the cushions covering the ledge.  Deftly, he plucked them from their tufts, waving the aromatic flask about as he did.
He turned and peered from underneath the towel.  A huge moth was circling the globe of the ceiling light.
Corvus and his horse were standing perfectly still facing it.
“God, yes!” I pushed my bum up at him then bit the side of my hand to regain a little control.  “I still want an answer.  I’m not going to forget.”
My demure pursuit ended in the darkest corner of the room.  I pressed my palms flat on his chest and parted the feathers further.  My mouth joined my hands.  Suckling and nipping at the skin I laid bare, I chased the chill on his skin away.
“My god,” I moaned, eyes squeezed shut as he let me go with a lick.  “That was…that was…”
“A couple minutes…”  He looked up at the winged creatures flying through the starry sky of the ceiling.  “I’m supposed to tell you at this point that you could withdraw.”   Their chariot disappeared behind a cloud-shrouded moon above the doors leading out to the double staircase to the roof.
Two days of Sherlock leaping across ravines rather than rooftops, extolling the eloquence of mud as he went, had frayed my nerves more than a little.  I draped his garment bag over a desk chair and let go of my case next to it.  I wasn’t sure I was going to make it upstairs, but the case and I definitely weren't.
“Yes, very well,” I said after a brief pause to assure the steadiness of my voice.  I took the knife lying next to the parcel and slit the envelope open.
“Feels beautiful,” John gasped.  His hand stroked and grasped and stroked again.  The flex of his thighs lifted them both to their knees.
“Mr Morrow delivered all this information stoically, but the strain of doing so was etched on his face.  By his side, his wife cried without making a sound.  The shipwreck had occurred a year prior to our gathering and they despaired of ever being able to lay their son’s body to rest in their parish churchyard.  The shipowner had lost all interest in searching for the ship once the insurance had been paid and the Morrows knew not where else to turn.
His smile grew wider.  “Apparently so.”
He laughed, open-mouthed and mocking.  “Are you really a dancer, Doctor Watson?”
“I hate to rush,” I whispered at his ear and resumed humming.
Yes, but he does.
I slid along the bench towards that side, pulled my dagger from my belt and severed the nearest two.  Two more curled about my forearm.  Twisting about, I grabbed the knife with my other hand and pinned one to the wood.  The other released my arm, rearing towards the hilt of the dagger.  I switched hands and sliced it open as it waved.  It slipped back into the water.  I peered cautiously over the side to check whether anything else was slithering up the hull.
“Ta.”
I stood to have a look at the titles and he waved me back down.  “Leave it for tomorrow.  Refresh yourself now.  You may need your strength.”
He lowered his bow hand and laughed.
“Over the mantelpiece.”
“Your blood always works a treat,” he replied.  “I still haven’t identified exactly why.”  He reached past me.
“If he was in it somehow, the barrier wouldn’t have let it through,” I said in a rush.
“Do you want to check my legs, too?” he asked, knee bumping mine as he swung his leg to the side.
So, it does.
"Nominally, yes, but they're all idiots," Sherlock said.  "Unbelievably slow and they've no imagination when it comes to thinking where to look for things.  Well, you've met some of them."
“My beloved,” he finished, interrupting my equivocations.
I scanned the roofline and indeed, to the north, at the corner, a tower, such as I imagined the outside of the one whose stairs I had climbed with Sherlock looked, rose above the level of the parapet by several storeys.  From it, if I had been looking west, I should have been able to see over the wall into the courtyard below, but I had observed nothing.  I supposed that at night, if no lights burnt in the Manor, there would have been nothing to attract my attention and distract me from my goal of not losing sight of Sherlock’s retreating form.
“Eldest nephew,” I supplied.
I interrupted a stream of wine trickling from the urn of one of the wine-bearers with my goblet.  Wine ran over the rim.  I steadied myself with one hand on the table and tried again.  My cup filled.
My shoulders slumped.  I reached for my cane.  It was not to hand and I realised that I did not know where it was.  I grabbed the railing instead.
and sat up in bed reading.  One paragraph held me captive, and I kept re-reading it:
“Are you real?”
I licked my lips.  It was true; he could.
It flared as I watched, throwing sparks into the darkness, throwing light on the clay walls that carried on down the incline and the stout timbers that divided the clay into sections.   The flames settled.  The walls were lost, once again, to darkness.
The next pot was silvery and covered with designs.  Its handle was also metal in the shape of a swan’s neck and head.  She tutted at it.  “We need to retrace the inscriptions on this one, they’ve nearly been polished away.  I haven’t used it in a while.”  She sighed and glanced at me.  “There’s so much to look after.”
Sherlock had a memory of barely clearing the tops of the hissing streetlamps he was using as a guide home and of gratefully crawling into a hollow knot in the first tree he encountered inside the park.  He held a five-fingered hand near his head.  He saw multiple images of it.  “There were no fresh traces of his light,” Sherlock said.
There were berries and pieces of fruit small enough that I could not tell what they were at a glance, so I sampled them, one by one.  Pear, blood orange, white peach and pomegranate.  Their juices mixed together like an elixir.  I took sips of wine between bites of fruit and at the end I chased the last pomegranate seed around the bowl until I had caught it and swallowed it.
“Until now,” I added.
He narrowed his eyes at my hand.  “You prefer a gun, but you are not unfamiliar with a bow.
“Oh, that’s not my heart, it’s John’s,” Sherlock said.
We rocked on the swells and the air grew brighter.  I snapped my head from side to side.  Both banks were lost in darkness, but over our heads a full moon shone amidst a sky full of stars.
Chapter 10 prompt:  #15 (Jolly)
“Good,” Sherlock said and glanced upwards.
A tunic tumbled over my head, the nap brushing past my ears, smelling of sunlit grass.  It settled on my shoulders, heavier than the linen, and blocked the faint chill the breeze had left across my chest.
“My mother.  Father simply likes the cakes.”
“Astronomical, I should think.  The resemblance is extraordinary.” I watched his eyes rove over the image.  I held up the magnifying glass.
I draped the cloth over my shoulder and felt along the edges for some kind of fastening.
I took a deep breath and let it out slowly.
I grinned at Culvert.  “I’m in remarkably good form,” I said and directed my gaze to where my silver dagger stuck up from the floor.
He nodded without raising his head.
I nodded and she disappeared down the stairs.
“Then Mary took something out of her bag and set it in front of Madame Willow.  I recognised one of the framed photographs from my desk.  I kept two there, in identical silver frames - the ones you gave us as a wedding present.  I suppose you thought they would be for a portrait of Mary and a portrait of me, but I put your photograph in the second one instead.”
No, no, it's something else.  I don't know what.  OK, fine, I was a little curious.
Culvert shook his head.  Bells jangled.  One fell off and clattered on the floor.  His eyes slid to it and back to Sherlock.
“Eye, eye, not hand,” my brain nattered.
I hunched my shoulders, squinted my eyes nearly shut least their gleam betray me.
“I didn’t get your permission,” Sherlock said, continuing to file away.
“Not a competent one at any rate.” I tried not to show how very pleased I was to have my usefulness in that regard acknowledged so openly.
I opened my other eye and studied her back.
“Last night,” I replied and I could see them again.  I had moved close enough to put my hand on his shoulder as he played, to rub along the heavy wool and over the astrakhan collar.  His hair had grown long; strands of it were entwined with the curls of the fleece.  I had stood there, my hand wandering over them to the rise and fall of his notes.
I love the grass whereon he goes,
We descended via a third route that led to a small corridor outside the kitchen.  I checked on Mrs Turner, who was perusing a very thick, very old book of what appeared to be hand-written recipes and managed to escape the kitchen without being fed anything else.  I did take a cup of coffee with me though.
He stood then, facing me, one hand running through his hair.
“There’s hunger,” I whispered, “and then there’s
John tilted his head further back.  He could see the pinkness around Sherlock’s eyes.  “We should go home,” he said.
“Black swan?”
“It’s a big park, lots of space for a dog to run without being near the waterbirds,” John grumbled.
My left hand had not trembled in over a year, but I clenched it by my side in case he was checking for any sign of vulnerability.  I sincerely hoped that he couldn’t do anything close to what Sherlock could with regard to my thoughts, and yet, looking at his eyes, I thought that he might be able to.  The notion wasn’t pleasing.
“Help me turn her over,” she replied.  “One of the most interesting features is on her back.”
Sherlock crammed the last leaves into his mouth.
“Because you were confiding in me,” John said, steadying the plate and sliding up into a sitting position.
“Drink.”  In my head, a chorus of endearments clamoured to be spoken.  I said again, “Drink.”
Hypnotists, mesmerists had figured in the stories.
I smirked.  “You think of me as such a randy bloke?”
“After that first evening, I would find the swan on the canal every day when I came home.  I didn’t usually see him from the bridge, but by the time I had come inside and opened up the balcony doors, he would be there.  This went on for more than a week and I made a point of bringing home the bread he liked and a bag of lettuce and I would feed him from the balcony.  Then one day, he wasn’t there.  I’d come home early, so I waited, checking every so often, but there was no swan.”
“What makes you so sure?” Sherlock asked, eyes trained on me.
“Sit, Baskerville,” my host said.
He wound his scarf about his neck.
I could feel it.
“Patience isn’t my strong suit,” Sherlock said, attempting a smile.
I felt Sherlock nod again.
“Patience, John.”
“I was nearly forty when I met Frank in New York, definitely old enough to have known better, but I didn’t.  He was a handsome devil,” she said, carrying on without further prodding from me.  “A real charmer and we, well, we couldn’t keep our hands off of each other.  It was years before I realised he was involved in drug dealing.  So when he got arrested for killing a few of his competitors and it looked like he was going to get off the charges because of a lack of solid evidence, I called Sherlock.  He’s always helping the police out.  He helped the Florida police out and practically walked the prosecutor through the evidence.  So Frank didn’t charm his way out of that one,” she concluded and took a long drink of tea.
“Zoonoses,” I managed to say and took a fortifying breath.  “A fascinating area.”
John squeezed his eyes more tightly shut.  There were colours behind the lids.  “On those terms you think you want me?”
Yeah.
I nodded my head slowly as I took it in.  We had not discussed our itinerary past the time in Montpellier, although there had been some passing reference to taking our time and stopping one or two places on our way back.  It was just as well that I had already sold my practice to young Verner.
I put my hands over my face.  When I’ve been wild, when he’s been away, when I have lain, sated and breathless beside him, there have been times when I’ve begged him to do whatever he wanted so long as we didn’t stop.
“I always dreamt that I had,” he said.
His head rested against his forearm; his mouth open as he panted.
He let go of my hand, strode to the edge of the circle, stooped then stood up straight with his hand raised above his head.  It looked like what he does with police tape around a crime scene for me to walk under.
“Golden rose!” Sherlock exclaimed around the edge of the door.  He slipped past it and shut out the blue light of the lab behind him.  “What is the occasion?”
Mrs Hudson nodded.  “Come down and have dinner.  We’ll open the windows in here and find you some clean sheets.”
The carthorse plodded into view, harness jingling.  The man who had wept, looked straight ahead as he led his horse towards the mouth of the northern path.  His companion rode in the wagon garlanded with ivy.  She was gazing back at where the fire had been.
The setting moon glimmered silver in the older Holmes’s eyes.
John nodded, pulling his jacket on as he stood.  He zipped it up partway.  They did have to walk out past the other customers.
The air was colder on the other side, the moon brighter.  Its light revealed a narrow ledge ending in a single course of rough-hewn stones that did not rise above my shin, which appeared to mark the edge of the roof.  I stepped over the threshold.
"You see the lacerations on the limbs..." Sherlock asked.
“Experiment done?”
“No,” Sherlock replied dryly.  “I have succeeded in avoiding these gatherings for years and become something of a curiosity as a consequence.  Unfortunately, I cannot avoid attending when my parents host one here.”  He rested a hand on my shoulder as I reached the bottom.  “Wait a moment.”
I felt him securing more ribbons at my wrists.  I was going to be quite the maypole by the time I was dressed if we kept on at the same rate.  I stretched out the arm whose sleeve ribbons had been tied and noted the drape of the very full sleeve.  They’d be great for gesticulating while delivering a speech I supposed, but not so grand for climbing trees or vaulting fences.  I examined the long ruffled cuff closed by the three bands of ribbon and the small opening below where the sides of the cuff had been drawn together.
I had to smile picturing that.
The willow quivered in my hands.
Sherlock left his camera to dangle about his neck.  “Quick, John.  It’s time we introduced ourselves.”
Oddly, no.
The man moved away from the edge of the bridge.
"Is it a river?" I asked.
Meanwhile, my guides had already crossed the road and were rounding the corner.
“You haven’t read up on the fae yet, have you?”
Sherlock was staring at me when my gaze shifted to him, his hands full of map.
I focussed once more on the hall.  It seemed my diagnostic skills were being tested to see how broadly I could apply them.
It was no more.  Where it had been, ashes smouldered.  Above it, the moon rode high, a small white disc, half obscured by the clouds scudding past it to the south.
Well, we walked right by on my tour last year.  Every other nook and cranny had a story attached.
“All right,” I said to both of them.
The laugh came out a bit strangled.  “Should we take the candle with us?”
When I caught up to him, he was lifting the cushion and bench lid beneath the stained-glass window of the forest glade, but instead of an image in glass, the window was wide open, the sunny woods themselves revealed beyond.
“Come,” Mrs Hudson urged, turning away and heading across the grass.
As carefully as I had shifted my weight, the boat rocked more with my movements than it had with Sherlock's.
“No one else can have him.  I found him,” Sherlock said.  It was not good to talk to Mycroft in his current condition.
"Excellent," Sherlock said and strode over to the cart.
“You didn’t get immediate results with me,” Sherlock pointed out.
“Which meant something to you,” he said.
“But she would have given him that years ago,” I said.
John’s eyes were wide.  They were a fine shade of blue.
He considered the drawings.  “Great likeness of Sherlock, you caught that superior expression of his, but Christ those veins are creepy.”  Greg glanced at the painting of the skull and the skull over the desk.  “Fits right in though.”  He nodded, looked at each of us, opened his mouth, closed it again.
“Other doors?”
Sherlock gripped his shoulder.
I wiped my forefinger on my shirt a few times, stuck it in my mouth then dabbed at the drop of blood.
I squeezed my eyes shut.  “I hated myself for that and I hated you for making me feel that way.”
“Flowers,” he said.
I stretched, joints cracking, water drumming on my face and chest.  We were coming closer, Sherlock and I.  Each melody I mastered, each book I read, each chase on which he took me, especially those, shrunk the distance.
Sherlock ambled past her as though he had no particular destination in mind and John followed.  Beyond a short wall with a mirror and a little table underneath with keys and gloves on it, of which Sherlock took note, the room opened up.  Most of one wall was bi-fold doors, letting in a remarkable amount of light for an overcast afternoon on an autumn day.  Beyond the doors, the metal railing of a balcony was visible, cutting through the vista of trees beginning to turn colours in the gardens across the canal.  The canal itself wasn’t wide enough to show itself at that height, but the openness of the view and a certain shimmer to the air gave its presence away.
“I can tell you what you can do.  You can stop being dead.”  John half turned away, the whiskey hot on his tongue.
“Well, the police haven’t turned up.”
I stared at him, pale and beautiful in the grey dawn.  “I’m glad you got to Afghanistan in time.  Both times.”
John looked down at the table and shook his head.  “People say all sorts of things when they’ve had one too many.” He wiped away a circle of condensation from the wood. “Anyway, I can see why the estate agent told her she’d have to paint the whole place magnolia before putting it on the market and I can see why she showed him the door.  I’m surprised she didn’t shove him out a window.”  John crumpled the wet serviette.  “A lot of it’s Gabriel’s work, her sister’s grandson, if I’ve got the family tree straight, the rest was done by his classmates and friends.  She clearly doted on the lot of them.”
I remained still.  It was true.
He doesn’t have to do it aloud, like me.
“Free concert tickets?”
It was more like patrolling than walking.  John brought his gun with him more often than was perhaps wise, took the bus rather than the Tube, left work before or after rush hour whenever he could.  If he had told anyone, they would have thought him paranoid.  He did not care.  He could feel it.
“What do you think that object you started to unwrap is?”
I nodded decisively and took his hand.
“I noticed the glass bricks in the walkways,” I said.  “I thought they were for decoration.”
“True.”  He placed the metal back in the fire, worked a bellows to make it burn brighter.
“You are,” she agreed with a look of great satisfaction.
“Baubles,” Holmes said, “that they were able to trade for freedom.  I imagine their only other option would have been to go live with their sister, where there is no evidence that they were particularly welcome.  Or, I suppose, they could have tried their hands at being governesses.”
“Lift your legs now,” he thought at her and she did.
Sherlock glanced back at John for a second.  “That would be one possible explanation,” he said, returning to look through his camera.
John peered through his glasses at the birds on the water.  “He’s not there.”
“But he’s a wild bird, not a pet.”
He caught only a glimpse, but he knew the shape of those lips.
“Did you dream, John?” she asked softly.
“It’s been so quiet without either of you here,” she said.  “And not even a phone call after everything we’ve been through.”
Throw cares away…”
Madeleine shaded her eyes and watched the bird until it disappeared beyond the trees.  “It’s so peaceful here this early.”
I stared.  Exiting or entering, Sherlock enjoys making an impression.  I hadn’t had the privilege of that view before, but I knew I would be able to draw it.  Anytime.  From now to forever.  From memory.
I reached out towards them; inserted a finger under one of the pointed leaves.  “It’s carved of holly wood?” I asked Sherlock, but the leaves rustled their answer first.  “These were here last year?”  They answered that question, too.
I looked across the huge stretch of moonlit grass.  “If I take the lead off, will you come back to me when I whistle?” I asked, fervently wishing I had learned some tune to summon animals to my side.
“What was that?” John asked.
I whistled at the gate when we drew near.  As it swung open, chain hanging down and dragging along the asphalt, I noticed the padlock on the ground.  It had not occurred to me that my spell did not include locking and unlocking, merely opening and closing.
John took out his phone, swiped the screen a few times.  “Her?”
“I don’t know yet.  As with the others, the victims had been in the water for a while, the photos Lestrade sent were from a distance and taken in poor light by the night watchman who noticed the remains.  Not very helpful.  What was left of the bodies have been found washed up on the foreshore of the river, so it may be something that swims or it could be the river was simply used to dispose of the remains,” Sherlock replied.  His voice grew fainter; he was moving away.
Indeed.
"The short answer is that we were killing the creature that attacked us, at least I think it's dead," Sherlock said, "and I think it is what has been chewing up the corpses floating onto our shores of late.  When I get a good look at what I'm hanging onto, I may have some theories as to how this has been happening."
“You want that up front or back with you?” the cabby asked.
I took a glove off and stroked along her trunk.
No.  Not that I’ve done much of that.
“Who hasn’t had an erotic dream?” John asked, bunching up the wrapper and shoving it into his pocket.  The waterbirds continued to look at him expectantly.
I clenched my teeth.
“Ah, there you are,” she said, setting a tray of covered dishes on the table where she had set the tea tray down the evening before.
“Interesting,” Sherlock said.  “The adrenaline would have helped you.  It has the opposite effect on some individuals.  We need to explore this, but for now we need it to stop.  Do you want to try your hand at it or shall I?”
“Do they all have crowns?” I whispered as I looked down from the gallery.  “I feel underdressed.”
I took the basket from the table and followed her to the door.
“Maybe she’s worried the mystery man might be lurking about.”
Sherlock began a stealthy ascent.  “We’ll appeal to her civic spirit if she mentions it when she brings up tea in the morning.”
“Above us there had been a whirring sound and we had looked up as a drift of swans flew past the moon and I had wanted to sing,” I said.  “I had wanted to sing to your music, but I didn’t know the words.”
“Good,” he said and smiled.  He looked tired and said he was going to sleep.
I glimpsed dark patches on his white shirt.  I was at his side, my hand beneath the coat in an instant.  His shirt was damp and perhaps of equal concern was how heavily he leaned upon me.
“I didn’t lose it.  I know exactly where it went.” Sherlock rolled his eyes at me.  “Your parents staying long?” I asked, rising cautiously to my knees.  No light-headedness.
“I don’t know.  Our design wasn’t finished; you were ill.  I needed to protect you.”
“All roads lead to Rome,” Sherlock said, handling the reins with that gentle facility that he has with animals.  “Very few roads lead to Usher Fell.”
I didn’t ask how he knew what I was thinking.  He does it so often, I’ve become inured.
He stretched out, legs spanning the space in front of us, head resting on the back of the seat.  Each streetlamp we passed threw its light across the pale skin of his throat.
“You didn’t have time to make this,” I said, squinting at the red jewels embedded either side of the golden head.
She smiled.  “Oh, from time to time he sleeps a whole day and night through, but many’s the day he only catnaps on that sofa for an hour or two or even not at all if he has a particularly interesting case.”  She poured some water from a jug and motioned for me to eat.  “I always worry when he goes away on his consultations that he won’t bother to sleep or eat.  He comes back so pale and drawn.”
“It is for certain creatures.”  He sat back down, lower on my legs this time.  “I’ve made a couple significant mistakes, I’m afraid.”
Full half of the moon hung above the treetops, casting shadows beyond the firelight, outlining the trunks of the eastern trees in pale grey light.
I knelt before the hearth, balancing log against log until I had a pyramid of birch. Tendrils of smoke rose from the ashes remaining from our earlier blaze.  I hummed as I tucked scraps of bark and broken twigs between the logs until low flames licked the papery bark.  I stood then, leaning against the garlanded mantlepiece, watching the bark curl away as the flames danced.
“Who?”
Sherlock pushed back against John.
My brow furrowed.
“You’d recognise my parents or Mycroft.”
I turned towards two women across the room who were looking in our direction and whispering avidly.
I pressed my lips into a thin line.  A growl of frustration escaped anyway.
“Steady,” I said and smoothed my hands along his hips.
I heard a car door slam.  “No,” I whined.  It was barely a word.
“A bed’s better than a chair, but I shan’t be comfortable,” I complained.  The lack of a proper respite after our last case was beginning to make itself known.
“So, I called my neighbour, Alan.  He keeps a boat down in my storage space, his flat doesn’t have storage on the canal.  In return, I get to use the boat.  Of course, I check with him first.   That day, he was preparing to go rowing and I asked if I could come along.  I’ve told Alan a bit about my research and had mentioned that I’d seen a swan on the canal recently.  We rowed west to the footbridge to Harrow Road and turned around.  We were almost back here when we heard the sound of wings.”
John reached up to the long throat and stroked it.  “I have no sympathy for them.”
The weight vanished.  There was a brush of wings on his chest and the stinging began again.
He hunched over me, fingers digging into my shoulders.
“Stay still for a while,” I said and held him tighter still.
Sherlock tilted his body and glided.
Sherlock soared and swooped, wheeled in some vast arc.  “With your delicious blood,” Sherlock said.
The curtains by the balcony doors flapped.  A damp breeze brushed past the soles of my feet.
Sherlock smiled.
I patted his shoulder.  “All right, Corporal?”  I peered over his head into the bushes.
She smiled and blushed.
“Yes.  Well.”  Sherlock took a sip of tea.
We passed under the archway, the daylight fading behind us.  Faint patches of light coloured the floor; in the distance, candles were being lit.  A dark-robed figure emerged from the shadows and crossed the nave well ahead of us.
“The promise of spring in the middle of winter,” she replied, smiling.  “To go with the golden apples dessert.”
His hand was on my shoulder.
Sherlock tugged John to his feet.  “Best not to risk losing one’s doctor,” he said and winked.
Fine.
Just as well.
The police car in front of 221B didn’t have its lights flashing.  I walked a little faster nevertheless.  The front door opened.
I watched him stride from post to post as though they were so many stones in a brook and then jump down to the shore.  He turned and waved me on before setting off at a run.
“Text while we walk.  She did, and it won’t take her long to get there from the zoo.”
There was an urgency in his voice and I always respond to that.  So, I lifted my sleepy head.
“Inborn charm,” he said as though classifying a specimen, “always the most effective.  After that?”
Sherlock latched the window.
The barman took his order, set the drink in front of Sherlock.  Sherlock paid with large, gleaming coins.  The barman scooped them up eagerly.  He did not comment on there being far too many.
I rubbed my hand over my face and let out a long breath.  “No, no, only a dream.  Not even one I can recall that clearly, there was only a flash of it.”  That I had felt with my whole body.  Fortunately, I was seated.
“John?” Mary asked as she opened the door. “What brings you here? I haven’t seen you in ages. Not since...”
"Sherlock?" he called worriedly, already pulling out his phone. The doctor paused, however, upon hearing a soft, muffled shuffling sound coming from the bathroom. Frowning slightly, John hurried into the room, not even bothering to knock.
So, so sorry for the wait.
He carefully helps the omega to the bed and gets comfortable with him in his arms, "Please, tell me who did this..."
Sherlock woke up to his alpha holding him, "Shhh Sherlock. It's okay, I'm here now." He didn't even realize he was crying until John wiped away his tears, "I won't let them get you again."
"I’ll be in the sitting room when you’re… finished. You okay?”
A skinny, pale hand sat on top of the alpha's, "No, John. It was their fault..."
"Deep breaths, Sherlock. It's okay, you're gonna be okay." He needs a doctor, but I can't let him be taken away from me.
He just nodded and his breath hitched, causing a burning feeling in his chest. Sherlock lifted his good wrist to his chest and held it there.
"I'm fine. Thank you. I'll uhh... Be out in a moment." John stared at his omega, eyeing him with a skeptical gaze.
"Sherlock!" John yelled and ran over to his mate, "What the bloody hell happened to you?" He is very careful to not cause him any more pain as he helps him to his chair
"J-John..." He closed his eyes and started crying more, "Get them...please..."
It was working.
She glared at the doctor and, for a split second, he remembered why he loved her so much. She reminded him of Sherlock with her ability to defy orders and display signs of the alpha that she yearns to be.
"Well, I don't. Just leave me alone." John left the room, sad and upset. And Sherlock felt bad. He wished that he could run up to him and hug him and tell him all about it. It might be out of character for him, but that's really all that he needs. All that he wants. He knew where John was going, that's really what hurt him the most.
John couldn't help but to laugh. Although it was true, the water and soap would only worsen his already terrible condition. They both have to put up with the smell for a while longer, "I know you do, but I can fix that when you're better."
Sherlock pinched his eyes tight as he felt the fingers multiply and the prickle of tears burned in his eyes so he bit down hard on his lip. It hurts. A lot. He tastes blood, but doesn't let up.
"I'm not hungry." He repeated and curled into the fetal position on the bed.
He met the man's gaze as he continued to thrust into his body and the grip on his curls grew tighter, "You've got a good memory, yeah? Seems like a posh little prat like you would. Remember this every time your little Johnny fucks you, yeah? Every time he thrusts his cock in your pretty little ass," he punctuated his words with another animalistic thrust, causing Sherlock to cry out, "remember me! Remember how good I was!"
"Sherlock, shhh. It's alright. It's still alive. I can smell it, remember? It smells alive and fine. I'm more worried about you..." He looks Sherlock over and tears come to his eyes, "God...you look terrible..."
The alpha put down the brush and lathered his hands with soap, running them along the detective's body slowly. He gently massaged his shoulders in hopes of relaxing him at least a little bit.
He nodded, looking back up into the detective's eyes, "This is going to hurt, love." He kissed his head and started wiping down his wounds with several different creams and medicines. Every so often, John heard Sherlock wince and suck in a breath. He left the bite mark untouched, it's too soon to try and get rid of it. He'd risk the lives of both Sherlock and the pup and that wasn't going to happen anytime soon. So, he went to work on setting his wrist and icing the bruises on the man's body.
