"Sherlock I...can I stay here tonight?" he croaked, expecting a grin, deductions a mile a minute or sarcastic, scathing remarks but NOT expecting Sherlock's eyes going soft and worried and nothing but a nod and a soft "of course John, your room has never been touched except for the occasional cleaning and you should know that you are always welcome for as long as you like, you are very welcome to stay whenever you like"
He gulped. He wasn’t sure he…but…what other way would there be? Good God, pull yourself together Sherlock! “I…John…would you please penetrate me?” he asked, quickly, closing his eyes.
with you – just as friends. I…I know, once you’re back and okay you’ll be…well, you again and won’t need me and it will break my heart! Sherlock” he whispered now “Please…I remember what you said at our first night out at Angelo’s and I respect that! But I can’t… I just CAN’T- you mean too much to me, I’m sorry.” He ended his speech, lamely, cringing and looking to the ground.
His eyes were all soft again, his John, soft Jumpers John, John who cared for him, stood up for him, stayed beside him against all odds, married him.
He shook his head vigorously. What a load of bullshit! His sister came out when she was fifteen, he had been only eleven back then, and he only remembered his parents not taking it extremely well and that she had moved out shortly afterwards. And getting into contact with the wrong sort of people. Not that he ever blamed it on her being...what she was, mind you, but...
“Shhhhh” John wiped the sweaty curls out of his face, trying to calm him down with a shaky voice “It’s…It’s alright love…just go easy on me please! But go!”
The lead carries on as his normal everyday personality for a bit so John is left with this damned image in his head! In fact, he could picture Sherlock PERFECTLY in stockings and..oh god even WITHOUT  a G-String or anything else on his perfect arse “Oh fuck I´m in trouble!” he thinks and puts a handful of crisps into his mouth, just to make sure he absolutely won´t be able to speak even if his inebriated mind wanted it to because god, that would only be bad bad and bad right now!
"Oh FUCK!" he found himself moaning and banging his forehead against a wall. It was this club, the music, all this...all of these
John didn´t. He led Sherlock up to his bedroom, tucked him in once he had changed into his pyjamas and then climbed into his side of the bed, keeping a respectful distance. He still couldn’t sleep. Of course he couldn´t. The man he loved - wait! His best friend - he sighed-yeah okay, let´s face it, his best friend that he also loved, had loved for a very long time now, had nearly been raped (and killed! His mind thankfully provided) today, of bloody course he couldn´t sleep! He looked at Sherlock´s back. He wasn´t sleeping either, obviously.
do is being here for you, taking care of you, even hugging you when things go pear shaped, cleaning up after you and loving you
"Yes, obviously you would...and then come back in whining about how bees are evil creatures and I'd have to tend to you for days on end"
The lights changed immediately and as soon as John heard the first chord and Gloria Gaynor's soft voice singing "I am what I am", he knew he was
“Oh Sherlock!” John kissed him again, deeply. “My best days are long behind me and you are a young, utterly gorgeous man. Your skin is creamy white, it goes on and on and I want to kiss and taste and lick every inch of it! I think I will, in fact!”
"God you are such a good little soldier with such a tight and beautiful arse, you could nearly make me forget my duties over fucking you" he panted out while pounding into him, fast, hard, but precise as ever.
Sherlock bent down again to kiss him, shakily, and, purely by instinct, moved a bit further forward. And a bit more. And a bit more. He shuddered violently when he felt himself fully wrapped up in John’s body, and, looking down to where they were both joined; he felt an enormous wave of heat nearly overpowering him. But John…John! John was gasping and grabbing for him and the kissing made this weird, tight feeling even more glorious and then, suddenly, John moved his hips and Sherlock gasped and…
And then a shot and a shout disturbed the silence of the pool, Sherlock felt the grip on his hair loosen and turned his head, opened his eyes to find - John!
When John had kissed his hipbone however, he could not hold back anymore and he all but screamed out: “please John, PLEASE!”
"Sherlock" the man held out his hand for him to shake. "J..John" he hesitatingly shook it, and Sherlock nodded, eying him curiously
stage is open again, daring dancers and musical wishes are most welcome - the first of the evening has already been made, and you will no doubt be most pleased to hear that it is one of our favourites, the ever-graceful, the glamorous, the unique...SHERLOCK!"
“Sherlock, I know what you mean, but sex, right now?! Let´s…let´s take it slow okay? You´ve been through a hell of a lot today darling!” and he kissed his cheek. Sherlock suddenly turned around “Darling?” he inquired and John blushed. Sherlock looked and looked and…”but you said you´re not gay!”
He was half lying on John now, lips on lips, slowly, carefully at first, lovingly, then gradually growing more passionate and suddenly John sucked on THAT spot on Sherlock's neck and he moaned while John chuckled lowly against the detective's sensitive skin
“Sherlock?” Johns soft voice whispered and he only pushed his nose further into John´s pyjama clad chest.
Desserts gone as well as two bottles of wine, John felt enjoyably dizzy and relaxed and he thought this might just be the time to adress...
, it was just a bit too much for him to take in, nothing more! He'd be fine as soon as he would be out of here again!
"Not someone" Sherlock interrupted him "you John, I trust you. Always you. And Mycroft has plenty of copies in his office, don't worry"
“Sherlock! Oh God Sherlock, I love you so much! I’m so sorry it took me so long, I’m so sorry it took
"Jo...John?" Mike finally managed to say "Mhyeahwhat?" John made, still not being able to draw his eyes from the vision that unfolded itself in front of his eyes "the man you wanted to stay here for..please don't tell me it's him?!"
! Now is not the time toooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooogooooood!” he shouted when John suddenly swallowed him whole - literally! - and only John’s strong hands kept him from bucking his hips further up into that hotwettight heat that was John’s mouth.
" Mike said "the young man the ER had in and out over the last year for drug abuse? For literally every single drug there is? And quite a few more they didn't even know of yet, probably because he brewed them himself? THAT'S HIM!"
“Sherlock…Oh God Sherlock! I am…god you always called me an idiot and I really feel like one now, I can’t think of what to say and I…” he saw Sherlock opening his mouth and put his index finger onto his lips “Shush! I wish I hadn’t killed that bastard so quickly now! He deserved torture, a slow death! But he is gone now and I beg of you to at least try and push him into the very back of your mind palace! I’m telling, no,
“I…Jesus Sherlock I didn´t want to…I just wanted to know whether I should check…anywhere else. Is it…was it just the shirt, did I…did I come in time? Oh GOD please tell me I came in time!”
“John?” he rasped, getting on his knees because the friction of his cock against the sheets combined with the sight in front of him would kill him otherwise, he was almost sure of it. So he knelt. Between John’s legs, his beautiful penis jutting up proudly, dark pink, veins standing out and leaking and John suddenly withdrew his fingers but tilted his hips so Sherlock had an excellent view of the widened, pink hole, slick with lube, and he felt his cock throbbing even more. “Come here!” John commanded, and Sherlock slipped onto him, moaning when his member collided with John’s but letting John kiss him nevertheless
The tears running down Sherlock’s temples were absolutely and certainly not his as he answered: “Yes John! It always has been you and it always will be! No one else will ever have me, body and soul, but are you sure you..”
John was, to this very day, sure that this was at least partly responsible for his PTSD. He dreaded reading the rest of the mail, and most of all what Sherlock had thought reading it, but went on nevertheless. “anyway, there´s this sort of “superhero” and his mom was a dominatrix with sort of superpowers and his dad was a policeman and the kid himself becomes a superhero when…ah well, just watch the damn thing, really, do it, I fucking dare you! If you make it to the end without dying of laughter, all the pints at our next meet-up are on me, and make your flatmate Sherkan or whatever his name is film you so I have evidence! See ya mate!”
then again, a bit softer "No. I'm...I'm glad you're here Sherlock! You...I...do you know what I dreamt about?"
John was already throbbing with arousal and Sherlock could not deny the effect that sight had on him.
“John!” he gasped, trying to get him off “John!”. Said man popped off with an obscene noise that made Sherlock go beet red “I…I…” “yes love?” John purred and kissed him again with that oh-so-filthy mouth. And Sherlock LOVED it! “I” he gasped “I..need you to..” “Yes Sherlock, use your words, come on!” John teased, while licking and nibbling at his neck again. He was fully aware that both of their cocks were leaking now and he took a brief moment to eye and memorise John’s. Not quite as long as his but wider in girth, pink, shiny with precome and more erect than should be possible for a man his age.
"Oh..oh no, I'm not..I'm here because of a job, I'm a Doctor, you see?! I'm not...one of you" he garbled and immediately knew that he'd said the wrong thing when the face of the barkeeper darkened
They moved in together the next day and John never looked back ever again - well, unless to peek at Sherlock's glorious arse
"You absolute IDIOT!" John cried out and hugged Sherlock so hard to his chest that it nearly hurt. He felt John's tears soaking through his shirt and then felt hot, wet kisses being pressed onto his chest up to his neck, his jaw, his mouth.
Just when Mike turned to leave, the Music went quiet and the bartender who had not only given John his beer but also quite the talking to before, turned to the Microphone
After a while, he felt that John's tears had dried against his chest and he was shaking his head so he let go, his heart breaking.
Sherlock looked up at him with a vulnerability in his eyes that his smug voice could not entirely hide and John all but fell to his knees, crawling towards the fort and hugging Sherlock’s angular form to himself tightly.
John blinked again and then, for the first time since...ever, really, accepted a cup of tea from Sherlock, who sat down gingerly in his seat across from him, eyeing him curiously but also-could it be-scared?
"mind.blowing.SEX!" Sherlock growled and bit John's neck slightly which had him moaning and arching his back into Sherlock.
he sounded so panicked and innocent that John just couldn´t help but smile and dsmooth a thumb over his cheekbone “but…but tonight…I was so afraid! Not of dying but…but…” his voice died, choking.
He even shut his mouth occasionally when John just wanted to watch some mind-numbing telly instead of yelling at the screen and/or spoiling the end of a film for John. So far,so good.
Diving down low, he almost swallowed John's whole length down in one go, sucking hard and humming at the same time and this time, John didn't object in the slightest but instead kept writhing underneath him, head hurling from left to right and moaning Sherlock's name.
"I tried not to see it, I tried everything to deny it ever since you said you were married to your work and I pretty much said I was straight. I tried to be a good mate, a good assistant, and when you...when you..where gone" he choked out "I tried-oh GOD- I tried so hard to forget you and to honestly love someone else and I and I..."
"need your help" he mumbled, already throwing things around the living room, making rather more of a mess than cleaning said mess up
Sherlock found it hard to breathe and started to shiver violently, only John's hand on his back stopping him from falling down and blacking out.
“I always thought of him as a sort of equal-the brain- it was a contest, wasn’t it?! But then…then...he not only brought you into this, my most vulnerable spot, my very heart, but…” he shuddered. “Say it love, say it!” John urged him on “He…John… he wanted to have me! The ultimate defeat. Have me first, rape me. Rape me and then kill you. I couldn’t…I couldn’t!” and he hid his face in John’s neck. John felt a hot liquid running down his neck but didn’t comment - he clearly wasn’t done with his story yet.
approximately 1.3 minutes after that, John just oggles the screen, whispering “No..no..what the??!!” and Sherlock remains oddly quiet, except for the occasional chuckle. Normally, he´d have pointed out the logical flaws in the movie about fifteen times. And that goes for a NORMAL movie! From what John can tell so far, this is everything BUT a normal BBC movie. They´re only five minutes in and the acting, the dialogue and the “special effects” are so laughable, they aren´t even funny anymore. Or rather: They´re SO damn bad that it´s nearly funny again. John feels the beginnings of the dope to hit just as the lead character transforms into a superhero by…PULLING USED WOMAN´S PANTIES OVER HIS FACE?!!! He coughs wildly and doesn´t even notice when Sherlock takes the joint away from him to suck on it himself. He keeps spluttering, between laughing and disgust and just plain disbelief. He hardly notices Sherlock clapping his back so he can get his breath back but then utters “what the FUCK is this Sherlock?! Seriously, WHAT?!” they look at each other for a second and then both lose it again “How can he possibly..mistake that for…” John gasps between fits of laughter and points at the screen, Sherlock just mutters “no porn my ass, I´m just waiting for him to fuck that girl over a desk” and John suddenly chokes. “EXCUSE ME?!” Sherlock looks innocent as ever and just makes “hm? What John?” There´s silence for a second, then John decides that he definitely heard things that weren´t really said because of the (okay, he admits it, fairly strong) dope and says “uh..nothing, forget it” and tries focusing on the movie again.
He grabbed a muesli bar out of the cabinet and made his way to the door, not without looking sternly at Sherlock over his shoulder and pointing a finger at him, saying "oh and make no mistake, we WILL talk about that "Surprise" again tonight you utter madman!"
There was a long moment of silence but then Sherlock suddenly spoke up, his usual, energy-filled, booming baritone voice shy and tiny “But John! I have changed.
He didn't bother knocking, he went straight up with the spare key he still posessed but found the flat empty.
Just like that, the classical piece ended, and so did Sherlock's performance, but he did not leave the stage. Instead, he picked up the microphone from the bartender and shouted, over the thunderous applause, "Yes, thank you, thank you and all that, however, I'm not quite done yet. In fact,
“Oh Sherlock!” he heard John sigh and then felt him shuffling, getting closer to him, face to face, chest to chest, his arms around him, drawing him in until all he could smell was John and safety and all he could feel was John´s hand in his curls, his breath on his cheek and the light kisses he occasionally left there.
He had never, EVER expected it to be that good. And it was even better! For a few seconds, he was almost sure that this was a dream, another one of his perverse, forbidden fantasies that he occasionally indulged in, but no…
"First time here, love?" he asked "Don't worry, you'll relax after a bit, we're all very friendly here" and he handed him his pint over with a wink
He snorted, rose an eyebrow, and huffed disgustedly at the first ten or so websites until he discovered a post on a website called "tumblr" that caught his attention.
“Oooh Sherlock, I´m so glad we´re finally alone, your little pet is nowhere to be seen and I´ve got you all to myself! I think I´d rather like to see you, feel you, taste you
John thought of the mysterious Sherlock who had disappeared into the crowd and found himself saying, quite against his will, "Um, listen mate, if it's alright with you, I think I'd rather stay here for a while, would that be okay?"
He passed Sherlock on his own way to the bedroom, kissed him on the cheek and whispered "go and get comfortable love, be back in a tick"
“I…I just…no sorry, it was a stupid idea, forget it!” and he tried to turn his back to John but he held him back, one hand very softly stroking his wrist
“I might not be as smart as you two fuckers but I´ll be damned if I ever not get my best friend out of trouble you fucking bastard!”
And then John couldn´t talk anymore because Sherlock claimed his mouth, inexperienced, but with passion and love, eager beyond belief, kissing and sucking and tasting him as if he wanted to devour him whole.
Despite everything the man thought he might have wanted the night before, John still shuddered at the thought of it, the way Sherlock had looked at him, hurt and lost and…
He suddenly shook his head at his own sillyness and was at the point of abandoning it all when he remembered John's disappointed face, sighed, and thought again.
"Thank you" John whispered into his ear "you were right. I like that and I think you like that, too. But not tonight. I want us to finish together, want to look you in the eyes, see you as you and want you to see me as me, want to make love to you. Is that alright with you?"
so...SO! he decided, he would give John the very best first-wedding-anniversary in the history of first-wedding-anniversaries!
have changed me, didn’t you see that? Last night…I…I…see” and he swallowed, hard. “It’s hard for me to…feelings and all that, I’m not used to all of this, I…” and he looked down as John looked up, saw him waving one hand in the air, uncertain movements, fitting his own insurance and he just knew. In this moment, John Watson just
He shortly frowned at his mobile, wondering whether he should text Gavin and ask him, but considering that he and his wife didn't have the most successful of marriages, he soon gave up on that idea. Asking his brother was not even nearly an option and seeing that it was already half past eleven, Mrs. Hudson surely wouldn't appreciate it if he barged into her bedroom right now. (Also, of course, her marriage hadn't been strictly successful either, even though her late husband was a rather clever criminal and it had been an interesting case to-'bit not good Sherlock!' said the voice of reason in his head that sounded like John and he abandoned the thought)
“Do you want this, are you really sure you want this? And with me?” John whispered in his ear “and not just because of what happened but because you really want it? Please, please, you have to be sure, it would break my heart otherwise!”
He closes his eyes for a second and tries to tell himself that this is just because of the drugs, just because..just..because of Sherlock talking like that, loose and having fun and clad in nearly see-through clothes and silk and so close to him and warm and watching..well, basically borderline porn with him and because he´s a genius and John hasn´t had sex in ages because Sherlock interfered with all his dates, with all these boring perfectly fuckable women and because he´s saved him from committing suicide over a boring life and given him everything he wanted and because his breath is on his neck right now, hot and warm and ..what?! John jumps out of his considerations and finds Sherlock´s face an inch away from his own, looking concerned. “John? Are you okay? I asked you twice whether you wanted more water but you seemed to be in your….mind palace” Sherlock smiles softly at him. God those eyes! John was fairly sure it is some super-rare form of heterochromia, since the colour of his eyes seemed to change with the light and..huh?! he jumped back again, this time, Sherlock snapped his fingers in front of John´s eyes “John..I think the drug might have affected you more than you thought, maybe you should go to bed” “No, NO!” John protested, waving his hands “look, I´m fine, I just..thought about something..just..yeah..let´s get on” he thought he saw a glimmer of..something in Sherlock´s eyes for a second but dismissed it quickly. Hell, even if he was..maybe…well..oh for fuck´s sake, so maybe he was..bisexual or just..Holmessexual (he giggled slightly at his own bad pun) the man would never reciprocate so why bother?! Let´s just have a nice evening with a mate, yeah, yeah, that´s it and nothing more! He eased himself back on the couch only to feel Sherlock´s thigh pressed against his and a fluffy blanket over him all of a sudden “Sherlock?” “you´re cold” he murmured. He considered their new position for a second and then just shrugged, stuffing his mouth with more crisps and kept on watching. The “perverse hero” was now facing someone who claimed to be more perverse and therefore more powerful. John just shook his head and accidentally buried his nose in Sherlock´s shoulder “this is too bad to be true Sherlock” he giggled and he felt and heard the man laughing in return. He was back to his deep, rumbling chuckle and John felt it all the way through his body so he quickly lifted his head and looked back to the screen where the two enemies were actually talking about the sizes of their respective genitals right now while wearing basically nothing on said body parts “the poor bastard!” Sherlock suddenly said “it doesn´t need a consulting detective to tell he´s got nothing to be proud of down there”
John mentally commended Sarah for being refreshingly straightforward, even if he was not sure whether he actually liked her personality.
"Yeah, I get it. I'll leave you alone. We'll talk in the morning." John says. It's the last thing Sherlock hears before he falls asleep.
“Your mother, Emma,” Wat said, “was kind and capable. When I first met her, in was in another district. I had just been passing through and say her, a young woman dressed in a bright yellow skirt kneeling in the dirt to help a horse that had lost its shoe.”
The man’s head shot up comically, but John was able to repress his smirk and smother his laughter. He had known this would be easy, but he had not expected it to be quite this easy.
Their mother's answering smile was equally small and, unfortunately, equally brief, “Your intended is here tonight, my son. Do make sure that she receives our family's favor.”
. The positions we were born into place us on a pedestal, high up enough that it is dangerous if anyone should come to knock us down. Not only are we easy targets, a fall from that height could be deadly. Do you think we have many friends in those lesser than us? They will resent us and block us at every opportunity, even if we are trying to do good for the people. You can’t show any weakness, not even to those you consider your friends.”
“Don’t worry about her, John. She’ll come around. The last few months have been hard on her, but she still loves you.” Wat said, trying to soothe the anger and hurt that was probably writ large across his son’s face.
“Wat’s voice was muffled as he continued, “The next day, when the lord sought her out in the garden, Emma told him how uncomfortable he made her. The lord apologized, promised never to do it again, and asked her to share a lunch with him one last time. At this lunch, he poisoned her wine with something to make her complacent. She was in no state to run away, and he laid an enchantment over her, and… in the very garden she loved so much… he tore her clothes from her and assaulted her.”
John wanted to be up there with him. It was dangerous, sure, but the elephant was huge, larger than life—a titan—and what was danger compared to the feeling of what that must be like? John had felt small before, but looking on this he had never felt bigger, looking at what this small person was doing—
“No…” John was more than a bit shocked at how she seemed to know exactly what he had just been thinking.
3) Heads up, I've been in full-on Klaine fanfic mode, so anything just super out of character/weird here...I blame Blaine Anderson for getting into my head.
“Of everyone who might concoct a plot against us, a minor noble’s would be the least likely to be found out. They manage their own time and make their own schedules, for the most part. And they don’t have to deal with being surrounded only by people trying to manipulate them and use their political power, since they don’t have much to begin with. Sherlock, are you listening? You are old enough that you need to know of the dangers against you—”
“Papa said fruit trees are from the gods! That’s why bad mages put spells on them and we can’t eat from just any tree. Because they all look the same.”
John came back to himself when his feet crossed from the lush soft grass to the hard, dusty clay of the street they lived on. John lived in a relatively busy district, though not so busy as the neighboring district that held a bustling marketplace. The dirt beneath his feet had been packed down hard by numerous feet over many years. They passed his friend Mik’s home, and then their direct neighbors, Muhammad and his wife, Chala.
“John, I told you to be careful,” Wat said with a frown as he beckoned to Harry, who was already on her way back to them with a canvas tarp. Wat set John on his feet and wrapped the tarp around his drenched son.
“Belaboring a point, you mean,” Sherlock muttered ungraciously, glaring into the opposite direction. Mycroft was unphased.
John couldn’t tell whose voice it was, but for a moment he was there with the wriggling bodies, subsumed by them but also one with them, just another squirming being in the fresh and cool river water. He held his breath as a large fish’s powerful tail hit him in the face, drenching his front in water from his hair to the neckline of his shirt. The next moment, his father’s hands were hooking beneath his arms, gathering him up and out of the water, and he was leaving his newfound fish-brethren behind.
Sherlock abhors the amount of sentiment he is subjected to in these current days, abhors how his perfect subjugation of his emotions has been corrupted and overridden.
John mirrored the sentiment but found that he could not find his voice. Maybe he, too, was too shaken, like the pebbles.
“Your face is just one big peach. You’re a big peach, John!” Harry tugged at the sleeve of his shirt with a laugh.
By all rights, if Harry was sticking with the way their father had trained them, she should also be up or waking up soon. John suspected she would not be up for a while. She likely would need to sleep off whatever it was that she had drunk last night. It was a good thing that John had been sending all of his pay back home. He did not want to even think about what the state of the household would be like if he had not.
son! And I love you,” Wat’s arms wrapped around John and pulled him into Wat’s chest. His warmth and scent were so familiar. Wat smelled like their house,
I will honestly tell you right now that I don't know much of anything about the military. Much like the native culture in this story, I am pulling most of this out of thin air or cobbling it together from my limited experiences. Please don't hesitate to let me know if I've done something wrong or something that offends you. If it offends you, it probably offends others as well, and that is nowhere near my goal for this fic.
The mage had ascended onto the balcony where most of the servants took their meals. The servants always ate what leftovers there were from the nobles’ dinner, so it was convenient for their dining space to be close. In this particular dining room, a balcony had been set aside for the servants to dine, hidden from the majority of the dining room by large curtains. Since the majority of kitchen servants were still at work serving the nobles, the balcony was deserted.
“Yes, your son is back home,” Harry said acidly. Then, she closed her eyes, took a deep breath, and visibly tried to rein herself in. John imagined it had to be difficult to accomplish when her face likely burned from liquor and she seemed to lose her balance immediately when her eyes were not open. “Are you hungry, papa?”
It did not hurt that his brother, Mycroft, was also in attendance. Mycroft was significantly older, over ten years Sherlock’s senior. Even with this distance in age and experience, Sherlock was quite fond of his brother. He could be overbearing at times, but—outside of their mother—Mycroft’s intellect was unmatched and speaking with him was rarely completely boring. Sherlock could not say the same for most others.
John was sorry to see that he had made his friend worry like this. If he was reading through the lines correctly, it seemed that he had also disappointed Mik and even possibly Dr. Vihaan, though John had not been an official apprentice.
Siger had turned to look over at them at Sherlock’s outburst. Mycroft, who was turned toward Sherlock, did not see Siger. Sherlock knew that his father was curious about what Mycroft would say, although his facial expression remained impassive.
John eased a bit as his childhood home came into his sight, shoulders leaching tension that John had not noticed was there until it had left. He spared a thought to his neighbor’s child, little Jaituna, and how she might have grown as he passed their home. John opened the gate and spied the familiar lamp hanging by the door, wick unlit. So many things were exactly the same; had anything changed?
Reader's Notes: Music is Ballad of Mona Lisa by Panic! At the Disco (hereafter referred to as P!ATD). I'm going to post every chapter separately (for reading convenience) and then just compile them into one master track once I'm finished. So, you can either listen in pieces or all in one go. :-)
When John was getting close to the market, he began to hear the din of people setting up for the day. It was early morning, and the sun had not yet fully risen. The quiet of the night was still primarily undisturbed since most citizens still slept, so whatever noises did pollute the tranquil air tended to carry.
John did not mention how Wat had just woken up from a long bout of sleep. Now John knew the extent of the damage to Wat’s body, but until he knew what medication had been prescribed, John could only rely on what his family members said was normal.
A lot of things were as he had left them, though there seemed to be an influx of people in his district now. Where his street had previously had two or three families with children, now there seemed to be a multitude. He passed a large group of them. There were fifteen to twenty children gathered there, playing a singing game. Besides the children, no one else was out. John thought it was strange that such a large group of children were out with no adults present but told himself that he had more important concerns. He continued on without a word to the group, though he nodded and smiled at the few who looked up to watch him pass. They watched him warily until he was some ways down the street. John turned back toward his destination and frowned.
Not long after they had finished setting up, the day’s first customers arrived. The wind picked up as the day went on, and the sun climbed higher in the sky, so John adjusted the side tarp more than once to protect the fish from drying out or getting dusty.
Warning: There is some brief description of animal butchery, just a couple of lines. I tried to keep it vague so that it wouldn't squick anyone.
And that mage today, he used foreign magic! And it was so fascinating, if only I could study that! But foreign magics aren’t allowed in close proximity, so how would I learn it? Who would I even learn it from? That’s not to mention my basic maths and history, so tedious. I learned every relevant thing ages ago. There’s nothing new or exciting here and my entire day is full of people telling me what I can’t do and stopping me halfway through doing what I want to do.”
Wat took mercy on the boy and answered for him, “Because we might touch something outside that has a curse or a spell on it, without knowing. Our family is special. Magic does not work on us the same way that it works on other people. You probably won’t be exposed to magicks throughout the day since we are so far from the palace and never around any magic-wielding nobles.
John watched his father repeat himself, reiterating the same statements until Harry’s clenched fists began to loosen. Wat helped Harry to her feet, allowing her to maintain the loose hold she had on his shirt. Wat began moved toward the door, and John followed them.
The emperor was seated in the empress’ throne, both of which were on a raised dais which allowed the rulers to peer down at their subjects even during the ceremony which was supposed to exhibit and reinforce just how accessible they were. Ironic.
John readied himself quickly, intending to head out to Mik’s clinic as soon as he could. He stopped by his father’s room to check on him. Wat, surprisingly, was awake. He and John greeted each other. John offered to make him breakfast, but Wat declined. He confessed he had lost much of his appetite during his forced sedentary period after his fall. John offered to talk to Mik about it, but Wat waved him off.
Harry unearthed the candles from further down the mantle and lit several. She declined John’s offer of assistance as she went from room to room and lit the lamps. She spent a greater amount of time in their father’s room than the others, though not by much.
Sometimes it seemed like adults had the uncanny ability to know what he was thinking, more specifically when he was about to get himself into trouble, and even more specifically when the adult doing the knowing was his father.
After all, he calls Sherlock his best friend when most people can not stand Sherlock's company, and the people who can endure it Sherlock inevitably finds
Sherlock had no peer, not even Mycroft, so friends were impossible. What friends, Sherlock considered dismally. Instead of voicing that thought, he said, “What friends? You don’t have any friends, Mycroft!”
As they walked down the street—in silence, it was too early for inane speech—John wondered if he had any say in his life’s direction at all. He was grateful for his home and his family, his ability to count and to read, which was more than some others had. Still, his future seemed slotted in place for him and had since his birth. He would become a fishmonger like his father. He would probably live in the same house until he got married, and then he would move to another house likely in the same district or one nearby. He would choose a wife from the village girls, of whom he had no particular interest, or even one of the village boys—though that was more uncommon and, more to the point, he thought most of them were idiots.
“Mother!” Sherlock threw up a hand and raced forward, away from Mycroft, who spluttered in indignation.
“I understand your concerns, Mik.” John comforted his friend. He could tell that Mik was uncomfortable voicing his doubts to him, but John felt that Mik was being quite fair. If any soldier had acted the way John had when he had left—or “run away” as Harry had put it—John would not even have considered taking them back. They would have faced all of the consequences due a deserter and, unlike Mik, John would not have felt guilty about telling the perpetrator the sentence to his or her face. Still…
John is standing sentinel, back stiff and hands held neatly together at his lower spine, leaning slightly forward to inspect the very baseboard that had earlier allowed Sherlock to deduce the placement of the hidden compartment where stolen valuables had been sequestered. That had been the conclusion of the case. It had been a simple thing. Sherlock had not even needed John. He had hardly needed John...
By the time Harry returned, it was well into the evening. John had begun to worry, both for Harry and Wat, who had yet to wake up. He had been told that his father slept a lot, but was he truly expected to sleep the entire night through.
Wat’s eyes were wide and alarmed as he took Harry by both arms and pulled her in close. John had frozen and was focused solely on what was happening with Harry. The tarp hung limp and forgotten in his own hand; he was so focused on his sister and his father, oblivious to the slush of melted ice chips, street mud, and odd bits of fish seeping into his shoes. Wat waited until Harry had raised her eyes to meet his before he spoke.
“I don’t believe that either. Everyone knows that soldiers get paid a lot more than what you’ve been sending here. And you’re trying to convince me that I somehow got all of your other letters and not this last one? I’ve grown up since you left, John. I’m not that gullible anymore.” Harry spat.
“Take this bucket,” Wat took a bucket from Harry’s hands to show it to John, “and throw it into the river. Pull up the water and dump it in there.” Wat threw the bucket overboard and then indicated the shallow basin that took up a third of the main deck.
“I don’t believe you.” Harry said stonily, setting her plate down and crossing her arms. “If that was the case, you could have written me back or sent word by a courier. It isn’t as if you don’t make enough money.”
John conceded to himself that he did not know much about thee correct way children should grow up. He had been in the Royal Army since he had abruptly left home at 17, quitting his role as the unofficial apprentice to the village doctor. Mik had been the man’s official apprentice, and everyone involved had known that John would likely not be able to stay on. He was going into the family business; everyone knew.
Sometimes, John feared Wat was a little too kind. Everyone knew Harry had the tendency to run roughshod all over everything and everyone, and Wat—in his seemingly unending patience—mostly allowed her to do so. Harry had quite the reputation in their district and sometimes even beyond that. As much as John admired her, he had never enjoyed the way a stranger’s eyes turned wary at times, after realizing that John was Harry’s little brother.
“So, you finally made it back, huh?” Harry said, and detangled herself from John to continue searching for some candles. John had expected his welcome home to be a warmer than that.
John was surprised to see they had just entered was a washroom with multiple smocks in it like the one Mik was wearing. They were all lined up neatly on the shelves that had been set into the wall. Mik removed his smock and tossed it haphazardly into a corner. He turned and began to wash his hands and arms in the basin.
Sherlock closed his eyes and grimaced in annoyance. He sighed heavily. Now, this. He assumed it would be dull, most people were dull, and most of the things they said and did were dull, dull,
“What have you been learning,” John asked, turning back to address his friend. “Anything that could be useful for us?”
Sherlock followed a short way behind the servant as the man made several turns down different hallways. The man paused at the turn of the next hallway, seemed to listen intently, and then took off running. Why run, Sherlock wondered, if you were innocent of all wrongdoing? Sherlock had not even been chasing him and, even if he had, he was not exactly the scariest person in the palace, being 11 years old. The action smacked of guilt, of nefarious intent or behavior. With that in mind, Sherlock chased after him.
I'm sorry for the delay in posting, dear friends! I'm moving back to school this week. It will make things hectic, but I promise I won't stop!
Large clouds of dust had kicked up in the herd’s wake. Although they could not see the street clearly from where they crouched, it was easy to tell when the elephants had passed. The rumble of their galloping lessened progressively until it was as faint as the tremor that had preceded them, and then faded altogether.
"I love you." John says, staring up at Sherlock with those wide, dark eyes from where his body is sandwiching Sherlock against the sitting room wall. John's chest is a solid wall of heat where it is pressed to Sherlock's. John's right leg had insinuated itself between Sherlock's long legs, and the line of warmth John's calf has made along Sherlock's own is overtaxing Sherlock's mind.
“It’s honestly fascinating work,” John cut his friend off before he could repeat everything he had told him about his research. John had heard quite a bit of it over breakfast and, while he did find it somewhat interesting, he was not so interested as to listen to Mik raving about it twice within an hour.
“Yes? And why is that, Mycroft?” Sherlock spat, truly frustrated with the conversation, now. As much as he liked that he could have an intelligent conversation with his brother, he hated how condescending Mycroft could be. Sherlock’s raised voice was not quite a shout, but he could see the servants shift nervously in his peripheral vision.
The fish spilled out of the net and into the water of the basin. John marveled at them, while Harry and Wat’s nagging for him to be careful was just background noise like the hum of cicadas. The colors were amazing but the sizes, too. He had seen some of the big fish that his father and the other fishmongers brought to market, but none of them had been alive, twisting and writhing and splashing like the ones in front of him. The colors were amazing, but the sizes were, too, ranging from the fish as big as John to some as small as his hands. In that moment, John truly could imagine growing up and being a fisherman, side by side with Harry, seeing and feeling this every day. John thought it must be the best trade in the whole world.
“Eventually the poison began to wear off, and she was able to gather herself enough to return home, only to find that she could no longer cross the threshold of our home. She cried out to me and I ran to catch her. She was a sight, John, our poor Emma… The only bit of luck that we had was that I was quickly able to figure out the type of spell that was laid over her and remove it. It was a geas, a type of enchantment that is meant to control the victim in some way. Luckily, your mother had no innate magic to tie the geas to, so it was weak enough to break by simply touching my family heirloom. Thank the gods Tufaena did not know we had it. He put that spell on her just to be cruel, John, because she had refused him.
Harry’s long legs, long in comparison to John’s only since their family was a collection of somewhat small people, carried her ahead without any kind thought for her five year old brother’s panting breaths behind her.
Mik cut himself off and shot John a worried look. “This isn’t about your father, is it? I haven’t seen the old man in a while but the last time I did, he seemed to on the road to recovery. Did something happen?”
Mik was silent after John’s statement, long enough that John looked over at his old friend to see if he was alright. Mik had paused in washing the dishes and looked troubled. John did not rush him since he was sure Mik would tell John what he was thinking sooner rather than later.
Sherlock raised his arm to inspect the area she had indicated. There was a bright red splotch on his arm, like a sunburn, though it did not hurt at all. He belatedly realized that it was the same place where the servant had spilled the wine on him earlier. He mentioned that to his mother.
Officially, everyone who was relevant to the matter had accepted that Siger was Mycroft’s sire. Still, people argued, if the truth was that Siger was not Mycroft’s father, then he had no right to sit on the throne as emperor. Mycroft would have been emperor, and an emperor regent would have ruled by Jaituna’s side until Mycroft came of age. Sherlock thought people should have better things to do with their time than gossip about things that would never come to pass, but he had long since acknowledged that people were idiots.
There was an uncharacteristic silence behind Harry, punctuated only by the soft susurrus of their steps in the almost-mud.
“Are you going to use that… that thing,” Harry asked, “That wind-maker thing?” She pointed to a contraption that John had not noticed until that moment. He had never seen anything like it before. Made of a medium colored wood, though a different wood than the ship, it appeared to be a contraption comprised of a large funnel, a bellows, a pulley system, and a wooden handle.
Sherlock twisted around to see if he could spot Mycroft but was careful not to move far enough that his mother’s warm hand fell from his head. To his disappointment, Mycroft was quickly approaching. The crowd had thinned as they entered the room, which had made it easier for Mycroft and his posse of personal assistants to fight his way through to them. Sherlock considered Mycroft's red, sweat-damp face and heaving breaths as consolation to being caught.
The tedium was making him irritable. Normally, he was successful in ignoring the actions and the agendas of the courtiers, but not today it seemed.
The next morning, John woke with a jolt. For a moment he was sure he was in his bunk in the barracks, but then the muted light from the covered window reminded him that he was back home, in his childhood room. John considered it unfortunate that the window was mostly blocked by the pile of furniture. John had always had a fondness for the way the pre-dawn light had spilled in through his window. Thinking about it now made him nostalgic even though it was barely getting into the room.
As Sherlock came through the door, he saw the mage again. This time, the man was not doing anything so innocent as simply walking down a palace hallway.
“Then, your mother was offered a position in a noble household. She was so excited that she had been hired as a gardener for a rich lord’s manor. She was thrilled at how grand everything was, and how much magic was there. You see, the lord who owned the manor was very powerful, his magic so strong that he had multiple mage apprentices. Emma, whose nurturing personality endeared her to everyone she met, gained the lord’s favor. There was magic everywhere in that house and he loved to show her those things. Some were practical like the fey balls of light that floated through the air, eliminating the need to light candles. Some was fanciful, like the tree on the wall in his study, which had golden branches that showed every member of his noble lineage.”
At this, Wat’s voice grew so choked that he had to stop. He tilted his head back and closed his eyes. John watched the trail the tear made from the corner of his father’s eye, down his cheek, until it disappeared into the collar of his shirt.
Sherlock as falling face first towards the stone floor. The two storeys had seemed to be a great height when he had been climbing the stairs to the balcony, but now the ground was rushing at him in mere moments. He tried the spell once more and could finally breathe again as he felt some resistance come underneath him, stopping him from falling so quickly.
“Say, if you want, I can put in a good word for you?” John murmured and, by the grateful look on the vendor’s face, John’s work here was done.
A quick smile tugged up one corner of Harry’s mouth. “Of course, moron. Where do you think peach trees come from?”
Sherlock’s success at casting had happened in the nick of time. There was less than two feet of space between his body and the floor when he used his arms to bank toward the servant carrying the pitcher. His rapid swerve left no time for the servant to react in defense, so Sherlock collided directly with the woman.
Reader's Notes: No more music intros and outros for every chapter. You won't miss them, will you? I'm putting the whole recording up today, and I'd recommend downloading that, instead of the following chapters. As always, it's your preference.
He paced around the living room in panic, shortly considering playing his violin to soothe himself but John surely wouldn't appreciate that right now, what with being asleep already and all.
Sherlock's eyebrows nearly disappeared into the mop of black curls adorning his forehead. What the hell was going
“says the mad genius” John mutters, but clicks the link nevertheless, despite his better judgement. Just before he klicks play though, he has an idea. A mad one, absolutely, but… “Sherlock?” he says “hmmm?” “Mrs. Hudson said she..there´s still some..left” Sherlock lifts his head in surprise “are you saying..?” “well” John smiles “why should you be the only one to have all the fun?” Sherlock jumps up immediately..which only results in him swaying and falling back down on the sofa, a look of utter surprise on his face and his mouth shaping a silent “oh!” John starts laughing again and asks Sherlock to just tell him where the hell the stuff is so he can get it himself. He waves a lazy hand in the direction of the kitchen and John finds the dope, the papers, a lighter and brings it all back to the sofa, together with more water, a bowl of crisps and dip and a bottle of mountain dew. He secures a blanket around Sherlock, who´s still barefoot and only in his pajama pants, an old tattered shirt and his usual dressing gown, then klicks “play”, mutters “on your head be it you mad bastard!” and starts to expertly roll a joint. He misses Sherlock eyeing him a little more than just curiously because he´s busy fighting with the lighter and trying not to choke on his first deep lungful after nearly two years. He knows this is a bad idea but Sherlock´s actually right, he should loosen up a little. And it´s not like whatever Mrs. Hudson bought could actually affect him much after the strong shit he´s used to from Afghanistan! “and also” he thinks “Danger? I LAUGH in the face of danger!”. He realizes shortly after that he just quoted Disney as well, is worried for a second, takes another drag and waves his worries away, giggling. Then, the movie starts properly. Ah, policemen spying on a suspect..right for Sherlock th..HE GOES INTO A SM STUDIO?! John coughs. Another dominatrix. Great. Just.fucking.great!
"Sherlock? I...I left Mary. The Baby...not mine..and..even if..god..how could I be so stupid? she SHOT YOU! my best friend! my..my...YOU!" and he nearly crawled into his lap, seeking warmth, seeking comfort, seeking SHERLOCK.
"Hmmm so greedy already. I would say let's take this to the bed but since you've made us such a nice love nest here.." and he trailed his slender index finger along John's ribcage, his arse, the outside of his upper thigh down to his calf and then up again on the inside until he was very nearly touching John's engorged member. "God..Sherlock..please!"
It wasn't that he didn't care, not at all! John was the love...the ONLY love of his life and always would be, but Sherlock sometimes got so caught up in cases or experiments or his own damned head that he couldn't even remember what month it was, let alone the day.
He never got any further than that because Sherlock threw himself on his soldier, tasting, defiling, licking and tasting John wherever he could, for the first time ever being incredibly happy that he was alive and with someone.
"I've seen you wild and caring, ferocious and kind outside of this very flat but do you know what else I discovered during my
"Come on, find John Watson, he's the good looking blond standing in the corner shivering with fear!" Sherlock now shouted from atop the stage, clearly having the time of his life
Morse code for “I love you”. He smiled slightly. Of course he would! ( In the years to come, Sherlock would find countless ways to tell him he loved him, and yes, one of those would definitely be Sherlock telling him with actual words, but for now…)
"or could it just be that you're feeling slightly uncomfortable going into a gay bar?" Mike raised a mocking eyebrow
Maybe Sherlock had forgotten their anniversary but he clearly hadn't and even though he couldn't deny that he was still a bit disappointed, he knew Sherlock well enough to know that it wasn't meant personally in any way, so he would at least hold up his end of the bargain and, with determination and a new spring to his step, John Watson opened the door to one very specific shop.
Sherlock huffed a bit. This started to sound rather sexist but then he looked over to the sidebar and noticed another article from the same page, titled "24 ways to ensure your wife will be over the moon on your first wedding anniversary", so he shrugged it off and opened a new tab, googling the best recipe for...oh no wait! Hadn't these girls said..?
comes up, you are there to help me, to save me, to love me. You do love me, don’t you, John?” and he looked shaken again, uncertain. That just wouldn’t do!
Sherlock took it and looked John in the eyes "John. Nothing, NOTHING you could ever do will be of any less than the highest importance to me and, to be frank, you shouldn't have gotten me one at all, I was only reminded of this date by you being angry at me-well, angrier than usual- and Mrs. Hudson helped me clean up the flat and it made me realise what an enormous amount of work you do here, for us, for me, every single day and-"
"Anniversary, me and John. Need to...it should be clean and tidy here when he gets home, I don't know how to..John usually does these things"
“Are you up for some breakfast? At least some toast, you know I normally don’t force you to eat but..”
But this would just absolutely NOT do! He had vowed to John on their wedding day to never let him down.
John chuckled "come on, the great Sherlock Holmes-Watson won't be defeated by that little mystery, will he?! What does a watch normally show?"
John nearly choked on air but decided he needed to go with it in order not to seem awkward “um…well yeah but the other guy…he clearly got some stuffing down there, I mean, COME ON!” right John Watson, just a normal talk between blokes, like in the army, just compare the sizes of your dicks, nothing weird about it EXCEPT THAT YOU´RE TALKING TO THE POSSIBLE VIRGIN SHERLOCK HOLMES WHO YOU APPARENTLY FANCY FOR FUCKS SAKE!
Mike nodded. John got rid of his jacket "And you also said that young man up there is a risky case for becoming a drug addict?" "Most definitely!" Mike answered. "Well" John said "we're here to prevent HIV, STID AND drug use, aren't we?" Mike nodded again, looking confused "Guess I'll have to fulfill my duties as a Doctor then - hold my beer!" and with that, John ran through the crowd and jumped up onto the platform on which Sherlock was dancing, followed by the cheers of the crowd
If John hadn't known for sure that he had forgotten it, he'd almost suspect Sherlock had done all of this for their wedding anniversary.
As he could begin to focus on other things again, now that he didn't seriously consider just ripping his dick off to stop it from burning, he tried his best to imagine what in the name of all that is holy could have driven Sherlock to do this...experiment.
He saved it just in time though, and, as he heard the shower running, he put on the kettle as well and put some bread into the toaster.
do, however, is having you sleep in my bed, stroking your curls, kissing you occasionally or having…hell! Having
“Sherlock!” he exhaled against his ear and he felt the man shuddering in his arms “Sherlock! Oh God you smell so fucking good, do you have any idea..OI!”
“Good Morning. How are you feeling today?” Sherlock was still blinking a lot but seemed to be a bit closer to his former self, John could tell, as Sherlock answered “In the mood to kill the Bastard all over again!”
"One of us?" he asked, and bent over the bar, grabbing him by the lapel of his shirt and whispering into his ear "Now listen very closely sweetheart, because I am only going to say this once: I can understand that you're a bit in over your head here, this being your first time in a gay club and all, but there's no "us" and "the others" - we're all human beings, you get me? See that man dancing over there? He's a lawyer, one of the richest men in town. See the young man dancing with him? He's had pretty much every city boy on this street! These guys over there?" and he yanked John's head around, pointing to two men in the corner "met here twenty-five years ago, come here every Saturday, still as much in love as they were on their first date. We've got all sorts here, so don't you dare come here and tell me you're not one of us, you got me?!" he let go of John
He texted Lestrade on the way back to 221B, explaining next to nothing but instructing him not to call him for at least two days. He rushed up the stairs when they arrived and planned on going to sleep immediately but found himself shivering in his pyjamas and thus went back to the living room where John had lit a fire and patted the place on the duvet beside him, smiling gently, two cups in his hands.
"Oi, Watson!" "Uh, yeah, sorry Mike, you alright?" "Yeah I was just thinking...hadn't seen you in a bit and, listen, I've pretty much given my flyers to everyone here who wanted them, should we move on?"
He felt John grinning against his inner thigh now. “Thought you never beg for anything?!” he asked, teasingly. “John,
, John thought) a pretty butch black-haired fellow in the corner, so John knew he was on his own for now.
He opened two other tabs, one informing him on the traditional and modern gifts to exchange on a first anniversary (paper and clocks - which seemed utterly stupid to Sherlock, but well) and the other one consisting of a "Five step programme to make sure your hubby feels well and truly loved on your first anniversary". He sighed and rolled his eyes but decided to venture on. "That alone should show you how much I love you, John" he muttered under his breath, "reading these utterly idiotic articles, written by teenagers with an obsession and immensely stupid monkeys who failed their journalism degree so they have to work for these kind of websites now!"
They just stared at each other for a few seconds and then Sherlock tried to get up, turning his face away and mumbling “sorry I jus..drugs..guess..I..please forget”
"Soooo, aspiring Doctor, got the little leaflets to warn us poor gays from HIV, Drugs and STID's, yet extremely uncomfortable with being in an establishment like this" he smirked "I..I'm not uncomfortab.." John began, but Sherlock interrupted him "First of all, you've only just begun your training. You clearly don't want to be here, you've been forced, so you're the weakest of the pack, so to speak. Secondly, you've got a problem with Homosexuals and yet, you keep looking at me as if I'm dinner, so - one of your close friends or relatives came out when you were younger and their family didnt take it well, hence you trying to hide it, probably even from yourself. Well, good luck, John!" he winked and disappeared into the crowd, leaving John completely dumfounded. "I...I'm not...what?" he muttered, more to himself than anyone else
John looked at him, at the joint, at the screen, back to him, to his pouty, sad mouth, his high cheekbones, his curls that were slightly flattened now by the time on the sofa, the heaving chest, the sad eyes and he just… “Oh fuck it!” he said aloud and manhandled Sherlock very, VERY close to him, burying his nose in Sherlock´s curls, right above his left ear and breathing in deeply. There was no flowery perfume, no long, straight hair and he knew there would be no breasts once he went further but damn it all to hell, this was the man, the HUMAN BEING he had fallen in love with and if that human being had a dick and stubble instead of tits and a vagina, well, if severed heads and bullets and drugs couldn´t shock one John Watson, then that would certainly not be the thing to take him off a mission!
