Hulk kept turning to look away from him.  Tony dauntlessly stepped around in front of him for the third time.  “I will buy you ice cream.”  Hulk looked at him intently, as if to say,
Still dressed in his Starfleet gold, Stovok looked down at him, literally and metaphorically.  Tony waved a hand dismissively.  “I’m on vacation.”
“Highly improbable.”
“No,” Natasha said, lounging on the bed next to Steve.  “I used to be a little girl.”  Then she smiled.  Steve found his lips twitching, an involuntary echo, and wondered if she knew how contagious her smile was.
, he reminded himself, thinking fondly of molasses treats with a hint of sawdust.
Natasha flashed the card at Tony and Steve first.  Steve saw Tony pale a shade, then flush with outrage.
. o .
“Tell him he needs a cut,” Tony called out, sitting on the pavement and sifting through the bag, now with Clint’s help.  It appeared to be full of Steve’s clothes.  He chose not to be irked about it; it was not like he had any privacy in the army, and all of his clothes were S.H.I.E.L.D. appointed, anyway.
Steve stayed silence.  It echoed:
this, remembered kneeling on a street in New York, twitching with the need to
She looked at him, black eyes so hard to read and still so full of a candlelight soul, watching him.
Shaking his head, Tony said, “Don’t be.  Don’t be.”  He withdrew his hand; Steve let him go.  “See, this is what I mean, I’m
“Yeah, yeah,” Steve sighed.
The tips of Stovok’s ears were very green, but he flexed his feet thoughtfully against the grass, something rigid in his expression softening.
Scowling, Tony said, “I got that.”  Then he nodded towards their adversaries.  “Go make friends.”
“As is mine,” Barton added, wheezing around a laugh a moment later.  High as a kite, Tony thought, fondness arising unexpectedly in his chest, watching Natasha skim through her phone with apparent disinterest, and Barton reclaim his box of cookies, and Thor finally sit at the foot of Tony’s bed and announce:
taking five.”  And he was
. o .
Polar bears, first.
but with unintentionally good aim, at the back of Steve’s head.  He flinched more than Steve did when it landed.
?” Steve demanded, turning to face him.
Tony loved the brute—and all the hatchlings, honestly.  Even shy yellow Radon the Second, who hid under furniture, occasionally poking his nose out to sniff at Tony’s coffee.  He had absolutely no idea what category “R2D2” would fall into—tame or feral—but, at least for now, he had no trouble sharing space with him.
“Of pure muscle,” Tony said.
“If you survive,” Thor agreed ominously.
“Adults only,” Tony agreed, wagging his eyebrows.  “Bruce found a place.  Right, Bruce?” he added, sticking his head back in the car, where Bruce was cowering in the backseat.  Popping back out of the car, Tony prompted the assembly, “Somebody wanna fly with Thor?”
Preferably in Stovok’s arms, although he could forgo the muddy cave part of the ordeal.
Tony made his way to his private quarters and sat on the bed, shutting his eyes against a pounding headache, a reminder that while he may have the heart of a dragon, he did not have the resilience of one.
Luckily for Steve, Juneau was also on the southern side of Alaska.  Unluckily for Steve, it was still a zippy forty-one degrees Fahrenheit, according to the pilots.
Directly above the god, still secured behind the railing, Tony Stark lingered.  He had both arms folded on the railing, chin resting upon them, almost boyish in his demeanor.  His gaze was fixed not in admiration upon the Falls but downward, on Thor.  The quiet envy of Tony’s posture was palpable; Steve knew he would have joined the god in a heartbeat, were he not tragically mortal.  Like his father, Tony Stark craved what he could not have.
had clearly been passing through.
Thor looked down at him, expression brightening with a mischievous grin.  “Aye.”
Steve did not hide his hand, because he had no inkling about what the game was actually about.  Tony made a, “Hm,” sound, then looked expectantly around the table.  Without a word, he reached into his pocket, pulled out his wallet, and set it on the table.
“I hate this country,” Steve decided grumpily.  “Nobody’s got any decen—”
Sighing, Steve said, “Yes, that’s exactly what I meant.”
“The Bat Cave,” Steve repeated dryly.  “What, is that some kind of—”
“You did, though.”
—and bobbed slightly, in a rather rhythmic way, to the classical music.
“The Federation cannot know what we have,” Anij said.
Closing his eyes, Tony thought,
on it.  He had heard stories of people who said, someday, mankind would walk on the Moon, but the idea of it, peering up at that strange glowing light, was so bewildering, so strange, but looking at it now, looking at it now!  He wanted to take everyone on the streets by the shoulders, shove the picture on the front page, the Moon was right there!  More barren and beautiful than he possessed words for.  He strained to make out something, anything, describable in a familiar way, a color or texture or sound, maybe, but there was nothing, nothing but the stillness and emptiness and blackness of space surrounding the strange, strange Moon.
—and rubbing the new mark on his cheekbone.  “Don’t worry about it.  Are
Steve knew he had done the right thing and did not regret the lives he had saved that day.  He just regretted waking up the next and finding out almost seventy years had passed.
“I just like it here,” Steve said neutrally, walking along at a polite pace, footsteps crunching over gravel, rock, like he had nothing better to do than keep up with Tony’s inevitably glacial stumble-walk.  It infuriated Tony, in some heckling way.
“I can’t be the priority here,” Tony mused, unable to help but be a provocateur.  He nodded at Dr. Banner, curled on his side, facing away from them.  “Surely, the Senior Medical Officer is—”
, Thor disappeared in a shimmering curtain of white light.
you,” he exclaimed, slamming the door shut behind him.  “You sons of bitches, you absolute mother—”
“I’ll have the formal writeup sent to your PADDs,” Carter said calmly.  “Lieutenant Romanova and Ensign Barton will accompany you.”
In his
“You go to bed at seven p.m.?” Tony asked him, turning to him with both eyebrows raised.
under here.  I’m gonna find the Loch Ness monster.”
and ten thousand other things Steve learned after the thing-they-did-not-talk-about).  Rico sniffed at Tony’s right arm.  Steve introduced politely, “His name’s Rico.”
It was painful to wait, but he made himself wait, until darkness began to fall and he dared to scramble to his feet, brushing himself off frantically.  He felt stiff and sore, but a light jog warmed him up quickly, and he soon broke into a dead run, desperate to get back to—
penthouses for sale on Lincoln Park.”
.  Whatever the rest may be—Tony was good.
“Done,” ice cream man said at once.
“Harsh-but-fair.”
Or Occam’s razor was correct, and Nibiru
They waited a short eternity for Snow and Steve to return.
theatre.
“We will not,” Stovok said dryly, but he plucked another hydro-pack from the emergency supply and held it up.  “To new worlds.”
“Knew it,” Tony said, indicating the dragon.  “Big baby.  Can’t make it five minutes without me.”
“You two the trouble type?”
“Zero hundred,” Steve yawned.  “Oh.”  Stretching, he said, “Should get up.  Get ready soon.”
To his surprise, Tony followed, only asking Steve if he had tried the Shoofly pie.  When Steve said that he could live without it, Tony insisted on securing a slice.
“I will catch up with you at a later time,” Thor said distractedly, reaching into a pocket and retrieving all five tennis balls with a massive hand.  “Do not lose these.”
“I will take that as a compliment,” Stovok said, and released Tony’s hand, but only so he could roll over, latching on with the same strength as he began to shuffle out of the tunnel, belly-down.  He was fast, and Tony barely had time to think,
—scraping claws.  How much more flesh and blood could he possibly give them?  How much more could they
.  A venomous
“But I.”  Still wondering what sort of poison she could have transferred through a kiss, he did not fight when she lowered the angle of the bed.  “I have to yell at Steve.”
Silence reigned for a grand total of nine minutes.  Then Clint said, “That’s weird.”
It was hours before he would understand what, exactly, had happened to him.
.”  He looked away.  “You make me so damn
to experience something, to deliberately reach out and touch the universe.  From the shifting weather to the fickle company, control was a scarce and precious thing.
“They have never been documented,” Stovok dismissed, lifting his hand off the pavement and frowning down at his three-fourths finished work.  “I am teaching the children falsehoods.”
“Nice guy, what about him?  You got a problem with him?” Tony asked, purposefully misunderstanding Steve.  He then whistled, calling out, “Hey, Thor!  Thor!”  The god of thunder turned, lifting a hand in greeting.  Tony lifted a hand back.  “Good luck.”
Tony said, “Miss Scarlet, candlestick, library.”
, Tony said, “
If Clint was singing along in full-throated but terribly pronounced Old Norse by the third repetition, Steve did not kill their fun.
Shaking his head at the absurdity of it all, Steve stepped into the elevator and hummed
Another laugh wheezed out of Tony, loudly enough a few of the outlying Gorn looked at him, then looked back at the roaring main attraction.  Six Gorn together could not pull the Hirogen down for long, but they cheered each other on.
, but Natasha gave him a nudge in the right direction, and he took the cue.
“Ah,” Thor replied brightly.  Then, with a thoughtful frown: “The treasure is within?”
“They’ll never let us live it down.”
way.  “
“Nothing’s wrong with my bike.”
“I got—never mind.  Aislinn, how much for the—?”
“Better get used to it,” Tony told him.  “You said—”
.  Steve ground his teeth and kept the thought to himself.
“Lemon?”
“‘Maria.’  And that’s all you’ll get out of me.”  And he strode ahead to catch up to Natasha, after all.
“You know.  Peanuts.”
“That’s very impartial and open-minded of you.”
Feeling a bit foolish despite being alone, Steve let himself lean in and sniff a lovely yellow flower—
look.  It was Steve’s fault: coffee was leverage.  He had bestowed it upon his team, and now, he had no leverage against them.  Why should they listen to him?
“Natasha, she brought—”  Steve waved a hand vaguely.  “Brought the . . . fancy cigarettes.”
Steve asked seriously, “What’s really going on?”
any appendages left to feed you with if this keeps up,” he informed Marker, spraying off in the sink, badly startling Cadmium—Curium’s more docile red twin—at the bottom of the sink.  Ignoring Tony’s, “Caddie, it’s fine,
Steve did not move.
“We used to fight all the time,” Tony babbled, lying compulsively, lying to justify his lack of outward terror, the yawning grief under his heels.  “Wouldn’t speak to me at all.”
“Don’t you eat?” Steve asked.
.  Tony was going to stay
He stepped out into the city noise, the bright blue sky shining bright through the skyscraper jungle.
2:00 A.M.
“Capable,” Anij agreed calmly, “but we have chosen a different path.  We stick to ourselves.  It suits us.”
“It’s a metaphor,” Clint said cheerfully.  At Steve’s glare, he offered a pack of gum.
. o .
“Still hate space?” Tony Stark breezed, reclining on a lounge chair on one of Risa’s many white beaches, a Saurian brandy cradled in one hand.
They obliged.  When they reached another set of closed doors, Natasha scarcely reached for the keypad before the doors opened.  Another time, Steve might have said,
Captain Carter looked at Stovok pointedly.  “Exactly how intoxicated is he?”
. o .
“Dr. Banner,” Steve greeted from a short distance.
“Oh, they sure will,” Juliet said, a strange tone entering her voice, a bit of forced politeness that seemed painfully familiar.  A bit of
“It is never hopeless, Doctor,” Stovok said, looking between the two of them, covered in mud and still unflinchingly golden.  “It is merely difficult.”
Even the unfamiliar ones.
“You’re an odd duck, Tony.”
Tony sighed, profoundly sad and profoundly glad, at once.
“. . . My point is, it would be advantageous for such an asset to remain in prime condition,” Carter finished.
: Bruce, now sans drink but wearing a shirt, emerged from behind closed door to give them a very soulful look, indeed.
possessions being repossessed.  He knew they had a museum exhibit dedicated to Captain America’s legacy; he did not like to think that Steve Rogers’ footprints were being likewise collected for posterity.
“It won’t kill him,” Steve assured, sitting next to and patting a defeated-looking Bruce on the back.
“Not you,” Tony said.
“Chest compressions,” his Tony repeated urgently, still speaking only to him, confiding what seemed like a terrible secret, planting Steve’s other hand firmly over the first, interlocking them, right over the arc.  “Brain damage sets in in less than four minutes.  It’s been over two, Steve,
He tried hailing the U.S.S.
“Wrigley Field,” Clint agreed with a nod, turning around and marching off to find the rest of his clothes, hopefully.
cheering on Thor, and Thor, predictably, was not cowed by ol’ Captain Killjoy:
“You’ll get used to it,” Natasha said suddenly.
Nope, nope,
“Hail!” he heard from a distance.  The river pulled him under before he could respond, careening him towards destiny.
“Mm-hm.”
. o .
on the floor—unlike Barton, who had fallen asleep with his back to a wall, head tucked to his chest; or Natasha, who was curled up in her chair; or Steve, who had his cheek on the bed, and one of Tony’s hands tangled in his hair, and he could only be
“I think it’s an Earthworld,” Tony said excitedly.  “Class M, definitely, but—humanoid, common linguistic phonology, Bruce, we could name a
about to be immolated?”
“Override code,” Natasha began, rattling off a series of numbers and letters that seemed convoluted, and irrelevant, as Iron Man breathed raspily against Steve’s chest.
“Thor,” Stovok said, his voice clear and calm and full of threat.  “Be still.”
Steve reached for the door.
“Here’s your drink,” Steve reminded, sliding the glass closer.  Tony looked down at it, made a single sad noise, and Steve took pity on him.  “All right.  One line.”
The scene seemed strange: moonlight reflected off the waters and cast a white shadow through the window, illuminating Thor’s striking features.  Thor presided at the head of the table; to his left cowered Bruce; next to the good Doctor, Tony Stark shuffled through the third and final deck of cards next to a vacant chair; Natasha and Clint rounded out the set, the latter still browsing a box of Chinese takeout with a pair of chopsticks.
Maybe even love.
As soon as the cop was gone, Tony kicked the back of Clint’s seat.  “
“Right,” Rhodes said doubtfully.
dying.  “I’m not dying,” he said out loud.  He watched from his periphery, not even daring to turn his head, as Marker suddenly turned and shoved his head back into the pool, emerging with the pole between his teeth.
J.A.R.V.I.S.’s announcement of a knock on the door made Tony stiffen, but Clint answered it, greeting Thor with a huge hug.  “Ey!  You made it!”
Reaching over, Steve shut off the light.
“Be dead in a few hours,” Iron Man said humorlessly.  “Maybe less.”  He breathed out heavily, started to hunch forward.  “I don’t care.  I want this.”
“Well,” Tony said, as they left the steel city behind, “I think that went remarkably well, all things considered.”
He blew out a relieved breath.  Then he looked to his left and stiffened at the cluster of Nibirans, staring back at him with undisguised shock, spears pointed at him.  Holding up his hands in a placating gesture, he said, “Now, I know what you’re thinking—”
“Try not to,” Rhodes said seriously.
Tony Stark held his drink well.  But it was late and, three shot glasses in, even with a nibble here and there of the best spare ribs Steve had ever had, Tony was loosening up.  Not
“I wish I was home,” Steve said, and he did not mean the cabin in the woods in upstate New York.
“The Beta Quadrant star system?” Stovok corrected smoothly.
—Tony would never have guessed the waterworks.  Just as a teardrop was about to drip off his nose, Steve dabbed it with the back of his sleeve.  “You
Hill nodded.
Grumbling incoherently, Tony stormed off.
There were four of them, three of whom approached briefly but stuck to Linda.  The last, a small, cream-colored alpaca, decided Steve was a safe, trustworthy type, after all, and pushed against him until he sat on the ground, folding onto his lap.
Tony shivered and said nothing.  Sitting down at his feet, Steve rested a hand over the blankets for a long moment, weighing his options.  He could not even tell if Tony was asleep; the helmet was truly a mask, hiding everything from view.
Steve frowned at the radio, which clicked back to the news report.  “. . . Is this a dream?”
“Snooze you lose, Stark,” Clint interrupted.
Steve did not answer.
“Will they return?” Stovok asked skeptically.
A string of empty takeout boxes littered the counter.  “Seafood,” Steve repeated skeptically.
“Perhaps this is the golden egg that will bring more harm than good,” Stovok replied quietly.  At Tony’s surprised look, he added, “I have read many Terran fairytales.  It has been part of my . . . cultural education.”
is a good book.
cannot say that,” Tony told him triumphantly.  “Because you are far weirder than
Tony refused to go gently.  He had life to live.
Steve looked down at him uncomprehendingly.  “Who soured your grapes?”
“Your theory is sound,” Carter allowed, “but does not allow for the radiation surrounding the target area.  Even long-range telekinesis requires a clear sightline.”
It was a stupid thought—he was never
Looking among the Starfleet crew, Sojef entreated, “This world . . . it does more than protect us from the stellar radiation.  It protects our very lives.  We are nearly three hundred years old and as healthy as we have ever been.”  Anij squeezed his hand, hard enough the knuckles turned white.  “As Terrans, we would never have dreamed of living long enough to truly enjoy life, but this world . . . this is what makes us Ba’ku.”
Tony gave him a very flat look.  “Yes, Steve,” he said, which caught Steve more off-guard than anger would have.  He lifted up a hand, fingers poised.  “With just a snap of my fingers, I can fix everything.”
It carried on for quite a while, especially for a guy with limited lung capacity.  At least five minutes of soul-filled yelling.  Then a hand on his ankle startled him so much he shut up instantly.  He clocked his head on the wall looking down, but it was just Steve Rogers, looking almost as surprised to see him as Tony was to see him.
, Tony thought ruefully, the twinge in his middle back reminding him that he had yet to take his evening painkillers.
. o .
Thor kept him away from his own Arctic dwellings: “How much for this one?”
“Don’ like it,” Steve rasped.
“I saw the footage,” Hill clarified.  “Of the attack.  On the city.”  Steve wondered how blank his own expression might have been, that she felt the need to clarify.  “If you’re worried, Rogers, you shouldn’t be.  No one’s going to lock you up.”
“Yes, dear?”
“I got it,” Tony assured, placing a quelling hand on Steve’s sternum.  Then Tony hopped up into the bed of the truck.  Steve gave him a stern look, a betrayed
“You’re so impatient,” Steve sighed, rolling up another cookie.
Yeah, even Steve would have been a bit of a stick in the mud to insist they walk.
Thor pointed out, “It seems a game.”
“If you spray that bear, I will break your arm,” Steve warned.
, he thought, sitting stiffly on a private jet plane.
.  The festivals carry on for a decade, forming friendships that may endure ten centuries—”
Bruce just sidled up to Steve and observed sadly, “I knew I should’ve said yes.”
Clint just moaned, “Popcorn,” while Bruce folded down on the grass a short distance away, nibbling on his own bag.  Thor shook the remnants of bag number two into his mouth without a word.  At the rate they were going, they would pack away the rest before the movie even started, Steve thought, shaking his head in wonder.
Tony turned to face Stovok directly.  Stovok stared straight ahead.  “Are we friends?” Tony asked.
Because there’s an Alien Invasion.”  Hearing it from a civilian perspective was admittedly surreal.  Steve listened intently, anyway, even though he bristled as Happy practically snarled, “And then I hear that
“Valcusians,” Thor repeated, holding out a hand in greeting.  “Surely, you have encountered them on your many noteworthy travels.  They are quite memorable.”
He opened his mouth to tell Curie,
,” Tony said, shocking him fast enough Steve did not see the pen, only the prickling sensation in his hand as he shook it off.  Tony pushed on.
,” Steve warned.
The bronze-tinted dragon jabbed him a second time, then, unexpectedly, clicked at him.
, he repeated, striding stiffly across the pavement, cane in hand.
, you
. o .
Steve firmed his jaw, like he wanted to keep arguing about the integrity of baking cookies, but then, with a sigh, said simply, “Okay.”
He swallowed back an attempt to reconcile, picking up his cards instead.
“You know what it’s like,” Tony murmured into the darkness of the night, where other listeners could not listen, the warm safe cavity made between them.  “To be spoken over.”
“You can’t call teams,” Clint complained.  Then: “I call Thor.”
“I’m not gonna hurt him,” Tony assured.”  Bruce just looked at Steve dolefully, like it was
Tony groaned.  “Yeah,” he said.  At least the heat and painkillers took the edge off.  Steve slid a hand around his back, gently helping him sit upright, piling pillows behind him.  “Mm.  You’re my Christmas gift,” he said, accepting the mug of coffee, tolerating the heating pad closer to his lower back.  “Gift that keeps on giving.”
As the hoots and clicks and laughter resumed, Tony looked down at the Vulcan on his lap, sighing deeply.  “Please wake up.  Please wake up,” Tony chanted, less fearful than simply desperate.  “Please.  Somebody’s got to be the beautiful buff blond around here and it sure as shit ain’t me.”
, he thought, clicking his tongue a few times, idle, clumsy.  Dragonspeak could be beautiful, soulful like whale song.  He could not hope to imitate it, but every dragon-pair had a specific whistle that they used to communicate,
“Well,” Tony started, then dropped the nonsensical defense of
Then Steve pivoted, looked down at the brush, and curled the hand not strapped to his chest around it.  While there was little in the way of immediate motion, Tony knew better than to wait for the shoulder-separation portion of the grab before relinquishing his prize.  Steve looked at the brush, then the vacuum, then back at the brush.
Then Thor chucked a Gorn at them, sending all three to the sand.  Tony wheezed from the bottom of the pile, “Thanks, buddy,” and escaped.  The entangled Gorn bonked each other on the head a few times with closed fists, then remembered their actual target and stood, claws up.
was dying in his arms, and what he had done, what had he done?  He couldn’t understand it, Tony looking at him with wide-eyed
Thor walked towards second base.  “Get back to first,” Steve told him sharply.
“’Sup.”
“This better not be some kinda fossil joke,” Steve acknowledged, back to his original seat behind Tony, while Bruce sat behind Clint.  Thor had agreed to meet them at their destination, which worried Steve, but—well, he
, or you’re going straight back to the med bay,” Tony told him.  That, clearly, was beyond whatever messaging machine was receiving on behalf of Steve Rogers.  Steve’s hand did not budge.  “Let me,” Tony repeated, pushing his hand against Steve’s.
Jeremiah gave him one last deep sniff, then trundled back over to his master.  “Oh, c’mon, you gotta love dogs,” Steve insisted, tossing an arm behind his head, uncaring that he was failing the objective to pick strawberries.  Clint could pick enough strawberries for five men.  Clint could probably pick enough strawberries for fifty men.  “Everybody loves dogs.”
Tony shuddered and shut his mouth.
space,” Tony said.
“As you were, Captain.”
Shaking his head, Tony said, “You could have told us not to report it.  The cloak-and-dagger approach seems brash.”
.  He jerked Clint around to first—Clint lost his footing, but Steve just stood, dumbfounded, at the sight of the tennis ball still lying by the base.
Steve held him in place with one arm and spear-fished another hot dog off the grill with the other.  “I said,
mean Steve would not assume command of it.
“You think I won’t, but I
With grim resolve, Steve followed.  He could already hear the animals out back, making strange close-mouthed calls, like cows lowing but softer.  He imagined the red-aproned butcher with a knife, berated his growling stomach for reasserting its interests, and prepared himself for the worst.  He had never shied from going to the butcher’s shop—on the rare occasion when he could
They were quiet again.
Tony frowned at him.  “What counts as
Tony just said, “Not much of a hiker.”  He tried to take in a deeper breath, winced, and said, “Let’s just—let’s just get back to the car.”
“I appreciate honesty,” Thor decreed.  “It is unwise to fool a King.  The truth will always rise.”
Steve pondered that, underlining the words
Steve frowned.  “How can you tell?”  There was not even the tell-tale scent of rain in the air, never mind the clear skies.
Tony smiled, then said enigmatically, “Baby steps.”
“It’s all genetic manipulation.  Right?  Radiation slices and dices, maybe . . . with the right
Four sets of eyes looked at him.
.  Earthborn.”
“Allow us to finish,” Sojef entreated, one hand resting over Anij’s for comfort.  Tony waved impatiently, then stood up, pacing the room.  Sojef went on: “Earth had just endured a terrible war, and still, we saw the rise of Terra Prime.  We knew that another conflict—perhaps even interstellar in nature—was only a matter of time.”
“Then you’re insane,” Tony said.  “I don’t need rescuing.”  He spread his hands.  “I’m doing quite well for myself.  As you can see.”
the time.  Curie’s close.”
Looking up from the informational placard, Steve was struck by the sight of Tony Stark, in love.
”  Then he heard a low growl, like thunder but much, much deeper in the ground.  “Ah.  You ever seen
.  The whole idea of it boggled him, yet it comforted him, too, grounded him in the present.
,” Tony told her, glaring at her until she lifted her head to look at him.  “
, Steve apologized to the ghost of Bucky Barnes, polishing off his plate.
Yours truly,
Thor thankfully released Tony’s helmet—he had faith in the suit’s integrity to withstand even a Hirogen’s wrath, but there was nothing like being caught in the lion’s teeth to make one a theist—and turned to face Barton.  “I have no business with you.”  Thor turned back to Stovok, then looked decisively at Tony and asked, “Will you accompany me?”
Oh, he of little
“Why should we meddle in the affairs of Terrans?” asked an elder of the Vulcan High Council, looking down upon Stovok with open distaste.  “Half-bloods like you may feel sympathy for their distress, but we do not.”
While Iodine’s departure rattled Steve—he neglected to check in on Tony for so long that Tony went looking for
“I asked the Mind Stone if it could wake you up,” Steve said simply, wrapping the cord around the telephone methodically.  “It said no, nothin’ doin’.  Got kinda pissed, at that point.”  He set the landline aside.  “It said I could try to do the job, myself.  Not in so many words.  Like a.”  He lifted the telephone demonstratively.
Missed you guys! Man, it feels like forever when I'm away for more than a day. I've been working so hard on this chapter, and I am so excited to give it to you! Whoo-hoo! It's here! Get hype! It's 10k! Yes, you read that right! 10k!!
Tony noticed how strangely Stovok held his chalk only after he began tracing a long arched back for a second dragon, interwoven with the first.  Vulcan fingertips were incredibly sensitive, like the surface of the eye.  Rather than gripping the chalk between two fingertips, he held the chalk effortlessly between his middle and ring finger, pinned below the second knuckle, snug against the palm.  Even more than the pointed ears and green blood, it reminded Tony that Stovok was truly Vulcan; it echoed the very salute that they used to greet one another, to meld minds, to express so much emotion in so little.
Tony made a rude gesture at him.  Steve ignored it, tracking down Natasha, lounging on a chair not far from a group of buggies.  She had a cool beverage in hand and the easy demeanor of someone finally enjoying some peace-and-quiet.  “Not one for raising barns?” Steve dared to ask her, crouching down on a knee, both arms folded over the other.
Tony pinched his own nose briefly, then popped open the egg carton and pulled out a clean egg.  “I mean, if I were to, I don’t know,
. o .
Winter fell upon them.
with it.”
Full of sharp edges, worn down to the bone, and still, at his core, yearning to live, to enjoy life.
, Tony insisted, teeth clenched hard enough that he was worried he would accidentally crack one.  He hated the dentist, hated the idea of needing a tooth filling, and somehow, that was the thought that distracted him, even more so than Rhodes’ ominous appraisal that he
“Here I thought Clint’s place was small,” Natasha mused from the kitchen.
His neck prickled again.  He left it alone.  “I don’t want Fury involved in this,” he said, voice tight but stern.  “You stay away from us.  Or I swear to—”  He drew in a short breath, let it go.
Rolling up his sleeves suddenly, Tony said, “I need to punch something.  Be right back.”
Tony’s face was totally unreadable.
Tony sighed, but in a contained, under his breath way.  Steve was about to make up an excuse, mention that perhaps they had plans, but Tony beat him to it: “Great.  Let’s go.”
“Sweetie,” Tony muttered.  “All right.  We can work with that.”
“This morning.  Must’ve known you were coming,” Steve added, finally pulling back but holding onto him by the shoulders, frowning at the blood.  “What’s—?”
Thor was definitely going to end up on the national news, Steve thought grimly, sipping at his own milkshake.  They had relocated to a more sedate corner of the Falls to enjoy a belated lunch—“Or an early dinner,” Tony had said, offering him a milkshake.  The atmosphere was peaceful.  Steve could have even enjoyed himself, had he not taken a dip in the Niagara first.
It was Dr. Banner, of all people, who looked up from his clasped hands and acknowledged, “It’s a dangerous place.”
Stovok said coolly, “Doctor.”
“Come on up,” Tony invited, hooking an arm over the side of the truck and looking down at Steve expectantly.  Steve held his ground, glaring up at Tony.  Tony said, “Don’t be such a wet blanket.”
He felt he would be sick if culinary temptations were placed in front of him.  Why must they insist on their temptations?  Why must they
Steve returned the vacuum to the closet.  And walked out with a bucket.  “You jinxed it,” Tony told him furiously, clocking the Mark XX with the stick.  He held it out.  “You babysit.”
“There are no
“Once Captain Quill alerted us to the incident, we returned to the coordinates to beam you up and found . . . nothing.”
“It’s hard to give up the god-thing, isn’t it?” Tony mused, then ducked quickly as Thor ejected a Gorn into their ship.  “Thor,” he complained, loudly, even as the hissing creature righted itself carefully.  It looked at them, claws uplifted, and Stovok
it return.  He would thank them, they assured him, as they bandaged their wounds and offered token analgesics for his “discomfort.”  He would thank them for heroically intervening and saving his life.
“Ma’am,” Steve began.
that did not come to sit on his
Then Thor said, “I shall roll first,” and grasped the dice.
“I’m on it.”
—the starship had exploded in a wave of light at nearly the same moment that three of its senior members had teleported, presumably onto the neighboring Romulan vessel, to render diplomatic aid.
“. . . if we’re going to die—”
“Lottery,” Clint said.
The back of Steve’s neck itched again.  He resisted the urge to scratch it.
“To the Moon,” Steve clarified.  “They said—you never made it.”
Tony said immediately, “I want seven.”
, Tony did not correct.
“Yeah, I regret this,” Steve muttered, tossing back the drink anyway.
“Think I—mm.  Yeah, side was not a good idea.”  Grimacing, Tony started to roll onto his back, only to be intercepted by a series of clicks.  “Wow.  Christmas miracle,” he huffed, returning to his side, Tellurium stretching out at his back.  “Ohhhh, ow.  Killing me.  My back.  Is me.”
He consoled himself with what he still had.  He opened his eyes as Thallium hopped up onto the space beside him.  He looked down at her; she looked up at him.  Despite her greenish tint, she was still overwhelmingly off-white.  A baby, Tony thought affectionately.
Tony said, “Both grown,” before looking down at him.  “What’s the rush?” he repeated.
Steve said again, “No,” as Tony took another bite and affirmed,
Sighing, Steve propped his face on his hand and rested his elbow on the windowsill, glaring out the window.
This was a dream, Tony thought, pinching the skin of his own wrist until it hurt, releasing it with a gulped little breath.  “I don’t like you,” he said out loud, his voice thankfully monotone, devoid of all feeling.  “We’re not friends.  I just did this for a reason.”
gesture, Tony said, “We have no intention of bringing harm to your world.”
Clint laughed.  Tony just said, “You’re a natural, buddy,” and patted the space next to him.  “Tell me about Asgard.”
Steve finally looked at him.  Tony spat, “I hate you.  I goddamn hate you.  I hope they all goddamn leave.”
Tony slipped away, trusting Romanova to handle the Hirogen.
. o .
“You’d be terribly bored without me.”
“I’m not traditional.  I’m Starfleet certified.  I don’t need a degree from the Academy to prove it.”  Accusingly, he added, “Why did you send us to the Briar Patch, Captain?”
“Like five percent,” Tony said, then hiccupped.
Tony gave Steve a soulful look that said
“Why,” Steve grunted, standing in a far too brightly lit ice cream parlor at midnight and glaring at a lineup of jars—including those peanuts he was lookin’ for earlier, although-God-only-knew-why, his brain was on two cylinders and both were in danger of falling off.
He nearly fell out of his own chair in haste, ignoring Stovok’s sharp look, as he reached for his own chest, the distinct lack of scarring spinning the wheel at last into motion.
lost in thought, but so rarely did the half-Vulcan meditate in the middle of a mission that it caught him off-guard.  And there was something . . . sorrowful about his expression.
,” he added, sneaking his way around Steve and picking up a clock.  “I thought these went extinct.”
” and then paused distinctly, looking around.
“Welcome, travelers.”
“Should we water you, Tin Man?” Clint offered, sliding a glass towards Iron Man.
On cue, the door swung open.  “Hey, buddy!” Clint greeted loudly, ignoring Steve’s quelling look.  “Can’t believe you two finally got a room!”  He held up a six pack of cans triumphantly.  “We’re celebrating.  Without you.”
“Meaning?”
“It’s fine,” Steve said gruffly, passing the pie off to Bruce, who just blinked up at him in wide-eyed surprise.  “Finish up.”
Or it would have been, under less dire circumstances.
Tony scrunched up his nose.  “Nobody says that,” he muttered, regaining his usual confidence as he strode in the direction of the open-door bakery, trailed by Clint, licking his chops, and Bruce, wringing his hands.
Behind him, the vacuum started.
“Everything is under control, ma’am,” Steve assured.
They waited a full three minutes for said-beautiful animal to return, then dared to reenter the trail.
“That—”
“I don’t have one.”
gets to have sleepovers, huh?”
“It’s all right,” Juliet said, bouncing back easily.  “They’re omnivores, actually.  They’ll eat—well, most foods, if given the opportunity.  But we keep them on a strict diet.”
, would it even taste good?  Could it live up to his imaginings?
“I thought you two walked off’a the face of the Earth,” Steve greeted Thor and Clint, two-and-a-half less-than-exhilarating hours later, as they parked outside a little convenience store.  He promptly grimaced as he was enveloped in a hug, telling Clint, “All right, that’s enough, I didn’t die.”  Prying him off was easy: Clint turned his attentions on Natasha, who, once more, flipped him effortlessly over a shoulder, sending him into the grass.
America, with more than enough blackmail material to prevent Steve from ever, ever,
Space, everyone knew, was a death trap.
Something in Tony’s expression softened, inexplicably.  “There was—yes,” he said simply, cutting off a larger statement, but Steve could not bother himself to ask.
For a single moment in time, he thought it might be the thing that split them apart, like a broad slate of ice, rent down the middle.  He saw the unyielding nature behind Natasha’s stillness, a history he would never be privy to, he could not earn.  He saw, too, the longing in Bruce for something like peace, a fearfulness at the sudden escalation.
knowing.
“It’s a nickname,” Tony explained.
“Hah-hah-hah, keep biting the hand, see how much it feeds y—” Tony began, yelping when Clint grabbed him from behind with both hands.  He spun and swatted Clint in the side, hard.  “You
“I can transmit short-range signals to the suit,” the disembodied voice began, but Natasha pulled a baton off her belt and said simply:
.  “You can keep that one, if you get me another,” Natasha told him.
Moreover, with just 30,000 permanent residents, Juneau had a theoretically ghostly population density of around 10 people per square mile.  In reality, the majority of Juneau’s residents huddled together, creating their very own small town.
. o .
. o .
That was the real kicker, he thought, genuinely annoyed that he could not report to his pesky fellow man that Hell had, in fact, frozen over.)  Mostly hungry.  Why had he died on an empty stomach?
Steve was terribly disappointed that his knee-jerk reaction was
.”  Shaking his head, Tony said, “I didn’t have my suit today, and if push came to shove—there’s nothing I could’ve done to stop it.”
“Of course you would.”
“It scares me that you’re gone,” Tony blurted out, a lot more honest than Steve expected.
He was also sure it had been a child, and that altered the flavor of the hunt.  Maybe they were a tribe of murderous aliens, hellbent on ridding their world of perceived threats—plenty of those in and outside the Federation, after all—but maybe they weren’t.
. o .
“Keep practicing,” Danvers advised, stepping out.
“I don’t think you’re the hugging type,” Natasha went on, stepping forward.  When she was close enough to do so, she rested a hand over his wrist.  Her fingers were surprisingly warm against his skin.
, anybody with half a mind should be scared to death of his anger, but she sat on the bed like she had never been touched by a storm, and he could only snarl in impotent anger back at her, not daring to make the first move, to declare war against S.H.I.E.L.D.
alone, which, Steve supposed, made sense—if Asgard did not
Tony rolled his eyes, shuffled another handful of trail mix out of the bag, and shooed it into his mouth.  “Right,
Not to be outdone by New York or Los Angeles, Chicago led the Nation in wartime production—and bought war bonds by the bucketful.  An easy market to win over and an even easier city to like, the Chicago of his memories had been culturally vibrant and economically booming.
It was a touch more sincere than he meant the almost lighthearted response to be, but Stovok nodded and then twisted to face him, one palm upraised.  Tony tensed automatically.  “You’re not going to pinch me, are you?”
Marker spat on him.  Tony grimaced at the oily muck covering his face and shirt, then glared at his dragon, who held his gaze, pitch-black, iris-less eyes expressing no remorse.
“You’re always so cheerful, Bruce.”  Then, honestly, he added, “I will miss you.”
“I don’t,” Steve conceded.  He took one step closer.  Tony slumped in his seat, protecting himself, the little he could.  It was too late to run.  There was nowhere to hide.  He wished it were all an ugly dream, sometimes.  “But I do know what it’s like to be hard of breath.”
Steve said,
and an
Without trace of irony, she looked him in the eye and said, “God.”
“At once” dragged on without respite.
Tony eyed him up and down, once, eyes flickering in the reflective blue glow from his arc reactor.
“All right,” Steve volunteered, afraid Tony would say something stupid like,
“I thought this was inhumane,” Tony said, unmistakable glee in his voice.
,” Steve said calmly.
, Tony thought, on his feet, angry, because Steve Rogers did not feel
“Siku.”
Scowling at the compliment, Tony said, “Please don’t vaporize me to find out.”
Bruce and Steve both moved away.  Clint stepped forward until he was directly in front of the cake and deadpanned, “Bet.”
A rap on the window startled Steve out of his doze.  “Sleeping Beauty, we’re leaving,” Tony said, standing outside the car.  Steve blinked, disoriented.  This wasn’t his bed.  This wasn’t his home.  What in the world was—
Tony shook his head firmly.  “Met her.  Not her.”
you,” Steve placated him, which only made Bruce duck behind Tony.  Sighing, Steve told Linda, “We’ll take them.”
“Hate jazz,” Tony said.
Sighing out loud, he said with real relief, “Hi.  I missed you, too.”
Steve exhaled his own long sigh, then had a seat in the chair at the farthest corner of the room.  Tony instantly felt too far from him, which was a stupid thought, except that—well.  There had been a moment, gripping Steve’s hand, when he had felt like everything would be okay.  But now, reality was cold, and hungry, and lonely, again.
“Let us
Thor immediately brightened.  “Join me, then, in the song of your people!”
“Tony—”
some good.  Been pushed up the mountain all day,” he huffed, leaning into Steve again, like he was swooning.  “I’m weak.  Carry me.”
Despite the peace offering, Steve Rogers remained in a foul mood.  His shirt was too damn small, his teammates were being interrogated in a foreign country, and his shoulder still hurt from the reduction.  (At least he could blame something other than his own stupidity when attempt number one became attempt number seven.  “Built Ford Tough, huh?” Clint had jested.  Steve had used his working arm to jab him hard enough in the gut that Clint had switched out with Thor, who had managed to reduce Steve’s shoulder in one quick
Steve snapped, “Don’t move.”
A choked laugh escaped Steve, barely a huff of breath.  No, no, they were not trying to be his enemy.  But they were hunting him down.  He swung around, unable to keep his back to them, but it was just Natasha and Hill.  He wanted to ask if he tore down the wall, how many agents would be snooping behind it.
is coffee.”  He downed it, then set the cup aside.  He still looked rough around the edges, although a bit less
.”  With the spark of an inspired idea, he retreated to the closet, yanked the fire extinguisher off the wall, and pointed it at Steve.  “I’m giving you
have a
Grimly, Steve said, “I’d rather not say.”
. o .
“And you think we’ll take it away from you,” Rhodey summarized.
.  He gave me his shot.  And do you know what I did with it?”  He spread his hands.  “Shut down a weapons’ factory and told Nick Fury to stop calling me.”
“You mean from the radiation,” chimed in a woman.
“We’ve got thirty hours until we reach our destination, you might as well tell me now,” Tony told him.
look, that Steve felt like scowling at, if only out of habit, before exercising compassion to nod at the glowing blue light in Tony’s chest.  Tony noticed his gaze, then rolled his eyes and mouthed,
“It caught fire,” Clint said, clasping Tony on the shoulder before yelping as Tony shocked him with his pen.  Steve needed one of those.
From a short distance, Hulk snorted sharply.  They both turned to look.  Hulk was looking after them, nostrils flaring.  Steve sighed, waved a hand, and shouted back, “I’m just takin’ a walk.”  Hulk growled.  “I’ll come back.”
6:15 P.M.
“We’re not gonna fight,” Steve warned.
“Hulk, buddy, can we have Banner back now?” Tony wheedled.
“I’m still waiting to feel uncomfortable.”
,” Tony snapped, thumping on the window.  Clint turned the car back off.  Looking back at Steve, Tony gestured ahead.  “After you, my dear.”
“No,” Dr. Banner grunted, evidently not in a forgiving mood.  “I haven’t.  I haven’t made contact with—”  Sucking in a breath, he deflated visibly.  “We’re fucked.”
Still going west.
“You eat like someone hasn’t fed you in seven
.  But Steve could do it, with or without his cooperation.
Deliberately finishing his food, he told Jeanie, “I’ll take that bill now, thanks.”
having a stroke,” Steve said, giving into temptation and covering his ears. “Why are there
As they exited the hot wings bar, Bruce took Tony gently aside, grasped him by both shoulders, and said seriously, “Take me back to the hotel, or I will Hulk out right now.”
, Tony thought affectionately.  “Steve can kick Kevin’s ass,” Tony went on.  To his eternal credit, Steve frowned at the word choice more than the actual swing.
Steve started to fold down his pile—he had no idea what was going on, but he suspected he would be better off keeping his mouth shut and going along with it—when Tony slapped his hand over his, interrupting him.
Shrugging apologetically, Steve said, “It’s a good book.”
is why we can’t have nice things.  Somebody has a dream.  It’s a beautiful dream.  And then reality chews it up and spits it back out.  And that’s your baby, your
“The movie’s starting,” Clint shushed.
“We have made the discovery of a lifetime,” Stovok observed, oddly congratulatory, as they sat on the shore, soaking in the metaphasic radiation.  Romanova had retreated to convene with Hill and the others, leaving the Vulcan and the Terran alone on a world far from home.  “If a long-range teleportation system can be set up—”
Steve hesitated a moment, but Mayor Cuff took one look at him and said seriously, “If I did not recognize that face,” and added, “It’s an honor to meet you, Captain.  I followed your story closely.  We all did.  Come,” he added to them all.  “Have a seat.”
me,” Tony said, gratefully switching gears.  “You
, he thought, and screamed, broken open,
“Pretty sure
“Elevator held,” F.R.I.D.A.Y. echoed.
“I hate space,” Bruce repeated.  “I never want to go to space again.”
“Thank you,” Aislinn told him.  “Aren’t you that billionaire?”
He breathed.  Thinly.  Desperately.  His heart beat so fast each breath was sub-par, bordering on anoxia.  He hated that he could be rendered mute by his own body, paralyzed with pain, but there was simply nothing he could say, no way to answer,
Steve drew in a long breath.  Exhaled it slowly.  “You’re not really a spy.  You’re a soldier.  That’s what soldiers do.”
That got a huff of laughter from Tony Stark.  “I’m pretty sure she’s my guardian angel.  But I don’t believe in God.”
Steve frowned.  “Lottery?  What do you mean,
“Where is this going, Tony?” Steve demanded, off-camera.
Tony was right.
thumped him in the back of the head.
wallet.  “Hey, birdbrain, you done?”
He could feel Tony breathing desperately, gasping, trying so hard to live.  Steve reached out, grabbed a metal hand, and squeezed until the metal finally retreated.
Tony made a disgruntled noise.  “Seems a bit
“That’s a scorched Earth if I’ve ever seen one,” Tony submitted, staring at the enormous space rock, red-hot and deeply wounded.
,” but it was soft, and his name, and Steve knew that it was important, so he prodded:
“That’s why you bring bear spray,” Clint said, patting his own hip.  “Or a gun.”
“No one’s making you do this,” Natasha was saying, her voice quiet enough it would not carry.
“You really like them.”
, and realized Tony would frankly kill himself in the Arctic without guidance.
“Mr. Stone stopped by.”
to the Mercedes SLS, which is the immediate precursor to the AMG GT S,
On they went, proceeding in a lopsided and unusual manner through the bird hall.  Steve had never even thought of having a “favorite bird” before, but he found himself drawn to certain ones, including a dark blue one with a red Roman helmet of feathers called a
The choice was easy.  What was unexpected was Steve sitting up, wrapping his good arm around Tony, and pulling him into a firm, protective embrace.
Tony said unrepentantly, “I don’t know, I’d say this is pretty good.  Would you rather be dead?”
“I am Ashley Coleman,” the gentleman agreed.  He frowned thoughtfully at Clint.  “Why do you look familiar?”
“Okay,” Tony said at last, and Steve instantly resumed petting him.  Tony sighed with uncontained frustration, resting his chin on top of Steve’s head momentarily, wondering how the hell he was supposed to make it until morning, where he would be
When she walked towards the fissure, he did not hesitate to follow.
He reached up for his neck, fished out the dog tags, and held onto them in a closed fist.  A solemn reminder:
Tony sighed a little, but waved him on.  He hated feeling weak, but at least Rhodey helped him get settled at an upright angle before stepping through the door, giving Steve a meaningful look in passing.
“You would miss me terribly if I was gone,” Tony sniffed.
Tellurium hopped back onto the bed as soon as Steve got out of it, but she settled by Tony’s feet, which was acceptable.  “Happy Christmas,” he told Steve.
“It hurts,” Tony said.  “A lot.”
Tony resisted the heroic urge to stamp his foot.  “I am
They went to a bar and played cards.
that Tony looked around, spotted a landline, and tossed the entire unit at Steve’s fucking head.
They covered at least a quarter of a mile around a ninety-foot stretch of land, zigging and zagging between home and first base.  Like a hound chasing a hare, Steve lost ground on the turns, nearly losing his footing every time.  After the second fall, he realized he might actually be outmatched by a seasoned spy who had grown naturally into his stature.  It did not want to compute—he was
Steve did what felt right; he hitched himself up onto the goddamn table, folded into a sit, and dragged Iron Man’s torso onto his lap.  He could not believe his own life, his own role in the strange dream it had become, holding onto the metal monster and willing him to unravel, just so they could—goddamn do something,
. o .
With faint exasperation, Steve explained, “It hasn’t even been a month, Tony.  If I—gave up on them, that easy, then it’s like I—wouldn’t have missed them at all.”  Even saying the words hurt.  But they were also liberating.  Like admitting that they still mattered made their existence more real.  Closer to him.  “I don’t want to grow apart.  I don’t want to let go.”  That was too close.  He backpedaled gently: “If I’m not careful, next thing you know, I’ll start wearing jeans.”
One short stop at the nearest convenience store later:
“Loud and clear,” was all Hill said, her voice still so perfectly dry, like she was not afraid of him, at all.  That only put his hackles up—how could she not be afraid, she had seen the footage, not just of New York but surely of his escape, she was Fury’s righthand, she knew what he could do, he could rip people
“Thank you, Jeanie,” Tony said suddenly.
.”  The bear snuffled off, breathing loudly through its open mouth.  “I don’t think it knows we’re here.”
took a while.  Tony gnawed on a knuckle to distract himself from the deep ache in his back, unsure how he was going to survive the next
freaking out?  Why did
Tony followed him into the dark woods abutting the field.  “I have trouble believing
“You know, we’ve been worried sick about you,” Tony said quietly.
broken Happy’s hand, first.  “Nothing,” he said at last.  “I’m just here for the ride.”
“It was no storm.  It was a
Taking a chance—Tony had already had an opportunity to flip through it, at his own leisure, no less, at the Falls—Steve handed it over.  Tony cracked it open halfway, to two perfectly blank pages, and pulled the charcoal pencil out of the cover.
. o .
, calling for paramedics, and then a rough hand grabbed his own, planted it over the arc reactor, and Pierce asked, “What the hell are you doing?”
Only then would the original sedimentary fibers—the tortured muscle, the broken bedrock bone, and the ripped open blood vessels—metamorphose into a stable compound, a compound capable of flexing but not fracturing under the heat and pressures of which they were tormented by for three months.
“That won’t be necessary,” Tony dismissed.
Thor chuckled and Tony’s ears reddened, but he refused to move.
“That it?” Tony interrupted.
It was a rather nonsensical job, given the company, but it was still a job.
“Are you okay?” the monster asked, naïve as ever, believing there was such a thing as a normal Tuesday in Tony Stark’s body.  There was, once, and then, through the power of aging and alcoholism, there were fewer episodes.  Now, he could not define where the pain was supposed to end.  The pain felt inextricably intertwined with him, like a bramble threaded into his very bones.  The thought of others yanking on the edges to see where they were embedded made him want to scream in frustration.
.”  Sulking, he added, “This is Fury’s fault.  I can feel it.  He never wanted me on the flagship.”
Steve snapped the board in half.
Abruptly, Tony slapped the egg back in the carton, somehow
Just before sunrise, Steve draped a blanket over him.
Tony looked at Stovok.  “What’s a
Shaking his head in disbelief, Tony said, “God damn, God damn, God damn,” until Steve turned around and hugged him back.
, Tony turned back to the Ba’ku and pointed out, “You let us in.  What changed?”
Maybe he was.  But at least he wasn’t afraid.  There was no place, in his world or the futurians’, where he would not go.
Tony had not been cleared to drink, but he had accepted the alcohol gratefully.  Anything to numb the mind.
It was so far below the ice that it was nearly darkness, yet there was still enough blue light to easily navigate the icy room.
“I would never expect you to,” Stovok assured dryly.  “You have been an invaluable asset and would be missed on the
“Do this,” Stovok said shortly.
, Thor,” Steve finally managed, and that,
Steve exhaled in relief.  Bruce trembled visibly beside him, looking shaken but not harmed.
“Shuddup or I’ll send him back,” Tony threatened, heaving to pull Bruce out, who seemed perfectly content to be dragged for the remainder of his journey.  “How stoned are you?”
Natasha drove.  Clint, Thor, and Bruce fit snug as bugs in the backrow.  Which left Tony and Steve.
“Don’t hurt him,” Steve ordered.
“He has an idea.”
Mayor Cuff had a wonderful way of speaking, easygoing but meandering, never so straightforward as to become droll.  If he had asked for the rights to tell Steve’s life story, Steve might have handed them over, then and there.
“We are not going to die,” Stovok interjected coolly.
Speakin’ a nuts, though:
“. . . What?”
get rid of me.”
Tony snorted an indifferent laugh, looking around for actual tape to cover the bloody hole in his arm.  Steve set aside their differences to fetch some for him.  Good man.  “Fuck you,” Tony told him anyway, wrapping gauze around his entire arm.  He hated pulling tape off his skin.  The less pain, the
The door shut behind Tony, and the world caved in.
The heat from the semi-dormant volcano seemed to give Stovok a second wind.  Not so for Tony.  He sweltered in his gabardine uniform, cursing himself for not removing the top half of his uniform at the lip of the volcano.  At least it protected him from the heat radiating far below, oozing between cracks in the hardened rock.  Any closer, and they would really start to feel it.  He was still considering removing the tunic when he bumped into a stationary Stovok’s back.
“You’re a regular genius,” Clint deadpanned.
For the first time, he wondered if Tony was an asthmatic.
“See the tracks ahead?”
Besides, where else was Steve going to spend his future money, if not boosting his team’s morale?
“Careful, I have a knife, it could slip,” Tony dismissed, already carving another slice of his cake.  “I’m an
but Tony’s preferred method was alcohol, and being shitfaced would probably only make cave-diving worse.
Steve looked at the Mansion, wondering what kind of beauty and ugly Tony was rambling on about, before shaking his head and moving on.
They listened to the crickets for a while, the intermittent clicks of dragons, the quiet wintry night.  It was cool enough for Christmas sweaters, but not so cold Tony could not bear to sit outside.
He would feel more strongly about it if Stovok a) was not a commissioned officer, who had assumed the risks when he had first enlisted in Starfleet, unlike Tony, who was a mere provisional scientist and engineer and enjoyed the comforts of interstellar home and b) had worse thermoregulation than Tony.  Vulcans were built tougher than most species.  Where Tony’s teeth began to chatter, Stovok said with only a whiff of annoyance, “It seems highly improbable that no cave systems would form in this environment.  Perhaps it is the low salinity.”
“Damn.  Straight,” Tony murmured.
He turned to leave.  Thor grasped him by the shoulders, reminding him that he was a warrior, fearless in the face of the Chitauri and surely fearless in the face of such monsters, but it was not the monsters troubling him, it was the water, the water, the dappled light on the floor signaling they were in deep.
To his surprise, Natasha answered.  He looked at her for a long moment, mentally shuffling his impression of her to include the blonde hair—a part of him suspected that she was a natural brunette, just to spite them—before looking pointedly over her shoulder, at the S.H.I.E.L.D. agent sitting on the made bed.
participated in?”
“. . . Right.”
, he promised himself, every painstaking hour, every grueling moment spent drifting between hopeless agony and determined recovery.
The ball shot off into the darkness.  Clint shouted, “Thor!  You’re up!”
Rolling his eyes, Steve swiped the lollipop from him before he could unwrap it.  Tony frowned at him.
Barton wheedled, “But I want—”
.  You ever seen a guy in desperation throw another guy his own lifeline?  It happens.  But it’s rare.”
There was no reprieve.  “Just the guy I wanted to see,” Clint greeted, clasping him on the shoulder.  “Listen, I know this is your and Stark’s moment, but I have to ask: can we get cake?”
And then, even as Tony watched, the Vulcan began to dissolve.  He did not cry out in pain; he simply vanished from the red Earth, as did Dr. Banner and Tony Stark, in nearly exactly the same instant.
“I don’t have to
“Is it not in your nature to share knowledge?” added Anij.  “To tell those who allow you to drift among the stars what treasures you find?”
“Look, you either keep a lid on it or you get locked up,
Right: because Tony Stark was never a Boy Scout.  His life’s motto—hah, life mottos; like
“Is that a threat?”
“So, how
” Dr. Banner squawked.
“Are you not capable of purchasing a small transport vessel for your own leisure?” Stovok pointed out.
“You know what amazes me?” Barnes said.  “We should’ve won this war in three days.  But instead, we’re . . . goddamn, we’re getting our asses kicked.”
With a kick that looked more like a shove, Clint knocked him back down.  Tony
Tony blinked, convinced it was an illusion.  He had had drug-induced hallucinations before.
lacking.”
Tony could not answer.
“No,” Tony said.  “I was distracted.  By your eyes.”
“I didn’t steal nothing,” Steve muttered.  “You’re a mooch.”
For once, Tony did not push.
death trap”—and Commander Stovok, the half-Vulcan who would not hesitate to drag him out, if need be.
,” Tony seethed.
Steve had his shield braced around Tony’s chest, ready to block a bullet, before the stranger was halfway across the room.  The man had a lumbering aura, like a bear.  Tony said, “Wow, I could just swoon,” in a dry, sarcastic way, that made Steve almost lower the shield before the bear-of-a-man neared and really did pull a gun.
, and put the vague worry out of those dark eyes.
Rhodey said, “Tony, come on,” and pulled him up, into a hug.  It hurt, like he was made of splinters and no way he sat would work, but at least Rhodey knew what it was like, to hurt that kind of way, and he had nothing special inside his genetic code, trying to put all the splinters back together.  A warm hand curved around the back of his head, protecting it, as he pressed down on Rhodey’s shoulder.
Tony snorted a genuine laugh.  “Gives a whole new meaning to Bible-thumper, doesn’t it?”  Tony looked around for something else to throw, only making a soft noise of complaint when Steve grabbed him and pulled him into a full body embrace.  “What’cha doin’?”
Then again, they had been married for three years, and Tony had done crazier things.
Tony raised both eyebrows, then folded both arms across his chest.
“Screams,” Steve said.  “Whole time.”  He did not wish to be seen as a bad cat owner.  A bad cat owner would have made the cat walk in the puddles.  Then again, cats did not listen very well to orders; walking one off-leash would have been rather difficult.
he mused, stretching, luxuriating in the quiet, the peace.
Shaking his head in mute awe, Steve trudged along the dark, barely-lit path, ignoring the Stark-shaped koala on his back, telling himself it was just cargo, and maybe he would carry Clint next, just to make a point—he did not play favorites, he carry any of his teammates if the need arose.  That the need was scarcely likely to arise for Natasha, who could look after herself, or Thor, who might very well
mind?” Steve echoed warily, wondering, somehow, if Tony had read it, if Tony had seen the vast arctic space that had overtaken the landscape of Steve’s world, freezing everything in place.  It was all still there.
“Sometimes, I wish you’d stay,” Tony sighed.
(See the end of the chapter for
Like all her siblings, she was mostly white-gray, but she had a tinted undercoat that hinted at her adult colors.  Thallium was one of three green-tinted dragons, but unlike her more feral brothers, Praseodymium and Neodymium, she seemed people-curious, like Tin-Tin and Curie.
“Mr. Stark” waved a hand, stepping into the war room and weaving a little.  “Could be lying on a beach.  Drinking a Saurian brandy.  Consider my generosity logged.  What’s the sitch?”
. o .
“Listen,” Tony insisted, getting up.  “Come with me.
Resistance proved futile.  Even Natasha voted in favor of the stop; Bruce, alone, abstained.  Even knowing that ten future dollars equaled seventy-five real cents—and one real dollar equaled a standard seat at a baseball game—Steve felt the pain of sixty dollars in admissions.  To his credit, Tony
While the exact definition is up for grabs, even
“Pitstop,” Clint agreed, tapping the little hearing aids.  “I wanna fly.  Like, all the time.  Step on it, genius-man.”
Steve gave him a solidly assessing look, like
P.S. If you'd like to experience a bit of the musical cultural shock, check out this
. o .
Somewhere, somehow—he slept.
“Aye,” Coleman said, like Clint was talking to him.  “Take some.”
“I know more than well to hold my drink,” Thor placated, slightly louder but still composed, a gentle giant’s smile on his face.  He offered the flask to Bruce, who stared at it with owlish eyes.
“Well, that one was almost usable,” Steve congratulated, sitting in a director’s chair, holding a jar of chocolate chip cookies in his lap.  “Could you try lifting your voice a little at the end?  You sound like you’re at a funeral, Tony.”
,” he repeated, as Steve tried, again, to push him away.  “Stop it.
“You look good,” Rhodes observed.  “Hell of a lot better than the last time I saw you.”
Stovok’s expression was carefully blank, but he oozed wistfulness as he looked up at the sky.
or—or
“It’s a punishment?  Kinky.”
” Tony repeated, refusing to
Peter resumed weeping.  “You’re getting
Steve said nothing.
(See the end of the chapter for
But Steve called the bluff.  And Tony began to make the descent.
“Must be a new
“Scariest dragon I’ve ever seen,” Rhodes agreed.
The presiding hatchlings—Indium, Tellurium, and Curium—fell upon the packages with a vengeance.  Most were food, which was convenient, seeing as dragons could eat just about anything.  “They like them,” Thor observed, pleased.  “I was not sure what they would appreciate.”
.”  Steve broke his hold, frustrated beyond reckoning, and Tony let him.  Tony watched him tear the straps, not getting them loose—foresight was building in complexity, and complexity slowed Steve down—but getting them half-loose.  His hand shook.
Steve looked over, but the voice came from a woman seated behind the counter, arms folded across her chest.
Tony relaxed a little, unconsciously afraid he would have to struggle through an explanation, but there was something in those two words that allayed it.  The need to even try.  “Thank you.”
Home came to them.
“Well,” Steve said, when neither Bruce nor Tony moved.  “I had hoped to find some peace and quiet.”  He stood up and reentered the log cabin, letting the door shut pointedly behind him.
A red shirted teleportation operator checked out as Starfleet.  Scraping his hand on a jutting rock, Tony cursed colorfully, rubbing the stinging appendage against his own black shirt.  “It’s fine, don’t worry about it,” he grumbled, silencing Stovok’s concerned hum.  “We’ll flag a passing ship and contact Starfleet.  We know this area is patrolled.”
Stovok spared him a look, despite the ever-diminishing visibility.  Then he looked over Tony’s shoulder and said, with something approaching relief: “There.”  Tony turned and followed Stovok towards the rock wall, not seeing what he saw until they were right on top of it.  “This could be to our great advantage.”
,” Tony repeated, firing a soft blast at the floor near Steve, who did not even twitch.
. o .
Mayor Cuff extended both hands in an inviting fashion.  “I’m Eugene Cuff,” he introduced.  “I’m the Mayor of this fine city.  And you are?”
“What?” he managed.  “They haven’t—I would’ve—”  He stumbled over the words, because aside from his cat nap, he hadn’t once fallen prey to potential manipulation.  He liked to think Stovok would surely rouse if intruders came, but the Vulcan sleep was deep.  He could very well have slept through such a manipulation.  Horror struck him.  “Did they steal our kidneys?” he hissed.
He could not even gape for words, frozen in place, time, emotion.
Tony looked at the notes on the arc reactor, an almost loving fondness on his face, then flipped indifferently to a new page.
In May.
He wanted his dragon, and he wanted his dragon, and he wanted his dragon.
“Perhaps.”  Then, sobering, Thor halted, dragging Steve to a forceful stop beside himself.  Tony halted, too.
Steve thought about it—lounging in the grass, sipping lemonade, whiling away the beautiful day—before shaking his head.  “Nah,” he said cheerfully.  “Not Irish if I did.”  And he marched back off to work.
Tony thought,
“Don’t listen to him,” Tony murmured to the Onyx.
.”  Tony nudged Steve’s foot with his own, then danced back a pace, careful to avoid a retaliatory swipe that did not come.  “Let’s go.
“Unless you have brought along your armor, Stark,” Thor interjected, “I would not advise it.”
Tony readjusted his grip so he was hugging his own arms around Steve’s neck, his palms sore from squeezing so hard.  Conveniently, it blocked Steve from raising his own arms to remove Tony’s, keeping him in place.
“You clean up nice, big fella,” Tony acknowledged, turning to him and gesturing at his maroon overcoat.  “Digging the red.”
" car in honor of the films.
“Think it’s how some people get by,” Steve mused.  “You know.  When the heartbreak hits.  Easier to think it’s not personal because it never was.”
, Tony.”
There was a soft hiss, and then Romanova stepped completely out of her spacesuit.  Stovok did the same.  Tony lingered a moment, uncertain—returning to the ship had some appeal, especially after the misadventures on Nibiru—but the thought of Stovok with Thor or, God forbid,
At Steve’s disgruntled but not mad demeanor, he even tucked an arm around Steve’s elbow—Steve, unsurprisingly, allowed it—and squeezed hard, a brief but sincere half-hug.  “My big dork,” he disclaimed.
Tony could barely bring himself to paw around, with trembling fingers, for the bottle.  Not the decanter—the simple orange pill bottle.  He flung it at Steve.  Even in near darkness, Steve caught it.  The sound it made was empty.  “It
“You asked it.”
no idea what you’re talking about,” Tony said.  “Get dressed, we’re going to—”
It was a morbid alternative, to save Tony’s life.  “C’mon, Iron Man,” Steve insisted, ignoring the renewed throb in his own side with every step towards the Tower, the beacon of light that would save Iron Man’s life, even though it was in ruins, and its maker was all but dead in his arms.
From the moment he stepped off the elevator, he could hear loud, upbeat music playing behind closed doors.  He sighed, already imagining the noise complaints waiting for him.  Wasting no time, he knocked firmly on the door.  There was no immediate change—no, somebody started up a blender.  A
Shaking his head, Tony passed the card back and said simply, “Too recognizable.”
“Yes,” Tony said, but Clint was already pulling out his telephone to prove it.  “There’s no time,” Tony interrupted, shooing him away.  “Get in, we’re going to a movie.”
Tony stared at the bracelet for a moment, then closed his fingers around it, leaving his hand in Steve’s open palm for a moment.  “You know I can deactivate these remotely.”
A thin, black-and-white tabby immediately brushed against Steve’s leg.  “This one,” Steve said.
“I’m sure she was a very lovely woman.”
.”  He tied off the gauze roll, then chucked it at Steve’s head.  For some reason, he wasn’t expecting it, and it actually made contact.  Tony told him, “I hate you, you insufferable pri—”
“Proceed with the original plan, Lieutenant,” Stovok said coolly.
, he realized.
“No,” Tony said, surprising him.  He lifted his chin slightly.  “I create my own path.”  Then he swiped the hat back and placed it back on his head at a jaunty angle.
He slowed.  He stopped.  He looked around.
. o .
—”  His voice broke.
“I’m sorry, Bruce,” Tony said, honestly, because he was.  Marker had killed Terror, not in cold blood, but in self-defense.  It made the wound no less painful, the agony of the outcome no less gutting—that Bruce was willing to talk to Tony was a miracle, even if it was from an ocean away.  “You’re still my friend,” he added.
“It’s the horns, isn’t it?”
With Thallium dozing on his chest, Tony watched Marker, who gazed back at him.  Indium sniffed around the fire, his chest splashed indigo in the firelight.  Then red Curium pranced over and tackled his brother.  They snapped and clicked at each other, like a pair of flashlights flicking on and off.  Thallium sat up to watch but declined to join the brawl.  When Indy finally pinned Curie, Marker clicked, firecracker loud, and both small dragons separated and scampered off.
From a hundred different directions, the glacier crackled, respiring with the thready breaths of a frozen river.  A steady wind blew throughout the cavern, providing welcome airflow, while an unfrozen river trickled past their feet, smoothing over and around swaths of rounded pebbles.  It was nail-biting, downstairs: not merely another cold room, but a cold so filling it could be cupped in one’s hands and drunk, like water.  While the rounded pebbles were gray and black, every dripping inch of ice was ethereal blue.
,” Thor said grimly, already swinging his hammer in a circle.  He took off.
. o .
Shaking his head, Tony lifted a hand to clasp the side of his head.  He had a headache.  He wanted to lie down.
Then a voice, clicking, high-pitched, and the little Nibiran scattered, piping back gleefully.  There were noises of relief and scolding, and then the last of the Nibirans moved on.
“Gonna be hell getting out of there,” Tony observed, crackling over.
“When you say it like that,” he began softly, but he was out of breath, out of arguments, out of paltry lies.  He wanted to writhe with it, frustration, indignation.  A part of him wanted Steve to hurt.
Life with a cat was full of challenges.
. o .
“But not this place,” Sojef said, cheerful demeanor back on, in full-force.  “This place is like heaven.  Why would we leave?”
“For the last time: we are not going to starve,” Tony said, very firmly.  “We’re going to get food poisoning.”
The backdoor to the farmhouse burst open.  “Merry BIRTH-day, to THEE,” Thor sang, holding up a cake covered in dozens of flaming candles.  Bruce shrank further into his seat, while Steve blinked twice in surprise.
Steve led the way.  Like most nights, they were curled up around Snow in a pile.  Barium and Ferrum were off to one side, black and silver, but the others were all in a pile.  Tony swayed with emotion.
“Truly,” Steve agreed.
When Tony asked what Marker wanted from this life, dream-Marker replied,
. o .
“The Klingons call it
, he would rather die than
Tony grumbled but obligingly unzipped the suit, stepping out of it and clasping Stovok by both arms.  “You’re
Gratefully, Steve wound up his internal clock and shut his eyes.
“I’ve had enough’a together, in Chicago,” Steve admitted, which dimmed some of the light in Tony’s smile, reminding him that it was late and dark and quiet, somewhere, and maybe they were supposed to be quiet, too.  “Been a helluva night,” Steve conceded, slightly more graciously.
Pierce looked murderous.
.  Five-five-five,” he bit out, “five-five-one.”
Stovok ignored him for a few more seconds, then turned the sink off, returned, and grimaced firmly at the fruit, back in Tony’s hand.  “Acid,” he said.  “Highly acidic.  Like a—”
“Nothing happened, Tony,” Steve assured, surprised to find his own voice forgiving.  Sure, he had been beaten up by the river, but he had lived to tell the tale.  Maybe Clint would have jumped, had he given the man the opportunity.  Certainly, Clint would have died if he had.
“Feed pigs and look at the Moon?”
“Uh-huh.”
, Tony had explained once, curled up inside the dryer, like a cat.  He had many eccentric tastes.  He had always been smarter than Steve, taking advantage of them.
“And Gerald,” Tony said, indicating his favorite, the full-sized alpaca, in an adjacent pen.
It was Cap’s turn to go on the defensive, a position that suited him ill—“Wait a—now, hold on,” he began, the growl in his voice never wavering even as he picked different words.  “Why are
Thor beamed, stepping forward and clasping Steve on the shoulder with one hand.  “You seemed . . . stiff,” Thor elaborated, waving a huge hand.  Thor was a big guy—never more obvious than pinioned against him.
sunk this early on because you pissed off Stark.  Go make happy.”
Taking a laidback approach for once, Tony thumbed a duck-billed dinosaur over his shoulder.  “Finally found something older than you,” Tony said.
He might have screamed when he turned and came face-to-face with the world’s muddiest Vulcan, but at least Stovok did not comment on the pitch.  “You scared the
,” and Thor followed, drink in hand.
“You’d miss my incredible wit.”
Steve did not follow.
“Nope, nuh-uh, I’d rather die.”
“. . . Aren’t you supposed to be a
yeah,” Clint said, hopping decisively in the front passenger seat.  “Let’s go see some
“But he never did?”
Me: I really don't care what he does to me.
Anthony love: I was planning to do it at the Playground where I’m the boss, but I’m not anymore because you’re a brat.
Tony: Are you already in Malta?
Counselor Laura: Everything worth doing is complicated.
Me: Tell her thank you, once it’s a reasonable time in DC. Also, I’m sorry. I didn’t realize it was that late.  I would just feel better if I could talk to her. I’m a little restless.
Purple Arrow: Or cutting his head clean off.
I thought about reclassifying this as a text message conversation, but I see it as Ana just trying to help Deke write his report by conducting an interview.
Tony: I’m well aware California is going to be highly unpleasant and not just because you’re not with me. I’m still trying to figure out how much I want to yell at Happy. Or him yell at me or vice versa. It’s all really complicated.
Chief Mechanic: Five, BITC’s not allowed over anymore.
The Big Boss: He’ll probably be on a plane tomorrow.
Anthony: Anyway, she stayed at SI until sometime during my Afghanistan captivity. It wasn’t until after my public superhero coming out that I found out she left because cancer sucks. At least I got to see her again before dying, which is more than I can say for Jr. Sharon purposely had SHIELD send her off on some mission in the middle of nowhere because she couldn’t deal with watching her mom die. Her mom needed her there and she wasn’t.
TSP: Thrift Savings Plan. This is the government equivalent of a 401(k)
FRIDAY: Not necessarily. Ana Jarvis was a close personal friend of Director Carter. She may have investigated the incident simply as a means to receive closure.
HSBF: Yes, but one of them is the Yankees.
(See the end of the chapter for
Me: I’m just happy she was willing to help.
"Should we intervene?" Sam asked after a few moments.
Counselor Laura: We're doing an all-hands meeting? The last one ended with Simmons throwing up on my shoes.
“Is he dead now?” Natasha asked with an angry look in her eyes.
“Wait, you guys already did that?” MJ asked, surprised.
May doesn’t respond to that message. Instead she puts the phone down as Fitz checks on her again. But once she looks at his eyes, she knows that it’s not him. It’s the other one. The one that went through something so bad that the same darkness that she saw in herself after Bahrain was reflected back at her. What the hell happened to him?
“The questions have been sent to your Stark phone Mr. May-Rogers," Friday replied.
Red phone: Well, your spy was born after January 1986, so she's definitely not an option. Also, I went to grad school with her mom and I think there’s a 67% chance I may have changed a diaper or two.
Blue phone: That didn't work so well did it?
Red phone: No. That would just make things worse. Thankfully, she just thinks I'm dating some random 35-year-old. Friday redeemed herself by reversing the 8 and the 1 in your birth year before Pepper grabbed my phone.
Avenger Friday: Yes, Director May-Rogers.
Anthony: I realize that now. If I need to hideout, I have my own sovereign nation island. But no, nothing like that.
I’m sure we’ll have some time to talk. Tony is supposed to actually participate in this conference. I wasn’t planning on actually being Stefan Carter at the event, but I think I need to be. It would be safer that way.
Tony: Good news, the principal really likes my apple strudel and offering to help with the holiday pageant bake sale has endured me with Principal Morita. Or maybe it was Afia showing off pictures of her future stepdad. I’m like 88% sure he knows that Stefan is really you.
“Yes. Now I have a boyfriend in another country to excuse my overseas trips that are not SI connected. Also, I have a wedding in Mumbai the last week of October as well. The son of a friend from MIT who I actually still speak to occasionally. I could use a +1 and I’m hoping the medical restrictions will be gone by then.”
Anthony: It will be because I still don’t have twitter privileges yet. And considering what we’re watching, it’s probably for the best. Otherwise I would be making snide comments about Jonathan Windom West’s apparently tiny genitalia and lack of sexual prowess.
Laura was now 100% sure she was in a different timeline. For one thing, her May and Steve started talking to each other again in 2016, not 2018. That’s not even mentioning Tony and Steve burying the hatchet the same year and getting engaged. Phil is alive and well in her timeline for another. Laura began to wonder if this was the timeline that James Leopold, a.k.a. other Fitz came from. Yes, she knows about the other Fitz as well as some of things that happened in the other timeline. She knows that Tony and Steve never reconciled there and Tony was about to marry Pepper before Leo was pushed back in time. Phil Coulson was dying. She knows that James Leopold mostly had a psychotic break because he was trying so hard to prevent the events that led to his terminal illness. Laura is also pretty sure she heard Simmons say that her Fitz died in a monolith explosion. That would be way too much of a coincidence to happen in two timelines.
Counselor Laura: Anyway, Steve didn’t want to be in a position to keep something from you again, so he asked Friday to look into his suspicions. Friday asked Leo, not the original timeline Fitz but the Leo that came from this time to look into it. Because of his time in the framework as Hydra's head, he knew where the bodies were buried.
OIG stands for the Office of Inspector General. In this case, we’re specifically talking about the Inspector General for the Department of State. I feel like the office was busy during the Ross administration in the MCU. At least they are busy in the timeline of my story.
Nomad: And the fewer people that know the two are one and the same, the better?
Me: I’m not surprised. It’s not really my shield anymore. It’s Melinda’s call now.
HSBF: I probably wouldn't lead with that.
Anthony: May Parker is the guardian of one of our recent September Foundation recipients that has been assigned to be my personal intern for the 2016- 2017 school year. She invited me to dinner to show her gratitude and I’m not that much of an ingrate that I would say no. That’s it. No scandal here. Please respect the privacy of her and her nephew.
Me: We could talk about the fact that you just got a third chance. Do you think you’ll get a fourth one? Do you want to risk that?
HSBF: That was not it. I don't care if people know that I'm not heterosexual. He threatened to torpedo your creation of the DODC after the battle of New York. And considering I saw all too well what evil people can do with alien tech, I’d rather you were overseeing it than someone else. In the end, it kept a lot of things out of the hands of Hydra because Shield would've been handling it otherwise.
Time sent: 11/12/2016 8:56:12
Me: Miss you too.
May: He’s in love with Tony, and I’m in love with a dead man. At least one of us should get what we want.
Me: Careful there, language
Yes, progress has been made, but they’re still really oblivious. Did you pick up on what inconvenient truth Friday told Tony and Steve about that they ignored?
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last chapter. You are all absolutely lovely. In celebration of homecoming being available for digital download, therefore giving me the ability to look at scenes again and not go by memory, you are getting an update today.
“At least you didn’t accidentally post a pic of your genitalia on Instagram. Kamala didn’t talk to me for a month after that incident. She was so embarrassed because all her friends at school kept asking her about it.” Steve lamented. Tony remembers that social media screw up very well. It was the highlight of last October. Robin was actually sleeping over the night that it happened.
Me: Exactly. I can see that it would get really annoying if you were dating someone who only wanted you because they only saw you just as Captain America and not because of what Steve Rogers brings to the table. You would just be a trophy.
Red phone: I wonder if that’s how Spidey became Spidey?
We can totally do winter school at my house at an undisclosed location. I can even arrange for extra teachers to show up. Although, if you are there, the agent who shares a name with your aunt will also be there. I think she would like to spend some quality time with her other BFF.
Nomad: If I had just done something different on the train then we wouldn’t be here.
Me: I’m also glad you took a nap because you’re going to need your strength. I’m planning for you to get writer’s cramp tonight. Even if you won’t let me talk you through other fun activities to do with your hand.
Ana Jr.: She is improving under treatment in Wakanda.
Blue phone: She was. Although we never actually dated. We were mostly just FWB
That’s essentially what happened when Robbie’s uncle, Eli Morrow a.k.a. the guy in prison for attempted manslaughter read the book and used a shiny project rebirth knockoff to turn himself into a “superhero”. Which he did and then subsequently skewered half of the security team which really actually made him a super villain. Of course, the fallout involved in an explosion that made Coulson, Fitz, and Robbie become trapped between dimensions.
Me: I was unaware you could make a computer program frustrated.
Me: Nobody’s cooler than you.
Me: She was until various members of the Aryan Brotherhood were made extra crispy by the Rider of East LA yesterday. Your ex-girlfriend flew out there last night to help with the investigation.
Me: I'm even finding Mini Queens adorable even if we keep having to tell him that just because you have your own version of a Vulcan nerve pinch does not mean you can knock out bullies on the playground who make fun of your BFF for not being skinny.
Me: I didn’t know that. Also, didn’t you just say that we should not have conversations like this?
This is essentially an inner dimensional dumping ground of various portals like the one that sent Simmons to the planet of death and Leo back to our timeline. Also, apparently time moves differently here. Maybe just a few hours on Earth, but days or even weeks have past here or at least that’s Friday’s hypotheses. That is not reassuring at all.
I love that site, so you have no idea how happy that makes me. Thank you to whoever did that.
Me: However, in the meantime we can take advantage of the latest in secure videoconferencing.
Girl Friday: I think she prefers Leo as her boss. Despite the fact she had to cover up that he met with Asgardians yesterday and is secretly in charge of the UN Avengers.
Me: I don’t think so because he called me hot twice and wants to invite me to coffee. Or at least that’s what I overheard before they discovered that I’m fluent in Spanish.
(See the end of the chapter for
Me: I didn’t yell. Not after the initial reaction anyway. He told me he was bitten by a spider, but I don’t know if I believe that. How does getting bit by a spider give you the ability to crawl on walls? Walls and apparently the Washington Monument. Oh God. He’s afraid of heights. He threw up on the observation deck when his class took a field trip to the Empire State building.
Blue phone: None of the girls I knew thought that, let alone were willing to pay for it.
To be continued
Monkey lover 2: You said the ceremony was interrupted by ninjas.
Of course, when Peter looked up from his phone, everybody, especially Deke, was staring at him.
Subject: Re: I’m sorry I acted like my father.
HSBF: That’s good.
Venom: That's not good.
“They are together?” Steve asked, surprised. But he really shouldn’t be. Steve knows Hunter comes to the compound on his day off most weeks. He just didn’t realize they were more than friends.
Me: Okay, not Stars & Stripes.
"Go for it, sugar monkey."
Red phone: Friday just had to revive me after my heart stopped because you managed to shock me simply by knowing what FWB is.
In regards to some of the reviews, I want to address how this story will be handling the Accords. I will be taking my cues from Agents of SHIELD on enforcement to some degree because they are the first part of the MCU to really deal with the fallout (even Luke Cage will apparently be taking place pre-Accords and before the episode Watchdog of AOS which takes place in late February early March in the story).
Nomad: I mean, not that I think someone posting pictures of you going to therapy is good because it’s not. I hate that people don’t respect your privacy like they should. I am glad that things are not going as badly as you feared.
Tony: I can want to do something and still be fucking terrified. I’m good at that.
Pepper pot: Because you don't want to risk accidentally wiping Morgan out of existence. Which I agree with because I don't want my daughter to be wiped out of existence.
Melinda: And sometimes that’s selfish. Sometimes that’s not what they want.
Me: I’m not even surprised Spider Brat is having his friend hack into the suit. I’m kind of impressed.
Also, I suggest listening to the song Invisible. It is definitely a Tony and Steve song. I have to figure out how to do a playlist for the story. But at least on this site, I can give you a URL. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n9_gWiwAWrA
Agent L. Barton: Shit. Then she’ll definitely want to help with our plan.
To be continued…
Anthony: Because I’m a masochist with a ridiculous guilt complex who has two therapists and an alcohol problem. No one should measure themselves against me when it comes to good mental health. I’m sure I told you that we’re trying medication.
Anthony: Baby you are the most important meal of the day.
Purple Princess: I just said I didn't want to have this conversation here. We were just talking about a leak problem.
“That would be bad.”
HSBF: I thought the question was about crystal balls?
Agent M: Try more arrows. It is not safe for him right now.
“Honestly, I’m more interested in knowing how they moved past Siberia at all. How did that Tony forgive me?” That part was whispered, but Laura still heard Steve.
Jemma: I am a drunk mess. It's why I wanted us to get Fitz here first. I can’t do this without him. But he moved on.
HSBF: I always felt like CCO was a full-time job.
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last chapter. You are all absolutely wonderful. Sorry it took more than a week for an update on this story. I had family visiting and other commitments that kept me from finding time to post.
Me: God, you’re such a mother hen.
FRIDAY: He respects Agent May greatly and is slightly terrified of her. Also Mr. Stark’s dislike of Sharon Carter is related to the fact that Carter was out of the country when her mother passed of complications of cancer six years ago. Agent Carter’s mother was a friend of Mr. Stark from his time at MIT.
Happy Bear: Does he love you?
"When it comes to women, I have a type."
"I’m saying no for you."
Me: If I remember correctly, that’s when I ended up spending a month with Aunt Peggy and she told me about who you really were, so I kind of got worse after that.
May: What do you need to know?
Xxxxx
Did I ever tell you that the last conversation I had with my uncle Ben was a fight? I don’t even remember what I said to him. It was so stupid, but I never got to apologize. I don't want that to happen again. It’s my biggest regret.
The new consultant: It's not going to end if we can help it. This can be your motivation to make sure it doesn't happen. We will have a plan. That's why we're meeting up to come up with one after all the research.
HSBF: I’ve met her. I can see her doing that.
SimmonsJA: Yes. Also the fact that you’d rather change the subject then talk about this also shows a lack of readiness.
Blue phone: Wealthy?
(See the end of the chapter for
That’s when he explained the truth about AIDA and the framework, including being raped by the LMD. By the end of his story, she wanted to hug him. She also wanted to burn AIDA all over again.
“However, she was created by the guy who accidentally created murder bots. That’s not the best track record,” Hunter remarked.
Anthony: I did tell you about the new nonprofit that I’m starting?
Anthony: That's the point or it can keep her from being a target. I'm starting to regret that the world knows that I’m the guy beneath the mask.
"Ross doesn’t know you’re here, but General Talbot does." He’s not surprised.
Anthony love: I hope that goes better than telling Lily and Corey about their missing mom. When you see me, I’m going to be a little bruised. Clint should be here in an hour, and chances are I’ll end up with more bruises. He punched the wall on the quinjet during his holo-call into the all-hands meeting. So, this is probably not going to go well at all.
Sorry I didn’t update Sunday. I got so busy writing chapters I forgot to upload the new chapter. Yesterday was, unfortunately, an in-person workday, and I didn’t get home until late. This is why I usually only post on the weekends. Thankfully telework allows for other options.
Me: Now, I really wish you were in Malta. I kind of just want to give you a hug.
The boss: There always is. Contrary to what we thought, the monolith blast didn't kill Fitz 1. It caused him to go back in time. Because he decided to try to stop the impending apocalypse, he created a new timeline.
From: Teenage Mutant Ninja Spider
Anthony love: Unless he’s referring to Ross as the devil. That explanation would almost be viable. You know he was using State Department funds to do who knows what before he got kicked out. Platypus and the new M are still trying to figure out all the ways he misappropriated funds.
Purple Princess 2018: Is it really that bad?
Me: With us?
Me: I’ve never been very good at remembering to take medication regularly or anything similar like eating.
Me: Good night, Tony.
“It’s currently being leased to the federal government for the temporary headquarters of the ATCU. Your other self lives in Queens though in a townhouse.”, the AI answered, and Steve found he liked the idea of Tony living in Queens.
HSBF: That doesn’t shock me.
Me: Because that made the website very plain. After watching several, I think you made the right choice. I also love the one about patience. Although I think waiting to see you in South Africa really will be worth it.
Nomad: Why are you worried about Pepper?
Anthony: I think so. Mostly. Thankfully, it is your portfolio. I’m sure you’re happy that the Brooklyn Bridge has barely changed in the last 70 years. There’s a lot of that in here.
“I want Robin's prediction of Morgan being her sister to become true, so that means you can't be a rebound. I want more than that."
“And I’m going to wait until wheels up tomorrow to ask if there are Shield reports.”
I am not sure if I forgive you. I'm working on it. Besides, they say forgiveness is mostly for the person doing the forgiving.
Also the note below was not beta because I didn't realize we were going to get to put this up so soon. All of my betas are absolutely wonderful. So all typos on me.
Anthony: There's also sobriety. The world looks different when you're not inside a bottle. My relationship with Pepper wasn't healthy. I'm hoping my relationship with you will be better.
Red phone: My house gets blown up, my BFF ends up paralyzed, Pepper almost ends up dead, I tried to kill your BFF and let's not even talk about the fuck up that was Ultron.
“That’s just lovely,” Tony sighed.
Also, note that these messages aren’t always being sent back to back. Sometimes there could be several minutes between replies. I don’t have the energy to do timestamps, so it is what it is. I know some people are using graphics for their text message stories but I think this format works better for screen reading software. As somebody who uses screen reading software, I want to make my writing as accessible as possible.
Nomad: Agree.
TMNS: Voluntarily?
I wasn’t actively using you to get over your aunt. I was trying to move on from wanting to be with someone who already had a girlfriend. I’m sorry.
Red phone: It was his boss, not him. Last I heard he died about a year ago trying to prevent Hydra from trying to destroy Puerto Rico while we were hunting for Loki’s staff.
Cuddle fiancé: That makes sense.
“Do you think we have any pizza left?”
HSBF: How can that be? She was working for you long before the agency collapsed.
“I don’t count Fitz. I would get him to come to SI, if I could. The Quinjet is coming, that means that the Stark industries jet will only be a little behind. I hate that you have to leave,” Tony lamented, now more awake than before. The kiss probably helped.
“I’m glad I missed that.”
Friday: It was a mass text message.
Me: I did not almost die. Although, I was expecting a call or at least a message from you since Yo-Yo passed this phone to me before leaving for a late dinner with her boyfriend.
Melinda: And you can’t ask Tony.
Director Snookums: And you couldn't in an establishment in the DC metro?
“How long have you been sober?” Deke asked,  curious.
Time: Unsure, 49 hours after arrival
Tony: Better than earlier. I think I found somebody, but I’m like 99% sure Benjamin has a crush on her, despite the fact that he’s brought his new debate team captain Michelle with him to the interview for reasons only known to him. I would think it was kind of adorable if not for the fact that Ms. Watson is literally twice his age. She also shares her first name with Benjamin’s biological mom which could totally be Freudian. Who knows? Coulson is doing the background check.
You're a kid, even if you don’t see it that way. (And yes, I remember hating the K word when I was your age). You should get to do kid things like completely humiliate yourself in front of the girl or guy of your dreams. There’s also Homecoming. I never got that. I didn’t even get to go to the prom until a couple years ago as part of a Make-A-Wish thing for a young woman dying of leukemia. Again, I was already at MIT by your age and well, I think half of the dumb things I do is because I was already in college by the time I was your age. Don't grow up too fast. All of this stuff will be waiting for you when you’re old enough to deal with it.
Tony: It would be especially cruel now that the press knows about her breakup. That would be just pouring salt on the wounds. We don’t do that sort of thing to each other. Especially, when the press is involved.
Artwork again by the wonderful Misaky0
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last conversation. You are all fabulous. Now this conversation starts out with an in person conversation but since it is mostly text messages I decided to label it as an interlude.
Cuddle Bunny: I think anyone would be a good counterpart to Ross. Colonel Rhodes is a good leader. He is someone that I would be willing to follow.
Me: Me too. I can’t wait to see the look on her face when she finds out Tony’s dating Captain America – the other Captain America. Although, you’re technically Agent America. I guess.
HSBF: Because the answer to that is probably in battle to save the world for both of us?
Me: OK, this is going to sound really embarrassing and a little creepy but you were my first crush and how I figured out I was gay, or rather bisexual.
TMNS: Who happens to be Captain America.
Me: Yes.
Tony Potts: Especially if you are me and end up doing it during near-death experiences.
“Not yet.” Natasha told him.
The Mechanic: Only 2 1/2 more years.
Anthony: I had you at a disadvantage. I knew that Captain America wasn’t the guy from the comic books before I met you. Aunt Peggy made sure I knew who Steve Rogers really was which helped when I started appreciating male anatomy. You had no idea that the Tony Stark from the tabloids and Fury’s dossier was just as fictional as the comic books I read as a kid.
Me: Look, I really am over the break up. We weren’t working and as much as I loved her, we couldn’t be what we needed. She was never going to accept my need to look for bad things that need to be handled. At least you understand that.
Subject: Seriously, Tony! Call me!
Cuddle Bunny: I think most tasers are handheld devices. They could’ve programmed him to say that.
D Fitzsimmons: That's what I'm trying to write about. Five and a half years ago, Leo Fitz ended up being killed in a blast that destroyed the monoliths. This just happened to be the day I came back to with my grandparents from the future before I knew they were my grandparents. He was dead before I knew the truth. Leo Fitz ended up being killed in a blast that destroyed the monoliths. Of course, Nana didn't have time to grieve because we had to keep the world from getting cracked apart. We did, then Thanos showed up. We lost Daisy, Mack, and Yo-Yo. Later Coulson died again, which just made things worse if such a thing were possible.
Tosha: Not necessarily, not your Laura, but again one that took a slightly different pathway that led her to be a teenage superhero guidance counselor.
United States Secretary of State. Former head of the political science department at Cutler University. Her father is originally from Wakanda but chose to stay in the United States after receiving his doctorate due to falling in love with one Aerial Rice and adopted her family name after marriage. Rice was unaware of her heritage until the recent diplomatic visit.
“I didn’t send it. You actually hit the send button instead of the cancel button on your Stark watch. I would’ve made sure that message did not go through. But you opted to use Philip for your watch, and he’s currently searching for Daisy. Therefore, the standard watch AI is currently running your device.” Ana answered him.
FRIDAY: Also, because Agent May respects you, she is helping Sir keep the ATCU from uncovering any information that can lead them to your whereabouts as long as you do not become a threat to yourself or others.
Me: Allegedly, scare them to death. It doesn’t matter. I’m fine now. I’m resting and waiting for Leo and Fitzsimmons to give me the all clear. I want to get back to LA to figure out what’s going on. Phil won’t let me.
Me: Hey, Dumpling, I’m going to handle a situation with the Spider Brat.
Also a reminder, it is election eve in DC, but Tuesday morning in Mumbai. That will be important for plot reasons.
Location: The Lighthouse (why do I always end up back in this fucking place)
Number one May: I mean the breakup with the boyfriend. Something was wrong about that guy. As well as there being adults there.
Me: Yes but apparently not that human.
D Fitzsimmons: I take that back, sometimes she's with Hunter. He's my boss's nanny. They have an understanding.
Anthony: Very true.
Steve: I am aware.
Me: I spoke with her a little. She sent me a picture of Phil and Melinda kissing. She also apologized for what happened last time you guys met.
Me: Oh, fuck. Well I’m really glad I’m not covering them up with porn anymore.
Tony: I'm just glad it was Senior. Junior would have turned himself invisible due to the trauma, and then we would have never realized what was happening.
Cuddle bunny: Shit
Tony: Just because something happened in one time doesn't mean that it will happen here. Too many bridges have been burned to ash.
Nomad: As soon as you’re home.
Number one May: Why didn’t you tell me any of this? You know, I worry.
Anthony: Although thinking about it, so are you. Okay, Agent America will be giving that speech, because Yo-Yo got shot a couple of months ago after taking a bullet for her current boyfriend, which led to cauterization by blowtorch.
Now I really want to know what happened in Russia last January. However, I’ve been warned by both Fitzes not to ask Hunter questions about his ex-wife. Apparently, their relationship is complicated.
Me: What did he say to Ross?
Morgan’s dad: Not our network, but she oversees Laura’s network. In what year is this Ana situated in?
Me: Love you too. Stay safe.
Also, they actually have an entire Avenger’s squad in training on the island as well as a shield/ATCU team helping those with powers. He couldn’t stop the hurricane, but It’s not the humanitarian disaster that happened the first time around, because of the actions of Ross and the then-President. Not that he knew a lot of details, but anything would be better than what Ross did to the Inhumans on the island. Instead, the shield team led by Agents Davis, Piper, and Morales-Davis along with Morales’s wife Rio, (as a representative of the Lincoln Campbell Foundation and SI) were leading the efforts.
Football Hunter: Well, I can’t exactly tell her that I’m working with you. She’ll send me off to the loony bin at the very least. She’s mad at me for keeping secrets and not telling her the whole mission. Miss I never tell the truth doesn’t like it when you’re the one keeping secrets from her. I shouldn’t even be surprised. I’m done.
The new consultant:  She has. You just never believed her.
Francis: I should have. You stayed in contact when you went dark, and I should have done the same.
In the timeline for this story (which is slightly different than in canon from what I discerned) the Siberia incident happened in April or early May 2016. The great Avengers’ escape/season 3 finale of AOS occurred mid-May. Tony made first contact Steve in June 2016. I’m leaving space for an alternate version of Spider-man Homecoming to happen in September or October. This would mean that the “six months later” scene at the end of season three of AOS takes place in early December and AOS season 4 begin in late January 2017.
“You should have. Thankfully, I was on a mission for most of it. I would’ve been furious if I had sex with someone who wasn’t my boyfriend.” Simmons glared directly at Fitz. Now that the team knew there was two of them, Simmons was the only one who could actually tell them apart. (Along with Hunter, but he wasn’t technically part of the team at the moment.)
D FitzSimmons: She’s pregnant?
Spoiler-ish Continuity Note:  For the sake of the story, the major events in Black Panther except for the last three scenes took place before this story began and occurred near simultaneously to the major events of episode 3.22 of Agents of Shield and Steve’s rescue at the Raft with everything wrapping up right before Tony and Steve start talking to each other again. The third to last scene a.k.a. the one right before the post-credits scene has taken place sometime during the course of the story before the events of Spider-Man: Homecoming started, sometime in August 2016. The two posts credit scenes have yet to occur, but will occur later on in this story. However, none of that will pop up for a few weeks.
“Yes. I love you, too. And that’s when she felt Phil’s mouth descend upon hers.
The boss: Do you know what we’re working on?
“Scientists make a lot of mistakes sometimes. Friday sweetheart, what's the next question on the list?” Tony asked the AI.
"It was, but you're right. We should have come to you. But you were so mad at me for my various mistakes, and I was afraid to face you. But I can't just keep running away." Steve acknowledged.
Me: Again, my feelings for you have led to a lot of questionable decisions. Apparently, those feelings have been around for a really long time.
Kitty brother: I am well aware that you’re an adult on a mission, but you still need to rest. At a minimum, please eat something and take a nap.
Blue phone: I wish I was there so I could hug you (message not sent)
Me: Even at the end of the world?
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last conversation. You are all absolutely fabulous. You definitely keep me in the writing zone.
Time sent: 11/12/2016 8:10:41
Nomad: She interviewed me for the investigation. Your Dr. Monkey Lover gave her my emergency contact information.
“We do. Sam is my best… One of my best friends but I don’t think we should be alone all the time.”
Me: Clint is okay with living at the compound, especially after the Watchdogs attacks a couple weeks ago. The old farmhouse is compromised due to Ross. So they can’t go back there anyway.
Me: Is this why you’re doing Ellen this week?
TMNS: Or because you opted not to have Avenger Ana be your AI.
Anthony: But at least promise me you’ll think about seeing someone. You can’t blame yourself for everything
Tony: I keep lobbying the government to come up with something that won’t break your integrity or put a bull’s-eye on your back. You keep being you in other countries in the meantime. Maybe with your Royal friend having a state dinner with the President next week will move superhero relations forward.
Teenage Mutant Ninja Spider: I miss you too. But I’ll be home on January 1. We can hang out then. Before you know it, the new semester will have begun, and I'll be at Midtown with you all day.
You’re forgiven. Still better than the guy at the Academy who slept with me because I was a legacy. Turns out he was Hydra trying to recruit me, for morale reasons. Although I only learned that two years ago. I’m really glad I kicked him so hard in the genitalia that he lost his ability to reproduce.
Counselor Laura from 2023: For custody of children to keep them out of inhuman internment camps.
Anthony: Just relax and enjoy. There are people getting up and getting snacks and socializing.
Me: I'm always going to make time.
Tony is Me
Nomad: Is this when I ask if the height difference is going to be a problem?
Me: She did. Those are the ones I need to at least read. I'll probably only respond to a few. I miss the old days when I paid people to read the boring stuff for me.
T Stark: This might be a question for your nephew. BTY you should check his cell phone right now.
Counselor Laura: How much do you know about the cult of Hive?
Me: Not at all. If I didn’t love you I wouldn’t have told you that. I definitely wouldn’t have told you that Howard caught me doing it.
Counselor Laura: I’ll make a note.
HSBF: Now you know how you make me feel. You guys will work it out. You already did once.
BFF Ned: Wait, why are you texting me on Peter’s phone? Did he finally make a move?
D: You still haven’t heard anything from Agent Johnson?
Cuddle bunny: Maybe you’re right. I understand you better now at least.
Misaky0
(See the end of the chapter for
Me: Of course, we’re arguing. I had to keep him from drowning in the Hudson just a few days ago.
Alternative text for the get well card: Lila drew a picture of her favorite ‘uncle’ in full armor with colored pencils, the medium of choice for all seven-year-olds. The figure is surrounded by the words get well soon. She made it the morning after Tony ended up in the hospital.  Her baby brother helped.
Avenger Friday:  The Decimation refers to the events of April 28, 2018. Thanos was able to collect all six infinity stones and wiped 50% of all living life out of existence, including plants and animals. Although the Avengers were able to find Thanos and kill him, the stones were destroyed, and they were unable to reverse the decimation.
“With MJ being targeted because the public now knows that she is Quake's cousin, her mom felt it was a good idea. So we’re both alternate guardians right now.” Tony explained.
“This just makes you Human. You’re just a person. You’re not perfect and you’re afraid, just like the rest of us. You know I wish I really realize that a lot sooner. Maybe Siberia wouldn’t have happened.”
Me: I also preferred Cuddle Bunny too, but I had to pretend to break up with Cuddle Bunny in my last set of ridiculous fake text messages. You’re now Hot Sexy Boyfriend aka HSBF in my address book.
HSBF: That’s because Chris was really nice.
“Agreed.”
“Afia is nothing like her.” Leo said as he grabbed Hunter’s hand. “Radcliffe was a manipulative selfish person who tried to excuse his behavior with supposedly having good intentions. I didn’t realize the truth until it was already too late. Afia wasn’t crated by him.”
“I will get right on that boss,” The AI responded.
Considering Piper complained about her new and probably soon-to-be former girlfriend being furious about her missing her birthday due to out-of-town work commitments, she probably wasn’t enjoying this as much as others would.
Tony: No. But I also didn’t think he would put the Avenger’s toy chest at risk via temper tantrum. So here we are.
You should come. Mary says your schedule is free. I think it would be good for you. And she is also trying to get the board meeting changed to Monday or Tuesday so I sure Mary and Kevin together will get it done. You’ll be in York anyway, so come.
“And more likely not to know that you’re using Instagram instead of Stark messaging?” Tony asked.
"Did you really have to do that?" Steve said, getting his phone back from May and realizing that she sent a message to Tony. Steve really shouldn’t be surprised that she took his phone.
“You’re not supposed to be here. You’re still disavowed,” Leo sounded worried but that didn’t stop him from handing Hunter the backpack, which Simmons was not happy about.
Xxxxxxx
Blue phone: If you were able to have Friday send these messages, why did you complain about me sending you a flip phone in the first place?
D: At least Jeffrey knew better than to force you to go on Everhart’s program.
Tony: And I love you but I really wish I did not have to listen to Howard’s endless variations of “you’ll never end up like Captain America”, “you’ll never be as good as Captain America,” or “he’s the greatest and you’re worthless.” I wish I never had to deal with any of that stupid shit that Howard used to say to make me feel so worthless.
Tony: And Friday keeps playing matchmaker and conspiring with the Royal genius behind my back. She has all these friends that are not me. That could be dangerous. Not trying to end the world dangerous but still dangerous.
“I know. But he’s up and making progress. He’s going to get to live in his own little house soon, he might even start herding goats. Apparently, his team of therapists feel that it’s good for him to have a routine.”
Cuddle bunny: Because he’s been dead for 4 years.
Me: I’ll give the suit to him Friday after debate practice.
Me: I realize that now that I really know you. But I wasn’t ready for you to know at that time. I didn’t even tell Rhodey about it until April. I was hoping that I would figure out how to fix things. Turns out some things can’t be fixed even if you are a genius.
Anthony: Yes, heaven forbid people find out that Steve Rogers is a kinky bastard and just a little sappy. I mean flowers and chocolate, adorable, but cliché in a cute way.
We are back in the good timeline. Tony has to text his best friend to see how the missions going.
Thank you to everyone who read or reviewed the last chapter. The encouragement is always appreciated. I love your kudos as well.
Love: Someone like that couldn’t survive at Shield.
Francis: Right, not my Laura. Apparently, this one lives at the Avenger compound.
Time sent: 03/25/2018 09:21:41
Red phone: Then she forced me to talk about my feelings. After I cried on her couch, she decided that I was staying over because I’ve only slept six hours in six days and I think I was actually passed out for five of those hours.
"We do, but that’s something to work out when we get back to the compound.” He knows Tony's right. Steve just hates being useless.
Anthony love: Honestly, they did me a favor. After Coulson was kidnapped by my number two, I sent a Shield team to her loft led by Davis. They found her 16-year-old daughter locked in her room. The team is still looking through things, but it’s not good. Although with her dead, that investigation will take a backseat as we deal with time travel and impending alien invasion, but we’re still going to have to have the PR team spin things around.
Kitty brother: Somethings cannot be changed. We must accept the inevitable.
“We're taking a two-month honeymoon.” Tony sighed, exhausted.
Me: That wasn’t part of the model that I was shown, but it seems like a possibility.
Nomad: Why did Friday lock you out of your twitter account?
“Spelling has never been my strong suit,” Steve remarked.
HSBF: It is rude.
Me: Because of an assassination attempt.
MJ: Does it have anything to do with the pictures of you fighting Loki on Twitter? You’re trending.
HSBF: People are still whispering about Osborne?
(See the end of the chapter for
Nomad: They wouldn’t have been able to turn Bucky into their weapon, if I didn’t let him fall. There wouldn’t be blood on his hands and he wouldn’t be where he is now.
“I should’ve realized you and Pepper were not actually together a while ago.” Steve half mumbled.
Venom: I’m no longer dependent on social media for my social interactions because, apparently, I have actual friends now.
HSBF: Good point.
To: Teenage Mutant Ninja Spider
HSBF: I hope so too. Now you can tell me about Jimmy Kimmel.
Nomad: Are Ms. Khan and her family OK?
Anthony love: Speaking of the Calvary, I barely was able to keep Agent America from flying over to Mumbai to get her boyfriend back. Although if I don’t hear back from you by morning our time, I’m probably going to resort to using an Icer on her.
We are still in the “Tony and Steve have their shit together” timeline. The next chapter will take place in the “bad choices were made” timeline. The new consultant is MJ, and Venom is Flash. Wonder how he got that nickname. For those of you that skipped over text messages from the Edge, MJ and Flash are friends who just happened to be crushing on the same guy. A guy who is oblivious to everything. They bonded over asshole dads. Flash’s father is abusive, and MJ’s dad abandoned her again the year before.
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last chapter. You’re keeping me in the happy writing zone. Thank you to Ishtar205 who provided ideas for the 20 Questions sections way back in chapter 8.
The Mechanic: I’m pretty sure I totally traumatized my kid.
MayMQ: Should I bring Icer's?
“You’re not wrong,” Hunter mumbled under breath.
Anthony love: Because Laura was kidnapped from the compound, we are relocating to the lighthouse for the moment. The Princess is coming.
"I am well aware that he had to be knocked out to keep him from coming back to the states. He also broke Clint's jaw. Lilly is going to kick him in the shins if we ever figure out a way to legally get Steve back in the country. You know one that doesn't involve an alien invasion." Tony remarked.
Me: I assume that she made contact for a reason?
Cuddle fiancé: Apparently, Afia is still Friday in the other timeline, so maybe the other you don’t have those constraints.
Red phone: It's easy for you to say that. For you, sticking to your principles is more important than anything else. But for someone like me, all we do is compromise. We have to. We have too much riding on our shoulders to be headstrong. We have to put the needs of the many ahead of ourselves.
“I’m going to put on something comfortable and then be prepared to bare your soul to me.” Surprisingly Steve was looking forward to that.
Nomad: Which I’m grateful for. Are you on the jet already? Or are you flying in the suit?
Just as Steve was reading the message, Tony’s face popped up on his screen along with the small children that were sleeping on top of him.
Me: Understandable.
Steve: Extremely. Although maybe that's how our other selves managed to work through everything.
To be continued
Captain Tight Pants: You think Peggy covered it up?
Ana Jr.: I was asked to help you  write up your report.
Tony: What about Peanut Butter Butt? Your ass is your best feature.
Me: It’s Agent May, but I already have one May in my life. Although, Queens’s aunt is equally terrifying.
Jemma could’ve just entered the room with her key card, but she thought it would be only polite to actually knock. Thankfully, he did open the door.
Red spider: I don’t think the Confederacy is coming back. They are a little terrified of Wanda and Robbie.
“For number three, we are horrible at communicating with each other.” Because if they actually could talk to one another, Tony wouldn't be as desperate to use a checklist created by a newspaper psychologist.
"Because my murder bots killed his family." Tony confessed.
Steve: I would go over to the school to get her for breakfast, but I think her teacher would be mad if she missed chemistry.
From: Riley_Parker
I didn’t say anything because how it was when we were growing up. Especially, because I knew you still like dames as well. Maybe I was hoping that if I found you the right one you would forget about the other part, especially after Artie left. It would’ve been safer that way. I was wrong. I don’t want you to be anything other than yourself.
Me: That whole messy episode is probably why I didn’t date anybody for so long. It was the beginning of my trust issues. Stefan is my second serious relationship. Pepper was my first. A lot of mistakes were made on all parts.
Time sent: 11/12/2016 20:44:12
Blue phone: That's not what DOS is supposed to do.
Thank you for the card. It was beautiful. You gave me some ideas for my next suit. I promise to take the card with me when I leave the hospital soon. Ms. Melinda is taking me somewhere where I can just hang out for a few days, but Yo-Yo promised to give you this note.
Love: I’m going to count that as a poisoning. Agent M is investigating?
Me: The scary thing is I think the boyfriend might be more of a deal breaker than the murder bots. It is for the board of directors.
“Then you have to let them be separate people. When I get back, we’ll go to an early dinner somewhere far away for several hours in case these walls are very thin. Maybe some alcohol will be involved. I will get Sam as well.”
“What do you mean by reconciliation?” Of course, Steve was going to ask for clarification on this.
“Room service.” Steve said, kissing him again.
Pepper pot: I miss him too. I could definitely use him right now, balancing work and the kids. Especially because you're taking my nanny away.
Me: By the way she’s not drawing that anymore, at least not since a couple of hours ago. Which I guess lines up with destroying AIDA. I kind of want to know what that means.
“I am going to miss you,” Steve whispered, pulling away from the kiss, wishing he didn’t have to.
Blue phone: I never hated you. I've told you repeatedly that I never hated you. I think it just took me a little too long to see that there's about four different Tony Starks. I think only the one I'm talking to now is real. This guy I like.
CoulsonPJ: I will.
SimmonsJA: Surveillance observations according to the notes in the file. Coulson had Daisy delete all Avenger -related data from the Internet. Some of that slipped out, but most of it was contained. We saved it to another server for research purposes. Now that we’ve encountered a large number enhanced individuals recently, it’s been quite helpful.
“You mean the file of other you.”
“You ordered a cheeseburger while I was in the shower?” Steve asked half joking.
Morgan’s dad: I already know how to get back to the past. Deke was copying my theories, and that’s what he used to build the time watch. It should’ve taken him to our past, not other Laura’s present.
Rogers: I get the feeling Tony does that sort of thing a lot.
Pepper pot: Maybe when you were creating his new identity, you could have put a doctorate in there instead of just the master's degree.
Nomad: I have no idea.
“I wonder if you are her SO?” Clint wondered out loud.
Nomad: That is actually @Iron_Man
“Who’s on the list?” There is no way Tony could be on that list, no matter how much he wishes he was.
Nomad: I’m sorry I brought him into this. I didn’t think things would end up the way they did.
Anthony: For getting sent off to gifted kid boarding school. I always thought it was my father’s happiest day because he was finally getting me out of his hair. I wasn’t aware that three months earlier, someone tried to kill him and killed his best friend’s wife instead.
Director Stark: Which explains why Agent Piper hasn’t checked in. Ana still should’ve said anything, and she’s not responding at all, my Ana anyway. The secret Avengers version has made contact. Why is my AI not responding?
Counselor Laura: I want to know what went wrong, so when I do get back home, I can make sure my children never die.
Steve: When I woke up, I had a SHIELD dossier with information about all of my friends and associates.
Red phone: Vision just turned one or 20 depending on your perspective. I did create JARVIS in 1996.
D Fitzsimmons: I'm getting to the point just in a roundabout way. The story of how I ended up here involves my grandparents and how we thought one of them was dead but, in reality, was just shacking up with Hunter. That's just going to send Nana off the deep end and straight into the bottle. Or more like keep her there. Like I need that.
Number one May: Laura is missing? Coulson got kidnapped by [redacted]. I never trusted the general—that poor Ruby.
Subject: I’m sorry I acted like my father.
“I hate to interrupt but Dr Suarez asked me to remind you that you need to fill out her required questionnaire before engaging in any heavy sexual activities?” Friday interrupted.
Tony: I’ll never tell, gummy bear. Of course, you will never be Snookums because Rhodey’s Snookums.
Counselor Laura from 2023: It really is. I know you're worried, but this isn't like what happened with Ross. The Avengers here are taking excellent care of me. I have my own room at the compound with a hot tub.
Agent M: No. But who knows who The General would bring in to take care of it and that’s your best-case scenario. The Secretary would be worse.
HSBF: So it’s Thursday, your time anyway. It’s technically Friday morning for me. Are you up to date night?  Or are you busy? Did something come up?
Blue phone: You’re still upset about that?
Me: Number 624. I know your planes are fast, but I didn’t think they were that fast unless your private plane is really a Quinjet.
Me: How strong is this guy? Do you need help?
May: Deke and Simmons, on Steve’s orders, retrofitted it for space travel in an effort to rescue Stark. Carol found him first, though.
Anthony: No. At least not at this time.
FRIDAY: Okay boss. Steve has just responded to your last message. Although, please try to cut the rest of this conversation short. You have only 5.6 hours of sleep in the last three days. You need rest.
All will be revealed soon.
Me: You do actually know what coffee means? I’m impressed. I can’t wait to get some with you and only you.
To be continued
I’m not sure of the details of your contract because that’s in HR thing and they hate me but I promise you will be receiving premium compensation, along with housing and other perks. You will, however, be asked to sign the nondisclosure agreement due to the fact that there are additional enhanced people living on the Avengers campus for their own protection. You will be asked to protect their identity for their safety.
Red phone: Great, I think I just accidentally quoted Maroon 5. Friday’s breakup mix is really starting to get to me.
BITC: I kind of assumed it was a voice recognition mistake. How long have you known?
Venom: Well, Benji was planning to make a move on you during our European trip, so it doesn't matter.
Friday: She actually did survive. She is now a professor of psychology at Empire State. She recently worked as a therapist for SWORD but left two years ago when the new director took over.
Steve: I’ve been busy trying to coax Simmons out of the framework. She says she’s in their consulting with an imprint of Fitz to see if he can help.
: Melinda Qiaolian May nee Garner. Also referred to as Captain Rogers’s former girlfriend. Agent of Shield and member of UN Avengers. Current keeper of the Captain America shield. Completely in love with “Agent Agent” and refuses to admit it.
D Fitzsimmons: Yes. Well, May, Steve, Natasha, and my plan was to go back in time, grab the stones, and undo all the damage. Although Steve is adamant that we don't get rid of any of the new children born in the last five years. Stark called it a time heist. I'm not sure it was Nana's plan.
Number one May: Tony and Steve are in charge. Do what they say. Stay safe.
Me: Sometimes, more than one. We’ll get there on the 20th. Or at least I will. Some of the others may come a little later. You will spend the next 4 days pampering me, then we will do a quick stop over in Italy to grab pizza because we are going to have to bring pizza.
Me: Of course he didn’t because he did the same thing with me. I tried to explain to him after what happened in Baltimore, it wasn't a feasible plan. If Happy had told me the entire plan, I wouldn’t have signed off on it. I should’ve never taught him that it’s better to ask for forgiveness than permission.
Agent Laura: So, I guess we are recruiting him for our little project?
“Natasha?” He asked, still not believing she was really there. He hadn’t seen her since Germany.
Thank you for reading, reviewing, and your kudos. Your comments keep me in the happy zone.
Steve placed the phone in his pocket, just as the door opened. Tony dropped his phone to the ground as soon as Steve’s lips descended on his. Steve was just that eager.
DILF: Laura?
Me: Which isn’t true because I’m pretty sure Bruce is straight. I think Benji is freaking out because his aunt still thinks something is going on between him and Ned. I have money on him and Michelle. Friends sometimes become more than friends.
“I should’ve went to rehab earlier. Oh wait, I did.”
Red phone: You are not fine. You are nowhere near fine. The only reason why you just have one bullet hole in you right now is because of your gear. I knew I should have reinforce the shoulder area.
BITC: Noted. I’ll apologize the next time you’re in class because Flash already told me you’re not coming to school tomorrow.
Me: Good. My sister really is okay?
PS: About five minutes after you read this, Friday's going to replace the S word with Stefan and rejigger things so Ross doesn't know I'm talking about you know who. Yes this is my life. Never date a fugitive.
Subject: Re: I’m proud of you.
Me: You’re right, the Purple Arrow children we’re not affected at all. Also, Ms. Marvel is Good. The idiots trying to attack the compound were picked up by a Shield team before the Watchdogs got anywhere near the place. There are in custody.
Anthony: Sometimes I fantasize about fucking you against my lab table.
Tony: Still better than the board of directors
Stephen C: You should. You almost died with him not knowing the truth. He should know that you love him. You shouldn’t go to your grave holding that secret.
Tony: Besides, Yo-Yo is coming, I think. It depends on if she finds the guy who keeps burning various criminals alive in East LA. Otherwise, I’m bringing other random agents with me because my BFF won’t let me bring Monkey Lover or Agent America. But hey they’ll have somebody to hang out with.
Avenger mission report of Agent Daisy Johnson; UN Avengers member
May: I think she’ll accept. She likes Tony. Hunter will like her being able to stay over. Hunter was banned from having overnight guests after Morgan walked in on him and Simmons last year.
Director Snookums: Also I don't think Agent Carter wants to be reading that either.
Morgan’s dad: It’s okay. It was the wrong time, but I understand why you were so frantic. Although, I really wasn’t in the mood for you to go on another suicide mission.
Red phone: If we must put a label on it, that would put you as pansexual, which makes sense. This also explains why we got along like betta fish. I have been told by multiple people that I have a personality that's as abrasive as a Brillo pad.
Me: Now that you’re no longer spending quality time with your honey bunny.
Me: Shield assets/agents assigned to the Avengers Initiative like Tony's new friend Yo-Yo are not under the Accords or at least not to the same extent. It would be dangerous to have an exact GPS location of a Shield specialist in the database. It could put their whole family in danger and even the most pragmatic in the UN don’t want the blood of innocent civilians on their hands.
Tony: No. Leo will be the third heir.
Tony Potts: I feel like there’s a story there that may be in the vein of accidentally posting a picture of your dick on Instagram.
Red phone: Having enhanced people evaluated by trained psychologists used to be standard SHIELD procedure pre-implosion.
3:22 AM
Skye quake: Let your boyfriend know I’m sorry about what happened the last time we met up. I was in a bad place and I’m sorry I took it out on him.
Thank you to everyone who has read or reviewed. You’ve all been wonderful.
Me: Actually that’s why I got arrested.
Nomad: I’m still not sure how to take that.
“This morning when May asked for a divorce. I'm glad you interrupted me to ask me a question because otherwise, I might still be in that room crying.” Steve might actually start crying while driving if he keeps thinking about everything that will change with the end of his marriage.
Me: Although if Clint is by you tell him that his wife wouldn’t let me tell him and I’m a little afraid of her. That doesn’t warrant taking your phone. Also tell him that Lila loves him and misses him and he owes her toys.
Me: By the time we found the scepter, Pepper had already issued her ultimatum. It was why I was looking at the old Ultron program to see if maybe there was a way to still help the world and not be out there all the time. You know how that turned out.
Nomad: You think I’m trying to do suicide by super villains?
StarkAE: A chaperone! Seriously, a fucking chaperone! I’m an adult. I’m pretty sure I can follow doctor’s orders without my assistant cock blocking me.
Hunter: Everyone is one occasionally. But I mean in general. Are you upset that he chose to move and build a life for himself in the other timeline?
“You do care.” Natasha smirked at him.
“Will you actually wake up in time for us to do that and still make it to the wedding by 6 AM.”
Tony Bear: Of course she is.
Friday: I’ll speak to Romanoff. She is the head of the Avengers.
Tony: Ross has pretty much been a dick to him for the last few days while he was running interference. I so owe him another gift basket.
Nomad: 3:33 AM.
HSBF: I thought you said you were going to save the questions that require chocolate for next time?
Red phone: You still think I made that up? That's so sweet cuddle bunny. You don’t want to know what the government is keeping secret.
Good news, I’m going to start working on the next batch of conversations this weekend. Bad news, my parents are coming to visit so it may be more than a week before I post the next chapter. It all depends on how much time I have when my house is filled with people.
Monkey lover 2: I’m sorry.
“But you found it.” Because he knew Steve was happy with May even if it wasn’t a pure love match.
: Preferred term of endearment for Captain Rogers. No longer being used due to the fact it may be known to Secretary Ross and or the NSA. Stark is currently cycling through multiple terms of endearment, mostly related to food. There are too many to include here. Friday has confirmed that he is cycling through an actual list but refuses to turn this list over to me.
“Yes. How is Son of Coal among the living, Daughter of Phil?” Thor asked.
Stephen C:  Honey did actually.  Also, we were at a wedding all day Saturday. It was really nice, if really big. The food was good and most of it did not involve things that Tony is allergic to.
"So the board is upset about what happened last night?" Steve asked.
“Well, that takes us into question 21. Do love and affection have a role in your life? I kind of want to know this, especially because you’re in a… I don’t want to call it a marriage of convenience.” Because there wasn’t anything really convenient about that relationship.
Me: Which probably would’ve been bad if Siberia happened the same way.
Me: I am paraphrasing.
Me: Because the situation in LA went FUBAR and Karen may be with me for a while. You do remember that acronym?
already where I am.
I understand. Aunt [redacted] was kind of like that whenever Uncle [redacted] came back from a business trip. I think they always forgot I was there for at least the first hour but then we would go out for Chinese and everything would be good. I kind of miss that.
Red phone: I'm currently text messaging you from her guestroom. I went to check up on the kids.
"I can't take either of you anywhere." Leo sighed in annoyance. "They showed up while you were arguing by the way," Leo said, pointing to the two brothers dressed in civilian clothes now arguing. Thankfully, Daisy's powers were now focused on the Asgardian dressed in black. Said Asgardian already had a knife out and ready to go toe to toe with Daisy. They definitely should’ve brought Yo-Yo.
Red phone: He had an Algebra 3 quiz to study for.
HSBF: I can’t believe you just came out to
Anthony: So I don’t decide to make murder robots again because I’ve managed to convince myself it’s the best thing for mankind. I agree with that, which is why I haven’t tried to undo their super villain watch that they have me under with Friday’s help.
(See the end of the chapter for
Me: The current Captain America is kind of head over feet for Agent Agent and she’d rather deal with blue aliens than her feelings. I think it’s why we kind of like each other. I’m with Stefan Carter, who may look a lot like Steve Rogers, but is a total different person.
Counselor Laura: That’s when we started to uncover the truth regarding Hydra’s many assassination attempts against your father, Uncle Daniel, and Aunt Peggy. As well as the unfortunate collateral damage. Although we didn’t know the stuff about Daniel for probably another year.
Monkey lover 2: I also wasn’t accosted by a naked Aida which is good because I probably would’ve shot her on-site or thrown up on her.
HSBF: You should still be eating better.
Me: Good point. I guess the real deciding factor is where do you want this to go?
Nomad: I’m not even that surprised. I think I’ve known you long enough to know that you picked a word and then came up with the acronym.
“You should still rest.” Steve said with a kiss to his temple.
BITC: I think you need more sleep. And maybe a therapist.
“That’s true. I’ve been getting well acquainted with your caring friends.”
Francis: Don’t. Not right now. Maybe I avoid you to because I couldn’t take the pity.
Me: I thought you said there were mind controlled zombies involved?
HSBF: That’s true.
To be continued.
Tony Potts: I’m looking forward to it. I have a whole list of questions.
Me: I doubt that Spidey’s aunt is going to kill you when she finds out.
Me: OK I’m equally annoyed and upset because what happened could’ve been prevented if different choices were made.  I think he was annoyed with me about Peter sitting duty which is weird since that was mostly a Laura and Yo-Yo thing.
Nomad: It was an idle threat. Let’s just drop it. I don’t want to mess up your friendship reconciliation.
I realize that the last conversation was major and everyone is really confused. That’s okay because as we go forward, things will make more sense. Just keep in mind that Tony has no idea that there are two different Leo Fitzs/Dr. Monkey Lover running around and interacting with him. The Leo Fitz in this chapter is the one from the future. Let’s call him Dr. Leopold.
Agent L. Barton: New Shield does too. The addiction treatment center is Stark’s old Florida property. Stark industries donated the property to the government.
Nomad: And I’m glad for that. I think I would’ve been really sad if I didn’t get to meet you.
Monkey lover 2: He’s Fitz, I am Leopold
"Exactly."
Ana Junior: She is at present five weeks pregnant. The consumption of alcohol would be ill-advised.
“True.”
Nomad: And you have me.
Tony Potts: No. That would be Pepper. She tells me I always say things without thinking them through. She's worried about Morgan picking up my unhealthy habits.
Red phone: It’s the story of my life. People like what I can give them. They love the tech I create, but they don’t necessarily like me.
Okay, I bet you all have questions now. Answers will follow in subsequent chapters. But to answer the main question, there are now two Leopold Fitzs in the current timeline. Right now, let’s just call him Monkey Lover 2. What is Monkey Lover 2 trying to accomplish now that he’s back in 2016? How long has Monkey Lover 2 been in the past? How has his presence affected our timeline? Where is Monkey Lover 1 right now? Finally, what is going on between Football Hunter and Monkey Lover 2? All questions to be answered eventually.
Chief Mechanic: In addition to obviously being alive, the other Hunter is apparently my nanny. I'm not even sure how that happened. That’s probably why his diary was on the Stark server.
Person that cares about my boss: I meant about Melinda being Tony’s handler. He’s not being mean to her, is he? I know he hates Sharon and I only kissed her one time.
Anthony: You know that was not the only attempt made on dad? There were 10 assassination attempts between 1970 and 1991 alone. That was attempt number three.
: James "Rhodey" Rhodes a.k.a. War Machine a.k.a. Iron Patriot. Currently Director of S.H.I.E.L.D. (Apparently the agency was never actually disbanded, just went underground). Promoted to General before assignment to the agency. Sometimes referred to as “my James”. Best friend to Tony Stark.
Red phone: Only sometimes and that is because you’re special.
Red phone: So if I convince the head of R&D to take a six-month sabbatical to work on clean energy development and water security in sub- Sahara Africa, that's just me trying to make things better.
Melinda: What’s left of it. Even Deke is now missing.
Me: I haven’t told them that I’m fluent in Spanish yet.
Anthony: No. Coulson put this list together. Which means it’s made up of good people who he wants to protect from the Accords. I think of it as Coulson’s list.
"Also, I know you're scared. I was terrified that Pepper would keep me away from Morgan because of how badly I screwed up. However, we were able to work out an amicable custody arrangement. May will not cheat Robin out of quality Morgan time. She definitely won’t cheat you out of quality Robin time. Your name is on that adoption certificate. If you need them, my lawyers are there for you.”
Director Snookums: I said nothing about a weapon’s deal gone bad.
Cuddle bunny: That counts as the end of the world to me.
"I am too. We don’t have to go too fast. In our business you don’t want to assume, but maybe we can take a moment. If things go well tomorrow, this might become an easier thing." I.e. if the world accepts Stefan Carter, then they could see each other in public and Steve would be safe. Deep down that’s all Tony really wants for his boyfriend. (Of course, Tony was already making a contingency plan or six.)
Subject: Re: Seriously, Tony! Call me!
We will be spending more time with Tony and Steve in the next few chapters, but I wanted to Address the Flash now knows Peter's secret identity cliffhanger from text messages from the Edge right away before we move forward.
“I’ve been told the best marriages are interesting,” Steve said as he turned the lamp next to his bed off.
Tony: But I would have a whole entire new R&D department. Mandatory play time with FitzSimmons. That could be worth it.
StarkAE: Also good.
Me: Do you actually use paper and pencils for anything at all anymore?
May: Exactly.
“True, but I do have a room here. Actually, this is my room.” This explains the ridiculously soft sheets on the bed. Also the fact the color scheme was the same as Tony’s room at the compound. Steve never had the heart to give it to someone else. It’s not like they didn’t have the space even with Melinda’s people there. “Robin is in the guestroom. However, I promise that the sheets are clean, and all my sex toys are in the bathroom at the cabin.” Steve instantly thought about Tony lying naked on the most likely $2000 sheets with Steve using one of those toys on him. That was not a thought he needed to have right now. Especially considering what he found in his toiletry bag a few minutes ago.
HSBF: But you do have a private persona. The Tony that I see is very different than the one the world sees. Otherwise we wouldn’t have to come up with real answers and public answers to the 36 questions.
Blue phone: I was that with Arnie before there was such a word.
The Mechanic: No. I hope not anyway, but I am a futurist. I always prepare for multiple outcomes. Child services in Manhattan alone is already working on three cases of preteens kicked out by their parents because their children developed powers due to the fish contamination. One was found with a broken arm and leg because they “accidentally” walked into a “wall” six times before she was removed to safety.
“More than once, but she's also done a picture of us at a wedding. So different pathways, and we will just have to get to the right one.”
Me: Well, he did buy me my first Barbie dream house, pay for all of mom’s cancer treatments anonymously, and kept me from getting arrested for giving you your gear back, so it’s the least I can do.
I love that I don’t feel lost anymore. I feel like that’s because of you. Even though I do feel like a man without a country, I feel like I still have a home with you, even if it’s not a physical place. Also I love the fact that you made me blush when I was reading through all the things you said about me. I love that you see me for who I am and that you love me for me and not what I supposedly symbolize. I just love you.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yes and he’s adorable, even when he’s crawling on the walls.”
Agent M: Hill also knew that the Heart was still alive.
MJ: What’s going on?
Iron Dad: Officially to celebrate the finalization of the Mumbai agreement and to do damage control regarding the untimely traffic accident death of my number two. Unofficially to tell the president that he almost put Hydra in charge of Shield, again.  I owe Mack a hundred dollars because she turned out to be Hydra. I personally thought she was a Watchdog sympathizer.
“No, but there is an Italian boy,” Steve said as he began to unbutton Tony’s pants. “And I just have this feeling he would look really good covered in chocolate body paint. He owes me for sending out that letter before I could at least correct some typos.”
Nomad: I’m sure the Colonel is more understanding.
Me: Hard to show up to work when you’re locked up on treason charges. I wish Ana could send them to voicemail, but unfortunately, they're here at the penthouse, and I have to deal with this in person. Video conference tonight. Operation Leopold is afoot.
Me: If they are going to have probation then I should have probation?
I think at some point I will be able to interact with your boyfriend and it not be awkward. At least I know deep down that you’re never going to walk in on him getting fellatio from some YA starlet that is barely legal. You two had some issues that you had to work out, but that’s probably not going to be one of them. Although it may be a good thing that I won’t be able to do lunch anytime soon with the new BF. It will give me time to adjust.
Me: The latter means that you're accepting the situation for what it is. It means you are no longer hoping for a super villain to make a time machine and send you back to 1945. The former means holding onto a dead dream that can no longer be fulfilled and not allowing yourself to find new things that will make you happy.
Just as Tony said this, Tony’s cell gave the ‘Pepper is trying to get a hold of you’ chime, indicating that she just sent him a message. Considering pepper understands time zones better than him, this probably wasn’t a good thing. The fact that Steve actually handed the phone back over to him after reading the message was also not a good sign.
Me: I hope Stark’s AI isn’t going off the deep end again. (Message not sent)
HSBF: That’s good. Is Clint back?
Me: Or designing new gear in the new art studio/design room. They’re my happy spaces. However, the break room toaster now works perfectly fine and I added the PKI card reader to it so only authorized agents can now make toast.
Counselor Laura from 2023: I'm sure Clint is probably anxious; let him know I'm okay, though. It’s only been two days?
“Nope. Definitely not alone. Isn’t Stefan just the best boyfriend ever?” Tony snarked as he shot evil puppy number six in the hip. He’s going for maiming, not killing right now, mostly because he really wants to question the assholes so he can find the leak, plug it and maybe just maybe convince President Ellis or his replacement that at least this part of the Accords was stupid/dangerous.
Anthony: I’m still working on it, but Mr. Patriotism isn’t sure that America is ready for an Asian female Captain America. Of course, Mr. Patriotism probably wants that shield all to himself. I’ve seen the sketches for his new tactical suit. He put in muscles.
"And then the bad guy showed me a video file of Steve's brainwashed and crazy best friend murdering my mom and dad."
“I think I’ll go with you and get it myself.”
Me: I kind of like what I have. I’m used to it. Although, knowing what you were thinking most of the time would be helpful. You’re getting better at telling me stuff but I know it’s hard for you.
Me: I’m happy that I have at least risen back to the rank of friend because I didn’t think I would ever get that far, not after how we left things in Siberia. I’m also not one of those assholes that thinks friendship is some sort of consolation prize. I’ve had enough meaningless sex (though none recently) to know that I would rather have friendship. I think maybe why the Pepper thing hurts so badly is because I lost my friend Pepper too.
Nomad: Anything is salvageable, if you want to salvage it. It just takes time and effort.
BITC: Did something happen?
Me: Xoxoxo
Tony: Good news. Benji has a new BFF. There was a lot of binging on Halloween candy involved. The Princess genius likes the jack-o’-lantern peeps. She’s taking a case home with her.
Me: Sometimes I just wish you gave me plausible deniability.
Purple Arrow: Sure. Just promise me that you’ll have Agent America look over the moving plans.
But Puerto Rico is going a lot better this time around. SI received various contracts to get the power back on using arc reactor technology and had most of the power back on last month. Even in the remote parts.
"You're aware that the bad guy was fucking with us?"
Most people would be uncomfortable with their girlfriend being so distraught over their former lover. I’m not. You were friends long before you were lovers and I think Virginia wants that friendship back. Also, apparently you have a new boyfriend who’s in South Africa. At least that’s what Ms. Rodriguez told me. I really do like her.
Cuddle Bunny: That still doesn’t take away the problem of not knowing her. I can’t blindly trust somebody that I haven’t worked with
location: Grand Master’s palace, on Sakaar (I finally know how to spell it)
“Do you want to finish the rest of the questions?” Tony asked after several minutes of silence. He’s already on the freeway.
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last conversation. You are absolutely fantastic. This is another conversation between the two timelines. I decided that the Barton family conversations needed to be in their own section.
“The Kree haven’t been to Earth,” Thor remarked.
Anthony: Because the other option was already taken. I was going to send it from my Anthony Carbonell account. I use that account to follow all of my favorite food trucks and make snarky comments anonymously.
Me: Maybe in a few weeks. Before Christmas, at least. Stark wants everyone to come to Malta.
To be continued.
Me: Man wasn’t meant to time travel. Although, I like this version of you better. A bit of a darker edge. Also, you don’t get anywhere near as flustered with the sex jokes.
In case you did not figure it out, Agent M is Agent Melinda May. Not to be confused with the actual Agent M a.k.a. Marvel’s VP of Digital Content
“Thank you. I would’ve made a cup myself, but apparently, the machine down here has been replaced with a minibar.” He was not happy to find that earlier.
Me: The kids were great. They don’t hate me. Some of their parents whisper about me behind my back, but kids are great. Less condescending. Which explains why I hang out with so many of them. And Friday has just informed me that one is on his way to the penthouse right now, because Happy is a softy who apparently hates watching kids. I think he’ll be back in California by the end of September
“Well think about how you want your friends to be happy. Tony and Pepper were never going be happy in a romantic relationship together. You know this. They would keep trying until it completely broke them. Now they’re on their way back to becoming best friends again. Do you want Tony and Pepper to really be happy?”
Counselor Laura: You even arranged for us to see Clint on your private island. That’s part of the reason why I stayed clean and why I agreed to help you. You’re a good person under the suits and bravado.
The boss: You’re the best nanny/assistant I’ve ever had.
In hindsight, you made the right decision because being around me is always going to be dangerous. Maybe you needed some distance to protect yourself. I would never forgive myself if something else happened to you. You deserve more than to be collateral damage. Last time was already too much.
I’m going to sleep in my own room, not in the cuddle pile going on between Benji, MJ, and Flash. See the picture attached. They are in one of the Embassy guest rooms altogether because there are king-size beds here. They remodeled rooms on this level not to look like barracks to ride out the apocalypse. Everybody’s wearing clothing, but they're just the cutest. A sleepy Benji just crawled in between the two. I have video.
Tony: Totally not the point.
Tony: Yet you have not asked before now despite how many times we've hung out together at Chucky Cheese.
Tony: I get creeped out when people accost me without clothes on.
(See the end of the chapter for
“However, to alleviate your worries, after I have retrieved the three, this body will be destroyed and my personality will be uploaded into a new body as it was exactly 1 minute before I access the book. I will remember nothing of what I’ve read.” Afia reassured the group. “You’re going to need my help for what comes next.”
The boss: Especially because the Accords are gone. They're already working on a purple asshole contingency plan. Better than what we did because instead of the Avengers being broken in pieces, they have like four squads working together.
Purple arrow: This means you have access to everything.
Agent M: She didn’t specify.
Tony: She is. It totally makes sense that she is an LMD teenager in the other timeline because she’s such a teenager now.
Red phone: Ana got me the materials to put my first circuit board together and Jarvis was the one who got Peggy to teach me how to fight back when classmates twice my size used to dump me in the trash for fun. This was just another way for me to make sure they both had a legacy.
"I was hoping to avoid this conversation."
Anthony: 52. Although watching this kind of makes me want to go straight to the bar, but that sort of thing will mess up with my new medication. They just put me on a mild antidepressant.
Me: Yes. Clint is an asshole. About an hour ago, the bastard served her with divorce papers and then went dark after all the work I put in getting him back in this country.
The Big Boss: Obviously they didn’t read their email. Actually, I’m not sure if some of them can actually open their email.
Thank you to everybody who read or reviewed the last chapter. You're all fabulous. I have a great time. Awesome con 2017. I even got into the Stan Lee panel. That was fun.
"It’s not the same."
So, in my universe, James Leopold a.k.a. Leo Fitz comes from Earth 199999. The idea reality where the TV and movies played together, and everything makes sense. (It's not their fault that the Russo brothers told nobody what they were doing, even the Far from Home team were in the dark 90% of the time). The new timeline created when Leo went back in time will be referred to as Earth 199998. I’m still trying to come up with a number to give to Deke’s reality since Earth 2091 has been taken.
Friday: I will prepare a primer for you and the Avengers of 2018.
"I don’t know.” Tony responds hesitantly. “It was nice being with someone who can fight along with me when it all goes to hell. At least I don’t have to worry about my assistant getting killed. It was kind of nice to not have to worry about that."
HSBF: How long do you think it will be until they shorten the acronym to Shield in the press?
Tosha: In your defense, you thought he was dead. It’s understandable.
Blue phone: Do you actually design stuff on paper?
Purple arrow 2018: Protect the kids?
12:58 AM
“OK, can you explain to Pepper what’s happening until Dr. Leopold is conscious enough to talk to his boss himself? Also, dust off the strategy to tell the board that he's an Avenger. We might need it soon."
“If you care about her, then make a move. Don’t let your fears hold you back. Nothing in this world is guaranteed. But you can’t live vicariously through Tony Stark any longer. Tony has moved on. He is in a good place. He is happy. Even with everything going on in Washington with the Accords and registration, he’s happy. I don’t think I’ve seen him like this before.”
"That's fine.” Tony reluctantly agreed.
“I think he is starting to accept that Pepper and I will never ever be together for real this time.”
Happy Bear: I am worried about you. I know about Siberia. My dad was abusive. He said he loved us but he hit us and mom all the time. It didn’t stop until I learned to hit back. I think that’s why I’m upset about this.
“Okay, I think I’m right and you are overthinking.”
Nomad: I doubt the director will report you. Plus, I know, your suits have stealth mode.
Avenger mission report of Agent Daisy Johnson; UN Avengers member
Yes your taste in men is horrible, me included. Me, especially. Why did you date me when you were well aware of things like Tahiti and Cancun? By the way, I think I’ve repressed most of Tahiti. That was bad. I guess that’s reason 622 for me to keep being sober.
Blue phone: It wasn’t your fault that you didn’t see who he really was.
Also, I’m sorry for worrying both you and your nephew. I’m sure Laura informed both of you that tales of my impending demise were greatly exaggerated. News media always exaggerates at least when it comes to me. Sometimes it's on purpose. They have to keep those ratings up. I honestly think the shareholders started half of the rumors. I'm sorry you guys were so worried, but really, I am doing better.
“He’s a fugitive because he helped us.” Steve felt awful about that and it just got worse after he saw Lila’s drawling a couple of weeks ago. “It shouldn’t be that way. He has the kids and Laura to worry about."
“Yes. Completely and unconditionally.” Steve answered firmly again.
Xxxxx
Thank you to everybody who read or review the last conversation. You are all absolutely fabulous. This conversation takes place a couple of hours after the last one.
BITC: Even though I hate it.
Me: Want? Yes.
“Yes. Coulson is even with the new Captain America. The old one goes by Nomad now and is engaged to Stark. The wedding is on April 28. You would be invited, but Stark doesn’t have your number. Though he would like to fix that.” Hunter remarked as he threw one of the new communicators at Thor. Theoretically, the thing should be able to send text messages to earth from Asgard. It just may take a day or two. Daisy had one on her as well. It was built into her new nanotech tactical suit that was currently concealed as street clothes.
Me: I’m okay. The kids are happy. We’re still talking things out. He had an encounter with our least favorite asshole that’s making him a little shaky but it’s okay.
Me: Good, we are building a rapport here where you only think I’m slightly crazy. And trust me, it’s okay if you don’t believe me.
Anthony: Which you will be in charge of because I can’t lecture anybody about not being reckless. I can’t be that much of a hypocrite. I could, but I choose not to be.
Me: Retirement.
“We are trying to do our best to make things right even though we have no idea what we’re doing half the time,” Steve added.
Me: His own daughter doesn't even like him. The guy nearly dying couldn't fix that.
Anthony: Probably not seeing each other daily is why we were able to fix things. Just 13 more days until I tackle you to the bed and kiss the hell out of you. Don't wear a shirt you like because I am ripping that sucker.
HSBF: True.
Me: We are all aware I make questionable decisions.
"I have to do something during boring meetings and Yo-Yo keeps taking my phone. I can’t fight back. I don’t even see when she does it. No one else does either."
Nomad: Is that normal for these types of events?
Me: The heroes always have bad publicity. The villains get the best publicists. Although, Jane is doing an excellent job recently.
Cuddle Bunny: But Pepper was just working so it wasn’t actually like they were going to find out anything scandalous. I hate that people are so nosy in this time.
Red Malibu: As the parent of a preteen, you are well aware that they never listen to anything you say which is the whole reason why the ferry incident happened. Unfortunately, the whole situation is making S edgy, i.e. in the mood to arrest people, even juveniles.
Me: Actually, I think the fact that we’re friends is why they believe you can mind crazy geniuses.
Me: So far we’ve mostly talked about how to deal with your Spidey problem and we really don’t have any solutions.
“Yes, because I don’t want to screw things up as badly as before.” He wasn’t expecting that confession.
HRH stands for His Royal Highness and refers to T'Challa.
“This is true. I think I know what question this is. The one about what death hurt the most?” Steve asked.
Tony Potts: I’m trying to stay sober, so I’m not even going to touch your comment about Steve being happy with me.
Me: You’re so vicious and overprotective, sometimes it’s weird and a little adorable.
Red spider: So, the entire planet doesn’t find out that Coulson was kidnapped by aliens trying to raid the Earth of resources before another alien shows up.
“Yes, but we don't understand why the reports about what happened in Asgard are from someone named the Valkyrie and Bruce Banner of all people. What was he doing in Asgard? I don’t know because I’m not even allowed to look at the reports. Why isn’t there anything from Thor?” MJ asked. He knew MJ was most concerned with what happened in Asgard because her cousin was now involved.
Me: Still in progress.
Tony Potts: Exactly. We can even get some reinforcements. Nebula and Rocket may come to join us. Also, if things work with Simmons, maybe you can go to Norway for an intervention. Storm Breaker would be good to have.
Tony: Creampuff?
“Who is the giant purple raisin that Thor is trying to stab?” As Tony asked the question, he realizes that this is more than just a drawing.
“Your wife was right. That’s something you need to work on.” She tells him as she continues watching the video. Everyone she can see in the frame is a mess. Of course, they would be after losing so much. She also wonders if this Steve ever received treatment for his adjustment disorder. She will ask later, just focus on one problem at a time.
“And this is why we made Platypus and Lily Bear’s aunt the Avengers diplomat/government liaison for years. With the aunt on the lamb, Platypus had to step up and do all the untangling post Germany fiasco by himself. He went head-to-head with the UN. Even before that he was the government’s liaison to Stark Industries.”
Nomad: I’m glad that you trust me like that, but you’re going to have to change that until I’m back.
I wonder how Simmons spent an entire summer on the planet of the Damned with just one other person for contact? I hate it here and want to go home. I really miss my girlfriend and my cousin.
“You are a great catch,” Steve said, leaning over to kiss Tony gently on the lips.
Agent L. Barton: I am not surprised at all. We need to pass the schematics to the other team during the window.
To be continued.
Me: Considering Jane just tried to take Yo-Yo’s phone from her, I’m going with probably slightly less pissed off then Mr. Patriotism will be about me referring to her as the new Captain America. Less evil Ross and Talbot really wanted Jeffrey to be the new Captain America. Seriously, they gave his costume fake muscles. How pretentious.
Me: Because Deputy Secretary of State would be the chief negotiator when it comes to renegotiating the Accords. Negotiations could begin as early as February, if the new State Department is in place by then.
“Okay, we will continue. The next one might be easier. We need to name three things we have in common.” Tony snorted at that.
Me: That does not surprise me.
Purple Princess: Where is she then?
MayMQ: Of course Jeffrey said too much. Will he tell his uncle?
Football Hunter: And we know that none of that happens until after the day you bounce back, which is a good 16 months away. During those 16 months, you should focus on your health and getting as strong as possible, and we both know that can't happen if you stay at Shield. The healthier you are, the better you'll be able to handle things when the purple raisin with the glove fetish shows up.
Early Morning March 24, 2018
Counselor Laura from 2023: Bruce, I can get to attend. Dr. Potts should be there. If he’s not cursing my name in effigy. Do I tell him about Hydra continually trying to kill his family members before or after this meeting?
“I’m always telling my group not to feel guilty. That we are here for a reason, and we should make the best of the life we have.” Too bad Steve doesn’t always take his own advice.
Nomad: But maybe you guys could’ve got over the other things if that didn't happen.
Tony: I see your point.
Tony: And we don’t make those because of TyTy. But shirtless selfies are still okay.
Purple Princess 2018: Only Dad can contact her. Since she is deeply undercover at the FBI. She’s already caught a couple of dirty agents. Or I guess maybe Steve can contact her as well, even if the world doesn’t think he’s her stepfather anymore. I'll contact my dad after this and let him know. He's already worried about my all-night science bender, but it worked.
Me: No
“Ana said this is where I could find food and not have to interact with my grandparents or step-grandparent. This morning was weird enough. Simmons invited me to their anniversary party after the Lighthouse tour. I can’t deal with that again right now.” Everyone looked at him very strangely.
Of course, that was before he stopped drinking. It’s much harder to do this sober. He realized that during yesterday’s business lunch. If he didn’t have Steve to talk to, he’s sure that the temptation may have become too much. When a certain now blonde ninja started talking about bad decisions made in Germany and Siberia, he sincerely wished that his orange juice would suddenly become a mimosa. Thankfully, Stevie bear stopped that quickly by blaming himself for everything. That just made everything extra awkward.
Cuddle bunny: At least you weren’t playing with your phone.
HSBF: Yes, actually by Senator Christopher Ward. Why are they still playing that considering I am a wanted war criminal?
“There you go. You are still important to Kamala. I’ll be there for you through this. I’ll help you share this burden. You can even stay at the cabin for a while with Robin. Whatever you need.” Tony wanted Steve there to help him through this. Breakups are hard, even under the best circumstances.
The end
I also love the man who would lie to the board to cover up the fact that his friend and head of security disregarded a preapproved action plan. Therefore, accidentally leading to a lot of Avenger tech being on the black market if not for the intervention of a teenager from Queens. They all think that last night was a trap.
Me: Not even me.
Anthony: I probably owe her nice shoes for that.
Red phone: This all happened when she broke into my apartment 2 hours ago and gave me a reason to make the suit earthquake proof.
HSBF: I apologized.
He wasn’t sure how to respond to that. So he just stayed quiet.
Peter is 99% sure that if he was not Spider-Man, he would’ve dropped his phone. Although his mortified look led to Flash and MJ looking over his shoulder to see what he was reading.
Tony: And I'm OK with Wanda. We've made peace with each other.
“But it didn’t work out?”
“I will. Even though we’re not together, he is still my best friend. I’ll keep Tony safe until you can come home.”
“What are you doing?” Bobo one asked.
Blue phone: You imagine some crazy stuff when you're drunk.
BITC: I’m still allowed to talk to MJ, yet she didn’t call. And you because my mom hasn’t even thought to ban you.
Tony: Probably, especially if president in four years is what you strive for. I don’t know if the world is ready for a first husband in the White House, especially if the president is a guy. But senator i s totally a possibility.
DILF: Simmons didn’t believe that we could get the stones; at least not without help. So, she used a piece of the monolith and the Pym particles to send Deke to retrieve her Fitz. At least we think that’s what she did. She’s not confirming anything
Me: You don’t. But hey, at least the University is getting a new library out of it.
December 22, 2016
Me: And you won’t let me call you Captain Tight Pants anymore which is sad. Although, I do love calling you cuddle bunny. And let me just say how happy I am you acknowledge that.
D: There’s a plan?
“So how soon am I going to need the engagement press release to be ready? Even if we are announcing his retirement, SI still needs to be prepared.”
Karen: I can confirm that the seismic activity in Los Angeles is caused by Eli Morrow. He is currently violating the law of conservation of matter or at least attempting to.
Football Hunter: Most of what was going to happen, won’t happen because of things you’ve already changed. No LMayD or nightmare in the Framework and Jeffrey will probably live to retirement and not cause a PR nightmare by the world finding out that he’s not actually inhuman.
Red phone: You might be able to trust your own judgment, but I can't trust mine because it's absolute shit.
Anthony: This is Ms. Rodriguez, Mr. Stark’s assistant. He will be available after his session.
Conversation 20: Mandatory Therapy
Time sent: 9/21/2016 12:35:11
The new consultant: Necessary if aliens are invading. I need to go and take a shower and change before you get here your Royal highness. Also, I assume I should pack a bag?
Me: At least Kimball is nice, usually. I may have to do Fallon as well next week. It depends on how things blow over. Or if the board actually does try to make me undergo an involuntary psych evaluation. The good news is most people like Stefan except for the diehard Pepperony shippers and the homophobic.
Tony Potts: I’m not even surprised. You know some of those records may not be destroyed here. We could look into it?
Me: Because Ross is an asshole and Thor knows the idiot only managed to get confirmation because the only qualification was not being Hydra.
Me: Hey Godmother, I have no idea if this burn phone is in the nearest lake, but you should know that you owe me 20 bucks because Captain Oblivious just realized that Shellhead has a schoolboy crush on him.
