“I was supposed to say ‘Even your games are shit’, but yeah  Hammer Tech’s shit so I guess that wins.”
“No shit Sherlock,” Tony replied as he fumbled with the DVD player that he brought, insisting that if they use Clint’s monstrosity again he’ll commit suicide. “We seriously need a smart TV, is the owner even aware about Netflix?” He added as he jammed the cable a little too harshly.
“Shall I too hit you with a book?” The man asked, his voice loud and booming. It was a miracle no one heard him.
If any from the people Thor was living with noticed the too wide smile he had plastered on his face, no one asked him or pointed it out. For starters they don’t really care, second they all think they’re not that close to having normal chit chats, and third, no one was really there to see it anyway.
Clint was the first one to discover the building, the first to snag a room, the first to move in, the first to start the sudden tradition of sticky notes, and also the first to drink Tony’s carton of milk (thinking it was his before he realized his name wasn’t on it—though once he started it he can’t really stop himself).
“I was,” Tony replied as if the answer can’t be more obvious. “What do you think was I doing here minutes ago?”
Natasha raised an eyebrow, he didn’t know if she’s telling him to continue or daring him to continue because, honestly speaking, Bruce isn’t good at reading people, especially if he’s reading her.
At the same moment, Natasha climbed down the stairs, a pink towel hung on one of her shoulders, and proceeded to make her way towards the bathroom, the two men oblivious at the newcomer.
Also, if any of have noticed, there are finally relationship tags! But, yeah, if you have any recommendations with what other good pairings to add, I don't mind adding them if I think it'll work. Don't worry guys, I don't bite.
“I did, but no probing questions?” She said as she fiddled through his phone. “I could have just made a run for it with your phone.”
Bruce, like any other day, pushed his stuff at the side to make way at the mountains of blueprints Tony carries with him in a daily basis. Honestly, Bruce was pretty sure that  ninety-eight percent of it were not even school-related.
Bruce, on the other hand, sat rather stiffly from his spot before glancing at Tony then back at Natasha and then looking back at Tony. “So, uh, is this a thing now?”
But in all honesty, she didn’t know why she was frowning in the first place. She wasn’t angry, or sad, it’s more like she was trying to solve something. Which doesn’t make any sense, she thinks that whatever it is the others were doing was childish and she didn’t want to be a part of it, end of discussion. And yet here she was, thinking about it with no reason why it even crossed her mind.
He was rummaging through his food—which was far less than usual—he was really getting tight with his budget when a hand landed on his shoulder.
“Just to put it out there, I don’t prance around wearing just a towel.” Pretending like nothing was wrong was an easier way out, it never usully solves the problem, but it's still easier.
On her first day, she did her best not to be seen by anyone. She didn’t own a lot of stuff, so it was easy to move in without getting that much attention. She picked the farthest room on the right wall, considering that it was the only room that had two windows. It’s not that she likes windows, it’s just nice to think that if she ever needed to leave immediately she has two ways out.
“Oh, okay, wow. Um—” Bruce continued to scratch the back of his neck. “So sorry about, the hitting you part, by the way, also don’t do that, we don’t use that as a greeting here.”
He waited patiently for anyone to knock on Tony’s door and tell him to shut the hell up. Because seriously, some of them have classes to attend.
He padded down the stairs, and as expected, he was greeted with an empty living room. Not that he was expecting for any of the other tenants to be there, but ever since that little marathon last night, (was it even last night? Or was it this morning? He was pretty sure he called it a night at about a quarter to eight, but he was never aware of time so who the fuck knows?) a very small—and disgustingly cringy—part of him was expecting for the place to change up a bit. But, of course, thing don’t change overnight.
Natasha noticed the small smirk Tony had on his face and she actually had to stop herself from doing the same thing. The thought that Tony thinks he had his own joke that he could only understand, the joke being no one knowing who he is when his name is the leading brand all over the globe, and yet Natasha also knew about it without him knowing entertains her in a cynical way.
She was even more surprised when he actually started attending classes at SHEILD, even more, when she realized he was using a fake name.
Steve wanted to ask how Thor is just like him, or why is Natasha telling him this as if she knows something that he doesn’t, but what he ask was the subject that nags at him the most. “Eggshells?”
Natasha sighed and stood up from her seat and walked towards the two bickering housewives. “Boys,” she said grabbing the CD on the counter. “Either fix your shit, or we’re watching without you two.”
Again, he decided whether to confront the man that has been forbidding him to sleep, but thought that he’d rather blow off some steam with archery. And again, he debated whether to drink from Tony’s milk, but he’d rather want to have some good night sleep.
Tony gestured at Clint, as if trying to make reason, “See? Even he says he ran away from home. And it’s Clint.”
Clint sighed. “Listen, dude,” he said. “I don’t know you, and I could barely buy my own food these days.” Because apparently, what they say with burning through your money in you teenage years was like throwing away a condom,  was quiet true. “So wherever you got that big ass idea that I’ll go buy you a hotdog with a glare that could probably kill a rabbit, never go back there again.”
It suddenly registered in Thor’s head that he was talking to someone, to someone! He didn’t need to think of a conversation starter because he wasn’t the one to start the conversation in the first place, which was new and refreshing for some reason, and by the looks of it, she appeared to be of the same age as him.
And because he doesn’t like to share his stuff with strangers (or strange people that only shows up in the bathroom) he started putting sticky notes on his foods inside the fridge.
Remember when I said I'll only be able to update twice a month then suddenly not updating the whole month? Yeah, about that... I'm sorry?
Lunch with Loki could be counted as eventful, he never knew a kid that young could even think that amount of words to insult a sandwich.
Thor’s brain short-circuited and he’s next actions wasn’t really something he’d like to repeat. He walked up to Clint and shoved the flowers towards the smaller man’s chest.
the subject of the argument, you know, the Justin Hammer part, then it kinda snowballed from there.”
“You’re not obligated to learn anything about me,” The boy said. “You just need to provide me food.”
Tony drained his cup and stared at Thor. “Well,” he said, his tone a little light to even work with the current situation. “Bruce killed his dad,” Bruce almost choked from his tea. “I don’t even like my folks, I’m pretty sure Legolas over here’s an orphan, but that doesn’t mean it’s the end of the world.
“Good, we’re good.” Then his eyes landed on Bruce’s bag, almost to quickly. “What’s with the bag? It’s a weekend.”
She leveled him a gaze. “I’m assuming you’re Loki,” she said. “Hence, I’m assuming you guys live in Building A.”
Natasha glanced at Bruce who was obviously not reading the book that he was holding, considering that he hadn’t changed the page for the last five minutes, and noted the small quirks of his mouth as the banter between the other two continued on, then at Steve who was looking more uncomfortable by the second. Thor was still trying to start a conversation with Steve, completely oblivious that the other man was trying his best not to engage in small talk.
Steve sighed. Jesus Christ, he was never getting home. “Alright, just don’t fall asleep. I’d like to get back before my next birthday.”
“This is Vanessa!” Wade says, a little too loudly as he suddenly scrambles to his feet. He gently grabs her shoulders, steering her toward the door. “And she and I have
I basically rewrote this entire chapter from scratch because I didn't like my original idea for it. It's another short one since I'm still setting everything up for later; and also to introduce the idea of my multiple POVs. I have four perspectives in mind for the narrative.  I hope you enjoy! :)
, and Steve looks like he’s about five seconds from spontaneously combusting. At least he’d die happy.
“I mean…” Peter relaxes a bit, unclenching his stiff shoulders. “I think they’re pretty cool. And I think you should
Bucky wiped his chin. Blood stained the white cloth; he grimaced at the sight. “I’m not sorry,” he said. Or tried to, at least. His mouth was still swollen, so the words came out almost slurred. “Guy deserved it.”
“I’m the only one in here!” Peter all but yells as he stomps toward the counter. He glares at the baristas; they don’t seem bothered: Mutton Chops stares out the window, while Sunglasses shrugs and wipes off his apron with a rag.
with the guy, and what do I do?” Steve lifts his gaze from his palms; the darkness is almost welcome in comparison to Bucky and Sam’s pitying faces. They exchange a glance.
Bucky clicked his tongue but didn’t respond. It didn’t seem to do much good anyway. He just stared at the ceiling as she left. It held no worth. Much like his school record at this point.
“I have enough problems with DUM-E here,” Tony says, waving his hand in DUM-E’s general direction, “and he’s basically one of those hand-grabber things you can get at the zoo. I don’t even wanna think about adding anything
grab a thicker jacket if he intends to go anywhere though. It’s cold outside, after all, and all he has to show for it is a very thin hoodie. The library is basically across campus; he's not willing to freeze to death just 'cause he doesn't want to face - whatever this may nor may not be. The word
Tony opens his mouth, then promptly closes it. He continues to fiddle with his aviators, still spinning them; Bruce squeezes his eyes shut, resting his head on the back of the booth; and Peter awkwardly fumbles with his phone, sneaking peeks at the group every few seconds.
“I’m so sorry!” she all but yells, scrambling to her feet. She topples over again a moment later, landing on his chest.
cracked his head open is a gift from God Himself. Headaches are too common nowadays in the world of Peter Benjamin Parker between Professor Osborn’s boring lectures and knack for
fourteen,” he mutters, staring at said floor like its his only refuge. The fact that Stark and his entourage are still in the area
Bucky sits on his own bed. This certainly isn’t how he’d planned to spend the day. He’d planned to maybe spend some time alone in the room, maybe take a nap, and then maybe venture out into the real world. Maybe see a movie. Go explore the city. Not watch a girl he’s only just met have a laugh attack.
Especially Tony. Tony tries playing everything off like he doesn’t care; like he has this constant Cool Guy Aura that everyone
She solemnly nods, eyes skimming the ceiling. She holds her empty cup in both hands, absently crushing the plastic in a too-tight grip; bits of whipped cream stain the clear lid. “I told Pete I’d meet him for lunch,” she says suddenly. “Pretty sure he just wants a free meal.”
Steve looks up, finding a few fresh faces walk right on by without a second’s glance, but no sign of Bucky or Sam.
“Gwen, I’m fine,” he says, shaking his head. “I am. I’m happy for you. I’ve been over you for a while now, y’know.”
thinks he’s seeing the barista? But he made it pretty clear that he wasn’t even interested; hell, the
“Not really.” Swallowing takes a lot of effort, but he manages it. Somehow. “I just – I don’t understand
is an understatement. He tilts back in his chair, keeping a hand poised on the edge of the table. The fact that his ex-girlfriend is sitting and staring at him is
After Beth walks off, Bruce immediately grabs the coffee and begins drinking it. Straight out of the pot. No reservations. And Jen doesn’t even try and stop him, and she
He dabs the front of his shirt. Luckily, it’s dim. The only source of light is the overcast skies streaming through the window and a couple tiny table lamps, so she probably can’t tell that he’s blushing. “It went down wrong,” he says, voice weak. His lungs are swimming.
“Appearances can be deceiving.” Tony rubbed his eyes with the heels of his hands. “Being me isn’t all it’s cracked up to be.” He glanced over, chuckling to himself again; it came off as a bit sardonic and self-deprecating.
amused at the idea – because Steve can barely talk to the guy without running into solid objects, let alone
means. He shakes his head. “I didn’t want to make him feel bad about his last break-up though. I feel like an asshole.”
“Uh-huh.” Peter chances a glance to find Tony still swiping across the screen of his phone at break-neck speeds. Must be an important conversation. “I mean, you said it had to do with robots and I
Bucky’s downtime. He enjoys Steve’s company, don’t get him wrong, but sometimes – sometimes it’s just nice to have some time alone. He’s able to take a break; able to… unwind. Because now that
“Tones is unconventional, that’s for sure,” Peter says, stepping forward to gaze at the papers. They’re schematics for jet boots; a nice addition to the pack. “He’s really gone all out.”
Steve looks up from his lap. Straight ahead is one of the largest houses he’s ever seen. A beige, multiplex
be best in person, but if he’s being honest with himself, he’d rather leap off the top of the Empire State Building than talk to his roommate about
“Oh, my God!” Bruce yells. He doesn’t even give Jen time to react before he’s on his feet, jumping behind the counter to grab a handful of napkins. “I am so, so
Bucky rolls his eyes. “That sounds like a bunch of unnecessary steps. Why can’t we just go talk to Banner directly?”
Sam grins and claps his hands. “Basically, Natasha is Bruce Banner’s ex-girlfriend. We were gonna try and get her to talk to Bruce to talk to Tony.”
about your love-life though, isn’t it?” Tony’s grinning again, the façade too easily broken. “I gotta warn you, I’m a
not straight, though,” Tony eventually says without skipping a beat, and he says it like it’s a central fact of life. Like the sun being hot or Thor being… hot. And to his credit, he doesn’t seem offended or even mildly surprised. It’s a nice moment, even
dated his fair share of women in the time she’s known him. Most prominently, his ex-girlfriend, Pepper; she’s pretty sure they still speak on a somewhat regular basis.
Steve slowly lowers himself, careful to keep a good distance. It’s not a large bench, only two seats separated by a metal bar, so there isn’t much leeway. Still, he keeps his knees pointed away, so their legs won’t touch.
“But if it’ll make you happy, I’ll help you.” Bucky nudges Steve’s shoulder with his own. “But I gotta warn you, if he hurts you, he ain’t gettin’ off easy.”
off the bed.  “It’s so great to finally meet you!” she exclaims. She's stunning, no doubt, and looking at her is just about the most painful experience of his entire college career, thus far. Only three years to go. “Wade talks about you, like,
Bucky rolled his eyes. “I won’t be if you take much longer.” He glanced at his watch. It was only five; plenty of time to still get set for his date. “Y’know, blondie,” he added, grinning when Steve glared, “you
“Everything is fine?” Bruce says, twirling a pen in hand. He glances between the blueprints and the ceiling, like he’s hoping an arcade crane will pluck Peter out of the room and throw him down a chute. “I don’t really get this whole flight suit thing,” he admits, though he says it quietly, so Peter’s pretty sure the comment is meant to be personal.
“So I can make you rest. Captain’s orders.” But he had a glint in his eye that told Tony he could be convinced.
They both froze, listening for the signs of waking kids, but when it remained silent, Stíofán raised an eyebrow. “Thought I told you to keep quiet?”
“That’s great Steve,” Tony told him, and he meant it. Steve had always been made for better things than war and it sounded like he was on the right track. “Really it is.”
He was twitchy. The itch to get home getting stronger with every passing minute. He was close - once this was dealt with they were only a few hours’ ride.
Steve sat back in the chair Tony had gotten for him near the counter at the bookshop. Tony was dealing with a customer, and Steve had his sketchbook on his lap, sketching Jem’s fluffy grey ears tucked against the pile of books. If he also just happened to also be sketching Tony in the background, his eyes alight with the possibility of pairing a customer with the perfect book, the light bouncing off his thick wavy hair, the slight curve of his mouth…
“I know, and it’s not guilt, exactly, just - when our pup was sick I realised the most important thing was spending time with my family. And I want more time for that.”
“Holy shit. Steve Rogers. I just, I thought the name was a coincidence. But that, you said those guys were seriously high level? High enough to, I don’t know, clone Captain America?”
Steve smiled, shifting so Peter could sit alongside him and show him the drawing. Tony took in the picture they made, feeling the warmth of knowing this would be their future, the three of them together. And as Steve took his hand, entwining their fingers together with a wink, Tony felt utterly content.
He reached for Tony only to find his hand blocked as the Sheriff hand snapped around his wrist in an iron grip.
“So does this mean you let me fall on my ass on purpose when we met?” Tony asked in a low murmur as he waved to the cameras.
“Are we here? Please tell me we’re here,” a grumpy voice groaned behind him, and Stíofán couldn’t help his amused smile. He turned around to look at his very round doe on top of the sturdy brown donkey he’d bought on their way out of Rome. “If I have to sit on this
“Well, I hope you enjoy living with this lug. You know he’s a real slob, bad at dishes, and he leaves beard hair when he tri--argh!”
“Alright, alright, that’s enough. Seems like you two have had a rocky start. Steve, Tony’s new to town. Maybe you misunderstood. He’s a witch.”
Steve’s mouth twitched in the way Tony knew meant he was trying not to smile. “I volunteer too, at the VA and with underprivileged kids. Keeps me busy.”
“Mom, I know,” Tony told her. “I’ll be careful. I promise.” He hugged her, letting her squeeze him tight before he shook hands with his father.
“Just relax Steve,” he told him, letting the heat in his belly flow into his voice. “I’m going to rock your world.”
Stupid party planner. Who cared about the hotel’s aesthetic when the tower was already a work of art?
Steve nodded, a wry smile on his lips. “Something like that. For now, I’d just like to be out of my shitty apartment. The heating breaks on the regular, so it’s cold nights and cold showers.”
“Sorry.” His hand trailed through Tony’s hair without thought, pushing it out of the way. It wasn’t until Tony looked at him wide-eyed that he realised what he’d done.
“Tomorrow I have to help with the new housebuilding,” Stíofán told the kids as he pulled the blanket over them as they snuggled up together. “Remember? For Bucky and his new doe. He arrives by next moon and we have to be ready.”
“I’ll leave you to it,” Coulson said, looking amused, and he handed Steve what looked like a blue jacket. “You might need this when you head out.” He gave Tony a nod and headed off to speak to some of the other agents.
He swallowed hard, trying to fight back the swell of longing. He wouldn’t get to have that again. He really thought they’d been seriously in love. Hell, they were still a month off their first anniversary, and he’d been thinking about when would be too early to propose.
anything,” Clint points out as he flags down the bartender. She’s not wearing a name badge, but Steve’s going to assume that the older, curly-haired woman is Josie. “Stark’s always lookin’ to show off anyway –”
“Hey, if it’s any consolation,” Sam says, frowning like he’s just realized what he’s said. He opens his eyes the rest of the way and sits up little straighter. “I
is somewhat debatable because he spends far too long in the bathroom to just be checking his Facebook feed while listening to 80s pop ballads. And Peter knows what
“Alrighty, well, just let me know.” Beth walks off, her smile not faltering even as another customer demands another “less shitty” cup of joe. The café isn’t large by any means, so his voice travels; several other patrons turn to look, including Peter and Jen. Dude looks like he’s at war with
on the knees), but he’d live. He’d get to leave school though and pretend that this not-so-subtle conversation never happened.
“Look, Steve,” he says instead, “I just want to make sure you know what you’re getting into. Tony Stark doesn’t exactly have a strong monogamous record; I just don’t want you gettin’ hurt.”
“I’m sure it will eventually be on the agenda though, sir,” JARVIS quips, earning a good-natured middle finger from Tony. He basically just flips off the ceiling and Peter chuckles.
“You have terrible coordination. You probably would’ve fallen on your face half-way and napped ‘til spring.”
“So, how’s school going?” Gwen asks, her eyes on her feet. She has a tight grip on Peter’s hand; the circulation is fading and fast. Ice skating isn’t really her forte, apparently. Not that Peter is doing much better; he’s barely even moving his legs as he shuffles along, keeping a hand grasped on the side railing.
“I regret this conversation,” Peter says, flipping his hood up in an admittedly lame-ass attempt to avoid Tony’s eyes. “Just – just forget it.”
Still, though – he’s not much in the mood for apologies. “I know, but now this whole thing might be for nothing.” His words come out much ruder than he knows they should. “Sam thinks we could use this or whatever, but I’m not about to let Steve go on a goddamn pity date.”
. He just doesn’t like the idea of Steve liking someone as elusive as Tony Stark because Tony’s literally described himself as a “Genius Playboy”, and Jesus Christ, what a douchey way to introduce yourself.
“Bruce,” Jen sighs, and if she sighs any harder, she’s probably going to fizzle out like a balloon and fly off into the distance, “I have to ask,
,” Bruce grumbles, shoving a random pen behind his ear, “The whole thing with Nat. She’s seeing someone.”
“Mr. Stark has requested that I display an example of the prototype, so that you may gain a better feel for what he’s trying to do,” JARVIS states. The room dims and a giant hologram pops up in the center, bathing the room in blue.
about my shit timing; they’ve stopped answering their phones on weekends though, I’ll admit.” He sends Steve a lopsided grin, and Steve literally
take a trip to Hades. He glances at Clint and Kate, finding them amid a darts game that, judging by Clint’s sour expression, she’s
“Last Christmas,” Steve affirms with a short nod. He stares out the window again at the falling rain; the sky has darkened, leaving the crimson taillights just ahead as the main light source. Traffic is just barely crawling along at a tortoise pace, rather than a snail; it’s a euphoric feeling to be honest because as much as Steve enjoys being crammed in a car with his crush, his legs are starting to cramp.
Beth gets the worst of it. Luckily, it doesn’t reach her face; it merely splashes on her front, speckling her gold dress.
people. Be a lame-ass shindig.” He moves to rest his hip against the table; he’s seriously in Steve’s personal space
Looking around is a useless endeavor. There are too many people in here, and none of them seem interested in paying attention to
Tony frowned. It was a small and subtle, but it was definitely there. “I sorta regret going myself, and not just ‘cause of the impending hangover.”
Bucky removes his arm long enough to send a weak glare. Whether or not it even reaches Steve is a mystery for the ages. Still, he tries. “Steve, I’m fine with it.
Despite an almost overwhelming instinctual feeling telling him to tilt away because if Wade gets much closer, he’s going to wind up doing something that will totally
“That’s really great, Peter,” Wade says as he grabs his hoodie. “I know how much you hate it. Though come to think of it,” he adds thoughtfully, slinging his backpack over his shoulder, “who in their right mind actually
either; she only absently brushes it off and continues watching Clint shoot his stupid bow-and-arrow at the stupid targets.
super close contact with the Pietro Maximoff – only a casual nod or ‘hey’ in the halls – but he’d be lying if he said he didn’t remember
, Peter loses his grip and topples straight back. Straight onto the tile floor, smacking the back of his head.
Tony and Bruce stand gathered around the table with the robot, staring at the large sheet of blue paper. Jen, however, sits at a desk closer to the robo-corpses, trying hard not to nod off. It doesn’t help that the whole room is dimly lit, only partially showered in a florescent blue. It makes the room feel smaller, almost claustrophobic, and the partially destroyed robots do
to get drunk?” Natasha asks. She doesn’t spare Walters even the slightest glance, her eyes fixed squarely on Stark and his unshaven goatee.
As he takes it, Bucky glances at Sam and Steve: Sam’s jaw drops, point-blank. It’s a satisfying sight, if Bucky’s honest with himself. He hides a smirk beneath his hand.
Stark doesn’t seem affected in the least by this behavior. He only doubles down on motioning for the device. “So, I can add my number?”
?” Bucky raises his eyebrows. “I saw her roundhouse kick a guy once for fuckin’ catcallin’ her. Not that he didn’t
group of friends: Tony, Jen and Bruce. It’s so weird hanging out with people in their twenties. They’re not even what Peter would call
Bucky laughed so hard he was pretty sure he sounded more like a barking dog. It scared the cat anyway; she jumped off the sofa and ran out of the room.
well, but Bruce is… Bruce. The breakup is clearly still an open wound, though it happened weeks ago. No need to rub anything on it, even if it
Steve glared, running his knuckles outside the bottle; it was still chilled from their mini ‘fridge. Typically, alcohol didn’t suit him, but he’d be lying if he said he wasn’t tempted, high tolerance be damned. “Easy for
“Hey, kid,” a different voice says. He looks back up to see another barista join the party. This guy’s wearing a set of thick-rimmed sunglasses with crimson lenses. Weird. “Don’t mind him. He’s just an ass.”
Steve’s curiosity gets the better of him. “What d’you mean?” He leans his head against the window, staring at the impending traffic jam. Cars are already slowing down and they’ve barely even hit the freeway. Weekend getaways
of all things. He opens his mouth, then closes it. Then opens it again. Nothing comes out except a long-winded, “uhhhh…”
Jen’s voice seems to snap him out of… something. He freezes, his eyes wide behind the thin frames. He, however, doesn’t even spare Jen a passing glance. He just keeps staring at Beth like he’s sorry they ever even
“Don’t get me wrong, Stevie,” Bucky drawls, rolling his eyes. He slumps in his own seat across the way, resting his elbows on the back of the chair, “I know you like brunettes. I mean, you dated Peg for, like, a year, and then there was that weird fling with Johnny –”
“I wouldn’t wanna get in the way of you two lovebirds, anyway,” Bucky said with a short laugh. Even to his own ears, it sounded forced. Putting himself out there was hard. Really hard. It wasn’t like he’d planned on
anytime soon, however, if his lingering feelings for his fake boyfriend are anything to go by. Damnit.
“Oh, shit.” Sam raises his eyebrows when Bucky shows him the messages. “D’you think he figured it out?”
“Just – Steve wants me to help him with something.” Bucky sighs, leaning his cheek in his hand. He keeps his voice low, though he’s sure no one cares enough to eavesdrop. It’s a good-sized school, filled to the brim with highly-respectable academics who have more important things to worry about than silly schoolboy crushes.
“Sorry,” Peter mumbles, resting his cheek in his hand. His headache has thankfully gone away, though there’s probably a sizeable bump on the back of his head. He probably
“Do you want anythin’ else?” Bucky asked, motioning toward the bar. It wasn’t much more than a countertop lined with dozens of colorful bottles. So much alcohol, so little time.
of his past relationship. He and Jane Foster were the talk of the town, once upon a time. And then there were the rumors involving him and Brunhilde –
Surprisingly, Steve doesn’t watch him leave. He only stares at his phone, a sickly, dreamy expression on his face. It doesn’t disappear even as Bucky, Natasha and Sam all collapse in a fit of laughter.
A little uncalled for, but she doesn’t comment. “I honestly thought Thor was straight too,” she says instead, scratching her head. And it’s really only
“But what about –” Jen cuts off when it becomes apparent that Loki isn’t going to finish his thought. She sighs and glances back at her table; Peter is sitting across from her vacant seat. He waves.
order something, just to make this trip worthwhile, but nothing looks good. Nothing really stands out. If he were with his friends, he would’ve grabbed something already. But he’s not sure right now, and the barista’s
“Now that we’re both here again, however,” Loki continues, setting a couple of the books back in place, “I feel the need to ask you something.” He pauses to gauge her reaction, his face a mask of neutrality. It’s not like she can say
section. Even though Bruce is helping Thor with a project on Greek Mythology, not anything chemistry related. They sit huddled together, a pile of books and a trifold poster board set on the table in front of them. Thor looks like he’s on Cloud Nine just to be
few people I’ll talk about this with.” Tony rests his chin his palm, openly gazing at Peter, almost disdainfully. “Are you absolutely
new,” Sam echoes, drawing his hand back. It drops lamely to his side. He stares into the void, mouth hanging ajar. Nothing else comes out.
see the dark lines under his eyes. Her heart aches for him, it really does. “What’d you want to talk about anyway?”
to, right? – Tony replies almost immediately with a “Good job, Pete!” and a smiley face. Tony Stark hardly seems the type to use emojis, but it’s a nice gesture regardless. Peter writes back a quick, “thanks!” and enters his dorm.
Bucky or anything; he’s just… busy. Just very, very busy. With classes and all that. So, he doesn’t exactly expect his best friend to track him down.
.” Bucky flashed a grin. “I would’ve lost all faith in our friendship if you’d sat there for, like, a
Steve quickly shook his head. “Stay here, have some fun. It’s not too far a walk. Think I gotta clear my head.” He glanced at the window. Snowflakes fell from the sky, splattering the glass; he’d never been really keen on the winter months, but it wasn’t
Peter doesn’t even bother vocalizing his disapproval. He just gives his best ‘are you fucking kidding me?’ look and crosses his arms. Because what the actual
with him or whatever; don’t worry so much, Steve.” He takes a large bite, leftover potato skins and all.
spot for a nap, but a nap is a nap. When she turns back to Tony, with the sole intent of telling him to do the same – even if it means taking a very uncomfortable-looking nap on the other side of the table – she finds him wagging his finger at DUM-E.
too close attention for his own good), Jennifer isn’t like her cousin. She’s looking to be a lawyer.
“No. Literally DUM and E. DUM-E.” The machine seemingly looks at the pair, the crane lifting all on its own. “Yeah, I’m talkin’ about you,” Tony says, wagging his finger at it. “I’m showin’ my friend, Pete, ‘round the shop. Y’know, to prove that I’m not out to make an entire army of killing machines.”
Steve struggled to keep looking at the table. The ceiling didn't need to be seen, he knew it was white. White, plain, clean. Much like his love-life. “Okay,” he eventually muttered. “Okay. But
you tell Tony Stark that I’m seeing someone?” He pauses. “Who isn’t Steve? ‘Cause they both texted me and – oh, my God. You
that he remembers something, he doesn’t. Tony only laughs as he turns down the heater. “Pepper says I’m quite the spectacle when I wanna be.”
He stops typing his crude response (mainly about how he’s going to smack Sam with the nearest object next time he sees him) and looks up from his phone.
“Have you spoken with the Maximoffs lately?” Stark asks, squinting at the slacks draped over his arm. He runs a thumb over the fabric, frowning. “There’s a stain?
“You were the first person I thought of, I guess,” she says with a slight shrug. “We were hanging out the other day, so I guess you were just on my mind.”
Steve shook his head, chuckling to himself. He shoved his hands in his pockets, looking around at all the party-goers.
“Just tell me what the hell you even see in him.” Another fair question, he thinks because all he’s seen so far from the likes of Tony Stark is a guy who shrouds himself in his own ego. And Steve deserves so much more than that. He deserves someone
to, but Stevie, you…” Bucky shakes his head again and turns his attention back to Sam. “Your roomie ever talk to that one chick?”
Steve whips back around so quick Bucky’s a little afraid his neck’s going to snap. “What – what exactly would you even
Beth. She doesn’t even seem surprised, honestly, just mildly annoyed as she continues writing the drink orders. Like she deals with this sort of thing far too often. “
“Guess I’m used to it.” Steve laughs. “That’s Bucky’s name for me, too. He has all the know-how in the world to come up with a more creative nickname, yet I’m still ‘punk’ or ‘blondie.’”
For several minutes there is no response. It’s enough time to actually make Peter somewhat pay attention to the front. He should anyway, since chemistry is at least
“Stevie was only tryin’ to do the right thing,” Bucky cut in, using the cloth to stifle the blood still dripping out his nose. It was probably broken at this point. Rumlow was a big guy who could pack a punch and
.” Any attempt to reach behind him is met with more tuts and many, many sidesteps. Jen has a good two or three inches on Tony – the short bastard – but he’s definitely quicker. “You keep me here half the night and you won’t even let me see the
sayin’, I know you and Tones aren’t on the best terms right now either.” Clint shoulders his own bow, setting a hand on his hip. “I figure it’d be easier to ask his best friend instead.”
asking for dating advice.” Tony laughs so hard that it comes out sounding more like a bark than anything. “You have a
Sam’s response is immediate, though that’s nothing new; the guy plays with his phone more often than Steve and Bucky combined:
he’s probably reading the room wrong, because he does that a lot, he shakes his head. “I hope I’m not hurtin’ your feelings when I say this, but I like to get to know a gal first –”
If Peter had anymore butterflies fluttering in his stomach, he’d soar away. He stares wide-eyed at the wall as Wade leaves.
“I came out to Thor,” Bruce says in such a low voice Jen wonders if she’s heard him wrong. “Because he
. So, he quickly relays. “Uh, yeah. Yep. Me and Steve. Steve and… me. We’re… dating.” The word lays heavy on his tongue.
Jennifer Walters seems in the same vein. She finishes the rest of her coffee, sucking up bits of half-melted ice with the already worn straw. It’s loud, but it doesn’t draw enough attention to warrant Stark’s stare; his eyes rest firmly on Bucky.
keep a tiny blue light; he has everything turned on, so the Ghosts of Experiments Past aren’t shrouded in shadows.
The courtyard is quiet with only a few bustling through the area as a segue to their next class. A few more lay in the grass, peacefully snoozing under the gold and crimson trees. Personally, Steve doesn’t think it’s nearly warm enough to comfortably lay on the dewy ground; mid-October is upon them after all and though it’s sunny, the air is chilly.
Kate lays a hand on his shoulder, her smile faint. “We should start cleaning up,” she says, motioning toward the targets. “It’s getting dark.”
Their eyes meet and she quirks her brows; the tiniest wrinkle bridges the gap. It’s almost cute. Almost. Really, she just looks more agitated than anything and for the life of him, he doesn’t know
they ever become friends. Or vague acquaintances. Or at least something other than… piner and pinee? Until then, no drawings. Just… pathetic gawking.
“I ain’t gonna force you, Stevie,” Bucky said with another sigh. “But I think getting out will do you some good. I really am sorry ‘bout Pegs, I really am, but please. Just for a little while.”
. Quickly, he says, “But hey, if you want, I can show you my art studio sometime. I’m not exactly an
to embarrass himself in a smaller venue; less people means more familiarity. He can’t really hide his identity if he’s one of the few people who actually
“You alright?” Tony asks, voice surprisingly soft as he hands it over. “Because I saw you over there,” he nods to the vacant bench, “and you looked kind of… mad, I guess?” When all Steve does is stare because words are
When Steve glances back, he finds that Peter Parker has indeed joined the group without a second thought. He sits next to Tony, setting his backpack on the floor, and immediately jumps into the conversation. Parker’s an amateur scientist, too, it seems, judging by his enthused expression.
. With any luck, he’ll be left alone – at least for a little while; left to draw as many trees and bushes as he pleases.
him. He can feel it now already, his soul trying to leave its vessel. His stomach is certainly fluttering enough to send him soaring into the night sky. He wills
conduct drug deals in the corner booths. At least, however, there aren't any highlighter green cobwebs on the ceiling.
a Vegas thing, Sammy,” Clint says into his drink of choice. Vodka, of course. He seems the type to want to feel the buzz sooner rather than later. “Now c’mon, I need you and Rogers to be my wingmen.”
“So, you’re a professional artist, I see,” Tony says, motioning to the sketchpad. He’s long since abandoned his phone conversation; someone’s voice – a
“There.” Stark smiles brightly as he hands it back. “Now just text me and I’ll have your info and blah, blah, blah.”
Steve let out a long, hard breath, resting his face in his hands. The butterflies multiplied, ten-fold. Shit, shit,
They don’t need to do much: Sit a bit closer, hold hands, go to the movies together – simple stuff. No grand gestures. Much as he loves the guy, Bucky ain’t willing to do anything
; not with Tony’s insistence that she play witness to another one of his lame-ass experiments, or Peter whining about math class.
“I don’t think it’s anyone’s game, really,” Sam deadpans. “I don’t exactly see people signin’ up for tournaments ‘round here.” He’s already beginning to slur and they’ve only been here twenty minutes. Jesus. “Bet they do in Vegas though. Seems like a Vegas thing.”
match up – Bucky drums his fingers against the side of his head. His hair’s growing too long for its own good as he feels the ends tickling his exposed neck, but he can’t bring himself to care.
Wade doesn’t respond in jest; he only vaguely hums, though he probably has his headphones in, as always. He always seems to. Whether he’s listening to
can even check to see what the hell she’s talking about – their table of four becomes a table of five.
“You don’t seem much like, I dunno,” Steve shrugged, hoping his voice wasn't shaking too bad. Even if it were, he supposed he could blame it on the cold. “A small-scale kinda guy? Too cool for college parties.”
Spending the day alone is a strange, surreal experience. Walking the streets of Manhattan without Tony and Bruce’s scientific jargon clouding the silence. Or without Peter rambling about why
She still strolls over, however, leaving her things. Loki Odinson stands just out of frame, nonchalantly flipping through a magazine entitled
“My brother’s checked that out more times than I care to count,” Thor says, scratching his beard. “He didn’t handle the news well.” He smiles at her, though it doesn’t
?” he asks in a small voice, scuffing his heel against the floor; it leaves a noticeable streak on the shiny linoleum, though he doesn’t seem to notice.
“Off how?” Tony asks, still staring at Jen. She forces herself to look away, pretending to be invested in her homework. She picks up her pencil and feigns scribbling a note on the page, though only succeeds on writing her own name.
– it is true, Bucky will apologize. He’ll apologize ‘til he’s blue in the fucking face. It’s not like he can really
Tony shrugs a shoulder as JARVIS says, “essentially, yes. I was created to aid Mr. Stark with his experiments. No matter how… controversial they may seem.” When Tony shoots the ceiling a pointed glance, JARVIS adds, “speaking of which, sir, the fire extinguishers need replacing; they’re running out of foam.”
wants to eat his soup. His old spoon is lying somewhere on the disgusting tile floor, probably some thirty feet away. Or it may have landed in someone’s food, who knows.
“Then who –” Tony pauses to scratch his beard and then, very slowly, a dawning look of realization crosses his face. If they were in a better-lit room, she’s pretty sure she’d also watch the color drain. “Wait. James.
with Peggy. He wasn’t. Her reasoning was perfectly rational. She couldn’t stay in the states for long and they both knew it; her family needed her. Long-distance was hard to maintain, would
The sudden change in pace is almost literal whiplash, though Jen doesn’t let her smile falter. She maintains it as she slides a knuckle along the outside of her cup. “I’m glad, Nat,” she says.
. But he doesn’t. He gets up and he sighs, and he sends Sam the strongest glare he can possibly muster.
. The pot goes flying, landing some five feet away. It shatters on impact, splattering the undrunk coffee all over the nearest patrons. And Beth.
Bucky slides a hand down his face as finally lifts his head. This kid will be the death of him. The literal
in the grand scheme of things. But if anyone will have advice, any piece of helpful insight , it’ll be her.
be laughable if Jen hadn’t witnessed Tony once wield a welding machine like a pistol. It’s looked too natural to be a coincidence; the man must build a
“May thinks I should call Cat,” Peter says, just as a way to break the silence. Not that the street is
“Vaguely,” Steve said. He handed Tony his phone. “But do me a favor and type your address into Google maps.”
“Why the hell aren’t you in Pasadena with Rhodes?” Natasha asks, flicking her wrist at him. “You’re smart. You’re rich. You could've gotten in without even
‘Why Me?’ energy. He stares at Stark, wide-eyed for a good ten seconds before finally asking, “What for?”
She scratches her forearm; it’s a clear attempt to seem busy. “I overheard him on the phone. He mentioned an artist he’d met, and how he thought Steve’s drawing of
“You’re his own personal Superman. How romantic,” Sam says with another wide grin. He only laughs into his soda when Bucky flips him off.
took Steve up to his mansion for the weekend,” Bucky says, glancing back at Beth. She’s heading to the back, hopefully on the way to grab his good. “I’d say that’s progress.”
“Well, I mean, think about it –” Sam nods at Josie who slides him another shot. When he even had time to
He glances back at Clint and Kate. Clint’s definitely getting an earful by the looks of things. When he mentions this to Natasha, she laughs; it’s a short, almost mirthless chuckle, but it’s something.
can do outside of provide sarcastic commentary. At least not to Peter’s knowledge. If Tony winds up somehow implementing JARVIS's voice into that flight suit thing he’s building, no one would be surprised.
work,” he says, swirling his straw again; his soda’s completely gone, leaving nothing more than a layer of half-melted ice cubes.
When he turns back to check on the others, he finds Clint leaning on the pool stick as he watches Kate set up her shot. Sam’s leaning his hip on the table itself, watching their every move.
He really shouldn’t, considering the Starks’ reputation. They’ve always been famously wealthy; Howard and Maria were two of the top-rated business people in New York. It shouldn’t be a shock that Tony’s on his way to join them.
“I am.” Peter holds out his hand and Gwen takes it. They’re both a little wobbly on their feet as they make their way to the rink.
to help him up. So, Steve just solemnly nods and scratches the back of his neck. “Unfortunately, yeah.”
Steve stares expectantly. Speaking isn’t a viable option right now, not with how pathetically fast his heart is beating. It’s almost painful. His legs are also trembling, though that
A tall, metal door with a keypad lies at the end. Tony types a code and the light above the door flickers green.
supply of fire retardant and they need someone to call emergency services. Even though all they’ve been doing is staring at a piece of paper and
start it, but for very good reason. Brock Rumlow was a total prick, picking on girls literally half his size.
“Sounds fake, but okay.” Bucky ran a hand through his hair. “It’s okay though. I need a shower anyway. I feel gross.” He, of course, didn’t mention that he’d spent most of the morning in the shower because the falling water made it more difficult to tell that he’d been crying. His eyes were probably still red and puffy and they stung like hell and his hair was still damp, but luckily, Steve didn’t mention it.
name though.” He sounded exhausted, like the short walk outside had drained him of his life-force. His face was still flushed pink, though it was hard to tell if it was because of the alcohol or the chilled air.
Beyond the tacky pumpkins – and there are more superhero-themed ones, like Wonder Woman, Green Lantern, Aquaman, among others – fake cobwebs adorn just about every nook and cranny available; half of them are spray painted an obnoxious highlighter green, realism be damned.
But he’s not brave enough to try and approach Tony again. The last time was a fluke, a stupid fluke perpetuated by a
too harshly. Other, more palpable sources of sound – like chirping birds outside their window, and falling footsteps outside their door – help, but not nearly enough. “I kinda just – I listen to a bit of everything, I guess? Like, did you have anything in mind?”
sort of science – whether it be chemistry or engineering or whatever – is boring. It’s important, sure, that doesn’t make it
Tony only smirks. “JARVIS,” he says, leaning his hip against one of the desks. A tiny crane sits in the center. “Please explain to my friend here what you are.”
Steve stared at his painting long and hard. That day, they were asked to create a small painting outlining the happenings at night, and now Steve was staring at his painting as if it held the answer to life. He hadn’t realized what it is he had been painting not until he was halfway done. It was like the old days, painting without stressing himself over an idea, painting as if it was as easy as breathing.
It didn’t register at first, having been more distracted with the fact that had Tony stood in front of him almost naked—and what great timing it was because Steve was,
He had just concluded that he was actually living with weird people when an unfamiliar man walked down the stairs. He was rubbing one of his eyes, yawning, wearing nothing but a pair of boxers and a very tight tank top. Both of his ears were sporting some small purple device, but his hair kept getting in the way before Bruce could make out what it was.
The brunette clambered on his feet, leaving Steve on the ground who was still registering what just happened. He didn’t bother reaching out his hand to help him up, which was fine, no really, it was fine, but it was still rude. Steve tried to ignore the glances that were given to the both of them from the passing students and helped the brunette with his stuff. The guy might be rude, but Steve isn’t.
face must betray something, however – disappointment, confusion? Who knows? – because the next thing he knows, Wade
Steve winces, though he expects this. He can’t expect his ex to stay single forever. He writes back,
“I think a nice, long walk through the snow would’ve done me some good. Would’ve cleared my head anyway.”
wearing a proper jacket, though it does little to save his hair; it’s sticking up at odd angles, only making him seem even
She immediately stiffens, smile sliding away. “I already told you that I don’t want to talk to him.”
So, he pulled to the front of a house he thought resembled the one he had seen so many times on the school website. The entire front was adorned with multi-colored Christmas lights, which seemed a bit out-of-character; Tony Stark hardly seemed the decorating type, but then again, Steve really didn’t
“Just a little incident,” Bruce eventually says, absently tugging on the front of his sweater. It's a muted purple, the same color as his favorite button-down. Even in the dim light, it’s not hard to see his blush; it works its way up to his ears. “I embarrassed the hell outta Jen. And myself.”
and say, ‘hey, I’ve had this ridiculous crush on you for like a year. You wanna go out for ice cream?’
Clint and Kate continue practicing their respective parts as Robin Hood and Princess Merida, only speaking in brief sentences. Or grunts. Though the grunts are mostly from Clint’s end. Bucky doesn’t bother tearing his eyes away from his phone until he hears Clint say something that
“That’s – that’s not exactly –” Peter scratches the top of his head as he trails off. This gesture probably seems futile at
“That’s not important though,” Peter says, glancing at the papers again. Tony’s really gone all out with these plans; he has a separate schematic for each bit of his suit. “Who cares what everyone else thinks?”
witnesses. Hell, Steve’s probably a viral video by now either by way of cell phone or security camera; they’ll have to consult the internet later. “The punk ain’t subtle.”
; at worst, he probably just looks like he needs something to do with his hands. The way Tony’s looking at him – all frowns and furrowed brows, brewing a concoction of ‘suuuure’ and ‘what the hell is wrong with you’ – makes him itch.
a river in Africa. How cliché. He faintly smiles. “Uh, no. Thanks though. I – I think I’ll – I’m gonna take a nap before chem.” God knows he needs it.
“Well, I appreciate you waiting with me,” Tony continued, thankfully oblivious to… everything, “I know you wanted to get home, so thanks for not making me freeze.” He smiled serenely, staring straight ahead. The windshield fogged up again, so he wasn’t staring at much; but he seemed pleased, regardless.
“So, what exactly is the big news?” Tony asks, draping an arm over the back of the seat. He still hasn’t taken off his aviators.
Steve’s heart will eventually stop beating. It will eventually cease proper function and he'll die. Whether it’s in sixty years or right here, right now however? Hard to say. He forces his voice to stay even when he says, “Sure. When would we…?”
so trying to find it is a lost cause. He pauses in the hallway, ignoring the looks other students keep shooting him. He has
. The café was their sanctuary, a place to escape the realities of university life, but since the Pot Incident (as Jen’s so uncreatively named it), it’s a no-go. Bruce still looks like he wants to crawl into the nearest hole and bury himself alive every time Jen even mentions
,” he solemnly declares, puffing out his chest. It doesn’t do much except make Jen smirk.  He hears the unspoken comment about how he looks about as threatening as a newborn kitten. If Ned or MJ (god,
“Neena suggested a 90s station,” Wade continues, sounding completely normal. Not shaky (like Peter), not utterly
“Sorry if I scared you, sleepy head,” Wade says with a mirthful laugh, holding out a hand. Peter takes it gratefully and sits back on the bed. “An 8 A.M.
of typing makes Jen gaze over at him again; it’s too quiet in here most of the time anyway, except for DUM-E’s occasional hum and Tony’s occasional mutterings about bad readings and such.
.” Digging his own grave isn’t quite the term relating to this conversation, but judging by the blank expression on Steve's face, he may as well be.
Jen slides a hand down her face, ignoring the way it probably messes with her makeup. Unimportant. “Tones, you
Peter reluctantly twists his head, so his face isn’t smashed into the pillow. Because though he’d like to jump on the Sleeptime Express pronto – at least before his chem class at noon – breathing is still a thing. Breathing is sorta the thing keeping him alive. And shit.
to know though; it’s obvious from the way his eyebrows raise; he even takes off the sunglasses, spinning them by the hinge.
Jen turns to find her cousin calmly snoozing on the table, his arms splayed out and glasses askew. “At least he’s sleeping,” she mutters, shaking her head. It’s not exactly the
doubts anyone’s cared enough to eavesdrop since most people are too busy with their studies to give half-a-shit. The Odinsons aren’t even paying mind; Thor’s still flipping through a magazine while Loki’s leant over a large book, hands tangled in his long, dark hair.
It takes Peter far too long to realize that Wade sounds a lot closer than before. Like, really, really close. Lazily, he peeks open one eye to find Wade laying right next to him, their faces only inches apart.
“In class, my ass,” he mutters. Still, he pockets his phone and glances up again. Tony still hasn’t left, though he’s now pacing beneath the trees. “You can do this, Steve. You can definitely do this.”
been avoiding him lately, so he half-expects the guy to leave without even so much as a parting word. So much for not making things
“That you’re attracted to men?” May raises her eyebrows. “Oh, please. I saw you drooling over Harry when you were in high school. And I’m pretty sure you had a thing for Ned at one point, too.”
“No way!” Peter shakes his head. The Red Flag warning signs in his head buzz. Cat is a sore subject, and not just with
Tony paused for a moment, tilting his head. “Y’know, I hadn’t even considered that one.” He ran a hand through his hair, further mussing up the already messy front. He was a brunette, much like Peggy, and Steve had to admit that he was a good-looking guy, there was no denying
“He was still a brunette when Steve slept with him,” Sam says. He shakes his head. “Weird dude. Steve told me he set shit on fire just to watch it burn. Like, what the fuck. He’s gonna wind up in the slammer someday.”
“He’s right though,” she says afterward, absently rubbing her arms; the cold seems to be finally settling in. “Tony’s been avoiding me, too. Probably just out of loyalty to Bruce or some bullshit.”
Peter takes it gratefully, shoving it in his mouth all at once. Snickerdoodle. Good choice. He doesn’t even really
Becca is silent for a moment. She sits back down, though continues staring at him. If he had to wager a guess, he’d guess that her forefront thought is calling him a stupid motherfucker. Which he doesn’t even
Bucky dead-drops his face into his hands. He wants to laugh. He really, really does, but Steve already looks so pathetic. Bucky more pities him than anything.
Tony shakes his head. He also has a catalogue of deep crevasses under his eyes, but his wide-eyed, almost wild expression betrays nothing. He probably hasn’t slept in
“I mean, who’s counting?” he grits out, forcing a smile. It’s almost painful. “Everyday with Stevie is an adventure. I don’t count the days; I count the… times? The
, but he won’t pretend to always know what the guy is thinking.  So, when he sees Bucky just so blatantly
just take one of the guest suites then?” The thought of sleeping in Tony’s bed is going to literally
She half-expects Loki to come rocking up in a fake-mustache and trench coat. It wouldn’t exactly be very fashion forward of Thor’s little brother, though the guy has a knack for dressing like a witch.
Bucky’s his best friend. His partner-in-crime. His right-hand man. Someone who will always be there for him, no matter what. He
Reed Richards will try joining on rare occasion, though he never gets far; he’s usually kicked out within moments, leaving with his head held high as Stark and Banner follow him with mindful gazes of pure disdain. And honestly, Bucky doesn’t really blame them because Reed Richards is an egotistical asshat.
look like a couple. But they’re not, and Bucky’s been pretty content on the notion that they were never
than me.” Steve lets out a long, booming laugh as he slides down in his seat. This really doesn’t do his bladder much good
“I guess if you’re too focused on your non-existent love life,” Tony clearly mutters, poking the softened soil with the tip of his shoe.
affection, though affection nonetheless. But Steve isn’t stupid enough to actually believe that Bucky’s disdain for Tony comes from a place of
“I’m serious, Steve,” Bucky barrels straight on through, tucking some hair behind his ear. He averts his eyes as he speaks, his cheeks flushed. It’s more funny than cute, though Steve would be hard-pressed to not find it strangely endearing. “I told you that I’d help you, and as much as I hate to admit it because it’s
“It was her idea, actually.” Steve chuckled, eyes on the carpet. He kept shuffling his foot along a giant, red stain. If it were literally
– this whole thing could be mutual, after all. “Of course,” he says, brushing Peter’s hair off his forehead, “anything for you.”
“But yeah, I’ll talk to her about it,” Clint says, sticking out his hand again. It feels too stiff, too professional, like they’re setting up an all-important business meeting with the President. At least until Bucky reaches out to shake it, and Clint draws back, ghosting his hand over the top of his head. “Too slow.” He fist-bumps Sam and then leaves.
“It’s –” Jen glances at Bruce sitting at her side. He deflates his shoulders relaxing, and his face is back to its neutral state, no furrowed brows to be seen. Which is good. This is
Not that he talks about Felicia Hardy on a regular basis. Cat would throw a goddamn party if he did and she found
drop-off. He folded his arms as he watched Tony’s face go from relieved to ‘oh shit’ in a millisecond. “You don’t have your phone either, do you?”
“What exactly do you consider lackluster?” Steve asked, sitting up. He really was going to doze off if he didn’t do something. “Your life seems just fine and dandy to me.”
be diving into, not today. He points at some random pastry in the case and asks for a caramel macchiato. Gwen gets them a lot, so hopefully they’re good?
Tony stares, probably wondering if it’s even worth it to comment on the levels of sarcasm that must radiate from Peter’s very
As if a signal is sent through time itself, Bucky’s phone goes off. When he checks it, his only message is a single one from Steve, himself.
A pebble skids along the sidewalk, racing under feet, and smacking into the wheel of a bright green sports car; it looks like something Tony will inevitably buy during his Woe is Me, I’m Thirty Crisis in a couple years.
“Can I ask you something?” Peter blurts out, leaning his hip against the table. DUM-E turns to him, flexing its crane. A tiny fire extinguisher sits on the floor, ready and willing just in case anything goes awry. Tony isn’t even
does,” Sam says calmly, shrugging again. Or at least as best he can. It’s a tight squeeze, and while the ride isn’t exactly
Natasha smiles up at him; it’s the most genuine expression he’s seen on her thus far, reaching the outer edges of her eyes. “You’re a good friend, James.”
Tony wipes his nose with his sleeve. “I’ll have to bring you down to the lab sometime. Despite what Pete may say, it’s
Wade’s expression softens. He offers a gentle smile, the kind that makes Peter think that maybe – just
“I mean, people seem to always assume that we’re dating anyway.” Bucky rolls his eyes, grinning a bit. “I don’t think we’ve ever given off that vibe, but whatever.”
“Nice – nice to meet you, Steve.” Tony went back to resting his cheek against the window, letting out a long yawn. “Sp’ose you know where I live, too?”
Peter only nods. His heart races, pulsating in his chest like he’s running a triathlon, but being knowing that he can get
“You want a ride?” Bucky took his car key out, jingling it in Steve’s face. “This is only my second one. I don’t feel anythin’.”
seem relieved, even if he’ll never admit it. He cares. “Stark would be an awful significant other anyway. I feel for his ex-girlfriends.”
to test as of late, but my brain’s telling me to shut the fuck up about anything vaguely scientific because if I try to think of anything too complicated, I’ll wind up with a goddamn migraine.”
like she’s been poisoned by the Joker anymore, but the smugness in her statement hangs heavy in the already stale air. Because Bucky can just
“I’ll never understand it either,” JARVIS says with a sigh. He’s far too human for his own good. “I’ll never understand that man and he
There is no right answer. Bucky can only sigh and turn to another piece. It’s of their former cat; she was a fluffy white thing best suited for a spy flick. Steve rarely paints anymore, but once upon a time, he dreamt of being a professional painter. Dreamt of showcasing his works in museums around the globe. That is until he got rejected from his dream school.
“You’re drawing up a schematic for a flight suit,” JARVIS says. It’s easy to picture a posh British man looking down at them through half-moon specs. “No one would be surprised if you added laser beams.”
Tony glares at the ceiling. He then motions for Peter to draw closer to the desk, pointing at the arm. “And this, Pete,” he says with a smile, “is my friend, DUM-E.”
certainly isn’t going to do anything about it. At least not before the next millennium. The main reason he scored a date with Peggy Carter was because
“First off,” she says with a deep frown, stepping across the room to sit with him, “I am sorry about your head.”
“Maybe we should play darts instead,” Clint says when Kate misses her shot again. The white ball barely moves. He shrugs when she shoots him a glare.
Bucky’s not sure what exactly his face is doing right now, but judging by the flicker of uncertainty in Stark’s eyes, he’s sure it isn’t anything
“I just meant shopping, in general. Sometimes I just want to buy things.”  Natasha looks him up and down, furrowing her brow again. “It’s not
Beth is by their side in an instant, a full pot of coffee in hand; steam rises out of the spout. “No homework today?” she says with a bright smile. She doesn’t even bother pouring a cup; she just sets the entire pot in the center of the table.
If Bucky were here – and Steve isn’t quite sure if he knows where his ‘boyfriend’ even is, probably hanging out with Sam or something – he’d be chastising Steve’s fashion choices. Even though Bucky hardly ever dresses appropriately himself, but that’s neither here nor there. A sweater isn’t enough right now, but Steve isn’t willing to walk all the way back to his dorm to grab anything heavier.
“It’s almost November,” Nat says, nodding at the open window. Outside the trees are a catacomb of oranges and reds, the leaves littering the already crowded streets and sidewalks.
as bad from what he can tell, but he’s not looking to buy anything today anyway. He glances at Walters, who seems determined to drink her coffee as slowly as possible, her eyes focused on the dirt-stained carpet.
Walters nods at the slacks callously draped over the already-messy clothing rack. “You needed new pants.”
seems entirely… sure of it. I’m not certain if he’s just being paranoid, or if, well. You’d know better than anyone, I suppose.”
Natasha stands before him, a large gym bag over her shoulder. She’s still wearing the pink leotard, but has a large hoodie thrown over the top. He’s pretty sure it’s
To his credit, Peter doesn’t seem half as interested in this conversation as he does his phone. His attention is mostly on the screen, though he does add, “History is hard, man.”
Something in Steve’s expression made Bucky think that he wanted to say something more. Because Steve’s eyes lit up when he finally looked away from his lap. He may have even started to speak, but Bucky never found out because the office door swung open.
got hurt though.” Steve winced as he changed hands. He had a sizeable shiner already, just under his right eye. “I know you’re just tryin’ to help, but –”
Bucky can’t help but smile. Just a bit. “Stevie can do whatever he wants as long as he’s happy. I’m just lookin’ out for the kid.” It’s a common thread in their friendship, something Bucky’s been doing their entire lives – and probably will
Most days, she brings her phone and a pair of cheap headphones, anyway. They help drown out any and all excess noise. However, she’s relatively sure that Kate decided to borrow said headphones today, so she’s
to do the hard stuff. He isn’t going to go overboard; Bucky’s a decent actor when he needs to be, but only to a certain extent.
Bucky’s expression, whatever it is – and he hopes he doesn’t seem too baffled or anything, but he probably
won’t leave a mark, but he can adjust his hair to cover it, he supposes. Somewhere in his mind’s eye, he sees Sam howling with laughter and vows not to mention this little incident over dinner. Sam’s always been their biggest supporter, no matter how many times Bucky’s reassessed that he and Steve are never going to
bed while I took refuge in a guest suite since my bed is the most comfortable.” He sends Steve a crooked grin which looks so unfairly
“No. It’s my own fault though.” Tony rubs his eyes with the heels of his hands. “Should’ve left sooner. Bruce is a big boy. He can handle things.”
had a class together at one point or another, but who really knows at this point? Most of Bucky’s knowledge of the guy is from Steve’s constant prattling about how amazing he supposedly is.
just what he needs right now: A lapful of tomato soup. A bit splashes on the table; he wipes it up with his napkin. “You need to give me a chance to
“Then don’t sneak up on me,” she snaps. The library is still too vacant for its own good with only Bruce and Thor to keep them company. At least in this general vicinity. Somewhere in the distance, she’s sure she hears her roommate, Kate, but Bishop’s in the room so seldomly that Jen hardly remembers what her voice even
When Bucky finally feels brave enough to uncover, Steve's already handed over his phone. Probably after making sure that Stark doesn’t see any texts relating to the punk’s ridiculous crush. Not that Stark
glance over, eyebrows furrowed, though Thor seems none-the-wiser; he takes the opportunity to openly stare at Bruce, a lovelorn look on his handsome face.
Natasha’s smile fades, her expression returning to its naturally neutral state. It always makes her look angry; Bucky can relate. “I’ve been worse.”
have you guys been together?” Natasha, the cunning, little minx continues, her grin softening. Just a tad. She doesn’t look
that guy’s name?” Becca asks again. She stares at the broken light fixture hanging above their heads. It keeps blinking and Bucky somewhat hopes it helps hide the blush spreading along his face.
“Bruce wouldn’t’ve gone for that,” Clint says, setting up the table again. “I mean, he and Nat broke up weeks ago, but I guarantee he still wouldn’t be happy with Tony inviting his
“When did this become My Depressing Backstory in Thirty Seconds?” Stark says with a short laugh; it’s obviously forced and Bucky winces. “I came here to ask you if you wanted to use my mansion to throw a party, not play twenty questions.”
“Some people be under the impression that you two are… together.” Jen winces, waiting for the inevitable backlash. Silence falls as the words hang in the balance.
only because he wanted help picking out a new pair of slacks, and she was already out and about anyway.
Bucky shrugs. “Prob'bly.” It’s not like he has the kid’s schedule memorized. Steve might be in class, or he might be out filling more of his sketchbook. Most likely in the courtyard. He's going to need a new one soon, from what Bucky can tell. Steve’s insatiable desire for inspiration
A strangely contemplative look spread along Tony’s face; like he’d forgotten what he was saying in the middle of his sentence. Still, he persisted, “I spy… um… something that begins with the letter H.”
almost worried that word will get back. Not that Tony Stark has literally bugged every inch of the campus floor – he probably has better things to do with his time than scour tape after tape to see if anyone’s mentioned him by
Like a goddamn hyena, throwing her head back and everything. Her face flushes scarlet, mascara staining her cheeks.
. You were so goddamn in love with him. It was hard to watch. He loved you in his own way, sure, but…”
because if Peter had to see the girl his roommate is obviously in love with on top of everything else, he’d have a fucking mental breakdown.
why Tony keeps lightly smacking Bruce’s shoulder every time it looks like he’s about to fall asleep standing up; because he’s
He rhythmically taps his fingers on the table, his other hand loosely clasped around the mostly empty cup. It’s mostly melted ice and whipped cream now, but he still takes a sip.
: Nate Summers, Vanessa, Thor (of course) – hell, even Carol Danvers (which went over about as well as
technically true. Since starting school, he’s only really hung out with Tony, Bruce and Jen. Partly out of pure convenience though, since they all attend the same school, not because he doesn’t
– and she’s hardly said a word. She’s gone between being on her phone and staring at him. Her expression is undefinable and it’s hard to say if that’s a good or bad thing.
taken Bucky’s attitude as jealousy and just sorta… ran with it. Wishful Thinking is a funny thing. Because yeah, at one point he had a ridiculous crush on his best friend. A pathetic infatuation that only seemed to (mostly) vanish when he realized that Bucky had a thing for
Before he has a chance to respond, she sets the phone on silent and pockets it. A lesser problem for a later day. The other day, he messaged her
“Thor doesn’t tell me much,” Loki says, setting the magazine back. He doesn’t grab another. He only leans against the shelf and folds his arms. “I didn’t even know he and Jane had broken up until I idly mentioned her absence and he literally
a no-go though. She needs to talk to him about the whole 'Everyone thinks that he and Tony are secret fuck buddies' without Loki - or anyone else for that matter - slinking around and making things even
Aimless treading down the halls leads him back to his dorm anyway, though; old habits die hard, it seems. He fully intends to turn around, march over to the library and pray to whatever God there may be that Jen won’t mind him crashing another study session. Because there’s already a too familiar, nervous twittering in his chest. It only serves to remind him that he can only hinge on denial for so long.
“And here you go.” The waitress – a pretty blonde named Beth – sets the pot down near the edge, far from the dozens of papers Jennifer has strewn over the already tiny table. “Anything else for you guys?” she asks with a thousand-watt smile.
Bruce tilted his head in shock. “WHAT?” He questioned with a tinge of anger, and I began to walk away, desperately wanting to escape the questioning from him. But I knew I couldn’t.
And that’s when the thought occurred to me; maybe it wouldn’t be so bad if I took his shield with me.
“Tony, you lost another super bot?” I immediately defended myself in an effort to get Bruce to not get onto me about it. “I didn’t lose him. He’s more than that. He’s evolving.” I spat, my head turning to look at Banner before I shifted myself back to walking away.
“God, we haven’t caught up in a spell, have we?” I was becoming impatient, not wanting to rest on the topic.
“Who could find him then?” I heard the wizard speaking the question I was dreading to hear right when I opened my damn mouth about Vision. I kept walking until I stopped, finally sighing to myself. God, here we go again, I realized. “Shit,” I muttered, throwing my head down. There was no going around him, was there?
“Tony, what's going on?” Steve pushed, and I could hear how his voice became louder. I scratched my head, sighing as I paced. Even after all this time, he was still asking me if I was okay. After everything we’d been through. And it was apparent to me that I wasn’t the only one struggling. “What’s going on is…” I paused, thinking of the correct words. All the anger and the resentment and the urge to tell Rogers how I felt about us splitting went away. I silently glanced over to Strange, and then to his stone before my eyes fell to the floor. “What’s going on is that you and I need to be on the same side.” My lips flattened as I let my hand rub my forehead.
The only idea swirling my mind was: find another way. I sighed lightly, feeling the tense energy in the room.
There was silence from the other end, and I exhaled a shaky breath. Was he going to end the call? My thoughts swirled inside my head, telling me to hang up and never call back, but I was interrupted once more. “Tony? Are you okay?” Steve replied gruffly on the other end, and I closed my eyes, his words hitting a sour place in my heart that had already been damaged by him. I shook my head, recollecting my thoughts. “Myself? That's questionable. But, the world? Definitely not.” I muttered, my free hand digging into my pants. I almost couldn’t believe I was talking to him again, but now, I needed him.
“Probably Steve Rogers.” I answered, my eyes staring to the ceiling for a few moments,  regretting that I even mention him again.
“The world’s in danger, and you’re the only person who knows where Vision is. I hate to say it, but I need you, Rogers. I need your help.” I explained, but the overwhelming sensation that overtook me was nothing more than fearful. The world was in danger, and half of me wanted to deal with it on my own terms. Find Vision on my own. Not have to deal with Rogers. But, it wasn’t right. The world was in danger. And that meant Steve and I needed to work together again. Thanos was coming; the nightmare plaguing my thoughts for years. The rush of adrenaline every night I woke up next to Pepper, sweat beads dripping down my forehead. The same imminent terror running circles through my day to day life. And now, here he was. The most powerful creature any of us had to ever take on. And without the Avengers, who was going to avenge? I needed Rogers, as much as I hated that concept. I needed him now, because, without him, I wouldn’t be able to fight alone.
I could hear Rogers speaking again, and from static in the background, it sounded as if he was on some type of vehicle. I blinked once and took in a sharp inhale, seeing Bruce’s pleading nod. My eyes stared forward, my hand gripping the phone.
“Flip phone,” I muttered, the technology worse than I’d ever been accustomed to before. The small buttons were a pain in the ass to click as I scrolled through the options until I finally reached the contacts. I scoffed at the sight; funny enough, it was only Rogers who was listed as a caller. Time stood still as I stared down at the phone, my thumb hovering over the enter button. Was I really going to do this? I hesitated, my breath choppy before I finally decided that I needed to stop being a loser and man up. I clicked the call button.
I raised the phone to my ear, listening to the squeaking ring that practically killed my eardrums. The silence in the room was killing me, and a few seconds had passed without an answer. My eyes began to wander around the room, glancing at Bruce for a moment, who was awaiting Steve to answer me on the other end. My other hand involuntarily rubbed at my pants, anxiety and some past frustration filling me. Still, no answer after another few seconds which felt like long minutes had passed, and I concluded my attempt, beginning to move the phone away from my ear. But then, I heard something. The ringing had stopped, and there was a voice at the other end. I didn’t hear the first time, but I snapped the phone back to my ear when it came through again.
I peered off to the side, coming to the conclusion that our past was probably best to stay in the past. Bruce was right. The world was at stake, and the big purple giant was going to steal Vision’s stone if we didn’t get to it first. That’s when I turned my gaze to Bruce, and then to the two wizards before walking off to the corner of Strange’s sanctum. I let out one last breath before reaching into my back pocket of my jacket to pull out a flip phone. The one Steve mailed me in a stupid letter that I happened to read. I kept it for a while, and sometimes I didn’t know why. The dingy thing was small as I held it in my hands, and I popped open the top half, the screen lighting up to greet me.
Nat glances up from her phone, eyebrows raised. “I like coffee,” she says. “Plus, Tony keeps messaging me about his stupid party.”
“This reminds me of that really old movie, uh, Terminator? I think?” Peter glances at Bruce, half-expecting him to make some quip about age.
“He didn’t deserve you,” Steve said so quietly Bucky almost thought he’d imagined it. He folded his arms, finally looking up. Something completely indistinguishable flickered along his face, but Bucky didn’t have the energy to ask.
his ass. The cold seeps in through his clothes; his cotton shirt and jeans are not enough. But he laughs. He laughs long and hard.
– sounds like a whimper. He’s almost twenty for God's sake. Too old for this… hormonal, teenage shit. He makes absolutely no attempt to move away, however, even as his stomach floods with heat and butterflies. The butterflies are going to catch on fire at this rate.
because Steve’s improved over the years. He’s gone from a childish, sort of cartoonish style with his art, to much more realistic, perfectly proportionate pieces that Bucky honestly thinks better showcases his talent.
“Steve,” Bucky rolled his eyes, adjusting the cloth; the blood wasn’t as free flowing at least, but his face still hurt like hell. “Rumlow’s like twice your size. I can’t just stand by and watch you get hurt –”
out, but it’s still chilly; all the trees are barren, the streets decorated red, yellow and orange. He ignores her little scoff of discontentment.
“So, you’re –” Bucky pauses. He must have heard wrong because there’s no way. He scrubs a hand down his face. “You’re telling me that out of
when Wade sits next to him, though he is grateful that Wade doesn’t question the bag of melted ice. The giant bump on the back of his head is
because anyone who doesn’t know Steve might assume him some blushing virgin who calls others out on spewing profanities, and he’s anything
keeping Bruce here against his will. She stands and strides over to their table, trying to catch just one, simple glimpse of the schematic. However, Tony snatches it up and hides it back behind his back.
He doesn’t protest. He just drops the napkins at Beth’s feet, muttering another apology. All eyes follow them. When they open the door. When they’re outside, dripping wet in a matter of moments.
that Jen’s ever heard in her entire life. She smiles into her coffee. “It’s okay if you’re seeing someone. You can tell me. I won’t tell Bru –”
Natasha buries her face into Bucky’s shoulder while Bucky hides his face in his hands. Secondhand Embarrassment is a
“Not exactly.” Tony drums his fingers on the steering wheel, though they’re not even listening to music. He glances out the window and makes a flippant comment about the starting rain; the gathering puddles reflect the brake lights too harshly, making Steve squint. It's not quite dark out yet, but it's not exactly sunny either; it's overcast, the grey clouds providing the only daylight.
Steve dipped his brush into another color, though Bucky couldn’t tell which. He supposed blue would be a nice guess, since Steve kept asking him to open his eyes wider.  “I’m fixin’ to get into a good college next year and I’m gonna need a portfolio.”
Tony nodded. He was still conscious enough to answer questions, good. “I was – I was act’ly lookin’ for my car keys.” His words were slurred, hardly comprehensible. “I jus’ wanna go home an’ I can’ seem ta – seem ta find ‘em.”
be, considering his height. “Or you just gonna sit there?” He leans on the counter, his bearded chin in hand, eyes narrow.
“Shall we show your friend the schematic, sir?” JARVIS asks, and yeah, he definitely sounds amused. If Peter weren’t so enthralled with having someone join him in the ‘bother Tony’ game, he’d be geeking out over the technology. “I know you and Mr. Banner were worried Miss Walters would find some sort of, shall we say… legality with it?”
“I wonder if he thinks Bucky’s gonna be mad,” Sam says thoughtfully, suddenly appearing back at Steve’s side. He toddles on his feet for a moment before finally sitting on the stool.
“Probably.” Bruce shrugs, his arms flopping uselessly to his sides. His lavender button-down is wrinkled near the bottom; he’s been wringing it again. Maybe now is
By the bad grace of the universe itself, Peter’s next math quiz just so happens to be the very next morning at the butt-crack of dawn. Fuck you, Professor Osborn.
Peter nods. “Will do.” He fails, of course, to mention that he and Wade don’t even have each other’s phone numbers. They’ve only known each other since August. The look on
Bruce is out, too. He’s shut himself in the lab, working on the suit thingy. JARVIS helps a lot, though there isn’t much he (or
. This meeting place is starting to feel too familiar; she may need to find a new study spot because
She’s never really struck him as the ballerina type, but then again, she doesn’t typically disclose much about her personal life. He only really knows that she’s like, twenty-five, and likes Disney movies.
“Okay, Mr. Mind Reader.” Tony stuck his tongue out. It was kind of cute, honestly, even coming from a twenty-something grown-man. “Your turn.”
Steve couldn’t even bring himself to glance over as he slapped the brush; crimson paint splattered the canvas and his face. He was never going to be the next Bob Ross, but maybe a nice Jason Pollack was in his future. “Easy for
Tony hums, eyes still on the paper. He makes a vague motion with his hand as he scribbles something in the margin.
Steve’s thankful that Clint and Kate are too busy arguing over darts to pay mind to anything else. He shifts in his seat again, quickly gulping down the shot of whiskey; it burns. Yes, he’s been nursing a really,
They fall silent as the car crawls along the interstate. It’s a nice, almost peaceful lull even as rain pounds the roof in droves. Steve rests his head against the window again, thankful when the cool air turns warm. He checks with his phone, ignoring the onslaught of texts from Bucky and Sam that basically amount to,
“Alright, a year then.” Tony glances at the paper again, though much of his attention is elsewhere. Namely on his phone. Nothing new. “But I gotta say, if you ever want to live your dream of being a chemist, you
When she loops her arm through his, it’s strangely calming. They haven’t hung out – just the two of them, at least – in months; usually Ned and MJ join the entourage, so the conversations are always four-way, not two.
talk to this Natasha chick,” Bucky says, rolling his eyes. He grabs his fork and stabs the slab of meat in the center of the plate. Steve thinks it might be meatloaf? It’s hard to tell; for a University, the food here is hardly better than what they had in middle school. “I just want you and Stark to live happily ever after or whatever, because your moping is making
Steve sighs. His friends are so unforgiving. “You’ve been talking to Sam, haven’t you?” This conversation already feels too familiar.
wants Steve. Which he doesn’t. In another, less twisted reality he might pine over him like a pathetic sonovabitch, because Steve
, he’s hanging out with someone. Kind of. His pulse races, but he texts back a quick ‘go ahead’ anyway and switches to a message waiting in the queue.
soul. It clashes with her pale skin and she covers her face with her hands. “No, no, that’s not – I didn’t mean it like
“I just thought I’d spend a little time with my favorite sister,” he says, stepping past her to escape the brisk morning air. It’s a clear day – the sun
me,” Steve insists, not meeting Bucky’s eyes. “I mean, he sorta stopped me from tripping over my shoelace –”
place to be; it’s still a decent school in its own right, just not quite as… elitist as the more technical school in Manhattan.
happened, but that sentence still feels so… off-kilter. He's doing it for Steve though; he’s doing it
Bruce digs his phone out of his pocket in an instant. He frowns at it. “Why didn’t he just text me or something? He has my number.”
too lifelike sometimes, even if they don't technically resemble humans; it seems almost... wrong, to kill them off so easily.
“Uh, sorry,” he blurts out, the word sounding hollow and meaningless even to his own ears. “Is there anything I can –”
. Thor is a great guy. Absolutely fantastic. But Jen isn’t about to sit around and wait for another Nat Situation to arise.
? – at least he’s finally gotten past the whole… running into a door thing. Now if only he could stop feeling like a silly, little schoolboy with a crush every time he and Tony
“Anyway, my point is,” Bucky waves a hand, his grin growing more pronounced, “I think Nat’s right. Jealousy is a good way to get Stark to notice you. A bit juvenile, sure, but I dunno – it might be fun.”
She jumps, knocking into the shelf and sending quite a few books – and herself, for that matter – tumbling to the ground. It’s loud in the quiet lull of the mid-afternoon; she winces, ducking before either of them sees a thing. Bruce
. I’ve just – I’ve been intrigued by –” She looks at the cover. Thankfully the book isn’t upside down because
ago – her golden locks hit the small of her back. But now the curled ends just barely touch the tip of her shoulder.
Usually being the New Kid – with a capital NK – is a chore. It’s the literal definition of Why the Hell is Everyone Staring at Me? Because of
He hesitates. Bucky’s right, of course. But it’s not like he can just march right up to someone like
you to help me, Pete,” he says, eyebrows raised. “If you’d rather start on our study session, I understand. I know pre-cal ain’t exactly the height of excitement or anything, but –”
about Vanessa; he’ll mention her in passing on occasion, but he never exactly goes off on tangents about how perfect she is or anything. Hell, until recently, Peter didn't even know that she
They pause at a crosswalk and Peter lightly kicks a pebble into the street. It bounces on the wet pavement, skidding along Fifth Avenue. He sighs when Gwen seems to absently loosen her grip on his arm. She doesn’t say a word until the light turns green.
her point; it’s a stupidly made point anyway, and if Bucky were a worse person, he’d argue his end a bit more. Just to rub it in her face.
“Just keep guessin’,” Steve said, waving a hand through the open air. He’d long since turned off the ignition; condensation had overtaken the windows and windshield. It was chilly, but still better than standing outside. “And before you ask, no, it’s not
“Just introduce yourself,” he says aloud, grabbing the sketchpad and tucking it under his arm. “Just say hi. That’s all you have to do. That’s
Bucky blinks. The world is still a bit blurry, his mind still hazy. It’s too early for this, never mind the fact that it’s nighttime. Taking a nap wasn’t
cold, despite not wearing a jacket. “I got here as soon as I could,” she says, her breathing a bit ragged, face a bit pink. “Hill’s been on my ass lately about missing practice.”
shove them to the back of his mind. He loved Peggy dearly and always would, but he’d be lying if he said that his
“I don’t know how you didn’t notice,” Sam says, shaking his head. He scribbles something in his notebook as he turns back to the giant history book taking up about three-fourths of his desk.
“No harm, no foul.” Stark grins at him, and Bucky’s pretty sure Steve’s heading to Cloud Nine. He sits up a little straighter at least.
He seems almost unwilling to get rid of it though. Like it’s secretly his pride and joy. (Not that he’ll ever
Becca groans, tugging at the ends of her braided pigtails. She seems much younger than her 20-something-years. (She’s, like, twenty-one now, he thinks?) “James, come
,” he said incredulously, like it was the most obvious thing in the world. “And, more importantly,” he added with a smug grin, “you’ll need me around anyway, ‘Mr. Pick On Guys Twice My Size’.”
Walters,” another voice says, and Steve finds he’s getting pretty tired of surprises, “I know he’s a lot to look at, but you don’t need to
Tony and Bruce glance over in such tandem that it almost looks rehearsed. Both pairs of eyebrows raise, like they’re surprised that they do,
He hadn’t admitted it to his little sister when she came home from work earlier that day, and he certainly wasn’t going to admit it to his best friend. Rebecca and Steve both had enough to worry about.
Wade’s out for a while, though he’s probably out with Vanessa and Peter’s trying not to think too hard about
"You pick the weirdest things to get mad about," Sam says, shaking his head. He finally takes a large bite out of his own food - a hefty helping of mashed potatoes. The university's cafeteria isn't exactly known for variety.
This wound up being a bit longer than anticipated, but I was having too much fun with it. I kinda just crammed two separate chapters together. Heh.
her, he doesn’t. Tony pauses in one of his many attempts to draw up a new schematic for… something. (She still isn’t allowed to see.) He slowly spins on his heels, wearing a look of too-curious curiosity. Hell, even DUM-E turns toward her.
of his friends or anything; no one here really caught his eye anyway, but the break-up was still fresh. It was difficult
Thankfully, Tony nodded. He seemed strangely unaware of the dirt and blood on his cheek, though did absently wipe it with the back of his hand. His other hand tightly held Steve’s arm as he leaned against him. “I know my own house, Steven.”
Peter almost chokes on his drink. He sputters, trying to ignore both the way everyone’s looking at him,
are standing some ten feet from the pair; Walters is holding an iced coffee, while Stark has a single pair of pants draped over his arm.
Pining is hard. Pining is one of the hardest things Steve’s ever dealt with. Pining after Peggy, pining after Bucky, pining after Tony. He could plant an entire forest at this rate.
He almost drops his phone, but thankfully catches it mid-air before it smacks his forehead. The first mark is just beginning to fade.
. Ultimately, Tony’s mouth stays clamped shut. He only shakes his head, turns back around, and opens the door.
The word ‘okay’ barely even sounds like a word anymore. Peter groans, draping an arm over his eyes as pain erupts from the back of his head down the length of his entire body. From ‘I want to live here’ and ‘I’m never coming here ever again,’ this restaurant is definitely on the lower end of the scale. Mostly because he’s come to realize that it’s actually
(Which explains his falling asleep in the library. Again. Thor seemed concerned as he packed up his stuff, but said nothing.)
“You want me to ask her?” Sam asks with a frown. “I’m not sure if you’re in the right mindset right now.”
Quite a number, however, are of people: Rebecca, Sarah, Peggy, Sam, the owner of the little café, and more than a few of Bucky himself. Steve’s gotten better over the years; his earlier pieces seemed more abstract, everything more cartoonish.
He scrolls further down the list. There’s always Jen, but she’s probably busy with homework. Plus, she wasn’t exactly
, of course.” Tony flicks a wrist at the open air. “And I’d understand if you do. I just figure if we’re planning a – party, you could come and scope the place out. Help me with the nitty-gritty deets.”
“I’m sorry, Bruce,” Peter says. He glances at the ceiling. JARVIS has nothing to add and neither does he.
Bucky huffs and runs a hand through his hair. He seriously needs a trim; it’s past his shoulders now. “Your point being…?”
Jennifer’s expression turns static and she flips around. “Tony, what the actual –” She rolls her eyes. The redness thankfully fades, though she seems unwilling to even offer Steve a passing glance. Because he’s an idiot who consistently reads the room wrong. “I need to work on something for once in my life. Um, excuse me.”
Jen mutters. A strong gust breezes by, blowing much of her hair straight into her mouth. She quickly spits it out, but the damage is done: Peter interrupts her before she's even able to say another word.
emotion. Except maybe confusion. He stares, his head slightly askew, squinting at either her or the cover. It’s hard to tell.
“I know,” Steve said as he started the car. The engine sputtered a bit, but started fairly easily, despite the cold. “I’d be hard-pressed not to find someone who doesn’t know who you are.”
anyway. He could probably take a nap, and no one would even notice. Half the people in here are already in their PJs, so the idea isn’t
Bucky can’t help but laugh. He ignores Becca’s curious stare and turns away when she attempts to grab his phone.
that part; the math bits freakin’ suck.” Peter frowns when Tony only shakes his head and grabs the stupid homework sheet again. He scribbles another note. Goddamnit.
Sam glances back at the waitress. Beth is taking someone else’s order down the line; she doesn’t pay mind. “Okay, but to be
“Damn, Steve,” Tony breathes, hand ghosting over the page. “This is incredible.” He glances up. “Friend of yours?”
me. There’s no coming back from that.” For the first time in the glow of the mid-afternoon sun – or what bit of it manages to peek through the clouds – she notices the redness staining the whites of his eyes. It’s only been a few weeks, but this fiasco has taken a
“Um, thanks.” Steve rubs his neck. There’s an obvious flush spreading along his face and for the first time, he curses the sun for being out. He can’t exactly shroud himself in shadows under the mid-afternoon sunshine, nearly-barren trees be damned.
“He’s just – I dunno…” Steve tilts his head, his eyes glazed as he stares into the distance. He smiles softly. “I know can be a total ass. Trust me, I
“Nice to meet you, man.” Clint folds his arms, leaning forward on his elbows. “So, what’s the sitch, Sammy? Said you needed help?”
Peter says sharply. And loudly, judging by the way Sunglasses jumps; half the cup sloshes out onto the floor and his nice, green apron and he groans. “Have you
find out,” Steve mutters, shielding his face. People keep staring, their eyes watching his every move. Do they have nothing
Steve doesn’t even pretend to know what they’re talking about. He just shifts in his seat, and pretends to be interested in his drink. He doesn’t even feel buzzed which is kind of a good thing, he supposes. The only people who have ever
A series of trees line the outer rim of the plaza, adorned with stringed lights like NYC is celebrating an early Christmas. And, of course, there are a bunch of tourists standing around, taking photos. It’s not exactly dark out, as the overcast skies provide
shaking, though Bruce doesn’t seem to notice. He seems much more invested in his phone, still gently tossing it between hands.
Steve shrugs, trying to ignore the stupid fluttery feeling laying waste in his stomach. It’s making his voice shake. “Amateur, more like,” he says, smiling sheepishly.
“You wanna come with me and Pegs?” Steve asked, shoving his hands in his pockets. “We’re gonna go see that new war flick.”
Steve scrambles to grab the device, face redder than the too-early Christmas décor adorning their local grocery store. “I was just about to wake you –”
anything; he’d only hummed in response and muttered something about flying to Spain or something. Dude’s loaded, so why Norman chooses to be a college professor of all things is
Stark waves the same hand at the air, fully exposing his grin. “Nothing. Unimportant.” He glances back at Bucky and Natasha, eyes widening ever so slightly as if just remembering that they’re still there. “Anyway, I’m sure you two have – plans, or whatever.”
wasn’t worth it. It wasn’t worth it. Soon he’d be back in the dorm, free to sketch to his heart’s desire. His sketchpad was a saving grace, after all. “Alright, alright. Calm down,” he said. “I was
you feel…” He fumbles with his hands for a moment, his eyes drawn to an area some five inches to Steve’s left. “Awkward, I guess, given, y’know…”
“I think she has the right idea,” Sam says with a shrug. “The fact that the dude even brought you up to begin with – that’s progress.” He takes a long drink out of his own soda, his eyes back on Beth; she nods to them. “Why
.” Wade pops his headphones back in, fidgeting with his phone for a moment. “Anyway, class awaits. Don’t wait up. Think I’m gonna grab some food with Nessa later though. You want anythin’?”
on your pizza. But it’s okay. At least I’m not bleeding.” He stands as she does; she still keeps a steady hand on his arm, gripping it like it’s her own lifeline. And it really might be.
Tony pushes a button on the controller clasped tightly in his hand. The jetpack shoots out a strong stream of blue flames, sending him soaring. Right into the ceiling. Luckily at Peter’s – and to a lesser extent, JARVIS’s – request, he’s wearing protection; it’s nothing more than a cheap, metal helmet and kneepads, but it’s at least
disclosed his sexuality to people outside of his close-knit circle. So really, only Bucky, Sam, and Natasha know
“James,” she says, taking another large bite of hash brown, because she eats breakfast like it’s going out of style, even at two in the afternoon. She has ketchup on her chin, but Bucky ain’t gonna wipe it off; she’ll just punch him again. “I swear to God…”
Or shame. Or both. Probably both. She quickly looks back at the pile of papers spread along the tiny table. Even though the words mean nothing at this point; her attempts are futile at
Steve doesn’t say anything for several seconds. He only continues staring across the way, eyes unfocused. If Bucky didn’t know Steve so well, he wouldn’t be able to tell where his eyes are drawn, but Steve's about as subtle as a fuckin' typhoon. Pining is pining.
“I would, but I need the elective credit,” Natasha says. She tugs at the hem of her T-shirt that reads,
“I got over it.” Tony’s voice sounds strained, like he’s forgotten how to speak. He rests his hands behind his head, relaxing back in his seat.
“But NYIT isn’t far,” Steve says, furrowing his brows. “You’d still be in New York, and not be… here.” He gestures to the room with a small nod. Not that this is the
Steve only laughs harder. He leans forward, hugging his stomach. “Oh, my god. I always wondered why you didn’t take me up on the double date invites.”
?” He flitters a hand at the air, drawing attention from the wait staff at the front. They begin walking toward the table until he shakes his head.
He’s in the quad again, sketching a random tree. It’s barren, so all he needs is a few pencil marks here and there. Branches aren’t hard to draw; leaves can be a little tricky, though. Because it’s easy to make them seem too cartoonish, with too many wayward lines split down the middle. There are already too many eraser bits dusting the paper.
“Couldn’t you just take a picture? I feel like I’m in the renaissance era; this is why phones exist.”
“What is my life?” Peter says to no one.  He rakes a hand through his hair. Relevance hurts, though the idea of anyone feeling the same way about
havin’ fun,” Steve said with a forced laugh. The entire room smelt like cheap beer and cigarettes, though no one was smoking. This didn’t do much for his already churning stomach.
“Calm yourself, Rogers,” Natasha pipes in, seemingly popping in from nowhere. She sits next to Bucky, resting her head on his shoulder. “We’ll think of something.”
Becca doesn’t say a word on the way to the station. She doesn’t say a word until they’re already on the subway, jampacked inside a group of teenagers who look like they’re on their way to comic con.
Together, Steve and Bucky tore their envelopes open. Steve scanned the page, looking for the magic words.
Steve looks over at Tony’s table; as usual, he’s sitting with Bruce Banner and Jennifer Walters, the three deep-in-conversation about… something. Probably something science-related, though from what he’s heard (or rather
He glances at the sketchpad sitting on Steve’s lap. The edges are a bit crinkled, but the drawings are still perfectly intact.
thing Bucky expects to see when he wakes up is Steve Rogers standing over him. He’s almost forgotten what Steve even
“I told Harry his dad’s a hack,” Peter grumbles, getting to his feet. Harry's response spoke volumes and he barely even
When their food comes, he only picks at it, slowly piling his fries in a corner of the paper basket.
He wasn’t mad. He really, really wasn’t. The last hour had honestly been the most fun he’d had in a long, long time. The fact that his stomach hadn’t let go of that stupid fluttery feeling was probably a problem, but loneliness did wonders. He was probably just missing Peggy. She and Tony
Antonius looked over his shoulder, the cute horns and dark eyes were bright under the glow of the candles that lit Stíofán’s room. He could hear the sounds of the others returning to their cells, and it pushed him to get on with it, lest any of them think of coming to take this gorgeous creature from him.
“Excellent.” Edwin took their plates away, waving away Steve’s offer of help. Steve looked back at Ana with a smile.
The finger moved with more certainty, pressing inside with gentle rocking motion. Tony could feel himself tense, despite his attempts at relaxing. The finger tilted upwards, and suddenly there was an odd feeling, a pressure that was..strange but not unpleasant. Sort of nice really. Tony felt his muscles relax with every brush, and soon he was feeling warm and loose.
He tapped a knuckle against his bag. He ought to walk to town, he supposed, and start making inquiries. He couldn’t stay here all day.
“Yesterday.” Tony wasn’t paying much attention to anything that wasn’t the fresh bread he was holding, but he saw Rhodey and Sam exchange a look he couldn’t decipher.
Rhodey slumped in relief. “Well ok then. Seems like what we have here is just a culture clash. Easy fix.”
“Yeah. He was an accidental pregnancy, and his biological mother was a fellow scientist I’d met at a conference. She didn’t want to be a parent, and she didn’t want to give up her career. But, I don’t know, I think I’d always wanted kids, though I didn’t know it until he was a real option, so we agreed. She’d have him, and I’d take over once the hard work was done. She and I still stay in touch and she likes getting updates about him. It works for us.” He sighed. “And we were fine until last year, but it was just me and him when we realised he was severely allergic to a certain breed of spider and it sent him into anaphylaxis. Took years of my life, I can tell you.”
“Steve, did you know that there are four hundred types of dogs. That’s so many. That’s as many as can fit in my room,” Peter said, shovelling food into his mouth like Tony never fed him.
And it’s not like that was unreasonable, but well. It wasn’t exactly Tony’s first rodeo when it came to people he trusted keeping secrets. Ty, when they’d dated at MIT, would often be away on “business trips” with his father, frequently going away at the last minute. Tony had been fooled for about six months before he’d realised that unless Ty’s dad was also a red-headed philosophy major, there wasn’t any business taking place. Well, not the suit-and-tie kind anyway.
“Alright. If you’re good, I’ll ask Ma if you can have some honey with your bread, how does that sound? Good?”
“I have not,” S’Teve interrupted, his hand clenching into a fist beneath the table. “I am Vulcan, we do not require--”
The rain soaked through his clothes in minutes, and not long after, visibility got bad. He could barely see the end of his broom, but he could see just a hint of lights and so steered towards it. He could feel Jarvis’ claws digging into his side as the cat shook from the damp.
“Ah -” Steve flushed, trying to reach for it, but Tony had already opened it to the first page - and slammed it shut again. Bucky hadn’t known Tony’s face could turn that color.
He was broad-shouldered, tall, with a thick, but neatly kept beard covering a strong jaw and a pretty pair of blue eyes. If he’d been back East, any of the omegas in Tony’s circle (and their Dames) would’ve been going mad to attract his attention. Tony felt a rush of heat to his cheeks. “You as well, Sheriff.”
His hand drifted up to touch without thought, and he snatched it back before Steve’s head popped free of his clothes.
Tony was so caught up in taking in the scenery that he didn’t realise when they’d turned down a path until it opened up, the trees falling away to reveal a cute little cottage with a wraparound porch and pretty green shutters. There was a fenced-off field and a small barn, with a grazing horse who perked up at their arrival.
“Yeah, maybe. Hey Stíofán, any chance you could let that sweet piece of fleece come by my cell tomo--” He choked, his air suddenly cut off by Stíofán's hand around his throat, his horns digging against the other satyr’s cheek.
“You want to photograph me with your Hydra-issued artistic skills?” Steve was aware his voice was getting a little shrill, but he couldn’t help it. “What the hell did they make you take pictures of?”
Steve must have noticed and snorted. “Don’t worry. We have it all planned out. My neighbour has a small patch of land he’s willing to sell to me when the time comes. Ma’ll have her own cottage.”
He was up before everyone else each morning, hitting the yard and running through the motions for a good hour or two before a full day of practice combat.
“Right,” Steve chuckled, looking unsure. His hands clenched on the back of the chair and Tony ached to touch him.
But that future was gone now. Peggy had lived her whole life without him, and he had to learn to move on.
was on track, he and Rhodey had a place to call their own and now he had the guy of his dreams using his shower, and they were going to get the best pancakes in town. Life was good.
Tony watched as Bucky escorted a limping Steve out the door. “Since your crew is out for the count, want to join my buddy Rhodey and me?” He pointed over to the table Rhodey was sitting at, and he gave them a little salute with his empty glass. “I feel like he’d love hearing about your other nights out.”
His mother was known for her magic chemistry, and the whole village appreciated her apothecary. But Tony… well Tony was different. He had no real talent at potions, fortune-telling or communicating with loved ones who had passed on. Instead, he worked with machines.
Because he had to look a mess. He’d planned to clean up before his husband got home, but his hair was sticking to his forehead, and he was hot and sweaty from the heat of the stove. His trouser cuffs were covered in mud, his tunic dusted with flour, meat juice, and starch, and he wasn’t wearing a lick of makeup.
He wandered inside, more for the sake of something to do than any need for a souvenir. As he pushed open the door, a little novelty bell gave a hearty jingle.
“They were very kind,” Laura cut in. “It was great of them to offer their home to you, but don’t forget you made your own luck. You fixed the oven, and it gave you an opportunity. Don’t undersell yourself.”
“And those are the magic words.” He grabbed his phone, slipping it into his pocket, and took his suit jacket off the back of his chair. “I’ll meet you there. You want one?”
But Tony was clearly only into pretty omegas if the internet was anything to go by, and, well. Steve looked like and acted like an alpha. A big strong alpha at that. It just wasn’t in the cards.
But this...connection, was something he hadn’t realised he was craving. Tony was looking at him like he could see him. Him. Steve. Not the freshly thawed icon or the out-of-touch old soul everyone else seemed to. He wasn’t ready to give it up.
He rolled over onto his side and closed his eyes, the words from the letter he’d sent running through his head.
“You haven’t even heard what it is yet,” Bucky said gleefully, but Steve was already shaking his head.
Steve, whose own eyes were almost saucers, shoved a teatowel at him in apology as he blurted out, “Love you!”
At one point another dog had wandered over to meet Dodger. Steve had gotten Peter to ask the owner and then shown him the best way to approach the pug and pet him carefully. Which, alright it was a tad annoying that Peter remembered his rules when it wasn’t his dad telling him, but still, it got the job done so Tony wasn’t complaining.
He’d been on a job, fixing a broken-down car on the other side of town. The owner, retired Colonel Phillips, had been grumpy, and assumed he knew better, though Tony didn’t see
“Alright, alright, don’t worry now.” The alpha scooped Peter easily into his arms, leaving Tony to stand on his own, feeling suddenly bereft. “We’ll go see the doctor. Come on.”
For all he’d thought Steve was just a jerk when they’d met, it hadn’t taken him long to realise that actually, Steve was wonderful.
Tony didn’t push anymore, for which he was grateful, but did hand him the black kitten when his coffee arrived so the little guy wouldn’t stick his face in it. Steve laughed as he tried to prevent one kitten getting onto the table, while keeping an eye on a little ginger one who seemed to be on some sort of scouting mission.
“Wow Cap, when were you going to tell us we were living with a GQ’s Sexiest Alpha winner?” Clint asked cheekily. “I might swoon.”
Tony raised an eyebrow. “This is like the seventh time you’ve been semi-maimed since we met. How do you keep attracting so much injury?”
Steve grinned. “Nah, but I’ll tell you what, you get a free pass on KP duty tonight, I’ll cook, huh?”
They had landed on the planet's surface a few hours prior, a first contact mission with the Lanovians. It had gone well, the locals excited to work and share their knowledge with Starfleet. S’Teve had set about learning their defences and how they protected their world, while Tony spoke about warp theory with the Chancellor, though it would seem the discussions had moved onto matters of diplomacy.
“Oh, we wouldn’t want to impose. Fancy East Coast omega like yourself probably doesn’t have the time for the
The last page was Bucky’s finest piece of photography. He’d taken it when Steve was still dressed in the Christmas outfit they’d chosen – sexy Buddy from
“Oh yes.” Bucky raised an eyebrow at him. “You want me to help, we’re doing this my way. That means proper lighting and some fucking costumes.”
“Have you read that book by Dr Reed Richards, the one about space?” Steve asked. “I prefer novels myself, but I picked up a copy last time I was in San Francisco: interesting stuff.”
Steve laughed, accidentally dislodging the kitten who tumbled into his arms instead, settling down and starting to purr.
And that was nice, really nice. Stíofán let himself thrust against the tight rear a couple of times, grunted as he did. He was getting too worked up, and if he wanted to mount the way he’d planned he needed to move past the warm-up.
“Hey, hey, ” Steve protested, as he pulled away. “Steady now.” He held Tony’s hips tight as the omega tried to shift in his lap. “You’re tired, and you’re worked up. Let’s just get some shuteye.”
Of course Mr Rogers would have a beau. He was beautiful, kind and undeniably a wit. Though what this soldier had done to earn his charms Tony couldn’t fathom. He turned on his heel and left, being careful not to be seen. His mood had taken an unpleasant turn.
“I want,” Steve repeated, trying to keep his face as blank as possible, “to do something special for Tony’s birthday.”
“Good luck,” Tony had said before Stíofán was escorted out, and he’d been the last thing Stíofán had seen before he stepped out into the bright sun and glare of the arena.
“She said to keep up your training,” Nakia said, gesturing at the spear. “Especially now you’re moving away.”
He hurried around the corner and gasped when he realised the sound had come from a man who was now pinned beneath a cart with a broken wheel. There was a crowd forming, several people trying to lift the weight. The cart still had goods on the back, adding to the pressure. If they didn’t get him out soon the man would be crushed.
He put the keys in the ignition and started the car. He turned and looked out the back window to reverse, and Maria looked up at the living room window, the light inside a bright contrast to the evening dark.
He tried to help Steve up, but when the other man groaned, he shook his head. “Hey Sam? I think Stevie bruised those brass balls of his. I’ll take him home to ice them.”
Steve huffed a breath, fogging up his glasses as he did. “Yeah well. I’m over that now. If the airforce won’t take me I’ll fly anyway, and I’m going to do something better with it. I’m looking at a private license: see if I can’t try my hand at dropping medical supplies to remote areas, that sort of thing.”
There were lots of job offers and suggestions that he be given some sort of plaque for heroism. It was a little embarrassing to be honest, though the feeling of being so fully accepted by his town and feeling like he was succeeding in his Witch’s Journey felt nice, and he let himself bask in it.
The words made Tony feel hot and needy, and he felt a gush of slick pour out around Steve’s cock. That’s what he wanted. “Yes, alpha, please, yes.”
“If I come back this way, I’ll try and swing by,” Steve told him, and Edwin gave him a suspicious look.
Stíofán pushed himself up. “Don’t wear those.” He walked to his chest, pulling out an old tunic that was too tight for him now.  “This should fit.”
Tony huffed. Steve was so unfortunately elbow height. “Well, this looks nasty. We should go talk to the paramedics - get them to clean it out.”
“Not sure how you can help us though,” the other man said, raising an eyebrow. “This isn’t really something that can be fixed with potions.”
He felt too nervous to sleep, looking around in the room he’d had since he was a child. He wouldn’t be back here after this: he'd have to say goodbye, taking only the essentials. Well, the essentials for making him a desirable omega of course. He’d packed a second bag with his remaining keepsakes and valuables that wouldn’t make the first trip. Jarvis took those home to keep safe, promising he would bring them himself one day when Tony was sure he was settled.
“Hey, be with you in a moment!” The shout came from somewhere in the back, so Steve parked up his bike, taking his bag and belongings off it to get it ready for inspection. He leaned against the wall as he waited, looking around the shop with interest.
Steve felt like he might cry. He hadn’t told anyone he was coming out here. It was freezing, and wet, and he couldn’t walk, and his heart was even sicker than it had been before.
“Diplomacy?! That man has been making indecent comments at me since he got here, and I have been as polite as I can. But I will not stand by and let him hurt Peter.”
“It’ll keep you safe,” Tony had told him as they stood at the entrance to the arena. He slipped the handles over Stíofán’s arm, over the greaves he'd made him and the thin breastplate. It was all so light and thin, he hadn’t been sure of it. But Tony had poked him in the chest and told him it would work, and so he had no choice but to believe.
There was another round of silence from his end. I held the phone tightly between my fingers, my breath was fast, apprehensive for his response. What was he thinking on the other side? As much as I was regretting to stay on the phone any longer, I knew I needed to. My pity party was mentally flushed down the toilet. In the midst of the static from the background, a voice spoke up again, without question.
“Two weeks ago,” My eyes went back to Bruce, realizing that I couldn’t backtrack my words. “...Vision turned off his transponder.” I paused, sighing.
“The fact is is that we have this stone. We know where it is.” He continued to explain as I tilted my chin up to contemplate his words. “Vision is out there somewhere with the mind stone and we have to find him now.” He began, and I gulped lightly, crossing my arms over my chest. That was a touchy subject, and I glanced down at the floor, awaiting the impending doom of what I was about to say. I gave Bruce one hesitant glance before I spoke.
Maybe it was my arrogance that took ahold of my lack of cooperation, but it wasn’t like Steve left me on good terms. “Call him,” Bruce spoke into the silence, and I almost wanted to laugh. He didn’t understand what I’d been through, and there wasn’t enough time for him to comprehend it all now. “It’s not that easy,” I turned to face Bruce, my hand patting my leg. Bruce shook his head once more, even more dauntingly confused than a few minutes ago. That’s when I scoffed aloud; Bruce had missed way too much, and all because he was trapped with Thor.
He charmed others -- of all species -- into friendship or carnal relations, and though he sometimes projected flippancy, S’Teve had never known him to do less than his best for those he cared for.
He gave the guys a wave as he started the bike and made his way back to the highway. He felt a little lighter, the notion that he had made a difference without having to fight settling comfortably into his skin. He found he liked it.
Tony’s smile bloomed wide, and he pulled Stíofán to him for a kiss. Stíofán returned it in full, his hand smoothing over Tony’s belly, unable to stop touching.
A storm had knocked them off course pretty early on, and it had taken all Tony’s skill to keep them in the air, Jarvis yowling in his ear and claws dug deep in his robe as he clung for dear life. They’d had to land while it was still dark, huddled in the hollow of a tree while the rain poured down and the wind screamed around them.
“Seems to me it most-assuredly does. You release her now. I won’t be so polite if I have to ask again.”
“Careful!” An arm snapped around his waist, stopping him from taking a tumble. “Sorry, I didn’t mean to give you a fright. I was just going to bring you some breakfast.”
Now Mr Rogers looks more confused. “I am sorry. I don’t know what you are talking about. Bucky and I are friends.”
Steve nodded, gritting his teeth and stretching out a hand. They were over the town square now, and as Tony leaned forward to grab him, the dirigible slammed into the town clock tower, coming to a shuddering halt. Tony was almost relieved, but the force of it travelled down the rope, and Steve, only attached by one frantic grip, slid free.
He felt the omega relax, arms curling around Steve’s back and pulling him tight. “He was going to hurt Oscar. I didn’t have a choice.”
“Well, what about you?” Tony snapped, feeling raw. “You stopped liking me.” And that had hurt, it had hurt a lot. Because Steve, Steve had always believed in him. To have him say he didn’t support Tony had cut deep.
“You can say that again,’” Tony agreed. He pushed himself up, the mud squelching beneath him. He was filthy, and cold, and soaked to his skin and his broom was…
“I’m making you better armour. I’ve been watching the weapons maker, and I see his techniques. I can do the same.”
That’s what mattered. No matter what happened tomorrow, Tony would be safe, and he’d carry Stíofán’s legacy with him, and his child would know a better life. His only regret then was that he would never know what the kid would look like, whether they would have Stíofán’s light colouring or Tony’s pretty brown eyes. He felt the tears prick in his eyes and rubbed them away roughly.
Tony huffed. What was this guy’s problem? He opened his mouth to yell back, but he’d already climbed on his bike and was peddling off at high speed. Whatever. This is what Tony got for helping people.
“Oh,” Mr Rogers said, eyes wide and shiny. “Mr Stark, I’d-- I’d like that very much. Very much indeed.”
“You wish,” Steve muttered, but obediently braced his arms and looked back, trying to think about how he looked when he was looking at Tony.
“What’s the bet he brings nothing to contribute to the food for the dance?” The redhead tittered, delighting in the gossip.
He grunted as he tried to move, the pain shooting up his leg. The clouds rumbled above him and he cursed loudly. And now he was going to get rained on.
What was different was the pen to the side. Inside were around fifteen does, all huddled near the back. The scent was almost intoxicating, getting Stíofán’s blood racing despite his best attempts. Each satyr was allowed to go inspect, get a look at the goods before fights would start, and Stíofán took his turn after Hammer gave him a jab in the kidneys.
They’d been busy though, so it had taken Tony a while to realise he wasn’t running to schedule. He was pretty sure Steve hadn’t realised yet either - it was harvest season, and a lot of the labourers from the farms were spending their coin in town, so Steve was working a lot more than usual keeping the peace.
“And what’s a pretty thing like you doing here all on his lonesome?” Tony stared more intently out the window, trying to ignore the man next to him.
“Excuse me?” the alpha spluttered and Steve had to hide a wince. He’d definitely been hanging around Tony too much.
Tony sighed, burrowing into the warmth, and Stíofán pulled the blanket over them. Eventually, he fell asleep to Tony’s soft breathing, hoping he’d be better tomorrow.
“You do?” Antonius looked up from beneath his lashes, in a clearly practiced move, but knowing it was taught didn’t make Stíofán any less hungry for him. “So I...please you, then?”
Steve sighed into the kiss, and Tony brought a hand up to cradle his jaw, brushing a soft thumb over his cheek. He is pleasantly surprised when he feels one of Steve’s hands against his hip, holding them together as their lips drag pleasingly over each other, lighting a spark between them. Steve in particular seemed to enjoy it, pawing at Tony’s waistcoat, much to Tony’s surprise but immediate delight. His other hand joined it’s partner, holding Steve’s head in place to better ravish him, basking in the soft moans it elicited.  Things were getting rather interesting when Steve twitched, the motion jostling his ankle and he broke away with a whimper.
Deputy Barnes glared at Steve, clearly catching on to the trick, but he shook his head dutifully, clearing his plate and reaching for a glass of punch to subtly wash away the taste.
The alpha jerked in surprise at the feel of bare skin, his fingers pulling back but not before they brushed against Tony’s hipbone, the tease making him shiver. Oh, he wanted.
Dr Banner smiled. “It’s very rare to conceive outside of heat certainly, but not impossible.” He hummed thoughtfully. “Although, three months ago was about when Peter was sick. Most likely, if I were to hazard a guess, your body reacted to your stress over a sick pup, and it went into overdrive to prepare to have another. Omega bodies can be pretty amazing like that.”
Well, that was no good. Stíofán made a note to ask for extra mash, get the doe fattened up some. “Well, we’ll fix that. Also, I feel we should-- I mean, you know we cannot be married in the eyes of the law?”
“Sorry, I just needed--” And then his lips were on Tony’s. Tony smiled into it, even as he had to tilt the broom to stop them both from falling.
The next morning, the Sheriff took him over to meet Mr and Ms Barton, who bred a few horses for him to choose from. Tony became the owner of a sweet-natured, dappled-grey mare – who he named Ana for Mrs Jarvis (she'd either be thrilled or horrified) – and the recipient of an invitation to join Ms Barton’s game of Bridge the following Wednesday.
Steve didn’t know what he was going to say, but whatever it was, was lost in the sudden sound of helicopter blades. His head shot up, the noise reaching his ears first and the others gave him an odd look before the chopper got close enough that they could hear it too.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about. And I don’t care. You need to get the fuck out of my party.”
He pulled out carefully, shifting away to the side of the bed leaving Tony cold as the air swept over his skin.  “Here, I-”
As if he were being punished for his cynicism, his phone flashed in his hand, and he looked down and sighed. He knew what the instagram notification was going to show before he even opened it.
“Was it hard?” Steve couldn’t help but ask. “Stepping away from something you’d always thought you were
“Now, you want a story or what? Tony likes hearing the one about the time I met Captain America in France, but I got a few up my sleeve.”
“No, I know. I’m glad he’s your friend. Means I don’t have to worry about you when you’re working.” He hugged the faun tightly. “Come on, let’s get you back.”
“Steve, come on, we’ll walk up the hill and ride down,” Tony pleaded, becoming worried Steve might actually keel over.
Tony smiled, expression soft. “You cared about me enough to stay, and I started to notice how different you were around me compared to everyone else. And I wanted more. I wanted to be the person you opened up to, who touched you when you needed it, but I didn’t know how to ask. I wanted to be on the receiving end of those cute blushes of yours, and I spend a lot of hours remembering being held by you and wondering what it would be like to experience those muscles of yours in the privacy of my quarters.” His smile turned self-deprecating. “I wanted to be with you, but I was willing to accept just being your friend.”
“What’s for dinner?” Tony asked, taking a seat at the table. The sheriff had removed his hat and his waistcoat, and Tony finally got a look at the toned forearms beneath the rolled-up sleeves and the tan line around his collar.
“Well,” Doctor Banner said, pressing carefully against his stomach. “It can happen for a number of reasons. Most of the time it’s nothing, but it’s always a good idea to check.”
“I was trying to be incognito,” Steve replied, mouth lifting at the corner. “And I was trying hard enough that I distracted myself. But I guess now that you know, I can swear to never let you bruise that perfect ass ever again.”
“Joke all you want, but you’re wasting time. The longer it takes for me to get what I want, the more of your guests I add to my execution list. Is it still funny now Stark?”
“Exactly,” Maybe-George said, and then he reached out, his hand covering Tony’s on the table, his eyes meeting Tony’s own with a firm gaze. “Love you.”
The birds sang, the clouds parted and the sun bathed them in a golden glow and the planets aligned in perfect symmetry.
When Dad released them, Pops came over and took his place. “How’d we get so lucky, huh?” He pressed a kiss to each of their heads. “You two are just the most incredible kids.”
Stíofán felt a twitch below the belt at the tone, almost an automatic response by now, and realised he did. There was a pulse under his skin that demanded he restate his claim. “I could.”
Mr Rogers was charming, there was no other word for it. He was witty, well-read, a talented artist, and highly opinionated. Tony couldn’t think of many things he enjoyed more than watching him become alight with passion as he argued his point, unafraid of speaking to those with higher status.
They fell asleep tangled together, Stíofán strangely peaceful despite the coming challenge. He had all he needed in his arms.
She took him inside and sat him down at the large table in her kitchen. It smelled pleasantly of herbs and spices, and it was warm beside the stove. She pushed a cup of tea into his hands and took out a large box, which she began to unpack.
Steve flushed ever so slightly. “Uh-huh.” He gestured to Tony’s now empty bottle. “Can I get you another drink?”
Antonius shook his head, pressing a little closer to Stíofán. “We’re kept away, there’s always an older faun present.”
“And just what’s going on here?” a very familiar voice said, and suddenly Tony was beside Steve, a companionable arm around his waist.
The alpha turned, face lighting up when he saw who was there. “Anthony! What are you doing here?” He was clearly at least a bit drunk, his cheeks a little too flushed.
He slammed his fists into the punching bag again and again, faster and harder until his hands were numb, and only stopping when his knuckles had split, rivulets of blood trickling down his wrists.
"He's not moving," Sam snapped and Tony shot off towards where he could see Steve’s locator on his HUD, only a speck of blue visible beneath a pile of rubble. He landed with a crash, dropping to his knees immediately.
“I know,” Tony agreed, his voice barely a murmur. “You go tell them the plan. I’ll make some noise in five minutes.”
Peter thought for a second. “It used to be a husky, ‘cause they’re so fluffy and they can pull you around like in Balto, but now Dodger is my favourite.”
Tony clenched his teeth angrily. He was stuck. He couldn’t risk everyone here, but there was no way he could give weapons to what was clearly some sort of terrorist group. Who knew how many people he’d hurt?
Tony chuckled. “Kissing seems simple enough.” He tipped his head expectantly, letting his eyes slip closed in invitation.
“Thanks, Coulson,” Steve said, and as he turned it over, Tony realised it was covered in painted circles and -- oh. Oh god.
He gave Steve’s hand a squeeze and Steve felt a small thrill at the feeling of Tony’s hand against his. It was warm, and he could feel the light thump of Tony’s pulse. The heat rose in his face, and he tried to clamp down on it, not wanting Tony to see him having such a strong reaction to what was nothing more than a casual touch. It just...felt like more.
Tony wanted to kiss him. Well, no, he wanted him to take him to bed and make love to him like mated couples did. But for now, a kiss would suffice.
He settled Peter more securely, concerned by the lack of reaction other than a soft moan. He shut that away and started walking. It wasn’t that far to town after all.
“I think kids these days call that ‘duck face’,” Bucky said, shaking his head. “If this is how we’re doing on the warm-up shots, I can’t wait to see what you do when you have to start actually taking your clothes off.”
Tony squinted suspiciously at the small arms wrapped around the pile and shook his head. “Nah, I live in the penthouse. I just figured I could use a coffee and a snack.”
Steve reached to grab two bowls from a cupboard and pulled a loaf of bread out of the breadbox. “Well now, up when the rooster crows to feed and water the horses. Then I eat my morning meal and head out to town. I’m gone most of the day at the Sheriff’s office, though often I or the deputies patrol and check in with some of the farms that are further out to make sure there’s no trouble. Sometimes the Marshall will call for us to help him on a manhunt, or we’ll receive notice of criminals wanted in the area, and we go track them down. But mostly it’s quiet: maybe busting up a bar fight or two at the saloon.” He cut a couple of thick slices and slathered them with butter from the icebox. “I’m kept plenty busy, but there’s usually some time for rest and leisure. I read a lot when I can get my hands on something, and I usually attend the town dances, mostly to make sure no one enjoys themselves
“Apparently it isn’t,” Tony said, raising a brow at him. He ran a grease-covered hand through his hair and S’Teve found his eyes drawn to it. His cheeks felt warm, and he knew Tony would be able to see the tell-tale green.
Mr Rogers sighed, looking small and vulnerable and Tony wanted nothing more than to take him in his arms. But he resisted.
“Huh,” Steve looked impressed. “That’s a really good idea. Better than finding out he likes them more in theory than in practice when it’s too late.”
They kissed a little longer, Stíofán encouraging Antonius to explore. He shivered as soft hands drifted over his chest and his shoulders, coming up to rub over his pointed ears and horns. He was getting lost in the feeling when the hands pulled away, and he blinked, coming back to himself.
Bucky rolled his eyes but still raised the camera. It flashed pretty much constantly until the bottle was empty, but as soon as Bucky moved it away from his face he shook his head. “You look like you’re holding in a fart. Or chewing on a frog.”
“Meep moop, I am a human child. I will live with my overprotective parents forever and never leave them Beep beep,” Sam mimed, doing robot actions. Carol burst into laughter behind him.
Steve found his arms full of omega, and he caught Tony easily, taking his weight. He swung him around in relief. “Tony! Thank god!”
Tiberius gave him a look, but Stíofán simply smiled. Tony relaxed against him, and Stíofán wrapped one arm around his waist to brace him. “What do we have this morning?”
“Oh, it does? Doesn’t seem to stop 200,000 kids a year being sent to the emergency room for playground-related injuries every year does it?”
, tell these little monsters their story. Do not go quiet on my account.” He settled in comfortably, tucking into his meal with enthusiasm.
“No.” Steve let out a breath, his cheeks a little red. “I mean, yes. But, it wasn’t for the plant, Tony. I couldn’t care less about that.”
Barnes looked a little awkward. “Look, uh, how about I send someone to fetch a wagon, and we’ll take him home to yours, alright? I see Ana over there. You take her back, and we’ll meet you. The doctor will be a few.”
A hand came down to brush over his cock, and Tony came with a shout, just as the knot pushed inside him and swelled, tipping him over the edge again, a cascade of pleasure, and he collapsed forward on the bed, unable to hold himself up, covered by a warm, sweaty alpha who was giving him grateful kisses on his shoulders. “Thank you. Tony. I love you. You’re so good.”
Tony turned and gave the man a stiff smile. “Just travelling, same as you, sir. If you don’t mind, I’d like to get back to my reading. So...have an enjoyable journey.” He looked back at his book, trying to ignore the alpha’s presence.
“It’s no problem. Now, I think we can lock up a bit early and go in search of dinner. What do you think?”
A warm wet mouth dragged along his cock, the heat and soft slide almost indescribable. It felt as though all the sensation in his body was locked onto one single point, and as the doe bobbed his head, the pressure moved along every inch.
“Bucky,” Tony managed, the alpha’s strength the only thing holding him up. “It’s Peter, he’s sick, please-”
Tony felt his cheeks heat a little. “Oh, uh, I’m sorry to interrupt. Sheriff Rogers said he wouldn’t make it home for dinner today, so I thought I’d bring some by.”
Tony felt a spike of guilt. He’d been so busy, his hours in the bakery had been few and far between, even though they’d both given him a roof over his head. “I can do it!”
“That’s a--oh fuck!” Tony staggered back, grabbing Peter and pulling him back. Because there on the ground was a long, coiled snake. It gave a warning rattle, it’s dark eyes fixed on them.
,” Stíofán said dryly and Antonius flicked back to him. He became aware of a hot, heady perfume coming off the doe, made to entice a buck. He was starting to feel drunk on it.
“Thanks. And you know what that means? Means you have to take better care of yourself so I don’t have to fret. I can’t be worrying over two kiddos at once,” Rhodey told him sternly and Tony nodded.
Rhodey shook his head. “It’ll keep. ‘Sides seems to me your buck’s been lying to me about you not eating enough so he damn well owes me something.”
“Well, you know, Kittenbot 3000 is the hot new pet of the future,” Tony said with a wink. “How goes the new fashion line?”
Hodge laughed. “All in good time. Now let’s head back to camp. The sheriff will come to us soon enough.”
“I think so? I mean, god I thought he looked familiar but I didn’t think this!” A memory wiggled its way out from the depths of his mind, the photos his father kept in his office of a man he vowed to find…
“He’s close! You,” he pointed at the guard by the door. “Go stop him. He doesn’t make this floor. Do you understand?”
Tony tried not to flush. “Dinner. It’ll just be Peter and me on our own again, we’d be happy to have the company and it sounds like our place is warmer than yours at least.”
Steve put Dodger on his leash and walked them out. They were going opposite directions, so they said goodbye there, Steve reiterating again his offer and Tony agreeing to take him up on it.
Tony willed himself not to flush with embarrassment. He hated the idea that other people might know that he’d made a mess of their bonding: something that was supposed to be impossible given how keen alphas always were for it. He turned his face away slightly, not wanting it to be obvious, but was saved by Steve speaking up.
