John made a noise in his throat. Probably meant to be noncommittal, but Sherlock could hear the note of agreement in it. He grit his teeth and buried his face in his knees.
“In any case, as I said, the shoes are at Speedy’s. You can decline, of course, but then they’ll likely languish behind the counter, as I’ve no intention of returning them to the shop.”
“I’m gonna buy Outskirts. Okay? We can play that next time?”
John moved the chargers for both Harry’s old phone and the BlackBerry closer to his bed, so he could more easily hear if he got a text message or a phone call in the middle of the night, although the next time Sherlock rang, it was during the day.
“I suppose so…. Did I offend you, just now? I know my compliment was a bit shit, but I did mean it sincerely.”
Sherlock’s voice was booming this time, accompanied by a great shake of John’s bed that jolted him not-quite-awake again. His sheets were swiftly yanked out of reach.
A fair point, but Sherlock isn’t given the opportunity to concede it.
“You needn’t look so severe,” said Mycroft. “Now that we’ve finally been introduced, I only thought we might have a little chat. Get to know each other.”
The pillow that he’d intentionally positioned so close to John’s had been scooted farther away, and the large two-person “bed” had been separated into two smaller piles of sheets and quilts. John was under one and motioned impatiently for Sherlock to get under the other.
“Tease.” Sherlock’s voice was so deep, so rumbly it was sinful.
“No!” He practically shouted it, startling both John and himself. More quietly but no less urgently, he said, “I’ve got it.”
Sherlock is vaguely aware of the scalpel disappearing, leaving him with only the pain, but it seems unimportant—inevitable, which of course it is. It’s not awful, the hurt isn’t. It’s not really anything, actually: just… pain.
That you aren’t alarmed by the idea of my experimenting on body parts says only that you are refreshingly less dull and dim-witted than the rest of humanity. As I told Mrs Hudson when she was demanding I dispose of the fingers, it’s customary to keep dead livestock in the freezer and gift others with dying plants, but experimenting on dead humans for the sake of furthering my knowledge and enabling me to more quickly identify and catch murderers is somehow alarming. Ridiculous.
Sherlock is, and John raises his hand.
It was twilight, and the light filtering through Rosie’s window from the setting sun seemed eerie rather than lovely, as it might have done in any other situation.
An experimental thrust of John’s hips—it tested her balance, and god she couldn’t bear to imagine what she looked like—and Sherlock’s whole body surged upwards with a cry that John could
I don’t know that it’s been proven video games have any health benefits, just suggested by one study or another. And I imagine there’s just as many studies suggesting they can lead to increased depressive and aggressive tendencies, particularly in teenagers. There’s also the addiction bit. But thank you. It does cheer me a bit to know I’m not the only person in their thirties playing video games. :)
and storming off in a strop when Sherlock refuses to remove the offending body parts from the flat.
“So, erm. The friend you mentioned a few days ago, the one who got you interested in video games?
“Do you want to stop playing for tonight?”
As John expected, the response arrived within a minute.
Still, Sherlock groaned, low and embarrassed, although the sound pitched higher, edging closer to a sob when John climbed off. Sherlock’s softened prick slipped free with a wet plop, followed by a thick dribble of come and lube.
Have you given Diggy Hole a go yet? Assuming you’re amenable, how does Monday at 8 PM sound for a bit of multiplayer?
John brushed the sandwich crumbs from his trousers and licked the mustard smear from his thumb before picking up his phone.
“Nothing except the money,” John said. “Is that what you’re getting at?”
, Sherlock thought darkly,
“Oh, right. It’s impressive. I like the little vases you’ve got on some of the tables. Also the tiger skin rug above the sofa. How long did it take to make?”
It didn’t matter, Sherlock tried to assure himself. John had done the same after he’d first moved to Baker Street: behaving like a guest in his own flat. It had taken more than a week before he’d started leaving his toiletries in the bathroom. It had taken even longer for his other belongings to find their way downstairs and mingle with Sherlock’s: his medical journals on the bookshelves, his computer on the coffee table, a pair of dirty socks between the sofa cushions.
In addition to being absurdly hot, the photo also cheered him slightly. Maybe John hadn’t bungled everything completely up, if Sherlock was still sending him dirty photos and flirty messages.
How best to introduce it into conversation?
Sherlock sent it and set his phone on the pillow beside his head. While he waited, he mapped the cracks on the ceiling (all of them small, barely visible, but still very much there despite Mrs Hudson’s vehement protests the last time Sherlock had brought them up) and trailed his fingertips up and down his sternum. He’d already removed his dressing gown—obviously, since kittens didn’t wear clothing—but now he began to wish he hadn’t. Let John see it hanging off his shoulders in the photos and wish he’d stayed home today so he could have helped Sherlock take it off.
Something in his eyes must have betrayed his bewilderment and confusion, because Greg stops laughing and looks at him gravely.
You're about to answer "Well, yes, a bit," when you remember Mary's words.
"How is Sherlock doing?" Molly asked, and although it was only natural of her to inquire, John thought for a mad second that he was busted.
"Sorry that was a stupid question. Do you need help with the suitcase?"
"Epping forest. This morning. He shot himself with the same weapon that was used to kill Brad."
"Right. Listen, Sherlock, can we take this conversation to Baker street? I think we're not very welcome here. Ready for a run?"
"When I thought she was dead, he offered me a cigarette," Sherlock deadpanned.
You heard me."
"I'm not wearing an apron."
"You would be a wonderful mother, I am sure."
He followed, annoyance overlapping worry. In the living-room, he found John in front of his laptop, opening a word document. As Sherlock walked towards him, he started typing.
"And you love it," Sherlock replied complacently. John scowled, but knew when he was beaten.
"No, I didn't. Do you think my mouth is too small?"
Sherlock realized he wanted John inside him. The idea seemed so absurd that he was completely disoriented, and confused as to why he should feel such a deep, feral craving. The thought made him harder than ever and his cheeks went ablaze.
"But John, did you forget what Moriarty said? Did you forget what
He helped Sherlock out of bed, holding his arm in case his wobbly legs gave way under him, but the consulting detective sent him a condescending look and walked alone towards the bathroom, his gait dignified.
And then hands were on him again. Again. Again. Through his confusion and the intensity of the pleasure and the pain he saw John's eyes, a gun, a blade... Red, black, white swirled. There was a hand on his left buttock and a hand on his stomach.
Sherlock sighed. Why did this have to be so complicated?
"You always text, has something happened to–"
"Really?"
"That's
You smile, and before you can stop it chuckles escape you. You rest your hands on the counter to get some sense into you. You seriously have to come back down to earth. Taking on the broken man part was fine as long as Sherlock was dead. Nobody cared if you had never been lovers. He was gone, you cared, you would never get over it and you did not want to, and in the end everyone could relate to that. But now here is Sherlock, confused and terrified at the smallest sign that you are
– to such a God-forsaken place? Beautiful, mind you, but still just a village in the forest, 40 kilometres away from Prague. He hadn't even stopped in Prague, either before or after the wedding.
"I have no idea," you reply truthfully.
"He didn't, John."
Sherlock watched as the third fire was lit up. A boat. A small, child-like smile graced his face for an instant, then was gone. He finished his sake.
"He hasn't been given food."
"Really?"
"If you do not mind, I would rather wait for Sherlock," Trevor said with a charming, casual smile. "I know you are his associate, but—"
"Beg your pardon?"
"That's..."
"About your day. You're distracted. Was it Mycroft? What did he want?"
His inner voice and Sherlock's resonating in the room – or so it seemed anyway – were beginning to give him a serious headache.
, she told herself.
. He tried to swallow the bile but the bitterness came back full force. He was glad when Lestrade was done flogging himself and looked up to him as if he were expecting – and even hoping – he would shoot him on the spot. John just nodded once, and went away. There was nothing he could tell the D.I. Yes, they both had made mistakes and were worthless. If he was waiting for John to give him solace and salvation, he certainly got the wrong person.
"For us."
"Please take him out," Sherlock tried one last time, his voice weaker. Or perhaps it was just muffled because of his position.
It was true. Of course Sherlock wouldn't want the three people he ever cared about to die. But he had known Moriarty would target them – and he knew who he wouldn't think of targeting. He hadn't just killed the man or asked Mycroft to put them under protection: he had set out to destroy (or control?) the threat at its source, cutting himself from them because he was the reason their lives were put into jeopardy in the first place. This wasn't just 'not wanting them to die'. This was wanting them to live, safely, happily if possible, without him. The more he thought about it, the more he realized how utterly childish – or insane – that had been, even for his brother. He wouldn't have done it just to defy him – but it had been a mix. A terrible mix of very different factors: his own request and betrayal – though Mycroft didn't like the word: he hadn't betrayed his brother, he had sold him, and informed him of it – , his addiction to the thrill, his ridiculous pride and audacity, his
"Mrs. Hudson, we're going out, very urgent matter, we might be back late!" John told their landlady after knocking on her door. She barely had time to open it and see her tenants run out, apparently in a hurry. "Oh dear," she said, shaking her head tenderly.
"Oh no, I'm sure you're tired after all this boating," Sherlock cut in. "Why don't you rest a bit before dinner? We'll be back shortly anyway. Elsie just told me about the strawberry cheesecake the pastry cook makes there and I was dying to try it – but I know you don't care much for sweets,
He realized Sherlock had never stopped playing the
"Who are the same person."
Lestrade froze, his face falling in disbelief.
Sherlock "negotiated" to have twenty-four hours in the top secret military base to do whatever he wanted (and oh how thrilled Jim had been to find out, much later, that he'd been experimenting on
I also wanted to notify you guys that I am entering boarding school on September 3, and that I will be very busy with my studies. Serious health problems also prevent me from being very efficient and quick when I write, so my updates probably won't be as frequent from now on. I do intend to post one chapter every week, but I cannot promise anything: I'll try. In any case, I will never drop this story, and will do my best to keep the updates as frequent and regular as possible; so please trust me :) More than ever, reviewers are loved! Hope you enjoy this Sherlock centric chapter :D
He is standing very still in the middle of the living-room. But his eyes are moving everywhere, taking everything in. A wave of fondness hits you, so violent it feels like a blow and you stand dizzy for a moment, not saying anything, not moving either.
Jim grinned. "Of some sort."
"Because it's in the report. They left the US after the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and the Voting Act in 1965 because they lived in Texas and couldn't stand 'negroes'. Except that Elias thought James had gone too far with whatever he did to Adanna Ndiaye."
"Harry I-"
The last time he saw Charlie. When he first met him, still looking like a child who had taken a wrong turn somewhere. His silly bright smile when they had survived a vehicle rollover. And then he pictured him injured and dying on an infirmary bed, body bloodied and gaze already glazed... and he must have been half asleep, because now it was
"I'm no different than them. Forcing myself on you—"
Regardless of his somnolent state it seemed that he couldn't fall asleep, but he didn't mind much because he found solace in the warm figure enveloping him. The messy room now seemed cosy and snug.
"Excuse me?"
"Finished your day?"
"How did it come to this? How did I become like this? There are so many idiots out there, and their wives don't leave them and they're not responsible for the deaths of geniuses!"
John walked back up the street and as he entered 221B, ran into Mrs. Hudson.
John chuckled. "I'm really not. It just happened to be both lube and massage gel, so..."
Sherlock furrowed his brow adorably, and wondered what kind of teenager John could have possibly been.
But John was not gay. He was not even asexual. Sherlock wasn't ignorant enough to believe him when he said he was too old now anyway – John was a man, and a man has needs. Now, because he was so damn loyal and faithful, John was stuck for the rest of his life with a man he wasn't attracted to. And Sherlock felt horrible about it.
Standing up, he went back to the kitchen and pretended to resume his ongoing experiment. In fact, he was
John arched an eyebrow.
That's a rather long story... But you've got the evening after all, and isn't the place nice? So you tell her everything from day one.
John swallowed. He felt as cold as if the man had just asked him to kill him – which was basically what he was asking for, in fact.
"Fine. Just go down, I'll be right there."
"John's. You used the same aftershave as he used to."
"Why, dear, never."
Sherlock blinked in bewilderment. He never thought he would hear John say that. Then again, the nature of his 'experiments' had changed quite drastically of late.
"You want to change in the car?"
"That's what I said, yes," Sherlock snapped back, irritated because Sebastian always acted like an idiot and made him repeat each and every order.
"How can you know that he didn't set it so you couldn't win?" she asked.
"What?" Maggie asked, not sure she'd heard this right.
"You don't have a phone?"
"ENOUGH!"
A year or two, perhaps...
"January 31. The day they met."
He gasped as he opened his eyes and was hit by the smell of cigarettes. Without a word, Moran handed him one. Sherlock took it mechanically.
"Sherlock knows you're alive," John rephrased, just to be sure.
Maria frowned.
"Whatever you came here to do."
I wish you much pleasure fucking that bag of bones! Sherlock frowned slightly. Right. There was that issue, too. He stretched carefully, the warmth of the bed distracting. You're asexual and I'm old, John had said, which was one of the most stupid things he had ever uttered in Sherlock's presence. Sherlock played absently with a lock of John's hair. If John's age truly had impacted on his sexual drive negatively, then there wouldn't have been all the girlfriends. Sherlock imagined that his friend would not quite voice it that way, and certainly wouldn't appreciate the cynicism of it, but it could hardly be argued that John's relationships had much weight on an emotional level. John did not fall in love with the women he dated, he found them attractive. Flirting and dating was the socially acceptable way to eventually engage in intercourse with someone.
, Sherlock. Miss Blackwell, what can we do for you?"
"I had been wondering, John, how come you could do it with a man. You know, you being straight and all... So did you discover a new facet of your personality? Did you realize that you actually enjoyed being subdued?"
I told you I didn't want Sherlock to keep it! Oh dear, oh dear..."
"I know who she is," he whispered.
You nod. Perhaps he saw the movement of your head. Or he just took your lack of response for a positive one. In any case he goes on, opening your bathrobe more in order to blow hot air on your shoulders, arms and chest. Sleepy. You actually feel sleepy. What time is it now? You can't remember when you left the flat. You were too obsessed with your goal: getting to the cemetery. And when you came back... Since when have you become so inattentive? You can't even tell at what time you came back in the flat, even though there is a clock in the living-room, and you have gone past it twice.
Obviously not, he mused, as John marched up to him, determination in his eyes, his stance firm.
doing better. Better enough to decide with as clear a mind as possible that going on wasn't worth it."
You stare dumbly for a second before you have to repress hitting your head against a wall.
"Who are you?" repeated another one, aiming at him threateningly. Sebastian smiled.
Damn the tomatoes. The people in the queue behind you are glaring, as if it were your fault you couldn't get your code right when speaking on the phone. You're sure you entered the correct code, actually. Yes, you definitely entered the correct code.
"No. I think he only bugged it for a purpose."
Soon the roles were reversed. She was more indebted than she could ever pay back. She had fallen in love.
"Leave God alone, won't you? You are mentioning him increasingly often these days."
She trails off and sticks her tongue at you.
"An apology."
"I'd like you to be my best man," she added.
He can still hear John's voice echoing in his head. His screams.
Sherlock glares daggers at his reflection just as John re-enters the bathroom.
You chuckle. "No way."
"Are you all right, dear?"
Oh yes. He sure does. Thank you, Harry. Sorry, Harry. Yes, he'll start looking for a job again, even something small, where he doesn't have to actually meet patients (as if that existed in his field of work – what can't she understand about the word 'doctor'?). Answer his emails? But he does, he does. Answered Mike's. Yes, he won't get drunk again, too messy, the smiley agreed.
"Mycroft?" he repeated, not even trying to keep the cold fury out of his voice.
isn't something to be ashamed of."
"I do."
"Funny boy, isn't he?" the barman said.
shake your boat – the chases, all the
"So, Sherlock Holmes... Why did he come here in the first place?"
Not good? - Bit not good, yeah. - If you were dying... If you'd been murdered – in your very last few seconds what would you say? - "Please God let me live." - Use your imagination! - I don't have to.
"I don't know. And I don't care."
He turned around and left the flat crossly.
was no fan of yours. She's an idiot, so she shouldn't be too much of a threat for you. That is, if you're vigilant.
Today, he was determined to discuss the matter with John properly. This just couldn't go on.
"You're mad."
"Should I bring him up?" Mrs. Hudson asks.
"–although you are
"I'm sorry. I'll just go and get some antiseptic soap."
"Two, please."
"Insatiable," John murmured against his lips.
She blinks. It is all the more difficult as she seems genuinely hurt.
"I've been an idiot. I'm sorry," John said.
There's a strange tickling sensation on your right hand, the one Mary touched earlier. You close your eyes and let it take the shape of another hand, a larger, more awkward one, following the advice found on Google about dealing with people who get nightmares.
BECAUSE, she types. Enter. Wrong. It doesn't work. "That's not it, then," she mutters. It could have been: Sherlock was cheeky, and when he wrote this he was still a kid. The final answer to the question "Why is Mycroft an idiot?" could well have been "Because." With a full stop. But it wasn't.
them. Before turning the light off, he looked at the dummy and felt so sick he had to throw it in the corner of the room and hide it with some of his own clothes. Then he went to sleep, wishing he wouldn't have to wake up. That changed when he started dreaming, though. Of Sherlock, of course.
"But I did get lubricant!" Sherlock protested, pointing at the table where John had put the small bottle.
"Seb?"
"What?" he asks somewhat defensively.
"Do you still work as a doctor?"
"Mm?"
Sherlock sat down at the table.
Taken off guard, John blinked. Then a smile graced his lips and he nuzzled up against his partner's neck, relishing his scent. He felt so privileged to be able to be so close to Sherlock. But it was never close enough.
The whirlpool does sound nice," Salome said. "There mustn't be anyone in at this hour. I'll be right there with you, Mr. White."
“You’re next, young man,” said Mrs Hudson sharply. “I’ve got a nice pirate hat for you.”
“It really is. Especially when it’s John we’re talking about.”
“So perfect,” John said. His teeth were gritted; he was out of breath. “Even when you’re a brat, you’re perfect. With your collar and your ears and that bloody tail,
He woke sometime later to a beam of light on his face and the bed shaking rhythmically beneath him. Sherlock was sitting against the headboard with a computer open in his lap, its screen seeming unnaturally bright in the pitch-black room. His knees were bent, and he was bouncing his heels.
, John folded his arms, startling Sherlock from his trance. “Why are you here?” John demanded.
7:01 a.m.
“Hey,” John says. His hand is stroking again, soothing. “Can you give me a word?”
You might’ve been? And you suppose you should? Mate, you were and you really bloody should. You might’ve written an impressive and frankly invaluable game guide, but that doesn’t give you free reign to be a cock to people who are only trying to help.
The same could be said of a lot of Christians, John suspected. Maybe even members of other religions.
The rest will have to wait until tonight I’m afraid.
In an attempt to move past his fixation, John agreed to meet up with some of the rugby lads from Blackheath at a pub. They hadn’t changed since John had last seen them. Still downing pints like they were in their twenties, still taking the mick out of each other and laughing loud and long, while John was tipsy after only one pint and ducked his head when he chuckled weakly and said very little about himself.
<JohnHWatson> Piss off.
John blinks, clearly taken aback. “Er, yeah. That. Sherlock, it’s… I just don’t think it’s working right now. Which isn’t to say that we can’t try again in—”
Oh yes, so much for John being invaluable to Sherlock’s investigation. Still, John swallowed his shame and his disappointment, and pushed on. “It’s clumsy, yeah, but it’s not totally unskilled. It’s the proper technique, anyway, and those are good-quality polyglycolic acid sutures. I’d say whoever did this has at least some sort of medical background, and access to medical supplies.”
“Bad Sherlock. That’s very naughty behaviour. Not before I tell you to, do you understand?”
John tipped his head in a half-nod. He suspected there was more to it, or something he was missing, although he wasn’t sure why he thought so. He decided to prod a bit. “And… the coffee?”
He comes like that, clawing at the back of John’s shirt. His orgasm is fast but weak, and afterwards he lies still and gasping as John finishes on top of him.
Sherlock
You sort of did, more or less. Tell me you had backup at least?
Sherlock lay down and rolled onto his back, baring his throat submissively. Inviting John to climb on top and touch him, coo at him, spoil him.
“You realise,” Sherlock said, sounding far more awake than John had expected, “you’ve just slept the entire night in my bed without a nightmare.”
not you.”
But John doesn’t seem terribly bothered. Instead, he makes a thoughtful noise and tightens his grip on Sherlock’s shirt. “Okay,” he says. “That helps. It’s okay if you don’t know exactly what you want yet, you know. That’s a good start. We can work with that.”
Sherlock blinked, confused and indignant. That was so unlike John—John who was always kind and encouraging when Sherlock was eager, who had never used a word like “naughty” to Sherlock when sex was involved.
John laughed. He couldn’t help it; the question was absurd. “Sherlock, I never blamed you to begin with.”
, it said. Just as stuffy a name as Mycroft’s, the poor thing.
What would you do with my dead body, assuming it ended up with you somehow?
After that, it was over within seconds.
“... Why?”
Sherlock’s sham of a glower didn’t falter, but he made a show of removing his fingers from the keyboard and closing the laptop. Satisfied, John turned back to the shopping and was putting a can of beans in the cupboard when Sherlock slotted himself against his back and ducked his head so he could drag his nose along the curve of John’s ear.
Ella was writing quickly now, her notepad tilted up so that John couldn’t see it. “You haven’t been using your blog.”
“Wow,” John said. He licked his lips. “You look…”
Not to mention, they are not John’s name or initials. They aren’t the shape of his teeth or nails. Sherlock hasn’t left anything of himself on John’s body; the blood-stained gloves are already removed, soon to be binned with the rest of the rubbish. Sherlock isn’t tied any more to John now than he was before they began.
Sherlock opens his eyes, although he doesn’t remember closing them, and blinks repeatedly. His vision is watery. Why is it watery?
“It’s less interesting than it could be.”
Sherlock propped herself up on one elbow, frowning. “What?”
John hadn’t even settled back down before Sherlock’s mouth was open, waiting, and his tongue extended in a clear invitation.
“That’s nice of you.”
Right. John had never said a word, but of course Sherlock had fucking known. Really, how couldn’t he, when John had spoken to a hallucination in front of him? He was struck with such a rush of helpless frustration—at himself, his own failures—that for a moment all he could do was close his eyes and wait for it to recede.
Mrs Hudson was wakened suddenly in the middle of the night by a noise somewhere distant in the flat. It was a loud sort of chirruping sound. Made by one of the cats, she thought, although she’d never heard either Sherlock or John make such a sound before.
John was smiling ruefully, deepening the wrinkles at the corners of his eyes. A stray thought—squirming and struggling and John grinning down at him in triumph—ventured into Sherlock’s mind. He shooed it hastily away.
, Sherlock tells himself.
JohnHWatson: Oh! Sure, yeah, that sounds good. I might be rubbish at it, but I’ll give it a go.
Mycroft’s nose wrinkles in distaste. Sherlock considers that a point in his favour and feels justified in swanning over to his armchair and seating himself with a self-satisfied flourish.
“Just a bit more,” said John. “I want your hole drenched and dripping. Do you know why?”
Greg lunged repeatedly for Mycroft, who was surprisingly agile for his size and evaded him easily, and Molly gasped and cried, “Mycroft! Oh, I’m so sorry. He’s never done anything like this before.
“That’s it,” Sherlock was murmuring. “Go on and rip it out.”
John does, and the switch from one pair of hands to another startles Rosie into silence long enough for her to notice the texture of Sherlock’s dressing gown. As predicted, she’s intrigued and runs her hand over the fabric as though marvelling at it. Well, more accurately, she makes a sort of swatting motion at Sherlock’s chest, but Sherlock understands the intent.
"Well, I never saw you actually tired and needing to sleep." His tentativeness is painful to watch.
"Oh, don't be stupid. Sherlock's, of course!"
On second thoughts, maybe it didn't.
! You can't kidnap people as you please."
"...try."
, John!"
"You'll bite me anyway," John retorted, playing with a black lock of hair before kissing the beloved brow. "I'll be right back."
"John. Why would it be unfair to them?"
"Detective Inspector Lestrade," Sherlock introduced himself as he showed him the badge. "I am investigating the disappearance of Henry Moore. I believe he was supposed to meet you here today?"
"The day he left on a plane."
"I just got here actually."
John did not reply, but thought that perhaps using their host as bait might be a little risky. However, he could not think of any better idea, so he just checked his gun while Sherlock confiscated his laptop before he went to shower. John told himself that everything would be all right.
"Close your eyes!"
is somebody. He counts," Mycroft continued, looking at the glittering river.
For some reason this truism seems to touch John and he snuggles up closer to you.
"We?"
Because really, there were so many ways it could have gone wrong, and so many ways it still could. Sherlock was brilliant indeed, but when left alone he was as dangerous to himself as he was to other people (not that he wanted to harm them, but because he didn't bother). Incredibly clever, yes, but still human, and even he could make mistakes. And those would be deadly considering the present situation.
was flirting with me a lot more than Sherlock."
Sherlock did not need to relax, but even if he did, sleeping wouldn't have been the best way. Smoking, maybe. Playing the violin. Going to the opera. Experimenting. Doing background research for the Work, like classifying the different types of ashes. But sleeping?
Hence Elsie's fury: she was pointing her own handgun (the exact same model as John's, Sherlock noticed) straight at her husband.
"Really?"
"Of course." She let out a nervous little laugh. John winced, not liking the sound of it. He thought of Sherlock's almost inaudible laughter, low and rumbling, coming from deep within his throat. Or his snicker, close to a snort. Mostly, Sherlock's laughter was in his voice, he thought, in his tone. Then he realized what he was thinking and felt like hitting his head against his desk. Really? Sherlock's
They remained quiet for the rest of the ride – Sherlock, sulking in his case, and John, trying not to squirm under Mycroft's scrutinizing gaze.
"John?"
A gasp – now she is awake. Isn't she?
jump. What in the world had Moriarty told him that day on the rooftop to convince him to off himself? How did he ever manage
They were now entering the
. He bit his lower lip – which was getting redder and redder from the bad treatment every time – and decided not to think about it too much and get it over with. He took it off so fast he was surprised when he saw his boxers lying on the floor with his shirt and trousers.
genius. Harry was well-informed about homosexuality and dependence: her brother wasn't gay, he was addicted.
"You want me to take some patients for one of the other doctors?" he tried, just as she said:
You'll blame it on the drink later. Or on the bloody dungarees, or on the madness of that woman. But for now, you just want to make an impression, and for the first time since Sherlock's death, you feel like it might be worth it. You get on your knees.
"So, John told me you're living with someone now?"
"You don't really look like John. Except the ears, perhaps. Or the nose. But your mother's got a strange nose too." The baby blinks stupidly and Sherlock groans. What is he doing, talking to a baby? That thing is barely human. It's deprived of speech.
John would give anything to know what their final conversation had been. Clearly Moriarty must have tricked Sherlock, but was he aware of it before going to the rooftop, or did he only realize it once he got there? Like a trap closing up on him... John shivers and bites his lip, refusing to drown in the guilt gnawing in the pit of his stomach. The frustration, too. He should've known something was wrong, but he, his best friend, his
Yet here Sherlock was, sitting on the bench, looking at the pond. He was enjoying the quietness and the cool evening air; it felt almost warm against his cold skin, but not quite. It wasn't just dark, it felt dark. He could just close his eyes and smell the night in the silence of the park.
The man did not turn when she left the room, closing the door behind her. He simply gazed out the window, smoking into the silent night.
"Are you really so self-assured?"
You slam the door mentally on the unnerving murmur and try to think of something else. But there isn't. Everything else has been seen to already, and now all you can do is
Sherlock looks you in the eye. "You can stay," he repeats.
Gently, he pulls you down towards him and starts drying your hair with a towel, the warmth of his hands spreading to the white fluffy fabric. "We can use the hairdryer afterwards. And take off your trousers. You can just put them in the bathtub, we'll take care of the laundry tomorrow. You sure you don't want to take a hot shower?"
Sherlock swallowed. "And?"
As he did, something John had said the previous day came back to him; they had been arguing about the hugs and John rejecting Sherlock when they were both men. Then John had said something funny, something that hadn't caught Sherlock's attention then, but did now.
He realizes that there is so much to hide in this flat that John can only hide things under other things that he should be hiding too. Seeing somebody's flat is like opening the person up and seeing what is inside; it is a key to reading the individual more thoroughly. And observing said person in his flat? Even better.
"John—"
hungry. He turned off the telly and stood up, stretching, before he walked into the kitchen.
‘You don’t guess,’ he pointed out.
about them to such an extent.
holiday to cheer you up."
"Right. So you weren't just thinking about how he acted the day he jumped?"
"But–"
"Hello," she says with a smile.
Sherlock's eyes widened but John, from his submissive position, couldn't observe his face. He didn't see it fill with surprise, nor turn into a frown. Sherlock was puzzled, because he wasn't even aroused by the situation. He expected to feel either nothing, or at least a little bit of excitement from the power play. But he didn't.
Sherlock popped the cork of the bottle and filled the glasses.
"Yup."
Suddenly Molly stood up.
"I need some air," John said, making for the door. As soon as the words were out of his mouth Sherlock was standing before him, blocking the way.
"Hey. What's on your mind?"
John looked up and met the eyes of the young woman who had been having a heated conversation over the phone a while before. She was, indeed, staring at them.
"Oh, you infuriating man...Stand up."
It says: 'Mycroft, you are an idiot.'"
"What is wrong? I'll tell you what's wrong. I was just ditched because of you –
"You're wrong."
Sherlock slid his fingers between his toes and started massaging his sole with his thumb in a way that was both tickling and arousing.
Your brother said your notebook wasn't a cipher, but a question mark. That there was no key to it, because there was no keyhole. At first I thought he was just giving me his smartass reasoning. But in the end, I think he was right.
"No," the woman who had called the kids earlier replied, "but he should be inside."
"Oh, but I am."
I love the menu," she retorts. "Just... not today."
It's cold out. Invigorating. Mary grins.
"Seb's not my–"
"Goodnight," he whispered, and all thoughts of poisons and yearning vanished from his mind.
The blade pierced his shoulder, the gun was pressed against his head, the barrel cold, so cold...
"Stop reading my thoughts!"
Sherlock Holmes
"Yeah. And it's not overlooked."
"So you were on a trip last week, Seb? I didn't see you much at the restaurant."
"Because it leads home," he replies simply.
"The Venuccis, John! The couple, just now."
It turned out they had all been wearing red at one point in the week – something very noticeable, such as a coat or a dress.
"Maggie–"
"Is something bothering you? Maybe I can help."
to the ex-soldier. But then John had implied you were an amateur, and, proud as you were, you'd snapped. You'd turned back into your usual haughty self and showed off your skills, deducing John himself. You truly believed then that you'd spoiled everything – and just when you were thinking you'd never be able to shut up long enough to ever find a flatmate...
"To wake myself up. Here, let me take care of this."
asking."
"Playing? I'm not playing. Not yet. Sit down, John."
"And to think I bleached it for you..." he mumbled, possibly trying to sound cute. The cold man continued, paying no mind whatsoever to the other's theatrics.
"Don't be ridiculous. I will sit too. We have work to do."
"Helped you focus. Yes."
"Perfect! See? We've all got needs and fancies."
"Then I'll bring him back down and have a chat with him here. And leave the door to the bedroom half-open."
"Do you find it exciting?"
indeed spent days sprawled on that couch doing nothing but scribble notes for her to give to his network, rack his brain and play with Toby.
Sherlock removed his hand with a stroke – the last thing he wanted was to upset John. As the doctor played the last notes of the
You didn't ask what he thought you'd ask.
"He told me everything about Irene Adler, except what your relationship with her had been like, exactly."
"I beg your pardon?"
"Oh yes, all this rain! We were rather lucky today, though."
"Dear God, is that the stolen item you were referring to? I thought it was a fake, just some kind of joke my brother played on h-"
Upon waking in the morning, some people don't get up right away. Greg Lestrade was one of those. He always took a little while to move and get going. First, he remained lying in bed, always wondering whether he was awake, half-awake, or not awake at all. His eyes fixed on the ceiling above him in the semi-darkness, his head resting on the pillow, the rough linen gradually feeling more present against his skin – it was all part of a routine. His routine.
"Got no money though..."
John shouted, turning off the water and grabbing a bathrobe as he hurried out of the bathroom. It certainly hadn’t felt that way earlier when Sherlock had hugged him — the bullet must have just grazed him, surely…
‘The man who tried to kill Mrs Leverton.’
John's gaze became distant, but since he was standing behind his partner, the detective missed it.
And with those dramatic words, he left the room. John bade good night to their host, not really knowing what to do, and ran after the detective.
"So someone is just orchestrating it all from the dark?"
"Shut up."
"Nope."
Sherlock snorted and it sent a jolt in the already throbbing manhood. John gasped.
was on top and could make Sherlock stop his devilish touch any time. The sensations were too powerful, and he too addicted.
Sherlock pouted.
"Oh. Right. Well I'll buy you another colour this Christmas."
"Strawberries?" Sherlock snorted in disbelief. But he was too weak to mock John any further.
while he was in tiger form and they were stuck on a train, hearing footsteps clearly coming towards them. With hindsight, John realized that his friend must have even been quite aware that it was Mycroft coming, hence his growls. Then why the kiss? It was so preposterous, not only as a gesture from
"And what would you say?"
"I'm sure Mrs. Hudson put them there! God, John, nobody has the key except her, and you don't find poisoned apples on your doorstep every day!"
I don't feel like I only know a character he built to deceive me; I believe that he was himself, with Chris, with Mary, with me. With you, too, perhaps, though I wouldn't know. I don't think he lied to me about his personality. Hell, he didn't even lie about his job, technically. We just didn't take him seriously when he said he was going around shooting people.
As he held her coat for her, she slipped a card in his pocket.
She stared, stunned and speechless for less than a second. Now she understood where the sense of unease came from.
"Seb–"
. Stupid, stupid...
"All right. Here's what we're going to do. Just wait a minute."
‘Victor. Victor!’
Something like panic fluttered in his stomach, and it made his head swirl because usually panic came with awareness and tension and now he was all relaxed, melting in invisible arms. Panic that couldn't lead to any action, because there was nothing he could do. Nothing but beg and pray. A sense of dread and helplessness overwhelmed him and he clung to the form embracing him – the warm, moving,
"John. John!"
this? You knew I was going to have a nightmare?
know how to cook?"
Rating for this chapter is K+
"Anything else Mary told you?"
"You know, Sherlock, I-"
Damn. He must have been particularly obvious if Sherlock was asking him that instead of resuming his account of the case.
. You concluded that the army doctor's addiction to danger and anything that could thrill him out of his stupor was stronger than you had anticipated. Oh, he certainly got mad and you had fights and argued quite a bit, but he always came back
"What the... You!" He pointed to Sherlock accusingly. John gulped and stood up as well, taking a pre-emptive step towards his friend.
touching him completely blurred the limit between those three planes – his body, his mind, his 'heart'. It made the distinction pointless. It was paradoxically by shattering him to pieces that John managed to merge all those planes and make Sherlock be "one", body and soul.
You squeeze his arm a little and wait until he looks at you again.
For a moment Sherlock lies petrified by the intensity of this gaze. Then he fears whatever this might lead to – note to self, check on Google how to deal with a crying friend – and sits up abruptly, letting go of John's hand.
The words "naked" and "erection" in Sherlock's mouth just sounded wrong. John's eyes snapped open. Sherlock was fully clothed, looking as pristine as ever. Obviously he had been awake for a little while. He did not seem flushed in the slightest, simply giving John a pointed look. John closed his eyes again.
"I beg your pardon?"
"Persuade him to go somewhere else. Go with him. London is not safe for you."
As for Blake... Well. That's another talk we'll need to have. But I don't want you to worry about it now. You'll get used to Mary and Blake just fine, I'm sure. With time.
"I texted Mycroft. He's being taken care of."
"Please don't do this. Stay with me. Sherlock?"
"Good, Sherlock, it's good... breathe more deeply," he murmured while stroking soothing circles with his thumb on the back of the long, white hand that was clutching his.
"Of course you're not. How could you? My little Virgin."
"You'll have a cuppa, won't you?" Mrs. Hudson inquires, already fussing about in her kitchen.
"Hello, John. You are the one who so kindly pointed out you had a phone when we first met. So I thought... I should just phone you."
He sighed in frustration.
The other's grin became cartoon-like, and his eyes twinkled with amusement.
"But still, I'd seen him, Molly had seen him... How could we have not seen this coming? We thought he was doing better!"
Skin was such a strange thing. You couldn't touch without being touched at the same time. Sherlock had never really stopped to notice, for he was more accustomed to touching dead bodies than living ones. Or objects. It had been a very long time since he had touched anything just for the sake of touching it, too. As a child, he remembered experimenting through touching. Discovering. Playing. And with John, he had found that again – something he could not find in anything else, for everything else he touched only as a means to get somewhere.
will pin
"Oh I know you can take care of many tasks yourself," he had chimed back. "But you
needs after all – but not one of them could compete with the detective. John was attracted to women but whilst he enjoyed dating and shagging them, he couldn't picture himself falling in love with one, nor, God forbid, moving in with one. Unless she agreed to move into Baker Street with Sherlock there as well.
"No."
"You don't have to. But the money is yours. And so is the flat."
But his cries only stirred up Sherlock's excitement. John's hoarse voice, his erratic breathing, his hardened nipples, his glazed over eyes... Sherlock wanted more of it all, wanted to devour him with desperation. His hands glided up John's torso possessively, kneading and pinching and stroking to arouse. His touch was far from gentle and his kisses alternated with bites and licks, making John feel like some very appetizing meal.
Sherlock released him suddenly and he drew a sharp breath, wheezing erratically. The panic had exhilarated him and his trembling body was now so sensitive he could feel every inch of his skin crawl, throbbing in anticipation, craving the touch. His head was spinning and he had no strength left to fight back.
"What do you mean, dear?" Mrs. Hudson insists. Then suddenly appalled: "Are you planning on moving out?" she asks the both of you.
look like a rat even when they're dry."
John blinks. "Yes, but I–"
"No!" you exclaim.
"That's not what I'm asking."
"No. I'm not staying."
John blushed furiously.
Sherlock wavered a bit before asking:
John froze. Sherlock did have parents, right?
Rating for this chapter is T.
Relishing the thought of completing 'the Grave Ritual' today, you type on your keyboard briskly. The sharp ticktock of the clock snaps you out of the case you are writing about as it strikes 3 P.M. Damn it, you're late again. Since you didn't work at the clinic today you just gathered information and wrote all day, completely losing track of time. Leaving your laptop, you grab your coat and run out of the flat. Your phone rings as you reach the street and you glance at the screen – Lestrade. You pick up.
"John! It's a pleasure to see you."
Sherlock growled, but under John's death glare, he scoffed and went to stand proudly inside the case. Mycroft stared.
You'd chosen hell.
"God, you infuriating... If you want blood, you will have blood."
"It's such a pleasure finally meeting you," Elsie said, snapping John out of his thoughts some time later, as they were driving with Mrs. Cubitt through the countryside, which turned out to be a lovely sight indeed. They'd been chatting for half an hour or so, and John was getting more and more amazed at his friend's acting skills. He had also come to the realization that he found Sherlock much more endearing as his usual asocial, careless and clueless self, rather than as the perfect guest and agreeable man he was presently pretending to be. In other words, he preferred him when insufferable and candid, and not so boringly friendly and charming.
There were
"You make it so obvious," she went on, glancing at the name on the bottle. Then she looked up into his eyes. "Everyone who cares to look would know he's your Achilles' heel."
"Just shorter," the ex-soldier grumbled before closing the door behind him.
Mycroft nodded and turned to John.
"No of course not, that's–"
So... does he know?"
"Don't lie, John," Sherlock cut in, fairly annoyed. "I could tell you felt awkward, and you suddenly jumped back when I reminded you that you were naked."
That's when he noticed the fingers tapping on Sherlock's left knee. He had been so focused on the right hand holding the gun that he couldn't tell when his friend had started this, but he knew right away that they were notes. The twitch was the same as when Sherlock was playing the violin. Was he doing this intentionally? John couldn't tell. But he had to find out which musical score was playing in his flatmate's head in order to match it with his dance – to show him that he too could understand him and
The detective felt a shiver run down his spine, but shook it away and abruptly took the toast from John's hand, biting at it feverishly, devouring it.
John rolled his eyes.
"Alone is what I have, alone protects me."
"Oh, he'll come round eventually," replied Sherlock with a wide grin.
She sighs. "Mrs. Hudson will kill me. Look at what I did!" She shows John her knitting.
"Good. Well, then, your room or mine?"
And it is. You did tell him: the best way to hide a lie and make it believable is to coat it with the truth. Now as for the lie...
people – but he was very capable of feeling. Which was, according to Moriarty and Mycroft, his greatest weakness. It was funny how, to John, Sherlock had seemed so insensible, whereas to them, it was almost as if he'd been the soppiest of romantics. As it turned out, they'd all been wrong. "I knew what you were asking, and I accepted."
Sherlock blinked.
John's eyes widen. He moves towards Seb but is too far, too slow. The sniper has already mouthed the gun and shot himself.
"Missed me?" he inquires with a grin.
why. They didn't think I could have friends either."
"It was a silhouette. I couldn't see their face, they walked so fast past me."
They face each other for a moment.
She doesn't hide the flash of pain traversing her gaze, but John doesn't see it. He's too deeply entangled in that, too.
"I just suggested it, John. What does that tell you?" he snarled. His tone was so biting John blinked.
Harry, what are
"But surely he must have told you."
"Hahaha! Can you believe it? That civilian life can be more tiring than the war?"
Looking at his own reflection in the mirror as he shaves, he ponders the thought. If he hadn't met Sherlock at that time, if 'nothing' had kept happening to him, he probably would have ended up shooting himself. Thanks to the consulting detective, he probably will never put his handgun to such use – because now "handgun" is linked to cases, adventures, near-death situations with crazy cabbies and giant, vampire-like assassins.
"The Grand Hotel of Singapore. A luxury hotel, one among the several my wife's family, and now I, own."
"Sherlock. I need you to tell me what's wrong."
In a heartbeat, Sherlock realized in what turmoil John was, and that he would never be able to help if he held him just to get on faster with the case.
"You're lying to me," she said, realizing it as soon as she voiced it. He looked at her coolly.
Behind the practical, matter-of-fact tone, John wondered if he did not hear some insecurity. Then he remembered Maggie's awful words, and slapped himself mentally.
John gave him a lovely pout, though he was probably unaware of how cute it made him look. Sherlock smirked.
He never saw Harry cry. Not when their parents died – she disappeared for a month. Not when he went to war. Not when he came back wounded. Not when her marriage collapsed.
Victor had the decency to look at him, and held his gaze.
you retorted.
now? His cheeks flamed up and he noticed that even though he didn't blush, the fur of his face still bristled, probably making him look even plushier. He was glad Sherlock's attention was fixed on the screen. Getting a hold of himself, he shook his head and resumed typing.
Well, too bad. I'll order Chinese. I'll have the Szechuan Beef with the House special rice please."
He knew his words were harsh, and considering his current position, could be construed in a terrible way; but that was precisely the point. He had to make Sherlock run away from here before Moriarty could do anything to him.
"I know. Don't you think there are many ways to love? And I'm not talking about love and friendship and all that bullshit. I mean... To me, we love each and every person differently. You can't put a label on it, not everything can be put into neat little boxes with names such as 'true love', 'tenderness' and whatnot. I guess if you're good with words, you can always apply a few to your relationship with someone – but just a few, special names. A certain combination. Every combination is different, like every person is different. It's all right."
"Nothing. Bad dream."
"Still no answer?" Harry asks for the umpteenth time that day. She's been worrying herself to distraction and Chris has tried to soothe her down all night.
John frowned back.
"Sherlock?"
Sherlock frowned as John struggled against him, trying to free his hands from the belt. He blushed. He'd begun this struggling game to prove a point, but with the ex-soldier now writhing under him, face flushed and pupils dilated, he was quite distracted and losing track of the original plan.
To his surprise, the tiger did not growl, nor did he snarl or scoff. He simply forced the doctor back into his chair and put his two front paws, as well as half his weight, on his lap. John stared.
221B, Baker Street, W1U 8EQ, London
"Too much
"Aah! Sherlock!" The wail escapes his lips before John can even formulate the thought – and hearing his own wanton voice makes him ashamed. Much harder, too.
"Well, you're more honest than him."
In the end though, you figured it out. The drug in the fog."
Sebastian shrugged.
You nod a little stiffly.
"Is it?" He's frowning slightly now, so Mary goes up to him and kisses him to assuage him.
The  hardest part had been not to let John know. If he had, there was no  doubt he wouldn't have approved of such a "dangerous" plan, unless he  was to serve as bait himself.
"Yes, but I'm taking a paternity leave starting Monday, so you don't have to worry about that."
"John, I–"
a person. You can pretend and believe you do, but you can never know – because it's another person and you're not in their head, not under their skin, not in their blood pumped by heart beats, not in the air of their lungs... John took a deep breath. This was crazy. It would definitely kill him.
"Oh, yes. You are, aren't you? But you're bored, too." His eyes caught hers and he did not let them go. His face broke into a grin. "You can't stop now, can you? Not now that you've had a taste of it. It's too much fun! You won't deny it." He had folded the letter and had sealed it as if it were of any importance at all; Eliska knew it wasn't, knew he was only putting on a show. And she'd watched, mesmerized.
Sherlock put a hand on Victor's shoulder, squeezed a little, and left. Where could have John possibly gone? He couldn't open the bedroom door alone, that was for sure. Perhaps he hadn't wanted to be around when the ambulance arrived, so as to avoid drawing attention. It was true it was illegal to keep a manul as a pet, and people were more sensitive about protected felids in this region.
he pondered, not wanting his partner to make it an excuse to act even more like a jerk on a daily basis. He could picture it so well:
"I was surprised at how easy I was let in," Seb commented, pacing the room and looking around as if he were in a museum. "Do you often receive men in your rooms at this hour of the night?"
"Only partly."
"Why are you bringing him up so often?" he asked curiously.
"And I said you're not."
He blinked.
"Oh come on, don't tell me you've never heard of Winnie the Pooh?"
"Anything on the menu for you and your friends!"
"No, no... I had just heard–"
B.L.U.E. 2-11 / 20-5. No, she wouldn't get it, your brain confirms.
"I can see it on your face," Sherlock whispered in an unwittingly (or not so unwittingly?) sultry voice.
"But we've come all the way here! I want you to show me."
Shh. It's okay. I fell in love with a man in love with another guy. You're not to blame here. And again, I
"But that's absurd!"
"Well, I came by on Wednesday, but you were closed."
John put the note down dully. Who was Henry?
situation: the kidnapping, John securely tied to a chair, and
He pressed his erection against John's thigh, and the doctor moaned in despair, well aware that him struggling with his wrists tied up and a belt around his neck couldn't be very intimidating.
"But surely you want the best for him too, right?"
"No, stop! You don't have to do this. Please. This is too much for you."
"Less than a month."
And to show that
His tone is not more cutting than it used to be, but so different from what he sounded like just a moment ago that you cannot help but wince. You weren't trying to be his therapist. You just wanted to–
"No I'm coming in."
"How unfitting! He never told me."
Mary rolled her eyes.
He realized Sherlock couldn't possibly guess all that from his silly gestures, so he even turned the computer towards him, and typed his thoughts for Sherlock to read. The detective's face lit up again and he nodded.
His fingers on you move slowly, up and down, and you can't say it's unpleasant; but you remain despairingly soft in his hand. You swallow. John's mouth curves up against yours.
"The letter?"
He feels sick.
"Your head is in the clouds lately."
"I  don't know what you want to hear from me, John. I can't say I want to  sleep with you – but I wouldn't mind. I... When I'm on a case, or when  I'm home, I... it's good to have you around. When you examine me, or  when you accidentally – or not so accidentally – touch me... I don't  mind."
"I don't," Sherlock said.
"More than a nightmare."
Mary looks down at her tea. "Is it?" she says casually.
The alert alarm in your brain drilled through the pain and told you this was a nightmare and that now would be a good time to wake up. But something primal, fervid and
"No! I always top with a woman, so I don't squirm and I don't babble and I don't–"
Sebastian dragged on his cigarette once more. The blue smoke he blew seemed white in the darkness of the room.
Sherlock should have asked. He should have talked to the man more often, answered him more often, perhaps. They had become so close in the past three years. It was strange. It felt as if he had known Seb all his life, but he hadn't, he clearly hadn't. Sebastian knew everything about him. Sherlock too, of course, as far as the facts were concerned. Chronologically, he knew everything about Seb's life.
Elsie retired for the night quite early, but the men remained in the little parlour, chatting.
"I'm sorry, I shouldn't have–"
"Was it the train ride? Or the car maybe? You should've told me you weren't feeling well."
"Food," Sherlock said. Then, at John's stare, he developed: "He hates airplane food."
"Tell me."
"But Sherlock, what if someone comes by?"
"Here he is. Redford, Charles Benjamin, Rank... 1st Lieutenant, Age 26."
Yet another pang of guilt. John hadn't done anything about that. When Lestrade had come to him, so
"Yes? Please do come in."
This time his flatmate's reaction was much more dramatic. His eyes widened and he stepped back in disbelief before sending him a death glare. John glared back. They had a staring contest for a few seconds before Sherlock changed his strategy and went for the puppy eyes.
"The fall."
here."
caring when Sherlock was so clearly the person he only ever cared about. Sherlock had always wondered why Mycroft hadn't been closer to their mother; then he'd realized it wasn't
"So? Are you hungry?"
"Thank God I know you're not gay, or I would've been rather hurt to find someone else's clothes in your bed, darling," she murmurs, and you can't tell if her tone is tantalizing or threatening. Both, perhaps. She looks at the shirt closely.
Moriarty on the other hand seemed to get it very well. His smile widened and he burst out laughing.
"Can't you at least use yours?" John snapped.
would go through?"
"What are you saying?"
"Uhm?"
"How do you-"
John stared, unsure of the meaning of Sherlock's words. Moriarty would not attempt to kill Sherlock before he was ready to die himself? What in the world did that mean? But most of all, such reasoning meant that if John were to die, Sherlock would die as well; that if John were to be defiled and broken, he would be too, and would never want to continue the Work, no matter how important it was to him. He would stop everything, and be so broken himself he would no longer be entertaining to Moriarty. John shivered.
"I know," she moaned lamentably.
John pouted, slightly offended. He'd been staying by Sherlock's side all this time, thinking things over and over, and the remark was a little too cutting.
Victor let go abruptly, and they shared a look John could not understand. He felt his own heart sink.
"We're getting a divorce."
"What is
Gus? A third kid? John swallowed uneasily.
"And of course this sudden burst of guilt has nothing to do with the fact that she saw you kissing me this morning."
"What... Sherlock, where are you going?"
You smile, but do not wait. You know he will be right behind you.
"Yes?"
To another shore line
"Because I can never love you."
Donovan threw her hands up the air.
"I would have never jeopardized your life, Sherlock."
. - A bit. It won't happen again.
"I was happy to meet your sister," she says out of the blue. "I really like her."
On December 31, 1833, the French romantic poet Alfred de Musset and his lover, the female writer George Sand, shared room number 13 in the Hotel Danieli, Venice. Their stormy affair marked the place forever, even after they left merely three months later. Today the room had changed and was much more luxurious, but retained the melancholy charm of its history.
For an insane second, John thought:
Sherlock scowled, looking offended, then sent John an obvious look.
"Like to so many other things."
"You're going to walk back with a hard-on?"
Maybe he really would have shot him then. Or at least knocked him out. But not now.
"Fine, fine! It wasn't a reproach, Sherlock."
"Sorry. Look, Mary, there's something you must know–"
"What was your nightmare about?" he asked, as quietly as John had told him to turn around. The movement of the shower head came to a halt and Sherlock could positively feel John stiffen from the tension it conveyed to the water through the shower he was holding.
"Let me hold him, Danny!"
You don't answer. John's fingers on your thigh and groin are burning you. You feel a cold within you, deep down your chest, that you finally recognize as fear; but you do not know what it is that you fear.
"No, not at all! And you brought those delicious pastries from that bakery. Dear, you have to stop that, or we'll both get fat."
"Do you love him?" he asked.
The man stopped in his track and seemed absolutely appalled at having run into a lady.
"He didn't."
She put down her glass and stood up sharply. "What, then?" she asked, starting to pace the room. She stopped the CD. "Is it really about
"Pack? Why? Where are you going?"
He was almost purring, but soon seemed to come back to his senses, and panicked again.
which usually involved a good deal of
"And what if I did?" she mumbles. "I'm hungry."
"All right. I'll put the television on for you, if you'd like."
"And that is relevant because...?" John inquired.
Yes, that's right."
"Not Anderson..." he muttered in distress. John's free hand came to caress his brow and stroke the curls away, assuaging and loving.
This time, John saw the feral glow lighting up the detective's eyes. The pale blue irises were black with desire. His lips were parted, but his teeth clenched as if it helped dealing with the pain. His heaving chest was glistening with sweat. In the soft candlelight Sherlock was shining, blazing with an ardour John hadn't thought him capable of. Not in such a situation. Not during sex.
Mrs. Hudson rolled her eyes as she went to the kitchen with the scones. Mycroft turned to Mary. She was wearing dungarees – orange, pinkish ones. Her hair was rather thin, and so was her entire silhouette. John had had better looking girlfriends in the past; yet for some reason he could not explain, Mycroft found her beautiful. A very strange feeling blossomed in the pit of his stomach as she flashed him an unalloyed, if tired, smile. A feeling very close to pity.
"Tetley?"
"No! Well, I don't know... That's not the issue here!"
A gleeful grin spreads on Moriarty's features.
The doctor's ministrations kept eliciting growls from him and he hated the fact that he couldn't complain – expostulating was fine as long as he could formulate
"Aw, come on. Don't take me for an idiot.
"Your work is the most important thing to you, right? You are happy with it, aren't you?"
"Fair-haired? Isn't that a stupid name? What if his hair is not–"
"Of course you are. But I'm not sure John would appreciate finding you alone with me in your birthday suit. He seemed quite... territorial."
look like an abandoned puppy.
‘I wasn’t wrong,’ he snapped, and he was trying not to be irritated at everyone’s stupidity but John was
"Mycroft could lie to me. I just didn't consider it because there was no motive. What did he tell you?"
"Look, John, if I can do anything–"
John's face unwittingly lights up and breaks into a grin. Completely oblivious to Rebecca's arched eyebrow and scowl, he corrects:
"I was."
Sherlock got out of bed but did not walk up to his violin case. Instead, he started pacing the room, like a tiger in a cage.
"Aren't we talking?"
"I feed upon it and extinguish it"
"Is he back to sleep?"
"Only you could be so twistedly poetic," he murmured against his friend's mouth, and was startled to feel it pressed against his own with desperation.
For the past few weeks, Molly Hooper has been stalking him. Maybe even before, but John had not noticed. It would have been funny and even sweet if she had been someone else. If she did not belong to another time, too.
Inside the bar, Cathy just exchanged a nonplussed look with Jerry.
John looks pained, but does not insist.
"So? What marvellous 'stuff' was worth leaving me here?" Sherlock inquired.
. If a manul could blush, John's fluffy cheeks would have been crimson by now.
"Yeah, probably."
. Jubilant, he finished mopping the water up and ran to his room.
"Sherlock. Are you ready to tell me what's going on?"
There was another significant piece, one he particularly liked – although his flatmate very rarely played it, as it was supposed to be for two violins. John had been very surprised and very pleased to hear him play it the first time, because it was his favourite classical piece – the only one he truly knew before meeting Sherlock. It was quite famous. His mother had read in some magazine that classical music enhanced the development of a child, and so she had bought that "Best of" mix, with pieces that had nothing to do with each other all on the same CD. Needless to say, John highly doubted it had made them smarter and more well-behaved children. It didn't give them a passion for classical music either. But there was that one piece – just one – that John really liked. Bach's
"No sane person will ever agree to marry you without going out with you first and getting to know you."
"Oh, so you finally concluded the divorce then? Of course, that was a while ago, but it wasn't with her you'd gone on holiday that time you joined us on the Baskerville case."
John's breath caught in his throat. In the other room, there was only silence. Why was Sherlock staying silent?
it turns out from the handwriting that A = V - the
At the words, John's eyes snapped open and he glanced at his friend, then at his hand, and back at his face.
"Yes, or so you've said."
"Thanks."
"Sorry I–"
"Good morning. What may I do for you?"
"About apples?"
"A headache. I'm giving him a headache, he says! Do you know how many people
"It matters not how strait the gate, how charged with punishments the scroll."
said about
When they're all settled at the kitchen table, he goes on:
"How... Why... Wait. Was
"Shut up. I don't expect you to understand. You don't understand much, do you?"
"But... in the end, it was never about IOU, was it?" you ask eventually.
John leant in, caressing Sherlock's scalp and playing with his locks, waving his torso and swaying softly. Rocking both of their bodies, he pulled his friend gently into the dance with him. His right hand's fingers hadn't left the nape of his neck. Sherlock's shaking wasn't getting any better, but it didn't impair his playing of the second violin on John's torso – his quivering hand was, in truth, all the more enticing.
"Can't you just answer me properly instead of doing it in your head?"
"As an ex-soldier, John enjoyed helping me with cases – still does, I believe. You must understand he got used to the thrill at war, and he missed the whole sense of adventure, and even, perhaps, the danger."
He should not have been so concerned. His reaction to John's touch was becoming more and more spontaneous. Soon he kissed back, and it was all hunger, a thirst begging to be quenched, and the seizing of what he wanted with voracity. His hands started moving on John's lower parts again and the pain in his arm was rendered irrelevant, a merely peripheral sensation. The poor doctor wriggled and moaned helplessly into the shrewd embrace, his body betraying his own lust. Soon he was thrusting his pelvis down shamelessly, wailing in Sherlock's mouth and screaming as he suddenly arched his back and gasped for air: his body went rigid for less than a second before it was racked with spasms. Sherlock kept fingering and pumping as he held the small writhing body, enjoying how John's skin was glistening with sweat, his brow drenched, his lips parted in a desperate attempt to breathe.
to boot! Last time it'd been at night – and with Sherlock, too, always at night. Which was a good thing, since John had no idea how he'd hide a tiger in their flat during the day - especially if said tiger was in fact an infuriating consulting detective who couldn't keep still in one place and was bored to death the moment the Work was on hiatus.
"Did you just beg me?"
"Then why–"
"Here," she says, stepping back and handing him the notebook. "He didn't give it to me directly, probably because he knew I wouldn't have accepted it and would have told him to give it to you himself."
He could tell from the look on his face that John was not following. He repressed an annoyed sigh.
From then onwards, they met regularly at what really became "their" pub. Every time John asked more and more about Sherlock. The poor man was obviously obsessed. Greg couldn't blame him. He answered his questions when he could, told him about Sherlock's past cases. It was painful to see how John drank his words, appeared to physically
"Hello, Dr. Barnicot? I am Inspector Dimmock. Can we come in?"
But seriously, what was it doing here? Did it escape from a zoo? He'd have to check that online later – for now, he had to stop the irritating wailing or the stupid cat would end up waking up the whole street. John went to the medical cabinet to pick some morphine and bandages, but still held the gun firmly as he walked up the stairs. Carefully, he opened the door to his room and turned the light on. The tiger was still lying on the floor, and stopped wailing the second John came in the room. He stared at it: what the hell? Was it just
John swallows but, unsurprisingly, complies. Sherlock watches him and waits. Let's bet. Seven or eight?
"You transformed because you came to cuddle last night even though you did not feel like it. You shouldn't have come."
"Why's that?"
And he had kissed him with unquestionable passion.
When he saw John wasn't at the vending machine, he frowned in annoyance.
He pales when he sees how content John looks. How blissfully he slackens on the mattress. He does not speak for a long while. Then, out of the blue:
"Why did you come, then?"
Was that it, then? The final problem. Had Jim sent Sherlock to hell so he would gain a certain knowledge, and freedom? What knowledge? What freedom? She opened her eyes.
"What was his name?"
"I'm fine. Thank you."
"Now I know all about it," says the blackbird, and off he flew; and that's how the blackbirds make their nests to this very day.
Sherlock shivered, and looked away, trying not to break now. It wasn't the right time. But he'd been scared, so scared...
"Sherlock, are you really all right?"
"But you've never even tried!"
You nod voicelessly.
Gently, Mary comes and snuggles up to him, kissing him on the temple. "It's fine. You know me. I was just curious."
The fact that the manul looked so goofy contributed greatly to Sherlock's affection and interest. Cats were okay, but they were dull. A manul was nowhere
"Greg..." you warn. You don't need Sherlock to hear that. He probably already knows. There's no need to rub it in his face. He's back now. And it's all that matters.
"You will go back to London eventually, we both know it," he said.
Mary hugs Mrs. Hudson gaily.
"But Doctor..."
"See what?"
"Yes I do," he said with his sing-song voice. Then his expression became grave again. "You won't deny me this, Liska."
as if it were the most natural thing in the world.
"Sit," John ordered.
Now, he knew how to play.
She pouts as she closes and locks the door behind her.
"Hey Blake! Did uncle Sherlock take good care of you?"
She's right to some extent. There's no reason anyone would be targeting her as Mary Morstan – but as your wife? Why would anyone care now, though? Sherlock is dead. Targeting you can no longer get to him.
Are you wearing any pants? - No. - OK. At Buckingham Palace, fine. Oh, I'm seriously fighting an impulse to steal an ashtray.
As Sherlock opened his eyes filled with tears, he saw it wasn't Mycroft he was holding anymore, but a stranger with blue eyes and greyish blond hair. He looked nothing like Mycroft. Yet Sherlock kept screaming and screaming and punching the man brokenly, more and more unconvincingly, until he fell on him and curled on himself, exhausted, sobbing.
"The Mafia didn't."
The room was erased and the whip and Moriarty's laughter, but John's screams still echoed in your mind.
"I know: you'll be bored. We'll try to find something. But we're not leaving before the doctors say you can."
"What? No!"
"I never said such a thing. I said he was found dead."
"Don't be ridiculous. I just don't appreciate riding them much."
At this, Ron burst out laughing.
. Talk about ambivalent sentiments. He was scared to death that this wouldn't work, that Sherlock would still leave and end his life in some sickly elaborate way. Yet he craved his touch his lips the feel of his skin against his own... Face filled with pain and yearning, he pulled the cane slightly down his bare chest, the bottom of it just above his nipple, and ran his hands over the stick as if it were the last remains of a deceased lover. He leant his chin against it and almost winced at the touch but still pressed it closer and closer, pulling it back down, emitting a soft moan when it grazed his nipple and rubbed on his bandaged cut, pain and pleasure interwoven. A broken chuckle escaped his lips.
"Hello, dear! I've just met Detective Inspector Lestrade downstairs and he said you were kidnapped this morning! I hope you weren't badly hurt – I mean this is common business with Sherlock, but..."
"You're just confused. This is mere chemistry, Sherlock."
"Chris told me you were getting a divorce.”
Just once, can you two behave like grown-ups? - We solve crimes, I blog about it and he forgets his pants, so I wouldn't hold out too much hope.
Sherlock internally scoffed and showed the man Lestrade's badge.
"Goodbye," he murmured, staring back up at the fires. Then, in a louder voice that made the couple next to them jump: "Cheers!" He drank his cup down in one go.
"Nice to meet you."
"You weren't listening to me," he said facetiously.
A/N: Characters
The smell of the flat is different. The two mugs on the kitchen table are telling a new story. But you still don't know which.
He could hear John rambling downstairs and a sudden thump told him he must have kicked something. Most likely a chair, since Sherlock could locate him in the kitchen and he wouldn't dare kick the table, which was covered with files and tubes – and his microscope too. The detective was trying to occupy his mind to distract it from the pain. Why wasn't John coming back? Even if he didn't care for his well-being, as he wasn't aware of
"Then please go back to Chris, who's very fair to you, I'm sure. And don't come back!"
Mycroft looked back at her.
"No no no, I'll be fine." Nowhere in the world. "Thank you for your time and my apologies again."
"No more wailing? I thought you were hurt."
"I'll need time."
"John."
predicted? That you would win and shoot me, or...?"
He tapped his fingers on the trembling man's shoulder, accentuating each word.
John finds Chris especially stunning tonight, and Harry keeps sending him looks that clearly tell him: Do not touch. That one's taken. Which is utterly ridiculous, because Chris is gay, and John wouldn't go for his sister's wife anyway, for Christ's sake!
His voice saves John. It gives him back the use of his vocal chords, as a pair of full lips presses against the side of his neck and kisses its way down his collarbone. John arches his back with a sigh, exposing his torso, revelling in the warmth of the hands roaming over his skin. He wishes they'd merge into his abdomen, wishes he could swallow them all, hands, fleshy lips and dark curls, so there would be only one flesh, only one man; only one soul.
"Chad? You're joking."
"How is the temperature?"
Brushing his bright red hair, she laughed whole-heartedly.
But before you can decide whether exploding now is a good idea, Sherlock does the most stupid, unforgivable thing you've ever seen him do.
"I see," she finally says, after a short pause.
"Will you let me show you something?" Sherlock whispered against his lips.
John stared.
"I'm sorry I had nothing else to offer but the truth," he murmured, and wondered what it was he had to offer John. Thrill, for sure. Adventure. And what else?
He watches John take the pills one by one, the wine sip by sip, one glass after the other. He watches him refill his glass. Watches him open the second bottle. Watches as his movements slow down. Watches as he struggles to open the third box of pills. Watches as he passes out, a smile on his face.
"Shut up! You too, all of you! God, I'm going mad..."
that he was memorizing all of it, engraving it in his mind for some incomprehensible reason, because why would he want to crowd his hard drive with such rubbish? It made John want to cry.
It angered Mycroft to no end because his beloved, gifted younger brother kept risking his life as if it were nothing, all because he couldn't stand boredom.
They fell silent. Then, of course, Seb began to speak again.
"Fine. I'm fine. Let's order a cab to go to the sister's house this afternoon."
There is something strange and uncomfortable about holding John's son like this. John's son. Sherlock shifts uneasily from one foot to the other.
"I meant ugly, Sherlock."
"I like fishy."
Several courses of action crossed his mind.
"Oh."
Ignoring the sinking feeling and refusing to acknowledge the hope he'd had, he was about to close the door when suddenly he felt something brush against his leg, something soft and
"What are you doing?"
"You did?" Mary blinks. She hasn't heard anything. Then again, she's been talking to herself aloud...
"If you called me here just to tell me this, then I have better things to do," Sherlock cut in, standing up and ready to leave. He had a few things to get at the hotel before going to Baker Street.
"Oh. Mycroft gave it to me. Well. Sort of. He gave it to Mrs. Hudson who gave it to Mary who gave it to me."
"It does look wild," George grumbled, and John could have sworn Sherlock stifled a chuckle.
"I thought we would order dinner," Sherlock told her flatly.
"Nice touch, the blond hair... Miss Hooper."
If you say so."
The manul froze, as did Victor. The two men were so engrossed in each other that they hadn't noticed him coming back. John averted his gaze. Seeing Sherlock like this, and Victor, so open, his expressions raw, was too much. Their closeness was too much. There was no denying it, John did feel jealous. Or, perhaps, envious. Hadn't he, after all, prided himself in being Sherlock's closest friend? Wasn't
"Yes, thanks. What did you drink?"
He wished he knew more about his friend's past, but did not dare ask too much. He feared he would not understand what had truly mattered for Sherlock, or that Sherlock would not believe that he could understand. And perhaps he would be right. Still, John felt strangely exposed in his partner's presence: Sherlock had unveiled part of his life from the very first glance, and John was well aware that every day, his enveloping gaze would see right through him. Sherlock's eyes could read him, but his couldn't read Sherlock. And John found it increasingly frustrating.
John jumped to his feet and put his two paws on Sherlock's hand, sending him a pleading look.
"Oh, there you are!" she goes one, pushing past her husband. "Hi, I'm Mary. I heard a lot about you. But you already know that."
"John! John!"
His tone was cold, but dreadfully honest. Irene stared.
He starts to walk away.
Victor Trevor was an important person in the Holmes's history. There was a reason Mycroft had mentioned him, and only him, when he had questioned John about his relationship with Sherlock.
Mary nods, a big grin splattered on her tired face. She's glad she wore her salmon-coloured dungarees today. When the doorbell rings, she's almost ready to pounce. But Mrs. Hudson gives her a look, and so she settles for jumping to her feet. The landlady goes to open the door.
cheating on you, moron! And we did not kill her, rather we were almost killed trying to find out who her murderer was!"
He shook his head and tried not to dwell on the thought too much. He pressed a button to get an espresso, then turned his attention back to his mobile. Had Sherlock been a girlfriend, John would have typed:
You rolled and fell off the bed, gasping for air. It took you almost a minute to catch your breath, lying on the floor and trembling. You closed your eyes, swallowing with some difficulty. This just couldn't be allowed to continue. You wouldn't allow it.
"What?"
"I would be terrified by a breast-less woman with a penis, if that's what you're saying. But in case you haven't noticed, you're a man."
"I don't guess."
"We're doing well, thank you very much," John snapped back.
on Sherlock. That was preposterous.
"Who else? There's only ever been him," she spat. Sebastian couldn't repress a smile. "You find it funny? You were just a tool, too. A tool and a toy. He never gave a damn. You're no better than me, all you ever had was the pleasure to be played with."
You don't know if this is PTSD. You don't care for the medical name. It means nothing. Just words to put on symptoms. All you know is that Sherlock is in pain. All you know is that Sherlock is lost.
John had also showed signs of self-deprecation. On the one hand, he had tended to keep the conversation case-related, even though the setting should have made him more inclined to a personal discussion. On the other hand, when they did talk about the case, John's ridiculous inferiority complex came back full force. Sherlock had always dominated their conversations when they talked about the Work, that was nothing new. In fact, more often than not, he dominated the conversation, full stop. But not always. And in their current situation, Sherlock was the one outside his zone of comfort, not John. It was a chance for the ex-soldier to take the lead, for once.
"Oh is it, now?" John retorted idly, blowing his warm breath across the white skin of his friend's neck, sneaking a lightning hand to his torso and squeezing a nipple.
Sherlock blinked.
"Yes. You're still eating."
The kiss too kept intriguing John. He just couldn't let it go. A question was burning his lips, something he terribly wanted to find out but could only ask himself... and yet the consequences of the answer might be too much to bear for him. He wondered if he truly was attracted to Sherlock or not. Whether he really could imagine himself sleeping with a male partner. It was becoming clearer and clearer that he was most definitely in love with Sherlock, but that did not imply he could sleep with a man. Ever. Even if it was Sherlock.
"Quiet, John," he retorted, ignoring the indignant scoff of his
"What?" Moran asked, perplexed.
. Just like Sherlock cared about John now.
"Sherlock, it isn't funny!" he exclaimed, quite outraged.
"Have you two become closer lately, perhaps?" Mycroft interrupted.
"I'm sorry," he said precipitately. "I didn't mean..."
"Sherlock, this isn't about–"
But when John started playing with his nose and his cheeks again, he scowled and sent him one of his death glares that looked ridiculously adorable when he was having them with such dishevelled hair and a slight blush on his face. Be it anger or embarrassment, it just made John want to eat him all up.
She frowned slightly. You took a sip of Champagne and grimaced a little, your upper lip curling in disdain, and went on.
years? John would be in his fifties already. Would he still bother with chases and life-threatening situations? And what about family? Sherlock certainly couldn't give him that. If John stayed with him, he would never get
"How do you feel?"
"Hello, I'm Mike. Nice to meet you, Mrs. Cubitt."
They stared at each other heatedly. John kept glancing at one, then the other, not quite sure how he should intervene, if at all.
him to understand!" Sherlock exploded. Now that he'd burst out, he could no longer stop himself. He shook off John's embrace and stepped back. Still he could not find the words; they choked him, burning his chest and throat with shame and a sense of betrayal. He closed his eyes and breathed in deeply.
Sherlock watched her fingers slide along the bottle of Champagne, and thought. "Not many care," he said at last. Then he arched an eyebrow at her. "'Jim'?"
She knocked on the living-room door very, very delicately, and pushed the door open before Mary even moved from the armchair in which she had been reading a newspaper. She was wearing white pyjamas under a huge woollen jumper that must have been beige once but whose colour was now quite undefinable. She had bags under her eyes but there was no trace of tension on her face and overall she looked rather tranquil. And startled.
A small, small smile lights up Sherlock's face, and you stare, dazzled. "Not only. He wanted to show me how superior he was to me. Wanted to show me that if I chose this way of life, then I couldn't contend with him. He was right. We both knew it wasn't quite true. Hence the problem. The final problem. Is it worth it? Living. Deep down, is it worth it? And if it is, how is it worth it? If the answer is to live, then... how? I had a choice. Two possible ways of life, quite different. It turned out I didn't pick the one Moriarty would have been satisfied with."
"Stop being upset about it," he murmured, pulling the manul towards him and stroking his fur gently.
"I'm sorry it turned out to be such an unpleasant drive. I guess you didn't get to enjoy the scenery very much..."
"We found Sherlock's last will in the flat."
"Would you like any dessert?" Sherlock reformulated patiently.
Now hair conditioner. Blind, that's definitely what they were. Or just in denial. But she couldn't fathom
"Through the woods."
Sherlock looked at the pile of clothes and artefacts on the floor – all that remained of his disguise.
. He let out a silent, shaky breath.
"Were you?"
"I won't. Good night, Mummy."
Sherlock arched his back and felt his whole body tense at once before shattering into a scream that unveiled the night, joining the shadows and shimmers in their dance. The kick was stronger than anything he'd ever experienced with cocaine. All the muscles that he'd clenched at his apex suddenly slackened and he was propelled to a higher sea, in a higher world. He pulled on the leash, brought his partner's lips to his, and let out in a whisper: "John."
They looked at each other, and broke into giggles. A sense of relief washed over Greg. He was glad, so glad that John had called him.
But procrastinating in bed, unless he was in good company for some specific physical activities, wasn't something he indulged in. And John certainly did not remember having gone to bed with a woman last night.
"Beppo? Yes, well I'm sure he's all right." He looked a bit nervous. "Has he done something?"
the question."
The doctor just ignore the uncertainty in his tone, and just kept holding him tight, not squeezing, not stroking him, but keeping his arms wrapped around his flatmate securely.
Sherlock was piercing him with his gaze and seemed to be hanging on his every word. John grinned.
"No."
, by Peter Green - and compared its state with
"Was this milk? With...
Mary's eyes light up.
Moran blinked, then shrugged and untied his annoying flatmate.
She dried her tears with a handkerchief and drank again. "Oh, I did. I did. But he called me John!" She giggled helplessly. "What could I do? I tried hard enough. Not giving up would have been too humiliating at some point."
"What was the problem, then?" Cathy grumbles, clearly tired of trying to understand her ex. "If he's a wonderful husband and loving and respectful and great at sex..."
"Did it hurt?" Mary asks.
There are some equations still, and notations that must have something to do with chemistry, for you recognize some signs from the periodic table.
"I've always been interested in women," she replied smoothly. "And my husband is interested in every attractive human body, I'm afraid. Well, not children, thankfully. But let's say our marriage is quite free."
"I... I don't know..." John stammered.
"Please enter your code."
"And, is he still in London? Your brother."
"That's the problem, isn't it," Mary grumbles. "He isn't actually an idiot. Even to Sherlock, he couldn't possibly have appeared to be an idiot. Especially not to Sherlock."
John smirked. Oh, this was going to be fun.
"Hello, I'm Mike. Nice to meet you too. Can I be of any help?"
the right thing to do. Just like jumping off the roof in front of him. Just like what you are about to do now: fly away. The knot in your chest is back and the growing void too, but this time there's nothing to distract you from it. No madman's video to take your mind off it.
"But are you willing to provide this every time it is needed?" John inquired, his tone rather provocative.
"Wait a minute, are you serious?"
They ended up staring at each other, observing. John noticed that the tiger had especially prominent cheekbones, even though his face didn't look thin with all that fluffy white fur. The tiger's coat was truly beautiful - it was silky and the colours were bright and finely defined with black lines striping his whole body strikingly. His limpid eyes were rimmed with black, making them all the more luminous. And the whiskers... John blushed and averted his gaze. What was it with paws and whiskers anyway? Did they make everyone dotty about felines?
Perhaps it wasn't only about losing one's faith; doubt and faith were things Jim had enjoyed playing with, but never took very seriously himself. What had he taken seriously? What had truly mattered? He'd never said. Not to her. She hadn't counted.
said when you danced for me?"
Slowly, his thumb started rubbing Sherlock's chest in circular strokes, as if Moran weren't even aware of it. "Jim said shooting was such a pedestrian way to get off. Just like sex. John Watson had sex – he really
They remain silent as Mary waits for her order, but the man does not leave. Eventually when Mary gets her food, he speaks again:
Sebastian's gaze became a little more intense, and a small smile floated on his lips. "Useless, am I?" he asked quietly.
"Don't you have anything better to do?" a voice asked, disturbing the quietness Irene had woven around her in the tearoom.
"You wish."
"Now, observe me. Really observe me."
"...greyish?"
Your eyes meet and you can't help but laugh again, quietly. The conversations you have with Seb are barely conversations at all. Yet it feels comfortable. When he's not being annoying, his presence is actually quite pleasant. Lately he comes rather often to your flat, but he isn't much of a bother. In fact, if you don't pay attention to him you hardly notice him at all. You never had that kind of relationship with Harry, even though she's your sister. But you think that it might be similar to what brotherhood feels like, not minding the presence of the other. Well. When he's not being a chatter-box, that is. Seb is such a fickle character, he changes mood so easily... But he must have been feeling down; recently he's rarely been irritating.
He turns around, and runs.
"I was just wondering."
"Sherlock!"
"He wouldn't have been a murderer. Perhaps he could have killed. No, he probably could have. Self-defence. Something like that."
the time.
"You all right?"
John felt very cold suddenly, and wondered if Sherlock had enjoyed it at all.
Molly shook her head, half-amused, half-dejected. Did the detective really think they would get there when they were both hopelessly in love with him? He probably thought they would precisely because of that, in fact.
"I am ready to concede that it is regrettable that you doubted him, but it would have changed nothing if you hadn't."
A snort escaped Sherlock. Soft. Cold.
It keeps echoing in her mind, as if the message were addressed to her.
"Then what...?" John sighed, already shivering with sheer want. Sherlock's smirk against him only enhanced the longing.
Sherlock smiled sweetly, and John knew this couldn't possibly be good.
Since he's out early, he takes his phone and texts Mike.
"Everything I always wanted, he gave it to me," John answers simply, yet firmly.
Well?"
"Right. Sorry. Let's do that part again. Ron?"
, so his friend saying so meant something entirely different. Not good.
Months.
Mycroft smiled thinly. "Nothing is impossible for me."
"Don't you know the saying, Mr Holmes? Hell has no fury..." She trailed off, voice icy.
"She's kidding," John says.
In the end, he spent the entire night out roaming the streets of London, checking his website on his phone, almost hoping Moriarty would finally answer, tell him where they were, what he wanted from him so he could get John
"I was thinking, maybe you should take a bath," John says.
"That in itself must have been enough for Sherlock. He was intrigued with Dr. Watson because Dr. Watson was intrigued with him. He cared, because the good man cared for him."
Yes, indeed. What's the point?
The petting had been nice, though, and so had the cuddles. John would never admit this out loud and he knew Sherlock wouldn't either. He'd hoped the detective would have been all flustered about his finding out that Sherlock had been the purring tiger John had tamed. But when he had come back from the clinic that day, Sherlock had acted as though nothing out of the ordinary had happened. Last time John had checked, turning into a tiger wasn't one of his flatmate's habits. But then he himself had turned into a manul
living with me. You are the only one who goes on cases with me."
"Where is Sherlock?" she asked.
And as he marched out, Sherlock followed sheepishly.
"You are the embodiement of Temptation, Ms. Adler. But quite frankly... I really wouldn't want to have a grilling contest with you."
"Enough." John noticed his fist was trembling and forced himself to unclench it. "What's your point?"
"Oh it's fine if you'd rather we went out another night, of course."
"They should release you tomorrow."
contacted by your brother. I came because I was
"We never celebrated birthdays."
Maybe he had finally lost it. He couldn't care less. Throwing himself at the dummy he started beating it to a pulp - except that it wouldn't actually bruise nor bleed. John could, though, as he soon found out, punching and kicking the hard plastic repeatedly, bestially.
You close your eyes, briefly, and open them again.
The encrypting method is different. For the first line, he used the Vigenère square. Then, with much humour, what we call the Playfair cipher."
You jump to your feet with panic and dash after him.
Sherlock nodded grimly. He fell silent.
"I don't think I can do this," he cuts in.
"Sherlock?" he tried again, knocking softly. "Listen, I think I got the message. You don't want me anywhere near you right now, and I'm not going to ask why, because obviously you don't want to answer that either. But please unlock the door. If you don't, I won't leave you in peace, because I'll keep worrying that something might happen to you in there and–"
At this, John forced himself to concentrate on the discussion again, and he brought his hand down to stop Sherlock's. His lover effectively froze.
"That was quite a trip," he said, sitting down on the gigantic bed. It wouldn't even encourage them to cuddle.
. He moaned and slammed his plushy face against Sherlock's torso.
She pouts.
"Oh they're beautiful!" Seb opens his mouth but she forestalls him. "And don't say 'just like you'," she warns, raising a finger, in teacher mode.
"Nah. Nah, it doesn't work."
"There's nothing to do out."
his remark elicited from his lover, "...but you must let it all out. You're not allowed to hold anything back. Understood?"
He bursts in your hand. The sudden wetness and stickiness on your palm and stomach surprises you, but does not disgust you. Maybe you're just tired. Or maybe for some reason the whole experience was worth it. Panting, sweaty and unbearably warm, John tries to move away from you. It takes you a few seconds to realize he looks appalled.
She got up and came back with a blue gem. John's eyes widened. It truly did look precious and snapped him out of his musing about Sherlock... though not for long.
, do you hear me? – to save his little brother's life. He loved Sherlock, and if he could have done something to prevent him from taking his own life, he would have. No matter the cost."
"But..."
John takes Sherlock's hand and Sherlock jolts at the contact.
"John..."
John was choking on his bread again, redder than ever, and gulped down the rest of his water promptly. Was Sherlock really unaware that what he was saying was a bit too close to home?
Breathing peacefully. Regularly.
If John was regretting any of this.
"And I know you're hurt!" John insisted. Then he added with a softer voice: "Please. Won't you just come in the bathroom and let me have a look?"
John, still showing only his back to Sherlock, chuckles. He rests his hands on the counter. Sherlock stares at him anxiously, giving him some time, hoping he's not going to cry or do something sentimental. But this is John. He's not
John closed his eyes and started swaying haltingly on his feet, as if softly waving in the wind or to the sound of a subdued melody. He brought his right hand slowly from his right hip to his left shoulder, caressing his torso through the jumper on the way, gently but firmly, as if cleaning a wound. He left his hand on his shoulder and let it tremble there quietly, keeping his eyes shut and feeling the tension and the pain creeping up his neck, pervading his face – the humiliation, too. Of coming back as a cripple. Of leaving his men behind. Of being shot when he was supposed to be the one healing the wounds.
John nodded firmly. The trip no longer seemed as appealing, but now his interest was piqued. He glanced at Sherlock.
"You wouldn't understand," he said as if he were talking about a trifling matter, "he's not important." The blatant lie only made her fury more acute. She was certain then that she would know no peace until she had utterly destroyed the consulting detective. And she knew she couldn't. She knew Moriarty would kill her if she did, or worse; he would find a way, find a torture she could not even imagine, the perfect retribution for her crime, something unfathomable before it was made real, like the punishment inflicted upon Prometheus for having stolen the fire of the gods. But that was not the issue. That was not too high a price if it meant she could have an everlasting impact on Jim's life: if she could take away the one thing that excited him the most, the one thing that seemed to bestow some superior meaning on his existence. No, the problem was what he told her next, stroking her hair, whispering in her ear.
...Before he got in. Right. How would he get in? He groaned in distress, and bemoaned the fact that he was such a small feline, so useless and so damn dependent - he couldn't even open a door! There was the mewling option, of course, but he was still angry with Sherlock and even if he wanted nothing more than to jump into his arms right now, he would never admit it, even to himself, and even less
"Oh I do! Don't you find it lovely? It's so quiet and soothing out here."
"I want to know the truth!"
Sherlock was addictive because he was danger within peace and cold-blooded reason within war; the thrill in the routine of everyday life, and the sharp vigilance that made sense of chaos and thrived in it. The world was neither a haven nor a battlefield to him: it was a playground. He needed the danger because that was what gave him his
For a second the sniper locked eyes with the consulting criminal and something seemed to pass between them, some electric current of recognition. But soon Sebastian broke the intensity of the instant. He shrugged with indifference.
"Dull."
in his room. John cursed under his breath. His mobile phone was in his room, too. Yup, with the tiger. Great, just great. Maybe he could try to break into Mrs. Hudson's flat (she was away at her sister's for a few days) and call Sherlock – or Mycroft, because Sherlock never answered his phone anyway, and especially not when he'd just disappeared without prior notice.
"Nope. Asked me what my intentions were. And if by any chance I wouldn't be interested in spying on Sherlock for him."
"Yeah, well..." God, how are you going to tell her? Your eyes follow Sherlock who stands up and walks to the window.
. Perfectly fine, as you see. Don't you get it? There's nothing to talk about!"
. A dream, then.
"Problem?"
"Nevermind. Just... no, forget it." He shook his head for the umpteenth time and turned to leave.
"Was I what?"
, he concluded with a sigh. He realized now what a difficult situation he was in – not that he hadn't been aware of it, but now the whole extent of it just hit him full force. If those absurd transformations kept going on, and Sherlock's ridiculous theory was right, John would never be able to live anywhere else than Baker Street, or very far from it. And if he did not live with Sherlock, they would have to find some way to contact the other during a transformation so they could... This was crazy. If he disappeared for an entire night every once in a while, his girlfriend or his wife or whoever he'd be having a family with, would no doubt find it suspicious, and think he had a mistress. And what could he say?
Molly."
"You think I'm hurting him."
John chuckled, exhausted. Sherlock caressed his hair.
"Talked to Mycroft."
"Our handwriting expert," Lestrade cut in firmly. He did not even look at Sherlock, and the consulting detective, while hardly appreciating to be thus degraded, kept his mouth shut.
"Find  me what the victims wore every day during the week they were killed!"  the infuriating genius added. Before the D.I. Could say anything, he'd  jumped into a cab with John, and was gone.
did!"
He smiled privately.
"I kept it for Christmas."
"I feed upon it and extinguish it"
"He looks happy enough," she goes on, grinning at the baby. "Say bye to uncle Sherlock!"
"Hello, Mycroft. You haven't been taking my calls, lately."
"A ruby."
"... Right."
"I'll never understand this," he grumbled. "Why do we have to go to Tokyo first from Singapore? We're going the other way!"
Sherlock snorted. That was rich, coming from the man who had showed up on his doorstep after fifteen years only to blatantly lie to him.
"It was just a suggestion, John, considering you are more used to this than me. Well, not this specifically, obviously, but..."
"Of course."
"Oh. Of course." His eyes turned to slits.
Here she was, coming out of the door with a pushchair. And the little pink thing inside.
Here it was again. That voice. It was a little reminiscent of that of the Woman, in a rougher way; still, noticeably playful. Teasing.
"Yes I am."
"Yes... yes please do!" he said running up the stairs. "Good evening Mrs. Hudson!"
A week already since the funerals, and John still hadn't called Molly back. No, emailed her back. The idiot seemed to have crushed his phone and decided it was pointless to replace it. Maybe things were worse than you thought.
Sherlock bit his lip to stifle a moan, his head falling backwards.
However, that was where the list of his good points stopped. John had prided himself in being Sherlock's increasingly essential colleague, providing some very much needed protection during cases. But he had also been kidnapped and used against Sherlock. Sometimes, even when he was with Sherlock, his bravery and sense of comradeship and sacrifice were not enough.
Mrs. Hudson smiles knowingly, if a little wistfully. "Not anyone, really?"
"I'm moving back in," he says, and she hugs him tightly.
"Did your leaving the letter at John's flat have anything to do with Sebastian Moran's presence there?"
Sherlock let out a last desperate cry before darkness fell over him, and he felt himself being stifled to death by the desired flow and the familiar voice.
Pursing his lips almost imperceptibly, Sherlock arched an eyebrow.
"And one Risotto al pesto verde, one!" he said with a little bow, just as Sherlock finished:
The smile on Sherlock's lips is wistful; he's not even looking at you. It doesn't feel like his smile is for you.
You frown. Startled, Blake tries to frown back, snapping you back to reality and making you laugh.
Sherlock stared.
"Mmh?"
The water on your chest is tickling you so you turn your back to it and grab the shower gel.
"Oh God, George, that handwriting... I hadn't realized."
Sherlock was staring blankly at the carpet. This wasn't working. John took his head in his hands and rubbed his temples. Of course it wasn't. This was
"You're going to kill me anyway. I might as well have some fun."
He realized with some surprise that Sherlock too relaxed in the embrace, his body slackening: first the shoulders then the neck, the arms... His breathing became slower and more regular. John was touched. Touched to see that, if anything, he could help Sherlock to rest and make him stay in a bed longer than he usually did. He blushed at the thought, cursing himself for the unintended meaning — and the images it conjured up. But thankfully, he did not get aroused. Soon all sensual images were replaced by that of Sherlock as a child, or how John imagined him to be as a child, and how lonely he must have been.
"John, you do have a job right now, don't you?"
"Whatever are you thinking the rest of the time?" he asked with a world-weary smile.
are very, very,
"You've been trying for months."
So after having met Sherlock's intense gaze, John let down his hand that was holding the shower, closed his eyes, and complied. It was easy enough, for he was still haunted by the images of his nightmare.
"What?"
called. Well. He only called once.
Except you're not only waiting. You're haunted by what you're about to leave behind. Farewells. Why should they hurt so much? It doesn't make sense. This tight sensation in your chest doesn't make sense either. So you try to focus on New York and all the work that awaits you there. Dreadful business, too. You should be excited. Such prospects should be a thrill. And it is, partly. But it's overridden by fear. You've always enjoyed putting your life on the line to show just how clever you are – danger has always been your only flirt. But what a flirt! Nothing can be more exquisite than the adrenaline when there's a deadline (usually, quite literally so), more pleasurable than the sense of triumph after you've outsmarted a challenging criminal. It is indeed how you get off. Mind play + power play + leg work = bliss. Friends had never been part of the equation.
"Look, Harry, I... I appreciate the intention, really. I have nothing against that Mary Wilton, whatever her name was, or any of your friends, just... Don't try to hook me up with one of them. I am going out, I am seeing women-"
"Yes, of course. She was wearing them, and must have realised as she came out, so she turned around to go back in and..."
Molly stopped turning the cup. "I... I don't know. I guess I really should start thinking about it, shouldn't I?"
"I'm the one who shouldn't be staying."
"He would have done something stupid to make Mycroft tell him
He let go of him and watched. The other staggered a little, then crashed to the ground. Sebastian stared.
"Thank you. Here."
Christmas has come and now both Mary and Blake are sound asleep. Wearing your new jumper – red – you are sitting alone near the fireplace, writing in your journal. Because you have started writing a journal.
"No, we were done," Sherlock replied in her stead. "But if we may ask you some questions?"
I'm not the one who kidnaps people on a whim,
John smiled as he pressed himself to the chair and to the warm, trembling back, grinding so Sherlock would sense the move, inviting him to sway along, and soon they were rippling together, their bodies pressed flushed against the back of the chair, undulating and writhing to the frenzied tempo. Sherlock was truly brilliant. He could manage this conversation and the dancing and the touching and the music.
"Sherlock, if I have to carry you to that room myself, I will."
Joined hands.
I'm sorry I called you a machine.
Sometimes, he just didn't care whether his behaviour was rational or not – like now, as he was still trying to force the door with his good shoulder, which wasn't so good anymore – he'd been locked up for more than thirteen hours. He'd shouted quite a bit, too, but there were no windows and he knew how to recognize sound proof walls when he saw them. This was serious. He just had to get to Sherlock's side. He knew his friend would believe he'd been kidnapped, and God knew what would happen if he went back to Moriarty believing that he was holding him as a hostage, when the culprit was, in fact,
"Even at Brad's request?"
What she loathed the most, though, was the way Jim was playing with her. He did not treat her like just any of the IOU people. He did not show as much contempt towards her. Or rather he showed it in an entirely different, more elaborate manner. She knew he had told no one about Sebastian Moran. She knew he was trying to make her feel special and favoured, but also sick with jealousy. He complained about Moran's indifference and his eyes dared her to tell him how better she would have been to share a flat with; to share a life. She never did. But when he recounted his little discussion with 'Seb', the words were out of her mouth before she could stop them. She uttered them as if they were poisoned. They burned her tongue and she told them with the ferocity of one declaring war or a death threat. Moriarty laughed.
It was only much later, when it was too late, that she realized Sebastian Moran was not the real danger. He was not a rival,
He leant in and kissed him with passion.
‘Yes, that was ridiculous,’ he admitted. ‘So what did you find?’
cuddle tonight again. Stop thinking that I absolutely need you to hold me!"
John tilted his head to the side.
Sherlock couldn't live without the thrill, and neither could John.
‘So, are you going to explain to me why we’re going to the kitchens?’
"Well, sorry it had to be your girlfriend's brother, mate," Lestrade said, addressing John again.
"There's nothing to get over."
Running to his violin case, he picked up the instrument and held it to his chin. The hand holding his bow trembled slightly, and he had to take a deeper breath. He knew what he wanted to play, knew exactly what piece would feel right in this very moment. But he wasn't sure he could manage to play it. He swallowed. If he didn't succeed, John would still hear him. He'd hear his pitiful attempt, and know that he had failed. The trembling got worse and he closed his eyes.
"Don't be ridiculous. I just don't appreciate riding them much."
"You're really not catching me at a good time, you know? I told you I just flew here. I am jetlagged, I haven't seen Sherlock in a decade..."
"Well, it is quite silly. You'll make fun of me."
And so Sebastian watched as Sherlock cried and trembled and hung up on a terrified John and jumped. He watched as the doctor was hit by a cyclist, and as the truck hid the detective's "corpse" from view.
But she could not have posted the letters the previous day. She had been at work, and there were several eye witnesses. The only logical conclusion was that she had accomplices, and the remaining question was: who? And why?
Meena rolled her eyes.
get used to it?"
can sleep."
She didn't finish her sentence when she saw her friend's face darken.
Before they're forever banned?"
"Shh..."
"I enjoy it," Sherlock finally croaked, bringing a tentative hand to John's back. "More than that. You're better than cocaine."
"Have you?" Sherlock cut in sarcastically.
"Mary! He would have no right to do that! It'd be rape nonetheless!"
"Lestrade sent a text," John announced as he entered the kitchen, where Sherlock was trying to keep himself busy with experimenting on human nails.
When you walked up to him, saying "I tried to call you this morning but–", he gave you a betrayed look, and then completely ignored you, focusing on Sherlock alone. Mrs. Hudson, being the angel she is, ushered you all inside before bystanders could start wondering what was going on. Greg is sitting stiffly across from you, glaring. But behind his glower you can read genuine pain.
"Six twenty."
Seb laughed, and nodded, recognizing he'd been beaten.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, smiling. Funny that relaxed John meant sulking John. It was cute, somehow.
"Hello, sunshine," Moriarty said with a grin – addressing Sherlock, of course, and completely ignoring John.
"I don't think so. He probably asked Campbell to write it himself, then send him the letter."
John smirked. He'd never been especially turned on by partners masturbating in front of him, because they were always putting on a show, and it was never authentic – the moans were too loud, the thrusts too dramatic. Sherlock was authentic. When he jolted and writhed and groaned and wailed, he wasn't acting. It was so incredibly refreshing that John wished he could enjoy this every day for the rest of his life.
Sherlock gasped and jerked a little, but started bucking his hips furiously in order to rub their erections against each other.
"Sherlock, you were tricked, as you said–"
But what did he have no idea about? What is the enigma about?"
"Should I make him scream for you again, Sherlock?"
When he woke up in the morning, the first thing John saw upon opening his eyes to the world was Sherlock's face mere inches from his. His breath caught in his throat, and he stiffened noticeably, but Sherlock
Sherlock ignored him and dragged on the cigarette, trying to pull himself together. After a while, his pulse was even again.
Sherlock glared at him, but John glared back.
Your glare was lost as the lights were dimmed. The room went quiet and the curtain was raised. The music broke the silence and the performance begun. Ms.
"I thought I did too, Mr. Holmes."
Sherlock wasn't good with gifts because he didn't understand the concept. He'd read
She glared, but did not take the bait.
"What do you mean, then?"
"He is a police officer."
The question is, Sherlock: why are you so scared of involving your body in this ability you have to 'dance'?"
Silence. John says nothing, but he doesn't lie down either. For a second you think he might leave the room.
Before we go on with Chapter XXXVIII, I would like to give my special thanks to all reviewers, but also all of you readers in general. I just realized that this story has become longer than 200K words, and with this realization came the awareness that not only have I spent more than a year struggling with it, but that all of you who read this have also gone through those 200K words. I highly doubt that people who began to read me a year ago are still with me now; but you have still read all previous chapters, and only now do I realize what a feat it truly is. When I look at the first chapters of this story, I am ashamed of how bad they are; and in one year I will no doubt be just as ashamed of the chapters I am currently posting. This is a very long fic and I a very young author. It is my first fanfiction story and I decided to make it a goal to write a good song fic when everyone was complaining about how boring song fics were, and a character study with a focus on bereavement, centred on the years of Sherlock's absence, when what every fan wanted from a post-Reichenbach story was the reunion of John and Sherlock. It's as if I did everything I could to deter readers, really! So thank you for giving this story a chance. I hope that by the end of it, you will feel that it was worth reading.
"Hello! I'm sorry to bother you so early. I'm Maggie."
He couldn't possibly have lived with this. But for some unfathomable reason, he couldn't bring himself to delete this night's memories from his own hard drive either. He scoffed, and turned back to the microscope.
"You are
John Watson
He doesn't answer. You keep glancing at him every two seconds to check if he's still here, and at one point he seems to have mercy upon you and comes to stand closer, almost next to you – in your field of vision. The water boils and you still can't get a word out of your throat. When you pour the boiled water into the mugs you got out your hand is shaking. Sherlock looks away. Here's the pained look again.
"Thank you."
"It doesn't matter."
Sherlock heard a body collapse, and two sets of footsteps. He did not realise that one of them was his own until he reached Victor’s crumpled body.
"Aw, how sweet. I'm sure you say that to all your victims."
He swallowed with difficulty, his hand shaking a bit. John's eyes widened and he grabbed the trembling hand.
"Darling?"
"No! Well, yes, maybe a little. But actually I think last night was an improvement."
"Sherlock?! What's wrong?"
"You know, I think it was all calculated," you say.
It was almost funny the way Mycroft dared give him lessons about
He'd said it like a compliment, with a voice tinged with esteem.
seconds to be fully alert after a little nap on the kitchen table, he knew something was wrong. And of course, it annoyed him.
"He had children," John pointed out weakly, but he could see the logic in Sherlock's words. He was probably right.
"Why would he take the time to put up to date the calendar in his kitchen but not the one in his toilet? Why didn't he even take the time to take the coat off his cat? Such a doting owner would know that it'd be uncomfortable wearing it inside."
"Well, mine, anyway."
he said running his jam-coated hand swiftly up his leg and grabbing his thigh.
"That it is time I demonstrate one of my previous statements."
"It doesn't matter, John! I was so stupid I didn't even
"Dear me, he does everything for you nowadays, doesn't he?"
They were both so bad with words, he thought as he massaged his lover's neck. So much was left to be said, to be discussed, and yet neither of them was capable of formulating it properly: Sherlock, mainly because he did not wish to discuss anything in the first place; John, because he was too stupid. Or so he told himself in his musings. There were still so many things he wanted to ask Sherlock, so many things he dared not ask...
"So your son will be here on Monday."
"Aah! It's... torture nonetheless... Sherlock! More..."
John, lost, looked up to him in confusion. Mycroft smirked.
"Nothing. Your jumper."
But John did not answer. His gaze was lost in space, and his body growing colder every instant as realization dawned upon him.
"So he had a book about the American Mafia..." OK, so he did sound a bit lost, but he was. Sherlock remained silent. John did not fidget. "...why would the Mafia kill Brad and abduct Henry?"
Flying.
"I did..." Sherlock confessed brokenly.
"I'm sorry, I didn't want to talk about this," John says after a while.
He winked, not so discreetly, and John had to stop himself from rolling his eyes. Sherlock on the other hand seemed suddenly rather nervous – to the doctor, at least. He wondered if that was part of the act, but wasn't so sure... In any case, John was pretty enthusiastic and nodded.
They spent the rest of the evening pleasantly, discussing one thing and another. Ron and Seb taught Shinwell and John how to play whist, while Mary and Molly talked by the fireplace.
," the ex-soldier continued in the same sultry, ironic tone. "Are you sure you do not want to take
. Indeed. But Sherlock Holmes was insufferable, even John couldn't say otherwise. Yet it wasn't enough to deter him. Violin rousing him suddenly at three in the morning, experiments that blew up the kitchen regularly, heads in the fridge (Harry still only half-believed him when he told her: even a
"Now people will
The good he conquers by goodness,
"No, I mean the police arresting an innocent who committed suicide the next day."
ARE THE ONE OUT OF YOUR MIND.
, he'd thought with a bitter laugh. Since everything was ripped and out in the open, he couldn't resist looking around a bit and going through his dead flatmate's possessions. Well, what used to be, anyway. It was macabre and he knew it. Even so he just couldn't help but want to try everything that might calm the searing ache that threatened to consume him completely. And that's how he'd found the powder.
Sherlock's mad scrambling came to a halt a few feet away from the stream when he felt his clothes stiffen and freeze around his limbs. Light headed and short of breath, the prince suddenly realized that his only chance of survival was to keep moving, in whatever shape or form.
Suddenly, the reality of his situation crashed over Mycroft with full force. He had failed his mission, his father and his kingdom, and had left his brother to deal with the aftermath. His cold heart clenched in his chest. The thought of Sherlock - naive, impressionable Sherlock - burdened with a responsibility he had no skills to assume, made a tiny, irrational part of his brain urge him to turn back.
Kudos and comments are love and make me very happy.
That resonated with me:
that the siblings haven’t been close for some time (years? ever?) and that
Sherlock really did not appreciate his condescending tone. His eyes scanned the man for a second before he tried again.
Sherlock began with a shy smile.
“Then leave,” he said simply.
“Alright,” he conceded, “but we leave in the morning! I won’t put Harry in danger just because you have no sense of self preservation,” he warned, wagging his finger for good measure.
He suddenly came to a halt when his path was interrupted by a large rift in the snow. Mycroft spared a knowing smile towards the dark abyss before throwing his hands forward. At his command, a set of snowy steps manifested at his feet, climbing over the chasm towards the other side. When he put his foot on the first step, the snow turned into translucent ice and formed a majestic stairway sided by ornate handrails.
“Of course,” Sherlock smiled at the screen.
This may indeed be a visual sign that we are following Sherlock inside his mind as he is loosing consciousness. In
Looking at him more carefully, Sherlock realized that the man was a few years younger than him - nineteen, if he had to guess. His hair was mousy-brown and styled into a very unfortunate buzzcut. His features, although burned from the sun, telegraphed a fragile health. His eyes were sunken, his cheeks sallow and he was already missing a few teeth.
“I’m looking for any suspicious activities that may lead to a criminal incident. If I can identify and ideally thwart said incident in front of all the guests, my brother will have no other option than to recognize my abilities and employ me as a full time detective,” the prince blurted out at full speed, closing his mouth with a snap when he was done.
- John goes to his job interview, Soo Lin is killed that night.
I’ve been re-reading the cannon for the first time since I started watching
“We’ve just foiled an assassination attempt against the Suomic Ambassador!” A shocked gasp traveled around the crowd, and Sherlock puffed out his chest, reveling in the sound. “Here’s the criminal,” he declared, giving his prisoner a shove. Still stunned, the man fell to his knees, struggling to keep his head upright.
Sherlock took a moment to observe the man in front of him. Despite his questionable company, Lestrade demonstrated no signs of deception or dishonesty. His eyes gleamed with a clear, focused intent on pursuing the truth. Sherlock realized he had found another ally - although his usefulness was yet to be determined.
“A broken heart, Victor,” she interrupted, “my own brother, and you-”
If you’re familiar with the blog (and if you’re not, go study it right now!)  you’ll notice it’s a little bit different from the layout we see on the actual blog. You can see that Mary is logged on as Watson. The buttons next to it say “Log Out”, “Your Dashboard” and “Create a new Post”. The text below has a scroll bar which you don’t have on the real site.
“Redbeard and I are an invin
To his surprise, the prince’s smile turned into an earnest, boyish grin, that constricted John’s chest in a way he steadfastly ignored. But the smile was short lived, as Sherlock, catching himself, quickly schooled his features into a determined scowl.
Feeling the reassuring weight against his chest, Sherlock walked purposefully out the door.
“The 21st of March,” his brother answered. “The ministers seemed to appreciate the symbolism. But the whole thing will have to be canceled if the Powers murder is not solved,” he warned, “I cannot be crowned king without the support of one of our biggest allies.”
Mycroft moved his left hand in a circle over his head and Sherlock's wave took another lap of the room.
The stable was empty except for a couple of farming tools resting against a corner and a few haystacks neatly piled in the center of the room. It certainly wasn’t as comfortable as the trading post, but it was dry and safe from blizzards and entitled idiots.
The boy flinched and hid by his side. The icy mist continued to pour from his hands, but it disappeared as soon as it touched the ground.
"Be honest: you're just a tiny bit pleased."
You're presently considering writing the whole story from the D.I.'s point of view, as his recounting was quite funny and readers would certainly appreciate the style. Then you remember you're not actually posting this on the web anymore, and that you haven't updated your blog in ages. You check the date on the computer screen.
You put down your pen and look at the fire burning in the hearth. The third quote is hovering at the periphery of your consciousness and you try to keep it at bay. But of course that makes you think about it, and so you fail to ignore it.
Did Sherlock think of this before he jumped in front of the man whom he claimed to be his only friend?
"Mmh. Think I did."
refuse to see him. I'm free to do what I want."
"What do you think you're doing?" Sherlock growled dangerously.
John left the flat before the two women came out of the room and spent the day wandering about London, ignoring texts and calls. He just wasn't in the mood. Now it's already evening but he doesn't feel like going back at all, so upset and frustrated with the morning's event. It was so stupid.
"What do you mean, things they had decided to leave behind?"
"Yes. It was a picture of you and John. Mr. Moran doesn't have any picture of Jim – sad, isn't it? I don't know how I'd survive without any pictures of
John sighed. Then heard another sigh. One that wasn't his. He looked up in the mirror with horror and saw, standing behind him, coming closer, a Rottweiler. He must have just entered the room, for John hadn't heard him coming.
"John read it for me."
Sherlock did not answer. That was new, too, and Moran could tell it was his way of saying
He hasn't gone in there ever since the drug incident.
"Because it is."
"It's not like this is relevant to what I do! Why would I bother–"
"Always the dramatics."
"I'll give you the recipe then!"
"... what you're asking, do you?"
"Does your window give onto the backyard?"
"Feeling..."
"God, he did say you were a bit slow, but..."
Molly pressed her lips to his to silence him. She was rather proud of herself; she thought she had become quite bold since she last tried to flirt with someone seriously. That someone being Sherlock. It was bound to fail anyway; there was nothing, absolutely nothing wrong with her - just that she'd always liked the wrong type of guys, that's all.
"I said it's fine, John. Just stop worrying about me all the time."
"What?"
"You're aware that this is a gay bar, right?"
"What a waste."
As you utter the words, you realize you're saying exactly what
John clenched his fist, and he glared at Mycroft heatedly.
"Of course. Think we should go to the hospital, doctor?"
"So... you know Mycroft."
It dawned on John then, that this was a conversation he did not want to hear. Clearly, they needed to talk. John had assumed that they
"What? But John, it's evidence and–"
"Yes," you say pensively. "Such as his bond with Moriarty. What he had been told to do, what he had decided to do."
All my thanks to Statistiques and BritChick101 for betaing this chapter!
"NO! It's not your fault, it's just... I..."
"Well maybe we should buy you a sign 'Suicide in process – Do not disturb'!"
"I said no prohibited area. And nipple-teasing is pleasurable. I just don't like it because... I just don't like it."
"I mean you wouldn't because it wasn't about
"I've enrolled in Doctors Without Borders."
"We do?"
John groaned.
"Is the flat still bugged?"
‘Has anyone come to ask where Mrs Leverton’s room was?’ he asked, because just in case, he should check. Unsurprisingly, the receptionist shook her head.
"No, Sherlock, listen!"
"They weren't just assumptions! They were logical deductions and even if today new elements tend to show that he wasn't a criminal after all, at the time it was a legitimate conclusion! I wasn't his friend, all right? I am a police officer and my duty is-"
"Not alone. But with help, yes. I asked the nurse yesterday, just to be sure."
Sherlock just stared in the blackness towards the stupid predatory voice. "I'm fine, thanks."
Now, now, don't be a twat, Casi. You need us. You know you do," Jude said with a Cheshire cat-like smile as he put his hand on the door handle.
John hasn't been to Sherlock's grave since the night he tried to dig him out. He certainly wouldn't try now, and the thought makes him retch. He never liked cemeteries, because there are so many people there it never feels intimate enough to have a decent conversation with the dead. Not that the dead would care, obviously.
"For the sake of law and order, I suggest you avoid all future attempts at a relationship, Molly."
"God I swear you're just like him, so bloody arrogant and capricious and... No... Don't tell me..."
Sherlock hated sleeping. It was dull and waiting to fall asleep bored him to death – to such an extent that he usually just gave up and went to do something. He didn't like waking up, either, because it usually took him more than 10 seconds to be perfectly alert and it made him feel slow and sluggish. That was one of the reasons he had needed to win against the Woman – he really hadn't appreciated her trick with the syringe – although he still admired her for it.
For that reason alone, it is the best of Sherlock’s numerous scars.
“Blood clinic. We’ll be needing twice the blood we used to.”
And suddenly the sensation was too much. The pleasure, the sweet dull throb in her cunt, began to sting like a burn. She let go of John’s nape, vaguely aware that her face was soaked with her own saliva, and flopped onto her side, reaching for John, feeling John reach back and envelop her in a firm but affectionate embrace.
, Sherlock thought, nearly overcome.
“Yeah, well. Thought I’d have a go at it this time. How did I do?”
” Then, when John’s gaze flickered round the flat, the corner of his lip pulling down—thinking about the mess, the hassle—Sherlock quickly added, “Right here. I’ll clean it up after.”
Sherlock’s folded arms seemed less like mere self-consciousness now and more like a cage, keeping him restrained and rooted in place. Since this wasn’t really a conversation for maintaining distance, John closed it.
He rose up onto his knees and dropped the wet ball onto John’s thigh, where it rolled off and wedged itself between John’s bare leg and the chair arm. Then he bent over, burying his nose in John’s pubic hair, inhaling as deeply as he could—and moaning a second later when the scent hit him. Sweat both dried and fresh, that familiar heavy musk of human male genitalia, and—oh, yes—a bit of urine, long dried, just a little sour. His own cock, as soft as John’s, began immediately to thicken.
But even as he is thinking it, he feels the knot in his mind finally begin to loosen and unfurl. Enough so that he can inhale shakily and say, “You’ve been… distant. I thought—”
“No.” John laughed. To Sherlock’s relief, it was a sound of genuine amusement rather than a front. “No, I prefer to use them actually. I’ve never had the pleasure of sitting on the toilet shitting out come after sex, but I’m not exactly keen on it.”
As Molly hurriedly removes her protective gear, Sherlock slips his hands in the pockets of his coat, allowing the left one to scrape his hip, digging into his trousers which press against his pants which puts pressure on the wounds.
I’ve been thinking alot and your maybe not entirely wrong.
“They fit well,” said Sherlock. “Although they don’t match the shoes like I’d hoped. Still.” He let out a soft contented-sounding sigh. “My shoes, my socks.”
Yes, that’s precisely what I mean by ‘play style’. And rest assured you’ve not wasted your time. Knowing the distribution of your skill points does mean something to me, thank you. :)
“The good sort or the bad sort?”
“Stay still,” he said, teeth gritted. “I’ll move you if I want to.”
He shrugs one shoulder. “Well. Better safe than… something, isn’t that what they say?”
“God I fucking adore you,” John said, so similar to what Sherlock had been thinking that Sherlock had to squeeze his eyes shut and sob. “You fucking tart.” John tugged, dragging Sherlock’s lips almost completely off his cock before forcing Sherlock to swallow him again. “That’s it.
He practically scampers into the chair atop John, wedging his knees between each chair arm and either side of John’s hips. But his legs are hatefully long, and he’s too far away: his arse planted on John’s knees, John’s head ages from his own.
, John thought.
Sherlock does better, and slicks up his arse so he can sit on John’s cock.
“As the matter of fact, I once solved the case of a woman who believed—” Sherlock paused, screwing up his face like he was disgusted. He sighed heavily. “No. No, I… I looked it up. Last night.”
“Ah, now I see.”
That was it?
By the time that John returned to his flat, most of his anger had cooled to a low simmer, and by the time that he reached Sherlock’s, with his arms full of a haphazardly thrown-together bundle of things like a pair of shoes and a Fleshlight, he felt eerily calm. Every thought formed with stark clarity, and he was in sharp control of his every action and reaction. He was rational, unflappable; his mind impossible to sway.
“The sooner it’s out of the flat, the better,” said Sherlock. “You’ll start to feel thirsty soon, but your palate won’t have changed yet. You’ll try to eat and drink what you did before, and you’ll make yourself sick.”
“Please,” John said, trusting that the position, along with Sherlock’s genius, would make it clear exactly what she wanted.
His fingers were too slick with lube. The phone slipped twice in his grip, leaving a sticky mess on the case, and his thumb skidded again and again across the touchscreen without it registering as a full proper swipe. Eventually, growling, Sherlock tossed it aside in frustration and wiped his hands vigorously on the bedsheets, trying to clean them. The sheets creased and moved, making his pillow slide closer.
“Of course not,” he answers, breathless with pleasure. He feels surprisingly confident about that.
Yeah that makes sense.
“—and then fuck you just like this,” Sherlock said. She wasn’t even blinking, staring into John’s face like she couldn’t bear to miss so much as a facial twitch. “Would you like that?”
“Vividly,” said Sherlock, in the tone that meant anything John had to say was infinitely less interesting than whatever he thought John should be saying. “So vividly, in fact, I’m reliving the conversation right now. Open it.”
“The what?”
“Please,” Sherlock answers, and within seconds, he’s being fucked so hard he can’t form words at all, only deep grunts and throaty “uh, uh”s while he drops his knees and does his best to wind his entire body around John like a vine.
Not that you should be concerned or anything! I’m not backing out
“Fine,” John snapped. “Then I’ll get on top of you this time. How does that sound?”
“‘Eyes as sharp as’ yours? Really?”
Occipital, temporal. Beneath the bone: the temporal lobe, the lateral sulcus, the insular cortex. John’s affection for him lives there, Sherlock thinks. All the emotion that makes John
“Is that a challenge? It sounds like a challenge to me.”
John answered with a snort and look that said,
He sends to John:
She meant to drop trou entirely, but once her trousers were open and her jumper rucked up to her ribs, exposing the front of her knickers (plain grey cotton ones, she hadn’t planned on being shagged today), Sherlock slid a hand inside them—taking up the same position as before, except that now she was cupping John’s bare skin, and when she pressed in with her middle finger, it slipped past John’s labia and very nearly inside John’s cunt.
The sight, after all, was magnificent. Sherlock’s flushed cheeks, his lips stretched wide and thin, saliva pooling at the corners of his mouth and dribbling down his chin. His curls bounced as his head bobbed, and his expression was rapturous, his eyes squinty like he was gazing up at the sun.
Rather than looking sheepish, as he damn well should have done, Sherlock seemed proud. His lips twitched as though he wanted to grin. The arrogant cock. He was practically vibrating where he stood, staring down at John on the sofa who again spun the box around to examine the picture.
John snarled and spat, “Shut up. You can piss right off. If you honestly think I give a toss how much money Sherlock has—”
“Haven’t you noticed? She fusses the moment you set her in it, and within minutes she’s thrashing and kicking and having a shout over it.”
He discovers this while looking up
“Exactly what I’ve been doing with it for the past week, I imagine: store it in 221C until one of us decides to make use of it.”
Mycroft’s grin sharpened, sharklike, and he took a smooth step backwards, swishing his umbrella in a dramatic ‘after you’ motion. “Of course. Please.”
As his heart stuttered and slowed, Sherlock’s grip finally relented, allowing John a heaving, desperate breath. His cock had long since gone soft, incapable now of so much as a twitch, but still that first gulp of air was so good he thought he might come from it.
“Here, give it to me.” Sherlock grabbed the laptop with one hand and jerked it towards her so she could see the screen.
“Yes.” Sherlock drew out the single syllable, and added a questioning lilt at the end. Suddenly John could hear the thread of self-consciousness in her tone, growing heavier the more she spoke. “I assure you I meant no offence in offering.”
The bedroom was almost, but not quite, as he’d left it. Dark aside from the single lamp he’d left lit, empty aside from Rosie who hadn’t moved in her cot. The door was wide open, though, and the air was cold and smelt faintly but distinctly of Claire de la Lune. John breathed it in and stared at Rosie’s tiny, sleeping body as he steeled himself, lifting his chin.
John was, but the middle of the night was not the time to be thinking about it. He flopped back down with a groan and rolled away from the offensive light, burying his face in the pillow. “Ugh, not now, Sherlock. Go to sleep.”
John scooted over, making herself as small as possible so that Sherlock could sink down a bit. She still wasn’t quite sitting properly and now John was squashed, but it would do for at least a few minutes. If Sherlock weren’t so absurdly tall, John thought (perhaps a touch bitterly), she might’ve been able to sit in John’s lap.
Yes. And anyway it’s still not the same. You’re gay, you knew you were gay from the start.
I hope your day has been at least passable. :)
“No, no, don’t look like that, John, practically everyone’s an idiot. It’s not—that is, I didn’t—”
No problems so far. I played a good two or three hours this morning. Started a quest where I have to decode ciphers and find a stolen something or other.
“Still okay?” John asked. When Sherlock nodded, John reached for the remote control, which was balanced on the sofa arm, and muted the television.
“We should go,” John said. Then, because he didn’t know what else to say: “Sorry.”
John flinched, her facial muscles contorting, and Sherlock left immediately off with a fervent mental swear. Of course John wouldn’t want to be reminded of the men she’d dated now, when she was no doubt still smarting slightly from the last one. Thoughtless of Sherlock to bring them up.
‘Look at you,’ he thought, gritting his teeth as he eased himself into his chair. ‘What else have you got to do?’
,” said Sherlock, red-faced and clipped, and Lestrade turned to John and said, “You should come round more often, mate. I’ve never seen him so polite.”)
“Yeah?”
It wasn’t comfortable. The vibrator felt like a fist in Sherlock’s abdomen as John ground against it, and John’s thighs squeezed together, strong enough it seemed as though they were capable of crushing Sherlock’s hip bones between them, but Sherlock hardly cared.
“Lot of good that did, you cock. You still got killed by a zombie. Anyway, ‘the type’?”
“Yes,” he says. “Fine.”
scar, Sherlock is beginning to think of it as, which is irrational. It is John’s body, John’s traumatic injury, no matter how Sherlock wishes he could lay claim to it. No matter how he wishes there were nothing in John’s life that Sherlock didn’t share.
That John will only do so because Sherlock specifically requested it is… well, perhaps he can delete that bit. Pretend that John’s desire for him is so strong it’s left a physical imprint on Sherlock’s skin.
getting off on this, at the same time that he was deeply discomfited by it. He didn’t need anyone to buy him expensive clothes, didn’t
“He cleared my name. I’d have gone to prison but for him.”
Something in Sherlock’s chest seemed to prickle and twist. She draped herself around John, nosing at her nape and kissing the bitten and bruising skin. It was warm to the touch, and Sherlock fancied she could taste the hurt: the throbbing ache that John must’ve been feeling.
“Erm,” John said. “Sorry, but… who are you talking to?”
Yeah. I still wanted to say it though. With my family history you’d be right to be worried, but I watch myself. I don’t let it go that far.
. John rolled his eyes. “I was dying, and you did the only thing you could do to stop it. I understand.”
With a thoughtful hum, John obliges. This time when Sherlock tries to angle forwards, John’s hold remains tight. The skin of Sherlock’s scalp screams in protest, and it feels for a second or two like his hair follicles will be ripped out.
He thrust the half-full bag towards John and went back to putting the rest into the fridge.
“It must be. Dunno, I wasn’t paying attention. Does my game playing drive you mad? I know you said it would drive Victor mad, but—”
“I know,” John told her, as though she had any idea what he was thinking. He scooped up another spoonful. “I should’ve called for help ages ago. But I’m just as stubborn as you are.”
They were seated at the same booth they’d sat at last time and given menus. Sherlock set his aside even as he scooted the other one closer to John.
John glanced over her shoulder, saw that Sherlock’s face was flushed and just as sweaty as John’s, her eyelids lowered and her hair a mess. Gorgeous. John ached just looking at her.
Right sorry, my mistake. Forget I said anything then.
I think I just met your brother.
The long staircase, never-ending doors. Redbeard’s claws clip-clipping. Mycroft tsking at him, reminding him of his stupidity. The dark sprawling corridors, the gaping uncertainty, the madman still chained and locked in the farthest corner.
It wasn’t the most attractive cock. The head was a bit small, and the shaft was long, veiny, and exceptionally thick. All of it fell within the range of what could be considered “normal,” but it didn’t exactly make for an aesthetically pleasing sight.
Sherlock paid her no attention, of course. He only shifted his weight slightly and continued to chirrup.
The issue was settled, then, John supposed. Just to be sure, he lifted his head from his arms and asked, “So, that’s a no on the nappies, then?”
Sherlock was well on his way there already, all on his own. Hunched over the pillow, panting and whimpering into the mattress, and humping as firmly and vigorously as he could into the goose-feather filling, pawing at his own arse cheeks and marvelling at the wet and open feeling between them. His prick had begun to dribble, making a mess of the pillowcase, and the fur at the base of the tail plug was matted and sticky with lube that had leaked from his arsehole.
She opened readily for the first bite and tried to snatch the spoon from him. Any other day it might’ve made him laugh, but he could only manage a tight smile.
Yes. John had. And still, the mental image remained of Sherlock gurgling and vomiting, his body seizing and jerking on the floor.
“All right,” John murmured, low and soft. It was the voice he used when Sherlock had injured, overworked, or generally neglected himself. It made Sherlock want to fold his body into John’s and never come out, a sort of reverse cocoon. “I know we don’t… we don’t really talk about it, but—”
Which is precisely what John will be. Prey that is already conquered for Sherlock, trapped and left on a proverbial silver platter to be toyed with and devoured as Sherlock sees fit. He shivers at the thought.
John paused, still finding and sweeping stray crumbs away. Apparently he hadn’t managed to figure out the whole of Sherlock’s brain after all. He never expected him to bring up theology—a line of thought John had been avoiding entirely since Mary’s death.
Sherlock’s responding huff was one of disgust, so much so that John wouldn’t have been surprised if he’d made an even bigger show of his exasperation and flopped onto his side away from John, but he stayed more or less in the same position.
Instinctively, John tried to buck but only succeeded in disturbing the weight slightly, jostling one knee and making it slide between John’s thighs.
. Then Sherlock’s smile widened even further—and there were those wrinkles at the corners of his eyes, even deeper than when John had first noticed them days ago—and gave a soft “Thank you” before he brought a hand to John’s ankle, his thumb sweeping over the prominent knob of John’s medial malleolus.
He looked smug and self-assured and so incredibly attractive that John felt breathless at the sight.
, John thought, and did it again, then again, relishing how Sherlock’s limbs jerked helplessly, how she buried her face in John’s hair to muffle her cries.
He liked insects, too, although he never properly hunted or killed any of them. Rather, he preferred to sit in plain view and watch them. Once, Mrs Hudson had caught him hovering over a beetle that had got stuck on its back. His pupils were blown wide, his furry ears were twitching, and his head kept cocking from one side to the other like the struggling bug was the most fascinating thing he’d ever seen. When she’d whisked it away, he had sulked, filling the silent flat with one mournful meow after another, for hours.
“Of all the nights for her to come home early. Is—”
“All right,” John says, sitting in his armchair with his own steaming mug. He’s told Sherlock multiple times that tea calms him, centres him, in times of high emotion, but he’s mistaken. It’s not the tea itself, but the act of making tea. He’s not taken so much as a tiny sip—it’s still too hot for that—and already he’s regained his confidence and his composure. “First of all, you… look, I see now I shouldn’t have just assumed you knew all this. But not all kink or BDSM or whatnot is sexual. There’s nothing unacceptable or unhealthy about wanting a bit of pain outside a sexual context. Not so long as you’re honest about it, you satisfy that desire at least reasonably safely, and—”
It seems to have worked out all right with Caranguard. You must be enjoying it, if you’ve continued to play it and were moved enough to contact the writer of a game guide. It’s also not overly violent, as far as video games go. Gore is minimal and the high fantasy aspects of the characters and storyline help prevent the violence from becoming uncomfortably realistic. Certainly there are worse games.
John snorted. “I’m not even fully hard yet, you berk.”
John wished he didn’t. God—someone—help him, he wished he didn’t. But if he closed his eyes, he could still feel the cold creeping down his back, the rush of air against his ear as though someone were actually breathing into it.
Sherlock nodded solemnly just as their waiter approached, eyeing them warily and carrying a tray of steaming plates. And that was that.
“Neti pot?” Excellent—Sherlock sounded intrigued now.
One night he lay in bed, on his stomach with his head turned to the side. Thinking about Harry, who was sober and dating again; who finally apologised for not showing up to his wedding; who said, “When are you going back to Sherlock?”
“Well,” Sherlock amended. “Maybe a bit. Not
But looking at him, with his bottom lip red from where he’d bitten it and his cheeks flushed, his curls messy, and his eyes bright, John couldn’t find it in himself to be anything but pleased. Pleased and awed and adoring.
Sherlock paws at his shoulder, lifting it a little so he can stroke the entrance wound. He pictures the bullet’s trajectory, the near-instantaneous fracture of flesh and bone, the continuous spill of blood afterwards. He doesn’t believe in miracles, of course, but this—that John survived to meet Sherlock and kill for Sherlock and let Sherlock sit on his cock and admire his scar—is the sort of thing that must make others believe in them.
She bit and relished John’s injured moan, how her whole body seized like she meant to fight before going slowly limp: not only giving herself over to Sherlock, but overcoming her own nature to do it.
John cleared his throat, sitting back in his chair. “Right. Well. Now that we’ve cleared that up.” He nodded towards Sherlock’s plate. “Finish eating so you can do dirty things to me already.”
Seeming to understand he had John’s full attention now, Sherlock quickened his pace until John was moaning ceaselessly, thrusting erratically into Sherlock’s grasp.
Then Rosie pounds her fists again, and Sherlock remembers where he is.
John’s taste was…
It was not good, she knew. An utter invasion of privacy and just generally creepy besides, but right then it seemed a great deal more erotic than offensive. She could picture Sherlock face-down in the centre of her bed, dragging her palm down her body until it was cupping her vulva—just as John was doing now. Sherlock, who couldn’t be arsed to remember the solar system or the prime minister, humping her own hand because she wanted to know how John preferred to get herself off. Because she’d been
“Yeah, no, I’m… [laughing] I’m pretty sure not. As always, your instructions were very, very thorough. Thanks for that, by the way. They were loads clearer than the little pamphlet the headset came with.”
Sherlock nearly took another sip to prove it, but found he couldn’t quite go through with it while the taste of the last one was still so fresh on his palate.
John’s expression didn’t change for a long moment, and then he nodded, once. There was a warmth and tenderness in his eyes, fierce and unwavering. “Yeah. Of course it is.”
It niggles at him, long after the case is solved—disgruntled former employee, tediously easy to solve once Sherlock has all the facts—although he knows there is no reason for it.
He rubbed Sherlock’s head, fingertips scratching at the scalp, and if Sherlock had had a tail, he’d almost certainly be wagging it. He bowed his head, inviting John to carry on, and John obliged: stroking the back of Sherlock’s hair and down towards his nape. With a breathy moan, Sherlock bowed even further, so that he could rest his forehead on John’s inner thigh.
He struck another match, tossed it to the floor as well, and dashed towards John. John expected more, another lamp or Sherlock to get thrown through the air, but Sherlock clasped the other end of the cot and wrenched it away from John without difficulty.
Behind him, the baby monitor crackled, and from the corner of his eye, he saw something shift in the mirror’s fogged-up reflection. It was the only warning he got before a strong, glacial grip seized the back of his neck, twisted his head towards the sink, and slammed his face into the mirror.
Sherlock murmured an affirmation, and, apparently emboldened, John did it again, pressing harder this time, which drew a shuddery sigh from Sherlock’s lips.
“You’re touching your breasts, aren’t you?” It was Sherlock’s interesting-piece-of-evidence tone. If John were a crime scene, Sherlock would probably be kneeling down to get a better look. “They’re sensitive. Exceedingly so, I suspect.”
If he’d asked Sherlock to marry him, Sherlock would have been the proudest man in all of Europe.
“Sherlock?” Molly is suddenly closer, gripping his bicep as though he’s in any danger of collapsing. “Did something happen? Did… did you and John have an argument?”
John murmured into Sherlock’s skin, “Try to eat something before you have a wank, yeah?”
“You were the one who used it all.”
“I told you. It wouldn’t have taken him long to realise his mistake. Nobody could be seen with a pink case without drawing attention—particularly a man, which is statistically more likely. He’d feel compelled to get rid of it the moment he noticed he still had it.”
Perhaps the toy’s head wasn’t so far past her G-spot in this new position, Sherlock reflected.
“The same, uhn, same reason bondage is comforting for some and restricting for—oh, John, that’s… mm. Combination of childhood impressions, formative experiences, subconscious motivations, oh god, put it in.” Sherlock’s head dropped forwards, banging into the mirror, and he stuck his bum up wantonly. “Now. Please. I’m finally getting hard.”
But then why do you play them now??
. So John put all her weight on Sherlock, slotting a thigh between each of Sherlock’s and giving her as much of a solid surface to rut against as she could.
“Yeah,” she admitted eventually. No point in denying it, was there? “Yeah, it was… nice.”
Sherlock’s hands clamped down harder, blocking John’s windpipe entirely.
John came in less than a minute, which Sherlock only knew because she turned off the vibrator abruptly, shoved it aside, and covered her vulva with her palm, then stayed like that for several minutes, rocking slowly and gently into her hand while she panted harshly. Basking in the aftershocks. Relishing the dildo’s firmness as her muscles fluttered around it.
“Pink!” said Sherlock, and John quickened his pace, certain that he’d misheard because
John hadn’t even known there were subtitles, in fact, but he hadn’t really needed them. Tone and body language had been enough, and he’d skipped past all the bits where the consent was dodgy.
Rolling his eyes, John turned back to the sink.
Instantly, John’s fingers were in Sherlock’s hair, combing it back and massaging behind the cat ears. Praising him, rewarding him for answering. Sherlock preened and butted his head tenderly into John’s hand.
Of course it had. It had slipped from Sherlock’s pocket and, with his tossing and turning, had ended up nearer to John than him. At least he could still feel the bulge of the condoms in his other pocket, although that was slim comfort.
Sherlock sat up, rearranging his dressing gown so all the indecent bits were hidden.
“I told you I was uncomfortable with the money, I…. Christ, you made me
“Hmm. How do I open my inventory?”
Some people aren’t meant to be fathers.
And although it sounds awful—being punished like a child, being made to feel lacking—if John enjoys it, if John expects it….
“John Watson,” he said. “No. John Hamish Watson.” It was a good name, a deceptively dull and respectable name, but John disliked it. Hated it, even.
Because you make a face like :P with your tongue poking out the corner of your mouth and everything.
“Fuck me,” Sherlock says, feeling lost and stupid under the swift and staggering rush of arousal. He arches, giving John full access to his throat, and wraps his legs around John’s hips. “Please, fuck me,
“You’re an idiot,” John says calmly. “You’re actually the biggest idiot I’ve ever met because you know
“Well, that is to say,” Sherlock said quickly, at the same time that John said, “Fucking hell. Come here.”
“Don’t be a cock,” John says. “I was just saying.”
.’ ‘If that’s the sort of thing that
As he waited for the reply, his heart pounded like a hammer. His skin felt hot and tight, and he wasn’t sure if it was from anxiety or embarrassment. Possibly both.
“Don’t use the e,” Sherlock said, pacing behind where John was sat at his computer. He’d switched his full suit for a pair of pyjamas and a dressing gown. His shirt was inside out, as it often was. John wondered if that had to do with vampirism or just Sherlock’s individual eccentricities.
Actually. That reminded him.
As though John needed reminded of her own preferences. She fought the urge to laugh. “I do. When there’s a hand doing all the work. You think I want a toy with that much curve in my twat when you’ve got very little control over what exactly it’s jabbing?”
They’re all very good snogs, probably the best I’ve ever had actually.
Sherlock shrugged and lifted his own wine glass for another sip. It wasn’t the best vintage, but neither was it terrible.
. He swore he could feel warm sand beneath him, grains of it clogging his throat and stinging his eyes. A memory of the hot Afghanistan sun beat down on him like a war drum.
Sherlock touched John’s face again, and John turned his cheek into Sherlock’s palm, nuzzling the leather. The sensation and the smell calmed him, centred him, shooed the rest of the monstrous bits away until John was left with a dawning horror at what he’d just done.
And they’ve slept together in Sherlock’s room every night since then, even during the nights when Sherlock doesn’t actually sleep but instead lies motionless beside John and breathes him in like a cloud of cigarette smoke. So it would be absurd to continue keeping their clothing on different storeys of the flat. Sherlock is certain of this.
“If I’d known you were this keen to be hurt, I’d have done it ages ago.”
, he thought,
Conclusion: Sherlock is not a masochist.
, he thought dejectedly.
Then, on a whim, he stretched out his legs and snapped a photo of the shoes still on his feet, which he sent along with the text.
Sherlock shrugged one shoulder. His lips tensed and did a sort of wobble. “You needed money. You responded to the money—”
Sherlock was so focused on maintaining eye contact that he missed the movement of John’s left hand until suddenly it was on his head, giving a gentle push. It remained there, guiding Sherlock’s lips through three languid glides up and down his cock, getting it slick and wet, before he left off and Sherlock took over.
“Yeah? Could you maybe help clean up a bit and not just stand there while we’re being attacked?”
At the compliment, Sherlock sat up a bit taller. One corner of his lip ticked up. “Thank you.”
Worse was that even before the shootout and ensuing chase, Sherlock’s hair had been in a state of post-haircut floof. Now it was windblown and wild, matted in some places and sticking up in others. She looked childish and ridiculous. She looked stupidly attractive.
John didn’t know how that was obvious, but he decided to let it go in favour of focusing on the more pressing question.
chair and needled: “C’mon. It’s been ages since we watched a film together.”
“Mm?”
about Sherlock, makes him
With John’s legs free to be grabbed and moved however he pleased, Sherlock hauled him closer and draped his thighs over Sherlock’s shoulders. The position made John swear and laugh, but he obligingly lifted his hips so Sherlock could slide his hands beneath them, cupping John’s bum and bringing his hard, thick cock to Sherlock’s lips.
“Oh. Sorry, I didn’t realise. I was wondering why I didn’t seem to be damaging him.”
Just to be sure it hadn’t broken at any point in the last several weeks, he selected the camera icon on the mobile screen and snapped a photo of his hand. The result was a touch blurry, but it looked all right. The camera clearly worked, at any rate.
, you cock. You made me get
You haven’t responded yet. I’m probably overthinking this, but on the off chance I’m not, you can text or ring if email’s too much of a bother. My number is 07700 900597.
Fact: Sherlock has not once managed to sustain an erection (traditionally considered the most reliable indicator of sexual enjoyment and desire to engage in sexual activity) while being hurt.
, John thought.
“Lied. Obviously. John is tolerant of any number of faults.”
18 May, 7:04 a.m.
“No,” he cries, hips jerking, trying to fuck himself some more even as the knot swells thicker inside him. “No, no, please, Sherlock, just a little—”
“Please,” John says.
“No,” Sherlock said, hardly paying attention to him any longer, now that he had something concrete to ponder. “No, it’s… fine, good. Thank you.”
“It fucking isn’t.” John does spit this time, a small spray that falls to the floor between them. “It— I— Your cases are hardly a fair representation of all marriages.”
Half-turning on her side, Sherlock put her left hand between John’s legs. Instinctively, John thrust into it, felt the pressure and the slick glide of her labia over her clit, and whimpered. It wasn’t Sherlock’s long, lovely fingers in her cunt, but it would do. Hell, it would more than do—it was brilliant. Her thighs fell open, as wide as her trousers would allow, and Sherlock’s hand curled into a fist, pressing firmly just below where John needed it most. John grabbed and moved it, fairly mashing it against her.
“Like
As it turned out, John didn’t even need to try. Sherlock tore his own clothes off as soon as he climbed off the sofa and, when he was as nude as John, led John straight to the bedroom.
That put a stop to Sherlock’s biting. He jerked back, shocked, and John couldn’t help but grin, suddenly giddy with his own impulsiveness and success at apparently continuing to be
Immediately, Mrs Hudson heard the deep motorbike-ish rumble of his purr. At the sound, John’s eyelids drooped and his tail curved at the tip and rose and fell like a gentle, sleepy wave.
John blinked, not sure if that was the sort of thing you offered condolences for or not. Sherlock didn’t seem bothered, however, and carried on as though he hadn’t just revealed a potential childhood trauma over dinner.
Instead, he said, “I don’t care. I don’t want you to.” And although it was playing a bit dirty and would probably distract them both from the subject at hand, as soon as he saw Sherlock open his mouth to argue John forged ahead: “And you were going to give me everything I wanted, weren’t you, Daddy?”
Sherlock’s lips curled into an amused grin, and he retreated back to his side of the taxi. “If it gets too uncomfortable, you can cover part of your face as well.”
Oh. Was that all? John nearly giggled. “I am a bit. Just enough. It’s fine.”
Then he notices that John’s lips have quirked up at one corner, that his eyes are practically shining with amusement. “Ha. It’s taken years, but I’m finally beginning to tell when you’re fibbing. I meant it, though. If you want me to give your hair a good tug, or anything else, I’m… keen. Very keen.”
. It was exactly what John had thought. He shook his head.
“... Well. Do you?”
Perhaps, when John had satisfied herself, she’d let Sherlock sit up and have her again like that. Bounce her in Sherlock’s lap while Sherlock mouthed at her smooth, lovely breasts and suckled at her nipples until each one was a hard wet pebble and John’s hands were knotted in Sherlock’s curls, holding on for dear life as Sherlock fucked her through another orgasm or three.
, Sherlock thought despairingly.
“Yes,” Sherlock said, “all for now, I think. I’ll walk you out.”
“All right?” John asked, just to be sure. “Do you need me to let—”
7:16 p.m.
“On a scale of one to ten,” said John, peering at him, “how out of it are you right now?”
“Piss off. I wasn’t paying any attention to what he looked like when I chose this character. It said he wielded guns and had high defence, and that’s what I wanted.”
Sherlock braces himself, prepares for a starburst of pain on his left arse cheek, but it’s the sound—the
John is a sadist, obviously. He is undeniably sexually aroused by the act of inflicting pain on Sherlock. (And at that thought, Sherlock loses himself for several long minutes picturing John’s hard cock, the sight of it straining against John’s trousers, the feel of it hot against Sherlock’s skin even through the layers of fabric.)
John took a sip of his coffee—although it was still too hot by far and burned the tip of his tongue—before he answered. “I beg your pardon?”
Then Sherlock kissed him, and all John could feel was how warm he was, how soft and gentle his mouth. Hesitant, despite his sham of infinite confidence. So John grabbed him by the coat collar and pulled him closer.
John freezes, one hand on the bouncer while the other holds Rosie steady. “Beg your pardon?”
John, leaning on the back of her own chair across from Sherlock, nodded slowly, clearly waiting for Sherlock to expand on that, although Sherlock had no desire to. “Okay… so is that a yes?”
Sherlock puffed his chest, the way he did when he thought he was about to be terribly impressive. “No. Obviously I’m y—”
Sherlock ached with the desire to put her mouth on them and help them along. Never, in the two years that she had been longing silently, had Sherlock been more aware of how attractive John Watson was. No one else could possibly compare.
“You,” John began, then had to stop and shake his head, regathering his thoughts: how the first thing Sherlock had said to him when he’d asked had been ‘Pink’ and how that, somehow, had led them here. “
A little soppier than John meant it to be, but it was honest, so he supposed it would do. He posted it and then got up to make himself a cup of tea.
John lays a gloved hand just below Sherlock’s sternum, pressing gently down and massaging his skin reassuringly, soothingly. The scalpel is abandoned, somewhere out of sight. Sherlock takes a deep, calming breath, summoning the mental image of John’s initials in his skin and the memory of John pawing at his reddened arse, loving the sight of Sherlock marked by him just as much as Sherlock loved the sensation.
John realises. It’s only just occurred to him when suddenly Sherlock’s tongue withdraws from his arse and trails down one thigh, then up the other, lapping up the come that’s leaked out.
“Oh good,” Sherlock says, and although the heavy fog of sleep has already threatened to descend again, he attempts to rouse himself. “You’re awake. I want you to pull my hair.”
Annoyance won out. He stabbed at the screen with his finger as he replied.
A bang, followed by a softer thud, from elsewhere in the flat stopped him short. He lifted his head, gasping, his hair stuck to his temples with sweat. His brain spun and spun, pushing past the haze to identify the sounds: front door, heavy shoes kicked immediately off indicating familiarity, approaching footsteps, quick stride, wide stance—
“Bit of a shit day, to be honest, but beyond that—”
But… oh what did it matter? He didn’t care. Why should he care?
An article in one of the papers at the time noted that the boy’s shoes were missing. All his other clothes were safely secured in his locker at the pool, but there was no sign of his shoes. Seemed more than a bit suspicious, I thought, but nobody else seemed to think it was important.
“John,” he says. The only word that matters. His sun, his black hole. The centre of gravity in his useless galaxy of existence. “John.”
Of course he hasn’t. Mummy would’ve turned absolutely monstrous if someone had struck him as a child, and he’s never taken a recreational interest until now, until John. Sherlock shakes his head, scowling down at the duvet.
Besides, for the moment at least, John seems content to allow Sherlock to remain plastered against his back. He stays hovering at the cusp of stage one sleep, snuffling and twitching a bit if Sherlock breathes particularly deeply or tries to shift position, but never waking fully.
When John’s trousers were open, Sherlock concentrated on getting his pants out of the way. To his delight, John assisted by sitting up and shucking everything below the waist entirely. The trousers, pants, and socks flew over Sherlock’s head and landed somewhere behind him, where they were promptly forgotten.
John stared. “Okay?”
John shushed him gently. “Shh. It’s all right. I know what you need.”
John, kneeling on the carpet in front of Sherlock’s chair, settles back on his haunches, abandoning his scrutiny of Sherlock’s largest bite mark. “I beg your pardon?”
God I’m sorry. I’m so sorry.
“You don’t,” John began, then had to pause to catch her breath. Her breasts heaved and her thighs were tense, but still she kept penetrating herself, albeit less eagerly than before. “You don’t have to talks about cocks, you know.”
It flew forwards and sailed right below Sherlock’s kicking feet. It struck the wall behind him, ricocheted, and was still.
“Apologies, Rosie,” Sherlock said, standing up with the toy still in hand, “but I think that your daddy might appreciate some tea.”
But then John sat back in his chair and looked around.
, Sherlock thought.
, as she’d found it amongst the other plain pet jumpers, but as it reminded Mrs Hudson of a pair of Army fatigues, she supposed it would do in a pinch.
“Aside from me,” Sherlock amended.
“Dinner?” Sherlock asked.
. I have a comprehensive knowledge of venomous creatures. If I had to waste valuable time
I should get back to work now I suppose. I’ve been holed up in here, like you said, for too long.
By the way that’s the stupidest fucking thing I’ve ever heard, you being disappointed you weren’t hurt.
John had used it—recently. Perhaps even so recent as the last 12 hours.
Which was complete bollocks. John hadn’t been worrying about this for the last day and a half just to be brushed off now. “That’s what
“God,” John groans, kissing his jaw and then the side of his neck. “That feels good, doesn’t it? You’re gorgeous. Come on, Sherlock. Give it to it good and hard.”
The scarf. John had completely forgot about it. He couldn’t even remember what he’d done to the Harrods bag when he’d got back to the flat last night.
Molly popped by later and sat twisting her hands in her lap while Mrs Hudson coolly served her lukewarm tea and biscuits that were very nearly stale.
John’s smile shifted, one corner curving deliciously upwards. Still rueful, still flirty, but also knowing. As though they were sharing an inside joke—and perhaps they were.
Oh fuck, John realised. He was absolutely, utterly besotted with Sherlock. The creepiness and the presumptuous arrogance and the making John uncomfortable—all of that, and what had John done? Lost his bloody head over him.
The most active role anyone had ever taken helping her get off, the only time anyone had ever touched her feet sexually, the most honest she had been about her sexuality since Victor Trevor in uni.
That Sherlock isn’t erect—nor is John, for that matter—is unfortunate, but not irreparable. They’ve not started yet, after all. Everything will be fine, Sherlock thinks.
“All right,” John said when he’d swallowed his generous sip. “You’re right, of course. It’s… well, it’s not all that important, all things considering, but I did want to tell you something.”
“Sorry, just need the ladies’!” she called as she made for the door. “Back in a tick.”
“What were you looking for, anyway?” interrupted Bill. John was suddenly very interested in his gloves. He didn’t want the men to know he almost took a dive because of a stupid fish.
He snapped Harry’s reins and the reindeer galloped faster still, huffing with effort. After a few seconds, steam started to rise from her fur, and Sherlock suddenly realised that she wouldn’t be able to outrun the wolves much longer.
