But Tony’s only response, in the armor’s robotic voice, was: “Follow me.”
“You replaced your heart with a machine?” Steve said, brows furrowed.
Tony catches sight of him and his whole face lights up. His eyes crinkle and he smiles his real smile, a little lopsided. The sharp edges of his beard are starting to soften; he needs a trim.
But the greater impulse, the one that sees an empty space beside Tony and demands he fill it, pushes him forward. He clears his throat and comes around the small fold-up table where Tony’s working so that he can sit next to him on the couch.
Tony knew Steve’s blushes very well by now. He had made a point of becoming an expert in Steve Rogers’ blushes, in fact, and so he knew exactly what this one meant.
By night, they explored the city. Tony knew Xandarian so well Steve had assumed he’d been there before, but he hadn’t: every sight had him breathless with awe; every discovery delighted him. Steve spent a lot of time with Tony, that week. Usually the whole crew set out together, but they’d split off into smaller groups as the night went on – Sam and Nat going one way, Janet arm-in-arm with Bruce and Peter. Sometimes, Tony would wander off early without telling anyone, so Steve kept an eye on him in case Tony got distracted and made a detour.
“How did you
He took them back to the ship to pick up an overnight bag he’d packed for the occasion, refusing to let Steve peek inside. From there, they flagged down a self-piloting trolley, and Tony keyed in the coordinates of their destination, but Steve almost had a heart attack when Tony scanned an ID card and used Links to pay.
Steve pulled away just enough to turn Tony in his arms. “I’m listening,” he said, when they were face to face.
His mouth tingled with want.
Steve shook himself out of that train of thought, embarrassed even in the privacy of his own head.
said a treacherous voice in his head, but Steve remembered the lingering looks Tony had given him as recently as yesterday, remembered cooking together and exploring Xandar, and the way Tony would reach for him when it was early and he hadn’t had his coffee yet and he was too tired for restraint. These early morning touches were small and sweet. Steve would sit down next to Tony with a screen in hand to check the news, and Tony – eyes half-closed – would mumble his name, and he’d brush his fingers over Steve’s wrist or shoulder in greeting, or even, once, run them affectionately through Steve’s hair. And then his hand would drop and his head would droop and he’d return all his attention to his coffee mug, and Steve would be warm wherever Tony had touched him for the next hour.
But Steve kept himself under control. He wasn’t ready yet. Tony was his crewmate now, not just some rebound. Tony was his friend. Steve wasn’t going to do anything if there was a chance he might get it wrong, and lose this.
Space wasn’t infinite, of course. Not really. Still, Tony could – and would – spend his whole life exploring it and still not see everything there was to see, or learn everything there was to learn.
“Fuck.”
“Yeah, you're sweaty and spermy and lube-y, you need it.”
And then he started to think that would a relationship with Johnny Storm be that bad? They weren't identical – Steve didn't think of himself when he looked at him – so that wasn't really a problem. Storm was a horrible flirt, but Bucky had been a horrible flirt and Steve had carried a torch for him for ages. He didn't know the man well enough to say much else. He was attractive and was a good guy and kissing him had felt quite nice.
And that's what art was for.
“Oh fuck,” Tony groaned and proved Steve right.
Steve became careless for a second, just wanting it to end so he could go home and sulk. He didn't get his shield to the right position in time and took a bullet to his left shoulder. He couldn't help a groan, but at least it cleared his head a bit. He took the shooter out with the shield.
Tony tensed noticeably. “I broke up with Pepper because I'm in love with you.”
He should have texted Tony.
Steve wasn't sure he had thought through the whole going slow thing. Because. Well. Honestly, he was horny.
“I really want to kiss you right now,” he blurted instead.
Tony looked everywhere but Steve. “About my – feelings. Towards you.”
Soon the water was getting cold and they got out, toweling off. They changed the bedsheets before falling down on the clean ones.
“Please,” he moaned as his hips jerked at the intense thought. Tony seemed to understand his need, because he slipped his hand into Steve's boxers and took him into his hand.
“I have a new suit for you,” Tony said suddenly when Steve was about to leave.
Steve chuckled. “Well. If it makes you warm and giggly.”
Still a bit paranoid he glanced around if anyone was staring, then threw his other leg over the bike and sat behind Storm. The back bag guaranteed that he didn't have to sit that close to the other man.
Of course he got a message just then.
”Let's go to bed.”
Johnny looked really enticing and Steve thought about just getting them under the covers and close to each other. He didn't need sleep though, and he wasn't sure sleeping like that with Johnny would be welcome or not weird.
Steve decided not to think about it and just enjoyed the ride.
“At what?” Steve asked, because while he didn't mean to be so dense and difficult, he wanted one straight answer. To just know what the hell was going on. Was Tony just attracted to him or –
Steve heard a choked off laugh from behind him. Clint, since the sound was male. Bruce wouldn't find this that funny, Thor didn't choke off his laughs and Tony still had his helmet on.
*****
“May I just say that I wholeheartedly support all your ravishing needs, but I would really fucking much like to see you spread naked on my bed.”
Steve moved to the other side of Storm, not really wanting to lose the full-body contact, but hoping that maybe Storm would quicker notice his need.
*****
. In the last few days he had started to
”What are you looking for?” Steve asked as he went to the kitchenette.
Steve chuckled, because it seemed like Tony had a one track mind when it came to him.
“Point,” Johnny laughed. Then he grew silent before giving Steve a lewd smile. “You wouldn't be up for another kind of blowing?”
“If you want,” Steve said, sitting down on the couch next to Johnny.
“I was waiting for it to get to the fucking,” Johnny said.
Johnny complied, picking up pace with his hand, pressing his lips against any bit of skin he could get to. “God, you'd take it so hard, wouldn't you?” He whispered against Steve's neck.
”And achieve what? Lose precious time trying to explain things to you so that you can shoot me down? Don't think so,” Tony said.
“Then I have to make the
Steve smiled.  “I said okay.”
; Steve doubted he'd mind being given orders in bed.
Steve put the shield in place on his back and stepped closer to Tony. He had never flown any longer distances with Tony and didn't know how to proceed. Before, he had just taken Tony's hand and gotten a quick lift to where ever he was needed, but it wouldn't do now.
“Cock hungry
So it was his serum enhanced looks and the legend looming over him. ”Right.”
Right, well. “He was fine.”
“I was wondering – “ he started, but grew silent when he glanced back at the screen. The darker one of the porn stars had his face between the other's buttocks, licking and sucking, thrusting his tongue
Steve dared a look around and saw Tony being very unimpressed by his silent audience and Clint watching the TV with his eyes as big as saucers.
”I think we'll sit here for a while, admire the car, enjoy the silence and so on. You can go.”
“What?”
His helmet was in his room, though. And apparently it was illegal to not wear one when riding a motorcycle nowadays.
”It wouldn't be anything, since it's not going to happen,” Steve bit out.
Then suddenly Storm groaned and Steve could feel his cock pulsing in his hand, getting his grip wet with semen.
A flirtatious smile formed slowly on Tony's face and all Steve could think was
Part of him did, just to spite Tony, but the other part was very sleepy.
after cutting my business meeting short to get to – back here. So I don't know, what am I supposed to think?”
“Okay as in yes, you can have it. Me. Or we can at least give it a go. But we'll take it slow.”
Steve thought about sneaking back to the tower versus not sleeping alone.
“Okay, Tony,” Steve said and smiled. While he wasn't ready to talk about love himself, he didn't mind Tony saying it to him. Quite the opposite.
Steve thought about it, and figured it'd be quite nice actually, to learn something new, no matter how small.
”Was his arrow pointing at you?”
“It'll heal, and he was the last one here.”
“Come here,” he said and was relieved when Tony did, not exactly throwing himself onto him, but a close thing. Their lips met, hard and demanding, and God, Tony could kiss -- open mouthed and hot and making Steve moan and pull Tony onto his lap.
*****
“And you reek like a drunkard, but I don't care.”
“Him,” Steve corrected.
“I couldn't get matching pants?” Steve asked half jokingly, trying to wrangle into the undershirt, because the black shirt looked a bit ridiculous with his blue pants and red boots.
“Oh, yeah,” Tony said and, God, pushed a finger against him, then gently inside him, “You're great, it's like I never fucked you in the first place.”
Storm moaned into his mouth and started to lift his hips in a rhythm to Steve's hand. Steve pushed Storm down, never releasing his grip on the man's cock, and supported himself with his other hand just above him, leaving a bit of room between them. Storm's hands flew almost immediately to Steve's back and ass, trying to pull them tighter together. Steve let Storm take most of his weight, tucking his face against the other man's neck. It made it harder to move his hand, but Storm didn't seem to mind, being content to just push into it.
Because God, what the heck was he doing?
”You know, it's not just that I don't do well with orders, it's the taking orders from a stuck-up, self-righteous prick that's the bigger problem here.”
, which Steve had not only expected but actually waited for. But then, Jesus, every once in a while Steve would catch him staring with such blatant desire that his mouth went dry.
Tony started thrusting again, going straight for fast and hard. It wasn't exactly that comfortable anymore, but Tony using him like that was actually really arousing. Steve wondered if he could go for several times in a row.
”Tony, I didn't mean – ”
Steve closed his eyes as he climaxed, but he felt some of the ejaculation landing on his stomach.
Storm just gave him this look, like he knew better. Steve decided to leave it there. Which was easy since the food came then.
Having sex had relieved some of the tension between them, but things weren't any sort of easy yet. They had started the whole relationship backwards, deciding to be together before really being together, so all rules and limits were still to be tested. Steve had no idea what was okay and what wasn't.
Tony held up the expensive watch Steve had gotten him for their five year anniversary. It was nowhere as expensive as whatever Tony would’ve bought, but for Steve it had taken ages to save up. Tony had worn the watch ever since.
“You didn’t mean a babysitter”, he stated.
“Tell me about that friend of yours.”
Steve looked at Sir and then at the cage. Biting his lip.
“Yes. You… told me a few times.”
“Hu, so that’s it? I get stuck with chores and you play?” Tony asked teasingly, but nodded.
Bucky never told Steve if his fiancé had asked about him. Which, if Steve thought about it, they weren’t anymore probably. Tony couldn’t remember him. Tony couldn’t remember anything, if what Rhodes had told him was correct.
It had the desired effect and Morgan giggled, looking up at Tony.
It wasn’t a question. The man in front of him tried his best to appear as harmless as possible, trying to highlight the positive aspects of the pack in every way possible.
“Tony, really, no one could blame…”
Steve was sure he gaped at Sir. When Sir chuckled and pressed his fingers into Steve’s open mouth, Steve could only blink, but let his mouth stay open until Sir took his fingers out and pushed it shut.
“Oh… uhm… I… didn’t know that. I thought…  We can stay back if that’s what you would prefer?”
“It’s… I don’t….”
“So, want to come? Need to put up some metal fences. Could need help. And with that I mean you will do all the work while I watch you and we both pretend I am not ogling. Come on, shoo shoo, daylight’s wasting.”
The thought didn’t leave Tony. Not when he worked on some kind of weapon in the laboratory They had given him.
“They make you uncomfy. And nervous. We don’t need them. We can go home and be comfy again.”
Steve pressed a kiss to his boyfriend’s hair and went downstairs, informing the others of their sped up plans.
Steve swallowed and nodded.
Morgan grinned and nodded. And while Tony didn’t doubt one second that she wanted to run away, wanted to run to where the kids and cubs where playing, she stayed with Tony.
“I think we can let it count for once.” Tony said, hoping the huge smile on Steve’s face didn’t go away, like, forever.
“Uhm, I wasn’t sure what you would like or anything but… here the first thing we have to prove is that we could provide everything. You don’t seem to be the type that actually needs help hunting or anything, but I thought you and Morgan might like them?”
“I am not a child.”
“No. Not from my side, Steve. Why?”
“Loreley has issues with breathing. She cannot sit still for more than a few minutes, and cannot follow discussions. She’s worse than Peter and I, and we are already bad.”
“Sure it is.” Steve murmured, before nodding.
Steve knew that it had to come again, but he still felt all cold. The last time Sir went on a business trip had ended badly with Steve dropping. It could have happened anytime, he knew that (and after a few weeks, Sir tried to know that, too), but it still was now a connection that Steve really wished he didn’t have.
Steve snorted.
“Why should we? I thought you wanted to meet them?”
Tony pushed the bags under the bed, grabbed his working bag instead.
~*~*~
Steve sat down faraway with his grub and didn’t look up, which was mainly the reason why he startled as much as he did when Tony suddenly cleared his throat, sitting on the other side of the table. Making Steve remember how they met.
Steve grimaced and shook his head. Of course Tony would like to know.
“Uncomfortable, Sweet Pea.” Tony corrected automatically and just wondered what he had done to deserve her.
“I heard Loki say it gets worse to Thor. I assume she had it before. An inhalator from you disappeared, an unused one. He’s clearly worried that she has more than just a bit of asthma.”
“Sorry, no, I… maybe we did that wrong? We aren’t an overall traditional pack and you seemed you wanted to be left alone so we thought it would be a bit much to suddenly knock on your door and ask you over for dinner and… I didn’t want to scare you.”
Steve beamed and Tony turned away, blushing.
Tony smiled wryly when Steve realized why Tony asked.
It was dead in the night when he finally gave up and extracted himself from Steve, slowly walking down the stairs. It was a strange feeling, but then the rumors had said that They were controlling and they couldn’t be seen sharing the same floor. The Sho'ro'ts would come to the conclusion that something was going on.
Morgan was in her wolf form. Playing with another wolf. A big, white one.
Sir pushed Steve’s legs to the side and sat down.
But the one thing that stood out was the way Thor grinned openly and not for his niece, the first time since Tony met the guy.
No pack offers to
“I am happy you could come.”
He had always declined, claiming that the way he worked now made him more useful. The Sho'ro'ts were irritated, but then they didn’t understand Humans and thought that some needed to live in the dirt.
Tony wanted to scream. He craved a drink. He turned around, smiling at Morgan.
“I patched together that I hit my head. But… what happened? I cannot imagine going to sleep and then waking up being John Doe.”
“Okay, sure, but… a farm? I mean… how can I imagine a farm somewhere where… well… the headspace would work?” Steve asked. He couldn’t really see Dolly doing some farm work.
“Sure. Just… where I can see you.”
“Morgan isn’t up for courting for one of the kids.” Tony said, voice angry. Steve actually looked disgusted and shocked by that.
Tony didn’t tell her that he would make sure they would never get back to their old pack. Just like he had made sure that she never realized why they had to go in the middle of the night at all.
“That sounds nice”
“I… we would appreciate it if you would give us the honour to join us tonight. That’s why I came. We thought it would be easier to give the invitation like that as you didn’t take any of the pack or courting gifts I left. We have a big celebration later, the harvest season starts. So if you want to join, the pack would be very happy. I would be delighted, but that’s… that’s on a different page.”
Steve nodded. Tony’s mouth twitched and Steve realized there was something that Tony was calculating. If he should say it. Steve had seen that look often enough.
Tony looked up, confused, a small, framed picture in his hand. Steve  knew it. It had Tony’s parents in it and someone named Ana and Jarvis. And Tony, when he was still a small child. Steve didn’t know who they were, probably friend’s of Tony’s parents. Tony never really talked about them, but that picture seemed to be important.
Sir wiped away the tears and nodded.
A wolf watching from behind the bushes wasn’t unusual. Mostly it was a big brown one, probably the Beta of the pack. Tony did his best to ignore him.
“Sure. And where to? I heard They were everywhere. Or are we running to another galaxy now?” Tony asked, pressing into the gentle touch from his boyfriend.
“There are kids around. Why… oh.”
“But that’s Steve!”
Steve felt as if someone had punched him. He felt a tingling in his lower regions. He blinked and looked down, feeling himself blushing.
“You think you’re okay on your own or do you need to get watched?”
The white one didn’t have a schedule. He appeared whenever Tony was outside. He always made sure to be seen by Morgan anymore.
“What the hell gives you the impression that we want to join a pack?”
“Uhm… yes… I should have thought of introducing myself. Steve Rogers.”
Tony blushed. Then he thought about it.
He thought about it when he watched the small girl that came with the new housemates, brothers who couldn’t be more different.
He just closed his eyes, savoring every soft touch his boyfriend gave him. Just in case.
“But Daaaaad….”
Tony smiled and nodded, putting the bag into the car and got himself one out. They smelled delicious. And when he took a bite, they tasted like heaven and christmas and something else.
“Rhodey told me you know me. Barnes told me that you both know me.”
Steve snorted.
“Tony Stark. You put the gifts down.”
“We can go home Dad.”
He didn’t touch the package. Gifts were dangerous.
And now they were both sitting in the truck, Tony just staring at what was probably the market place where people had set up a few tents and tables and were laughing, people in wolf-form, in their human form…
“I don’t want to hear… I have no clue what I want to hear. I assume you gave me this watch?”
Steve grinned and stood up. They might not be what they were before, might never be. But they could start new.
It had been heaven compared to the last few days.
“If it’s something you’re not sure I want, I cannot tell you without knowing. I am a big boy, I can speak up if I don’t like the idea of something.”
“I don’t care. I don’t care if it’s a werewolf, I don’t care if that’s a normal wolf, I simply don’t care, Morgan. What you just did was dangerous! The best case is that it’s a normal wolf, but if it’s a werewolf, then he has a pack and it’s certainly not good to attract attention from a stranger pack without the permission of their Alpha or without any reason.”
“A farm?”
“May I Dad? I don’t wanna do chores. I already tidied up my room!”
Steve shook his head.
It didn’t make the hurting any less when he saw Tony sitting in the canteen, talking to a young man, his eyes bright while the man - boy, really - gesturing wildly with his hands.
But when Tony asked her, she just shrugged.
Tony didn’t answer. He had heard of those Districts, too. They all had. Modern legends to keep them sane. Maybe they even existed. Tony didn’t dare to hope.
“The cage will only be here on your Dolly-Days. It can contain two dildos, one for your mouth, one for your cunt. From vacation I know that you can sleep without an issue like that, but if you realize that this isn’t working when we are at home, I want to know. You won’t always sleep in it, but often enough. And often enough you will be in it without sleeping.” Sir said, pulling his arms around Steve’s waist.
“Be honest, self-baked?” Tony asked, trying to go for teasing. If it didn't work, Steve didn’t let it show. Instead he looked down, sheepishly.
“You want to stay? Cool. But there’s a kid that will die. Either because she cannot get the medicine she needs or because she gets another disease or anything else. That’s not… I cannot…”
“Hello young lady. If your Dad allows it, I can bring you to the other kid’s. Except if you want to do some chores.” Natasha said, saying the word chores like any other would say they needed to clean a decade old toilet that never see a brush.
“When do we start?” Steve asked, a glee in his eyes.
“We will see if I can do that.”
“We don’t need to go.”
Specialists like Tony. Steve didn’t know exactly what it was that Tony did, but it seemed he could do anything as long as it involved technical or mechanical knowledge. Compared to most other people Steve knew, Tony could have a very nice life. He knew that Tony would be Head of the House already for a smaller house if he were willing.
“Good.”
“Steve told us you might be coming. I’m Natasha.”
“There are two options. We go in smaller groups and each tries to make it on their own. Or we prepare everything, wait for a time when it’s not as bad as usual and make a go for it all on the same day and meet up somewhere to continue as a group.” Bucky said. Tony and he had talked a lot about it.
Tony threw a glance at the white wolf, who still sat very still. He didn’t have permission to change and accepted that.
“A… anything else, Sir?” Steve asked, already knowing it… wasn’t the wrong thing to say, but it was something that would make Sir sit up and take notice.
The man, Steve, blinked at Tony as if he completely forgot that fact. A sheepish look crossed his face.
“You are Steve.”
A few long seconds later there was a metallic knock, the sound of an armoured Sho'ro'ts demanding entrance.
“Alcohol? Mating dances? Public matings? Any of that?”
Tony stopped in his tracks, staring into nothing.
The easy smile on the guy’s face fell a bit.
His face fell when he saw Steve. When Tony turned around, his face became blank. Steve swallowed and nodded, slowly going forwards, determined to show Tony that he won’t be a problem. He won’t pressure him in anything or… he meant it. If Tony needed it, he would be up as soon there was a chance to walk away. Hell, he would probably try and die trying if Tony wanted it sooner.
Sir stood up and gave Steve the tablet.
When they stopped, Tony was glad. It only occured him a week later that tantrums like that never completely stopped. Morgan didn’t even ask about the forest anymore.
Steve blinked.
He clicked open his seatbelt and got out of the car, taking a deep breath and opened Morgan’s door, getting her out of her recliner.
“We… the old pack was very old fashioned. We gave courting gifts in person. Just in case you want to try again.”
“We didn’t want to pressure you or anything. We just… to be fair, it’s a rare thing for other wolves to come near us so maybe it was a bit much?”
It sounded awesome. But Steve didn’t say that, because this was already humiliating enough to just… talk about it.
, was what it practically screamed.
“Thank you, Sir. The other days…?”
The morning when there was suddenly a bigger package, obviously hand wrapped with meat and several different kinds of vegetables in it, Tony looked for a job and a house in another city, far away from everything they both knew.
“Which one?”
Tony looked at it. He knew that settlement. They had driven past it on their way to the cabin. Tony nodded and turned around, walking back to the cabin, back to his daughter who probably had already the best excuse for drawing on the walls again before turning around.
Steve thought about it shortly. It wasn’t really that different than before, the only exception now, that it was official. And he found that this was maybe exactly what he needed.
Bucky raised an eyebrow.
“No safeword, or… boundaries, please. At least not for the Dolly-Days. I just want… want to be completely… Like…”
Sir would just show him some things that would be integrated in his daily life as Sir’s Dolly. Nothing much, probably. And Sir certainly wouldn’t show Steve everything. It was just… more than the last few weeks. This morning, Sir had even teased him a bit while putting in the plug. Not much, just a bit.
“I don’t want any problems. No need to come after us.”
What wasn’t nice, though, was the way Tony actually avoided him. Everytime Steve went into a room and Tony was there, the other man stood up and went somewhere else. It seemed to be with Steve only as Bucky had told him that Tony had helped with his prosthesis.
“But instead of Peter and me, she is not needed. She is just another sick child that will grow into a sick woman. She will be dead in a few years should the Sho'ro'ts find out.”
No answer, Morgan already runned towards the other children. Tony knew she had heard him.
With that, Sir went to the lift, winking at Steve who still looked like a deer caught in the headlights at Sir and then at the closed lift door.
“There’s also the option, but this would be the more extreme one obviously, that we bring you down into your headspace and you stay there until I come back. I know someone who… offers this experience for subs. Let’s call it a farm. He can tell you more about that if you want to, but basically it’s a mix between pet watching and just subs living out very different fantasies. That would require of course that you’re on vacation during that time and that people would assume you’re with me.”
“We aren’t a small group.”
“Yes. People have the strangest kinks if you remember.” Sir said, grinning at Steve who couldn’t help to grin back.
“The other days will be a mix between the way we were before and a few stricter rules. Cut down freetime, or, more likely, I will decide what you will do in your free time. This includes activities, meetings or plainly relaxing. Your only say in this is the safeword to stop everything right now. You can always bring concerns to me like before, we will always work together to make sure that you won’t be frustrated, but in the end, it’s my call.”
The young man was nowhere in sight.
“But we don’t have one anymore.” Morgan whispered sadly, making Tony’s break.
Which, to be fair, looked like the mensa he had when he started college.
She did. She had assumed they were moving, but she did.
When Steve went into the bedroom, it might have been true. Sure, their bed was still in the middle of it. There were still their dressers (or, Steve’s dresser, because Sir refused to give up his walk in closet). Everything was normal. Except, there was a cage again. A small cage, probably barely big enough that Steve fit into it without a problem on all fours. There was a rod on the one end and one at the door of the cage, obviously made to hold something.
Steve blinked.
“We both know which one.”
“So, there is this rumor that one small girl can produce weapons big enough to make the Sho'ro'ts shiver, which is the reason why they try to take over that District with as much force as possible, but they can’t because said girl invented something that keeps them out. And now you want us all to follow you into death, running after that legend.”
Tony mustered the blonde guy.
Tony looked down to the bag
He might be an acceptable cook, but baking wasn’t his forte. And Morgan just loved cookies.
He thought about it when Sam and he went to the Food Line because it was their turn.
Not when he walked past another burning house, someone still screaming inside it.
“Not that you need to say yes. Of course not. The pack would still welcome you.”
Sir chuckled and grabbed his tablet from the table.
The woman looked at Morgan and waved, a smile on her face that reached her eyes and was warm enough, but hid something that made Tony’s own wolf whine.
Bucky and he had been here for days now, the Crowd not getting less, the rasping breathing and sometimes moaning every time they were outside an always present noise.
“Yes. I...  Listen, I am the one who intrudes here. I get that. And I meant it, as soon as the Crowd lightens I can be out of here.”
“Hey!”, the guy said while Tony put another bag into the truck.
“No, not really. I have a few friends with similar likings that could watch you. Watch the progress you make, make sure you won’t lose track, make sure someone is there in the worst case. Of course, not everything would be done like we do it, but it could help.”
She had made it very clear for more than once that she missed having a pack. And now his four-year old daughter offered him to go home.
Tony made that half unbelievingly laugh and shook his head.
They had gotten tasks. Which was probably the most ridiculous thing in this whole thing. They had gotten tasks like teenagers. Washing dishes, helping in the garden or help to build and renovate the buildings that were on the ground the group used. To make more space for others that might cross them.
“You see, this is the best kind of farm to stay in your headspace. Depending on what you want, you can simply be put down as a breeder. Be it human, be it dogs, be it both, that’s your choice, Sweetcheeks.”
“It gets worse. They need more medical help. It’s time to take our leave and go.” Tony murmurs, looking out of the window to see Bruce and Loki getting herded into one of the small, flying trucks the Sho'ro'ts used for transportation.
“The mirrors are there to drive it into your brain, whenever I leave you in your cage, that you are just a toy to play with. The cage, by the way, can be put away without an issue, so if I want to, I put you in the closet or another room for the night. Both dildos will be able to be connected to a tube, allowing me to insert any liquid I might want.”
He was still glad for the quiet.
Tony snorted and shook his head, looking at Steve as if he completely lost his mind. The other man probably did, but he smiled while he looked at Tony, eyes soft. It was only half as serious as it could be.
“Tony. That’s Morgan.”
Sir just snipped his fingers in front of Steve’s face.
Tony swallowed.
Natasha walked after her, just fast enough not to loose her, slow enough to pretend that Morgan had run away from her.
“I know.” He secured his arms around Tony’s waist and pressed his cold nose into Tony’s cheek, startling a laugh out of him.
beautiful.
Tony stood alone in the bridge and watched the stars through the Nomad’s great forward-facing windows. Jan had gone to bed and the Nomad – with JARVIS’ aid – was on autopilot. They’d left Stark behind earlier that day, with promises to visit when they could, and Tony was finally feeling well enough not to pass out right after dinner. Steve was getting in a workout before bed, and the others were scattered about the ship. But this was his favorite place on the Nomad, here where he could look out into the infinite space and see what he’d sacrificed everything for: freedom.
“I’m fine,” Steve said.
,” he begged.
Steve thinks, but he’s too dazed to be as furious with himself as he should be. And it’s hard to be upset about lost time when
“Come on, come on,” Jan chanted. They had almost breached the atmosphere. From there, they’d be able to activate the warp drive and at least have a chance at getting away.
. But this man had liked it enough to choose it out of all the other ships – hundreds of them – docked in the spaceport. There were flashier ships, newer ships, ships with so many people a stranger would’ve been able to blend right in, ships with things worth stealing. Ships with engines that were probably so fuel efficient they didn’t need any improvement. But he’d picked the Nomad.
And Natasha had broken in at last: “Steve, Tony is coming with us. Tony, Steve is trying to be noble and failing miserably. Both of you, please, relax. For once.”
And then one of the experiments they’d had simmering in a corner blew up, JARVIS sounded an alarm that sent Steve and Sam barreling into the lab, and Tony forgot all about the black armbands. In his mind, it was already filed away:
name was. As an adult who’d lived through an extraterrestrial war, he thought… that sounded a lot like an alien name.
“It got me a date, didn’t it?” Tony says, in that sly tone of voice that means Steve is in for some merciless ribbing. “If I hadn’t made it, you probably would’ve gone on thinking I was straight for another ten years.”
Tony shot him a sympathetic glance. “And if they find you all… they turn you in to the military?”
His second body was nearly sixty before he’d been trained to their satisfaction, and once he had earned back all his stripes, they had the third body ready and waiting for him.
. I don’t have noble reasons. I’m just indulging a dream of mine; I just want to be an explorer, like some kid who never grew out of his childish fantasies.” Tony swallowed hard; his jaw clenched. “And I can know all that and still not regret my decision. I would do it all over again. If I wasn’t your soulmate, how could you have any respect for me?”
He squirmed across the scant space between them and squeezed himself under Steve’s arm, so their bodies were pressed together and his head was resting on Steve’s shoulder. That was perfect, because now Steve could kiss the top of his head without hardly having to move. He left his face there with his nose in Tony’s hair, so he could breathe in that scent he loved so much, and tucked Tony closer into his side. Tony’s breathing evened out into the rhythm of sleep.
“Cool, right?” said Tony. “I know we
Tony shrugged. “Maybe. More likely it’s because, legally, my status as king isn’t solidified until I’ve produced an heir. As far as the public knows, I did, but since Jo isn’t mine… I technically don’t have an heir. So I’m technically not king.”
Steve smiled. “Amazing, right?”
“Go without me. I’ll catch up,” Tony said, backing away from the door.
he did not say.
That wasn’t quite true, but under the full force of that smile, Steve could only bring himself to grin helplessly in turn.
“Home?” the Hulk grunted.
Steve wasn’t one of those humans who made a point of lusting after aliens just because they were different, but he felt the low, pulsing heat of desire in his stomach now, unmistakable. He hadn’t felt that in so long – since before he was defrosted, if he was being honest. He’d had casual flings since then, sure, but those dalliances had always been more about scratching an itch than any real attraction. He’d never wanted it like he wanted
“I expect you to put on a big show, P,” said Toni’il. “I want to hear you wailing about your poor, beloved husband all the way from the spaceport.”
They’d settled in under the sheets, which were pulled up almost to their ears. He had his leg hooked over Tony’s, their chests flush, his arms around Tony’s back to hold him close while they traded soft, tired kisses. Each kiss was a revelation, bringing to Steve’s attention something new or something Steve had been too desperate to notice last night. Like the way Tony tasted when he’d just brushed his teeth, and how the longer Steve kissed him the more the minty coolness faded, until it was just Tony’s hot, sweet mouth again and his natural flavor. The stubble that had grown overnight, scratching Steve’s lips pleasantly. The breathy little noises Tony kept making, not quite the whines and moans of last night— just tiny sounds of contentment that filled Steve’s chest with warmth. His hand slid into Tony’s hair as their lips met, clung, and parted, over and over again. Steve would never get tired of this. He could stay here in this warm place, drinking Tony in, forever and ever, and be perfectly happy.
He didn’t know how long he was lost in the blur of battle, muscle memory taking over as his training kicked in and he took down one opponent after another. His mind was fully absorbed, his every sense alert, his strategic nature working out ways to get himself and his crew out of this situation.
“Yeah,” Tony said, breathless. “Please.”
later.
“You don’t?” he asked.
, Steve thought.
Tony twitched his fingers. The hand holding his tightened, and the owner of the hand breathed in sharply.
Tony pointed in the direction of the airlock. Steve nodded.
“You didn’t misread anything, and… I meant that as more of a ‘not yet’ than a ‘no,’” Steve admitted. “I’m— I’m getting over someone.”
So Steve gave the go-ahead, Sam and JARVIS charted a course to Centuri-Six, Jan followed their instructions, and before long they were landing. Tony and Peter ran into town to pick up what they needed. They returned as fast as promised and set about fixing the ship.
“They rebuilt all this in a year?” Tony shook his head in astonishment. “You’d never know it. It looks… almost pristine.”
“I know,” Steve croaked. They were silent for minutes, until Steve said, “I’m acting ridiculous. I’ll get over it, I swear. I just—”
Steve was one of few soldiers left standing. The Hulk was tending to Sam, and now to Nat, as well, as she had staggered to her feet only to slump against the Hulk’s side.
“Tony,” he says helplessly. “I’m not kidding when I say everyone knows. It’s the Avengers’ longest-running inside joke. Captain America and his hopeless crush on his buddy Iron Man. I thought you never said anything so that I wouldn’t feel awkward.”
“What can I say?” Tony grinned. “Starks are universally adored.”
“Who’s the big green guy?” Tony asked, gesturing with one elegant gauntlet at where the Hulk was smashing a path through the Kree’s ranks.
Steve still looked far too tense. “I shouldn’t have… I shouldn’t have sprung that on you,” he said, in a tone of voice about as stiff as his back.
me to stay behind?”
“If you’re waiting for me to tell you you’re brilliant,” said Steve, “well… you absolutely are.”
Tony swallowed. “I was afraid you’d send me back,” he said.
Besides – what’ll he do if Tony brings a boyfriend back to the Tower one day, and Steve never even tried? Never even let Tony know he was an option?
“I didn’t know you were interested in, um, men,” Steve says clumsily. “That’s— I guess they might’ve got it wrong on the news, but—”
“JARVIS says the ship’s ready for take-off,” Tony told him.
Steve’s response was lost to the wind as their ride launched into motion.
And now Tony has that slight unhappy furrow in his brow. Steve wants to change the subject, tell him about his mission, say something to make him laugh. Forget all about this.
“With one of their ships and some of their best agents,” Peter added.
He got unsteadily to his feet. The battlefield was scorched and scarred; groaning, injured bodies lay scattered about. Sam was unconscious from the blast but appeared to be breathing; the Hulk plucked him off the ground and cradled him, roaring indignantly at the Hydra, which grappled with Iron Man. It stretched its head as high into the air as it could reach, but it did not attempt to take flight.
“Sorry, I blacked out for a minute there,” Tony says, a little hysterically. “I thought I heard you say you wanted to ask me out.”
Tony shrugs and turns back to his paperwork.
“Not yet. Wait until the Kree are off Centuri-Six.”
Steve wanted to say. He sighed. “Admiral, I don’t—”
and not ask more than Tony can give without hurting himself.
Steve stared at him. “You could?”
Tony flipped up the faceplate long enough to meet Steve’s eyes over his shoulder.
It wasn’t like he had to worry about rejection. Tony had made it perfectly clear where he stood. He’d made it as easy as he could’ve for Steve: letting Steve decide, at his own pace, what he wanted and when. All Steve had to do was say the word.
“What?” Tony asks, faintly. His pen has gone limp in his hand. His eyes are very wide, and very blue against the long dark lashes framing them. If Steve kissed him right now he could slip his tongue between his parted lips; it would be so easy.
a third of your body. Very bold indeed, Captain.”
Steve’s lips parted, but no sound came out. Tony rested a hand on his chest and felt the pumping of Steve’s racing heart.
Steve folded his arms. “Could he come back if he wanted?”
He looked around at the rest of his crew.
“What would you have done if we’d kicked you out?” Steve asked, in genuine curiosity.
“I do.” Steve drops back into his seat, cautiously. He scoots closer to Tony, who’s looking at him like he’s an experiment that’s going to blow up any second now.
“Yes.”
Tony leaned back, propping his elbows on the examining table and spreading his legs as wide as they would go. His cock jutted up obscenely between them.
“Did you like when I picked you up and flew you around?” Tony asked slyly. “I bet you’re not used to being carried.”
“That was on purpose?” he said. His brow furrowed, as if he couldn’t decide whether he approved or not. Tony reached up and smoothed out the wrinkle with the pad of his thumb, and Steve’s glance at him then was different, softer.
Steve thought, with a mixture of hysteria and awe,
turns into a yes? You know where to find me.”
“No objections here,” he said.
Steve tore his gaze away in time to watch Tony’s big brown eyes flicker open.
He had gone willingly into cryo. For his service in the First Extraterrestrial War; for how he’d led a fleet of ships in impossible, hopeless combat against a skyful of alien crafts; for how he’d helmed the final infiltration into the baseship that had been hovering over Seoul, South Korea like a very angry, glowing, heavily armed cloud – he was rewarded with a medal and immortality.
“You thought I was straight, too,” he points out.
, said a stern voice in Steve’s head that reminded him of Fury.
They look at each other, frozen in shock. And then a laugh bubbles out of Steve, and that sets Tony off. Nothing is ever going to be better, Steve is pretty sure, than the feeling of Tony giggling into Steve’s neck, clinging to his shoulders just to stay upright. He can feel the laughter in Tony’s chest, and under his hands against Tony’s back.
me, Tony, it’s not like I need that much convincing.”
“Yes, Steve, would you just—”
And he wasn’t alone. Someone was holding his hand. Someone whose skin was warm and whose touch was solid and reassuring, but not restrictive. Someone who had laced his fingers intimately with Tony’s, and whose thumb stroked over Tony’s knuckles again and again.
necessary. He’d managed to sell one of his sketches to a young couple passing through the port. They paid him in cash, which he then blew, on a whim, to buy a trinket from one of the vendors who set up shop on the edges of the spaceport, catering to tourists who came through. He picked out a 3D puzzle toy. When solved, it unfolded to several times its original size and revealed an interior made up of a mosaic of panels that depicted famous tales from across Centuri-Six’s history.
Tony looked around with an expression of complete bewilderment.
But lord. Did he ever have the most kissable throat, the most perfectly touchable jawline – which was clenched in fury as he stormed into the room and got right up into Tony’s face. Those clear azure eyes bored into him.
“I’m not pining,” Steve said, sullenly.
“I didn’t mean to scare you,” said Tony. He took Steve’s wrist gently in his and tugged him close, to stand between Tony’s legs. “I knew what I was doing. If I had told you about the armor sooner, you would’ve probably known, too.
? Besides, I like humans. They’re cute.”
“Tony?” he checked, looking over at him. Tony lifted his head from the pillow and smirked. There was a line on his face from a crease in the pillowcase. Steve would’ve kissed him if he’d had the energy to move so much as an inch.
Steve’s crew peppered Tony with questions and had the time of their lives getting snarked at by his AI, who seemed to have about as much of an attitude problem as his creator.
“The nearest planet advanced enough to have what you’d need,” Steve said, “is Centuri-Six.”
“The ships!” Tony said. “They’re going to come after us!”
“They
“If I’d known,” Steve says, “I would’ve asked you out years ago.”
Jan reached over the table and patted his shoulder comfortingly. “You signed up for this, Petey.”
,” Steve snarled. “I gave you a direct order, and you disobeyed. You nearly got yourself
“You told us to keep it ready, and we did. What, you think you leave for five minutes and we all turn into buffoons? Is that it?”
Tony bumped his shoulder against Steve’s. “Where to?”
“It’s Tony,” he said quietly. “Isn’t it? Tony is the king.”
“We’re ready,” Steve assured him. “You gave your people plenty of warning. I don’t know how things will turn out, but you’ve still made a difference.”
Steve stared at him. “Why did you really call me in here, sir? You said you wanted me to take a break.”
“Make room, Cap,” Tony croaked.
“You left the military behind because their ideals didn’t match yours anymore. You were doing what you felt was the right thing, for noble reasons. I— I’m selfish. I abandoned my people and all my responsibilities because I was
Abruptly, Steve’s understanding of this whole conversation flips itself upside down. The best-case scenario he’d envisioned had involved a moderately interested Tony agreeing to a date without laughing at him. He hadn’t considered this. He hadn’t considered the possibility that Tony, amazingly, feels just the same way he does.
“What?”
, Steve thought, as an irrepressible grin spread over his face.
Well. This answered the question of whether or not humans were still welcome on Xandar after the mess they’d made with the Kree.
Rodos gave him a pained look. “If he didn’t say, then I can’t. Just trust me.”
“Can it wait?” he said. His fingers stroked down the trail of hair on Tony’s belly and wrapped around his rapidly hardening cock, his skin dramatically pale against Tony’s blue complexion.
He held out for as long as he could, to see whether human integration into the Intergalactic Federation would happen fast enough for his people to start mingling with other species, but humans were, unsurprisingly, isolationists. And Stark, he found out from a Martian ambassador, was billions of light years away from here. It would be a while before humans made their way to that neck of the stars.
If the merchant noticed his abrupt change in tone, he did not comment. “Before dawn this morning. His heart gave out, they say.”
They leaned against each other as the dome opened again, filling the world with starlight. Every place where Steve’s skin touched Tony’s was buzzing with warmth, was alive with joy. Steve left his sketchbook alone for a while, and rested his head on Tony’s shoulder to watch his hands pick deftly at the innards of his project. His palms were a paler blue than the rest of his skin, the lines as fine as silk thread. The tiny scars he’d accumulated from years of hard work were whiteish and slightly raised. Other than that, the deep-sea blue of his complexion was unbroken: from his carefully maintained nails, up the ridges of his knuckles, under the smattering of dark hair on his forearms, and over the muscles of his upper arms disappearing into his sleeves. Steve reached out absently, when Tony paused for a moment, to stroke a finger over one of those little scars. Tony held his breath. Steve’s finger rubbed at the scar until he thought he had it memorized— until he’d have been able to recognize that precise scar even with his eyes closed just by the way it felt. Then he used his other hand to turn Tony’s over. His fingers continued their exploration, tracing the lines of his palm and the veins on the back and finding all his other scars, mapping out the geography of Tony’s right hand as diligently as any cartographer.
“No,” said Tony. “I thought— well, I wanted to say something to you.”
Moving gingerly and with Steve supporting him, Tony managed to prop himself up.
“He was my soulmate. That’s why I went to Stark. I wanted to…” Steve laughed, sounding a bit embarrassed. “I don’t know. He had a family, and besides that he was the king— which, of course, you know. But I guess I just wanted to meet him.”
Except Tony still made time for him. He was always late to breakfast and begged off joining the cooking roster because he didn’t know how to cook – but whenever it was Steve’s turn to make dinner, he showed up an hour early and helped Steve around the kitchen. Eventually Steve coaxed him into learning a little bit of this and that – passing him some vegetables to chop, having him stir a pot of pasta sauce, encouraging him to pick ingredients to toss into a salad or a batch of cookie batter.
Steve did not register the surviving Kree pilots spilling out of the Hydra and being promptly arrested by Stark soldiers. He did not register his crew coming to surround him. There was no room for anything in his mind except for the sight of Iron Man lying prone on the ruined lawn, the light at the center of his scorched chestplate flickering weakly.
He took his ship and a crew and he left.
After the best night of Steve’s life, which had been followed by the best shower of Steve’s life, Steve changed the sheets and bundled Tony back into bed. They could skip breakfast; Tony did most of the time, and Steve didn’t need to eat yet, not if waiting til lunch gave him a few more hours to be alone with Tony.
“But he’s keeping secrets,” said Natasha, eyeing him dangerously.
But when the Kree retaliated, they did not hold back.
Tony shrugged, suddenly looking nervous. “We don’t get many breaks. We spent most of the week working, and once we’re back in space we’ll have more work, and our next stop will be work, too. I
“Oh, that’s what it means?” Steve retorted. “So how come it doesn’t work that way when I’m the one in charge?”
“What’s your name?” he asked, when Bruce and the stranger paused for breath.
“GO!” Tony said. “I’ll come back. I’ll come back, I swear!”
to your heart?”
“Those were dates?”
was what they’d been waiting for.
He hadn’t been the only one offered a chance at a second life, after the dust had settled and the extent of the damage was assessed. Governments had joined together across national and cultural boundaries. On behalf of the Earth, they’d signed a peace treaty with their alien opponents; they got their hands on alien tech, too, scavenged from fallen ships and shared by their tentative new allies in exchange for samples of various plant and animal species native to Earth. Hope spread far and wide, across a ravaged planet united at last by external threat, that diplomacy would solve all their problems.
He winked salaciously at her, and Jan laughed.
And then he’d told Steve the rest of it. It was a long, long break he was asking Steve to take.
Steve frowned. “That doesn’t sound like the whole story.”
But Steve had it all wrong. What Tony wanted was so much better.
He didn’t look over his shoulder to see if Steve was watching his ass as he walked away, but Tony was a believer. He chose to believe that Steve was.
“Wow,” he said, and probably sounded as dismayed as he felt. The doctor shrugged.
“Slow down,” Steve said. “You’re injured.”
“You know your situation is different, Nat,” Steve said, fingers clenching into his pillow. He screwed his eyes shut.
,” said Tony, breathless. Steve’s throat moved as he swallowed. “I bet I could give you a better workout.”
. He would never.”
For a minute he just watches. Tony’s got a stack of paperwork on the table in front of him, and another on the arm of the couch next to a precariously balanced coffee mug. Two other mugs lay abandoned nearby – one on the corner of the table, one on the ground. His shirtsleeves are rolled up, and the top buttons are undone so that Steve can follow the line of his neck to his collarbone. His hair’s growing out and it flops over his forehead, a slight curl to the ends. He’s taken off his shoes. His socked feet are folded under him.
“Okay, Tony,” he said. He kept his fingers perfectly still inside Tony while Tony took deep breaths and staved off his orgasm. His other hand explored Tony’s ass, because how could he not, when Tony was splayed open for him the way he was? He stroked lightly at the skin around Tony’s hole, touching the place where his fingers disappeared into Tony’s body and then investigating his crack, following the curve of his ass up to the base of his spine. He cupped Tony’s ass cheek and gave it a firm squeeze.
” said the Nomad, in a polished, lightly accented voice emanating from the ceiling.
“That’s it, handsome,” he said, rubbing over Tony’s slit on the upstroke, squeezing firmly on his way down. “You’re so close. Gonna come all over me, yeah? Gonna come getting your ass fucked good and hard, just like you wanted.”
“If you just want to get to know us, that’s fine. If you want to build up a friendship, we would be honoured. I personally would be over the moon if you would accept the offer to join us, but if not, then we won’t just… don’t know, turn on you. Morgan said she missed having a pack. We have a few other kids. Not much, not like other packs, but some. She can play with them if their parents allow that. Or if you just need a bit of time for yourself, she seems to be in a phase or something. No need to join the pack for that!”, the man said the last part hurried. Tony couldn’t blame him. Most packs stayed with each other. A strange kid was one thing, but a strange kid without any affiliation to the pack? Almost unheard of if the kid had at least one living parent.
“Yes, please, Sir. It is… it’s a thing.”
“Wha... no! I… wanted to ask for permission to court you?” Steve said, voice confused and he seemed to be a bit sick. “I wouldn’t… no one from our… she’s what, five?”
Sure, people had looked interested when he had driven into the small town but no one had actually pointed at them. Tony called this a success. Morgan just looked at him weirdly.
Tony stared at Steve as if he had grown a second head. Making Steve live through all the scenarios. Tony yelling at Steve for leaving him. Hating him. He would understand Tony.
Morgan sniffed and nodded, seemingly not having understood that Tony had just promised that she would have a pack. Not Tony himself.
Leaving Steve alone with the imaginations in his head and the throbbing between his legs and still another two hours until the next stretching session was scheduled.
“The night they get back. We will go.” Steve decided. Tony nodded, looking tired and pulled the bags out again, continuing to pack.
“Yes. Oh. You have an address? I don’t promise it, but maybe we can try.”
Sir nodded, probably understanding Steve without a word.
Then Tony frowned.
Tony walked back into the cabin.
~*~*~
When Steve looked up, there was a twinkle in Sir’s eyes, and also something that made Steve suspicious.
“I will need to go on a business trip in a few weeks.”
Steve looked around, trying to find his way into what those people called the canteen.
As if they actually expected that they could rebuild something. Neither Steve nor Bucky really believed it but it was nice to be around hope for once.
Loki was the first one to talk, his daughter sleeping on his lap, head laying on his shoulder. He still looked almost immaculate, a thing that Tony hated and was jealous of.
Tony looked up, defiance in his eyes.
Steve nodded and looked Sir into the eyes.
Steve though, Steve knew that Tony just… thought that he didn’t deserve it.
“You reacted well to the cleaning with the brush. If that’s a thing for you, we will continue that to bring you into the right headspace. You will bring me the toilet brush and ask to be cleaned. If you’re good, I’ll take it out. If not, it stays in until someone fetches it from you to throw away.”
“I mean, you can have a good life here. They need you and they clearly know it. Sure, maybe not all of us could benefit from it, but you hate moving around, you…”
Tony just sat in the car, staring at the parking lot.
The blonde guy looked confused. Then it turned angry and Tony flinched. The angry look disappeared.
Steve was nervous. There wasn’t a real reason for it. Not really.
“How would we manage that?” asked Clint, skimming the outside through the window, making sure that no one would ever know what they talked about.
Tony smelled them before he ever saw one of them. And when it was, it was just in between.
Morgan asked him if they should invite them in. Tony just shook his head. Told her to only play in her wolf form in the garden.
“Maybe. But then, Bucky got a message from someone he knows… she says that there are still Districts where those things aren’t in control. Sure, they are fighting and they could lose any day, but it doesn’t look like it.”
A soft sobbing could be heard from below, making clear that someone tried to comfort Loreley.
For all that Steve cared, they didn’t need anything from their lives. The time when people needed a resumé, something to prove who they were or had things that remembered them of old times were long gone. The Sho'ro'ts made sure that people’s lives were uprooted. They didn’t need resumés either - either people could do the work they needed them to do or they couldn’t. Sure, they kept most specialists from the old world because they mostly actually knew what they were doing, but Steve had no illusion that the Sho'ro'ts thought that Humans could live forever. Steve had seen Sho'ro'ts dying, so he assumed they would simply take the next generation of Humans and form them. Let prior specialists teach them.
They probably had.
“No. You don’t play with strangers or wolves or whatever.”
Tony took the bag from Steve who looked shy and hopeful and took a discreet sniff, almost moaning when the smell of baked things registered.
He tried it with the sleek reddish one, too. But that one actually sat in the garden of the cabin he had bought and watched in a very obvious manner.
“But there’s something you want to know.” Steve said and Tony frowned. Probably startled. Forgetting that Steve had known him for a long time.
A small grin spread across Tony’s face before he stood up.
The order made both of them stop. The white wolf just looked at Tony and somehow, he had no doubt that this wolf could rip him apart without even trying. Morgan still trotted to him, changing back while she did and threw a scathing look at Tony.
“Xandar,” he said.
“Tomorrow,” he says into Tony’s hair. “Let’s go out tomorrow night.”
?” Steve asked, having reached his breaking point with the secrecy.
“Peatra,” Tony breathed, his eyes going wide. “Fuck.
“You could say that.” The merchant had sighed. “The King is dead. He passed in his sleep.”
“If they’re warned, they’ll be prepared to deescalate the situation,” he told Tony, gently. “They’ll explain that you were working alone and that you don’t represent them.”
“I’m… trying, at least.”
“Drop me off by the Hulk,” said Steve. “I’ll calm him down enough to change back into Bruce. You make sure the others get into the ship.”
all that?” he asked breathlessly as soon as his eyes landed on Tony.
He couldn’t pretend he missed being old, but he did miss being able to see his experience in the mirror. His Mark had stayed, luckily. He’d been nervous about that; his sleeping, uninhabited vessel was identical to his original body in every way except its lack of scars and blemishes, and its lack of a Mark. But as soon as his consciousness woke in the new body, the Mark appeared in the same spot where it’d always been.
They pick a movie to watch, but Steve won’t remember it later. His mind wanders to tomorrow night, already formulating a plan for his first date with Tony.
“Tony?” he croaked. His fingers found Tony’s cheek. Cold. “Tony,
“Fine,” Nat said wryly. He could hear the hint of a smile in her voice. “I’ll leave the therapy to Sam. But you come to me if you need anything. You will, won’t you?”
But as the Hydra loomed over him, as its jaws unlocked and stretched wide, as the hum of energy from deep within its bowels filled the air, a figure landed between him and the beast. It was Iron Man, shielding Steve from the coming attack.
The Nomad met no trouble from the Nova Corps as they neared the capital city, which hovered at the center of the planetary web that Xandar had become. Steve’s ship was designated as a personal vessel, and scanned in any control system – onboard or planetside – as nondescript unarmed civilian transport with license to travel freely within the Federation. JARVIS confirmed they had permission to dock. A gap in the dome let them into Xandar; this opening glowed with a forcefield that maintained the city’s artificial atmosphere, so that the dome could part temporarily without disturbing Xandar’s fragile equilibrium.
Xandarians were resilient. The Nova Corps were able to join the biggest, most stable pieces of the one-time planet into a network of domed cities. They’d stepped up their offensive and defensive mechanisms, too, and while they wouldn’t be going after the Kree… if the Kree ever came back, Xandar would be ready.
, he thought.
Tony beamed. “You think so?”
Steve’s nostrils flared. Tony imagined steam coming from them.
He started to withdraw his hand, but Steve wrapped it up in his and kept it pressed to his chest. Tony stared at his fingers clasped in Steve’s, and then up at Steve’s eyes, a flicker of hope awakening within him.
But whatever he had been about to say was interrupted by the rumble that marked the beginning of the Hydra’s roar. A light appeared in the back of its throat, growing brighter— it was about to attack, and this time, Steve would be burned to a crisp—
The band had dropped to the floor and, there, bare to Tony’s eyes, were words written in vivid black ink across Steve’s inner forearm. Not just any words. A name. A name Steve shouldn’t know.
bored. He was generous with his smiles and never made Steve feel like he didn’t belong in this place or time.
But cooking wasn’t the end of it. He sat with Steve during most movie nights, on the small couch squeezed against Steve’s side or on the ground leaning against Steve’s leg. He let Steve sit and sketch near him while he worked in the lab, and in the evenings when everyone else was getting ready to go to sleep, he and Steve spent hours sitting around and talking or just resting comfortably in each other’s company. He asked Steve to spar, and they passed hours like that – many long, wonderful, torturous hours for Steve, spending all that time with his hands on Tony, watching his muscles ripple, watching him sweat and pant, feeling their bodies connect—
“Hey, careful,” Steve murmured, smoothing out the furrow in Tony’s brow and brushing back his hair. That shouldn’t have done anything to make him feel better, but Tony swore the pain abated as soon as Steve touched him.
“Jo’s a baby. She won’t… uh, she won’t even remember me,” Toni’il said, wilting, but he rallied. He pulled Peatra close for one last hug, and pressed a kiss into her hair, the pale orange color of the third sunrise on the planet Mannata, which Stark orbited. It was uninhabitable, but Toni’il had been there once or twice, back before his parents had died and he’d still been allowed to go on research excursions. That had been years ago.
Steve almost lost it. The nerve of this guy—
“It’s a big universe, Captain,” he said.
And he could hear the soft beeping of medical equipment and the sound of his own breathing, and could taste the staleness of his mouth.
Steve yanked his shield – an old-fashioned silver disc – off his back. Sam steered Bruce into place before them. Bruce sighed, and closed his eyes, and began to transform.
Tony shuffled forward. Steve twitched to stop him, but he was out of reach before Steve could decide whether to try moving and risk getting blasted by some trigger-happy recruit.
“Woah,” said Sam.
using you, me, Nat, Jan, and Bruce,” said Sam. “And Peter is this big-shot politician’s kid, and, uh, he’s not happy his son is missing.”
“Oh, I really don’t like that,” said Bruce, huddling in on himself even as his eyes glinted green.
,” Tony said. “This cock is
Tony panted encouragement, so Steve finally let go. He fucked Tony hard and fast and selfishly. Tony collapsed to his elbows, cheek pressed into the pillow, mouth open in a shocked “O” of pleasure. The bed rocked with the force of Steve’s thrusts and creaked dangerously beneath them. Steve didn’t care. The only sound that would stop Steve from taking Tony’s ass right now would be Tony’s voice
Natasha silenced him with a look.
Tony started to loosen his grip. Steve had said ‘not yet,’ and regardless of what they might feel now, in this moment of high emotion, Tony would respect his—
“Not the plan. Helping Stark, I get. I’m talking about the secrecy.”
Shit.
His second reaction was to offer Tony the leadership, see how he fared, but that would have been childish. It was his responsibility and Tony for all his genius wasn't a tactician.
Steve chuckled and Johnny send another text immediately after.
”Care to tell us anything about her?” Clint asked.
“I don't think that's any of your business,” he said as coldly as he could and turned to leave.
”Don't start,” Steve ground out.
“Don't tell me you meet people on the internet.”
, oh fuck,” Tony moaned and came, coating their hands and Steve's cock with his come. Steve, on the edge himself, stroked himself quickly to an amazing orgasm.
Steve closed his eyes. “Okay.”
The next minute and a half, Steve was sure, were some of the best of his life so far, being able to forget everything but the rough, fast slide of Tony in and out of him.
Johnny raised his upper body a bit, pressing his cock tightly against Steve's ass.
, Steve had heard about Storm and knew that if he wanted to just sleep with someone, there were people waiting in line. So it didn't make much sense that he would get exited about this.
That in mind he went back to the Tower, but Tony wasn't there yet.
”Oh Jesus fuck,” Storm moaned, quickening his thrusts. Steve recognized his hurry and pressed biting kisses onto Storm's neck, trying at the same time to tighten his grip on Storm's every thrust.
“No, you don't,” Steve said and tried for his Captain voice in spite of his state of utter relaxation.
And then there was that name on his arm.
“Back on Xandar,” Tony said. “We went on all those dates – I was optimistic.”
“That was three,” she informed him, as she let him up. He rolled over with a groan, rubbing at his sore muscles. “Talk to me, Steve.”
This diplomacy, though, did not set the military or the government at ease. And so they had made their appeals to Steve. Not only to Steve. Those who’d made the best soldiers, those who’d made the greatest difference to humanity’s – not quite victory, but to its survival— they were the ones asked to pack themselves into glorified freezers and be Earth’s secret weapons.
angry with them.
“Mmf?” Tony grunted.
“Oh,” Steve mumbled. His thumb rubbed at Tony’s tight hole until the muscle relaxed enough for Steve to slip it inside to the first knuckle. “Your ass is perfect.”
“Oh my god,” Tony said. “You’re horny for the armor.”
Their paths crossed. Steve’s stride faltered. Tony came to a halt, delighted, and watched Steve watch a bead of water roll down Tony’s abs and slide into the V of his hips.
They were all gathered in the kitchen, though no one was eating. Steve was the only one who hadn’t taken a seat at the table for this discussion. He stood, leaning against the wall, arms folded as he considered all the facts.
“I’m going to ride you,” he informed Steve. “Right now.”
Tony must have fallen asleep, too, because they woke at dawn utterly tangled together.
“He’s breathing,” Natasha said, kneeling beside him – gingerly, so as not to jostle her injured leg too much.
Natasha smirked at him. Steve glanced significantly at where her hand brushed Sam’s on the table, and raised his brows.
Peter, their mechanic, who was maybe a shade too young to be out in deep space on his own, consorting with outlaws – but Steve wasn’t his dad and wasn’t about to send him home if he didn’t want to go. He cracked a joke or three in the span of time it took Steve to walk from the doorway to one of the open seats at the table.
aliens get Soul Marks? We can’t be the only species who has them.”
“Stay in and…” Tony begins suggestively. Steve bites down a grin.
“Tony—” he started. Tony was going to do something.
“Yeah,” he breathed. “Real good night.”
,” Steve began, ready to launch into a furious tirade, but Tony turned those eyes on him, all soft and pleading, and Steve’s voice caught in his throat.
Tony directed them to orbit Stark until he could tap into a friend’s comm line and find a safe, hidden place for them to land. This “friend,” whom Steve discerned was a high-ranking officer in Stark’s air force, helped Tony conceal the Nomad’s signal so that it could touch down without anyone noticing.
“You managed to make an arc reactor
“I’m sorry to hear that,” Steve had said, truthfully. “I hope the queen and her children are alright.”
“Going somewhere, Cap?” His voice came out low and rumbling.
“You always have to be right,” Tony says, but he’s practically purring as Steve keeps playing with his hair, so Steve decides to take it as praise. If he’d known he could diffuse Tony’s emotional spirals just by doling out a bit of physical affection, it would’ve saved him a lot of trouble over the last few years, that was for sure.
?” Peter said.
“She was no trouble at all,” Jan said. “I’m very sorry to hear about your husband, but it looks like Jo’s holding up well.”
Then something changes, maybe just the air; Tony tears his mouth away long enough to throw himself into Steve’s lap. He presses in as close as he can get, so Steve is pinned between Tony’s chest and the couch. Tony is searingly warm, his strong arms around Steve’s shoulders and his obvious erection against Steve’s stomach and his gorgeous mouth, all star-bright points of heat. Steve has his hands on Tony’s hips, ostensibly to steady him, but it feels more like he’s holding on for dear life as Tony takes his mouth in a desperate, toe-curling, possessive kiss.
“I wanted to at least give you the
“I know what to do.” She sighed. “I’m as ready as I can be. Go now, before I come to my senses.”
“There’s something we need to do before we start the movie,” Steve says.
him to stop. But when Tony spoke, it was only to beg Steve for more. So Steve gave him more. Soon Tony’s knees gave out, too, and Steve followed him down, fucking him flat into the mattress. Steve came draped atop Tony – holding himself up to avoid putting weight on Tony’s ribs, but letting his skin stick to Tony’s back as his thrusts devolved into frantic grinding. His cock jerked and emptied deep inside of him, filling that perfect ass up with Steve’s seed, while his mouth sucked bruises into the place where Tony’s neck and shoulder met.
” said JARVIS, his voice small and tinny where it came out of the helmet. “
Tony’s arm was shaking by now. With Steve’s help, he sat up, leaning over Steve so they were face-to-face again.
He strokes his fingers over Tony’s knuckles, and Tony shivers. He looks a little lost, like he doesn’t fully believe this is real.
“No to the three-headed sand eel?” Tony said, swapping their bowls. “Here. I put mostly fish in mine.”
“I don’t hate it,” Steve said quickly. There was something odd about his tone, something that made Tony pull away and peer at his face, which was unusually flushed.
Though… Steve certainly didn’t sneak glances at anyone else’s bare chest during mealtimes. Did he think he was being subtle, raking his eyes over Tony’s biceps, dropping his gaze to Tony’s abs as soon as he stood to get a coffee refill? Or did he
work out for me. And now I have to let go of that. And I
For a moment they said nothing, only breathed harshly into the scant space between their bodies.
“It’s good to see you,” said Yiein, smiling at Tony over his wire-rimmed spectacles, his moss-green skin crinkling around the eyes. Was Tony imagining it, or had he aged in the months since Tony had seen him last? Were there more lines around his mouth? Was his hair grayer?
“It’s a rat, alright,” came Natasha’s smooth voice from the doorway. She was dragging, by the arm, a Stark with hands cuffed before him. She shoved him into the room so he fell on his knees, where he grinned up at them.
“You did
The look Sam and Natasha exchanged, brief and silent, seemed to encompass an entire conversation. They turned to Steve as one.
It had been a very long time since Steve had seen a sunrise.
“Right!” he said. “Which is fascinating when you consider the vastly different environmental conditions under which our two species evolved—”
“What are the other—?” Tony started, but the words died into a groan as Steve replaced his thumb with his index finger and buried it all the way to the knuckle. Tony’s ass clenched around the intrusion, and Steve’s cock gave a jealous throb. He gave Tony a moment to recover, thrusting his finger shallowly in and out so he could stroke Tony’s inner walls. Then he added a second finger, and a third, watching avidly as Tony’s hole stretched tight around the digits.
He flopped onto his back and glared at the ceiling. Natasha waited in silence while Steve worked through his thoughts. At last, he said, “I spent so many years with this person fixed in my mind. I know things don’t always work out with your soulmate, but part of me always believed that it
, Tony called them.
Steve took his seat back at the table, feeling very much like he’d had enough surprises for the day.
When celebrated naval officer Captain Steve Rogers woke from his 700-year-long nap, the first thing they did was grow him a new body.
“Gorgeous, there are people who’d sell a limb for the chance to have me
Tony tugged at Steve’s hair, wanting more. He lapped at Steve’s plush bottom lip, and Steve opened his mouth, letting Tony deepen the kiss. “Mm,” Tony hummed, as Steve’s tongue slid over his. Steve’s taste made him delirious with want. Their mouths parted with a wet sound and met again; Tony sucked at Steve’s lips, at his tongue, urging Steve to take his mouth in whatever way he wanted. His legs spread even wider and Steve pressed against him, his chest to Tony’s chest, Tony’s thighs draped over his hips, Tony’s cock nudging against Steve’s stomach.
“She… is it chronic?”
“We can see how it goes. Because sometimes, that’s what you need to do, even if you are afraid of it. And if it goes badly, we can still go home and eat that tub of ice cream.”
“You want to be nothing more than a hole, no rights, no saying in what happens, not caring what is even happening as long as you get used” Sir finished for Steve. Steve nodded, feeling the first tear slide down his face, feeling strangely calm.
“Then we will do our best to get what she needs.” Steve whispered. He wanted to hug Tony, but the second he made a move Tony’s head snapped up. A surring noise, far away enough could be heard.
He kept his fingers occupied, loosening Tony up and learning what he liked. With his free hand, he tended to every part of Tony he planned to kiss later. He reached up as much as he could to stroke his chest, touching the scars around his artificial heart and rubbing soothingly at Tony’s stiff, dark nipples. He was careful around Tony’s bandaged ribs, skimming over them lightly, but he rested a palm flat on Tony’s stomach – which tensed and jumped under his touch – and petted down the line of his hair to the wiry curls at the base of his cock. He traced the thick vein on the underside of Tony’s erection, imagining how it would feel to follow that path with his tongue. But there would be time for that later. For now, he pressed down on the spot between Tony’s balls and his hole, making Tony swear and his hips jerk, thrusting at the air. So he lingered there, rubbing firmly at Tony’s perineum while his fingers did the same from inside him, and Tony rode his fingers beautifully, his hips gyrating desperately atop Steve and his moans filling Steve’s head like music.
“Delete your dating profile,” Steve says. “Told you you didn’t need it.”
Tony stepped up into Steve’s space. Those shockingly blue eyes met his, and a shiver swept down Tony’s body. Back on Stark, Tony had had a few discreet lovers of his own while Peatra had spent her nights with Hapi. But his last fling had been a long time ago – before Jo was born – and he was more than ready to break his dry streak.
“I didn’t… technically retire,” said Steve. “I just left.”
?” said Jan, her voice going up several octaves. “We’re trying to get
Steve nodded slowly. It was that, more than anything, that convinced him Tony meant what he said about sticking with his choice. Even his Mark had known it. It was… he wouldn’t call it fate. Tony wouldn’t like that. But it was enough to reassure Steve.
He had a weary smile ready for his crew when he joined them in the kitchen. Surveying their faces, his heart eased a little bit. These were his family:
“Uh, Cap?” he said. “Starks are, like, centuries ahead of us technologically. Maybe I should go take a look. He could be really helpful… you know I’ve had to scrounge for parts, I can’t always find the best stuff, and this is an old ship….”
