Natasha prided herself on her gift of observation, and Lord Stark was a most curious man to observe.
Last week, Steve comes home late from his morning run, with a cut on his jaw and more injuries mottling his arms and torso. He says, “They didn’t think that one through,” and nothing more until Tony finishes tightening the last bandage around his forearm.
"Well, since you seem so interested in other people's business, I'll be goin' up to Crimson Peak," the man says, and the barely there smile indicates that his jab was a friendly one. Tony allows himself to relax a little and gestures for him to continue as he takes a sip of his own drink.
If there isn't anything here, that means the monster under the bed is faceless again–at least in the figurative sense. HYDRA, he knows. What they are, how they operate, what they want. They're predictable in that way. Something new and different means he doesn't know what to look out for, what to fear, what he's up against. And that eclipses the horror of having his nightmare come true hundredfold.
At the first touch of his hand to the swell of his ass, Stark whimpers and instinctively presses back against it. Steve flares up with want, needing to elicit that sound again; he thumbs the swollen pucker of his hole for only a moment before he pushes a few fingers in, the slide easy with the only resistance being the one when he moves to pull them back out, the slick-coated insides working against him.
"Tony!" Steve calls upon his entry, beaming at him over his shoulder. He wipes his hands on a rag and then walks over to where Tony's standing, frozen in place.
“Come, then,” James said, finally. “I would like you to join me in our camp. There is food and drink and someone will tend to your wounds.”
Sometimes, Tony wants it this way. Wants it to hurt, to ache, to burn. He goes above and beyond to test his body’s limits, test
He was still favoring his left leg, but now too, the man approached him with intent – as much was obvious when he requested, "If it please you, I would like to join you for King's Landing, Sir Rhodes."
and they'll be joined. Tony fights the instinctual need to clench up as he feels the press against his rim and holds his breath until–
Things change when Steve gets to the uncomfortable part. He’s only halfway into explaining how their Tony decided to experiment with the scepter without so much as informing or consulting the team when the Tony present cuts in.
At midnight, he returns back home, to quiet hallways and empty rooms, and before he realizes what he’s doing, his feet have carried him to Steve’s office once again. It’s a path he could walk effortlessly even in pitch darkness. Whatever that says about him. There’s no kidding himself: this room is still Steve’s, with all the little trinkets and pictures where he left them three months ago.
They settle, then, breathing one another in as they bask in the sun streaming in through the tall windows. It’s a nice day. Cloudless. Maybe they’ll be okay after all. There are still a few hours left until it’s time, so neither of them thinks of moving out of their current position.
"More than," Tony says around a mouthful of omelet. He grins and knows it's more likely to be a leer. "I don't know what you're gunning for with this, but it's kinda hot. Actually, not knowing is what elevates it to the next level."
Bain smiles brightly, a flash of teeth between lips red like blood. Steve feels his facial muscles spasm as he fights an angry grimace, but the invidious woman is forgotten the moment he’s made it all the way through the crowd to the front row.
. The eight arms of the emblem stretch across each of their chests like the star once did. A caricature. Five skulls for five men. Tony doesn't know why he ever assumed there would be just one.
"Figured you'd like that," he mumbles, forcing Stark to deepen the bow in his back as he shuffles closer on his knees and leans over him, dragging his cock along the omega’s cleft, more slick easing the way at the things the action insinuates will happen.
"Do you want me to go upstairs and get my jizzed up pants from the hamper? Because I'll go and get them if you need physical evidence. There's paper towels in the bin because I came all over the– I'm not fucking delusional, Steve, I–"
Tony makes a mental note to not make the mistake of underestimating the man's unfailing ability to prove even God himself wrong.
When James confronted his friend about the matter and asked why he didn’t take credit for his craft in the first place, the young man only smiled privately and explained that he did the work for the work’s sake and not a pat on the back.
Sir Rhodes had observed the man in secret during his stay and discovered that not only was he a capable swordsman, but a kind one as well. His leg had not yet healed, but he was not to be convinced to lay down – instead, he had spent all week seeking out work to do and badly wounded men to aid in their own recovery.
Steve only notices the long, blissful groan after it's slipped past his lips and he has to bite the inside of his cheek bloody to cut himself off, curb the noise that betrays just how much he's ached for something like this.
for those of you still with me, thank you for your patience. it means a lot, and i hope this (extra long) chapter meets your expectations.
"You wanna let me in on that one?" he asks, leaning down to lick at Tony's pulse and then suck a mark into his skin just above it.
He clasps and unclasps his hands in his lap, watching his fingers move. The skin is spotless, impeccable. It bothers him. No scars, no marks, no calluses. Nothing to show for, nothing left but the memory of war and bloodshed.
Often, the moans were followed by a shudder, and Nat would purr an endearment or other into Tony's ear while she continued to tread her fingers through his sweat-soaked hair, fingernails scratching over his scalp.
The other man hums in approval, one hand trailing up to rub over his sternum and then reaching over to twist one of his nipples with just enough pressure to hover on the threshold to pain. It's delicious, especially once his other hand travels down his abdomen and starts rubbing over his stomach while deliberately avoiding Tony’s hard-on.
The thought is accompanied by a scoff, but there’s no one around to hear him reprimand himself. It’s true to a degree–this was before Ultron, before Tony sowed the seeds of their destruction. But depending on how long Steve knew about his parents (and there’s not a doubt in his mind that it’s been years), it’s Steve who put down the soil to plant them in. And isn’t that an idea? It just needed a character like Zemo to complete the act: feed the saplings until the both of them were faced with the fruit of their labor, until their mistakes had grown to a size they could no longer turn a blind eye on.
A lot of people wander in and out of this place. Tony soon found that he's the only occupant who has ever willingly stayed there for longer; everyone else seems to be happy to be on their way after a night's rest. Technically, he wouldn't have had to stay there, either. Tony could've built a whole mansion on a plot of land at the outskirts of town, but chose not to. He favors springs of old mattresses poking into his back and unseasoned stew with stringy meat over risking his identity being found out.
Tony stays in that night while Rogers returns to the herd. He's wearing even more layers than usual, the high collar of a thick, woolen coat framing his face as he pokes his head in through the door, raising a hand to signal that he will be on his way. Tony returns the gesture and later watches through the window as the man leaves, rifle over his shoulder.
So much so that when their ideals didn’t align like they should, it threw them for a loop. Not because they weren’t used to clashing with the force of stars colliding, but because everything evolved alongside their relationship. Every feeling, good and bad.
A woman gets crushed underneath an airborne car, so he gives knockoff squidward a taste of his own medicine. Peter decides to take a ride on the alien ship, so Tony follows. They meet a guy from Missouri who calls himself
Tony would squeeze his eyes shut, somehow thinks that would make it easier concentrate, but there’s something that tells him he
In any case – the man was on the cover of every magazine, in every talkshow and every paper, reciting every aspect of
Steve seems to see that too, because he chuckles and hangs his head in (temporary) defeat. He's quick to look back up though, and the tight, determined line between his brows hasn't faded. It's maybe even more prominent now, after Tony's used his wording to try and strip the moment of gravity.
Steve doesn't know what Thor's brother would get out of this, but he'll admit it's a reasonable concern.
Steve,” Tony presses out through grit teeth, and his voice that has been kept level for so long rises in pitch when Steve grabs a hold of his arm, bruising. “Stop!
"Steve," he moans, dropping his head and clawing the edge of the sink to his right as Steve teases his cockhead into the cleft of his ass.
He screams, first in protest. Begging for mercy, which feels wrong and unnatural coming from Tony. “NO! STEVE, STOP!
"Okay. Because if this is… if this is what I think it is, then I want you to know that I have never, not even for a second, considered you to be below my–my league or any of those things going through your head right now."
Steve is overcome with instant relief whenever, after a long day, he hears familiar voices on the porch and the door unlock, and it gives him pause.
right, because he always does. Or maybe the Tesseract screwed with his hearing while sending him through dimensions, but that seems unlikely. Because Tony’s undoubtedly saying what Steve’s hearing him say. There’s be some grave differences in how humans work in this world, he’s known and expected that to be the case since Tony had JARVIS compile all that information, but he’s not expected – this.
After this incident, he had been invited to the castle on more than one occasion. He had declined the request the first two times on account of having to help out his aunt (although in truth, he was simply anxious for his life), but was made to go by the woman herself when the messenger arrived for a third time.
Rhodes had spared no expense and gifted him a S'vjetian Red Devil, a great, hot-tempered hunk of a horse that lived up to its name. The rare breed had once been reserved solely for their people's warriors, favored due to its stamina and resilience in battle, but lost popularity with time passing and extended periods of peace when the population began to seek more agile and flexible mounts.
Whatever Steve has planned for them today, he’s more than intrigued now. Tony is never opposed to spicing up their sex life. He winces a little as he strips himself and several pains make themselves known. Hell, as long as they come with a mind-blowing orgasm, he’ll take them any day.
Everyone gathered around him is almost frozen in the moment, motionless and disbelieving as the arc reactor gives one last, defiant flicker and then shuts down. It's a cruel metaphor.
"I'll go and see if I can get a hold of Fury," he announces, shifting his weight from one foot to the other.
The only time he ever sees himself naked is in the bathroom mirror, and that one's only waist-high and somehow less intrusive. Plus, most of the time he's in the nude around here he is preoccupied with other things, i.e. Steve and his often respective nudity.
Steve, though, he saw things Tony didn’t even think to consider, had differing opinions and perspectives to offer and was invested to a point Tony debated with himself over whether he should put together a whole new collection just to surprise Steve for their big anniversary. (He may or may not have given into the urge.)
Tony's train of thought, just beginning to operate at normal capacity again, promptly screeches to a halt as his smile falters. It's only for a second, though, because then Steve adds,
When Tony pries his eyes open, the weight on his chest takes on the shape of Steve Rogers, unconscious and sprawled over his upper body with no regard for Tony's need of oxygen. Rude.
A short pause. Then, the man jumps off his horse’s back in the matter of seconds, approaching with great, long strides that seem to cut through the snow like a knife through molten butter.
The edges and roundings were smoother and more precise in a way that the resident smith’s craft was not. The man, Hogan, was skilled beyond question and worked with unparalleled efficiency, but his work was characterized by its rough and utilitarian features.
all of this adds up to how big of a favor Steve’ll be willing to give in return eventually, so logic dictates he can’t not do it.
guess what: i'm not dead! turns out what i needed to get my ass in gear is a pandemic and government-decreed self-isolation. fun.
"You'd not believe if I told you, my friend," he said, addressing Von Doom above all else, "but the high an' mighty Lord Anthony has quite enough dark and dirty secrets himself."
Tony–who lies there, spread apart, turned inside out and gasping broken little noises–looks like the personification of lust. His reflection is sweaty in a way that somehow isn’t as attractive as Steve’s, his dick slapping against his thigh with every thrust and his stomach graced with a soft curve where Steve's is flat.
Tony winces with every step that Butterfingers takes, the movement underneath him jostling his body in a way that amplifies his every ache hundredfold. His neck is stiff, the muscles in his shoulders tight, and his spine is a long line of throbbing pain that trails from his head to his low back.
That first touch is exhilarating – the scratch of Tony's goatee is a sensation his brain associates with intimate familiarity, something Steve only realizes he's longed for when he is shown what he's been missing.
His eyes have gone wide and dark, whole entire being pulled taut and unmoving, like the eye of the storm or the string of an instrument that's close to ripping clean apart. There’s no way to smell fear, but he feels it clogging up the room nevertheless, a great, invisible entity that takes every hope and spark of joy Steve’s held onto until now and chokes it out, obliterates it in its entirety, cruel and remorseless.
Tony, he always winds up looking at the man. Somehow, Steve can't even blame himself. His presence alone is magnetic. (Always has been, no matter the universe or the point in time.)
Meanwhile Clint was grabbing Tony's asscheek with intent, kneading it as he tipped the bottle of lube upside down and drizzled a generous amount of it onto the top of Tony's cleft. They all watched with more or less baited breath as the gush of clear liquid made it to the spear of Steve's cock, Bruce's fingers taking over and pushing some of it deeper where it was needed.
The other man stops stirring the unappetizing contents of the stew cooking on the stove, snorts, and returns to his task.
In fact, he works himself to exhaustion, preparing the Kronole and making a point of improving every tool in their admittedly small arsenal, and Steve’d think it’s all an act to get on their good side, except there’s something else, there. Stark obviously hasn’t forgotten about Steve’s threat. A large chunk of his motivation is bound to stem from the knowledge of what will happen should he fail to deliver on his promise, but underneath it all, well...
It's indescribable, insurmountable pain. It's being ripped apart from the inside out, something in his very core being taken apart with sheer brute force. He doesn't think he's experienced a sensation this agonizing in all his life. Open-heart-surgery without proper anesthesia is laughable, a pin-prick in comparison.
he says, and Steve evidently doesn’t like the tone. Tony clears his throat and moves up again. “And, the scars. You, um, you don’t like how they came to be, but you think they’re a reminder of how far I’ve come and what it took to get here, and that’s. Why you think they're beautiful.”
He pushed. The whole combined attention of a group of spies and enhanced individuals was concentrated on him and the willing body he was shoving his dick into, and it was hotter than Steve would ever care to admit after the deed was done. Right then, though, he relished in it, the heat and pressure of Tony's insides swallowing another inch of him and the pleasurable suspense hovering in the air as everyone watched it happen.
Tony is in the process of double-checking the ingredients on his phone when the door to the patio creaks open in the adjoining living room. He frowns a little at the time displayed on his screen–it's been no more than ten minutes since Steve left–but keeps scrolling through the recipe, undeterred.
One evening, they have a little get-together at the heap of turned-up earth and rubble that not so long ago was the compound. A final sendoff. There’s a little bonfire. It’s cozy.
Nobody has moved yet, but it's a minute later when Rhodes suddenly stands and exchanges a few hushed words with Pepper, tear tracks on his face but his lips a thin, determined line. She nods in response to whatever he's suggested, and then the man turns to Tony's body and picks his best friend up with ease, as gentle as can be.
Steve might smash his face into the counter and simply keep going if Tony lets go to wrap a hand around his weeping dick and fails to steady himself because of it, so everything he can do is rub himself off on the protruding edge of the cutlery drawer. It requires him to hitch his hips forward a little, which in turn makes Steve chase his heat until he’s pressed flush against the counter. It’s good, so good, and the sensations keep piling up, both teeth and fingers digging into his skin, marking him, and fuck–
As it is, Tony reaches out for Steve's leg mid-fall. Steve whirls around, eyes wide in shock at the sudden touch and Tony's presence. It happens in what must've been a matter of moments, but the time seems to stretch into infinity, like a string of pale pink bubblegum. Tony hears the blood pounding in his ears and counts down his own rapid heartbeats until he
Steve tightens his hold around him a fraction, smile growing ever so slightly more smug because he managed to leave Tony lost for words.
Only when Steve is plastered to the opposite wall with hands raised in surrender does Tony realize he's backed into a corner and half-screaming the words at himself.
“You’ll keep to the compound for the next–however long this,” he gestures at Tony’s stomach in a way that communicates about the same amount of goodwill as the word whore, “is going to last. You get Hill and have someone write up NDAs for everyone stationed in this facility. And for the love of God, stop running around like this. We don’t need an outsider coming in here and accidentally catching a whiff of you.”
It takes approximately 74 seconds, 140 mg of caffeine and Steve pulling him across the counter to press a kiss and a mumbled “I couldn’t ask for a more enthusiastic welcoming committee” to his lips for Tony to notice all things strange about the picture greeting him.
Stone Incorporated was a tech giant on top of the industry, sure, had been even before its merger with Stark Industries when the latter was still in the hands of Howard Stark, but nobody quite expected something on this scale. Two camps formed quickly enough: The one that celebrated, near worshipped the man for his ingenious idea, and the one that stamped him as crazy and paranoid for developing technology like this for a scenario that would never come to pass.
With effort, Tony turns and presses his face into Steve’s shirt, inhaling the faint scent one last time. This night is full of last times.
Tony gasps as he comes down and finds Steve shallowly fucking into him, riding out the last waves of pleasure. His pulse is still knocking against his throat and there's a pleasant blur to his sight, a little bit of cotton softening the edges of his every sensation. He groans as Steve slips out, and blinks in wonder at the lacking trickle of spunk he's been expecting.
The point was, the people that made up this team weren't prudes, they all enjoyed each other's company no matter the kind, and Steve had never in a million years believed he'd get something like this but he was damn glad to have been proven wrong in that regard.
"I don't–" Tony starts, but snaps his jaw close when he doesn't find the words he's about to say to be the right ones. "I'm not doing this because I want to shut you out, sweetie. I just think you shouldn't have to worry so much about me being sad, hm?"
Finally, he allows himself to free his erection, leaving it to spring up toward his stomach. It comes as no surprise that he’s fully erect and wet with pre-come, not when he spent so long in abstinence and the parts of Stark that aren’t machine look appetizing to a criminal degree.
It would make sense that Tony felt such a need to keep her from having to process this too, but it seems like his protectiveness backfired in ways he hadn't expected. It's true what they say about good intentions.
The knight uttered a sound of surprise. He’d already assumed the man was not hailing from Mar’vill, but it was only now that he was able to fully place his accent. “Well, I presume thanks are in order, then. I understand you are from around here?”
Spreading out the pre-made mixture of unripe mulberry, flax, mandragora leaves and a good many more ingredients on a thin piece of cloth, the physician cast a furtive glance over his shoulder. The two other men were conversing quietly, Rogers' expression having softened with sympathy in the face of the pitiful sight Anthony made for.
he thought as he felt his member only stir in the confines of his breeches, clearly finding the prospect to be exciting rather than unsettling. Still firmly seated in his lap, Anthony did not fail to notice. He smirked, a spark of something wicked in his eyes as he bore down onto his groin.
Steve pushes the response that comes to mind away, swallows the words on his tongue before he gets the chance to voice them.
While Tony, more frantically than he likes to admit, rummages for his flask in Butterfingers' bags, Rogers comes back up to standing and approaches from the side. His nose wrinkles minimally as he watches Tony take two, three, four gulps from the beverage. Tony catches himself on the last one and wipes his mouth with the back of his hand. Rogers, who is somehow looking impartial but also judgemental, is regarded with a narrow-eyed look.
“And who might you be?” Anthony asked, interest coloring his voice a deeper octave as he laid eyes on the stranger. He took the swordman’s offered hand and braced himself on his broad shoulder to be able to step down onto the ground.
Tony refuses for all of ten seconds. Steve tightens his fingers around his shaft with enough pressure the pleasure promptly turns into pain. This, he stands for maybe a moment or two before he lifts his head and looks, gasping, at Romanoff, whose expression remains unreadable. Her hands are clasped in her lap right over her crossed legs, posture straight but open like she's interviewing for a position she knows is hers–in fact, that might be an apt description were it not for Tony wrecking himself on Steve's cock.
His heartbeat spikes, cold sweat making his skin itch underneath his clothes that have grown stiff with cold. Tony swallows. There are tears of angry frustration stinging in his eyes. He yells, maybe in desperation, in the naive hope that someone will hear, but there is no answer.
He knows from the way Tony shifts in his lap that he expects him to move. Usually, he'll grab him by the waist and go at whichever speed he's in the mood for at the moment. Today is a little different. What he needs today has less to do with pleasure and a little more with power.
Steve blanks. He's made peace with the way things stood in the last few hours and yet here Tony is, telling him he doesn't have to. All because this five-year-old girl inherited every bit of her parents' perseverance and this Tony too has, despite his initial display of sternness, a very soft spot for his child's every want. The
Steve's not a man of half measures though, and far be it from him to put his mind to this thing and then not execute it accordingly. Tony should’ve seen that coming; unless he's in a joking mood, Steve rarely says things he doesn't mean. This is just the youngest instance of that uncompromising earnestness coming into play.
The memory is painful, but it's long faded into a dull ache in his chest instead of the stabbing pain he's once felt. Regret and guilt may still be gnawing at him (and he deserves it, he
“Okay,” Steve finally concedes, as he always does and as Tony expected him to. This is everything he can do, after all, to atone for this thing he had no actual hand in. “Run me through it again.”
Ross seems to consider this for a moment, but eventually nods and waves him off with a dismissive gesture. When Tony’s in the process of pushing the door open, the man speaks up again, making him freeze in the doorway.
Since Thanos left the compound nothing but a hole in the ground, the Avengers temporarily relocate to an office complex somewhere off Long Island. The space is bleak and the opposite of optimal for their use, but it'll have to do.
What's above him is worse than what is below. There's five of him, back-lit by glaring, fluorescent light, bowed over Tony. Their faces are carbon copies and yet at the same time grotesque imitations of someone Tony has loved for so long the fear that chokes him feels wrong, a foreign object in a space that was once reserved for good things only.
Steve can't even think to protest – she's resourceful, that's a good trait to have. If Tony wants to make some notes on her work later, well, he'll have to get his own paper.
He returned with the mixture wrapped in cloth and handed it to Lord Stark, who pulled a displeased face at its strange smell. "You will want this," Bruce simply remarked. "Inhale it."
"Check for me, please?" She sighs and does half an eye-roll. "Daddy says he needs ten more minutes. That's
Not one to let a simple misgiving throw her off balance, she directed her attention toward the present Lord Stark.
There is no time. People think they will always have it, until they suddenly don't. It's a cycle, and everyone falls prey to it. Tony thought he had time, to assess every aspect of this strange bond he's forged with this man, to sneak clandestine glances, to turn over every piece of information he has and doesn't have in his head before he takes action – and it almost cost him everything.
Tony brings both hands up to hold onto the pillow. Steve folds over him, all heat and tight muscle, and interweaves their fingers. Tony keeps his ass canted up as much as he can, but at a particularly hard thrust, Steve shoves him flat against the bed and that's that.
It's a call for attention and Steve follows it, looks at Tony and everything that he is now: pale skin, sunken cheeks framed by wild stubble and black-blue shadows underneath muddy brown eyes that he thinks were honeycomb and whiskey and all other things alive and vibrant once, but where now instead of color there's only pain.
Stark clears his throat, line of his mouth flattening a bit in resignation as he realizes that this is how this talk is going to happen – with him being reminded of his place during every moment of it simply by virtue of his state of undress.
There's times where he's dangerously close to losing his grip on himself, but he has already had quite enough practice when it comes to holding back certain urges and this isn't all that different. It's another kind, but the want, the carnal need is the same, and Tony is an expert in biting his cheek bloody while he crushes the unwanted underneath his mental boot.
Just goes to show he might as well have been wiped out with all the others and it wouldn’t have made a difference, in the grand scheme of things. Except someone once known as The Merchant of Death isn’t deserving of the kind of mercy that comes with simple disintegration, Tony supposes.
Stark looks away, but Steve sees him worry his bottom lip. “It’s, ah, not. Not about that.” His blush darkens and he clears his throat, stalling. “I can’t, with– with everyone. It’s humiliating.”
Why the Lord considered it his duty to host these men whose favorite pastime was taking his name in vain, Natalia could not determine for the life of her.
As soon as they're back at the plateau, having driven the cattle to a spot not too far from the cabin, Rogers gestures in its vague direction, wordlessly suggesting they go get the feed right away. And so they trail back to the hut, Butterfingers and
Tony hasn’t really had it in him two voice any complaints ever since the man brought that monstrosity of an axe down for the first time with a grunt that’ll be following him into his dreams. It’s been a day and he already can’t keep his thoughts contained to harmless territory.
“If I don’t–” His voice is throaty, a result of the two days he has already gone without water. Three hours.
He pauses, having to think and then forgetting everything when he lets himself drop all at once. Tony doesn’t bother to hold back the wanton groan from deep in his chest as he grinds down against Steve’s groin to be stuffed full up to the last half inch.
do it either, doesn’t even want to entertain the thought for too long, so there’s no options left except going at it the true Stark way: ignorance, insomnia and inventing binges.
Fuck, he might not be on top of his game anymore (appearance- and performance-wise), but he's still doing this, making Steve sound and look like this, and that has to count for something.
Steve is about to inquire what she's referring to, but she goes on to elaborate on her own. "Papa always said the same thing," she grumbles. "I thought maybe you might be smart like Daddy."
The words were spoken between breathy moans and something that Steve didn't know how else to call but a
Steve flops down onto the bed and rolls on his back, pulling the other man onto his chest when Tony makes no attempt of moving on his own. Tony sighs, buries his face in his pecs and smirks when
Steve likes to think he's become a man of the present. Which is why, when Tony's lips are suddenly on his, he doesn't hesitate to relish and make the most of this moment he's been longing for so desperately.
If Tony hadn't been painfully aware of how not qualified he was for this job, he sure would've been then.
Sighing dramatically, the brunet buried his nose in the crook of Steven's neck and made no further attempts to move. His breath was warm on the knight's skin and it took a not insignificant amount of willpower to pry Anthony off his chest instead of hugging him closer.
"And I should– I think whatever it says about me that it was never a question of whether I still loved you can't be good, because fact is, you're a real–a real fucking asshole sometimes, Steve, and I. I can't really tell where you draw the line, or–if there even is a line anymore, and it terrifies me."
This might just be the least shocking development this evening, he thinks, a little giddy. His doctors, nosy SHIELD medical staff and even Pepper told him it would happen if he kept going the way he did. He expected his heart to protest his lifestyle sooner or later. But never like this. Nothing in the world could've prepared him for this.
He suspected something like this, being on the receiving end of Tony's rather violent reaction after he'd opened the door, but having his suspicions confirmed is a whole lot worse. Especially now that he knows what a strong connection this Tony shared with his Steve.
A gust of pulverized drywall sends his lungs into a coughing fit and his mind to a sandstorm in the Afghani desert. His heart and airways compete for the number one place on the pedestal: for just a moment, it's a tie between them, both equal sources of agony.
"Looks like discount Hellboy here is telling the truth," Tony says through a sigh, clasping his hands. "I checked every nook and cranny, scans don't produce any viable results. There's nothing. No hidden passages, no secret stashes, not even a
As it is, there's no way to reverse what has been done. Steve decides not to overstay his welcome and bids his goodbyes to everyone, sharing brief hugs and words of consolation before he exits the house.
At twelve, wooden swords were forgotten in favor of real steel, though blunt it may have still been. Thanks to his hardworking mother's infallible reputation, the Lord promised him a place in his household guard. While the masters taught Anthony the many crafts and skills a Lord was required to excel in to rule over a castle and the lands beyond, James was to train with the other knights-to-be to one day become a respected member of the Iron Guard.
Refills were a much more frequent occurrence than he had accounted for in his calculation, and it didn’t even register with his brain. Well, no. It probably did. He just had no desire to acknowledge what was clearly happening, namely that he’s been falling off the wagon and is now paying the price.
As they settle into a routine, Tony realizes that life as a cattleman up in the solitude of the mountains is terribly,
It was nothing but sheer luck that Bruce Banner's travels had led him to Hattam on the day the Lord's messenger rode up to the town square and announced that they would be hearing out applicants for the position.
"Yeah, there we go, baby– that's right," he could hear himself say, words drowned out by the blood rushing in his ears. "Tha's where you need it, isn't it? Right there, 's where you're sweetest for me?"
The other cleared his throat and respectfully backed a few steps away when there was no need for his support anymore. “Steven Rogers, my Lord. I directed the witcher Strange to you after the battle. You do not remember, I imagine, but it shall not matter. I am not here to seek your thanks, only to join you during your travels.”
He was anticipating Rogers’ reaction, which, after a moment’s hesitation on the part of the man, turned out to be a startled laugh. “I am under the impression that it is yourself you’re speaking of,” he said, returning the compliment en passant.
As he was called to come forward, the knight bore his way through a crowd of contestants and finally emerged, strained smiles and wild gaze belying the discomfort he seemed to feel upon having the people’s undivided attention thrust upon him.
When the brunet opens his arms, Maria comes running in an instant, throwing herself into the embrace. Tony secures her in his grip and squeezes just a little tighter, possibly exhaling in relief or preparation for what is yet to come. He lets Steve know that he’s going to be down in a minute with a fleeting gesture, mouthing ‘I’ll be right back’ so that Steve, unwanted houseguest, won’t attempt to flee the perimeter in the meantime.
But then he stumbles off the ship with Nebula keeping him from keeling over then and there, and he sees Steve running toward them. Correction: Earth is a close second.
The words hit hard. It takes a moment to remember himself, but Steve gets there. He, too, wants time with Tony. Which is why he is doing this: taking a leap of faith to allow them just the lick of a second chance.
In the end, the first thing they'll see, looking at one another, is a lost love – in every possible sense.
Tony doesn't feel like his initial astonishment was entirely unfounded. Rogers isn't a man whose affinity to the arts you'd be able to guess by looking at him. This is yet another thing that Tony files away, important information archived for a later assessment. There's many things you can't tell from the outside, which Tony, out of all people, should know best. The only reason why he's still here is because his innermost desires are hidden away, because he has learned there is no other option.
Although Tony isn't looking at him and won't notice, Steve smiles in sympathy. He knows what it is that Tony fears, this nagging feeling that even something you thought you could treasure forever is gradually slipping through your fingers. It's an irrational fear, but a real one nevertheless.
He was always unable remain still, with inaction feeling alien to his very being. Even now, as the ashen faces of his ghosts lurk in every corner and guilt feeds a bottomless abyss in the pit of his stomach, he can’t bear to let his misery be channeled into something as callous as apathy.
Tony, who has, incredibly, cleared his plate – and isn't it strange that Steve's the one without appetite now – stands up from his seat and puts it in the sink, which he plugs and begins to fill with water. There's barely any dishes to fill the dishwasher today.
Anthony E. Stark, on Hi-dra’s radar for multiple decades and Steve's personal target for close to a month, pushes aside the manhole cover in the dirty back alley below and, after a brief glance at his surroundings, crawls out like the sewer rat he is.
Steve breathes out. He backs off and out of Stark's space entirely, and only then does he say, "We do need you. So by Christ, I hope you ain't bullshitting us. For your sake."
His hand, still clawing the blanket, is taken away and being rubbed by fingers much warmer than his own. Despite the warmth all around, parts of him feel cold and rigid. His toes are the worst, maybe – Tony flexes them experimentally, and the simple movement leaves them sore and wakes him to a new pain: the one in his ankle, throbbing and reminding of what happened that caused him to end up in this position in the first place.
It's then that Steve turns back to him, mouth hanging open as whatever he was about to say gets stuck in his throat at the sight of the Soul Stone before him. His lips form shapes around silent words, sentences he doesn't seem to know how to begin or how to end. Maybe they're meant to be expressions of awe, or cries of joy, or curses meant for the Red Skull and his deception.
With these words, she spoke her goodbye and took a right at the next corridor, approaching a set of stairs and disappearing from view a beat later.
Doesn't matter the amount of objective imperfections, 'cause at the end of the day, you're gorgeous and brilliant in spite of them all. And when I say you're perfect,
Squaring his jaw as he approaches, Steve pretends not to see the trepidation that overtakes Tony's expression when he gets close enough to reach out.
Steve's expression shutters off and Tony immediately regrets everything that ever came out of his mouth. He shakes his head and lifts a hand in a placating gesture. It's shaking. Steve's already seen but Tony hides it in his front pocket anyway, self-conscious.
The longer he looks, the easier it gets to uncover the two most obvious and confusing truths about this room. It's old and out of place. The floorboards aren't as spotless and shiny as the ones downstairs and the tapestry is even peeling off in one corner. Its combination of furniture is messy, the colors don't match, and none of it looks like it really belongs here. Funny, how Steve fits right into both those categories.
super-soldier all over him, lots of other bodily sensations come back to him too. At his feet, he feels water lapping at him tirelessly, and the sand between his fingers tells him that some miraculous power has spit them back out at the shore of a body of water. Tony's 99% sure there wasn't even a trace of water or similar chemical compounds to be found on Vormir last he checked, so this particular development definitely promises to be a head-scratcher.
Depending on the day, Tony then locks himself in the workshop or leaves for SI. Either way, they won't see one another until the sun's set over New York, which gives Tony enough time to prepare for Steve's bitter expression the next time he enters their living room and JARVIS says, "I can confirm Captain Rogers is currently in the right place."
If it’s the fact he hasn’t made a single sound since this world-shattering revelation or the fact that he has fixed both one of Tony’s arms and legs to the shelf that gives it away, Steve doesn’t know. He just knows he feels Tony’s piercing, already panic-stricken stare boring into his neck even before he’s reached into his bag to pull out the tool he’s searching for.
Steve heaves a heavy sigh that is intended to sound over-exaggerated but doesn't come across as all that comical. Part of him probably means it–constantly having to pull someone out of their spiraling thoughts will sure as hell become exhausting somewhere down the line.
Thor comes in pursuit of Thanos; he comes with an axe, one eye and new friends, and that’s when it ends.
Without any other distractions present, Tony can’t keep thoughts from wandering. Back to Titan. Back to the ship. To Peter, and how his expression went from awed pride to determination when being declared an Avenger. The way he pled for his life as he felt it coming to an end, unable to do anything but shake in fear and agony before he crumbled in Tony’s arms.
Much to the dismay of her late mother, who had desperately tried to betroth her to a wealthy trademan from her sister's husband's family until the day she breathed her last breath after a short but severe sickness.
“Keep going,” Steve says casually, knowing perfectly well the effort it takes to both move independently and string coherent sentences together with a dick up your ass and someone fondling various erogenous zones.
Tony sighs and fists a hand in the hair at the back of his skull. Steve isn't sure if it's his turn to speak; in any case, he wouldn't know how to react, and there seems to be something more on Tony's chest.
Although they planned to take turns sleeping, they end up outside, sitting together in silence more often than not. The atmosphere in these late nights would be almost comfortable if not for the cold.
Tony bites his lip. Then, in spite of everything telling him not to, he rotates where he's standing and looks over his shoulder. Huh. Yeah, well, can't expect your ass to look like it did three decades ago, but… he's still up to par in that department. It's presumably only thanks to all those thousands of squats he's done that it has sustained as little damage as it has – one good news in a fuckton of bad ones. He'll take what he can get.
With fingers that may be shaking from both the cold and dark apprehension, Tony grabs the lantern tied to Butterfingers' saddle by its handle. It takes him three attempts to get a match lit, and he tosses it into the snow as soon as the flame has caught. Then, he follows Rogers' footprints out into open land – and jolts to a halt when he hears movement of multiple bodies.
Steve puts one arm under Tony's and the other under his knees and lifts him up gingerly. His legs feel like they're about to give out then and there, but that's not an option right now, so Steve doesn't let them.
"How I got here was more of an accident. I'm from another, uh, place. A world, like yours. It sounds crazy even to my own ears, believe me. Where I'm from– most things are the same, but there's a few key differences. I think you might've noticed that, too."
Heaving himself upright on one leg is a struggle, but Tony makes it at last. He starts to hobble along the trail, only pausing to rip a reasonably durable branch off a nearby tree to craft a makeshift crutch. On horseback, it would have taken at least another hour to the plateau; at the speed he’s going now, well. The odds sure aren’t in his favor.
The rest of the house is still quiet, its inhabitants asleep after yesterday's eventful evening. Steve sees to it that his journey downstairs into the kitchen doesn't disturb them; he's already done enough damage and desperately wants to avoid waking Tony anytime before eight o'clock. Steve is willing to bet the ten bucks he's got to his name that Tony Stark is not a morning person in
Tony had been so determined to let Steve fuck him (had gotten that heady, glazed-over look in his eyes whenever he talked about it that drove Steve crazy) he didn't let up until Steve caved, on the condition that they'd take some weeks to prepare him for the main event best as possible.
He's promptly reminded of the Red Skull, who disappeared from the Valkyrie in the same circumstances Steve finds himself in now, and he can't quite keep the panic at bay. Frankly, he has no desire at all to end up taking the Skull's place on that godforsaken planet.
Carol recoiled as she understood what she had witnessed, almost knocking over the bucket at her feet and betraying her presence to the men in the corner who, still in the throes of their pleasure, had not taken notice of her. Yet.
Maybe he's spotted the not-tears in Tony's eyes, or the way he's frowning at his too-big reflection in the too-big mirror, or just the cloud of general misery hanging in the room that is concentrated especially densely in Tony's vicinity.
Steve is gasping when he breaks the kiss and leans away, but not long enough for Tony to take a proper look at him. Still breathing wetly against his mouth, Steve dives back in, now with an edge to the kiss that tells Tony everything he needs to know about the outcome of the mission.
The reality seems to sucker-punch him like it did Tony a few minutes ago: he has already lost. There’s nothing he can do to change the past. (Except he can, he’s done it before and not just once if his written and spoken word is worth a damn, and Tony is only one of many failed attempts, nothing more than another line on the tally.)
The burns are gone, his smile brittle and his bright doe eyes wide in disbelief and swimming with tears. Steve would huff an incredulous laughter if he could, but everything he manages is a strained exhale. Tony shushes him softly, palms of his hands tender as they cradle his face, fingers stroking over the high of his cheekbones and the cut of his jaw.
They're going to be late because of his unannounced emotional unraveling, and Steve's going to be fucking annoyed with him because he's not only got a boyfriend who's twenty plus years
They’ve been together like this considerably often since Tony’s return, after Tony collapsed into his arms with tearless sobs and bloodshot eyes. After they talked and cried, holding onto one another as grief and relief washed over them. There’s a special place in his heart for all these memories of their most intimate moments together, a reminder that even the wounds thought unfixable could scab and heal with time. With time, loss, dust and blood.
When Steve explains the fact of the matter to him with audible enthusiasm, Tony's amused smirk gradually wanes, softens, into something more delicate and finally, brittle. It's one of the moments they'll try to pretend have never existed later, the next time they come across one another with renewed strength to hold up their respective poker faces.
As luck would have it, it's once again on them to make or break the universe. Although they're very much aware of the impact of their actions this time around, which Tony isn't sure is a positive development anymore. Not after what the Red Skull told them was needed to get the Soul Stone.
FRI tells him it's something Os in general experience during pregnancy and not his sex-deprived mind suddenly demanding something large and phallic shaped up his ass. At the dawn of humankind, this hormonal change in an expecting omega's system served to ensure the continued survival of their offspring. A bonded omega would bind their alpha mate to them further, and an unbonded one would attract another A to protect and provide for them.
There's also the various aches that yesterday's journey is responsible for, but that one was, at the very least, a once-off thing. If Rogers is unwilling to re-negotiate their sleeping arrangements, Tony will have to spend months (not) sleeping on this cursed piece of furniture.
Next, Steve moves over to the left, making a point of avoiding the space between his legs that’s begging for attention most. He noses the crease at the junction between leg and hip, taking his time as he navigates the familiar landmarks on Tony's body. It's always a little unsettling, to be met with Steve’s kind of attentiveness–the one that leaves you feeling bare no matter whether you're undressed or not and makes it harder to hide the more you try.
Steve always yearned for it, for something like this, but he doubts he could've coped with losing Tony if they had been as close as these two were. He barely does as it is.
Steven exhaled deeply, conceding defeat. The man would shamelessly talk one's ears off if given the chance.
The Lord made a point of meeting the other's gaze during the last of his words, his smile softer than maybe he himself realized.
The young knight would have not much cared for the passing of the old Lord had it not been for Anthony’s beloved mother, who had sat and died right at her husband’s side.
“One thing he never quite grasped was that my unwillingness to find a spouse and produce an heir did not stem from an unwillingness to carry this legacy. No, it’s… the opposite, really. I care for these lands, for this people, and I want nothing more than to know that when I go, it will be left within good hands.”
Tony throws his fork down and pulls at the wide collar of his shirt to expose the teeth marks on his shoulder. Steve's eyes widen, and it would be comical were his expression not so very far from anything qualifying as humor.
when Steve obliges. (Tony is sure he would've shoved back in with the exact same amount of force even if Tony hadn't asked, which only fuels his want.)
Tony frowns. There’s something wrong with that thought, which is–Steve never gets into bed that late.
“Well, I can’t exactly give you a demonstration, can I? But I can show you how to take these apart. With the supply we have here, we could get five, six dozen smaller doses easy.”
She had long stopped to care for others' criticism of her ancestry. The S'vjetians were rulers of the Frost Lands across the sea, had been for centuries, and many in the Kingdom of Shields feared them as raiders and savages that brought forth wildlings and warrior brides. Maybe they were wild, Natasha mused, but no more and no less than the people in these lands.
They set up a couple of traps in the beginning, courtesy of Tony's ingenuity, and the haul is usually much larger than this. It was much larger last month than it was a week ago, too. They might have to move on one of these days, when Tony is better–the city is picked clean for the largest part, and staying too long in one place has never proven to be a smart move.
After that, Rogers shakes him a last time and backs off, and Tony can only do so much to catch himself and not fall on his ass with the force of his push. The other man walks past him, attention suddenly directed elsewhere, and falls down onto one knee next to the cowering shape of an animal lying in the snow.
"You…are… most welcome," the man answered, quiet amazement instead of the venom she had expected in his voice.
It strikes him then that the inside of his hand feels uncharacteristically... warm. As if wrapped around one of those pocket warmers people like to use during winter. Come to think of it, his fist isn't closed
"The way you–" Tony's voice dies, and he gestures lamely with one hand to explain a matter too difficult to put into words. Sighing in frustration, Tony bites his lip while shaking his head as if to reprimand himself for his inability to speak the words out loud.
The delirious babble must be the product of Steve gradually wearing him down this evening and his general post-coital candor (there's a reason he quickly made himself scarce after every tumble in the sheets during the early days of their relationship). Because Tony, frankly, doesn't care whatsoever about anything but the feeling of Steve, the way it's making him drool into the pillow, dizzy and stupid until he's so far past any rational thought he doesn't even pause to think of what's about to spill out of him.
"It's Stark," he says, and Steve averts his eyes from what's playing out in front of him to gape at the beta next to him. "
With the switch of a flick that Steve alone is responsible for, the other man stills. As if put on hold, the flow of tears stops, and he looks up from his hands with red-rimmed eyes.
Tony thinks, risking a glance at the man across from him, hat pushed up on his head. It’s baring his face, covered in a full beard that is darker than his golden hair, the skin beneath tinged red from the cold and blue eyes darker than they ever are during the day.
because there has to be a golden thread somewhere, right? Something that ties it all together, that makes it computable, measurable, quantifiable–
nightmares away. Except now– now there's nobody left. Not if Tony rejects him entirely, not if this world's Avengers don't feel comfortable welcoming a different version of
Steve, surprised at the sudden emergence of Tony's voice, turns around to see Tony standing in the doorway to his bedroom, fingers wrapped around the edge of the frame in a white-knuckled grip.
The fever finally breaks six days after the incident, and Steve is relieved beyond compare to see that the other symptoms are slowly but surely abating as well. One thing that doesn't go away are the fever dreams, because they're not that–they're nightmares, and the question of what's plaguing him isn't a particularly difficult guessing game.
Tony might find it patronizing and, considering that Steve's not what you'd call a paragon of healthy coping mechanisms, he might be justified in feeling that way.
"Am I sure that I'd rather have your rank fucking dick up my hole than overheat and end up having a– a stroke in this place?" He hisses,
When he first sees the blurry shape of a person floating outside of the ship, Tony thinks she’s an angel. He realizes he’s mistaken when his vision clears and there’s a fierce look in her eyes and a tension in her jaw that reminds him–stupidly–of Steve.
James was very well aware that Anthony had a passion for the forge, but this explanation seemed unbefitting. Truly, the Stark heir was not one to expect to be showered in compliments for an unprompted act of kindness, but this was not to say he did not crave or go so far as to avoid them.
"Pheromone concentration in the air indicates an unusual absence of such, which leads me to believe that this individual is devoid of designation, as we know to be the case with Thor and various other otherworldly beings we have encountered."
“I’ll go on that run now,” Steve says, pulls out and leaves Tony standing there, trembling and messy and
The fold between Steve's brows deepens. Set on keeping up the play, then. He puts his fork down and lays his hands facedown on the table, but instead of matching Tony's playful tone, the words that come out of him are serious. "I don't know what you're talking about."
Tony feels his grip spasm around the thick leather of the journal. He expected it. He doesn't know why it feels like he's choking around nothing (nothing but the betrayal and
His face lights up when he starts chewing. “These aren’t bad,” he says, with no small amount of surprise. Tony would be offended if he himself hadn’t had the same reaction to his unlikely culinary success.
And Steve thought they'd had a pretty nice conversation, with the exception of the rather unpleasant ending.
Tony hummed, first in surprise and then in pleasure, his already blown pupils widening minimally as he tasted her on the skin. Content, his eyes slipped back and his cheeks hollowed as he began sucking on the digits, shuddering breath leaving through his nose.
“Alright, so, uh, our buddy Stone? He thinks of this as a lesson. I told him 'no' one too many times and now he thinks he can throw me to the wolves and then eventually I’ll learn to roll over and take it.
Tony does need. More than ever, he needs, and he thinks it might be his undoing no matter whether he acts upon it or not. Need and want are two words that have little in common, though, and damn him if he wants Steve here, after everything. He doesn’t.
Tony smiles half-heartedly, a brief twitch of his lips that just shows he isn't even in the mood to pretend. Steve's crossed arms leave a window that bares the circular patch of scar tissue where the arc reactor once sat. Tony forgets it's there, most days, but today it's just another mark of imperfection and another flaw to remind him of how very vincible the apparently Invincible Iron Man really is.
Tony is aware there are many younger men who like a dad bod (he's not a cultural reject, thank you very much) and some fluff, but this is just sad. Like, this scenario right here could be part of some bad, amateur porn where he's about to pay the young, gorgeous specimen for a pity-fuck.
The hand slips under the seam of his boxers and wraps around his half-hard dick without much preamble. Tony groans and bucks into his hold, unashamed. Steve chuckles a little, a quiet and intimate sound that sends a wisp of air brushing across Tony’s jaw.
He must've looked for a tad too long, because after he's set his drink back down, the man turns to him casually and lifts an eyebrow in question, eyeing him from under the brim of his hat. "I got somethin' in my face?" he asks, his voice a rough drawl with an accent Tony can't quite place.
"How about we ride up to the cabin? Once my foot has healed, of course. Make up for lost time?" he suggested, smiling and tilting his head to gauge Steven's reaction. "We've been wanting to go there forever, have we not? The both of us, alone. It would be a few days at the most."
Maria blows out a long, very exasperated breath, flopping onto her back. "Didn't you say some things are different where you're from?" she asks, an accusing undercurrent in her voice.
The mare is taking the brunt of it, really. She's huffing as she climbs steadily up the rocky path like an ibex, almost dragging the mules behind her by force. They've got no choice but to follow, at least until a point in the near future when his horse's strength will eventually start to dwindle.
– you find out new things you didn't even know were there for you to know nor thought to ask about. It's nice.
Tony shivers as another surge of pain shoots through him, seething hot in his veins. The truth tastes like rancid milk in his mouth, sour and left standing for too long. All the pieces were right there all this time and he never figured out what to do with them–so in a way, it’s his own fault. He could’ve prevented this if he’d stopped and used his brain for a damn second. He could’ve saved his Steve, and he failed. (The irony of being concerned about his own safety while Steve was the one in danger all along doesn’t go past him. It’s a cruel one.)
The man returns the smile, a genuinely amused one that falters with time and turns into a lopsided smirk when he processes Tony's words and takes the earnestness in them for what it is.
"I'm going to regret this, but here goes," he mutters, mostly to himself. When he looks up, he doesn't shy away from Steve's gaze. "My daughter is painfully stubborn when she wants to be. Courtesy of Steve, I'd say, but I can acknowledge my lack of sainthood when I want to."
A single tear rolls down Steve's cheek at the last word, the quietly raging oceans of blue spilling in the face of Tony’s plea and the despair in it. He nods frantically and more droplets create invisible trails down his skin, the ocean sloshing with the movement.
Having unbuttoned his pants and pulled down the zipper, he's unable to stifle the low groan in the back of his throat as he takes himself in hand.
Presented with a choice, maybe Steve'd pick this too. The simple life, he's long given up on seeking, but the
Tony won’t. Not because his endurance doesn’t match Steve’s in every way that matters, but because it is in the nature of the virus to kill and turn any human being that isn’t fortunate enough to carry the fancy all-around vaccine that is Erskine’s serum.
Steve chuckles, but the noise gets stuck in his throat when Tony finally turns to him, his expression devoid of humor. "I can't convince her to stay in her room forever. She already knows something's up,” he says, scratching the back of his head.
That somewhere is visible through his eyes, and there's a certain disappointment, guilt and anger in them that Tony neither knows what to do nor wants anything to do with.
He climbs up the stairs after Tony, pointedly looking at his own feet that have no right to feel as heavy as they do. He's not even tired, not really. As Tony turns left, Steve goes right, the wordless goodbye making him hesitate while he approaches the room he has taken up residence in.
Steve’s answering, indignant huff is witnessed by no one, as Stark has disappeared to his quarters, a sleeping space in one of the last columns of beds in the wagon. When the alpha follows him, he’s already made the climb to the second bunk from the top, one that’s been vacant for quite some time – Steve can’t even remember who its last inhabitant was – and is now slipping behind the curtain (a raggedy blanket fixed under the mattress on top) and out of view.
Filling his lungs with crisp air as he rounds the lake and then follows a path into the woods feels like being born anew. For the first time in what feels like ages, Steve doesn't think; his mind is wonderfully quiet, lacking all the incessant noise doubts and mistakes so often love to create. All the relief even has him forgetting about time for a while, and when he finally returns to the lakehouse, the sun has moved up to the center of the sky.
The initial urgency has ebbed, leaving only comfortable pleasure that is lazy in its climb. They could probably keep at this for hours. Tony has to bite his lip at the idea. Steve fucking him for hours on end, rubbing his hole raw to the point of
Tony swallows his wounded pride and counters, "With all due respect, but you talk like you got a dozen other applicants to choose from. And from what I've been hearing, that's not really the case, is it?"
As he stepped foot into the dimly lit hall, his every move reverberated in the large, circular space. The Starks' burial chamber was not as palatial or magnificent as one might assume, yet on second thought, it made perfect sense.
Coding new safety protocols is a reasonable countermeasure and also alternative to letting the Avengers know. They argued about it again just last weekend ("There's a pattern here. Whatever their goal is, it's something to do with me. Not the Avengers." – "What if it's about getting to the Avengers through you?" – "So you're just concerned about what this means for the Avengers?") and although Tony won him over with the compromise that they'd come clean about everything the moment anything remotely suspect happened, the peace of mind he’d been expecting to find didn’t make an appearance.
Having arrived at the hut, they dismount. Rogers looks at him briefly over their horses' backs, his hands still gripping the saddle.
They're now selling a (very obviously) Avengers-knock off pin-up calendar at Convenience Store That Shan't Be Named – don't ask him why it caught his eye or what he was even doing there – and people really have a very specific image of what a man in the business looks like. Large, imposing, hunk of a guy. A Thor, or a Steve. That's considered Bonnie Tyler "I Need A Hero"-esque.
When he looks at Tony, there must be something in his eyes, because Tony clenches his jaw and avoids his gaze, looks at the floor. His dark lashes brush his cheeks as he looks down. God, he's pretty. (Objectively speaking. Epitome of objectivity, right here.)
"Don't do that," Steve says, and Tony snaps out of it. Is he really that transparent? Ouch. And here he was thinking he's learned to hide his mental crises pretty well. (Yeah. Not from Steve. Never from Steve.)
, and it hadn't mattered how slow or careful he'd gone because Tony would be too tense and wound too tight for them to really get anywhere. It was never going to work unless he was relaxed to the point of being completely boneless, but super-soldier or no, Steve only had the two hands and he'd always go between working Tony open and trying to comfort him at the same time, which just wasn't enough.
Tony hums appreciatively as Steve draws a line of kisses down his neck. It’s rare Steve lets his facial hair grow out at all–which is a damn shame, because
The sound causes the hair on the back of his neck to stand and the blood to freeze right there in his veins. He isn’t able to pick out the nuance of it in the first moment; if he were, he would’ve known not to mistake it for a sound of the undead, and he wouldn’t have jumped to his feet and pointed his hunting knife at the man on the bed.
He's just there and does his thing – and that thing turns out to be cooking, going for runs and avoiding alone time with Tony – and there's… not much happening beyond that. Steve isn't complaining, in all honesty, because the lack of obligations or world-shattering threats for a change is actually quite refreshing. Whenever his brain needs some stimulation that doesn't involve figuring out a new recipe, Steve takes to reading those many different books stored in the guest room.
gulps in the way he seems to treat many things including his privileges as a free man. Greed is a disease that deserves to be expunged. His chest is heaving violently as his heart and lungs–both presumably mechanical–work at transporting oxygenated blood back into the deprived areas of his body.
In the meantime, his hand has traveled over the other’s hip and down to where his dick lies erect against his stomach. As he takes it in hand, he begins rubbing his own erection against the omega’s crack in time with every pull, repeatedly brushing his opening but never slipping in.
And if what he's suggesting is the exact premise of his every other nightmare, well. It's not like he's in the habit of talking to Steve about his nightmares anymore. Roundabout is everything he has to offer these days.
"Been–" The word sounds like an ugly, raw abomination of human language, and Tony has to clear his throat twice before he speaks again. "Been better, but I'll survive."
Everything is slow and muted. His throat is dry to the point it's painful, but there is no saliva in his mouth he could swallow. Tony smacks his lips and groans, a sharp, rough sound that startles even himself. He sounds like a dying animal; maybe because he is one.
Steve chuckles at the rather simplistic assumption, nonchalantly wiping his chin with the back of his hand. "Oh, they didn't send me to do
Tony gives him some space to acclimate to the situation, opting to massage the stiff wrist of his hand finally freed from Steve's grip.
Tony remembers those moments after the impact, after Steve jumped and Tony followed seemingly just to spite all logic and common sense left within him. He hurt, then. More than he'd ever thought possible, not with everything he'd already been through. He thought he'd built up endurance for anything and everything that fate may throw his way, but this -- nobody would know to prepare for this.
Steve's taken aback at the name of the A.I. Tony is addressing, but even more so when he hears the smooth, British voice respond from somewhere up in the ceiling.
It pained him, keeping Anthony at an arm's length when everything he wanted was to proclaim his love for all to hear, but there was nothing to be done. They had known the consequences when they chose each other.
Finally, he deigns to rearrange their position and rolls them to the side, now facing the mirror full on–Tony couldn't have moved on his own even if he wanted to. Part of him is convinced his joints and muscles have changed their chemical makeup and physically turned to goo, because there's no other explanation that makes sense at the current time.
He starts thinking about nurseries, cribs, nests, rompers and pacifiers–all in reds and golds, because yes, he's indeed that petty.
Tony decides not to argue, because they've got more important matters to attend to at the time. He may not have many things in order, but at the very least his priorities.
Steve drops the weapon, the impact upon the hardwood louder than it has any right to be. Tony twitches, but his gaze follows it to the floor and then travels back up to Steve, who does his level best to remain still.
“I need some booze. There’s– no way around it. And I’m, listen, I’m going to give you the money and the next time you go down there, you’re going to tell them that
Steve lays down a fleeting kiss on the top of his spine and Tony feels the lips on his skin twitch with an unidentifiable emotion.
When he realizes what he’s doing, Steve pauses. He’s rubbing up and down Stark’s cooling skin, from his chest to the V of his hips, his nose buried in the hollow of the omega’s throat to monitor the slowly abating urgency in his scent as he presses the occasional, all too tender kiss to his neck.
The knowledge of what would happen should they not find common ground soon weighed heavily on their minds, but with neither of them able or willing to offer a compromise, they channeled the frustration into something else entirely. And although it belonged neither into this moment nor into this room and wouldn’t end their debate as much as it would just put off the inevitable–Tony gave in, as he so often did when it came to Steve.
On the horizon, Lord Wayne's yellow banners flapped in the wind as his party approached. To their right, men of old Lord Xavier's held his dark red sigil high and proud, and on the left, Lady Everheart's Justice Guard came riding on blinding white steeds. Even Lord Von Doom had made an appearance, his troops clad in forest-green armor already storming onto the battlefield to aid the weakened King's Guard and Klynn's Lord Pym against the hostile forces.
I worship every part of you, inside and out," Steve mumbles, right by his ear, breath hot and close. Tony is suddenly acutely aware of how very naked he and how very clothed Steve is. "How's that sound?“
During his musings, James regarded the man now reigning over the kingdom with scepticism. It appeared to be a never-ending cycle, this battle between the allegedly good and evil. One would climb the throne, turn bitter and cruel, and another would come to vanquish him only to one day find himself walking down the same, sinister path.
Tony is sneaking back to the campsite, head still spinning with his most recent discovery, when the noises come.
He's got his gaze resolutely fixed to the ground at his feet, unmoving but for the slow blink of his eyes. The distress in the air around him is muted now, like he's doing his utmost to reign the emotion in, keep himself from baring his soul to the world now that he's already bared pretty much everything else. It would be sad and inviting pity, really, if it wasn't for the minor detail that the man was on Stone's side of the train just a few hours ago. Steve refuses to feel empathy for this one.
Tony grimaces a little and wipes his hands. “It’s only for a night,” he adds, seemingly deeming the reminder necessary when faced with the state of the room. In light of everything that happened since the Tesseract brought him to this place, Steve can’t say he minds a few dusty pieces of furniture all that much.
Steve laughs, a strange sound to be hearing between breathy moans and gasps, but the grounding vibrations against his back are appreciated regardless. Tony’s grin slips off his face when he nails the right angle on the next downward shove and nearly fails to lift himself again when his thighs begin to tremble with sudden exertion.
Steve sighs contently as he sneaks an arm up Tony’s chest, placing his hand over the spot his heartbeat is strongest. He buries his nose in the crook of Tony’s neck and breathes in, tries to somehow burn the distinct smell into his memory. He’d keep and preserve every sensation if he could; Tony’s scent, the feeling of his heartbeat, his skin against Steve’s.
"Вот и все, котенок," she mumbled right then while her other hand slipped past the waistband of her sweats, her voice an octave or two deeper than the one she'd usually fall into.
The belief that there is any way to quantify the cruelty Tony has suffered at his hands is shameful. As if the scars on his body and soul are to be traded as currency, as if Steve can keep score of how many he has yet to pay for and tick them off one by one.
He’s deeper inside like this, and with a little experimenting finds an angle that allows him to hit Tony’s prostate with every other thrust. Tony ruts back against him and moans in his ear, whimpering when Steve bites hickeys into the sensitive skin at the juncture of his neck. Keeping himself under control is much more trying like this; it’d be so easy to just let this turn into a nice, hard fuck with Tony underneath him, begging and wanton. (He’s pretty sure Tony wouldn’t complain if he let it.)
"I'm so beautiful for you, Steve, just you," he moans, and it takes nothing more to make the other man lose himself, his movements erratic as he crowds Tony into the mattress.
The King paused, a sigh falling from his lips as he caught the Lord's smug expression. Then, he looked at James.
Tony most definitely has a few questions–because while Steve can be spontaneous when he wants to be, this is something else–but he doesn’t much care about anything once Steve’s other hand worms down the back of his sweats. He squeezes the softness there a few times in tandem with his fingers tightening around Tony’s cock, and–oh, Tony has a feeling this isn’t going to last long.
“You don’t want me to go out like this, do you? Let’s just– let’s not waste what time we have left. That’s everything I want, Steve. Time with you. Not spending it in agony for some hopeless attempt at rescue. I don’t want that to be my last memory.”
Could have, but Steve refused. They didn't grasp his reasoning–that it felt plastic, unnatural, fundamentally wrong to hire a person for an act that should be the opposite of all these unwanted qualities.
Tony blames the tremors on the cold. He doesn’t have an excuse for the heart palpitations, excessive sweating and the way everything’s suddenly brighter, louder and harsher yet, but he’ll come up with something. He always does. In the meantime, lingering and doing nothing won’t bring him any relief. Tony
And then there Steve's reflection appears next to him in the mirror, in all his date-night-ready glory, Tony's favorite sapphire shirt stretching over those shoulders (although he's just as attractive in partially sweat-soaked gym gear or just sporting sweatpants and a bedhead) and Tony just… Tony doesn't
Finally, Tony throws his hands up and goes back inside, slamming the door of the cabin close behind him hard enough the wood creaks in agony. He's done standing around and he's done offering his help time and again only to be disrespected for it. The shed can collapse on Rogers (and hopefully knock some of that righteous bullshit out of his head) for all he cares.
Tony takes a quick shower and then fetches the first aid kit from the bathroom cabinet. As he slathers some ointment on and haphazardly wrapps it all in gauze, he reminisces about their last conversation on the phone.
Carol cleared her throat and scratched the back of her head with the hand that was not gripping her rusty, old sword tightly. Again – this had been a very spontaneous endeavor.
"It's already past seven," Steve says, after a few beats in which Tony hasn't acknowledged his presence. Silence is everything he's met with, so he approaches, coming to a standstill next to him. "We need to go, Tony."
"Tragic thing is, now they'll report this waste of time to Fury and he's gonna stop and think to himself, well,
Despite his apparent unwillingness to step forward, Rogers held his head high as he walked into the center of the arena, where they'd raised a round platform that Lord Stark insisted was only to be addressed by the name of
They get overrun, as has been the case many times prior, on their way back. Steve feels as if he should’ve seen it coming a mile away–everything’s been going to smoothly, the streets too quiet, the supplies much too plenty, the buildings devoid of hostiles both living and undead. It only makes sense for whatever cosmic force responsible for the workings of the universe to finally make up for what it’s been sparing them of hardship in the past couple of hours.
When Tony's gaze travels back up for a moment, he notices the telling ways of his nose being wrinkled and the corners of his mouth having turned very strictly downward. His frown is accentuated by already existing and increasingly prominent lines. He looks a little appalled. Mostly, though, he looks just the part of someone who's on the verge of hitting a late midlife crisis. Nice one, Stark.
The air is cool against his heated skin, and Steve’s fingers suddenly teasing against his hole are slick and unexpected. Tony gasps into the pillow and pushes against the finger.
and continues, "For a reason unbeknownst to me, she tells me that we can't kick you out. I don't know if she's arguing your case because you're, well,
Any other man of the ruling class would have acted with reason and appointed the next Captain of Guard himself instead of taking a wild gamble and allowing an array of games choose who would be commanding his guard, but as had already been proven time after time, Anthony Stark did care for neither rhyme nor reason.
Once the recordings are done and over with, Tony doesn’t think much at all. As though his subconscious has kept him up and aware just so he could go through with this one thing he knew he still had to do, and then gave up the fight, finally stopped thrashing like a feral cat.
At Tony’s incredulous eyebrow-raise, Steve trails off. The man laughs quietly to himself, rubbing his neck. “Pepper, huh? Good to know that worked out for one of us, I guess,” he says, the words directed more at himself than at Steve.
The man had bid Peter to address him by his given name as well, but the word still felt unfamiliar (and undeserved) on his tongue.
Steve's lips trace a string of kisses over his collarbone, his hot breath grazing his skin as he mumbles, "Strong but compact. So I get to hold you like this. 's a perfect fit."
Tony would know. Tony has spent a considerable amount of time in Red Rock's only saloon, a sad little place crammed in between the even grimmer looking general store and a building proclaiming itself a bank despite not having seen a single dollar note in half a decade.
Steve’s going to admit, the guy’s got spunk for a naked, first-class omega in ten wagons full of angry alphas who’d give a not-so-figurative limb to get a go at him. He is nowhere near convinced, though.
"I watched you die," he says, eyes distant, fogged with lives past, "over and over and over again. I watched you die because nothing I did was ever enough. It took… a
Pepper eyed him with tangible disapprovement when he first donned the new arc reactor, which Tony thinks is unreasonable because personal safety doesn’t get any better than this. The nanites expand where his current condition calls for it and reinforce the Mark 50 around the spine and lower body without giving up crucial amounts of manoeuvrability.
He looks up and is met with the dozens of heroes that have gathered around as the fight came to an end. When he walks, sensing Rhodey’s and Pepper’s presence close by, the crowd parts around them.
It takes Steve a moment to pull himself together, but his expression still belies the barely contained laughter.
Not-Steve’s face does something strange. It's a grimace, half laced with resignation and guilt. He begins to shake his head ever so slowly, a few degrees left, the exact same amount to the right. Robotic, pre-programmed. Again. Again.
He's – well, he's loud. Steve promised they'd at least try and not let the whole place in on their quick-and-dirty, didn't he? The alpha reaches up to where Stark is currently drooling into the sheets, fabric underneath his face already damp with spit. He shoves his fingers – his open fist, really – into the man’s mouth, and there’s a moment where Stark clearly doesn’t know how to react to the unexpected intrusion: He bites down and harshly sucks in air through his mouth, gagging, until he eventually realizes it’ll be much easier if he just breathes through his nose instead.
It takes a long time for him to run out of tears, and even longer to come to his senses enough to wipe them away, quick and rough. Steve doesn't have the presence of mind to feel self-conscious about this display of vulnerability. Even if he did, he doesn't think he could be bothered to care.
Steve keeps his mouth shut, then, too mortified to even argue. That answers his question of whether or not he's been obvious with the supposedly secret looks. He should’ve backed off and kept his distance when he had the chance – only, Steve’s mostly positive he’s been doomed from the very beginning. There’s nothing that could’ve stopped the inexplicable draw Tony has on him, that soft yearning he’s felt in his chest only amplified with every hour spent in his presence.
To his credit, Tony neither reads nor does he pay any more attention to the message. He leaves it to rot in the inbox, unheard and unseen, because that’s the greatest act of defiance he’s capable of at the time being. But then again, he also pockets the phone instead of putting it back where it was, so maybe this is a point for Steve after all.
Come the following day, Tony picks up the trap and all the stray pieces that have broken loose on impact. It’s probably double the work now, but he doesn’t even complain, only sits quietly at his spot by the fireplace and works through the frustration. Steve knows better than to offer his help.
As it turned out, the Captain's rather impolite entrance was not entirely without cause; in his arms, clutching onto his linen shirt, lay no other than Lord Stark, who had never complained as vocally about any of his supposed ailments than he did then.
Bruce was not the kind to ask many questions, so he did not find much difficulty in obeying the rule. Being of a rather reserved temperament himself – long as no-one dared to anger him – he knew to leave others to their secrets.
Steve returns to the present when Tony releases him from the warm confines of his mouth with a wet sound, the hand still gripping his wrist steering his spit-slicked fingers down between their bodies where his dick is rubbing precome all over Tony’s ass. Tony gasps audibly as he presses a fingertip in, barely moving an inch before slipping out again and massaging the quivering muscle of his opening in slow circles.
When he had the presence of mind to open his eyes, Tony was trembling and panting hard beneath him, the arch of his back exaggerated and his forehead pressed into a pillow while his mouth remained free to suck in air. A little dazed, Steve frowned, looking for Natasha who was gone – and found her between Clint and Bruce, who had joined Thor on the empty side of the bed as well. All of them were in varying states of undress and intently focused on what was playing out in front them.
She only wished she had not been the one to be exposed to this rather private moment. At the same time still, she felt relieved.
, reddened lips littered with bite marks and eyes swimming with a silent plea that Steve's sure he isn't even aware of. Then, he lowers his chest back onto the bed, pulls his knees in and arches his back, and – Steve hasn't had a chance to begin with, but Stark presenting himself in a submissive demeanor so unlike his insubordinate personality does ugly things to his self-control.
He's braced against the counter with one arm, his gaze inquisitive as he regards Tony. His eyes are narrowed just so, and Tony's heart rate spikes with the irrational fear that the stranger and his piercing blue eyes know perfectly well what he's been thinking of.
Anthony Stark had invited him to, as Peter came to know soon enough, offer him a position among the castle’s staff to aid him, the Lord in person, think of more such inventions that would benefit all people in the Far Lands.
Tony grins – definitely earnest and most likely raunchy – as he looks up to get a look of actual Steve and not just his reflection. There's things the mirror just doesn't manage to capture. The heated gleam in his baby blues, the shade of his lips, the tinge of pink high up on his cheekbones.
Lord Howard was as hard a father as he was a ruler and had always been sparing with praise when it came to his son’s achievements, but quick to raise his voice (or hand) if Anthony stepped out of line or so much as uttered a thing he did not approve of.
Surprisingly, his expression turned out to be one of thoughtful contemplation and not, as Steven had feared, hurt irritation. And, surely enough, he shared his youngest touch of genius a moment later.
"Alright, well…" when the brunet inches closer, Steve has to force himself to keep his breath steady, overwhelmed by the sudden, unexpected nearness. Tony squints and looks directly into his eyes. "There's some green. He never had any green at all, just blue."
“Why you love how I–? Because you’re a gullible idiot with bad taste, I thought we established that already,” he quips, just about keeping himself from sticking his tongue out like a kid refusing to eat his greens.
"Well, I can't help you with your math problems, but we could find a way to pass the time until he's done with his work?" Steve suggests, looking around the room in the search for something that might interest the girl. Finally, his gaze lands on the container of colored pencils on the far side of the coffee table. There's an idea.
he’s a little jumpy, a little more on edge than usual. His very nature despises him for not seeking a new bondmate to guard and care for little Antonia–he has yet to come up with an actual name–in him. Tony refuses to let it discourage him. His biology wants someone else to care for him? Tough fucking luck, because he hasn’t stopped being Iron Man, second trimester or no, and he's got the best protection there is right at his fingertips.
With the weapon as firmly secured as could be, Stark cleared his throat and resumed his speech, "I bestow this greatsword upon you to consolidate your position amongst the people. Carry it as a symbol of the responsibility placed in your hands, and carry it with the deliberation and wisdom of the men that came before you."
From up close, the scene is different than from afar. Tony is silent and his eyes are empty, gaze fixed onto an irrelevant point far in the distance. Steve would've thought him dead if not for his ragged breathing, the sound itself screaming of agony. Pepper's words are consoling, reassuring him in those last moments to give him the peace Tony hasn't allowed himself all his life.
Anthony shot upright at his words, wincing as the movement caused his injured ankle to stir and send more spikes of agony through his body. "
him and it's been a near decade in which he hasn't regretted either of those things and he sure as shit won't start now.
Steve remains standing by the sink awkwardly, risking a glance at Tony's daughter who seems just equally as delighted by the situation as her father. When Tony, having apparently collected himself enough to deal with him, looks up again, he meets Steve with an exasperated glare that hits the exact nuance of
Steve smiles, satisfied. He shifts between Tony's legs, broadening his stance, and brings his forearm down above his head while his other hand supports Tony by the hip. Tony doesn't think about how his fingers sink into the soft patch there. He thinks about it even less once Steve starts rocking into him.
The pen clattered to the floor after the table shook with a particularly hard thrust. Neither of them paid it any mind. Tony moaned, one of those lewd, keen sounds he knew Steve adored. He tried to spread his legs wider just to get that extra inch inside of him, the attempt thwarted by his pants pooling at his feet.
"I'd like to. If you'll have me," he answers and hopes some of the gratitude he feels seeps into his voice.
When it gets warmer, they'll follow a footpath to a weather-worn staircase nestled into the rock of the cliff. This bay doesn’t get any visitors but the two of them and they make the most of it: Tony forgot his swim trunks once and he's forgone them ever since. Out here, you can taste the ocean on the back of your tongue and the salt on your skin. (In all fairness, Steve’s tastes like sunscreen more than anything, but Tony isn't about to be deterred.)
some weird fucking version of Super Bowl where the players are judged by looks rather than performance.
The procedure doesn't differ from how he's handled the other stones, but then, right as he's about to put it in its original spot, something
He approaches at a leisurely pace until his boots knock the kneeling man’s legs, meeting Stark’s wild, wide-eyed glare with an amicable smile. “What were you going to say? I didn’t catch that, Anthony.”
Crossing the soft carpet laid out over the better part of the hardwood, Steve approaches the king-sized bed, which is a mess. He lays Tony down tenderly, placing him in the middle of the giant nest of clothing items and other textiles. A nest: Steve figures that is what it is, based on all the educational reading he's been doing. He grabs the comforter from the foot of the bed and covers Tony's sleeping form with it, tucking it in around the edges of the nest.
Of course, retrieving the Tesseract from the past and hoping it’ll take him back just like that is nothing more than a shot in the dark, but Steve for one prefers taking that shot over sitting idle and accepting his being stuck here with a shrug of indifference. That’s not who he is, was, or ever will be. Standing on the sidelines isn’t something he’s able or willing to do.
The recording, while it's been made with the sole intention of being shown should he not make it out alive, is a lot less somber than you'd expect a final farewell to be. Then again, it's
As he rides out his orgasm, he buries his face in Tony’s neck and places a kiss to his shoulder blade lazily. Tony hums happily into the pillow, reaches down to intertwine their hands once again, holding on as the first waves of a glorious afterglow wash over them.
. Of course Stark wouldn't do this in his own motherfuckin' backyard, he'd rent a whole industrial compound somewhere far away where he thinks nobody'll find it. And then
But still, having Steve tell him all this so matter-of-factly like it's just another mission debrief is… that's a whole other story.
"Knew leaving you alone with them was a bad idea," Tony says, nonchalant, but his shoulders slump as built-up tension leaves his body and he's fooling no one.
Steve opens his mouth, but Tony holds up a hand and his jaw snaps close again. “I get you don’t get it. It’s difficult to– Look, uh, there’s a lot of science involved JARVIS is gonna get into later, so just– take my word for it right now.”
When Steve lets go of his cock, Tony whines. He’s not embarrassed. Going from at least once every other day to involuntary celibacy for close to a month takes a toll. Steve pushes him flat onto his stomach–no comment, no playful banter, nothing to play off of. Tony bites his lips and grinds his hips into the mattress, making sure to flex his ass when Steve goes to pull away his underwear.
“Your brain is beautiful,” Steve says, smiling, and then leans down to map out a path from Tony’s cheeks, over his jaw, to his throat and neck, all the while repeating the phrase in different variations but the same, reverent tone. It’s cheesy and Tony is surprised he hasn’t burst into laughter yet, but a part–tiny, microscopic really–is unreasonably charmed by the unhampered display of Steve’s attraction.
Tony returns to lay at his usual spot by the window, pressing his cheek against the glass because his head is too heavy on his shoulders. He sees the stars crossing their path even when he closes his eyes, shapes and colors dancing behind his eyelids–until he reminds himself that he can’t, lest he find too much pleasure in resting and risk falling asleep for the last time. He might not wake again if he does.
When Steve suggested they do this, Tony didn't think he'd care for it much. Sure, he'll never say no to an ego-boost, and maybe even less so after an episode like the one he's just had, but right now it feels like more than that. Something twists in his chest, tight and hot in a way that has nothing to do with the fact that both his pulse and breath have quickened.
They exchange lazy, open-mouthed kisses for a while. Steve eventually breaks the chain and leans his forehead against Tony's, which is a little awkward with how they're seated, but he doesn't have it in him to complain once he's at the receiving end of Steve's gaze–a vulnerable, soft,
They have a more or less quiet meal. Tony is busy shoveling food into his mouth–once he got a taste, he realized he wasn't just tired but starving–and Steve keeps glancing at him between bites and then starts all-out staring with something in his eyes that Tony would call
They sent Mar’vill’s guard back to home pastures – all but six capable swordsmen who would ensure the Lord remain safe on his travels.
Steve groans, if because of the words or the way Tony keeps clenching around him–he’s already so damn close–Tony isn’t sure, and he isn’t sure he cares. He cares about the way Steve’s grip tightens around his waist, how he bites into Tony’s shoulder and doesn’t let up, how his breathing grows labored and choppy because he’s close too.
His train of thought comes to an abrupt halt when Steve jumps and disappears from his field of vision in a split second, because-- he can't do
Tony winds his arms around Steve's shoulders and looks up at him, trying and failing not to appear sheepish. He doesn't want to keep repeating this same pattern over and over, but the downward spiral gets harder to escape the longer he entertains it.
He was lucid one moment, and a second later all that need coiled in his abdomen washed over him in a perfect crescendo of sensation – Tony around him, the slaps of their meeting bodies that came with Steve rutting into him, the moans of multiple people, himself included, and all of it reverberating in the darkness of his head as he squeezed his eyes shut.
The man snorts. “Why, Stark, isn’t that grand? America’s most wanted bun in the oven, but I suppose it was an accident so we’ll just have to give him a pass, won’t we?”
"I didn't like the way he said it," he replies, shrugging, and knows he looks defensive when he crosses his arms over his chest.
"Oh, well. Sometimes, there are risks to be taken and leaps of faith to be made," he answered, voice low and smile playful as he shuffled further into the blond's space.
The brisk night air hits him with unexpected force. Tony can't decide whether to hold his aching jaw that surely must have a pretty bruise blooming right about now or wrap his arms around his body to partly shield himself from the cold. He does neither. The pain is a pleasant thump in his bones that keeps him tethered to reality and the low temperatures remind him of how very much not drunk he really is. It's easy to build up a tolerance when the alcohol is cut with water so very evidently it should be considered fraud.
The other Lord had barely drunk a sip at all and wore the look of someone who believed this interaction to be beneath them. In spite of it, he returned, "And I presume you are in the know of one particularly earth-shattering example?"
They've done alright so far and all things considered, this is just another bump in the road–because the reality of the matter is, Tony'd rather be stuck with him than go on on his own, and that is proof enough for Steve that he dreads the prospect of losing him, of being entirely alone with nothing to live or die for just as much as Steve does.
, then no. That was a trick question,” Tony answers, his lips twisting into something of a faltering smile. He turns to the hologram floating behind him, rearranging some segments and discarding others with a flick of his wrist.
Tony sees him glancing at the mirror and schools his expression to suppress the smirk threatening to overtake his features.
They've closed his eyes. It would've been peaceful if not for the sight of his face, deathly pale on its left and scorched a reddish black on his right. Steve promised himself not to look, but now that he's here he can't bear to treat this like it means nothing, like he hasn't been in love with this man for the better part of his time in the 21st century.
In the end, Peter still derived from a simple family. He had no highborn ancestors to show for, no blue blood running in his veins. The first words he returned in response to Lord Stark's offer were to remind him of the young man's origin; words which were of no use, as the other was quick to render this argument void.
Tony doesn't say so, because Steve doesn't like to hear these things no matter that they're joking in nature, and he figures he probably wouldn't manage much but incoherent babble anyway. He instead enjoys the glide of Steve's mouth around him, all-encompassing when he swallows every last inch and teasing when he licks stripes along his shaft and over the tip.
Steve laughs and leans back to look at him. Tony immediately misses the close contact. "There's no occasion," he says. "Can't a guy treat his fella to a nice dinner without any ulterior motives?"
Hearing it like that, it does sound like a bit of an overreaction. Steve feels his ears burning with shame but can't get himself to admit to the fact that he could (and should) have handled the situation differently. Impulse control sometimes isn't on the forefront of his mind, especially when related to unjust accusations that are nowhere near the truth. Especially when related to Tony.
The steady incline wears all of them out – rider and animals. To battle the effects of exhaustion, they take breaks more often, and the sun slowly but gradually descends from its highest point in the sky. It worries Tony, but he thinks they would’ve persevered nevertheless and made it back by nightfall.
damnit, and he needs something to hold onto, but apparently the whole frenzy has made him forget where in human anatomy the asshole is located because he can't get Steve's dick inside–
Out of the two of them, there’s only one intruder – and it most definitely isn’t the dark-haired girl with the same mistrustful frown on her young face he’s seen on Tony just hours before.
"No, still Steve Rogers. But probably not the Steve you know," Tony flinches at that, "or the Steve you, uh, knew."
On the fifth day, he had recovered from the worst of it, still visibly aching if he so much as moved but his head much clearer than it had been.
Tony is asleep when he arrives, so he makes an effort not to disturb him while he guts and skins the animals–two hares and a squirrel–and roasts the meat over the fire. Half of it serves as his dinner and the rest he saves for later.
Sir James Rhodes gaped like a fish out of water when they first came face to face, apparently reminded of his past, childish infatuation with her. But if there was one thing they were no more, it was two youngsters.
Her efforts did not go unnoticed. Sir Rhodes approached her after an afternoon's session of training, inquiring about her knowledge of what a well-equipped armory was to hold. She found this to be curious, as the man knew quite well of all her knowledge, but she recited the requirements she believed to be of highest importance still.
Steve enters the house last, pulling the door close as everybody files into the living room, taking their seats. He keeps to the back, near the wall, and stifles a soft gasp when an almost too real hologram of Tony flickers on.
Steve smiles tightly. The thought is bittersweet. He wonders if this Tony’s daughter is a Morgan too; wonders if she’ll also grow up with a loved one missing. He doesn’t dare ask. “He did. He does. After he came back from space, he and Pepper–”
Donna has moved to her bed at the bottom bunk, cradling her boy close. She nods at him in approval when he searches her gaze, questioning. "Go. An' keep it down a lil'. I always try t'hold his ears close 'n all, but it ain't that easy."
Star-studded gazes and sweet nothings whispered against heated skin and swollen lips between messy, open-mouthed tongue-to-tongues. The warmth of their shared bed, entangled limbs, languid kisses and soft touches to counteract the violence.
The next, Steve did something he'd wanted to do from the beginning; the picture in front of his inner eye alone almost managed to get him off.
The reminder that almost all of his and Tony’s fallouts could’ve easily been avoided if they’d just opened their damn mouths and talked to each other pains Steve to this day. They always had to take the path of greatest resistance.
downstairs, locking him out of dreamland to instead have him deal with Steve, unwanted houseguest who couldn't keep from fucking up that one task he's been given.
The years passed, and as they played and ran and joked together, they soon understood that with their growing bodies, their responsibilities grew as well.
They’re in the process of crossing a shallow, partially frozen riverbed when Butterfingers halts in her step, jolting Tony out of his daydreams. Her nostrils are flaring, ears coming to lay flat on her head and eyes widening all in the span of a few heartbeats. Tony barely has time to react to the sudden development before she starts sidling about, the other animals in tow getting a whiff of her anxiety and following suit.
"Hope you're prepared to sleep with one eye open for the rest of your life," Stark grits out somewhere above him, tone both scathing and resigned. He knows he’s not going to stop it from happening and has gone on to ponder a point later in time. Imagining his revenge to be particularly sweet, as it seems.
After that, he's lead to a conference room, where he doesn't come face to face with Fury but instead a trio of agents, two men and a woman, the latter of which is sitting at a virtual keyboard. They sit him down – there's a hundred-ounce bottle of water and a cup in front of him – and ask him to retell every major event that occurred in his timeline. Yes, that includes everything before his waking up from the ice – he did, in fact, get frozen as well, no?
He heads further down, fingernails scraping over Tony’s stomach and pelvis as he goes. Tony’s only half-hard but already wet by the time Steve takes him in hand; he moans and breaks the kiss after Steve strokes up his shaft, thumbing the head that’s all but dripping with precome. Allowing Tony to catch his breath, he trails kisses down the column of his throat and sucks a mark into the sensitive spot above his Adam’s apple.
Tony swears, angrily but also in desperation, as leaves the immediate vicinity of the fire. He's stumbling more than he's walking, his erection making every step a hassle. Finally, he turns back around, eyes wide and paranoid as he guesses at the distance between him and the camp.
Sensing Tony’s presence, Steve's head twitches just so in his direction, his eyes lingering on the Skull for a moment longer before he looks over at Tony.
He swallows as he heads toward the front door, apprehension suddenly clogging his throat. When he steps onto the patio and focuses his hearing, he can clearly make out voices from inside. They're muffled, but one is deeper, older, and the other is undoubtedly that of a young girl.
It's the next night that Rogers' body finally gives up the fight; as in, he passes out and hopefully catches up on enough sleep for him to go back to being his slightly less grumpy and slightly more amicable self.
He could still close his eyes, of course he could. It's just–Steve's expression is so genuine. He's asking for nothing but his attention and to be heard out, and Tony can't refuse him, can he, when Steve's going to these lengths for
I don’t want this! This isn't like in the fucking movies, hell, it didn’t work for Nat, what makes you think it’s going to this time? Huh? It won’t, Steve, it
Rogers lifts him into his arms without further ado, tucking him tight against his chest as he walks back to the horse. Tony can’t quite– he can’t keep his eyes open, but he thinks that is sincere worry causing Rogers’ brows to knit. The hat is pulled into his face, and it shields him from most of the snow; Tony can understand why he never takes the stupid thing off a little better now.
Peter felt his breathing grow labored as he listened to the words and seldom-shown emotion in Anthony’s voice. It was only after a moment of long silence that he spoke, turning to look at the other man who was still staring into the unblinking eyes of the Lord Stark that had come before him.
Steve thinks of something encouraging to say and fails. The thing is, pushing Tony the right way usually makes for great results, but push just a little too hard or choose the wrong words and he'll go the exact opposite direction.
Bruce did not doubt Anthony's love for the animals; he did, however, doubt that the man had at any point been graced with the aptitude or tact that made for a good rider.
Tony watches, admittedly a little dumbstruck, as the man draws closer. For a moment, he thinks Rogers will deck him, no holds barred, and
Carbonell,” he huffs out in something like wheeze, leaning over him. Tony hears only relief in it, and his lips flutter up and down in the useless attempt of a smirk.
The woman is rather short, blond hair curled into a simple hairdo on the back of her head, blue eyes crinkling as she smiles softly. Her outfit reminds of a nurse's back in the day.
"That's little dramatic, J," Tony comments as the first verse of a vaguely familiar song begins to waft from the speakers.
Tony lifts himself back up, relishing the emptiness in the knowledge that being filled again will be all the more satisfying. “I think you like the way I am when it's just us. You like me in the workshop and, uh, I guess in bed, because I'm at my most–natural there, and…”
This is his main way of getting around, which is only one of many interesting details about his person. It took Steve most of the last month to find him, tracking dozens of cold leads that fizzled out into nothing, intercepting petabytes of data traffic and breaking up more than one exchange of black market merchandise. His patience paid off once he got hold of someone who could point him into the direction of a merchant that was delivering this particular tech.
He should know that, shouldn't he? Steve shouldn't have to tell him that. And he does know, he is in possession of the objective knowledge that relationships are about people and not about whether you're in the same league aesthetically because it's a relationship and
He drags his hips back, barely enough for Tony to tell a difference, and then pushes back, working them up to an actual fucking. The tenderness surprises him–there’s still an understated urgency, but ultimately, Steve’s slow and gentle, rubs his hands up and down Tony’s sides, legs and everywhere else he can reach. Tony fists one hand in the bedsheets and holds onto the back of Steve's thigh with the other, needing the contact.
In the end, his train of thought does a 360, because he’s known all of this from the start: chances of undoing what’s been done are slim, Tony’s going to (rightfully) kick him out soon, he’ll be back in SHIELD’s roster whether he likes it or not, and by now, Bucky and Sam have most likely begun to entertain the idea that he’s apparently bailed on them once and for all.
Steve almost flinches, but the words are not directed at him as he stands there in the door. Instead its JARVIS, who now starts playing a video recording of– him. Well, not
Overwhelmed, Peter exhaled a shaky breath. One of his hands had found its way into his hair at the back of his skull, tugging as if it might hold him should he fall.
His gaze wanders from Tony's shape off to the side, where something seems to suddenly catch his eye. He stills, and before Tony gets to snark back, Steve is heaving himself upright and off the bed.
Part of him doesn't like it. It's not a pleasant pain. Steve is never this inconsiderate, and Tony wants to ask what the
Tony thinks, in a fit of stupidity or maybe brilliance. He isn’t sure. If the sight were a little less promiscuous, a bedsheet thrown over their groins, he could imagine this scene in a Renaissance painting.
They draw side by side for a while. Steve, as per Maria's wish, makes the central topic of his piece nautics-related. He quickly sketches parts of a pirate ship, the flag with skull and crossbones on display. Behind the ship's wheel is a slightly taller version of her, sporting an appropriate outfit for the occasion complete with eye-patch, hook hand and parrot.
Tony looks back at Steve, the shine of unshed tears in his eyes. He understands. All of a sudden, the picture of his mother fades into a flash of colors, thousands of different faces looking back at them at once. Steve's grip tightens almost unbearably, but Tony can't conjure the presence of mind to complain.
Nobody inflicts something like this upon someone else and calls it love, do they? Steve isn’t sure when he’s become a monster, but this has to be proof.
"C'mon, Tony. Remember, before? I meant everything I said. There's so much more here than you're allowing yourself to see."
In lieu of acknowledging the subliminal statement in Steve’s words, Tony responds to the more surface-level message. “Mh–how about you make use of it, then?”
As soon as he's fit enough to walk at a speed that doesn't insult his dignity, he escapes the hospital with a cracked sternum, broken ribs and a limp and has FRIDAY do an extensive scan in the lab.
The memories sweep him up in a rush of ice water as he blinks himself awake, and the only grounding sensation that keeps him away from the bunker and tied to this bed is Pepper sitting by his bedside and squeezing his hand.
Everything he already knew has been proven once again: Tony is a fighter, and he defies all odds. The ability to do the impossible is an attribute Tony holds the same way other people possess characteristics like being a bookworm or having a sweet tooth. It makes Steve fall in love with him every day anew, and he aches something fierce with the want to show that affection but holds back.
Sir James regarded him silently for a beat, the man struggling to stay upright as exertion and injury drained him of his remaining strength. He did not belong to any royal guard nor did he seem to have been hired to fight; it appeared he was there simply for the cause, willing to lay down his life in a war against uncompromising evil.
Tony twitches in a way that's almost a flinch but isn't. His eyes dart in Steve's direction for a moment, a nervous flicker, like he needs to know whether Steve's heard the words too. It's just like him to check for a reaction to his own vulnerability, like Steve doesn't already know what's clearly and understandably troubling him. Like it's his responsibility to function like a machine and shield his daughter from any and all emotions that aren't hers.
something that Steve realized was a choked sob only a beat later. The man was glaring daggers at him from over his shoulder, and there were tears in his eyes – not caused by pain or something of similar nature, but ones of ecstasy, of overwhelming pleasure and, as it seemed, of frustration.
"I can't lose you," Steve rasped, seconds away from coming undone inside Tony, breath hot against his skin. "Not you, Tony. Oh
Without preamble, Tony grasps the armrests by his side and lifts himself up. It's just enough for Steve to press his cock between his cheeks until he finds give. And he always does; even after a day or two that sees him only using the man's mouth, he'll come back to find him barely requiring a stretch. On a usual business day, Tony will be slick and yielding without fail because Steve has found he likes to indulge in his heightened libido now that he has someone to stoke the flames of his desire.
Believe it or not, Tony isn't actually so vain as to check out his reflection every other day, and even less so with all clothes off. Especially out here, in front of the large, floor-to-ceiling mirror next to their walk-in closet, he'll be much more often caught only having a brief, final look at himself before leaving. It usually happens before events that call for a more fancy dress code, and he'll give everything (tie, collar, cufflinks, shirt buttons, jacket fit, pant seams, shoe polish, hair, face, ass) a quick once-over to make sure all's in order and ready to go.
His skin is still flushed, reddening where Steve has kissed and licked for a prolonged amount of time, and his dick is back to being almost soft between his legs. Tony has to look twice at the groin area, and–yup, his face isn't the only place the razor should've paid a visit. Not that he has the desire or stamina to keep himself free of body hair, but that jungle down there is seriously clamoring for a trim.
Nat was a different story. She’d come back to base two hours after she was bitten, and she herself had insisted they go with this last-ditch attempt at saving her life. It was for naught, but they tried at least. Sometimes Steve thinks she knew the odds would've never in a million lifetimes been in her favor but wanted them to believe it, to stay behind knowing they did everything they could. It isn’t a comforting thought.
Finally, he allows himself to slump on the floor next to Tony’s side of the bed, one arm outstretched so as to allow his fingers to stay pressed against Tony's neck and the steady pulse of blood through the carotid artery underneath. The rhythmic beat against his fingertips lifts an oppressive weight off Steve’s chest, one that he makes sure to put back in its intended place immediately. This is no time for alleviation.
Coming to a stand before the knight to be appointed Captain, Lord Stark urged the crowd to give another round of applause for the victor – and they did, screaming and whistling and stomping like a hoard of crazed boars.
Tony’s lifted onto the horse, one leg at first, and then Rogers pushes him up with a strained grunt. The whimper he utters as his injured ankle is stirred with the movement comes out more like a hoarse gurgle. The other man pauses and assesses his reaction. Then he puts a boot in the stirrup and sits down behind, or, or in front of Tony? He’s facing Tony, which makes no sense, because– oh. Tony’s sitting in the saddle the wrong way around, back turned toward the front of the horse.
Seeing as Strange had disappeared the minute he finished his work, Anthony would undoubtedly want to meet the other man who was in part responsible for saving his life.
Next to him, there's noises on the other side of the wall. A scratch and a bump, followed by silence until the sounds come back, repeating like a broken record. They don't startle him like they used to. His guess is that rat colony has taken up residence in these walls a long time ago; Tony's been told it's neither his problem nor his business when he mentioned the matter to the owner, so he let it go. It's true, anyway.
nobody here wants to straight out tell him that they'd rather keep this Captain America 2.0 that conveniently fell out of the sky and into their hands for themselves than send him back home. Just a guess, though.
Steve sighs deeply, a noise laced with feigned disappointment, and wonders if he sounds as gratified as he feels when he says, "We agreed on something, Tony."
Not long after, they hold a ceremony in Nat's memory, out on a nice field with willow trees swaying in the wind. Steve's never really formed an opinion on what the afterlife might look like (if there is one), but he hopes wherever she is, wherever the both of them are – he hopes they're okay.
Inferiority in numbers and armament he can excuse, negligence and ignorance less so. Their writing appears intentionally vague however, so it's to be expected they'll fall into the latter category. Which presents him with a host of additional problems, most of which related to the blood in this suit he's supposed to be wearing for their visitor later this evening.
Tony looks at him and for a moment, the regret feels overwhelming. Because he won’t ever get to see a blue sky again and won’t ever walk beneath it with his hand in Steve’s–but he refuses to shy away from that blue, blue gaze until he's spoken the words that he needs to say.
"I might be," he answers, knowing it'll come across a little ominous, "but not in the ways you seem to be thinking of."
Steve removes his knife from the sheath strapped to his thigh, takes a few steadying breaths and begins to dig for the implant in his neck.
Out of the three of them, Bucky volunteers to keep watch. It's necessary – not so much to keep the omega where he is, but to keep everyone else away from him. Some very courageous individuals are bound to try something during the hours of the night, and they don't want that to happen. At least not until such a time when the man's usefulness is determined.
“Go on,” Steve says, close enough his breath tickles Tony’s ear and pulls him gently out of his musings. Where was he? Tony doesn't remember, and he can’t say that Steve finally,
Steve can't quite suppress the deep, resigned sigh that escapes him. He doesn't mean to guilt-trip Tony into hosting him, absolutely not, but– God. Hasn't he woken up in a strange, new world once already? Isn't one time
Usually, he’d go out of his way to make sure Stark’s secured and restrained even in his sleep; he’s still an outcast first-class to most of the eyes and ears around here and the people don’t like knowing he’s running around freely. After all, it’s not his place: he hasn’t earned it, hasn’t gone through the months of hunger and horror that everybody in the tail end remembers but doesn’t speak of, a nightmare endured in silence.
Steve nudges him gently, and Tony makes himself answer with a jerky nod. "Everything else–it doesn't matter. We matter.
And if he doesn't, well. He can imagine worse ways to go than the one where Steve Rogers is the last thing he sees. Really, they say freezing to death is peaceful.
Steve settled down for the night not even ten minutes ago. The noise pulls him out of long-awaited sleep and back into sobering reality, where hushed voices are all around and someone in the front calls for the people’s attention. He figures it’s just another unscheduled count; they’ve been getting those more and more frequently lately, almost like the guards could sense something being in the air despite their general cluelessness.
After having a dozen internal arguments with himself and losing most of them to his brain's rationale, he finally calls the number. Steve doesn't even get a chance to second-guess his decision before the person on the other side picks up at the second ring.
Maria narrows her eyes but opts to bite her lip, like she’s trying to hold in whatever she might’ve blurted out before. Tony wordlessly urges her to go on.
Tony smiles as Steve nuzzles into his neck, about to question what made him return early, and then sounds a surprised little huff when the other man presses their bodies together and there's a telltale hardness straining against his low back.
Despite himself, Steve eventually does shed his sweat-stained uniform to replace it with the fresh clothes. He can smell himself on the old ones and can’t imagine that to be pleasant for anyone with a nose good enough to pick up on pheromones, so he figures Tony would rather he wear the things than stink up the place.
The door swings open and Steve, of course, decides to come striding in right this moment. Tony keeps his eyes glued to the mirror even as his body grows rigid at the first hint of the other man approaching.
“If I don’t make it, tell them it’s time. It’s always been time. There was never enough of it. I tried everything and it still caught up with me. But they can, they– Strange said there’s a way. This is it. Time. Time’s the way. You just need to figure out the specifics, if I can’t.”
As Pepper, Rhodey and Peter crowd around him, Steve keeps to the background. Even with their relationship mostly salvaged, differences set aside and wounds scabbed over with time – it’s not his place anymore. Not here, not in the very end.
The highlight of the following day's tourney was, without doubt, the last of the challenges, which was held to decide which knight of the Iron Guard would follow in Lord Rhodes' footprints.
On one of these evenings, when Tony and Maria have returned sooner than usual, he's settled in on the living room couch, book in hand and cup of tea by the side. The faint noises, indicative of other people's presence in the building, are relaxing – there's the hum of music from the garage and the scratch of pencil on paper from the kitchen table.
“Well, Sir Rogers, I suppose I should be thanking you. Had I been made to listen to this fool for a minute longer, the ensuing bloodbath would've been sure to disturb the day's peaceful celebrations."
The strange device left behind by Fury brings a glowing woman whose powers are unlike anything they've ever encountered, and she does the impossible.
does he miss his shield. Steve scans his surroundings and listens for sounds until he’s convinced himself whatever he saw must’ve been his imagination playing a trick on him. God knows it's no wonder he's out of it with everything that happened.
Tony always assumed that, whatever she is or isn’t, her organism doesn’t operate like any living being he knows. (He can’t help but wonder, but knows better than to ask.) Her otherness becomes all the more evident as he watches her seemingly unbothered by the lack of sustenance while his own body withers like a neglected flower as the days pass.
"Well, Sir Rogers, I believe we will just have to keep our carnal desires away from the castle, wouldn't you agree?"
Doesn’t quite feel like six months when the pain in his sternum is the same as it was when the bone there was still cracked. Figures. You can’t put an expiration date on betrayal.
Steve doesn’t mourn the man he was before. His old self caused him to miss out on many a precious opportunity, made him hesitate when he should’ve pounced, made him weak.
Tony blows out a breath and rubs his forehead as if he's just remembering the headache pounding behind his temples.
Unhurried, Steve takes the NEMNP back out and deactivates it. Stark gasps for breath, sucks it in through
anymore, thanks a whole lot but no more if you don’t mind, and Steve complied. That’s what it was meant to be from the beginning – a favor. He did his due and that was that. They had more important things to focus on now.
Tony shoots swake with a gasp. His hand flies to his chest on instinct. He doesn't feel the edge of the arc reactor casing cut into his palm.
He's done it before, pretending to be alright doing mission after mission until he couldn't anymore. Until the walls came crumbling down around him and not even channelling his frustration into the destruction of gym gear late in the night could keep the
When Anthony detached himself and leaned back there was a knowing glint in his eye. Steven's lopsided smile belied that he had long since been convinced.
possible moment, he rolls and yanks on Steve's leg, successfully pulling the man on top. With him and the Iron Man suit between Steve and the ground -- well, there's no sugarcoating it. Chances of survival are still a one-digit percentage.
What’s he been thinking? He isn’t ready to go belly up in these mountains, isn’t ready to do the same in Red Rock either, for that matter. He needs redemption over salvation, still has– things to make up for, something, anything to do before– before they bury him face down and nobody’s ever going to look at his grave twice because he doesn’t have anyone left to care whether he lives or dies.
“Lord Anthony Stark of Mar’vill,” he greeted formally, unrolling a piece of parchment he’d retrieved from underneath his coat, “I deliver this message to you at the behest of His Grace, King Nicholas Fury. A portion of the Guard has returned to King’s Landing and given an account of the events of the last battle. The King has sent word that you and your Captain of Guard are to report to the throne as soon as your physical condition allows for it. His Highness will host you and a small party inside the castle and meet you promptly after your arrival. It is his intention to honor your service to the Kingdom and see to it that the losses Mar’vill has suffered are compensated.”
Except he couldn’t focus – and he didn’t hide it well, that much became evident when both Bucky and Natasha came to him on separate occasions and suggested that they, together, brief everyone on how the plan was going to be carried out one final time. Just until Stark was back on his feet and able to go through his part, of course.
When he’s done, Nebula’s share still lies untouched in front of her. She looks up when his confused stare becomes too piercing to ignore. After a few moments of silence in which Tony is left wondering, she pushes her piece of food in his general direction, expression unchanged. “Eat,” she says, in a tone that tolerates no dissent, and turns away.
Steve sucks in a trembling breath, free hand reaching out halfway like he wants to touch but doesn't think he's allowed.
Right. And Steve should get treated for his lacking self-worth? Tony snorts. God, he's fucked up. What is he even thinking?
Steve was quick to heed the demand. This was bound to be one of the best parts. His swollen tip nudged Tony's fucked-out entrance, and then he was gliding in, resistance made almost non-existent by the liquids sloshing inside him, and with one full, uninterrupted push, Steve was sheathed inside.
A miracle that'll make it all undone, maybe. With a start, he moves closer, his legs working on their own. Thor is already there, a few feet in distance between him and the three people kneeling around Tony -- Pepper, Rhodey, the kid -- and only when Steve finds himself next to the demi-god does he stop.
His eyes shrink to small slits, walk coming to an instant halt just as Steve rises from his crouched position. Steve is positive the file said his eyes were brown, not the artificial, glowing blue he's looking at presently. Stark appears uncharacteristically spooked for a man with his history, but Steve won’t lull himself into a false sense of security. There’s a reason he hasn’t been caught yet.
“And why is that?” he scoffs, one corner of his mouth crooked upward in mockery as he shoots Bucky a look. "From what I've seen, your friends in first don't give a rat's ass about you." His friend isn’t nearly as entertained; he merely urges Stark to continue with a pointed twitch of his chin. Steve figures there must be a decent twist to the whole story if he’s got Buck contemplating it already.
He's well within his fifth month when he starts showing. Showing as in, he can no longer rely on expertly tailored suits and other attire to mask the too obvious baby bump.
to rake himself to meet Steve halfway instead of lying back and playing pillow princess like the man obviously wanted him to.
. There's maybe fifteen years between them, give or take. He bites back the comment and nods tightly, returning to his horse while the men move to set off down the mountain.
He hurts with it in the long nights, in the rare moments there’s nothing to drown out the silence of his home and the noise in his mind. There comes the time he can’t bear it any longer: he slips into Steve’s old office and looks at his shield leaning there and rips open the letter he’s abandoned in the desk drawer. He can barely
And it's this, out of all things, that gets a genuine reaction out of the man. He jerks back like each word is a punch and each punch hits the same broken bone. An open fracture, bared to the world.
There's a second where Steve doesn't care. No matter how helpful he may have been in the past or may be in the future, for a moment, he doesn't care that Stark might be invaluable to them, doesn't care for reason or logic or self-control. He hears only the mockery in Stark's tone, one that is meant to camouflage the fear visible in his eyes, but mockery nonetheless.
Feeling clammy, he pushes the blanket off of himself, draping it over the armrest of the chair. Then, he pauses. Blanket. Which blanket?
“We did that. And then we had a kid, because surprise, being old and temporarily on the brink of death doesn't guarantee your body’s going to play nice and you’ll just conveniently go into menopause, Stark.”
She hastily turned and exited the armory, posting herself at the entrance to ensure nobody else was going to stumble upon the scene inside.
Tony's neglected dick twitches at the words. He can feel each and every part of him as Steve has his way with his body and it's
Steve just looks at him, hands still on his waist and pointedly not moving anywhere near his erection.
The memory is unimportant, but he thinks back to it now as he lies there in the snow, suddenly still. His foolish, first thought when they approached this place, when nothing mattered and nothing would be the worse or the better for it if he died. At the time, Tony didn’t think he’d ever find himself in this situation, but as is common with thoughts like these, they come back to make you regret ever having entertained them.
Tony arrives shortly thereafter, strolling over to the kitchen saying, "Okay, honey, what do you need me to–" until he realizes his daughter is not there and he's talking to himself. He whirls around, locking on Steve's figure sitting at the couch and then, after a moment, spots Maria next to him – his shoulders sag just the smallest bit as he lays eyes on her.
"Is it true?" he blurted nevertheless, unable to quench his curiosity despite promising himself he would not ask. "I– well, I am aware you and Captain Rogers are close, but–"
He doesn’t get to contemplate the thought for long. The wolf moves, and so does Butterfingers. There is a brief moment in which Tony is aware of her rearing, but the knowledge doesn’t help the fact that the world turns upside down and he goes flying shortly thereafter. The clopping of hooves all around suggests that his little caravan is splitting up and straying everywhere without any regard for the bone-chilling panic
Other than the occasional spike of sharp pleasure-pain from his prostate, the feeling of Steve inside almost comforting. His pace is sure and steady, his hands securing Tony in an iron grip, his groin radiating warmth where they’re joined and keep joining, over and over.
“I know what you really want, and that’s not some omega to hand around a few times until he turns all sloppy and glassy-eyed. No,” he drags in a breath and points at Steve, finger just shy of touching his chest, “
The pure affection now written in his every feature that Tony sometimes still struggles to acknowledge is meant for him.
They’re both going to need more. Tony breaks the kiss that wasn’t so much of a kiss as a messy exchange of saliva, and bats Steve's hand away from his cock to put it back on his waist along with the other one. Steve doesn’t need to be told twice.
And while the connection is there, and Tony is grateful for it in the good moments and admits he’d have given up the fight without it long ago in the bad moments, he doesn’t want Nebula getting attached to a dying man. It isn’t fair. But what is?
It's yet another in a long series of repercussions that Steve knows he may never be fully forgiven for. But since he's already brought this upon Tony, he can at least handle it right.
For a time, James feared he would abandon the battlefield without his oldest friend by his side, but the gods had decided to spare him. Through some miracle working of one medicine man turned wizard by the befitting name of Strange, Anthony had lost neither his life nor his arm that day.
The descent takes longer than the way up ever did. Tony frowns as he stores the pocket watch back inside his coat, and clicks his tongue to spur his horse back into a walk. Three hours already and he's still way off from the meeting spot. Yeah, well – he neither accounted for the fact that four mules are much damn harder to handle than a measly two nor that the masses of snow covering the trail are more difficult to negotiate now than back during their ride up.
(And then, depending on the time of day, Steve will use this breakthrough as an excuse to finally drag him into bed, or Tony might come down from his inventing high and realize he could do with some human contact right about now, which will have him crawling into bed next to Steve (stinky, at an ungodly hour) and be caught in a tangle of limbs immediately because the man gravitates toward him even in sleep.)
Time flies by, Tony muses, when you’re constantly scrambling not to lose your grip on the last thread that holds you–your sanity, your sense of self, your everything–together.
He finishes cooking quickly and sits down to eat (read: wolf down every bite without so much as chewing because he's positively starving). Steve's at his third serving when he first hears noises through the ceiling. It takes another two omelets until voices in the hallway announce another impending confrontation with his hosts – Steve glances at the kitchen, paranoid, like it might've all gone up in flames in the span of those five minutes he hasn't looked.
He traces it with the pads of his fingers, feeling along the nubs that are just slightly raised above the pitted skin and wonders if the torture Stark’s subjected himself to measures up to the one he’s lived. Who's to say? They might not be so different after all.
That sure is a strange thing to be asking when you fucked someone’s brains out less than an hour ago.
"That is of no importance. I have spoken to all the people I value most in life, and they agree that I would do well to choose you. Your aunt approves as well, although she deems it important I remind you that you're free to deny me – and you are, I hope you're aware."
and he's mostly made his peace with the fact that aging (read: slowing cell regeneration) is a trait of the human organism which he doesn't have the solution for yet – doesn't mean he's not working on it.
"Well, maybe consider other ways of conflict resolution before you go and punch someone next time you feel like defending my honor."
Of course, he neither stopped to invent technical marvels nor did he discontinue to utterly disregard societal norms. Soon after having put Ms. Virginia in charge of not only the castle’s but also most of his land’s finances, he agreed to integrate a very determined and very capable hired sword into the ranks of his household guard. (James openly gaped when he came to know her name.)
He takes one last look out onto the lake, the small waves lapping at the shore tirelessly and the bed of flowers carrying Tony's metaphorical heart over the water, and his tears finally spill.
Clean and sated, he goes back downstairs–not before admiring the many marks littering his body in the mirror–and decides to get started on those omelets anyway. (After he’s cleaned the kitchen, because while they might not be grossed out by each other’s bodily fluids, he’d still like a sperm-less breakfast.)
A shudder goes through him, his whole being trembling with it. Steve's nostrils flare as a renewed, fresher wave of Stark's arousal reaches him and he takes it in greedily despite himself. A wet squelch makes his gaze travel down the omega’s body, not quite able to keep it contained to his face anymore. Stark has no shame – he's reached down inside himself, moving in jerky motions to bring him some amount of alleviation. Steve can't see it from this angle, but he can imagine it, his hole weeping with slick as he plunges his fingers in, more spilling out around his rim as soon as he reaches deeper–
He did not bother to conceal his wonder; the unspoken language was quite remarkable. Everyone of importance was required to be taught in it, and Bruce did so with genuine delight. It was not after long that he began suggesting possible improvements of his own.
He shakes the thought. Tony’s made the decision to forgive him and if anything, he should respect his judgement and be thankful it turned out in his favor. God knows the man would’ve had every right not to take him back.
It is this moment, too, that the reality of the moment dawns on him: the rigid lines of Tony’s body, the way he has attempted to shuffle away as he spoke, how his voice is fire and ice but his eyes are wet. There’s no space for this kind of comfort between them anymore, because it's no comfort at all when Tony doesn’t want it, can’t even stand having him close.
"Now, I ask you: Would you consider it within your realm of ability to assume this duty, Lord Rhodes?"
Shit. Shitshitshitshit. What now? Did he miss an anniversary? No, JARVIS would've reminded him. Steve's birthday? His own birthday? No, Central Park is orange, their birthdays aren't in fall–
“Most of all, I love feeling you and being with you like this,” Steve mumbles against his skin as he presses open-mouthed kisses there, the words almost drowned out by the wet sounds their bodies produce. “Because you glow when you let yourself go, and every inch of you is just–gorgeous, it’s real and it’s you and I wouldn’t want it any other way.”
It seems to come back to him in a flash. Steve could swear he sees it, how something stirs in the dark pools of his eyes and documents the awakening of the memories in his mind, sudden like lightning that strikes and leaves behind only charred earth. And burnt bridges.
"I'm sorry," he says, unsure for what he is apologizing. The torture, the betrayal or the refusal to give Tony the dignity of his choice? Can he be truly sorry, when he did what he did with the knowledge that he'd cause this?
“Fuck,” he breathes, because an attempt to articulate the wildly spinning clusterfuck of thoughts in his head would be an exercise in futility. “Remind me to tell you how much I love you more,” Tony adds, in-between his still heaving breath. His reflection looks like he’s gone five rounds minimum, which just goes to show how blessed he is to have Steve (and his stamina).
Rogers has just bid him a goodnight and disappeared upstairs, and that last tendon of restraint in Tony snaps.
To think that Tony has to relive this experience again and again when he's already suffered through it more times than anyone deserves (once) makes Steve sick to the stomach in a very real way. The urge to throw up is there, although he always manages to stifle it just so.
ravages Tony again. Somewhere far away Tony notices him rummaging through the nightstand at their left, but it's all drowned out by the urgency of Steve's declaration and the memory of his gaze boring into Tony's, almost in pleading as though his understanding of Steve's feelings is somehow paramount to the other man's very survival.
Back then, Steve was too weak-willed to finish the mission. Today? Today, he’d see to it that the man wouldn’t get the chance to speak a word. Even if it were to happen, Steve wouldn’t be bothered anymore.
He drops his hands back into his lap and lifts his head to glance at Steve, whose pinched features are lined with worry and a looming apprehension that sucks the oxygen out of the room. Tony can't bear to look at him for the next part, so he keeps his eyes fixed to his hands, watching as they undo the stitches of a thread on the inseam of his sweatpants.
So it came that, only a year later, the young man had turned into an often-seen and well-liked face inside the castle’s gates. He frequented the Iron Castle daily and felt at home within its walls, familiar with every stone and every person it inhabited.
Tony fills both glasses with juice and hands one to Steve. Then he seems to think of something, because his face lights up with realization and he makes a beeline for the freezer, putting his own glass down on the table. He pulls out three differently colored popsicles in plastic wrapping and points to the door.
"There's something I didn't... tell you. I had bruises. I thought maybe they weren’t from that night, maybe it wasn't what I thought it was, so I just…"
he threatened to disown that day. Howard died an early death and left his legacy for Tony to do with as he pleased, and here he is, drowning his sorrows after everything crashed and burned in his wake. This, here? It's a small price to pay for revenge. Revenge on a dead man, but revenge nevertheless. Or that's what Tony tells himself, anyway.
Well, then. That was good to know, except the person whose opinion he cared for most still hadn't answered. But as was to be expected, when Steve regarded Tony, the man was smirking at him in a way that was not to be mistaken for anything but approval. He looked downright eager, even.
Rogers has put up a makeshift tent, a large cloth that is strung up on the trees above and the main purpose of which seems to be giving the impression of shelter rather than actually providing some. Tony can think of a few ways to improve it, but he doesn't take action. It wouldn’t matter anyway anyway, because the temperatures don't allow for sleep to come, tent and fire or no.
James agreed, thanked him and cradled his friend in his arms as close as he was able to, bulky armor and all.
Tony wakes to an empty bed, a blue sky behind the city skyline and aches in places that have his morning wood twitch when he thinks about how they came to be.
As per Steve's request, he looks at the reflection in the mirror. Steve has his chin propped up on the crown of his head and smiles meaningfully at him.
His eyes are more expressive for the liquid swimming in them. The artist in Steve thinks it’s lovely, how the colorful city lights reflect off of this manifestation of his suffering; so much so his fingers itch with the long-lost urge for a paintbrush.
“I love you,” Tony says through a sigh of defeat, his voice no more than a whisper but so entirely earnest Steve’s heart clenches.
His voice has dropped a few octaves, and Tony has to swallow. His own cock is at half-mast, standing against his thigh untouched.
The look Bucky shoots him is especially sceptical, and everyone argues over whether or not it's a good idea to let him go alone (it probably isn't) but in the end, Steve puts his foot down. He's going to get it over with, one way or another.
Tony makes another attempt at opening his eyes, and is met with success this time around. His vision is still somewhat blurred, the outlines of objects in it foggy and blending into one another, but he can identify his surroundings now. The soft glow emanating from the fire crackling in front of him drenches the room in orange shadows. Tony knows that sight and has drifted off to sleep in the cabin many times prior to the sound of it. Only now, he finds himself closer to the fire on the floor, above multiple layers of blankets.
When Tony steps out of the shower, the mirror in the en-suite has fogged up with steam, its surface covered in a layer of white.
It appeared he’d been unsuccessful in this endeavor, since a few moments later, Lord Stark inquired what it was he was doing there. The young man could only stutter at being addressed so suddenly and called out for his behavior – until the Lord smiled and pointed at Peter’s workstation, “That is quite the interesting contraption. Who thought to make it?”
They could’ve been good. Together. Tony wheezes out a breath that might’ve been a sob if he had the energy for it. He fears every single one to be his last. They had the potential to be something great but were somehow destined to fail, pawns in this cruel game the universe plays. Some things would always be too good to be true.
Steve curls around the man pressed to his front tighter to keep the warmth from escaping best as possible, one arm over his stomach and the other serving as a pillow for his head, his hand brushing away the dark, sweat-soaked curls from his forehead. His features have relaxed as he’s slipped into a sudden sleep; there’s nothing left to indicate the sharp tongue and all that fierce wit hidden underneath.
Thinking is a waste of his energy reserves, but he could never help it, and he can't now. It’s the one thing he’s always excelled at, his mind always his one last resort. Ironic, isn’t it, how the very quality that turned him into Iron Man is now wasting away with every minute that passes and every breath he takes.
On one particular day, Siree Danvers made her way into the armory when the sun already stood low on the horizon.
Now, with them having (to some degree) moved on from their primal roots, Tony gives mother nature the one-finger salute, buys a weighted blanket and takes his knotting dildo to bed. Because asking for sex isn't hard, but asking for someone to cuddle up behind him and put an arm around his swollen belly afterwards is the one thing Tony Stark is too much of a coward to do.
Most nights, Rogers eyes him disapprovingly over the flames of the campfire, fair skin glowing orange in its light, and doesn't comment on Tony's drinking habit. One time, Tony offers his flask, the action a simple act of provocation which means he’s expecting to be told off at best. Rogers takes it from his hand instead, their fingers touching briefly, and takes a generous gulp before handing it back.
More forcefully this time, he repeats the movement. The side of Stark’s face scrapes over the concrete below, and the sound forced out of his lungs might be one of both pleasure and pain. Steve’s pace doesn’t falter and doesn’t slow.
Something in his voice has shifted, his attention turned inward, contemplating. Tony can't place it, the sudden change in the atmosphere, but it has him shoving all his
Tony has never been in the habit of looking over his shoulder–paired with ignorance, that is what landed him in Afghanistan after all–and he would've never called himself paranoid. Overly invested in security, plagued by nightmares about an obscure threat from space and somewhat obsessed with keeping an eye on everything that happens everywhere? Yes. Paranoid, no.
Then, in a placating tone of voice that seems to be his attempt at softening the blow, he says, "With all due respect, mister, but I think you might not be quite cut out for that sorta work. The weather can get pretty nasty, and with the terrain up there, it ain't exactly what you'd call hazard-free."
