"It's back, fuck."  Dean closes his eyes.  "Even if we got all the demons this time, no way they're the only ones that heard about it."
"It's just a story," Andy whispers, knuckles yellow-white around the edge of the mattress, and God, he barely looks older than Jeremy, how old is he anyway?  Another thing about Andy he doesn't know, like he doesn't know about Andy's family, if he has any, if something happened to them, if that's why he came to Chitaqua, if that's why he stayed.  Christ, Andy's dying for him and he doesn't even know his fucking last name.
Vera twists around from her lean against Amanda's legs to glare up at him, but it's not as if it's untrue.
Cas is sprawled on his back in the boneless contentment of the unmistakable weed variety, head resting on a painfully multi-neon pillow of obviously psychedelic origin and bare feet resting on the couch, and currently riveted by the antics of the smoke winding from his joint like it's a revelation in progress.
"There's something very unsettling about having a standing order regarding sex in the mess during meals," he says.  "Exhibitionism is to be lauded, and creativity encouraged, but not with silverware and never with meatloaf."
"…the ground," Dean decides after a moment of thought.  "Or--"
Hearing the words out loud, though, may just be the answer.  "Dean--"
Constanza and Zena aren't exactly the helpless type.  "Did José ever get the Camaro running?"
--are standing right in front of me," he says impatiently.  "Is it a human peculiarity, that you miss this so often?  You're a thousand people, Alicia, and you have been and may be a thousand more, but they're all still
"Suicide by ex-angel sounds like a good idea right now," he retorts.  "At this moment, I'm skeptical you are capable of having a good idea, and I mean that in the most sympathetic way possible."
the subject?"
Abruptly, the bed seems to drop from beneath them, but before he can fall, that earlier sense of pressure returns with interest, pinning him to a mattress that feels like solid stone beneath blankets as heavy as lead.  Even the air seems to be getting thicker, heavier, coating him in a warm cocoon that smells like fresh earth.
As Joseph finishes, the round of applause and laughter almost drowns out Vera's exclaimed, "Oh you are so fucking lying--!"  Dean's head drops against his shoulder, shaking to control his own laughter before straightening and taking a bracing drink.
"Then it's just to you.  Obviously."
He wants to say no, but one glance at the doorknob tells him keeping him here won't help.  And fuck everything, he's right about the timing.  "Right," he says, swallowing hard at Cas's obvious relief.  "Later, okay?"
It belatedly occurs to Dean that he's seen Mel, Kat, and Jane, three people who as far as he knows weren't here but in Chitaqua.  Turning around, he takes in the actually pretty damn crowded lobby: Mel, leaning back against David's shoulder, Liz and Dan beside her, all grinning at him; Lee stoically ready for action with Brian and Evan, a still-smiling Jane joining them again; Sarah, expressionlessly ready for action with Drew and Phil (Kat--yeah, still occupied over there); Damiel smiling like a lot and Frank, Penn, and Zoe, and the rest of....Chitaqua.  Yeah, and there's Leah and Mark, okay.  Chitaqua's here.
"Like watching paint dry," Dean agrees, mouth starting to twitch suspiciously.
"Thank you."  He peers down at her notes again; he may be able to use them for more exact calculations later.  With any luck, Jeffrey's bullets were an experiment. As Jeffrey was already gone before it became disabling, whoever designed it may assume it didn't work.  He isn't that lucky, of course; this will happen again, at the worst possible time, and without a doubt will involve half a dozen bullets and all in difficult to reach places requiring extensive digging about.
"Wait," she says, taking an abortive step toward him.  "Look--maybe talk to Cas first, see what--"
"True," Castiel agrees.  "The next time the patrol goes out, you can go with them."
, I would have been there!"
"Yeah, please."  Dean makes a visible effort to return to the subject at hand.  "So, supply runs for now, see what we can get from what's left in the cities and go from there.  Wait, anyone but us playing salvage yard for supplies?"
"There's no way you can know that," Cas says with utter and complete truthfulness, but you know what, Dean's gonna go with his gut, just like his goddamn predecessor didn't manage to do.
Warily, Cas turns to face him, cross-legged and thoughtful.  "So that was all of Ichabod's current leadership?"
"Lifetime Channel?" She nods wisely.  "That shit fucks you up.  Like one minute you're fine, and two hours later, you're crying over the phone because you forgot you don't have a long lost sister to reunite with and heal the twenty-year breach in the family in time for Christmas."
"Let Nissa assist you to you room," Cornelia says, straightening.  She and Cornelia exchange a look before Nissa gets to her feet and crouches to help her up, by which he means pretends she's not picking her up like a goddamn doll.  "I'll be with you shortly."
"Kat wants to see her, I suppose regarding Andy," he says, and Alicia's lips part before she looks away. "Alicia?"
He doesn't have time to interpret that as the pressure returns, increasing incrementally with every moment that passes, testing.  Dean's lack of response making it bolder, creeping closer to his consciousness
Shoving his hands in his pockets, Dean gives him a querying look. "Wanna fill me in?"
"How did Dean handle it?"
"Then you know you're not doing it alone." He extends a hand, and Alicia hesitates, looking up at him.  "Not weak," he says quietly, and she puts her hand in his, calluses rough against his palm as he pulls her up.  "Let's go."
Dean cocks head, looking unexpectedly curious.  "You think you could?  Like, take over Hell and rule it and everything?"
"--he's gotta come to heel," Dean finishes for him, smiling at him.  "And you did it just because you could."
"Yeah, I did," he agrees. "So--I'm sorry."
At the sudden flurry of restrained commotion, Dean turns his head, fighting back a smile as Cas steadies himself on the wide walkway.  Looking around with a vaguely surprised expression, like he's still working out what part of his history of the world's fortresses this part came from, he makes his way past the scattered members of the watch and patrol sublimely unaware of the attention he gets as Guy Who Creates Walls From Scrap (And Destroys Buildings to Make the Scrap in Question), waves of whispers preceding him like a rock dropped in a still lake.  From the corner of his eye, he sees Manuel bite his lip against a grin, a pleasant reminder that Manuel was raised by a witch who could move the earth (literally), along with having one as his sister.  Fallen angels probably don't register too high on the weirdo-meter after that kind of childhood.
"Sam?" he says uncertainly, getting to his feet and barely catching himself on the mattress at the sickening tilt of the room that makes his stomach churn unpleasantly, ankle throbbing with every beat of his heart.  As soon as he can see past the black spots dancing in his vision, he starts toward where he thinks the other bed should be, but the faint light coming from around the motel room door gets his attention, and he feels like an idiot.  Sam probably went for a soda or something, right.
"And not a one of them know who he really is," Crowley says softly, and Castiel just controls the flinch.  "World he doesn't know, war he's being forced to fight, people who think he's someone else--not to mention what will happen the first time he sees Lucifer riding his brother; that reunion will be something to see.  Right before Lucifer kills him.  Second verse, same as the first: Castiel walks away and Dean Winchester dies, tell me if you've heard this one before."
"Alison just watched some of her people slaughtered by Croats on the ward line," Dean tells her conversationally, grabbing the one visitor's chair in the room and pulling it to the bed and holstering his gun.  "Just so some Hellhounds--minus a member--could get inside Ichabod.  You wanna do this with Manuel, he's waiting outside, but I'm telling you now, one of those volunteers was a friend of his and he watched while they were ripped apart.  Ichabod's open to all, but the penalty for breaking the rules is exile, and it's carried out immediately."
"I do.  Very good," he says approvingly to Victoria.  "Lee, James, and Damiel are to be kept off the duty roster until hopefully morning, so fit them in there as you will.  Haruhi, I need you to find Amanda and ask her to come here; we'll be hosting Carol today, and I need to discover what it will cost me for her to act as escort for Carol and Kat without worrying about revenge at some unspecified time."
a clairvoyant?"
Apocalypses, he reflects thoughtfully, really changes your standards for optimism.  Sure, they have no idea how to deal with it when it becomes (potentially) lethal and oh God, what then, but it's a really nice thought that the world might survive long enough to worry about it.
.  "I'm out of practice, Master.  The rack doesn't offer much challenge."  Overseeing the rack is grueling, miserable work, and more than once, she's envied her victims.  Their pain is always a surprise to them in endless variety (they certainly carry on like she's a master sadist beyond compare, which shows how limited their experiences really are); her pain is constant, mundane, and never, ever changes, not once since she rose and Castiel left her as meat for the Pit.
"You have a very nice room at Alison's with central heat," Cas observes, turning to a nearby table and opening a box with a precise rip of the tape.  "People do tend to value least what they have no need of themselves."
Dean extends it without hesitation, and the lack of argument is possibly the most terrifying thing that has happened tonight.  Wrapping his fingers around the fragile wrist, he notes the slightly too rapid pulse before placing Dean's hand palm-up on his knee, gently spreading the reddened fingers to check for further damage.  Dean winces at the touch against the broken blisters trailing down his index finger but not when Castiel brushes a thumb against the worst of the abrasions at the heel, where the flesh is almost entirely worn away.  No wonder he couldn't sleep tonight.
"Why not?" Alison asks, enjoying herself just as much as Dean is. "Not like anything important is happening today."
is watching him.  Pride may go before the fall, but it can also be the only thing that keeps you on your feet.
"So," Dean says, smiling brightly.  "What's going on with you?"
"She learned from Cas, and he says she can do it.  I can assign a team to Kamal here temporarily to help her out and still keep up our part of the agreement," he continues.  "That means we can guarantee help to you and the rest of the trade alliance, no six to twelve hour wait depending on where the patrol is."  And if it's something that needs more people, Amanda and the team will be able to help them hold out until he can send more people from Chitaqua.  "Good so far?"
From his crouch on the floor, Castiel slowly turns to look at the bullets buried in the wall, rage thundering through him without end, filling his ears, and thinks: if you want a monster, you'll get one.
.  "Other than the most unique wall-hanging in all of Time, I assume."  Dean twists his fingers in his hair.  "You want to use its Grace.  It'll obey you now, of course, but yes, it can transfer it to you if that's what you were wondering.  Through me, of course."
It's almost like a before and after, maybe an exploration and interest brought to a sudden halt.  Because no one sane--even Cas--would think a grown man in a N'Sync t-shirt blends with anything, anywhere, ever.
"Morning, Dean!" echoes around him. Natalie glances up with a smile from where she and Tara are sorting ammunition by type (maybe), and Jeremy waves in passing while carrying four duffle bags with Brad following with three more. Dean hopes those aren't more weapons knowing it's futile.
"Could be worse," she adds more lightly.  "You could dream the tragedy that is the future and know your job is to stop it from happening on top of that.  While not even remembering it."
He starts to ask why before something hard and bitter is melting on his tongue and a glass presses insistently against his lips.  It's swallow or choke to death, and it's kind of obvious which choice he's gonna make here.  Falling back on the bed, he stares up at the ceiling, still trying to organize his thoughts into something that makes sense--and maybe work out how to use words while he's at it--when he hears Cas say, "…didn't think to bring my entire supply, and it might be some time until they bring the rest, so this will have to do.  Though honestly, I don't recommend intravenous amphetamines unless combat is imminent."
"The people coming here," Alicia answers politely, like she's trying not to say out loud that she's wondering if Dean's suffering from some specific very recent dementia.  Before his eyes, her messy ponytail loses another strand of hair to curl against her cheek, and wrinkling her nose, she blinks at it cross-eyed before shoving it back behind her ear.
"You blackmailed him."
"I got that feeling," Tony says wisely.  "I'm making a list of what we'll need for the permanent gates, though God knows where we'll get industrial diamonds."
"--and I don't really count dead languages," he adds as he pushes back a strand of newly-cut black hair and smirks at Dean's expression.  "There's a reason Cas trusts my translations and doesn't check my work."
"You didn't know?"
"Mark the time."  As she pulls the pen out and flips open the folder, he tries to concentrate enough to examine the sensation, comparing it to when he used his full range of vision in the city and if this using similar pathways.  Interesting, what the human nervous system is capable of interpreting from his true form; truly, the human body is a marvel of flexibility and versatility and rises to challenges with exceptional results.  Why exposure to demon blood via an open wound is agonizingly painful beyond anything he's experienced in this form is a mystery: vector, how the wound was created in his true form for the blood to then affect, or perhaps it wounds on contact, how fascinating that will be to consider in a few minutes; right now, all he wants is for it to stop.
"I expected as much."  Pulling up a knee, Cas shrugs like this is common knowledge or something: Dean falls asleep during sex, nothing to worry about, happens all the time.  Which--has this happened before?  Has he been missing sex all this time because he's
He thinks he's seeing things at first, a thin ribbon of orange that vanishes into the churning grey, but there's another one, then another.  They grow wider, like someone dumped orange dye in the water in long stripes.  Paddling more frantically, the Misborn yelp in surprise when one of those ribbons brushes against them, trying to get away, but there are too many of them.  More yelps, their padding becoming flailing as puffs of something grey-black fall into the water.  It takes a moment for him to work out what's going on, but as they twist around, he sees one long orange water-ribbon brush along its back and opens it to bare, charred bone.
"I feel like I'm being tested," Dean says, because this is his life, and Teresa smiles, not denying it.  "So--if you drop under thirteen for some reason, and it falls, you can't raise it--" No, that's not right. "You lose all the generations of power.  You'd be back to basics, when you get thirteen again and raise it, I mean.  You'd lose all the generational build-up."
Turning his head, Cas gives him a drowsy smile, and Dean's mind catches up almost enough to remember he could, actually, look away; what he's not clear on is why.
: a metaphor for
forget anything," he corrects Dean.  "I remember everything that's ever happened to me since I Fell, and nothing--and take this as a given, I do mean
"And they're still coming," Manuel reminds her in gloomy satisfaction.  "Especially locals. I'm guessing those mayors you and Claudia talked to earlier sent word back home to come on by for dinner and beer.  They're BYOB at least--bring your own beer," he explains with a grin at Castiel's mystified expression. "And food, of course."
He doesn't wait for a response; leaning forward, he takes the head of Dean's cock in his mouth, and Dean makes an inarticulate sound, left hand knotting in his hair, but his hips are perfectly still.  He fights the urge to take all of him at once--such things aren't to be rushed no matter how tempting--running his tongue behind the head while sliding his thumb down Dean's inner thigh and stroking wet fingers over the thin skin behind his balls before circling lazily around his tightly furled hole.
"No one will confirm or deny it, obviously, and I haven't talked to Alicia, but...yeah, I'm pretty sure that's what she was talking about.  And from the way Dolores reacted when I implied I might want to ask, I'm going to guess it was kids.  For obvious reasons, that area is under guard, back stairs, go in and out fully suited, and no one--and I do mean no one--knows who does it other than Dolores, who approves them."  She shifts uncomfortably.  "Cas, it's not a popular job, and I'm going to tell you now, from what I heard around here, I'm not sure anyone living in Ichabod was in any condition to take care of it after the attack."
"I suspended class so they could help out with the influx," Amanda says, and Kamal nods.
unspoken but really goddamn obvious.  "And by the way, how
"Generally, strong psychics who both manage to survive and lack a desire to acquire power tend to prefer being somewhere that lacks people, like the peaks of very inaccessible mountains or the center of very vast deserts.  Sometimes remote islands, provided they can find a boat or swim very well.  Missouri and Pamela were both exceptions for many reasons.  Which reminds me," he adds. "I should see if Missouri's house is still in a state to be examined.  That would help a great deal."
"When we came for him, we exterminated fifty million to breach the walls of his capital city; ten million more died to keep us from his fortress, and when we entered its walls, infants and children were thrown on our swords by their own parents to keep us from his chambers.  Living human bodies were twisted into anti-angel sigils and warded to keep us at bay, still able to speak enough to banish us almost as quickly as we could manifest; we had to burn them alive with holy fire. The Host walked in blood knee-deep and for all we killed, more came to take their places before the last were even fully dead.  One hundred million enslaved minds were joined into a net to protect his, and we had to burn them all out one by one to finally reach his.  When he realized he couldn't win, he captured the minds of every living being in the world he could grasp and began to destroy them, leaving living, breathing husks without consciousness to slowly die where they fell."
"Even covering the windows isn't going to help much longer," she says, almost to herself.  "Okay, take off your boots now, or unlace them, whatever.  Before we start: when we're done and Cas is going back down, strip down as much as you're comfortable with, and get in bed with him."
"It wasn't arousing," he answers steadily.  "I didn't do it for pleasure, and while the method used was new, the act wasn't.  Do you think in all my existence, I've never been required to interrogate a demon?"
"There were some, of course; she had no objection to her worshippers marrying or bearing offspring, but they were a very small cult.  In that much, a portion of the current population would qualify, but there's also this; this woman
"More importantly, why am I doing it at all?  It was useful, but only if I was careful, if I was subtle, because any legitimate casino would have blacklisted us immediately if I wasn't, drawing attention neither Dean nor I could afford.  Street craps is often played with filed dice, so I had to be careful to confine my activities to reputable floating craps games in some truly questionable basements and backrooms.  However, when I had Grace, neither of those were applicable.  When I had Grace, why did Dean teach me craps so I could manipulate the games well enough to keep us in ammunition, execrable diner food, and remodel Bobby's kitchen?"
"It's over," Cas says. "We failed."
"Good." Licking his hand again, Dean begins to stroke, pressure perfect, testing rhythm and speed.  "Like I was saying, you show me."  He smiles when Castiel gasps.  "Show me exactly what I want.  And why…" He leans down, and Castiel watches his pink tongue lick the head of his cock clean in a white noise of hot pleasure.  "Why I should want it."
"If I were to make a comparison," he answers, "I would wonder if the kitchen was covered with broken dishes because someone had a terrible day."
"Yeah, that's what I thought."  One foot nudges his.  "Drunk we can't do in this weather, but high we can.  Light 'em up."
It only hits Dean that there aren't any ladders when Cas slides off the post, dangling briefly from one hand, before dropping to the ground so smoothly he doesn't even realize it's over until Cas straightens from a crouch, blue eyes finding Dean before he goes still, smile vanishing.
"You don't have any rights," Dean interrupts softly, very pleasantly indeed.  "None.  Except what I give you."
"You told me why."
Castiel jerks his gaze to Dean before he can stop himself. "What?"
.  Bed hopping with an entire connection speech is a-okay, but getting it on with a dozen people is like,
"Mark, Kamal and his regular team, and our recruits left about a quarter hour ago.  Jeremy is accompanying Joelle and meet with her mother once we get there; Joe is attending with Mariamne; Mel, David, and Vera weren't entirely clear on their reasons, but then again, I also didn't ask."
, hell, yes:
"The infected zones are a buffet for things I didn't even know existed before we started fighting them." She licks her lips nervously.  "You're a hunter; it wasn't always like this and there were just so many of you that no one noticed?"
The flood of adrenaline slammed into him like a meteorite into living earth, setting off a chain reaction across his brain and changed the too-sharp boundaries of the body he wore.  Vision sharpened, time slowed, and he had all the time in the universe to watch them approach and choose his target.  Years of conditioning took over, Amy's grueling reflex training brought into immediate practice augmented by his retained speed, and three Croats were dead before he could think enough to wonder what was happening before two attacked at once and his focus narrowed to them and nothing else.
"The impossible," she says.  "And where I stand, here on the Shores, is where it shall begin."
Dean starts to laugh; he only wishes he'd thought of that.  "Not even a little.  Which one did you borrow?"
"How you spoke of that scroll, for one. For another, you mentioned summoning and recognized the signs; that is impossible in Rome proper and nearly so in most of the provinces under our rule.  Few if any who practice would even think of trying and so wouldn't know what to look for.  You were your mother's apprentice, I assume?  If you had the Sight, she would have started you early.  She must have taught you of that."
"Gotta know, what is a 'successful cohabitation'?"
"Anyway, the dream thing has happened a few more times since we got here," she continues after a brief silence.  "No details, of course, but knowing I had to do something to prevent--whatever it was I dreamed from coming true." She gives him a wry look.  "Nothing quite as motivating as trying to prevent dreams you know you don’t want to remember from happening to make you pay attention to everything."
His nights, however, are where he makes amends for what he can't do awake, punishing himself in endless, terror soaked nightmares that he can't remember in more than unformed impressions of revulsion and sickened pleasure taken in inflicting pain and his own endless horror. Private consultation with Amanda, who like Dean was raised to be a hunter from childhood, confirmed his own belief that if Dean's own mind, inured to horrors beyond anything most humans, even hunters, ever have to bear, felt it necessary to block it out, it was possible it had good reason to do it.
(under Cas), who then couldn't wake him up so dressed him for bed (he was
"And being geeks," Dean points out.  "Dude, just own it already."  He needs to talk to Rob about introducing Cas to their D&D nights, come to think; he remembers Sam mentioning he got into that hardcore at Stanford, and God knows Cas needs a few (non-sex, non-drug, non-alcoholic) hobbies.
"Thank Cas for that; I just look at it and feel really smug," Alison answers, eyes traveling around what is, he admits, a fucking
"And my work here is done."  Castiel lifts one shoulder in the impression of a shrug, like he can't bother himself to even make the effort to do it right.  Dean didn't realize he started toward him until he's close enough to see Castiel's face, a blur-edged oval with skin bleached of all color in brutal contrast to smudges like bruises beneath shadowed eyes.  Feeling like he's walking on glass, he crosses to the couch and eases into a crouch, frowning when Castiel looks away before he can get a good look at him.
Sappho searches Sempronia's face.  "You're--you're not afraid?"
"I think so, too," Lia agrees, coming up on his other side.  He blinks, distracted by how different she looks now, even if the face she wears hasn't changed at all.  "Question is, why here and now?"
?) got them off the floor and put them on his feet after round two (and again after round three).  He's getting this relationship thing
"And he already had a gun to your head before he even asked the question."
Because that's what I promised and I'm keeping my word, you dick, Dean almost says; he doesn't.  "Why do you want me to come back here every night?"
Seated to her left is a middle aged woman, dark brown hair set in a softer series of rolls and face more square, but the dark lashed brown eyes marks her as the woman's daughter, and so does the impassive expression.  To the right are two younger women, a thirtysomething brunette, darkly pretty, and a delicate twenty-something blonde, spectacularly beautiful despite red-rimmed blue eyes sunk in bruised shadows as she clutches a baby against her chest.
"What?" Chuck answers defensively before he slumps again.  "I don't believe it.  How can he be dead?"
Brownies have existed on earth for so long and bred so consistently in their corporeal form here that they generally seem to straddle the vague line between the supernatural and terrestrial, and it's guesswork at best to decide on which side they might fall.  English and Scottish folklore might hold them to be useful in household chores, but Castiel has yet to meet one in the Americas that is other than annoying, entitled, or vaguely feral (an unforeseen danger of importing your mystical helpers when invading foreign continents, he supposes), and often all three.
"No, I heard you yell for me and it stopped."
"It's just after seven Chitaqua time," she says, crossing her legs and settling in her seat.  "Sarah's team went to get the body and we did a clean burn at dusk after I checked it over.  He wasn't carrying ID, no surprise, but Chuck got a picture of him, in case…." She trails off, mouth tight.  "If we get that trade agreement, maybe we can get the word out, find out who he was, if he had family."
That--isn't the question he expected. "Why do you?"
"It's not working," Bushmaster says flatly, cutting through the room, and Dean hears a lot of questionable shit behind each word.  This is bullshit; he doesn't have time for this.  "You said--"
"No one should go alone anywhere, and Ichabod will be passing that to the united patrol," he continues.  "If for no other reason, two or more of you dropping dead for no reason is more noticeable and suspicious than just one.  Though as I said, it shouldn't kill you on sight, this is merely a precaution."
He pauses, fork halfway to his mouth.
Cornelia frowns faintly before inclining her head. "I ask forgiveness.  My temper grows short and will only grow more so."
"Maybe you had to be present at Sodom's destruction to appreciate it."
Kat put a gun to the head of a seventeen year old girl with the intention of using it if she wasn't obeyed; that everyone obeyed her means that they had no doubt of her intentions.
"They're in a shitty sitch, in a town of strangers, and they're gonna get conflicting information no matter how much Claudia and the other volunteers work to make sure they hear what actually happened.  The rumors aren't the problem, that's standard anywhere, ever, and that one's a natural; it's the consistency and speed that are the problem."
"Not you."  Yeah, he's
"I noticed," he adds, glancing at the doorway again with a faintly hostile expression which Castiel has yet to decipher.  "But the bedroom?  Has an actual door."
Huh.  "So they see--you? Literally?"
She searches his face.  "I don't remember what I was.  I want to see what it is that I forgot."
Only Teresa could manage
"That would explain it."
Dean ignores the implication of an extended olive branch, but he thinks that if he was a better person, a much better person, he'd appreciate the thought.
"No fucking
.  Not
"I don't…." She trails off.  "In the church, you asked me if I could hear it.  What do you hear?"
"Right."  He's pretty sure that sounded normal. He's crazy, after all.
"Life isn't a job; it's life," he says, searching for the right words.  "Living here isn't a job; I'm not going to be walking away when it's done--I mean literally, even if tomorrow we won the Apocalypse, I'd still be here, just with less to do.  He treated this like a job, because that's all it was to him; that's why he went to Kansas City, why he took his team leaders and you; his life was the job, and you were just how he was going to get it done.  Five extra guns, and once they ran out of bullets, they were--" He bites down on his tongue, but it's way too late.
Way too soon, Cas eases back, though why, no idea.  "Truly, I do apologize for any distress I may have caused you.  I'll make it up to you."
"You shouldn't make him," he says.  "I have work to do."  After a moment, he makes himself add, "If--for some reason…if it would help, I'll explain my actions to whoever you feel--"
Dean reminds himself firmly this is his camp and being sick, this is the only way to get to know his people. "Anything new?"
"What the
"What do you think you're doing?" Lucifer asks softly, brown eyes boring into his.  "You can't fight me.  You don't even know where to start."
"Good to know.  Next time, how about using it?" Dean asks.  "We're gonna talk about stabbing the asshole
Castiel nods slowly, tipping his head back to gaze blindly at the ceiling.  "I should have anticipated that.  He wouldn't be able to resist gloating over the body."
"Stoned people are only awesome when you're one of them," he says, almost stumbling when Cas tries an experimental pull.  "Gonna get some sleep.  I'll see you in the morning."
"Yes, sir," Kyle answers, unprompted, and looks vaguely horrified by the honorific.  "Is there anything else?"
Dean nods, but there's obviously something else on his mind.
Dean almost asks for elaboration and then realizes, actually, he just doesn't want to know, ever.  "So she--doesn't like people in there?"
"Watch what?"
"If it did, you'd be the first to know," Dean assures him, but despite the easy grin, Castiel doesn't think he's forgotten the original subject.
"Caesar came from a long-lived patrician family, and his mind only sharpened with age.  As to be expected: he was descended from the gods and they do love their own."
"You think there are
Despite himself, Dean bursts into laughter.
"Practitioner nurse. She doesn't practice in the camp, however," Cas answers absently.  He braces himself for Cas to start back on the brownie thing--which to be fair, Dean can kind of see his point of view--but instead he pushes off the chair, dropping bonelessly into a crouch to check Dean's foot briefly before looking up, blue eyes thoughtful.  "So how was your day?"
He remembers Nate's memory of how many died and how many still came after him.  "He had all of time in that pocket, so he used it.  There's no method by which to calculate the number of offspring per period of gestation, much less how many...what is he thinking,
"Slide."  And he almost thought this couldn't get weirder: why does he keep doing that?  "To where?"
Amanda jogs up beside him as he reaches the center point of Second Street, handing him a canteen of water and a clean cloth after a single amused smirk.  Sighing, he wipes the small spray of blood from his face--he's out of practice dodging adequately, apparently--before handing her back the canteen and tucking the infected cloth into an interior pocket of his jacket.  Croatoan blood remains infectious for some time, and they generally deal with the problem with the application of salt and fire.
"Dean asked me during the noon break the day before," Castiel continues.  "Several people were listening, and I assumed by the time everyone returned, they'd all know.  I couldn't take the risk that the wrong one would volunteer first and require me to refuse.  Dean would want to know why."
Dean hesitates, licking his lips uncertainly.  "And what about the people stuck in there with the demons?"
"Abuse of power is a time-honored tradition."
, just in case you need it.
Sitting up, Dean tries to clear his head enough to follow what's going on.  Alison's spare room, yeah, Cas putting him to bed like a cranky three year old because, holy shit, he was
"I was thinking after hours, under the cover of darkness--Costco, for example," Cas says reasonably. "Or the other one--Sam's.  They sell in bulk."
"How.  Long?" Castiel asks flatly, watching Dean's face.  "Since yesterday, the Croat attack?"
Dean hesitates.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Yeah, which is why I asked around," he says, scraping up the last of the potato salad and searching his empty plate discontentedly as if for a miraculous return of all the food.  "It's not gossip if I do it.  It's called keeping up with the news.  Like a history book that talks and knows you control their lives."
"Rome
"How many?" Dean murmurs, and Mel and Christina, Sean and Sarah, Vera and Amanda surround the chair.  "It wasn't twenty-one, was it?  You knew it was more."
"I'll keep that in mind."
Dean jerks his gaze from the road.  "How the
this goddamn building.  Turning around, he eyes the place the door was without favor: he really doesn't have time for this shit.
"How the hell did a kid end up here?"
Her hands clench in the sheets.  "You're an asshole, you know that?"
"Cas?" Then, remembering he's an almost-adult (and Joelle grinning beside him), adds more casually, "You're feeling better?"
Cas doesn't fidget, twitch, tap, or do anything a normal person does when they're stationary for any length of time, which over a month of exposure has taught Dean
Stepping back, Dean helps Castiel to his feet, steadying him when his legs tremble like a newborn foal's.  Crowley takes in the
"Then how did she--" Stupid question; he knows this one.  A thin layer of wood and goddamn
He stills mid-knock: if someone introduced Cas to weird hair shit or facials or something….
She looks at him, cup forgotten in her hand.  "Who was she?"
"Jesus," Vera breathes, and Dean sees her dark skin is nearly ashen.
? You tell me, heir of Charon, what I have done to deserve this?"
Alison and Teresa pretended they were choking on their excellent coffee, ten pounds of which is currently in Castiel's bag.)
"You were serious about that."  Dean tries and fails to think of something to say to that other than apologize for humanity not being up to the standards of an angelic choir.  "Did Joe really threaten to kidnap a doctor?"
"I do," she says virtuously.  "Five hours, between my shift at the infirmary yesterday and midnight, ask Matt."
Castiel looks his opinion of that, which makes Dean laugh again, less reluctantly.
"What," Dean says clearly, "are you doing?"
"It's deliberate; she masked it, but she could not--and would not--inhibition recognition in this case."  He pauses in scrubbing; blood is pernicious.  "If you try hard enough, you should be able to break it, but I don't recommend it, at least until the barrier rises again."
"What about Nate and Zack?" Dean asks, thinking.  "They're on mess this week, right?"
"So everything--the terms, the participants--have to be accepted for it to work?" Joe asks, like it matters or something, sine they're not doing this.
, Dean.  To put an angel to the rack before all of Hell as if it were a human soul would be a degradation of what we are.  For Lucifer to kill an angel is his right, but--
Stumbling to his feet, he makes his way toward the table and dropping to his knees in the spreading pool of still-warm blood.  Desperately, he pulls Cas into his lap, but the blue eyes are blank, staring, and he's already stealing the warmth from Dean's hands, growing colder by the second.  "No, Cas, please,
"You realize you just basically told the universe what to do next, right?" Dean demands, looking unnerved.  "Better be some fucking awesome wedding presents and a cake, that's all I'm saying."  Then, "A
I suspected something else was going on."
"Theodore," Dean interrupts, cocking his head, and yes, that.  "So?"
One's Cas, though; he always knows the sound of his voice, sometimes before he knows anything else.
"Back up.  Volunteers from
"As soon as Vera clears you and you're stronger, I've suggested performing a series of vaccinations for whatever we can get through the border." Dean makes a face, but he kind of likes living, so.  "She agreed, since the ones you would have had in childhood would have expired in any case and being a nurse, she knows the importance of that in this world for anyone.  The entire camp will be participating as well, if that makes you feel better."
"Right," Dean answers blankly.  "Pneumonia?"
"Amanda followed Cas's order that no one else enter unless by my will and with my express permission," Teresa answers, choosing her words carefully.  "Alison gave the order to the town, and no one disobeyed.  I asked Kamal to join me in case he had seen it before, and he insisted on remaining in case I needed help to complete purification.  No one else entered or left."  She hesitates for a moment, exchanging a look with Alison.  "Why did you ask if we remembered it?"
She bursts into laughter, bending to gasp helplessly against her upraised knees.
Andy swallows, thinking about it, and Dean wonders what the hell they're talking about.  "Yeah, I want--I can wait and say goodbye."
"What's their weapon of choice?"
Stopping short, he realizes something else; it's not just white now, but
"Perhaps--"
"--our catalyst," she finishes for him.  "Dean, you're a goddamn genius." she adds, patting his head--she seriously just
"You will," she answers, so transparently sure he almost believes her.  "Alicia picked up a few more books on physical therapy on her last run.  We're gonna take it slow, but as long as you don't rip anything open, progress is up to you.  Be smart: if I see you're overdoing it, you lose your unsupervised tennis ball privileges."
"It's weird, how you're getting worse at lying."
Setting her boots outside as well, Alicia turns to face him with a bright grin, obscenely awake and almost crackling with energy.  "Good morning, Cas."
Joe nods.  "That'd be it."
She hesitates, hazel eyes searching, before she nods.  "Yeah, that works."
He takes another sip.  "Has it been a problem before?"
She turns to face him, and this close, he can see the grey smudges beneath her eyes, rims reddened.  "I am very good at distraction.  Sometimes, I think that's all I do; distract myself.  Thinking, terrible idea, who thought of that?"
covered in snow.  How the hell did they even
"And announce state patrol's suspended for a week," Dean adds belatedly.  "I was gonna do it when everyone came back, but snow fucked that plan up, so they get it late."
"Yes."  Something--disappointment? Worry?  Unhappiness?--flickers across Dean's face before it vanishes.  "Nothing  you'd disapprove of or be interested in.   I sent James to procure three new rugs for winter to better insulate the cabin, and I'm using my power for our personal benefit and letting his team assist me in placing them in here and the bedroom."
lawyer
When Joe joins him, the casual look vanishes, brown eyes fixing somewhere south of his face.  "Uh, Dean...." He raises his eyebrows: what?  "You got--uh, something...." He gestures toward his neck in some way that Dean assumes is supposed to make sense.
, he's almost got it….
.  And will be having sex like a lot.
"Apparently," he admits with a sigh.  "On the range with Amanda, it was painfully obvious how out of practice I am; she says she can almost tell, which is worrying."  Dean tips his head toward the field hopefully, grin widening.  "Dean, I can't continue to mock Sidney for not noticing that you disarmed him despite the fact you're still recovering from near death if on the very same day, I'm forced to acknowledge you can also outshoot me."
Crowley stills.
"It wasn't as if it were an attractive or fruit-bearing tree," Cas tells him reassuringly, squeezing Dean's hip again as if for emphasis.  "
"Perfect." She shivers, warmth trickling over her skin at the low, gravelly appreciation rolling through the single word and desperately tries not to think about it.  In the mirror, she sees Castiel sitting up, watching her, and there's no way she can
"Bullshit," she scoffs.  "I
"I need more paper." He revises that. "Bigger paper."
"Yes.  However, she had enough context from what she saw to…."
"No," he says again, starting back to the table and trying to think of an actual reason his answer. "Cas, don't even think it.  Do you even
"Yes," Castiel says, repressing the unexpected urge to smile.  "Exactly."
"It's a very long list.  Do you want it in categorical or alphabetical order?" Yeah, Cas is enjoying himself.  "If it's any consolation, so am I.  I haven't been out of this state since we arrived here for that reason."
"Unless a human brought themselves to our attention, we didn't even see you," he adds bitterly, remembering the wry note in Alison's voice when she told him that.
is he doing?  It's not like can sell his soul for Alicia's affections!"
"Fuck you," Dean breathes, and turning on his heel, he stalks back to the driver's side door, seemingly having forgotten it's locked.  "This is bullshit.  I'm
Crowley cocks his head as if he's listening for something, and as Cathy steps back, hand reaching for her mouth, he nods in satisfaction.  "She's done. Go gather up them up now.  This has been a very long day for all of them." His gaze rests on Erica and her buddies in anticipation. "Their day, however, isn't quite over, I think."
"I'd prefer this wasn't an issue," he answers honestly.  "If you're asking me what decision you should make, forget it; that's your choice.  If you're asking if I want you to…." Jesus, talk about being screwed by your principles.  "I want them to get to know you, and that's a big chunk of who you are."  He tries on a smile.  "I'd also like you to be able to sleep while you're here without feeling like you gotta watch your back."
" Dean hears over the ringing in his ears, and he blinks up uncertainly at a churning grey mass that he eventually works out is supposed to be the sky--are those snow clouds?  Fuck if he knows--and to see that, he's probably doing something a lot like lying down.  There's probably a reason for that.
"Yeah."  The casualty count was forty-five before he fell asleep, and he really needs to check in with Joe soon about that.  He doubts with everything else they've gotten far with the investigation.  Another group of refugees wander in, looking cold, exhausted, and dazed as they stare up at the wall before being herded away by the next group of volunteers for medical checks and food and sleep.  "Alison was saying something about towers?"
Gently, Cas slides an arm under his back, easing him semi-upright, and the wave of vertigo sends the world spinning briefly before he's leaning back against something solid (Cas, on a guess).
"Since the answer is that you're really distracted, you don't need to," she answers, tucking closer against his side and drawing up her knees comfortably before offering him one of the bottles.  "Last ones I got from Joe.  What did Amanda do to get two bottles of that shit you call alcohol?"
Cas sighs; life is hard for ex-angels with stupid hang-ups.  "I understand.  You'll probably be asleep when I return.  I'll try not to wake you." The implication is that he's gonna try, and may not even fake it being an accident.  Good luck with that: since the fever, Dean sleeps like a goddamn rock.
Mouth dry, he licks his lips and tastes iron and copper, tacky-wet, the smell filling his nostrils more with every breath.  Lucifer's pitiless stare deepens, groping beneath his skin as it searches a body that is no longer a vessel, that houses something that is no longer an angel.
"To kill you, yeah, I heard," he interrupts, rolling his eyes.  "Me, I'd start asking myself if I really want to talk about this, in case someone--I wonder who?--might want to know what the hell you did that got you a going-away scar. I ask Alicia--one of my team leaders--what do you think she'd tell me?"
Hearing Joe come up beside him, Dean says, "You know, I didn't ask this and that was stupid: how big is the storm?  Nice snowy evening, overnight…."
Cas snorts.  "I never paid attention to that rule."
Alison stills, hazel eyes widening in belated realization.  "Amanda--"
"If she's not stupid, everyone she could get," he answers.  "Which wouldn't actually be many if this isn't authorized: only those--"
once a month and cries the whole time." He makes a note to find that movie; Meryl Streep's performance was supposedly sublime, or so several very trustworthy websites assured him.  "You and Dean made good choices on who to send."
"Fucking amazing eyesight," Amanda says, picking off a lone Croat inexplicably wandering down the middle of Third Street.  Manuel retrieves his unit at the noise, raising it to his ear and listening as Amanda does the same at a burst from hers.  "Kamal reports Sixth and Fifth are clear.  They're finishing the sweep of fifth now and moving to Fourth in two minutes."
is he doing to you?"
"So you can see in the dark--pretty useful."  Dean glances out at the landscape again before easing from his slump against the ledge, turning in place to give him the full benefit of his undivided attention (his hand, however, remains where it is, and all is well with the world indeed).  "So what do you think of your first New Year's party?  That wasn't also an orgy, I mean."
Everyone looks at Castiel, and for a long moment, he reconsiders Dean's sanity.  "If you hang it up while it's still damp, it doesn't need to be washed as often," he answers. "Doing laundry is tedious enough, there's no reason to increase the number of loads.  I apologize if I made you feel I would kill you for forgetting after your last shower.  I wouldn't."
Getting his balance, he pounds on the door.  "Open up!" he shouts, trying to remember what time it is; it's night, thanks, he got that part, but how many hours since dusk, he can't remember.  "We don't time for this, open the fucking door already!  They're almost ready!"
Fuck his life: who knew Rabin was a Metallica fan, okay?  "Right, but--"
"Opimius--"
Okay….  "What?"
After a second of glaring--which he ignores as obviously as possible--Cas climbs the stairs and goes inside, coming back out a few minutes later with the horror that is a mess dinner and a blanket and extra pillow (and, Dean notes, sans boots and socks: he really doesn't like shoes when they aren't required).  Dropping the blanket over Dean's lap, he sets down the plate and tucks the pillow behind Dean to supplement the one he already had, then sits down on the step a couple of feet away and evaluates the meat for a second, eyes narrowed.
So, one, thank you for reading and commenting; it's almost as much fun reading along with everyone as writing, which is saying something.
God, he wishes.  "Eh."
"We can ask them in the morning," Dean says grimly.  "On a guess, they will.  Anyone else see it?"
He wants to hang it up, get some perspective, but it's the size of a six person dining room table and heavy enough to take two people to carry and one to spot, and while the wall's concrete, he's not sure what to use to hold it up.
Manuel pales.  "What?  How?  It was only splatter--"
"Passing strange: in a hidden corner of the cubicle in which you store your clothing,
"And argue the shit out of it," he agrees, spying his bag by the door and getting to his feet.  "All night if we have to. Let me grab it and we'll go over the--what do you call 'em?--salient points.  I'll make more coffee while you read."
"And he just let you."
"Very good," he says softly.  Dean cuts off a groan when Castiel draws his fingers out, then gasps at the first rough thrust, back arching from the bed as Castiel establishes a slow rhythm for him to follow before increasing speed, fingers rubbing firmly against the prostate.  "Perfect."
With a sigh of insulting relief, Cas sets the empty bowl aside and glares back at Dean as if he deliberately contracted a fever just to fuck with his life.  "Even if currency were a valid method of exchange for goods and services here," he says bitterly, "I still couldn't pay anyone to deal with this no matter how much I offered them."
"She escaped her silly maid," Cardixa says, looking grimmer still. "My own fault, Lia; I knew better than to leave Licinia in the care of that stupid chit while I met with the physician.  It was no more than half an hour, but...."
"About two hours," she answers.  "They must have been timing it to get that bus, but how the hell they'd know the schedule today...."  She stills, and Dean can see her left hand start to flex before she makes a fist.  "That's what he was doing with the volunteers today. I can't believe I missed this.  The fucker set us up."
.  Though at this point, he's uncomfortably aware he's become hazy on that as well; Chitaqua Syndrome is definitely a thing.  "Remember--"
Cas nods.  "She--"
"Since you're not an angel, that wouldn't be a problem, now would it?"  Her eyes unfocus when he eases a thought to the surface of his mind.  "Very funny, water?  Really?  To put ourselves out?"
Dean finishes packing, gets two cups of coffee, then gives up and surreptitiously closes the laptop while Cas is getting coffee (not like he didn't save already). "I take days off."
Annoyed, he pushes off the blankets and sits up; no clock (no Cas to tell him) but it's definitely after midnight.  It's also colder than he remembers, and a glance around the room shows the balcony door's open, faint orange light staining the floor and letting in all the cold air in the world.
"Hey," Dean says, and doesn't even smile when Kamal jumps, because leaders don't do that.  Much.
"You have until my death," she answers.  "Is that time enough?"
Abruptly, he finds himself seated on the rocky ground, unable to draw a full breath; the world's over and Dean's dead, but he's not.
"Holy shit," Dean said from the passenger seat, a little awed.  "This thing's given you all new ways to fuck with people, hasn't it?"
"A normal person," Dean tells her, "installs a new security system and changes the locks on their doors."
"Three hours and twenty minutes before true dawn," Cas answers softly, fingers skimming up his cheek against the stubble with a faint smile.  "You should sleep."
"Doesn't mean you can't appreciate the view," Dean answers reasonably. "Vera's been under a lot of stress.  God knows, if anyone should get a little fun, it'd be her."
"Just give me a mind-poke if you're worried," Tony advises her, circling the desk and squeezing her shoulder before starting for the door. "See you later, Dean."
"Do you know why?"
"I'm not that--"
Cas tilts his head.  "Technically speaking, our responsibilities are limited to shared defense, which in this case, considering the number of people at Ichabod's patrol line, assistance with that could easily be considered.  Not to mention the potential threat that drove them here, if it exists."
"Then what was it?" Dean demands.  "Why now and not back then?"
Dean exchanges a helpless look with Joe, and realizes he's up.  "Cas, you led a fucking procession to the walls--"
"Almost to the bottom of the hill by now," Alicia says breathlessly, cheeks flushed with hot color as they cross the ward line.  "Zero was empty, saw something that looked like blood on the doorway and didn't stop to investigate.  Grabbed the first bike just as they came out of the brush.  Matt counted thirty before we took off and it was double that when we hit the top of the hill and still counting.  Ambush, and a really good one; if we hadn't made for the bikes after I saw that blood, we'd be dead."
"She and Jeremy did voluntarily spend time with me when certain experiments with substances I doubt anyone sane would have considered attempting failed.  I assumed they were simply very bored.  It's not as if there's much to do here."
"So it looks like we're stuck with each other," she sighs with a real lack of enthusiasm, adding morosely, "And hope for the best, I guess."
Dean makes a face but settles onto the bed.  "The watch changed their story, but it's not like either one would have made this okay.  Cas, their job is to
, Master?" Castiel is the general of Alistair's army, the instructor of every demon in the Pit, but that's not the same thing; an apprentice is
"Or I could seduce you," Cas offers, and Dean opens his eyes to see Cas's slow, satisfied smile.  "Your choice, of course."
"Fine, got me there." Dean blows out a breath, aiming a rueful grin at Alison.  "Go ahead; tell us about your dream trailer of the church."
Sappho flushes, looking disconcerted.  "I do not--"
"Some from the YMCA and library incidents," Vera answers, voice unnaturally loud in the waiting silence.  "They couldn't get enough material for everyone tonight, so Croat got priority, and the first families they approached who said yes for the six others." Her eyes follow the bodies, and he guesses at least one was probably among her patients that night.
"Do they know?"
was on the verge of a great leap forward, the proof probably first seen in pre-adolescent Teresa's homework and witnessed in the garden or workroom, because Tiny Teresa had personal power to burn and was probably there every afternoon after school trying to work out how to do something that she was told no one could possibly do, just to find out why not.  Something literally no one had until that moment ever so much as questioned.
She begins to tremble.  "Cas--"
"Uh, do we really need to do this now?  We were on duty this morning, and Nate worked half the night with the crews....which he wasn't supposed to do," he realizes belatedly, looking guilty.  "Uh.  I told him he could, by the way."
"It wished to replace you on your throne as well as in our bed," Cas answers casually, and Dean is consumed by a rush of sheer, mindless rage, as fresh now as the day it was dragged before him.  It didn't just want to fuck Cas; it didn't even really want the Throne; it wanted to
"So make it up as I go along: got it."  He can do this.  "Okay, two things. We're burning the bodies tonight--get someone on that.  Second, we're going on a supply run in an hour, and everyone's invited.  I got some questions for you, so get back as fast as you can.  Got it?"
"I doubt it, that would actually be useful and therefore would never happen," he says in exasperation.  "For reasons
Cas stares at him. "I'm tempted to let you keep thinking that, but no.  At least, not until puberty at least, and in this town...." He trails off, and Dean thinks of the current residents: psychic, witch(es), visiting fallen angel, and that doesn't even include the pre-kindergarten set of future witches of the infected zone and fuck knows what else in the daycare.  "He or she might feel left out otherwise.  But in any case, the child will simply be Sudha and Rabin's offspring.  I can't possibly speculate with any certainty on Sudha's mind, but it being a former god is probably the least important thing to her."
"Yeah, that part was awesome, definitely worth it," Alistair concedes, then shakes himself.  "Fine, I said no when you asked, that's on me.  I knew better than to expect to exercise my actual literal right to your obedience wouldn't bite me in the ass, my bad."  He turns his attention back to her.  "That's not why I said yes, though; he was right.  He was the right tool, and he was my apprentice; if anyone could do it, it was him."
.  You're
"It breaks the weather?"  Dean asks, as if it's the most ridiculous thing he's ever heard.
Conversation apparently done, Alison limps back, dust rising with every pound of her cane on the concrete before dropping heavily into the armchair, knocking her bad ankle into the leg with a belated grimace.
"If your first household had been wise, they would have seen to it themselves and assured themselves a high profit when they sold you," Cornelia says coolly.  "Poor Maria of course hadn't the strength to attend to it, though I commend her for teaching you such domestic skills as would prove useful to your future.  All who own slaves should so know their most basic duties to their dependents."
"You have the advantage of me," he says, watching Dean set up the board.  "I've watched humans play this game for millennia in its various forms, but this will be the first time I've actually played it with anyone.  I've always been curious as to why humanity seems to enjoy it so much."
"If you can't break me--"
"Remember where you used to at least pretend Creation wasn't alive and had a personality?"
"Dean," Castiel says quietly, "lock the door.  Alison verify no one is close enough to listen; if they are, gently push them in another direction."  He waits for Dean to return, who instead of sitting down drags his chair around and turns Castiel's to face Alison before placing his beside him and then sits down.  A glance at Nate, and he immediately brings his chair to set between Alison and Dean.  "Alison, Teresa and Manuel are the only other ones who can know this, including Sudha.  She can't know, for her own safety and comfort."
Seeing the surprise on everyone's faces (and trying not to feel smug at the way Vera looks at anything but Alicia), Dean plows back to the original subject.  "Amanda, any thoughts?"
Nate's set expression changes into--he thinks that's hope.  "So--it has part of me and I have part of it?"  He nods, and Nate relaxes.  "That's cool."
"I'm getting one trying to imagine the conversation," he admits.  "If it helps, angels are infinite, immortal, and exist out of time; 'end' is...generally interpreted as 'not now'--for value of 'now' when time doesn't have any particular meaning--or 'interruption'."  Joseph rubs his forehead. "Brief interruption.  Like a hiccup."
"For the wards to work, yes, though recently it seems that the 'every night' is no longer applicable," Cas answers absently.  "I meant to tell you about that;  it seems they accept your absences as temporary--at least, those of four days, which has been your longest time away--"  He makes a face, shaking his head. "However, the wards aren't what's doing this."
"We weren't resistant," Joe says.
"Neeraja can't be of help?"
, demon virus,
; he never considered you might save yourselves.  Short of coming himself--which he couldn’t do--he was effectively helpless.  No one and nothing  else would be capable of breaking wards raised by thirteen full witches with the earth behind them.  Doubtless, he still tried; that was very stupid of him.  We can take as a given the minion assigned to the task was just as stupid to believe they could do it; he has a type."
This time, the church isn't silent.
"In order: Georgia, Tennessee, South Carolina, Alabama, Mississippi, and Louisiana.  Now they also include Florida, Arkansas, Kentucky, North Carolina, Virginia, and most recently, Texas."
"Yes, but in this case, whether you care or not is immaterial; I care, and I won't do it."
"I'm gonna get you for this," Dean says pleasantly.  "You'll never see it coming."
Turning, he holds it out to Alicia as Dean suddenly engages James in conversation. "Honeyed apple cider and grain alcohol untyped," he says into the silence between them as Alicia looks at the cup.  "The proportions could use some adjustment, but it's not terrible."
Aware of Dean watching them both, he nods as casually as he can.  "Of course."
"I hear you," she agrees sympathetically, tipping her head back against the chair and closing her eyes.  "Tony does this to me every time.  'Alison,' he tells me, 'you gotta talk to someone and I'm the only one you're not scaring right now except Teresa, and she's not speaking to you.'"  She snorts.  "Every goddamn time.  Eight and a half minutes, let's at least try and make it plausible?"
"I understand your reservations, so I won’t insist," he agrees, though he doesn't, not at all, but the way Dean looked last night gives him pause.  He's regularly tested another Dean Winchester's temper and patience as a matter of course: a solution to boredom, a way to pass the time, or simply to prove he could, and knew exactly how to elicit the response that he desired, as predictable as clockwork and reflexive as breathing.  This Dean, however….  "Practically speaking--you're still thinking like a hunter in a world where what you do is best known by a series of bestselling novels that are considered fiction.  Here, those things are not only fact, but assumed to be a clear and present danger of immediate death until proven otherwise."
"You gonna answer the question or just pretend to?"  Dean leans his chin on his hand. "I can wait."
"Your mom will kill me."
Getting a bowl, Dean scoops up all he can fit inside it and grabs a spoon before plunking himself down on the opposite side of the coffee table and taking a hungry bite.  Beef.  Jesus, it's food, real food, and this particular cow was alive at some point in the last week and not preserved in can or freeze-dried or
"I didn't know, and neither did he!  It shouldn't even be after him yet!" Carol answers hotly.  "The contract's not done.  You're sitting right
"I will," Cas says quietly.
And that, as it turns out, is a lot; there aren't any limits on the human mind except the ones they make for themselves.
"I bear easily," Germanica says with a shrug as another woman joins them; not a servant from her elegant dress and cork-heeled sandals to neatly dressed light brown hair and the way she carries herself.  Maybe a friend or cousin, he thinks hazily as she addresses both women with the ease of a noblewoman talking to her equals.
"So we'll both fake it," Dean says, slapping him on the shoulder before turning him firmly in the direction of the garage.  "Let's go."
"Yes," Cas says before finishing--
"Dean's standing order was not to search for him should he go missing--"
"Shut up."
"You're staying here, with Mark in attendance, while admiring how very bright your individual light is," he interrupts calmly.  "Unless you want to spend the rest of your very short life as a meatsuit for a demon who will know exactly how best to use your mind--that would be to enslave or kill everyone in this town and possibly the greater Midwest--then please, come along."
Castiel blinked at her. "About me?  Why?"
"Cas, talk to me," Dean says, dangerously flat.  "You okay?"
"He was stoned off his ass and I was halfway across the camp on the way to my jeep," she mutters, shaking her head.  "At
"Walter got the power up as soon as the blizzard stopped--they couldn't get to one of the thingies, don't ask me what that is, no idea--and it was stable on the first try.  We got two people with him now, he won't leave the plant but gotta sleep, so they're watching the dials, everything's working."  She looks at him, eyes dancing.  "Dissonance dealt with.  Oh, Tony wants to talk to you; he's near Fifth, I think."
"The kind of accident that happens on patrol if you piss the team leaders off?"
"The interference made it impossible to understand what you were saying," she recites, making no effort whatsoever to make him believe it.  "We are all very sorry--"
"Three days to a week," she answers.  "I'm guessing from statistics here.  I have her on broad spectrum antibiotics now, but that only slows the progress at best, and that's not gonna help much longer.  Tonight, I'll need to find out what her wishes are for what happens next and how long she wants to wait.  She can do the administration herself if she wants, or I can do it at a pre-appointed time; it'll be up to her."
"'We'?"  Castiel looks at the masses of shades surrounding them, their despair and fear and pain endless, terrible to behold.  As an angel, he could have helped them: if he'd thought of it, if he'd cared, if he'd even seen them.  As an angel, he saw this and did
"We would, but we can't afford it." Her expression darkens, probably thinking of the border guards; he's felt that expression on his own face often enough when reading Joseph's reports, not just on his own transactions, but those of the residents of the zone that travel to the border that he talked to.  "Only so much cash we can scavenge, and let's say they don't pay full value for what we can find that they'll take as trade.  Priority is to get every kid we can up to date, keep our antibiotic supplies at the ready, and hope for the best."
Jeremy says firmly, like he's reporting a life and death struggle of the ages.
"You had no choice coming here, or in being revealed to the camp as Dean Winchester," Cas confirms quietly.  "You may blame me for deceiving you--I did, and it was deliberate--but it was done to assure that what choice you had left was yours alone, free of coercion or expectation. Consent," he adds, echoing Dean earlier, "isn't and will never again be just a word."
"Restriction to their cabins when off-duty with extra training from dawn until noon for the foreseeable future," Dean answers with huge enjoyment.  "I told them you'd be adding to that when you were feeling better while I thought a little more on the subject.  Anticipation, Cas.  They didn't piss themselves, but it was close."  The grin fades.  "You believe 'em?"
"Just admit it," Dean advises him, rolling his eyes.  "You're pissed, you've been pissed for two years, you're not over it, you're not sure you even want to be, and by the way, humanity can fuck itself.  No one, Cas--
She shakes her head.  "No, not for me."
"No. It was a long time ago, and it was very dark," Cas answers, opening his eyes. "What if I was wrong?"
"Why--" All at once, it clicks; that was, actually, an answer.  "You were giving me a choice."
Ten feet short of the ward line, Dean comes to a stop beside Cas, Joe and Amanda having stopped half-way between the ward line and Ichabod's walls and not subtly fanning out enough to keep him and Cas as well as Erica and anyone who might be hiding behind her somewhere in sight.  Not that Erica seems to notice or care; the brown eyes flicker to oily black and back in endless succession as she stares at him, lips parting in the shape of his name before she closes her eyes.
That, he supposes, would be why the demon is still in there.  "Are you going to shoot me?"
"They can't cross the River," Dean says, tearing his gaze from the featureless ground and wondering if he imagined it.
"The same way you repair massive dimensional rifts," he interrupts impatiently. "With drywall and paint. It's what you do.  Very well, I should say: well done."
He opens his eyes, breathless, and Teresa lets go of his hands, smile bright, but the brown eyes are wet. "What--what was that?"
"Then we have the option of asking for their surrender before shooting them."  Though not if they're pointing a gun at anyone, of course.  "Alison, find someone who can see them and tell me--
"I could hear them talking--no idea what--and then I see Vera come to the window and open it.  Just stood there," he whispers.  "Like she was daring us to do it."
"Six inches behind you," he shouts hoarsely over the noise of gunfire, and another bag of salt lands beside him, which he assumes means they heard him.  Going back two feet, he lays another line, all his concentration on ignoring the shocks of pain from his right hand  while Alicia takes the volume up a notch, which as it turns out is pretty fucking loud, and throws him her salt between each version of 'fuck' that seem to be the majority of her vocabulary.  Honest to God, he didn't know she could talk like that.
"Dark brown, but very short. Why?" Abruptly, he stills, blue eyes dark. "She was going to escape her husband."
Abruptly, the weight vanishes, and the neat circle of grass surges outward, the featureless dirt vanishing in great gulps of verdant green, spreading beneath the feet of the startled shades like a carpet made of spring.  Licinia jumps as only inches away, a sapling pushes free of what looks like rich soil, tender and young, followed by another, then another.  The shades exclaim, shifting to look at blankets of clover and newborn bushes already bearing green berries that ripen to red before their eyes.
"A corollary of Murphy's Law, I assume."  It's well past dusk, and Castiel finds himself staring at the sky, wondering when he last saw the stars.  "When Dean was gone, whose decision was it for me to assume his duties until he could be found?  Don't tell me there was an actual vote; the sheer irony might kill me."
"Not me."  Lia's mouth curves in a trembling smile.  "I met a man who told me there was a war to fight and showed me why I should fight in it.  He was impossible, and he hid me when I pulled out of time to descend.  He hides me still, because no one can see the impossible, even Lucifer."
a craps player."
"Winston Churchill," she whispers, love rippling through her voice. "He was perfect."
"Thanks," James says, reaching to tug Nate toward him as he hooks an arm over Mira's shoulders and herds them both toward the mess.  For a moment, he's tempted to call Nate back but decides against it; for one, an exhausted Nate is one who runs into walls (James firmly steers him away when he looks in danger of doing just that, proving his point) and two, he's not entirely sure how to question Nate about perfectly normal rooms.
He'd lie if he thought it would help, but in this case, ignorance is dangerous.  "Latent psychics manifest at only a fraction of their full abilities, sometimes in childhood, but more often during early puberty, when the brain is far more malleable.  The time it takes to reach their threshold is variable, but it's usually a matter of years, not months.  And you…."  He makes himself continue.  "Alison, you read the memory of an angel--at least, all you had the context to understand--from the tiniest portion I focused on to give you in a single glimpse, because even now, I have to be careful when exposing you.  If that's what you can do after only four months…."
Dean nods jerkily, mouth dry.  "Of course."  A quick tug, and the remaining buttons part one by one before Cas guides the jeans down his legs, and Dean steps out of them at a touch.  "What was it like?  When you were there?"
"Don't even," Dean warns, because yeah, he does know that.  It was something neither Alistair nor his successor ever understood, which is why Alistair's rule ended on earth after capture by an angel from fucking
"Any chance that's why you broke up?"
"Jesus, that's creepy."
"She's fine," Amanda says and when Dean looks up, he sees her start toward--son of a bitch.  He watches in horror as Jody kneels beside Bushmaster's still body as Amanda approaches Remington and Beretta.
Alison frowns, resting her elbows on the table. "Television?"
Once their door closes behind them, Dean shoves Joe's notebook at Cas. "Here," he says.  "Whole thing right here, didn't miss a thing.  Hey, you want some coffee with that?"
Before he can find a non-committal response, however, Vera abruptly pulls him to the right, past several waiting groups chatting with those manning another makeshift bar and toward the doorway of one of the buildings, where he sees Haruhi urgently gesturing to them before disappearing into the darkened interior.
"No." He debates what to tell her and how much, then goes with the truth.  "We just chatted with the demon responsible for the Croat attack two days ago, and we're pretty sure Micah's involved, somehow.  Carol may know something about what's going on, and we need to find out.  Just talk," he clarifies. "But it's gotta be private. You can check in, but...."
"So you noticed, too?" Dean sucks in a breath and she smiles in satisfaction.  "You're not even real, you know that, right?  The life you live will always be his, and when anyone looks at you, he's who they'll always see."
His companion waves a baffled hand. "I was just thinking the same thing."
"Sure.  I mean, you and Vera gotta be tired of being stuck in here all the time."  Belatedly, he realizes what this means and fights back the unexpected rush of disappointment.  "And she said it's time you got out of here and rejoined the world.  In daylight, anyway."
"Oh." Crowley's smile widens.  "You have no idea how pleased I am to hear you say that."
"Shut up!" Micah shouts, starting toward Alicia, expression pleading.  "Steph, listen to me--"
Cas's eyes narrow.  "Egypt's priesthood included scholars, musicians, scribes, doctors, lawyers, and architects as part of their service to their gods.  They didn't offer sexual favors to random disreputable youths with laughably terrible language skills, and if they had--they wouldn't, but they certainly wouldn't have been refused.  That's insane."
Dean nods, then backtracks: after this is over.  "So you think we're gonna survive this."  Whatever it is.
"Refused to see them when anyone was watching," Joe says slowly.  "Dean, no one's come forward from her town."
"We must be prepared for any eventuality," Leah intones solemnly, pulling off a pretty credible Cas at his most expressionless.  "Including our enemies getting us high before they kill us."
"Thank you,
"Thank you, Jessica," he says seriously, letting go of her hand and fighting down a smile at her faint disappointment.  "You did very well."
"The barrier," Castiel says, setting that revelation aside.  "Other than its properties in repelling almost anything not human--or brownie--what else was it designed to do?"
"There is," he answers certainly, taking aim and firing at a half-broken window at the flash of a face twisted into rage; Manuel jumps, jerking his binoculars in the direction of the building across from him.  Protecting emerging psychics was so much easier before the invention of the automobile; horses simply could not travel very fast, and gathering your forces--even human ones--took time. "I just haven't thought of it yet."
He must have heard that wrong.  "What?"
"Everything, if possible," he says, handing it back and trying to think what they have to trade. "I’m not sure what we can use for--"
"On earth," Dean says seriously, "the word for that is 'living'."
Any other time, Dean might start to ask why the hell they're doing anything for Carol, but that day is not today. Under the circumstances, that is.  "Kat asked to see her?" he asks instead.
"You should sleep," he says, earning himself a snort from Dean.  "The morning patrol will require instruction at dawn before they go out and the night patrol will report to you directly afterward before they go off-duty"
After a pregnant pause--one in which entire worlds are born and die, Apocalypses are ended with time to spare, and after he Falls, he wakes up an actual person, a far better one, one who likes food and people and breathing and living--Dean cuts the engine and climbs out of the jeep, that hideously familiar calm expression on his face, one that promises understanding and rigidly controlled sympathy and counting to ten before every response because someone sadistic once said that was supposed to help and unsurprisingly, humanity is very masochistic.
Alicia's eyebrows jump. "Gun person crossing over?  Interesting."
"Before you passed out from whiskey overkill, you gave me a name: Andrea," Erica answers.  "I told you I'd find her.  I know where she is."
"Infinity."  He doesn't laugh when her mouth drops open, but it's very hard.  "The space around it is in abeyance--potential, unused, still waiting for form.  What will be infinity once it's filled."
and telling her
Sheila's sudden burst of laughter--due to what, he's not sure--gets Dean's attention and he grins into his next drink before frowning up at Castiel.  "Fine, you won.  How'd you know?"
Flipping the knife over his wrist, Castiel stabs backward and hears the pained grunt when it sinks into the meat of his thigh, laughing at the angry hiss as he grabs Castiel's wrist, jerking the blade free.  Twisting his arm against his back, he spins Castiel around and shoves him back against the solid table, bending him backward over the restrained legs, slit open to reveal the clean expanse of white bone, and settling the dull-sharp blade against his throat.
"Cut to the chase."
"Dean?" He jerks his attention to Amanda, who looks amused.  "You still with us?"
Lucifer smirks.  "You're not an angel, and I rule in Hell. I can do anything I want."
"Someone."
"What's going to happen to them?" Dean asks before the silence can stretch too long.  "The ones from Volunteer Services.  Are they...." He's not sure what goes there.
"I can think of several reasons that, if I were a barren woman who with divine intervention was to bear my first child, I might prefer to forget for a time," Cas answers.  "Pregnancy is stressful in ideal conditions which this is not.  Just as importantly, I would be deeply surprised if the god in question didn't at least mention there might be reasons its identity should remain unknown, and the best way to keep a secret like that is not to even know you know it."
"Cassiel was a...." He bites back several uncomplimentary observations on Cassiel; they never understood passion, and they certainly would never have walked through fire just because they thought it was interesting.  "We believed the same, even then; we just would not admit it.  If you wish for our apology at this late date, you have it; you and Amy would have much to discuss."  He tilts his head. "You have not answered my question."
"You're inexplicable faith in my incorruptibility is both touching and utterly wrong."
Here's the thing: that's not all the earth.  It's not even
"Okay." He wonders how clearly he's thinking right now.  "Her tolerance better?"
"Actually, observation," he answers.  "For most of my existence, I was part of a garrison and my purpose was to protect humanity; knowing both the theory as well as the practical methods humans used to defend themselves and their communities was part of that."  He shrugs at Dean's faint smile.  "It was interesting."
"Winner names the forfeit," he answers immediately.  "Deal?"
"You never met Ben, did you?" Dean says conversationally, pulling a long piece of grass from the ground between his knees.  Castiel shakes his head.  "I tried the normal life thing once--definitely an experience.  Anyway, baseball practice, I picked him up after, and we argued about--I don't even remember, kids do shit like that.  I told him he could be quiet until we got home and talked to his mother or he could get out of the car and walk home.  The little fucker got
Without prompting, he extends his arm, and Cas takes his wrist in that impossible grip, thumb sliding over his pulse before pressing in; it takes a minute to realize that's his heart he's hearing, a steady, monotonous thump.  He could be taking a goddam nap for all his body knows right now, instead of willingly participating in the sketchiest ritual blood magic he's ever even heard of with someone who made it up from first principles.  It's not that he doesn't get the danger in this; it's not only him trusting Cas, but Cas trusting him.  They've already proved, completely by accident, that Dean can influence him, and neither of them even knew he was doing it.
"I do," she says.  "For Andy."  Then, with a catch in her voice, "And for Cathy."
"Infinity," she answers in surprise.  "Too much to do filling it up."
Right, they're--going to Ichabod.  "Yeah," he answers, just managing not to drop his jacket; what the hell?  "Let's do that."
"I took your memories of Hell," he continues brittlely. "I saw them all, and I thought I understood.  You should have told me to fuck myself for the presumption.  I didn't understand at all."
She licks her lips, forehead creasing in effort, and he spares a wary look at the arms of the chair beneath one white-knuckled hand, wondering distractedly if anyone here knows how to repair wood.  The fabric is most definitely going to be a loss, but a competent upholsterer can take care of that.  His wrist, on the other hand….
"Couple hours a day, right?"  Dean tries not to take Cas's alarm personally, but Jesus, way to make a guy feel almost tolerated for existing.  "It's only what, a few years of history, how everything works, names--hey, I could use everyone's names.  Which one is Evan again?"
"Huh." Dean abruptly leans forward, reaching across the table and picking up the latest map.  "So this--"
"You're being petty," she says accusingly.  "Whatever bullshit Alicia told you about Micah, it's a lie.  She--"
their lives.  Their job description is pretty much the same as mine.  Just more--" he gestures uncertainly. "Talking to the ground.  Apparently that part's turned out surprisingly useful, who knew; Teresa can also figure out what the land needs for their crops, not just hunt down fucked-up earth spirts and always find where chupacabras are hiding out, which is a much bigger problem down there."
"Human reproductive urges are very strong and extremely unambiguous, which makes sense, considering your mandate includes being fruitful."  Belatedly, he realizes he's smiling back.  "And people are remarkably enthusiastic in sharing knowledge when it comes to sex.  As often as physically possible, as it turns out."
He really, really doesn't like being manipulated, especially when he's right.  "The contract."
"Sit down," he says, and sees the mattress bounce in his peripheral vision.  Pulling jeans and thermal free of Dean's feet, he tosses them to the pile near the chair, Castiel looks up curiously.  "You were saying?"
With the emerging memories, Dean also has a lot of--somewhat embarrassing in retrospect--context for why he met so few non-sketchy witches after Laredo, even when it came to shit like accidents, which could happen to anybody and by sheer law of probability, should have.  The answer is pretty goddamn obvious; accidents by the non-sketchy set weren't going to be in the same ballpark.  On a guess, they probably tended to be a.) pretty unnoticeable by hunter standards (not dangerous, very localized, mostly weird), b.) too weird to believe even by hunter standards, though not by his (inconvenient or at worst alarming for a regular person, possibly  toxic, but lethal never), or c.) most magic that could go really wrong was either thoroughly tested first or only performed--like anyone with common sense--in a properly built workroom.  In any case, all problems or accidents would be taken care of well before anyone noticed, or if they did, before they could spread the word too far.
"Winchester House's connection with Nate meant it gave him the memories," Castiel says absently.  "Nate couldn't interpret them, so his mind simply set them aside.  But they're there, everything until the connection broke with Winchester's House final death."
visitation hours start again."
"Unexpected development," she interrupts, nose wrinkling.  "Carol requested permission to visit Kat at Headquarters."
"Cas, I made my offering when I was bound to the earth," Teresa continues.  "I got all of it in return, and I survived; that's the test, and that's how I passed.  What I can do, she can, but that's not what made her able to interpret that memory she got from you: that was
She opens her mouth, but what comes out is, "You take Cas breakfast in bed?"
"Interestingly enough, I've found that it's the one time that I can be assured of an answer to any question I ask," he answers, watching in fascination as Dean's cheeks darken with new color.  "Usually at length and often in considerable detail, provided I offer the proper motivation."
"From what I gathered when Teresa let Zack finish an answer," she says deliberately, and Teresa makes a face, taking another drink of coffee, "they didn't feel comfortable letting Neer and Sudha go alone, even with Rabin for protection, and of course there was the baby to consider.  So they insisted on accompanying them."
"For the first: Mama didn't say as much, but I think--you told her you wanted to talk to it, which I assume means Zena told you it had made the request." He doesn't need to remember (yet) to have the definite impression of,
"So how--"
Reluctantly, Dean nods.  "Fine, I'll give you that one."
"Did it work?"
"A degradation," Dean says helpfully. Sure, water under the bridge, but not like he can't still see the river.  "Barely."
"I know, right?" she answers, shaking her head.  "I forgot what it was like to talk to someone who I couldn't identify by their scars and which ones I'd been responsible for stitching up.  Then I realized he was hitting on me--at least, I think he was, that's what he was doing, right?"
sulking."
This piece is the promised revisit of the Church, on the heels of its importance to
"What are you reading, anyway?" Dean asks immediately, craning his neck to decipher the illegible title. Resigning himself, he picks it up and passes it to Dean, who flips it open, squinting at the pages with a dubious expression before turning it sideways. "Okay, I give up, what is it?"
"It's not," Dean says, flexing his right hand restlessly, trying to get rid of the phantom pressure against his palm.  "The rack uses all you are; everything you've seen, everything you've done, everything you felt, and it twists it all until you break.  Nine times out of ten, it burns it out of you, but the tenth time...it loves that, did you know that? That piece--it's like an open wound, just begging to be ripped apart, and it does it until it's all you are.  That's the best part; when you get up, you gotta take it with you.  It
Okay, no.  "I wouldn't have made her--"
"It's more that you're asking the wrong question, so who knows?" he explains.  "The right question won't be asked for roughly seven hundred years, and possibly two thousand more will pass before a partial answer is available that is also somewhat right.  The Apocalypse has much to answer for when it comes to unconscionable delay of the progress of the sciences."
"Taking your memory and letting you leave--it was hard for them, Mama especially," she continues.  "You were there three months, Dean; they
"I'm gonna go take a hot shower," Dean says abruptly, voice thicker than it was earlier.  "Wind today--you know.  Lie down for a little while.  It was a long day."
"It...." Nate swallows.  "House is dead, isn't it?"
Cas is skeletal, jacket huge over bony shoulders, t-shirt and jeans looking like they'll slough off like shed skin as he starts up the aisle in jagged strides, hands roughly bandaged and smeared with drying black and tacky red.  Every bone is pushing brutally against livid, tissue-thin skin pulled impossibly tight, cheekbones like razors above hollowed-out cheeks, blue eyes sunk in rotting black holes like he's never slept, not once, not ever.  The short brown hair is as brittle as straw around his face, bloodless lips bitten to unhealed wounds.
"Neer said Sudha wanted him about an hour ago," she says with a fond smile.  "Nate's a baby person, did you know that?"
"Leah and Mark will give Chitaqua the order to mobilize everyone but Chuck and three members of his choice to stay behind," Cas says as Dean pulls a heavy thermal over his t-shirt.  "Chuck will close Chitaqua to everyone until you or I personally order the gates opened again."
"Dean--" Cas licks his lips again, and it's only now Dean can see he's shaking. "I still
"I'm in the bathroom," he says slowly, trying to focus on Castiel long enough to glare and achieving a credible if vague squint.
"Keep going," he says, trying not to think of Alicia in that room with Cathy.  "I gotta hear what Kyle thought was going on."
him.  "Grace, whatever, that has nothing to do with it: the difference is, you're
He's tempted to keep walking, but something in her voice makes him turn back around. "What?"
Oh God, he hates it when Cas is right.  "Fine," he says grudgingly.  "You made a promise?"
Finally, a single vision dominates, clear and hard, edged with rage and fear so strong it burned away physical pain; each half-conscious child (they didn't have time to hurt them, too. It took days to find them, she didn't hide them well enough, her fault, she should have learned more before she….) was carried inside the circle and placed within the inner circle before the last quarter--the closing sequence--was drawn, in chalk this time, because--
"No, she couldn't; Crossroad demons can't manifest at any crossroad in Rome and nowhere a Roman Crossroad college exists. You wanted to sell your soul to a demon, that took effort, assuming they'd even let you.  Roman citizenship, useful like that."
"Chicken," Dean says, introducing himself into the conversation and a world redolent with steam and good things without moving a single inch when Joe removes it from the container and sets it on the coffee table.  "Dude."  Tearing his eyes from the best thing ever, he squints at them both, focusing on a suspiciously innocent Joe.  "I thought you were in Ichabod for a couple more days."
.  They were too small.  "You think I wouldn't care."
.  If you're going to call--and again, this does not happen, but okay--and it's
Looking up the twenty-four foot height with a sense of unreality (Christ, big), Dean takes a long drink of coffee and waves up at the bewildered looking citizens walking on top (walkway?) just behind the three foot-high--lip?--not unlike that which surrounded the roof they'd been sitting on when New Year's Day began.  Cas is apparently safety-conscious even when crazy; no one's gonna trip and fall to their death without making an effort to do just that.
"Don't listen to her!" Kat says, jerking Andy's face down. "She killed
"Good luck," he tells her sincerely as she leaves, remembering suddenly he hasn't eaten yet and the mess is a possibility for that.  It also, he remembers from what Vera gave him, has excellent coffee.  In any case, he should go see what it's like; perhaps it will give him some ideas for the one they're building in Chitaqua.
"And if I do anyway?"
"I'd like to see you try," he adds, tipping his head toward the door.  "Let's go."
"Well?"
"You aren't an angel anymore," she answers, eyes on the goddess.  "What the hell can you do?"
"This isn't
Crossing over to him, Dean drops in a crouch, relieved that Cas doesn't flinch again when he reaches out to tilt his head up, fighting back rage: soon, he tells himself and feels the Pit hum in anticipation.  On a guess, whoever's been after him is in a lot worse shape; he'll have to ask about that.
"What?"
"Two thousand, one hundred, and thirty five years ago, late at night, and in the Grove of the Furies," he recites obediently, just because he can.  "And not you, in case that needs to be said."
She blinks at him and looks away, frowning at the threadbare upholstery on the arm of her chair for a moment.  "I can try and deny it if you want--I have the cred from living here while you were sick, but…seriously, Dean, drowning your trauma in alcohol and casual sex works for everyone else, including you once upon a time.  Just had to shake things up this time?"
to fuck with your boyfriend's ex?"
"If Alicia could get anything out of him...." Dean starts, not liking himself for even thinking it, not if he's right, and honestly, he hopes he's not.
"Croatoans remain infectious after death."
Cas's expression doesn't change for a moment, then he pushes back the reports--good sign?  Bad sign?--and sighs, leaning back against the pillows. "You're two different people," he says.  "It's impossible to compare you in any meaningful way, and also ridiculous."
"Even with the stunning coincidence that with a two year history of sleeping with anyone who'd say yes, I stopped?  If I were the paranoid kind, I'd wonder if maybe removing clothing was the deal breaker there."
"I'm trying," he says, not entirely untruthfully.  "The afterimage you can see and feel acts as an inadvertent form of protection by giving human senses something it understands to redirect attention.  When that fades--and it will eventually do so--there will be nothing there to distract attention."
Startled, he pushes himself upright, fighting back an unexpected wave of lethargy, and sees Dean leaning into the doorway, the smile stretching his lips not quite reaching his eyes.  Feeling unbalanced, he searches his memory and then glances at the slowly growing twilight and realizes it must be dusk.  "How long did I sleep?"
"We think the human infiltrators in Ichabod were responsible for the influx," he says carefully.  "You expect me to believe their actions in Ichabod on behalf of the Crossroads is unrelated to this?"
Perhaps those rooms actually sent him to an alternate universe where that makes sense.  "What?"
"Not a big enough sampling, but an escalated mob mentality might also explain it," Joe offers.  "Anyway, at the entrance point, patrol was breaking it up before it got too far, and like I said, from the outside, not anything to write home about." Joe takes a bite of rice.  "You know, Alicia had a point about us not listening to them."
: fuck knows what could be under the snow.  "Okay, all of you go to Admin and tell Alison what you saw, so she and Claudia can start inquiries, then food and bed.  We got a long day tomorrow. Dismissed."
, Christ.
Settling in his chair, Tony's face lights up, the way it always does when he's with his kids, making Dean wonder about if he had a family before or this was his first opportunity to have one.
.  They are our natural prey."
"It's possible," Castiel says after another bite. "It's simply extraordinarily difficult.  The effects are almost entirely on the subconscious level; once anyone is within five miles of Chitaqua, it's almost impossible to consciously notice that they're being affected.  It's like paranoia; it's very difficult to prove to yourself that they're not out to get you.  Human instincts exist for a reason, and after five years in an Apocalypse, you might say that they have made a very necessary comeback in the human psyche.  Even if someone, demon or human, made it in view of our walls, they wouldn't be in any condition to be subtle about it."
Headcanon time!
"Okay," is all he says, however, reaching for the backpack and pulling out two bottles of beer.  As he passes one to Castiel, he adds, looking around with exaggerated thoroughness, "You come up here a lot?  View's great.  Really--dark."  Cocking his head, he looks into the moonless night for a long moment, and Castiel's surprised to see the tension melting from his shoulders, one corner of his mouth quirking in unconscious appreciation. "I bet it's amazing during the day."
"And then?"
"It's the former; they became very good friends during training--I remember she used to cover for him when he would come to class with a hangover," Cas says suddenly.  "He had lost his wife and child only a few months before to Croatoan, and he drank heavily if given the opportunity.  He had the good sense to appreciate her efforts to keep him from being thrown out of Chitaqua, and--how do humans put it?--pretended to care about living until it became true."
"Might have had an actual reason to fire on people in military-looking vehicles, yes," Cas answers.  "Though considering the distance between them and any mid-size city, the state of interstate communication, and the fact this wasn't exactly advertised, I tend to err on the side of them being simply homicidal."
sign a contract where you know for a fact it could break on suspicion of breaking consent?"
"Practice what you preach, Messenger."  Her lips tighten, smile fading.  "Even here, time is short and I cannot stay long--"
Cas's collection of patrol reports covering a single week already outnumbers everything that the other Dean collected in his entire tenure in Chitaqua.  Taking a stack with him back to this Dean's cabin, he spends most of the day reading through them, starting with the earliest, which by date (Cas has patrol
Castiel tries and fails to understand the relevance.  "You mentioned the ones we had from the library and the earlier hand-drawn ones were outdated because of the changes in the highway system as well as the location of still-existing communities."
"Yeah, I got real problems to deal with, not Nate's poor sad feelings when his own fuck-ups come home to roost or Cas playing concerned leader because he recently learned all about feelings," she snaps, then stills.  "Sorry. I didn't mean to say that."
"You could use a little spoiling," Dean decides, eyes falling closed despite himself. "We're gonna work on that."
"He didn't need to ask," she says.  "To help him, my soul was nothing.  Would have been cheap at twice the price."
"Between eleven and fourteen hours ago, approximately," he interrupts, fighting back a yawn.  "Don’t be alarmed, but you're currently in stage two.  It's possible that you're contagious, but on the other hand, you remain uninterested in consuming human flesh.  The door is locked, and while I'm not visibly armed, it's only because you're unsettlingly good at acquiring other people's weapons and I can't risk you getting mine.  How are you feeling?"
