“Are you, Sherlock?” Molly asked him.
“I know but . . .” Sherlock started. “It doesn’t matter. Tell me a bit about your strategy with this woman -- are you going for trusted friend or will there be flirting involved? And before you refuse to answer, I know this isn’t one of your dates so I promise I won’t be sarcastic -- which I still reserve the right to do when you do go on a real date.”
Sherlock looked at John. "If you want to," he said, nodding slightly to let him know he meant it.
“Finally,” Sherlock said as he came out of the bathroom. “See? I can go to the toilet myself -- I don’t know why I need to be under house arrest.” He slowly climbed back onto the bed, but decided not to lift up his legs. He turned a little to face the chair as John sat down. “So you were at work?”
"You can stay as long as you like," John said.
“Maybe,” Sherlock said. He wondered what that meant but liked the idea. He stepped back from the gravestone. “Sorry this wasn’t very dangerous,” he added.
“That’s too far away --” Sherlock started.
John's eyes snapped open. "What's wrong?" he asked, shifting to get out of his way.
"I am sure we're both going to keep getting annoyed with each other, that's life," John said. "It’s normal. But I think we can handle it. We have so far," he said.
Sherlock dropped against John. "I want it to last all night," he said as he melted into the kiss again.
"Hi Sherlock," John said, keeping his voice steady.
Sherlock smiled. “It’s a bit daft, but it could be interesting. Well . . . fun, I guess.”
He found the ad and dialed the number.  He got an answering service, where a bored-sounding woman with a thick Yorkshire accent asked the caller who was interested in the room to leave a name and number.  John did so and then turned his mobile off.  Leeds just might be a place he could restart.  It sure as hell wasn’t Afghanistan, and for that he was infinitely grateful.
“Indeed!  Now, eat up, get dressed, and pack! We’ll be gone for the weekend.”
“...and you hate him.”
John returns to 221B on a Thursday.  Sherlock is at his microscope when he hears the front door open and close.  He’d recognise that tread anywhere.
John sighed.  “Please.”
“What about him?”
His cries went unheeded, however; they were taking heavy fire from enemy 50-calibre rounds.  Dust and plaster rained down on him from above.  Not too far away, the sound of something exploding.   And then, the pain.  Jesus, the pain.
He looked down.  On the nearest lounge chair, a pile of dark clothes were folded meticulously on a lounge chair, a suit jacket slung over the back, shoes lined up neatly on the floor - Sherlock, then.  What the hell?
Blink.
John’s not sure if he believes it, but he supposes it doesn’t matter, anyway.  “She’s old enough to stay alone.”
John awoke to the sound of Sherlock’s phone, which appeared to be having some kind of seizure on the table.  He yawned, stretched himself out a bit, and retrieved it, lobbing in Sherlock’s direction.
talking about this.”
“Oh.”  She deflated a little.  “Well.  It’s so nice to see a new face.”  She clasped her hands together again.  “I think you’ll fit in just fine.”  And with that, she left in a flutter.
“Hmmm, yes.  Thank you.  Your skin is very soft.  I find it comforting.”
And the
“Bivalves,” I reply.  “Oysters.  Do you like oysters?”
“It would be a good job for you, making deliveries,” John teased.  “You could deduce everything.”  He lowered his voice dramatically.  “What did Mrs. Granderson order from Agent Provocateur
He couldn’t do much about being damaged or scarred, but the weak he could work on, and if getting fit again started with swimming and cycling to the train station, so be it.  Eventually he’d like to get the motorbike out and just ride around for a while.  There were the Bolton Priory ruins he wanted to see, and the local roads ran forever, twisting and turning through moorlands and hamlets.
I considered working on synthesising androstadienone next, but it’s so much better to take a hit right from the source.
Sherlock laughed and settled a large hand over John’s chest, below his scar and over his heart.  The look in his eyes was so full of emotion that John was having a difficult time processing it.  He’d mourned men he’d loved after they bled to death in his arms with military stoicism.  Now, his eyes were stinging from happiness.  He might just break down right there, sobbing, and found that he really didn’t care.  Fulfilment, after so long...
“Well, far be it for me to interrupt.”  John waved a hand at his lover.  “Please continue.  It was quite a performance.”
“What?  No.  Sorry.”  John watched her closely as she gently folded and repacked the dresses.  He tried to think like Sherlock, who would be able to work out exactly when Mrs. Hudson was dancing and what she was dancing to -- and with -- by the cut of the dresses and type of beads adorning them.  John was able to tell nothing except for the fact that Mrs. Hudson clearly had fond memories of a long-forgotten passion.  He could picture her as a young woman, lithe and feisty, getting lost in the music of the time, maybe even on stage.
She tires of dancing around it, tipping her head back and moaning dramatically.  “Dad, have you ever actually watched your own wedding video?” she cries to the ceiling, her histrionics worthy of Sherlockian Shakespeare.  “The vows!  His stupid speech!  You never take that ring off because you married him, too!”
The donation pile was the largest by far.  Most of it was clothing, still in good condition but out of fashion (Mrs. Hudson was a classy dresser, after all), along with linens; decorative porcelain animals that someone, somewhere might love; a stack of bodice-ripper novels; a Victorian lampshade; a crochet toilet-roll holder, and some unwanted hats and gloves.
Please God, thought Captain Watson, officer of the Royal Army Medical Corps, expert in immediate first-aid and life-saving trauma care, please let me live.
Above him, the white-hot eye of the sun was eclipsed by sand.  Then, nothing.
This weekend, so far, has turned into a study of myself, and, on the whole, much of the past few weeks has been emphatically
John surveyed the scene.  “I can’t get down there.  We’re going to need help.”  He was just glad that it was the serial killer who’d ended up getting skewered--it was only a miracle Sherlock hadn’t joined him.  At the climax of the case, as they’d chased Kerr on foot through the park, John had watched as Kerr mysteriously vanished ahead of them.  Then he’d seen Sherlock windmilling about, feet slipping, and then John was there, grabbing a fistful of Sherlock’s coat and pulling him back.  Thank God for his reflexes.
Sherlock took one final swig of the bottle.  “You have met my brother, have you not?” he said, as if it could not be more obvious.  “Well, my...my…” --he searched for a proper descriptor and came up short-- “my John.  I’m afraid it’s all gone,” he said mournfully, tipping the bottle upside-down.  “Luckily, we have arrived at our final destination.”
“Well, especially this one.”
“Yes, John!” Sherlock cried back, eyeing the door.
Something akin to surprise and relief softened Sherlock’s features.  “Not in love with Molly?  But…”
during an act of reverence, and no woman had ever made this much noise while giving a blowjob.  Sherlock was still making these obscene sounds, deep and masculine groans and grunts; if the flat were still bugged, someone was getting an earful that would have sounded like someone in extreme pain or enjoying the most delicious dessert on the planet, had it not been for the obscene slurping and John’s own noises of pleasure.  He sincerely hoped Mrs. Hudson was not still in her bedroom (that awkward conversation was bound to happen sooner or later, and with the ruckus they were raising, John had his bets on sooner).
John placed the plate on what was now the only clear surface of the room -- the bedside table.  “Was this your childhood room?” he asked, rolling up his shirtsleeves.  It didn’t look as if it had been redecorated.  The room lacked the formality of the others he’d seen.  No sleek paintings hung from the walls, and the furniture was plain and functional, from the desk to the chairs.  The bedframe was ornately carved but made up with a plain grey duvet.  He tried to imagine the space as a child’s room, complete with plastic trucks, cars, Lego, model dinosaurs and board games.  What kind of toys would Sherlock have played with?  Or did he favour the outdoors as a child?  Did he play sports or hide-and-seek in the garden?  John doubted it.
“Who?”
“It’s unusual.  Although, I must admit, not unwelcome.”  A pause.  “You care for him.”
Somewhere to his left, Molly let out a small squeak.
Eventually our bodies demand more: John groans, and my cock leaps.  Literally, it jumps against his thigh where I’ve been rubbing it.  John’s boxer shorts need to come off, and now, so I break our kiss and wiggle down under the duvet and wrestle them off him.  Now it’s my turn to moan, and I do, confronted with his eager prick.  I could write odes to John’s penis.  I love thinking about it, sometimes, how it hangs there, soft and quiescent while John goes about his daily business, all tucked in.  I love to watch it expand, fill with his blood, the foreskin retract, the glans, red and glossy, protrude.  Observe how it leaks, how it (not just a body part, no; John, always John, the man entire) craves my touch, my mouth, my arse.  He is only of average proportions, perfect for my mouth.  He’s not so big as to cause me discomfort when I sink down on him, or so small I cannot feel the delight as I stretch to take him in.  Now that I’m under the duvet, my face so close to his groin, I can smell him.  Not the freshly showered John, the one whose skin tastes of soap (which is in itself delightful), but the dirty John, the one who hasn’t showered in a day.  He smells like a man should smell, primitive, spicy, yeasty, musky,
“After you,” Sherlock said, holding the door open for him.
“That could be any rose!” cried Owens, his voice shaking.
John looks up.  “Pardon?”
(See the end of the chapter for
I remember the oyster more fondly.
“And then there’s everything the shoe picks up,” continued Sherlock.  “I’m not sure how much our boots can tell us, having been underwater, but there may be clues to where the wearer had been or worked.  Dirt is like a fingerprint: sediment, colour, the structure of soil particles and any biological material contained within allow me to determine where a suspect has been.  I have an entire index devoted to soil samples, you know.”  He tapped his head.  “Up here.”
“None left.”
John didn’t know what to say.  That was a hell of a confession.  He hadn’t said anything half that  revealing to Ella.
It was only 8pm.
John frowned as Andrew approached him.  “Excuse me,” said Andrew.  John didn’t move but stood, stalwart, blocking the door.
They made love in Sherlock’s bed.
“John?”
“It’s okay,” says John, voice quiet, calming.  “Stress hormone release.  You’re exhausted.  It’s all right.”
“I suppose.”
“Mmm.  Finger?”  His eyes are still closed, but he rolls over, scooches up on the bed until he’s semi-reclining against the headboard, and spreads his legs so I can settle between them.  He looks so young, so handsome.  He’s not even embarrassed to ask for what he wants anymore.  And I am more than happy to oblige.  He’s so wet from my mouth, but he responds best with a bit of lubricant, so I reach over and fumble in the nightstand drawer for my favourite lubricant for oral sex -- sweet almond oil.  It has a pleasant smell and blends with John’s body chemistry perfectly, not masking his natural odours but rather blending with them harmoniously.  I use one hand to part his cheeks again, and drizzle some oil directly on his anus, where it shimmers before sliding down.
John shivered.  He felt odd, all of a sudden, so full of love and lust that it swelled up against his ribcage, his senses overwhelmed.  He licked his lips and whispered, “I see us.  Together.”
he thought.
“So why the tuba?” John asks, sitting at the table with a late breakfast of poached eggs on toast.  He’s halfheartedly reading the
“You’re filthy,” Sherlock chastised, but John could hear the mirth in his voice.
.  Damn.”
He pats me gently.  Rolls over.  Gets up.  I hear him in the bathroom.  He returns, turns to his side so I can get behind him.  We make spoons for a moment before lifts his leg, hooking it over my hips, giving me space.
“GO. AWAY.”
“I don’t know.”  It’s the truth.  He’s pretty sure they were heading toward disaster.
Sherlock took the phone and tinkered with it a few moments before sighing dramatically. “Nothing.”
______________________________________________________
“Mmm.  A good memory then.”
Bracing his right hand against the wall, John strokes himself, his hand moving quickly over his himself, down to pull at his balls, back up again.  The scent of Sherlock’s conditioner hangs in the humid air, evoking memories of times he’s smelled it before: during stakeouts when they’re sharing tight spaces, or clinging to the Union Jack pillow.  Water drips down his nose, into his open mouth.  He spreads his legs for stability and arches into his hand.  The bath feels warm under his feet, as if he’s standing in the exact same position as Sherlock had a few minutes earlier, for this was undoubtedly what the detective must have been doing, those long, dextrous fingers wrapped around the length of his penis, his right hand, though.  Maybe his left had slipped back to tease his hole.  Sherlock had actually been pleasuring himself, like all men do once in a while when their bodies
John thought about his blog.  His private entries aside, everything he’d written in the past month had to do with Sherlock.
“Yes, yes you do.  Vain bastard.  You’d look good in anything you wore.  Jesus.  I’d better not say that.  Next thing I know you’ll be decked out in heels and knickers, or even worse,
“What do you think?” John asked Sherlock, leaning in.
“The night after the police had gone, he said that if he ever saw that liar Archibald Holmes again, he’d rearrange his face.”
“Is this OK?” Sherlock whispered.
John chewed his lip.  “You know,” he said, “maybe I can help you out with that. Let me make a call.  Have you been banned from Jimmy’s?”
“Indeed,” said Sherlock.
“Bloody hell,  Navya! Congratulations, pet!”
“His books, probably.  And his chemistry equipment.  That boy and his experiments.  Electrocuted a squirrel once.”
Did he?  John
“It’s yours,” said John.  “You should have it.”
“What’s that?”
“For a long time.”
.  So, Lillian studied in China?” he asked, changing the subject.
They played the first round (‘Pop classics of the 1990s’) before John managed to get to the bar.  He took an instant dislike to the barman.  Tall, blond, and fit, the man working the bar exuded a type of cool confidence John distrusted.  Plus, he’d made John wait longer than he should have, and John didn’t like to be kept waiting.  Sure, he wasn’t suave or trendy, but he was a soldier and he knew that he could mop the floor with the smug barman’s face if he had to.  He locked eyes with the man as he collected his pint of Stella and Jenny’s glass of Chardonnay and tried to convey as much to him.
“No, the stems are too thin and floppy.  I don’t remember seeing him with pansies.  But look where I found it.”
“Oh, I guess it looks rather dreadful at the moment, but once spring arrives, the place is just bursting with colour.  We’ve got a hothouse, too.  Fresh oranges this time of year.  You’ll want to spend some time out of doors, I’m sure.  The property’s all open to you.  Except for…”  She trailed off.
“Go ahead.  I’m not the one with the sex toys.”
They slept fitfully in a sweaty tangle and awoke with headaches and sore bodies, a stressful day of moving ahead of them.
John heard Sherlock mimic his words under his breath as he sat down on the therapist’s rolling chair.  “I hope she’s old and ugly,” he muttered, “and has tiny, weak little hands.”
“No.”
“I know,” said Sherlock, voice steely, “that you are stationed here today because your boss finds you irritating and frequently incompetent and figured you could handle something as inane as a race where adults behave like children, making you nothing more than a child care provider for the day.”  He leaned in closer to Anderson and lowered his voice.  John could barely make it out.  “I know you failed to pass the sergeant’s examinations.  I know you more than occasionally gamble, should avoid dairy even though you don’t, and are secretly having an affair with a fellow officer.  I know you liked athletics at school but had disappointing results at county level. I also know that you’ve spent most of today watching the bouncing breasts of the female runners instead of actually doing your job.”
.  What we’re looking for is a book that
Sherlock stood and held out his hand.  Sally looked quizzically at it before shaking.  “Thank you,” said Sherlock solemnly.
They arrived just as the MC was announcing teams; John and Sherlock took their awaiting chairs.  Mike quickly introduced his wife, Margaret (call me Maggie), Jenny from the micro lab, and Sanjay, who worked in paediatric oncology.  John sat next to Jenny, whom he noticed right away was not wearing a wedding ring--good man, Mike.  Sherlock shook hands and exchanged pleasantries, for which John was thankful.
“It’s just fatigue,” Sherlock said, drawing him close, both of them knowing it was much more complex than simply being exhausted.
John scrambled out of the library, not even bothering with his open computer, and ran to the reception area, where he startled Navya.  “Phone the police,” he said, a bit breathless.  “I’m afraid your ‘golden girl’ has been rather naughty.  I’ve got to get to Sherlock.”
“Your absence will interrupt our bonding.”
“I’m so very sorry, John.”  Dr. Fellows sat down again, put her hand on John’s arm.  “From what I’ve heard, your team came under heavy fire.  By the time MERT arrived, you were the only one left alive.  You were very lucky.”
I like John’s armpits.  I like the golden hair there, how fine it is.  Like a tiny tuft of lion’s mane, not a grey hair whatsoever.  The skin under his arms is delicate and soft.  John finds my fascination amusing.  He always affectionately tells me I’m mad and then lets me nuzzle in, even when he hasn’t recently showered.
“A blog, yes.”
.  “Why do you think that?”
Sherlock’s lower lip did something funny, halfway between a wobble and a frown, and John reached out and drew their faces together.
Sherlock frowned and finished his last bite of tomato.  “I think you’re right.  I’m banking on the wear patterns.”
They were two bodies, sharing space, living together, behaving badly together, learning from one another.  A strange but very strong friendship.
John found his heart beating faster at the very suggestion.  “Yeah.  I’d like that.”
Two full cups apiece improved their moods considerably, although John found the packing crate less than comfortable seating and his body growing stiffer.  He grimaced as he poured the last of the wine.
“But you didn’t leave the flat?”  Sherlock hadn’t, John was sure.  A line of worry appeared between John’s brows.
He was shown to a relatively private and quiet table near the windows that overlooked the gardens; the sky had grown overcast.  John studied the decor - dark, oak-panelled walls, Victorian oil paintings, heavy gilt mirrors, wall sconces with lit candles- and tried to imagine a time when this was the formal dining room of only one family and its honoured guests.  The room had been converted into a dining area that housed no more than thirty tables, so the atmosphere remained intimate.
“Surely I don’t need to know about your sexual proclivities.”
“Sherlock,” whispered John.
“Water.  Sugar.  Lemon.  Chamomile extract.”
John did, and promised to be back by 8pm.  He made it to Lestrade’s, and enjoyed a perfectly normal afternoon, the box he’d brought up from Mrs. Hudson’s completely forgotten.
Again, infinite thanks to BettySwallocks, who has really challenged me to become a better writer.  I'm having more fun with this than should possibly be allowed.
“Yeah,” John murmured, “that’s it, love.  Make some noise for me.  Let it all out.”
“Ate this morning,” said Sherlock, who suddenly started unbuttoning his shirt, completely unabashed.  John didn’t know whether to look away.  He kept his chin up and stared somewhere past Sherlock’s head.
“Basic human biology, Dr. Watson.  The chemistry of attraction is well-documented.  Simply observe respiration and heart rates, look for biological responses to hormone release, such as dilated pupils or a flush to the skin when the person in question is in the presence of his beloved.”
Life at 221B Baker Street continued on much as normal, except that John had abandoned his pursuits of lovers and catalogued the classic hormonal urges associated with falling in love.  He let himself bask in Sherlock’s intellect and waited for those moments when those unusual eyes would twinkle with mischievous glee or fond respect.  John studied Sherlock’s hands and lips and the column of his throat and said nothing.  He was fairly certain that if Sherlock wanted a sexual partner it would be a male one, but he never seemed attracted to anyone.  John didn’t even know if the man had a wank now and then.  If he did, what would he think of, if anything?  As far as John could tell, Sherlock had subliminated his libido into the Work in order to avoid the whole useless, distracting, and unnecessary mess of sexual intercourse.
John stood, took the fragile rose from his hand, and placed it between the pages of his moleskine notebook.
I knew little about oysters.  I knew it was a bivalve, a filter feeder, could produce pearls (valuable).  I knew its little slimy body fed on plankton, and I knew about plankton because I had read about the mighty humpback whale in one of my father’s National Geographic magazines.  I remember thinking that Mycroft could eat a whale, but he could never gulp down an oyster with the grace of the woman in the black dress.
Sherlock’s dig didn’t fluster Sergeant Donovan a bit.
Nonsense.
“Do too.”  Sherlock made a show out of tolerating the nuzzling before flopping over onto his back.
“Was your father a violent man, too?”
Sherlock changes the subject.  “What do you want?” he asks.  “Not money or power.  You’ve made that abundantly clear.”
“All kind words, I suppose,” ventured Sherlock, going back to his dinner.  At this rate, John thought, he may actually finish it.
“Wait.  What?  We’re going?”
The other gentleman stood, albeit slowly, and shook John’s hand.  “Samuel Campbell,” he said.  “Pleased to meet you.”
“If that’s a jibe about my lips, mister…”
“Would have been much better with you there.  No worries.  It has been many years since I have been sexually active, so a little priming of the pump might be in order.  Wouldn’t want to disappoint.”
Sherlock stared at him, brows drawn together, a little crease forming above his nose.  “It’s 2am.”
.  Vanilla extract is prized for its complex bouquet, but more importantly, its ability to enhance the flavours of other tastes, like chocolate, caramel, or coffee.  Its chemical composition is complex and incredibly intricate and the plant itself can only survive under just the right conditions.  The pods must be hand-picked at precisely the right time and then cured.  Ethyl vanillin, John, is
“Great.  Now have a cuppa and try again.  Sometimes fresh sheets will do wonders.”
...five, six, seven, oh God.
He liked the simple act of sex, but always found it more intense when augmented by emotional attachment.  One of the reasons he simply wasn’t satisfied with keeping their relationship platonic was because he wanted Sherlock to feel how much he meant to him, wanted him to know all of the things he could not say but could convey through his hands, lips, and body.  He wanted Sherlock to know he was loved, and loved well.  He wanted to hold him, clasp him tight, stake his claim, render him pliant, drive him wild.  And if penetration was what drove Sherlock wild, John aimed to drive him right round the bend.
Mycroft nodded, sipped his tea, and furrowed his eyebrows.  Clearly not his usual, which was probably grown on a mountaintop in Tibet and harvested by magical tea fairies under the full moon.
“Yes, well…I do.”
Mycroft:  You’re welcome, little brother.
I prefer sleeping in the nude.  I wish John would.  He said something once about if he ever had to shoot an intruder in the middle of the night, he didn’t want to do it with his genitals exposed.  He actually said, “with my meat and two veg flapping about,” but that’s John for you.  Colourful language on that one.  I’ve learned to swear quite fluently, although I don’t ever think I’ll reach his level of stringing together creative invectives.  I can express filthy thoughts in bed as well as articulate the pain of stubbing my toe.  “Bloody buggering fuck” really does have a nice ring to it.  However, I could recite the alphabet and make John hard.  (He’s got a thing for my voice.)
“Really, Sherlock,” John had said, flopping defeatedly into his chair, “I mean don’t you ever want to just, you know…”
John spends some quality time with Sherlock.  A gardening accident cements John and Molly's friendship.
“I met them.”  Navya grabbed a few napkins and folded, the action automatic now.  “Dr. Watson was very polite.  Kind.  Fit.”  She smiled.  “And Mr. Holmes was…” She paused to find the right word.  “Intense.  Very observant.”
“Blooming heck.  It’s worse than I thought.”
“Person, not people.  Do keep up.  And that is the question, now, isn’t it?” said Sherlock, not even trying to disguise his distaste for the officier.  “The motive?  Revenge.”
“In the car, on the way here, you said that you don’t know anything about me.  I told you that was patently untrue.  You speak the language of feelings.  I speak the language of knowledge, John.  I know things; it is  my job to know things.  I can only tell you what I know.”  He finally opened his eyes and looked at John, who found it very hard to maintain the eye contact under Sherlock’s intense gaze.
“Yeah.  Some of us find it enjoyable.  Necessary, even.”
“I’ll have the aubergine parmigiana,” said John, trying to choose something quickly and wondering if he looked like the kind of man Sherlock would ask out for dinner.  Maybe Sherlock
“Pity, that.  I want a mirror.  I want to see from the front. God, I bet you look amazing.  I want to see you come.  It’s lovely, you know.  Watching you.  Watching you let go.  Jesus, Sherlock, I’m...I’m almost there.”
John relaxed into the embrace, let himself enjoy feeling small for once, wrapped up in Sherlock’s arms and legs.  Sherlock’s skin was warm and slightly damp under his cheek where it pressed into his pectoral.  Under skin and bone, Sherlock’s heart hammered away, the only part of him not to succumb to post-coital lethargy.  John had wondered if sex hormones would work like jet fuel to Sherlock’s mighty brain, whether he would solve a case mid-orgasm or leap from the bed toward the promise of adventure, leaving poor John forgotten and unsatisfied.  It seemed, at least for now, however, that physical and emotional components of sex temporarily overrode Sherlock’s fury of thoughts, and for once, the transport was allowed to indulge in the simple comfort of skin-on-skin.
“Mmm,” said Sherlock, cracking his neck.  “I’m starving.  Should we go out?”
That heart of mine is pumping blood at 92 beats per minute right down to that penis (cock) (prick) of mine.  The brain has decided that the chest is where I should feel love, the place that aches when I look at John, when I touch him, when we part.  It is where I place his hand when I lack the words to tell him.  My heart wants to belong to John, and since I can’t easily carve it from my chest (generally results in death would be more than a bit not good) it has decided it will move its operations (thud, thud, thud) south where John can have easier access.  With every pulse, John holds my lifeblood (bless this, says the heart as it pushes the fluid forward) in his hand, only thin layers of skin separating my blood from his.  He holds my heart in his mouth, sometimes, tongue skimming over the glans, sucking.
To be honest, it was wiser for him to readjust to co-sleeping slowly.  After his divorce John had once again struggled with waking up violently, his body surging with adrenaline, heart pounding in his chest.  Moving from his upstairs room to Sherlock’s didn’t quite cure the problem: sometimes he woke up not knowing where he was.  Sherlock suggested John not keep his pistol in the bedside drawer.  While initially offended, John realised it was sound advice.
“See, there you go,” John replied, smiling.  “Not so hard, after all.”
Sherlock’s legs had begun to twitch.  He grunted something that John took as an affirmative.
Sherlock finds himself distracted.  By John, particularly.  It’s been a very long time since he felt so strongly about something or someone.  He’s markedly happier than he’s been in ages, and the cravings for cocaine have all but disappeared.  His mind is stimulated and business is steady.  And while he still doesn’t talk for days on end or occasionally not even realise John’s not in, his friend’s mere presence -- his possessions (his mug, his chair,
“Cabaret.”
“I got rid of the samples,” he said when John had come back from dressing.
“No, you don’t.  But it amuses me to watch your face.  Come, John.  I shall solve this case in my regular brilliant fashion and then we shall come back here and make a mess of this ludicrous bed.”  And with that, he was out the door.
“Hair, John,” Sherlock replied, as if it were obvious.
Sherlock blinked at him.
In addition, he’d been particularly brilliant in front of Lestrade and his team, and John had said “fantastic!” not once but twice.  John had been acting strangely all day, in fact.  Staring, more than usual that was, at Sherlock’s mouth.
“You with him?” Donovan asked John.  She barked a laugh.  “Fancy that.”
“Oh dear.  Don’t think I could fit into this if I tried.”
Rosie mock-salutes and flips on the kettle.  “How was work?” she asks when Nina’s gone.
“It’s not like you’re predictable.  How am I to know what’s going on up there?  You probably have a whole wing devoted to sex acts in that brilliant mind palace of yours.”
He has at least ten.  Sherlock lifts the violin to his shoulder once more, draws the bow across the strings.  Eurus closes her eyes and sways a bit to the music.  “Well, that confirms
“Just as well he’s up there.  Hmph!  He makes me so angry sometimes.”
Based on a true story.  My mother-in-law did the same thing to my father-in-law during their first year of marriage.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock tries to inhale through his nose but it’s still swollen.  He touches it gingerly.  John.
They wandered about the garden for a while longer, Lestrade having finally got over his initial amazement, and started discussing more practical matters, such as who was going to purchase Molly’s horses and what was going to be done with all the lawn equipment.  Eventually he saw himself out, and John and Sherlock sat on a stone bench by the stump of the plum tree and the just-sprouted forget-me-nots.
The way she says it is so Mary that John can’t help but hiccup a laugh.  “She had a thing for filming stuff.”
“By all means,” John replied as he shivered with pleasure.  “Whatever...floats your boat.”
“Where have you been all week?”  John asked, pushing past Sherlock, who still hadn’t mastered the concept of personal space.
“You’re not at all concerned with, I don’t know, catching the ‘bad guys’?”
care - he was just shit at casual relationships and extremely selective in his emotional ones. John knew now that he had been chosen to receive this secret, cloistered, and emotionally intense and rather vulnerable side of Sherlock, and it was the biggest gift, the biggest miracle he could have ever asked for.  Precious.  Priceless.  And anything but predictable.
“Nonsense, lad,” insisted the shopkeeper.  “I’m 89.  I suppose I still have a bit of a spring in my step, though.  I’d say it’s from clean living but that’d be a lie.  Now, here.  This is it.”  He pulled forth an old volume entitled
“Unbelievable,” said John as Sherlock reeled in his fourth trout.  “It’s completely, totally, and utterly unfair.”
“Ta.  Now,” he said, hoisting himself from the comfortable bed, “I booked us in for dinner tonight, regardless of whether you’re eating.  We’ve got three hours.  Let’s go and check out this spa.”
“I don’t need any help, thank you very much.”
.  “Fucking snag,” he cursed under his breath.  He was still wrangling with it by the time Sherlock had unhooked his fish and added it to the string.
Navya felt her face heat.  It appeared that whatever John Watson had referred to as “complicated” when she first met him Friday was apparently no longer complicated.  It would only be a matter of time before the rest of the staff realised exactly who stayed in the honeymoon suite, and when they heard this juicy bit of gossip…
There’s a brief round of applause following Sherlock’s rendition of “Good King Wenceslas” before he begins on “Silent Night.”  Jeanette stands to refill her wine glass and indicates John should join her; he does.
“Well, it’s aesthetically pleasing.  If a woman’s going to show you her knickers, best not concentrate on what’s under them, not what’s escaping out the sides.  I guess I really don’t have much of a preference when it comes to pubes, Sherlock.  I can’t believe I’m having this conversation with you in a cab at four o’clock on a Thursday afternoon.”
“Did I?”  Sherlock sounded amused.
“Aren’t you going to give me grief about it, then?  Shooting birds?”
John bent a knee up and cursed his short fingers.  It should be right…
“You have lovely fingers,” whispered John aloud.
“Lillian?” asked Sherlock, raising an eyebrow.  He looked impressed.
“Oh!  That’s a lovely idea.  I know!  The Tricycle Youth Theatre. Up in Kilburn.”
John was exhausted on the way to work, nearly falling asleep next to Sherlock as he did research on his mobile.  They parted ways at the train station, with Sherlock pulling a suitcase packed with the boots and his case files behind him.
like Sherlock’s date?
“Strawberry,” he admitted begrudgingly.
“No,” replied Sherlock, depositing his phone again on the nightstand.  “The trial of Ms. Gleason and Leybourne Junior will be tedious, I’m afraid.  They’re denying everything. We’ll have to appear in court.”
“I have very, very sensitive skin!” Sherlock yelled.
John looks up at him, smiles cheekily.  Licks his lips.  He’s finally going to kiss Sherlock Holmes.  “How about,” he whispers in his ear, “we find out?”
The colour drained from Lillian’s face, leaving her as white as the sheet she had clutched to her breast.
“Hey.  Hey, Sherlock.  Wake up.”
“Ah, yes.  You’ll be needing them, correct?”
Mycroft smiled one of his smarmy smiles, but it didn’t quite reach his eyes.  “That won’t be a problem either.  And for God’s sake, don’t shoot anyone.”
“So,” Sherlock says.  “You bring the instrument up to your lips -- don’t try to bend to it, bring it to you.  There.  Yes.  Now, most of the sound comes from your lips.  Focus the stream of air into the instrument -- don’t puff your cheeks out.  Breathe through your mouth, too.  It takes quite a bit of air, so breathe with your diaphragm so you don’t hyperventilate.  Now try making a few different sounds simply by changing your lips.”
They sat for a long while quietly, as the fountain gurgled and the birds came to shake their feathers in the spray.  “I like it here,” said Molly.  “This place has seen its share of sadness, from what I’ve been told.  And I’m going to miss it when they sell it off.  I don’t have much to call my own, you know. But when I’m working in the stables, or the vegetable garden...it’s like my own little piece of the planet.  Well, not mine, really, but entrusted to me.  Borrowed for a while.  It feels like home.”  She blew air out her nose in a little snuffle before finishing her bottle.  “And he doesn’t even know what’s under his nose.”
“Oh God,” said John, pulling his head from the back of the chair and feeling instantly contrite.  “Sorry.  Here, just...hang on…let me...”
“You certainly care about it,” said John taking the moment to determine the state of his own stubble.  He hadn’t shaved that morning - no reason to - and it was starting to itch a bit.  “I know exactly how long you spend on your hair.  Enjoy it while you’ve got it.  Although it shows no signs of falling out.”
“Sugaring.  It’s supposed to be gentler.  I watched it being done and it looked perfectly bearable and...”
Mary purchased for him and went back to his cheap aftershave and deodorant combination, which suits him much better.  In fact, I prefer him that way, sans expensive fragrance, except when it is
“You think I’m dangerous?”
Sherlock twirled his own flower.  Swallowed a few times.  “I am sorry she does not return your affections.  I know I am a...distraction...to her.  Perhaps when I leave you will be able to capture her attention.”
“Do you think he still wears Dr. Martens?”
Apparently not, for Sherlock pulled away and took off his coat.  “I’m going to have a bath,” he said, rubbing his prickly chin.  “I’m dying for a shave.”
“Don’t be.  I’m not.  You can’t miss what you’ve never had.”
Sherlock smiled smugly.  “Public school is an excellent place for building a repertoire of low-brow humour.  And I enjoy insulting my brother at any opportunity.”
Sherlock was breathing rather heavily, and he was covered with powder residue, but he smiled as he looked up from where he was strewn across the man’s back.
“Oh, I know.  It’s just that...he deserves to be happy.”
John told himself as he chewed.  John didn’t date men.  And even if he did, he certainly didn’t date men with dubious moral standards, little empathy, and acidic wit, no matter how smart they were.
-Walt Whitman
“Thank you.”
John relaxed and moved his fingers, flicking, teasing, gently probing, until his hips arched off the bed and his balls began to ache.  “Now,” he whispered, and pushed two fingers in.
“Did he break it?”
“All he had to say was that he was Sherlock Holmes,” said the manager, who was now looking a bit fondly at Sherlock, who still sniffing away.  “I know some of us wouldn’t mind...being deduced.”
But, as any good doctor would tell you, most talented physicians cannot completely separate the flesh from the soul.  What would have made John an exceptional GP, had he chosen that path instead of military service, was the care in which he treated the resident of the body, the way he genuinely cared for his patients, his desire to make better what was ill or broken.  His emotional connection to his patients actually gave him an advantage as a field surgeon, almost as if his love of humanity opened some gateway from his mind to his hands that allowed him to work more quickly, with more precision, with grace, if you will, under extraordinarily stressful conditions.  He was confident and had every right to be.  John Watson was a damn good soldier and damn good doctor.
“Actually, no.  May I speak to Lillian?”
“Quick, John, unbutton your shirt,” said Sherlock, tucking his phone back into the pocket of his coat.
Our Legacy
Sherlock immediately closed up; the mask of indifference slid into place.  “No, it’s not.”  He looked away.  “I won’t be trying that again.”
“My brother?”
“Hey, hey there,” says John.  “Breathe in.  Through your nose.  There you go.  In through the nose, out through the mouth.  There.  There.”  John pats Sherlock’s back, smooths his dirty hair from his forehead.
He barely registered handing Sherlock the spent syringe before massaging the area.  “She’s definitely having an allergic reaction,” he told the group of concerned runners who knelt next to her.  They were all wearing t-shirts whose hems had been cut into something of a fringe.   “Something triggered it.  Are any of you family?”
“...and I figured maybe...it would be more economical...sometime in the future...that is, if you wanted…”
A faint moan floated up from the pit below.
“I’m going to ring Mycroft,” he said quietly, lips just above John’s ears.  “I’d like to be alone for a while.”
“Are you still afraid?” asked John softly.
John was going to allow himself ten minutes to sulk and wait for Sherlock, and then he was going to order dinner and enjoy it, company or no.  He picked a bit at the fine linen of the tablecloth and absently wondered what types of flowers were in the small vase next to the tabletop candle when Sherlock did finally join him.  He’d obviously been outside - cheeks pink and hair wind-tossed.  John thought he looked lovely and even younger, somehow.  Sherlock had a way of doing that - mysteriously appearing anywhere from twenty to forty, his actual age hovering somewhere between the two.
him.  I find him irritating, pompous, cold, and insufferable.”
Mrs. Hudson smiled.  “Yes.  It’s time.”
It took every ounce of control for John not to come right then and there.  Goddamn Sherlock and his voice.  Go slowly.  Right then.  He forced himself to open his eyes, took a deep breath, and pulled back.
“Well, I’m in the ‘carnation room’ downstairs.  If you need something.  And I’m serious.  If you want to come into the clinic I can help you.”
“We are
“Sorry, mate.  Left them in my room.” John gave him an exaggerated frown.
“I have no idea.  Look, Sherlock.  What do they have to do with your father?”
what I’ve been up to.  We kind of reek.”
“I’ve been told I’m not an easy man to love.”
“I was in the RAMC.”
John looked at Sherlock, who was still looking at the table and frowning.
“Maybe I’ll do that again tonight.”
“Well, to be honest, I did at first, too.  But It grew on me.”
He had fallen in love with a man.  And not just any man: a genius man-child with emotional baggage, a drug habit, depression, and destructive tendencies.  He had ‘dangerous’ written all over him.  Plus, Sherlock had even said on multiple occasions that he was not interested in any type of romantic relationship with anyone, and when John even so much as mentioned the word ‘friendship’, the man froze up and retreated.  And yet...and yet there were those moments when Sherlock looked at him a certain way, made suggestive little comments, stood just a little too close… And Sherlock
“I saw it on the telly,” he says, ignoring Mycroft.  “Are you OK?”
It’s at this moment, as John catalogues Sherlock’s unkempt state, that John realizes that there is something in Sherlock’s hair.  He reaches out and tugs.  “Hold still,” he mutters, and attempts to extract the offending thing.  His clumsy fingers eventually pick out a lolly stick.  John holds it up and Sherlock takes it, attempting to analyse it and failing horribly.  All that’s left is a sticky green residue that has collected several strands of Sherlock’s hair.
Feeling awfully twelve for a moment, John bounced on the bed a bit and said, “Oh, Sherlock,” as convincingly as he could muster without laughing.
“Did you really save the cat?”
“Afghanistan.  How did you…?” John trailed off as the man attempted to stand.  Finally realising that he proved no threat, John reached out to help him get up.  The man’s hand was huge and much too warm, and he let go as soon as he was upright.  He climbed into his bed and leaned his head full of curly, sweat-soaked hair against the headboard.  The man was obviously the little boy from the photos, although now his face was angular and aristocratic.
Bodies were bodies to
“Open your legs,” he said.  “Yes.  Like that.”
As it turned out, the shampoo was completely harmless.  It was actually quite nice; it lathered well and had a faintly minty odor.
She smiled sadly and shook her head.  “I really shouldn’t.”
Lillian laughed.  “Well, yes, we have to recoup our costs.  Keeping this place running is a tremendous undertaking, and all of our staff are highly-trained professionals whom we compensate well.  The products we use come from all over the world and are top-of-the-line.  We even make some in-house.  We also keep irregular hours, so that our clients can get the most out of their money.  The spa is open twelve hours a day, seven days a week.  I don’t want to sound discriminatory, Mr. Holmes, but this establishment doesn’t really cater for the hoi polloi.”
“My partner,” Sherlock corrected.
“Neither are my brother’s.”
“I’m fine like this.”
Sherlock thought.  “He read to me, too.  Often.  And we did the garden together.”
“Well, John Watson, if I am gone by then, it was nice to have met you.  You are surprisingly decent company.”
Sherlock hummed appreciatively against his back, then tapped his hip and presumably went off to find the lubricant, wherever he’d stashed it.  Sherlock bashed into a few boxes on the way; John heard him curse under his breath.
“Because it’s not your bloody business, that’s why.”
John smiled at this.  So true.
In spite of himself, John laughed.
“Except to remove them?”
“Oh heavens no!  He helped convict him.  Florida has the death penalty, you know.”
“What’s it look like?  Your rose?  Lestrade says he’s never seen it.”
John smiled and extricated himself from a lapful of lanky detective.  He been hard for God-knows-how-long now and was actually a bit uncomfortable.  “Oh, yeah?  Do I dare ask what you are thinking about?”  He was nearly out of the pool when he felt Sherlock embrace him from behind.
“As I once said, we were close.”
A cursory search through Lillian’s desk showed nothing out of the ordinary, and John knew he couldn’t hack into her computer, so he didn’t even attempt it.  Instead he tried to find the container he’d seen earlier.  In the poor lighting, he’d barely seen it, but when he opened Lillian’s small personal refrigerator, there was no mistaking what the vessel had been: a small coolbox.
“Can you hear me?  Hello?” said an unfamiliar female voice.  “It’s time to wake up.”
Sherlock looked at John, and made an encouraging face.
“Is that why he’s friends with Mycroft?”
Sherlock’s mouth quirked.  He nodded and clinked his glass against John’s before taking a sip himself.
Sherlock fidgeted for a moment.  “John, you are getting dessert, are you not?  I...I like creme bruleé.”
Sherlock isn’t able to play the tuba for a long time.  His lips grow soft and so does his heart.  It’s taken him a very long time, but Sherlock now understands exactly how he feels for his friend: he loves him, he’s in love with him, and he should have said so ages ago, should have realised long before he took a leap off a roof.  The golden instrument sits untouched.  The music in his head is silent.
John tore off the race bib from the front of her shirt, but the back, where he should have been able to read her emergency medical information, was completely obscured by bright pink and yellow powder.  At some point in the race it must have got wet, too, and he couldn’t make it out.  He threw it, useless, to the side.
going to be waxed in the name of science.”
Intimacy is...difficult for me, still.  I’m working on it.  I had insisted on refraining from sex while on a case, but that line of thinking ended with a spectacular row.  Sentiment
?  You throw a fit because I collect a few random, discarded hairs and tell me your body is ‘personal’ and I can’t just take things because they belong to you and you let some man, some
Nevertheless, he still felt awful, and while Sherlock had assured him that he was all right, it didn’t change the fact that John had, with all his might, smashed his elbow directly into Sherlock’s slumbering, slack-jawed face.  His nose had erupted like a fountain.  John was still tending to it when Sherlock’s mobile rang.  Sherlock rode to the crime scene with gauze stuffed up his nose.  Before exiting the cab, he’d plucked each one daintily from each nostril and deposited the bloody things into John’s hands.
“Says you’re a certified genius.”
It was such a vulnerable position, really, thought John as Sherlock licked at him, to be on your back, legs splayed apart, your bits and bobs in someone else’s mouth.  And Sherlock’s no less; his mouth was the most dangerous part about him.  Capable of so much pain in the form of cutting insults or too-honest and ill-timed deductions, it was also a brilliant mouth, one from which poured forth fascinating monologues and incredible facts and sarcastic rejoinders.  One which kissed John with exceptional skill, one which tongued and sucked and bit in all the right ways.
Since becoming John’s lover, Sherlock had taken quite a bit of interest in the transport: the physicality of his body, so long ignored, proved to be...not boring.  He’d learned that a spot behind his ear was particularly sensitive under the application of John’s tongue, and that the backs of his knees were an erogenous zone.  He’d known how nearly every part of himself reacted to pain, but learning pleasure was far more intriguing.  In the six months or so he and John had been intimate, Sherlock had learned how to balance his libido with the Work, and, with the exception of a few frustrating arguments early on (turned out that a blowjob
“It cost £8,225.56,” says Sherlock, (John’s eyes widen),“and you won’t break it.”
John’s eyebrows came together.  What?
“Does your mother know you were at the Sugarmill last night?” he asked.
“Her mother?” asked John.  “She’s a grown woman, Sherlock.”
“Apparently the heat has caused everyone to sit home and be miserable.  Odd, that.  Usually hot weather escalates crime.  Anyway, no.  The good people of Leeds have been behaving themselves and the country folk couldn’t muster up a good mystery if they tried.  I have been researching, however.”
John didn’t know what to do with that, so he looked back down at the ground and nodded.  “I understand,” he murmured. He would never lie to Sherlock.  He couldn’t, even if it meant life or death.  Lying was not in his nature, and he considered it the gravest of transgressions.  But he understood.  He would kill for Sherlock.  He already had, without a second thought.
“I’ll never solve this case if I cannot think, and I cannot think because of you.  You’re driving me mad.”
He smiles and manages to sleep.
By the time they made it back to their room - John with a slightly wonky gait - it was nearly 5am, and Sherlock seemed to be back on the case.  John had insisted on showers, even though he was a bit waterlogged; the salt would dry uncomfortably and the next time he tasted Sherlock’s skin, he wanted it less seasoned.
“Sherlock…” John warned.
“Dreadfully dull.  Posing for photographs.  Spare me.”
“The sepals, there, contain the flower within.  Rapid cellular elongation within the petals themselves will force the sepals apart.  They will peel back so the rose can bloom properly.”
Sherlock changed a slide on his microscope, not even bothering to look over.  “The work is important.  The work needs me, and I need you.  Ergo, it is to everyone’s benefit that you are always available to me.  The rules are not stupid, as you say.”
“You have a sock index?”
“...please a raging size queen!!”
“Mary?”
“Friends.”
“Maybe they were making up for lost time.”
“Unfortunately, yes.  So, do you have an eidetic memory, then?”
John scrunched his eyebrows together.  “Pardon?”
John poured a generous amount of oil into his right hand and dumped what was rest over the cleft of Sherlock’s arse, just in case.
The woman shrugged.  “She’s not a marathon runner or anything.”
“Well, you can’t just give these away.  These are important.”
Chapter 21:  Breaking Ground
Indefinite thanks to Bettyswallocks and Canola Crush for their bang-up beta work.  It's funny what happens with language when you put an American, Canadian, and Briton together. Why is a ladybug called a ladybird? It's not a bird!  It's a bug!!!  Ladybug!  I guess it should just be called "red bug with black spots".  Anyway, they do a wonderful job and I appreciate them both and their attention to detail.
“You’ll be all right?” he asks finally.
“Not good?”
Across the room, a door opened.  John had never been so irritated with -- and yet thankful for -- the interruption of the officer in charge coming to tell them the suspect was ready for questioning.  Sherlock bounded out of his seat.  John took a deep breath, casually adjusted himself, and followed.
John nodded.  “Yeah.  All that crying tired me out...”
Sherlock arched an eyebrow at him from his place at the kitchen table.  “Say what you mean,  John.  Have intercourse?”
“Jesus,” said Lestrade.  “Are they always like this?”
“Oh,” Sherlock says.  “Didn’t think you’d be home for another hour at least.”  He opens his mouth to begin a let-me-deduce-what-happened speech but John quiets him with a look.
a drink.
“We might never find out, Sherlock.  But we should at least try, while we can.  I’ll help you in any way I’m able.”
“Your husband was a small arms dealer?”
Sherlock relaxed and kissed back, his tongue slick against John’s own.
“I want you,” Sherlock said softly as he kissed the skin he revealed.  He said it over and over, as if he were surprised by his own need, as if he’d never before wanted anyone.  Maybe, John wondered, he hadn’t.  So with every iteration, John returned the sentiment with his fingers, lips, and tongue.  He was so turned on, his body ready for sex, but it was more than that.  Something deeper, indefinable, even, born of friendship and fondness.  And then there was the thrilling nature of the forbidden and the novelty of pleasuring a man.  What he’d done with Murray that one time lasted maybe ten minutes and, for all its raw intensity, was nothing about exploration and everything about impulse.  What he was now entering with Sherlock was so different.
Oh. God.
“It’s just a patch of land.”  He shrugged and tried his best to look unfazed.
“John and I have very important business to attend to,” he politely told  the local force’s equivalent of Sally Donovan, before extricating John from a very distressed Leybourne Senior, whose portrait would likely be the last weak-chinned Leybourne to grace the main entry.
“No, Greg.  This has been a strange enough week as it is.  I do
“You arse!” she laughed.
John responded instantly, the muscles of his arsehole twitching in anticipation.  Sherlock had taught him how to relax there, how to prepare for penetration, and while he took a bit more preparation than Sherlock did, he no longer needed more than a few minutes of foreplay and gentle touch before his hole loosened enough to take fingers or cock.
Thanks to the usual suspects!  Here's your garden, BitterGreens!
“Yeah, you would.  Fairly sure you’ve deduced everything there is to deduce about me.”
Sherlock plucked something from the stack of papers and went to sit at Mycroft’s desk where he could spread everything out.
sleep, and it seemed his body was still used to it.  He rubbed a hand over his face when the train lurched to a stop and hoped his hair wasn’t too ruffled.
“Missed
pissed off.  Always wanted to see the inside of that garden.”
John opened his mouth to politely decline, but then shut it again.  What the hell.  Why not?  He was hungry, and he had liked Mike.  They had been friends once, ages ago. He remembered having dinner at Mike and Margaret’s shortly after they got engaged.
“Okaaaay.  I’ll keep the offensive fuzzy pink handcuffs in my sock drawer.  Anything else?”
he thought, lying flat on his back bleeding to death under the Afghan sun,
“And he told his father.  I don’t know exactly what happened, but the police came to our house.  Mum denied everything, said nothing was happening, that Sherlock was a freaky little boy who enjoyed causing problems and put his nose where it didn’t belong.”  She cringed a bit as she said it.  “My sisters said nothing.  Shortly after, we moved back to Leeds.”
John scrolled through the advertisements for flats in London.  There was nothing he could afford on his own, and he sure as hell was NOT going to stay with Harry long-term.  He’d only been with her for a week and he had nearly had enough.  She was sober, at least, but a sober Harriet’s reservoir of sympathy was only so deep.   She constantly reminded him to do his exercises, nagged him about eating, and talked about making a “household chore” list as if they were sharing a student flat.
“The flower!” yelled Sherlock again.  “You took his buttonhole!  And you still have it.”  Sherlock twirled around and gestured to the walls of books.
“Well, come on.  We’ll see what
Food, drink, pulse, digestion, sweat, sleep, walking, swimming,
“What about Johnson?”
“A glass of water would be lovely,” said John.  “Mind if I sit down?”
“It’s not every day you turn sixty-one.”
John heard Molly begin telling Sherlock the details of the deceased, whom, from where John was standing, looked fairly young and in good health.
John woke up to Sherlock gently shaking his shoulder.  He blinked, took a deep breath, and attempted to dislodge a kink in his neck.
“Anyway,” said Sally, getting back to business.  “I didn’t get much more out of her, except she did say she was at that party you mentioned.  There was a treasure hunt.  Your dad gave all the kids a list of things to find and return to him, things you could find around the estate.  An acorn, a pinecone, a sprig of ivy, that kind of thing.  My sister was older than the other kids, and smarter.  While they all took off, willy-nilly, looking for the items, she sat down and made a plan.  She worked clockwise around the entire yard and finished first.  This is what she won.”
John smiled at a salesperson who approached and asked him if he needed help choosing shampoo.  Some of the prices advertised were worth nearly a day’s worth of John’s salary at the surgery.  He smiled politely and told the girl he was waiting for someone.
Thoughts.  Stupid, stupid thoughts.   John always  hated when inklings of jealousy would bloom - ugly little weeds - simply because he knew that if he weren’t such a coward there would be no need for jealousy.  They loved each other in their own weird, fucked-up way.
“I’ve said something wrong.”
“John!” he said.
He immediately looked to his left, where a sex-dishevelled consulting detective was gingerly holding what remained of Mrs. Hudson’s vintage chinchilla-fur muff.
“Yes, I do believe he would,” said Mr. Chapman.
So he did.
John handled the tattered tome carefully.  “I know someone who might like this,” he said.
These were good things to know when making love to the world’s only consulting detective.
“Scream so loudly they’ll hear me downstairs.”
He departed, leaving John and Sherlock to stare at each other across the table.  John had finished his meal; Sherlock clearly had eaten what he was going to.
“I have to admit, it does sound suspicious.  But does that have anything to do with my sisters?”
“Um,” said Sherlock, taking a deep breath.  “Yes.  It would appear so.”
Perverse Alchemy
“It is a motive.”
“Sorry.  Right.  Flatshare.”
“My father was killed in the garden when I was 13.  I was supposed to have been helping him.  There was this plum tree.  Blasted thing was prone to diseases and too old to really produce any good fruit any more, but my father loved the damn thing.  As a child I was interested in gardening with him.  He taught me the names of the flowers and everything I really needed to know about basic biology.  My father wasn’t brilliant, not like my mother.  But he was intelligent enough and knew rather a lot about the things he found interesting.  But by the time I’d entered into my teen years, I’d become sullen and moody.  More so than the average teen.  I’d been a difficult child, and my adolescence was particularly awkward.  I already had very little use for the things other teens seemed to want: friends, video game systems, sports, going to parties.  Everyone was boring and stupid.”
Greg listened, snorting into his beer at the appropriate moments.
John re-oiled his hands, looked at the long torso in front of him, and made an executive decision.  He slid back a bit on Sherlock’s legs, so that his balls were tucked up against Sherlock’s calves, and then took that perfect arse in his hands.
“The flower!” Sherlock yelled.  “The buttonhole!”
“May I touch your arse?”
“He has nowhere left to go.  He doesn’t know it yet, but he was evicted from his flat a week ago.  None of his relatives can stand him, he has no friends, and what little money he has left is in my control.”  Mycroft’s expression softened a little.  “Besides, he’d never admit it, but he doesn’t mind it here.  It’s quiet.  He likes quiet once and awhile.  His head gets...noisy.”
“Synthetic fur. I hate it.”  He pursed his lips in disgust and frowned, then shuddered, a full-body affair.  “Ugh.  Vile texture.  Do
John laughs with relief.  He turns his attention to the tuba, which is lying on the coffee table.  He rolls up his sleeve and inserts his arm into the bell, feels around a bit.  Sherlock glowers, simmering with loathing, as John calmly walks into the kitchen, procures a fork, and prepares for minor surgery.  A moment later, he retracts a browning apple.  “There,” says John, “all better.”
Eventually, hot and sweaty under the covers, John had moved away from Sherlock’s side, only to be found again by long arms and legs, and for a good hour or so they rolled around, both half asleep, trying to figure out the logistics of the thing.
“You can’t prove it,” he heard the barman say.
(See the end of the chapter for
“What’s so unusual about this ‘Fountain of Youth’, then?  Sounds like a standard spa package, from what I can tell.”
Sherlock swiftly inverted the muff in a blur of long fingers, grey fur, and soft silk.
“Anything important?”
Mycroft nodded.  “Please.”
Sherlock cleans his nose, gingerly wiping it with a warm wet flannel.  His lip needs ice or it will swell so badly he won’t be able to play.  He hasn’t touched the tuba in two years and it’s the only thing that can comfort him now.
.  I know I love you.  I know I want you.  Isn’t that a good enough answer?”
thought John.  He skimmed his hand over one of the crates.  “Are all of these textbooks?”
“Yes.”
“Get those blasted roses to bloom?”
“Is that even your real name?”
John nodded politely.  She really was a talker.
Mrs. Hudson looked sad.  She busied herself in washing a teacup.  “Off with you, then,” she said after a moment.  “It’s a long and sad story, and not mine to tell.”
“All the things you were, you daft git.  Still am, a bit.  Like it’s too easy.  Like there’s still something I don’t know, something absolutely ruinous, and this whole thing will explode on me and...Jesus.”  He pushed at Sherlock a bit then, laughing.  “It’s too early for deep shit.”
“It’s all good.  Just keep going,” Sherlock moaned into the pillow, where he lay face down naked on his bed, John crouched over him, touching him slowly with long, broad strokes of his fur-encased hand.  Once John started on his lower back, though, Sherlock gave up all scientific pursuit of knowledge in lieu of simply feeling.  It was hypnotic, and Sherlock was lost in a sleepy, warm haze of sensation.  John was tracing patterns on his skin, down his torso, over his bum, across his thighs and back up.  How many minutes passed this way Sherlock couldn’t calculate for the life of him.  A meteor could have destroyed half of London and it would be of no concern to him.
“Yes.”
Oh, Sherlock.
“Ethquisitely.”
They stood in the doorway for a moment, John trying to get a grip, trying to find the usual balance he had with Sherlock, the brotherly camaraderie, the familiar presence.  His heart searched, hoping that what they had wasn’t irrevocably lost.
“Not as much as yours are, I don’t think,” John said.  John explored the texture of the nub, petted the little hairs around it, before he gave the nipple a gentle tweak.  Sherlock sighed.  “I do like them sucked, though.”
“Rimming,” I say, drawing the word the word out in my deepest register.  Yes, John.  I do, without question.
“Here?”
John wasn’t thinking of kissing him after all. He can feel himself blushing furiously, the skin of his cheeks flaring with heat.  It’s an alien feeling, a strange and ugly full-body wash of shame.
“Are they friendly?” asked John, joining her in front of the big animal.
He was examining the back of the wall when he heard a door shut to his right, from the patio area.  Then, a man wearing a thick woollen cap turned the corner, a big yellow labrador trotting along at his heels.
“No, really.”
John waited, his aggravation dissipating.  “No, Sherlock.  It’s about pleasure. So don’t even tell me you don’t know just how many nerve endings are in fingertips or lips. Because you do.  It’s about self-gratification, about feeling that you’re worth something.  You should, by all accounts, enjoy it, you, who has to be the centre of attention, upstaging a goddamn corpse.   It’s more than feeling good, though, it’s about wanting and being wanted.  Sometimes,  it’s even about love!”  he finished, voice dripping sarcasm, before instantly regretting it.  He sighed, feeling at once great pity for his closest friend.  “Look, it’s fine.  Just...it’s fine.”
“Well, there’s this one garden that’s locked up.  Has been for over a two decades now.  I've never seen it.  ”  She leaned in conspiratorially.  “It belonged to the late Mr. Holmes.  From what I've heard, a kinder man never walked this planet.  See, well.  There was an accident” she whispered.  “No one talks about it anymore.  It’s still a very distressing to Mycroft and... and everyone.  So Archibald Holmes' garden stays locked.  I hear he hated that name; everyone called him Archie.  Loved to tend the earth so, when they were here.  It was his wife who was so brilliant.  She’d be studying or writing, mathematics, it was, and he’d potter about in that garden of his.  They tell me this place never lacked for fresh flowers, never.  He said “grow” and they’d just spring right out of the ground.”
Sherlock inhaled deeply then let it out in a shaky huff.
“Don’t you get hungry?”
), my need dissolving into the drivel on the pages of a romance novel (turgid flesh, engorged member, throbbing cock).  Yet it is what it is: He has a gorgeous arse.  I want to put my cock in it.  I want to be inside him, want to part his cheeks and penetrate him, watch his anus stretch around me, feel his heat.
“Did you take care of the children?”
hurt you.”
He gave the book to John, who studied the cover.  It was still in very good condition; the artwork on the cover (a fairy woman with long hair and a flowing gown held her hands out to catch a silver butterfly) wasn’t badly faded or worn, although the spine and corners of the cover showed signs of use.  John could tell the book had been well-loved.
“I shoot very well.” A muscle twitched in John’s jaw.
For a few long moments Sherlock stayed still, eyes flickering over the body, mind engaged.  John looked away from the man’s naked arse, which was, indeed a very nice-looking arse as far as bodies went, and Molly gaped at Sherlock in something between horror and infatuation.
“Oh.”
He had an affinity for sticking his nose in other people’s crotches and giving them a good sniff by way of greeting.  Wet nose right in the bollocks.  Embarrassed the hell out of Mycroft.  Redbeard would sit there on the stoop, tongue hanging out, tail wagging, waiting eagerly to investigate whomever Mycroft would bring home: friend, potential girlfriend, or business colleague.  Regardless of how many times we’d scold him, he’d just sidle up and give the newcomer a big sniff right in the privates, then reject them, soundly, and return to my side, where he spent most of his time.
- or helped up -
“She?”
The intense, weird, joyous feeling continued to radiate from John’s gut, a delightful yet nervous fluttering that brought back memories of first times: a kiss, a surgery, a battle.  A chase through dark alleyways after a murderous cabbie, through mist-filled hollows, through the web of a spider.  It propelled him from his chair.  He crossed the few steps between them, knelt beside Sherlock, and placed his hand on his knee as he’d done once before.  He didn’t mind then, and he didn’t mind now.
“Boring.”
The text from Mike came through.  He opened it. The picture showed an enormous manor house.  Beneath it, the description ran:
“Have you finally worn yourself out?”
Sherlock deduces.  “French horn,” he says at last.
as he waited for Sherlock to get ready.  Mike, bless him, had been more than accommodating in letting Sherlock tour his lab, and John sincerely hoped his new friend wouldn’t burn his bridges before they were even built.  They were expected in Leeds at ten and he’d hoped to catch the 8 o’clock train, but Sherlock seemed to be taking his sweet time doing whatever he was doing.  John was about to text him to tell him to get a move on when he appeared in the doorway.  Or at least some very good-looking and put-together version of the man he’d hitherto seen in scruffy T-shirts, old pyjamas, and a dressing gown.
LESTRADE
begin resolving this situation. But I warn you, it’s going to be difficult, she has all the advantages here. As I said, however, it's up to you to decide this time. I have no right to dictate you what to do.“
“I really do believe it’s time to stop pretending, Sherlock.“ John drops his voice, deep and husky, making Sherlock’s body respond in hundreds of different ways.
“Well,“ Sherlock’s voice dropped low and hazy but he kept his eyes fixed on John. It wasn’t until now that John realised how red and glazy those heavenly blue eyes actually were. Sherlock must’ve been crying for hours. “If I simply gave up,“ Sherlock continued, “I - I would hurt you again, being fully aware of what I was doing. I couldn’t have let that happen. I don’t want to hurt you ever again, John.“
DISSOLVE TO:
John opened his mouth to agree, but decided against it in the end. No words were needed. He simply smiled at Sherlock, heart-warming smile of sincerest adoration, before he leaned in for another messy but nonetheless perfect kiss.
“Short stuff here is your boyfriend?” Marco sniggers, glaring down at John with utter contempt.
He didn’t let go for a second, not even when they were getting into the vehicle, not while taking the ride to the hospital. Sherlock wasn’t able to answer the questions medics were asking him, he was concentrating on nothing but John’s face and his almost ice cold hand resting in his own.
Suits?
No. I mean, I don't... that's not what I wanted to...um-
“This is completely unnecessary, John. I’ve already cleaned-“
. Not worthy your attention. But you, you’re… you are-“
What options do I have? I take it you've figured out who she is. What she is capable of. It's for the best if we don't pursue her. You can only imagine what people like her do to those they find inconvenient.
On Sherlock and-
John, comes to a halt, eyes on Sherlock. Frowning, a little concerned.
Holding on...
and...
“John? Are you listening to me?” Sherlock huffs, affronted by the possibility that John is ignoring him.
“No, I
(coldly)
MARY (V.O.)
“No, no, no, sit back, Sherlock, it’s alright.“ John assured him, gently gripping him by his wrist and so coercing the man to listen to him. As Sherlock slouched back on the chair, the beeping calmed down and John’s heartbeat did the same but the man himself was still panting hard as if he just ran a marathon.
SHERLOCK
, let me walk through,“ he insisted, but she didn’t seem to be listening.
“Mad?“ John raised an eyebrow, sitting down on his heels. “No, Sherlock, I know you’ve meant
“It wasn’t the first time,“ Mycroft remarked, then paused to step closer and lay a hand over Sherlock’s shoulder. “And I am fairly convinced… not the last either. John is going to pull through, just wait. Believe. He’s strong and brave, your doctor is going to be safe and sound in no matter of time.“
“It wouldn’t have any effect whatsoever. We can’t talk to each other like we’re mechanically reciting lines, Sherlock. It has to come naturally, on the spur of the moment.”
CUT TO:
(her voice starts to shake)
“I know you do. And you’re right, you know.“
(shrugs)
Sherlock barely finishes, he hurries to scramble over John and quickly rolls out of the bed. He takes a moment to stretch his arms, grabs his gown from the hanger on the wall and then, only then, he looks back at John. Smiling like nothing happened.
One more deep breath, then he pushes the door open.
Just as John is about to make it possibly even more embarrassing, precisely
He was gazing at the phone in his hands, his fingers hovering haltingly in the air as he wondered what words to type. Sherlock hasn’t seen Mary for about a month, not since the day the plane he was sitting in turned around and landed back on the ground, the day Sherlock escaped what should’ve been his last flight. Once Sherlock walked down the stairs they exchanged few glances and fake glittering smiles, but then he got into the car along with Mycroft and hasn’t talk to her ever since, for until now at least.
Mary’s brow rose. “He told you?“
only because of the case and now that we're done, there's technically no need to anymore, but... to be entirely fair, it would be odd if we all of a sudden quit. We've been presenting ourselves as doting partners ever since we arrived and if we're to stay, we should stick to our roles unless we want to draw unnecessary attention to ourselves. Plus... we can't let Mycroft win the bet, can we?”
SHERLOCK
Sherlock delivers his monologue with such serious face, John has troubles resisting an urge to kiss the tiny crinkle above his nose.
And it's about time we start acting like it.
it reached this point and God, despite everything, it’s beginning to look like the best evening of their lives.
“You don’t say,“ Sherlock cried out, slowly losing temperance. “I have his blood on my clothes as you can see, I am very well aware of what happened last night- no, don’t look at me like that, God, I am not the one who shot him. I am one of the very few people who truly care about him, John has no living relatives. Apart from his dotty alcohol-addicted sister, he’s got no one but me, you
it and set it on fire so it would hurt the worst.“
“Now you really don’t need this any more.“ John says after a moment, reaching to untie the scarf around Sherlock's eyes but Sherlock grips his wrist instead, tired but strangely suggestive smile crossing his lips.
(huffs,points at Sherlock)
“Of course I do remember, Sherlock. It’s the first one you played when teaching me how to dance. I’ve always loved it. Simple but...
Sherlock seemed to be quite concerned, noticing how John tensed up all of a sudden, but he smiled nevertheless, deciding to not dwell upon the subject. “I know you will. Thank you, John. But don’t you dare to not sleep yourself,“ he added. “You don’t have to patrol the whole night.“
DR. MASON
Sherlock let out another sigh. “That's not what I meant.” He lifted himself up from the sofa and took only the smallest step toward John, trying to ignore the pain in his back. His skin was practically burning and his bones still ached from when John had tackled him to the restaurant floor but he couldn't blame him, really. And he surely wasn't going to bring up the incident now.
am supposed to be playing in this petty drama of yours.”
This time Sherlock doesn’t even need to think especially hard, he knows exactly what John is about to do. He can feel his heart pounding faster at the notion, even skipping a beat once John leans in and licks the fabric of his pants, breathing in the strong, almost intoxicating musky scent, stroking Sherlock’s cock with his palm and lips through the thin layer of cloth before he bites down on the waistband and pulls Sherlock’s pants down, finally releasing the tension that’s been building up for so long.
That's not what I meant. Why are you... here? With me? You could be anywhere else.
? I am just stating the truth.”
“I am not
“And by that you mean... monitor our guy?”
. John catches him smiling but doesn't let him comment on what's just happened.
Oh, you're such an idiot. I knew exactly what you were going to do. I have you right where I wanted.
“Precisely,” Sherlock nods, then takes a small step forward to shorten the gap between them. “Go on. Flirt with me. We have to make the best possible impression.”
“Sherlock, I am not answering,“ he shook his head, reacting to another one of Sherlock's questioning looks. “I already tried talking to her, you know, she - she had accused me of being a terrible husband for
“Beautifully innocent, Sherlock,“ John breathed out.
afraid of losing me. I have never believed there’d be
SHERLOCK (CONT'D)
The woman lets out a small exasperated sigh and closes her eyes for a moment. She doesn't seem exactly pleased to be there. Harrington must have been badgering her for a while now, Sherlock assumes.
“We’ll see about that.“
, you don’t have to restrain from saying it, Sherlock.“ John ignored the shivers crawling down his spine upon uttering the word. He was more concerned about the fact that Sherlock, who was constantly swallowing in nervousness, might faint any second. John wasn’t sure how he was supposed to soothe him without crossing a barrier Sherlock wasn’t prepared for yet, but leaving him to deal with this situation on his own was out of the question. So John stretched out his hands, his voice soft and smooth as he reached for Sherlock.
“No, I owe you an
SHERLOCK
SHERLOCK
“Obvious enough?“ John murmured. He could feel Sherlock stiffening for a moment, leaving out a small, surprised whimper but once John ever so soothingly ran a hand down his back, he melted into his embrace as if the heaviest burden was lifted off his shoulders. He seemed to relax enough to put his arms around John’s waist, first too shy to pull John even closer but after a moment he tightened his grip as well.
“Oh, I can think of a
“Oh, Sherlock,“ he said softly, reaching for Sherlock’s hand. “I wish we haven’t wasted so much time. We could’ve had this-“
Sherlock looks away again, a little embarrassed. “It was just an idea,” he mutters.
“Thank you,“ he says, barely a whisper.
Sherlock barely manages to finish his sentence, John is doing exactly
Sherlock?
? Possibly yes. But it doesn’t stop John from returning the smile. “I
, almost desperately.
He dithers for a split second, then bends over Sherlock, grabs the duvet and ever so gingerly pulls it over him again. And just like that, a small loving smile starts to spread across his lips. He can't help it. Nor he can help brushing the few errant strands of curls off Sherlock's forehead.
“Easy, John, I know your body far too well. If we’re going to waste any more time it’s going to be three very soon.“
SHERLOCK
“I thought you liked
Sherlock does attempt to protest but John has already begun to walk away. Knowing he’s lost the argument, Sherlock sulks for a moment or two but it takes only a little while before his pout morphs into a fond, besotted smile. He wouldn’t ever admit that out loud, or at least not yet, the truth, however, is that he feels extremely flattered by how much John cares about him and his well-being.
“Oh, no, I am really not.
Sherlock’s soft voice pulled John out of his nostalgic state of mind.
you with all my quivering body and fuck, what-what you did there, that was
Remember what Jimmy said at the pool, Sherlock: I will burn the heart out of you... And both you and I know that your heart has only one reason to beat.
JOHN (CONT'D)
(A beat)
, I was all yours the moment you stepped into the lab,“ he says with a smirk, albeit still rather innocent. “You had me at ‘
Up until they arrived at the destination that is. As soon as the car stopped, Sherlock was the first one to fling out. He rushed toward the front door, glancing neither at John nor the driver so John had no other option but to pay for the car himself, as always.
Sherlock gulps, throwing a furtive look at John. He expects him to correct Angelo’s absurd assumption, but for about a dozenth time that evening, John surprises him once again.
John’s eyes slowly flutter open again. He can feel his lips spreading into the widest grin, even though he’s half asleep and can’t see much of Sherlock’s face for it is illuminated only by the moonlight that’s peeking through the windows.
love me back is enough,“ Sherlock confessed, shutting his eyes tight for a brief second. “I thought you didn’t… I didn’t know-“
Why, you and John, of course. You've been together for months.
Dull. I suggest we pretend we're not home and stay in bed all day. We have a lot of catching up to do.
“Can I make a request?”
Sherlock sitting in his chair. This time, however, John is half-sitting on the arm of Sherlock's chair. Arms crossed over his chest.
in the same time thought of informing Mycroft about it? Five seconds prior to that you didn't want to go at all!”
“God, I think I forgot to buy corn crisps-“
he's planning, but whatever it is, I'd wager he means to ruin everything me and my father worked so hard to achieve. Take a moment to imagine what a disaster that would be. I cannot let that happen.”
Sherlock stared at him perplexed, only vaguely aware of John’s arm that sneaked around his waist. He still didn’t quite process the fact that John was indeed there, keeping his word that he wasn’t going to leave him. John even walked him towards his chair, supporting his body as if he was an injured soldier who needed to be carried off the battlefield.
be,“ John insisted. “It was a stupid idea to ask you. I will never try that again,
“Well, sure you didn’t. I did my best to hide my obsession with you,“ John tittered but Sherlock didn’t find any of that funny, not at all.
“Oh, there’s a lot more, but the point already stands. You are a
SHERLOCK (CONT'D)
Holding on for a few moments. We see several guests seated on both sides of the aisle. By the altar - the Vicar and John and Sherlock's best men - Lestrade. Major Sholto.
SHERLOCK
To John's relief, Sherlock doesn't linger around too long. The next thing he knows, Sherlock strips off his shirt and with a tantalising grin on his face, he plunges into the pool.
It’s not until now that John pulls back and with a half confused frown and still on his knees he crawls around Sherlock so he can face him. “Request?” He sits down on his heels, raising an eyebrow. “What kind of a request?”
The air is bleak. Mrs. Merrilow - looks horrified, still.
, John, I-“
“That’s- that’s great, because I thought that maybe we could… go out together.“ The last three words he all but mumbles, talking to a random spot on the floor rather than John.
be upset.“
Dr. Mason, throws a stern glance at Nurse Ferguson.
whenever you smile at me, why I feel so
John lets out but a sigh, gazing at Sherlock for long ten seconds before finally offering a reply. He couldn’t say no to those puppy eyes even if he wanted to and he really,
“Do you... want to stop?” Sherlock asks after a moment of heavy silence, but his voice cracks at the last word, refusing to cooperate any further. Seeking hope and reassurance, he gazes deep into John's eyes, begging not to be rejected. Begging to be kissed again.
“We should go upstairs,“ he suggested. “Quite frankly, I’d like to avoid meeting Mrs Hudson.“
(blinks)
“If I did… I-I wouldn’t let you,“ Sherlock gasped once John pressed his body against him, holding him steadily by his hips.
On Sherlock's face, there's uncertainty in his eyes. He just stands there, in the middle of the room, wavering. A few moments pass, then suddenly, he turns swiftly around, blurting out -
I am not giving it that title, Sherlock.
“John, the devil never sleeps,“ Sherlock uttered, eyes locked upon the screen. “I was wrong… we can’t waste any more time.“ As soon as his phone beeped once more, Sherlock dialled up Mycroft’s number and a half an hour later the three of them were seated in the sitting room, sipping the tea Mrs Hudson just brought. Sherlock had to put a scarf around his neck in order to not reveal the hickey John gave him, but his brother didn’t even seem to be questioning it.
My whole life I could rely on my mind but now... It's betraying me. Nothing in the world makes any sense to me, John. It's like I've been thrown back in time. Hear how that sounds? Foolish. And yet I am supposed to accept it, just like that. I don't know what to believe anymore, do you understand?
“I don’t know about you, but I do need to sleep, Sherlock,” John utters, adjusting his pillow, then lies down on his left side, so he’s still facing Sherlock.
“I am an exceptionally fast thinker, John.”
Once again, John watched the clear water for a minute before turning around.
“Yes,” Sherlock said. “He was as fascinated as I am,” he added sarcastically.
He got up to follow her. Once the bags were found, he began to pack his own things.
"God," Sherlock said, pulling off John and standing up. "I need you to touch me." He pulled open his own trousers, letting them drop to the floor and grabbing at one of John's hand, leading it to his own cock. He then gripped John, starting a smooth, slow stroke on his wet, warm cock.
“I don’t think I did,” Sherlock said. “I didn’t hate the act of kissing -- maybe it would have been okay if I’d like the person, but seeing as how I don’t really like anyone, I’m not in a hurry to do it again, I guess.”
"I was their 1000th customer -- the dinner for free," John said.
He opened his eyes. “But that’s not for while, right?” he asked.
John smiled and climbed over Sherlock to straddle his hips. He started with his hands, moving them over Sherlock's shoulders and chest before leaning down to kiss him.
“You’re flattering,” Sherlock said. “Me, I mean. I don’t know why . . . is this because you’ve not been able to go on any dates.”
"So . . . it's true then," Sherlock stated.
Sherlock wrapped his arms around John’s body and kissed his mouth. Tonight everything was different, but he also knew that everything was how it should be.
John shook his head. "No. Um . . . what about the other thing. Do you want to talk about that?"
Sherlock arrived at Scotland Yard and was locked into a small room with the evidence. It took him all day, but he found what Lestrade needed. He left feeling proud -- not because of Lestrade’s praise, but because he’d enjoyed the challenge and had met it. He spent the next day lazily -- first by sleeping much later than he’d intended to and next by helping Mrs Hudson shift the furniture around her flat. It was quite boring, but he did his best to tolerate her indecision and nitpicking.
“It’s romantic,” Molly corrected him. “That’s all that matters. To me, at least -- I know you don’t feel the same.”
"Obviously," John said. He moved to his chair and took out his laptop to log in.
"You should know, I'm excellent at poker," Sherlock said, sitting forward in his chair a little. "Excellent," he repeated.
John stuck his tongue out before going to the bathroom and getting ready for bed. He came back and climbed in. "Don't kick me like last time," he teased.
Sherlock looked at John. Of course, he was right -- it’d been ridiculous of Sherlock to expect them both to pretend, even for a moment. He put his head down, covering his face with his hands for a moment. “I’m sorry,” he mumbled, trying to hold back tears.
John gasped softly and then groaned Sherlock's name as he came, bucking into his hand. His free hand gripped Sherlock's hair and kissed him hard.
"John! It’s going to be dark soon. Where are you going -- no. Let me guess. Sherlock's?"
"We'll see what happens," he smiled. "I'll text you."
John blinked up at Sherlock, regretting trapping himself against the counter. "What?"
“Quite the opposite,” Sherlock said, reaching over and tickling John’s thigh before beginning to stroke his cock. “I wasn’t lying – I’m so close. I want to make you come with me.” He leaned in and began sucking the skin on John’s neck.
"You don't have to come with me when I work. And I won't be doing that for too much longer," he said.
John nodded, trying to imagine Sherlock's parents and what this holiday might be like. "I think he will be okay. I don't know about Mycroft though."
"Do you mean you said things or he did?" she asked, but she didn't let him answer. "He told me."
Sherlock moved his head toward John’s ear, letting his cheek brush against John’s. “All right,” he said.
Sherlock didn’t say anything. He stayed on the bench, wishing he could call John and tell him about what happened. They hadn’t talked in so long, but Sherlock knew John would know the right thing to say.
That’s what Sherlock wanted to say. But instead he added:
“Hypothetically living together, you mean,” Sherlock said. “I’m not quite sure of the steps, but if we were to live together, I think that would probably need to be that. I mean, I don’t doubt I was incredibly charming at Molly’s wedding, but you might not find me as charming on a regular basis. Perhaps tolerating each other should be the level of expectation we should both agree to.”
"Are you trying to drug me again?" John asked. He stood up. "Besides, I don’t wear pajamas. I sleep in my boxers and a t-shirt."
“Does this mean I should expect our pipes to burst at some point? I was sure you said your work was guaranteed.”
John nodded. "I am -- I want you."
"Good -- no head bumping tonight," Sherlock said. "Unless that's the kind of thing you're into," he added with a wink. He had no idea what that meant really, but it felt a bit like flirting and he liked it.
“Right, the case,” Sherlock said. “I definitely want to hear about that, but first I need to show you something. Hurry up and finish your wine.”
John moaned softly. "You're so sexy..."
“Yes?” Sherlock said again.
John nodded. "If that's all right with you," he said.
"I'm going to explode, John," Sherlock moaned quietly.
Sherlock slowly opened his eyes. Everything seemed very bright. He closed them again.
"Why?" John asked, whispering now.
John lifted Sherlock's hand and kissed the back before tucking close to him. "Good night, Sherlock."
John looked over at him again and smiled softly. He rubbed Sherlock's hand before pulling his own away. The taxi was stopped in front of the hospital. John paid the driver as they got out and headed inside. "Molly is going to be surprised, I think."
John was elbows deep in a furnace when his phone went off, so he ignored the call until he could finish what he was doing. It was an hour later when he was able to call back.
John looked over at Sherlock. "I don't know. I suppose that's the awkward part," he said. "Would you want to?"
“Yes, it’s all right with me,” Sherlock said. He finished his tea. “Can I ask . . . did you come over here just to ask me to dinner?”
"Is it a scary story?" John asked, taking a sip of whiskey as well and then setting it on the nightstand.
John raised his own brows now, approaching Sherlock's chair. "I observe more than you think I do."
Sherlock turned on his side to face John. “You make things better,” he said and then leaned in to kiss him again.
“Very fancy,” Mycroft said sarcastically. “And you’re calling because you think I’m a suspect?”
Sherlock looked over. "I'm not either, John. I do understand it now," he said. "It's partly why I decided to abandon the outside world entirely. I have everything I need and want here."
He pressed his hand onto her back. He could feel her spine as she attempted to crawl onto his lap. She moved her mouth to his ear and made a little moan. “Say something,” she said.
"I don't like teasing," Sherlock said. "I want to figure it out first."
From there he got a cab to the surgery. He couldn't have missed Molly's wedding, but he also had an interview this morning and he couldn't miss that either. He walked into the office and sat in the lobby, his bag beside him while he waited to be called. It wasn't long. The woman came out and led him into her office where they went over his resume and his experience. He was a bit over qualified, but he needed the job. He was charming, and she seemed to enjoy talking with him. When the interview was over he had a good feeling about it. He shook her hand and she made it linger a bit longer before letting him go. He hailed another cab outside of the clinic and finally headed back to his flat.
“Did you find anything?”  John asked, finally.  He was naked in a hot tub with Sherlock.  Surreal.
Field hospital.  He was not dead yet.
“All yours,” he gestures, and turns and pads into his bedroom.
“Who said anything about trunks?” he said, smiling suggestively.  “Let’s have a race.”
“The Dr. Marten steel-toed work boot,” said Sherlock, looking smug.  “Created by Dr. Klaus Maerten and originally intended as orthopaedic shoes.  Production began in 1960 at Grigg’s factory in Wollaston and used primarily for industrial wear.  Made fashionable by The Who and Elton John.  Frequently worn by punks from 1977 and adopted by the American grunge culture of the 1990s.  Declining sales led to Chinese production in the early 2000s, although they are now currently being manufactured again at the Cobbs Lane Factory.”
“Dressage,” said Sherlock, biting what was left of his apple.  He’d figured it all out, then.
In his defense, it had been eleven years since he’d slept to the drone of a dozen snoring men, and none of them had been bodily next to him at the time.  All John had been aware of was that there was a very loud, sudden, and foreign noise directly to his right, and that he couldn’t really be responsible for what happened when he was suddenly awakened by strange noises, now, could he?
“...and together they formulated a way to keep Willow Cross from going under -- John, you’re brilliant!”  Sherlock, his annoyance forgotten, leapt from his chair, spun John around in a childish dance of pure glee, and then kissed him soundly on the mouth.  He pulled back, momentarily surprised at himself.
“Yes, Mrs. Hudson, I believe I can.”  It came out sounding sharper than he’d intended.
“You should have heard them just talking away in there.  Apparently a woman’s salon is much like therapy.  Slap on a plastic cape, add water, lather, and divulge every secret you have.  It’s like confession.  With ammonia and scissors.  Could be extremely helpful on cases.  Would save everyone a lot of time if the killer just admits it.”
Sherlock liked that response, a boost of confidence was never a bad thing in this department. He kept working his mouth on John, letting one of his hands slip down so he could rub himself through his trousers. Soon, though, he could feel himself getting too close and stood up to pull John to the bed.
Sherlock turned his body slightly, snuggling his head against John’s lap. The room seemed quiet, and he thought he could hear their heart beats. He slid his hand behind John’s back and held it there.
"It's nice that your mum wants you home for Christmas," he said.
“Possibly,” Sherlock said. “I’ve been working on him a long time.”
Sherlock pulled his head back and leaned his forehead against John's. "I don't want to stop, okay?" he asked. "Not yet."
John snapped his eyes open. "Sorry, I was watching," he said immediately.
John followed him. “Tell me what you've been doing while you've been away."
Finally, he said, “I didn’t think . . . I’m sorry . . .” He set the laptop to the side. “Do you want me to go to my room?” he asked quietly.
John curled close to him and sighed softly. He was nervous about Harry being out, about her coming over. When he started visiting she seemed well, she seemed to like it there better than other places. Maybe that was a good sign and she was better now. But how many times had he said before and been wrong?
Sherlock took it from John, looking at it and smiling. “That was a good day,” he said. “I’ve got a picture as well -- from awards day. I think it perfectly sums us up.” He looked at it and laughed before handing it to John.
“Your favourite,” Mrs Holmes said. “Sherlock, I expect you to eat it. Here’s a sandwich to share until it’s ready.”
John picked the numbers at random, waiting for someone to answer. Nothing. "Why are people so boring? And why aren’t they answering? What else are they doing?"
"Okay, well, I just gave you one," John said, sitting back down again.
"What are you thinking about now?"
John stood up and nodded. "Yeah, sure."
“About the experiment?” he asked.
"I was just going to go back home. Did you have something else in mind?"
John smiled. "So, can we sleep like that again tonight?"
Sherlock uncovered his face and leaned toward the phone. “No, it’s John,” he said.
“I don’t have skills,” Sherlock said. “If you keep mocking me, I will never cook again. Besides, John likes pizza so we can just order pizza.”
"Just like everything else," John teased.
"I'm not doing a story again," John insisted.
“Maybe,” Sherlock said. “Well, you’re right. Hold on.” He got up and went to his parents’ bedroom door. They were in there, but they were talking. He tapped lightly.
John kept stroking him as he gazed up at him. Sherlock poured some lube into one hand and shifted down the bed, away from John’s reach. He used his slick hand to stroke between John’s legs and then leaned over, teasing John’s cock with his tongue. He slipped the head of it between his lips and he pressed a finger slowly inside.
“John’s not work,” Sherlock said. “Not just work, I mean.” He thought for a moment. “If I’m not going back to the flat, I need to tell him a few things -- flat-related things.”
"It's a different kind of like," John said. "We're best friends. Whoever I date . . . I won't like them more than you. Just in a different way."
John held his gaze. "It's interesting, that's all. I'm surprised."
“John,” Sherlock exhaled. “Are you . . . is it okay?”
"What are you reading?"
“You came to see me on your lunch break?” Sherlock said, moving to the kitchen. He set the clipboard on the table and poured two cups of tea. “That was very kind of you.”
John just smiled and then poured a bit of lube on him. He rubbed the spot and pushed his finger in as he bobbed his head.
"Because, that’s why.” He stood up. "I'm making breakfast. Do you want anything?"
“I didn’t watch,” Sherlock corrected. “I read. I don’t know what I’ll like best since I’ve never done any of it.” He looked over. “But it seems like you might have an idea what you prefer, so let’s do that. Do you have condoms?”
"That sounds cool," John said. "Is there anything to do around there?"
John glanced over his shoulder but didn't turn to look at him properly. He was silent for a few minutes. "Of course I want to know what you found," he admitted.
John stood and came into the kitchen. "I'm starved. It looks good," he smiled.
"Really?" Sherlock said, already slipping off the shirt and beginning to unbutton the jeans. "You too?"
John laughed. "You say that like Sherlock took care of me and now I'll be lost," he said.
"God no. I'm sleeping on the sofa until you leave," John said.
"Well, the lockdown is still in place, so that's too bad," John said without looking up from the paper.
John nodded. "Yeah, and we can make sure it’s what we want in the box."
John shook his head. "You think I'd be used to it."
"I know, I've read the stories," she smiled.
"For what's to come," Sherlock said.
"I haven't been trying to have sex with everyone! I've been trying to find someone I want to have sex with. And I found you," he said.
John took the pillow and tossed it off the bed. "No hitting," he grinned.
"Some of it," he said. "How has yours been?"
“I don’t want to,” Sherlock said, glancing around for something else to grab.
"I'm just out," John shrugged. "Why are you here?"
Sherlock stood beside John as he spoke. He did not notice Lestrade’s strange looks. He was just listening to John’s voice which was making him feel so much better.
"Maybe not everything," John said. "But I'm not afraid of anything here."
"Did you read anything else on her? I just want to know what's happening."
“Morning, Sunshine,” she said. “Happy Christmas.”
“Right,” Sherlock said. He’d been talking about the flat, but John was talking about the woman.  He poured his tea and came back to the table. “Let’s not talk about the case,” he said, hoping to change the subject but then realising how unusual a thing it was for him to want. “I just mean I don’t want to make you anxious, now that you’re going to back to being a doctor for a day.”
“Not yet,” he said.
“We’ll be nude,” Sherlock said. “We’ve never been by each other nude.” He looked over. “But I’ll do it.”
The man returned. “Here,” he said, handing Sherlock a flash drive. “Did my boss say all of this was all right?”
"Good," Sherlock said. "Good," he repeated. They lay quietly for a few minutes as they caught their breaths and calmed their bodies.
John shook his head. "I'll get it."
"What do you mean?" Sherlock asked.
“Maybe,” Sherlock said, getting up. “I’m going to tidy up my shed now.”
"What's to sort?"
"I don't want to go up to John's room. I'm getting to know his . . . friend."
“I hope it is. Knowing is good for many things, like cases and crimes, but it’s also a kind of protection.”
John chuckled. "You're making it sound dirty," he said. "But I do wish I had powers."
“Where’s Sherlock?” Lestrade asked.
John huffed. "Okay, fine. Is that everything we're putting in?"
"You're just saying that," Sherlock said softly. His hand moved down to John's neck, rubbing it and then his shoulder. "To be nice . . . which you always are."
“I wrote you letters -- didn’t you get them?”
"What? Of course not," John said. "It was a joke," he said.
"You're really handsome too, you know," John said quietly. "Even without the coat."
"As your doctor I'm going to say no," he said.
“You were right,” Sherlock said.
“We’ve got eyes on the restaurant,” Lestrade said. Someone came into his office and shook his head. “Dammit,” he said.
But now it turns out, John might have been feeling it as well. He'd never confess it to anyone, but the thought of the possibility flickered warm in Sherlock's stomach. But not yet. First they had to deal with Harry. He hoped this wasn't all due to the unusual events of the evening -- he hoped things would become clearer once Harry was settled and gone.
"Nagging?"
“Not if you mean going out to stupid films and restaurants like you have been doing with the girls,” Sherlock said. He got up to put the kettle back on, leaving the room in silence for a moment. When he passed John to return to the sofa, he said quietly, “You know what I’m saying.”
John moaned louder, squirming in the chair. "Sherlock . . . what’s happening?" he asked.
John smiled. “I think I can handle that,” he said.
John smiled. "You mean moments of complete bliss?"
"It’s okay. Parents," he said, rolling his eyes too.
“I don’t think so,” Sherlock said. “My mum said she wanted to talk to me about something, I think.”
Sherlock moved swiftly up and down John's cock. He could feel his own straining against his trousers. With one of his hands, he gripped John's thigh. John carded his fingers through Sherlock's hair as he looked down again. That mouth looked perfect -- the sight had John leaking.
It felt awkward now, so John said, "Okay. I'll let you rest.” He backed out and shut Sherlock's door. He went up to his own room to get ready for bed.
“Right,” John said sarcastically. “I’m going to get these notes organised.”
“Of course you’re not,” Sherlock teased. He closed his eyes like he was thinking. “I’ve got nothing,” he said. “I can’t think of a single person we know who is smart, makes you laugh, shares your interest, is someone you can talk to, and has hair and eyes. Not a one. Guess you’ll have to stay a virgin forever.”
"You're not in trouble," John said. "I just . . . something happened at work and I don't want you to freak out."
"There is no room here. And we're busy and I can't have you . . ." He stopped and watched her smile falter a bit. "I can't deal with it right now. Things are still new here."
“Fine,” Sherlock said. “Let me send this to Lestrade – given you full credit, of course – and then I’ll make some food for you to put in your face.” He was smiling. The two of them working together again had felt good.
Sherlock took the glass and drank it all down in one gulp. He rubbed his head and then lay back down. “Why are you nude?” he asked. He lifted the sheet. “Why am I nude?”
He heard nothing back that night or the next day. Fair enough -- perhaps the client was done with it. Or maybe he didn’t want to believe it. John understood that impulse.
“Friends are good to have,” she said. “Did you have friends at your last school?”
"Oh, but I just sat here," John said, looking over at Sherlock.
John slept a little while longer before shifting to get comfortable. He bumped into someone and blinked his eyes open, seeing Sherlock staring at him. "Please tell me you got some sleep," he mumbled as he wiped his eyes.
"No. I think things have been pretty normal actually." John stretched and looked over at Sherlock. "I'm off to bed," he announced.
"The grocery stores are considered essential and will not be closing. We can go out shopping only when it’s necessary," he said.
"I don't think so," John said. "I can hardly keep up with him. He’s trying to get some cases."
"That's a shame. Can I shoot the wall?" She asked.
Sherlock smiled. “So do you want to do things like this again?” he asked.
John tugged the blanket over his legs too. "Our hero turned to his wizard, who used a spell to help our hero's mind expand and see more clearly. Thanks to the wizard our hero knew the answer! He solved the case -- sorry, the mission -- and everyone was saved. To celebrate they went to the zoo and looked at the tigers. The end." He looked up and saw that Sherlock was almost asleep.
“But not more?”
Lestrade sent an address and two photos. Sherlock would be going to a bar, but it didn’t matter if he blended in or not. He’d find this criminal and soon Lestrade would be calling him for regular jobs and things would be better in his life. He glanced at the clock. The show didn’t start until 10, so he went into his bedroom to lie down for a while.
John quickly glanced around the flat as he followed. In the kitchen, he turned on the water and watched it run normally. "Looks fine," he said.
"I thought you said she was a drunk?" Sherlock asked. "I don't want to be around that."
“I’m not interested in your helping me remind me on that account,” Sherlock said. He lay quietly with his eyes closed for a few moments. “Do you think we will do things like that again or was it just a one-off because you felt bad for me?” he asked quietly.
"Thank you," John said. "I'll take dare."
"Don't pressure me," John teased.
John entered his number and then called himself, so he would have Sherlock's. "Here you go," he said.
"Lie back," Sherlock mumbled in between kisses. He lifted his body over John's, straddling him. "I love looking at your face," he said, smiling, before leaning down to start kissing him again. He let his body move down the bed until he was lying on top of John.
"I didn't like being away from you either," Sherlock said. "But I don't think I knew this is what I wanted until you kissed me."
"I'd hoped we would," Sherlock said. He moved just a fraction of an inch closer to John. "Food all right?" he asked. "I know I didn't make it, but I feel I should get credit for it."
“We just met at the bar,” Sherlock said and took a drink. He gave John a half smile.
"And you're going to stay living in the same town or are you moving to London?" Sherlock asked.
Sherlock, too, had dreams. He was in a crowd, facing away from whatever everyone else was looking at. Way at the back was the man who had grabbed his arm at the bar. He was mouthing something, but Sherlock couldn’t understand. He tried to push through people to get to him, to find out what he was trying to tell him, but he couldn’t locate him.
John grinned. "I never said you didn't," he said. "I'll order takeaway for dinner while we work."
"What's the prize?" John asked.
“I’m not sure I believe that,” Sherlock said. “I have a feeling you remember the important things.” He took another bite and sat back in his chair a little. “We should probably find out more about each other. Do you have family?”
John shivered and smiled. "Just a few more songs," he said. He turned his head so the words were spoken into Sherlock's jaw.
Sherlock looked over at his brother, not sure if the phone was in his possession or not. Why did Mycroft have to play games all the time?
“No, I don’t think so,” Sherlock said, thinking. Did John say he was going somewhere? “I think he’ll be at the flat.”
“Yes.  Sure.  That’d be great.”
“That’s not what I was going to say.”
and John, like his lover, took a certain kind of delight in breaking the rules.
“Today was incredibly enlightening, John, not
are highly-strung.  That’s not highly-strung.  She was - I mean, did you see that woman, Sherlock?  The look on her face when they called her?  She was
Sherlock had hijacked Mycroft’s office.  It was the only place in the giant house that the internet worked properly, so Sherlock had commandeered it and moved every piece of chemical equipment he had to set up a laboratory of sorts.  John leaned in the doorway, watching with amusement as Sherlock wiped Mycroft’s desk clear of papers and knicknacks, scattering things to the floor.  Childish, yes.  Still funny.  Especially because Sherlock looked the part of the mad scientist: his hair wild and pushed up out of his face by safety goggles, dressing gown unbelted and flapping about, his long feet bare.  He was attaching a clamp to a ring stand when the doorbell chimed.
need?” it seemed to say.
John took a few steps into the room and moved toward the sofa so he could see the entire effect.  “Looks…like home,” he decided.  And it did.  He stepped forward to look at Sherlock’s bat again when a thought struck him.  “Hey, what did you do with it?  Your father’s rose?”
Warning: New to this fic--mentions of past child abuse involving minor characters.  Nothing graphic, but there nonetheless.  Skip this chapter please if it's a trigger.
Sherlock shrugged.  “It worked.”
She’s nearly at the glass.  “A hole, a deep, deep well inside yourself, empty, yearning.  Haven’t you felt it?  Haven’t you always felt it?  Since you’ve been a child?”
I should have put the extras in with the fic, but didn't, and am now regretting it.
After one particularly raunchy bout of flatulence (at this point in time it was really rather unclear whose was whose, given the miasma now permeating the vehicle), Sherlock gave up on his phone.  He muttered something about being surrounded by children.
“Stunning deduction.”
“I want you, John,” Sherlock mumbled against his mouth when he pulled away.  “I want
“No, it’s not.  Knowledge is power, Sherlock, I’ll not argue against that.  But so is love.  Ask Helen of Troy.”
Thanks again to Bettyswallocks and CanolaCrush for beta work.
“Oh God!” Smith screamed again.  Watson barked orders to the soldier next to him.  His current patient -- now minus an ear -- would live.  Shouldering his gear, Watson covered the short distance between the two buildings to where Smith was lying in the dirt.
he thought.  Instead, he picked another flower and began picking it apart again.
in all the ways I am wrong.
John gaped.  “He’s not here.  And that was incredible!”
He broke out in a cold sweat when the pain hit.  Gritting his teeth, he tried to relax.  His erection deflated.  He lay there, breathing hard, willing his body to accept it.  It hurt so badly he couldn’t even conjure Fantasy Sherlock back.
“Um, hello,” he said, completely confused.
John allowed himself a good cuddle before remembering they were both rather sticky, the remnants of their liaison drying tacky on his thighs.
-- to the growing stack while another opened the door to the driver’s cab to retrieve something.   “Thought you ought to take this,” he said, passing a violin case to John.  “Didn’t want to risk it in the back.”  John took it and stared down at the sleek black leather, trying and failing to imagine Sherlock as a musician.
“Sorry,” he rasped, “too much buildup.  I’ve got to…”
John sniffed.  It wasn’t the response he was looking for, but it would have to do.  He had a feeling that Mycroft’s ‘dire consequences’ were akin to being relocated to Serbia or something of the like.
“Your birthday.  A proper celebration.”
“I don’t think you’re going to get much besides pond muck off of those.”
manifested themselves in hours of endless composing, brooding on the sofa with his eyebrows drawn together, staring out the window, and carressing a phone.  The only tears he shed for the Woman are the ones that welled up into his eyes on command as he stared into her security camera.  They were the real deal, too, John thought as he watched Sherlock put on a performance to make Laurence Olivier jealous.  Tear ducts fully functional, then.
“He’d kill me for saying it, but I’m pretty sure Sherlock had a similar ‘biological response’.  Probably scared him to death.  I’m either going to be thanking you or cursing your name the rest of the weekend.”
Sherlock huffed and closed his eyes again.
“Yes.”
By the time they returned to the honeymoon suite (“After you,” Sherlock had said melodramatically as he held the door open for John), it was dark.  John lit a fire in the hearth as Sherlock made himself comfortable in a chair with his laptop.
“You know, when you said that, about the bed, and we were in the doorway?  I was thinking about sex.  With you.  There.  Add that to your memories.”
“Watch your step,” he said as loudly as he dared after Sherlock before making his way over there himself.  He took the stairs carefully, and eventually found Sherlock sitting along a walkway that connected the north and east towers.  John had never been particularly fond of heights, but he sat next to Sherlock nonetheless and prayed the thing was sturdy.
John shouldered his bag without too much pain or difficulty, and she ushered him to a waiting black sedan before joining him in the rear.  The car pulled out.  They followed a small, winding road into little village containing little more than a market, post office, and church before turning down a lane flanked by stone walls and dense hedges.  Sheep grazed along the road until the farms turned into moorland.  His companion was taciturn, absorbed with her phone.
Well, that was certainly odd.  Serotonin syndrome was not a common cause of death; it was a poisoning, essentially, caused by an excess of the neurotransmitter usually as a result of an overdose of antidepressants or recreational drugs such as methamphetamine or cocaine.  He’d never seen it himself.  Strange.
“Stop it, you twat.”
“Could your sisters have talked to Sherlock’s dad themselves?  Asked for help?  Maybe at the party?”
“Yes.  We’re...well, Sherlock is...doing an investigation into his father’s death.”
he told himself.
To pass among them or touch any one, or rest my arm ever so lightly round his or her neck for a moment, what is this then?
“Is your room completely packed?”
“Fuck, yes,” said John.  He kept working himself as Sherlock reached his hand between them, pulling at his buttocks; a blunt pressure, nothing more, and the sound of Sherlock’s deep groan. Then: liquid heat.
“You hold no attachment to that job, John, and you know it.  You can find another in London.  Part time, of course.  And in in the interim, you can be my assistant.”
It was hard to hear anything over the soft lapping of water this far away from the front, but soon they saw a man pass the entrance to the pool, going towards the offices.  It was hard to get any sense of his appearance from their spot hunkered down in the water, but it was clear that the man was carrying something -- a case or basket of some sort.  He disappeared for a few minutes, then returned without the container, switched off the lights, and departed.
Sherlock embraced him again.  “Thank you,” he said by way of answer, giving John a sad smile before retreating to his room.
...and John gasped, waking himself.  He sat up in bed, panting, and realised, with shock and a profound sense of relief, that he had an aching erection.  He took a few shaking breaths that were more half choked-off sobs than anything before kicking off his pants.
Sherlock shut his mouth and kept it closed.
“Sometimes, but not always. My guess is that Maggie picked this flower during the treasure hunt and pressed it in the book for remembrance.”
that man,” said Sherlock, once he was certain they were alone.  “This is most inconvenient.”
.”  She raised her eyebrows suggestively.  Then she turned back to her cooking and said nothing else on the matter.
“Oh,” John breathed, canting his hips up a bit as his lover took him as deep as he could.  John had had four orgasms in the past forty-eight hours, and it seemed that another one was evident, although it was building slowly.  He hadn’t felt this randy since his early twenties.  Logic told him that they (well, at least
“Emotion isn’t pathological, Sherlock.  And I’m sure separating your mind from your body is psychologically damaging.  As much as you hate to admit it, they’re not separate entities.  Your brain is a part of
“What?  Shaving?  I’ve got to say I fully appreciate bare legs and armpits.  Perhaps a little trimming of the bush is appropriate.”
They’d experimented with different positions; but John could tell, right now, that Sherlock wanted to move.  How the man had the energy John would never know.
“She wants a pair of £100 wellies,” moans John.  He takes his jacket from the peg and shrugs it on.
In the choir room next door, someone began scales on a piano.
“Did you see his face?”
“It’s usually not a big deal,” explained Sherlock.  “But Brandon, the cat abuser, also suffered an extremely rare and serious cardiac sequelae from the bacteria and died.”
John chuckled in spite of himself.  A haemorrhage.  He could only imagine. It
“Stop, stop!” John shouted, coming up for air before he was pulled under the water again and pinched soundly on the bum.  He managed to kick Sherlock away, and they came up a few feet apart. “Stop it, you dickhead!  I won fair and square.”
“Desperately.”
They met Mike outside the Institute of Genetics, Health, and Therapeutics, where he greeted John warmly.
.  God, I need gloves.”
“You should know, what with your superior knowledge of all things intimate and sexual.”
“It’s the texture of synthetic furs I find repulsive.  I never said I disliked the real thing.”  And as if to demonstrate, he rubbed the collar against his cheek.  “That feels rather lovely.”
“Why?” asked John, feeling significantly better, his discomfort alleviated both by the release of gaseous pressure and the boyish camaraderie.  Sometimes he missed the easy, mindless way men came together, the way he and his mates would joke around after a rugby match at university, or later, while he was deployed, the way he and his fellow soldiers would find amusement in nothing worth any significance: practical jokes, stupid old movies, and, of course, bodily functions.
“Exactly.  But you know, I don’t think I’ve even seen all the rooms properly.  Popped my head in once, maybe, but I’ve never really
John chuckled.
Mycroft shrugged noncommittally in a way that suggested,
until he came all over the…
Good god, thought John as he cut into his sausages.  What on earth have I got myself into?
There are things I don’t tell John.  Things that John would say, “bit not good, Sherlock.”  Things that he doesn’t really want to know.  Not really.  I’ve made a promise not to lie to him, not like I had to before, but sometimes I lie by omission.  It’s better that way.
John chokes a bit on his wine; it goes into his nose where it burns like the devil.
“Yes,” answered John, coming back to himself and opening his eyes.  Sherlock hadn’t let go of his hand, and John pressed harder, fascinated and delighted with the hardness beneath.
Sherlock finally turned to face him.  “Christening the new place,” he intoned, his eyebrows raised.  “Please tell me we’re not naming the place on Baker Street.  Or smashing a bottle of champagne against the front door or some such nonsense.”
“Well, then, stop asking.  Since when did you care? But did you see her face when you said you wanted to watch?”  John laughed.
“That’s it?” replied Navya.  ‘We don’t have many areas that are locked with that system.  Dry storage, the wine cellar, and the managers’ offices... oh.  May I ask whose office you would like to see?”
“What you really want to know is, how long this will last.  Truthfully, I cannot tell you.  I have no prior experience in such matters.  It has been nearly a decade since my prior sexual activities, and the men I have taken to bed were nothing to me.  A means to an end.  I have shared my body but never my mind.  With you, John, I shall share everything.  I believe I already have.  But I have much to learn, and I am a obstinate pupil, even with the most patient of instructors.”
___________________________________
Sherlock quirked an eyebrow, questioning.
“Still do the thing you do, Holmes?” asked Sally.
“And by complicated, you mean that you are not sure if your feelings are reciprocated.”
The tortoiseshell cat wove around his ankles, causing him to break his reverie.
“Fancy a bath?” John asked as Sherlock began unbuttoning his shirt.
“I’m not giving you an illegal firearm.  Or any gun, for that matter.”
“She didn’t always.  I wasn’t very kind to her in the end, I suppose.  And then she moved to Leeds.  She’s bitter,” explained Sherlock.  “And she has a right to be. She should have been a CID officer by now, but then the budget got cut, the squad shrank, and she’s stuck in uniform...I think she’d be better off in London, at the Met.”
He made it to the plastic tarpaulin before turning around and walking slowly back down the hallway before letting himself back into Sherlock’s room.
“Henry.  Henry was, oh, I don’t know, around five or so, and he was a handful.  Always fighting with his brothers.  Naughty, is what he was.  I was terrified for him to start school!  Rightly so, too.  His teacher phoned us the first week and said he wouldn’t stop pulling Jenny Porter’s pigtails.  Anyhow, Archie read to the kids, you know.  Up at the library.  And Henry was simply enthralled.  It wasn’t just picture books he read, either.  No, he’d get out
“And then John Watson came and filled it up?”
“When in Yorkshire,” said Sherlock, pulling out her chair for her.
“I’m asking Mycroft to run a background check on Lillian,” he intoned as he typed, not looking up from the screen.  “See what you can find about reflexology, especially anything nonstandard that might be practised in China.”  Soon, the detective was lost to research, eyes scanning web page after web page.
Sherlock harumphed.   “Not necessary.  I’ll be leaving today,” he said.
“Especially in your case, as I am a man and you have no prior experiences with male sexual partners.”
“I’m not interested in her, if that’s what you’re worried about.  Case, remember?  She could be some serial killer for all I know.”
“Really?”
“So,” smiled John, ignoring Sherlock,  “what does a foot massage usually entail?  I’m assuming it begins with some kind of assessment...”
“And no lighter.”  Sherlock broke the thing in half and tossed it down.
.  His fingers suddenly forgot what they were doing and he dropped the daisy chain into his lap.
Sherlock was waiting for him by the garden door.  He’d pulled some of the ivy down; the door was once again visible.
He suddenly found himself wishing for a small brown bottle above the toilet.
friendship like most people.  It was...companionable.  Likeable.  Easy.  And something else, maybe, but John didn’t like to think about that.  He’d been lonely, that was all, and if this strange and beautiful man had given him something to look forward to, well, he was grateful.  John felt whole again, and that was good, and Sherlock was amazing.  Strange, maybe from another planet, but definitely amazing.  And for the record, John was fairly sure that Sherlock had never farted in front of him before.
John nodded.   Sherlock nodded back, looking hopeful, before taking off down the hall again.  John glanced at his watch.  It was only 7am.  He hoped to be back in that bed in fewer than 12 hours.
He would have liked to have said it was a dream, that some horrible buggy-eyed, drooling monster was advancing upon him.  Or that he thought there was an animal in the room, some rabid raccoon.  Or that it was a nightmare about Afghanistan, that the sound was reminiscent of a 50-calibre machine gun.
“She grew up in Burnett Thwaite.  We knew each other as children.”
“You use your hands.”
He forced himself through a breathing exercise, inhaling the smell of the thick, woollen carpet and trying to calm down.
“More.”
“Do you have stones like that on the property?”
“OK.  Um, were there any visitors that day?”
“I was disappointed once,” he said.  “I do so hate to be disappointed.”  He opened the gate and strode in like he owned the place.  He was nearly inside the structure when he looked back at John, who still stood outside.  Breaking and entering really wasn’t on his list of socially acceptable activities.
“We’re going out,” he announces, crossing his hands behind his back.  Usually he comes in, hangs his coat on the peg by the door, and collapses in John’s favorite chair or raids the fridge.
“Great.  Now, go and have a shower.”  John shoved their clothes at him.  “I’ll clean these fish and be up after you, then we’ll have supper and you can tell me all about shoes.”
A man who had recently visited Willow Cross died of serotonin poisoning, but the method of drug delivery was ambiguous.
“And so that’s it,” says John, finishing the speech he’d composed in his head the entire drive home.
Later that afternoon John met Molly Hooper, who took care of the estate’s two horses.  As he approached the stables, he heard someone having a rather lengthy but one sided conversation in a peculiar tone of voice.  Poking his head through the green-painted doors, he saw a young woman in muck-covered wellies sitting on a stool and talking to Toby, Lestrade’s dog.
“No, I know you’re not.”  Sherlock smiled then, a tiny hint of a smile that spoke volumes, and John felt himself flush.
“Seriously?”
“How so?”
The last thing he wanted to be doing was listening to a bunch of cultured know-it-alls discuss the value of every last bit of Holmes Hall.  After making sure everyone was where they were supposed to be, he slipped out.
Confused, John looked down and realized that both his hands were free.  What had he done with the walking stick?
Sherlock deposited the skull on a shelf and turned until he deemed it just right.  “Black moods,” he replied.  “Of course I’m depressed.  Textbook, really.  And no.  Absolutely no antidepressants.  Slows down my mind.”
“Right after we crossed the finishing line,” said a fit-looking man whose bald head was completely blue.
Mrs. Turner was always observant, even if it was late and she and Mrs. Hudson had perhaps had one too many glasses of wine during their evening soiree.  They strolled up Baker Street arm-in-arm, as they did when they were young and reckless, in their dancing days. And then, when they were nearly at Mrs Hudson’s door, Mrs Turner paused. Something out of the ordinary had captured her attention and she s had to see what it was. She promised herself that she simply could not take in one more stray, but it was a poor, injured kitten out here in this awful cold, well.
Sex was closely linked with emotion for Sherlock, John realised.  Selling Holmes Hall had been extremely difficult for Sherlock whether he would admit it or not; no wonder he was so keen for physical contact.
: “penetrating eyes” came from the pages of his novel; “deeply penetrating” from the muscle-pain relief cream on the telly; there was an article about “ground-penetrating radar” in a magazine, and a write-up of pesticide “penetrating the water supply” in the
“Oh, I know,” Leybourne sniffed.  “I just can’t see how I’ll manage now.  The WC will be national news: we will have to close so that the police can continue their investigations. The business won’t survive a brouhaha like this, I can tell you.  I’ll have to sell up, and then what will become of the poor, poor horses.”
They stayed on the floor for a few minutes, the man under him squirming once and awhile before simply giving up and lying there, limp.
“Look, Sherlock.  Come on out of here.  Let the removal men bring your things up.”
been naked around so many men before.  Why would Sherlock be any different?
When the search for Toby’s owner proved fruitless, John headed back to the house.  Toby bounded ahead without his leash, stopping to sniff and lift his leg.  John walked slowly; adrenaline now gone, his leg was acting up again, and managing his cane, his bag, and the shotgun was proving difficult.  But the weather was beautiful, the lilacs were blooming, he’d shot some birds, and life might just be tolerable, after all.
They stood there awkwardly for a moment.  John wondered if Sherlock would come straight out and ask to see what was left of his shoulder, but he didn’t.  How long Sherlock had been in the pool area?  Was he seeking company and didn’t know how to ask for it?  He clearly was not possessed of the most basic social skills; either that, or he chose to ignore them most of the time.  Maybe he’d wanted to swim, too, but felt uncomfortable sharing the pool with John.  Was he being polite and keeping his distance, offering John some privacy in light of his injury?  Whatever the reason, John found he wasn’t honestly bothered that Sherlock had been lurking.  Next time he went swimming, John decided he’d simply ask Sherlock if he’d like to come along.
“Start on your samples?” John asked, half in jest as he loosened his tie and flopped down into his chair.  It had been a fairly busy day, what with one nurse calling in sick and another having been called away to care for her son who had fallen and broken his wrist.  Not one to ever balk under pressure - in fact, it usually forced him to perform better - John handled the rest of the afternoon with aplomb, but he was tired.
“You can make a spreadsheet.”
“Nope.”
Sherlock waves a hand, dismissive.  John knows that look: completely guilty.
Sherlock stands, deduces.  John’s home, and he’s staying.  Sherlock’s heart beats in his throat.  He swallows to calm himself down.  “I suppose,” he acquiesces.  “You’re…” he nods toward John’s bag, unable to actually speak the words.
“That’s not particularly flattering, you know.”
____________________________________________________________________________________________________________
Sherlock was attentive and thorough.  He murmured questions when he was uncertain and picked up on John’s cues when something felt particularly good.  Eventually John simply pulled Sherlock on top of him so they could move together.
“Have you heard from Sally?” John ventured.
“Actually,” John replied, “bit desperate for a shower.”  John hoped he actually stank rather than have Sherlock know what he had been thinking of.
Sherlock sighed.  “Her father was incredibly jealous.  Of my parents, of their privilege, of the way they didn’t seem to care that they had money.  And I...I wasn’t exactly ‘normal’.”
“Bit paradoxical, that.”
The man on the ground looked impressed at John’s transgression.  “Oh, I’m in trouble, all right.  But if you don’t have any cigarettes, I’m afraid I’ll have to ask you to piss off so I can wallow in my misery in peace.”
“Stop calling her that,” John admonishes, savouring his glass of Chateau Haut-Brion.  “Does she know you bought this place?”
There was virtually no one at the tiny platform when he arrived at Burnett Thwaite*, save a woman who looked as if she’d stepped directly out of a Boden catalogue.  She sat, typing away at her mobile phone, before pocketing the device in a fashionable tartan cape-type-coat that John imagined cost a fortune.  Her hair fell in waves under a woollen cap.  She wore tight corduroy trousers and tall leather equestrian-style boots that likely had never seen the sides of a horse, much less actual mud and dirt.  She held out her hand for a perfunctory handshake.
John smiled.  “No.”
Both of them would be separated by a good ten feet and had not even made eye contact.)
“That wasn’t bribery!  It was a small kindness.  Withdrawal can be uncomfortable at best, absolutely miserable at the worst.  He didn’t have an easy go of it, I can tell you that much.”
Completely unbidden, John let out a noise that was a strangled cross between pain and pleasure.  Sherlock’s head snapped up at the same time John’s did, his eyes wide and searching.
“Jackie, the barman?” asked John, scribbling down the names.
“But they found no prints.”
Sherlock’s eyes went dark and took on a slightly predatory gleam.  “I most certainly do,” he said, advancing.
“Actually, I think I might need a minute.”
His afternoons were spent in the secret garden.  Now that June had arrived, the areas of the garden John had cleared were blooming in profusion.  He had been working along the side of the house and finally turned the corner to begin working on the north wall.  John left the garden gate unlocked so that Molly could come and go as she pleased, and judging by the neat and orderly state of the central garden beds, she had put in a good deal of work.
That was obvious enough.  “So what happened?  He just went off the deep end?”
“Yes, although by that time they were in their early twenties and didn’t engage in any of the children’s activities.  However, Henry specifically recalled seeing Sally's sisters, but not her father.  It seems they accompanied Gloria, and Miles stayed behind, unsurprisingly.”
“I don’t think we’re going to.  Unless...”  John pulled out his wallet and procured a card.  “We phone a friend.”
“And here?”
“My brother is well-known wherever he goes.  He loves the sound of his own name.”
It may look like one, but it's not a date.  Nope.  Not at all.
Sherlock hummed and brought his large hands down to John’s groin, one hand wrapping around his length while the other cupped his balls.  “Not here.  Just want to touch you for a while.”
“Oh yes, I’m just a regular Doctor Don Juan-son.”
“Colleague.  Partner.  I’d be lost without my blogger.”  He smiled, a little sideways smile that twisted the corner of his mouth.  John wanted to kiss it.
“You’re sure?”
Sherlock held up his index finger for clarification.  “Bisexual.  Found loads of illicit Japanese male erotica in a steamer trunk in a locked room after his death.”
“You were close, too.  I could tell.  All drawn up tight like that.”
After a moment of speculation, Sherlock sat up, twisted himself around as best he could now that he was trapped between John, the blanket, and the couch.  He worried his lower lip a moment before deciding John wasn’t teasing, and then leaned in expectantly for a kiss, which John obliged until he himself was feeling a little breathless.
It was another hour before he could fall asleep again, but eventually, the lull of the rain and the comfort of the bed --or maybe the promise of comfort and company-- won out, and he drifted off to a dreamless sleep.
No, what really gets him going is what’s only a shadowy suggestion in this photo.  For between those perfect arsecheeks is what makes John’s cheeks burn and his balls ache. What’s tucked away, secret and hidden.  For John’s eyes only.
John held him, smiled, and kissed his worry away.  Sherlock would never feel embarrassed about his feelings, those precious feelings, not on John’s watch.  “I know,” he whispered.  “I know.  That’s love, Sherlock.  Love.  You’re supposed to feel that way.”
Sherlock froze for a moment before turning around.  John tried to suppress his laughter, but couldn’t completely force down the giggle that swelled in his throat.  He felt himself smiling, tears gathering in the corners of his eyes.
“You want me to help you or not?”
John opened his mouth.
“Well, there’s quite a bit more to go, as you can see.  Most of the perennials are all choked out by weeds and grass.  I think everything needs fertiliser and at some point in time I’m going to have to trim all the hedges.”
Watson stood to see better, morphine in his hand, when the round hit him in the shoulder.  Right next to the fucking vest.  A second to realize what had happened and then searing pain in his leg.  Next thing he knew he was lying next to Smith, who was decidedly NOT going to be all right.  Not with the team’s only medic lying flat on his back with two significant wounds.
“Sherlock Holmes,” he said once he could trust himself to speak again.  “Jealousy does not become you.”
Owens rummaged some more and eventually produced a rusty tin containing glue and a set of tyre levers. “I don’t have any patches,” he said lamely, coming back around and holding out what remained of the kit.
“That sounds nice, Molly.  Thank you.”
and John would gripe,
“Right.”  Then, “I don’t have a current firearm certificate.”
Sherlock was burying himself under the duvet, working himself slowly down John’s body, that wicked mouth alternating between sharp little bites and tender tongued kisses.
“I...I...don’t know.  I never let myself finish.”
“Oh,” said Sherlock, still looking puzzled.
John kicked at some pine needles with the toe of his shoe.  Here went nothing.
Sally thought.  “I’ll call Maggie,” she said at length.  “Let me do it, please.”
He could feel Sherlock smile against his forehead.  He’d been granted so many of them this weekend, Sherlock’s smiles.  They were more precious than any of those strange, wonderful gifts he’d received.  If Sherlock were smiling, really smiling, then everything
Watson saw it happen, three 20-calibre AK rounds made short work of the kid’s left leg, which was now nothing but a bleeding stump.  Jesus.  They were so outnumbered; poor intelligence.
“This was a rotten idea,” John said, padding into the office.  “I’m sorry.”
“Oh.  I sent it back to Owens.”
John returned from work to find Sherlock at the kitchen table amid piles of papers, his laptop, and several large manilla envelopes.
“I’m sorry.”
“Three.”
Sherlock lay on his back, John half on top of him.  John liked the tight, secure feeling of being sandwiched between the leather cushions and Sherlock’s body.  Sherlock was warm and smelled wonderful, and John took deep lungfuls of his scent through his nose, tasting the air.  Sherlock smelled masculine and downright sexy.  They hadn’t even done anything beyond sharing a few gentle kisses and Sherlock was aroused -- John could hear his heartbeat pounding away, saw the heaviness of his eyelids.  As for himself, he’d been hard at their first brush of lips but was deeply satisfied in just lying there, together, at last.
“That could have caused the overdose.  In such small doses it causes euphoria and induces addiction, but if he were already taking a SSRI, whatever’s on those needles may have created lethal levels.”
The moors neighbouring Holmes Hall were wild and expansive, peppered with rocky outcroppings.  After an increasingly sweaty hour, he took a break to cool down and and sip from his water bottle. The large, flat stone was warm under his backside, so he lay down on it, closed his eyes, and thought.
“Must be Sherlock,” said John.  “Wonders never cease.”
.  Yeah, right.
“I’ll know where to find you then.”
“Stop,” said John, “I don’t want to even picture it.  Please tell me we’re not going to investigate dodgy spa practices.”
“Yes,” she says immediately.
Mrs. Jenkins exhibited signs of drug addiction and withdrawal.
“Come on.  We’ll clean up in a bit.  Let’s lie down for a while.”
No one taught me this particular skill, analingus, unless you count my imagination and that one time I decided to try it (ages ago) just to see if my finely-tuned senses would accept or reject the act.  I was ambivalent, it turned out.  Then I met a perfectly average-looking man whose hair was going grey prematurely and who had a penchant for bad jumpers.  John is as far from average as one can be, as it turns out.  He’s got a temper and a quick wit that leans toward innuendo, and while he may dress like my father he likes to live dangerously.  Under all that everyman exterior lies a man who enjoys walking the fine lines of life.  I deduced it straight away: John wants (needs?) a bit of dirty sex.
“I don’t.  We’re eating  together, John.  I have no intentions of propositioning you, if you’re concerned about it.”
Sherlock stood there, eyes on John’s ruin of a shoulder.
“But there was more than that.  Jealousy.  Hurt.  You looked like you were ready to step into battle.  For me.  I saw it there in your face and I was distracted.”
“Oh!  Mike then.  No, Stamford is a decent enough fellow.  Dreadfully boring, I’m afraid.  Married, two cats, high cholesterol, favours yellow mustard, excellent researcher though terribly disorganised, well-respected by colleagues and students.  I wonder if he knows anyone with a mass spectrometer.”
“I’m not saying that’s what it was,” said Sherlock, annoyed.  “I believe there was someone else in that garden with him, someone who shook the ladder.  Why he did it, I couldn’t tell you, but the end result was that my father fell and died.  Manslaughter at the very most: loss of self-control.”
“You define yourself by your profession, then?”
They walked slowly back to the stables at the back of the property, making small talk, the dog staying close to his master’s side.  Lestrade offered nothing more about the eccentric Mr. Holmes, except to say that he did tend to come and go via helicopter because he lived and worked in London, and that he indeed was employed by the government.
“Do my feet?”  he said.
And he could hardly believe just how much Sherlock currently seemed to be enjoying himself; Sherlock, who had for so long turned his nose up at even the mention of physical intimacy, was clearly getting off on going down.
“Mycroft’s e-mailed me,” Sherlock said at length.  “He’s got the report on Lillian.  Let’s get some coffee and read through it, all right?”
“What about Owens?”
I have had a blast learning about the names of gardening tools.  A "hoe" in the US is not a "hoe" in the UK; basically nothing is the same.  "Secateurs" are pruning clippers.
.  “It’s like stepping into another world.”
“Not Lydia, you idiot.  The daugher.  Di.”
John studies Sherlock’s lips.  They’re large and defined.  “What about them?”
John’s eyes fluttered closed.  It was the second time he’d done this, but last time Sherlock had been on his back and so John had focused on his lover’s face to keep himself grounded.  Now, however, the view was, in John’s mind, significantly more pornographic: there, directly in front of him, was the obscene stretch of Sherlock’s anus around his cock, and it just might be the most bloody-fantastic-dirty-precious-wonderful-intimate-perfect-amazing thing John had ever witnessed, and if he opened his eyes right now he just might not make it past the first thrust.
“How are we going to get in there, John?”
Emotionally and physically exhausted, he fell back to sleep, face-down, still clutching his pillows tightly.
“And now we come to my great-great uncle Ridgewell Holmes.  Caused quite a stir when he broke off his engagement to Eugenia Wellington.  As it turned out, Uncle Ridgewell was madly in love with Eugenia’s twin brother, Earnest.”
The afternoon, found them both in Sherlock’s large bed, curled around each other and buried under the large, fluffy comforter. They were both dozing in and out. Every time John woke up, he found Sherlock had somehow managed to be even closer to him. This time, Sherlock’s head was laying on John’s chest, and an arm and leg was flung overtop as well. This made it hard for John to breath through the mass of curls that were tickling his nose, but also made it harder to move. Plus side it was very warm in the freezing flat. Down side, he needed to use the restroom.
“Mad? Why would I be mad? I just wanted to tell you in person. I accept your proposal.” John said as he pulled Sherlock down by the neck and kissed him like he had always wanted to.
“Stop thinking so much, you’ll hurt yourself. Just go with it John.”
“I’m not the most gifted person when it comes to words, Sherlock, but let me just say that you have changed my life, saved me from many cliffs both literally and figuratively, and I could never repay you in a few lifetimes for that. If I could have built a perfect person for me to spend the rest of my life with, it honestly would be you.”
“Yes I did. But I just felt the need to tell you again.” They were in the small hallway outside of the chapel. Sherlock grabbed John’s hand and pulled him into a small office nearby, closing the door quickly behind them.
“I can't move. It hurts to move. I'm all achy. My ribs hurt awfully. Come make it better, John!”
They were facing each other in a small hallway, wearing matching tuxedos.
“Tilt the other way for me. We really need better lighting in here.”
“Hey! Just because you won't put socks on, does not mean I am your personal heater.” John complained trying to turn away from the cold toes.
“Made you lose your train of thought again?” John said with a chuckle. “I seem to be the only one able to do that.”
“Sherlock? Come on out Sherlock! It was a joke. A stupid joke that you do with your mates sometimes. I earned 10 pound for doing that. Probably should have demanded more come to think of it.” he gave a small chuckle in an attempt to ease the tension.
There was a moment of hesitation between them both, judging each other's reactions, before John accepted.
“I have been thinking about us. What we have been through together and apart, Everything that led us to where we are right now. And that got me thinking about destiny. And if it is actually a real thing, or perhaps…” Sherlock trailed off as John opened his eyes and looked directly across at the detective.
Standing up from the table, Sherlock joined them in the sitting room, folding his long legs underneath of himself. His eyes wandered over to John and simply let his gaze wander over this man he felt very lucky to be with.
John laughed and grabbed Sherlock’s hand. “Come on. Let’s go meet our adoring public.”
It was that moment, with the impeccable timing he always has, John walked back into the flat with some shopping.
Sherlock flushed a deep red at the compliment, the blush going to his ears. “Now who is going to put Rosie in therapy.” Reaching over, he held John’s hand, watching Rosie slowly drift asleep with the teething ring still in her mouth.
“Sherlock, quit fussing. You look great. Stop pulling at the bow tie. It was straight and now it’s gone all lopsided again.” John reached up and straightened the bow tie once more.
“I don’t think I am hardly drunk enough to do this. Are you bloody filming?” John yelled back, slurring his words slightly.
He threw on his coat, and with that, Sherlock was off, his coat swirling behind him.
“John?”he called out into the flat. When no answer came, he flopped back on the couch. John must have gone out at some point. No matter, he can look it up himself. A question had presented itself during his explorations that afternoon in his mind. Google could answer it for him. He just needed something to access the site. Taking a quick glance around the room, he saw his computer and John’s. John’s was closer, so that’s what he would use.
“John. There is a lot I could say to you, but most of it you know already. Or, I think I have told you, but I can’t actually remember if you were there now that I think about it. Anyways, you make me a better man, John Watson. You make me more human, keep me sane when things are spiraling out of control, and keep me from falling into darkness. I hope you don’t mind, but I wrote a short poem. for the occasion.
You are the missing piece I didn't know I was missing until I saw you that first time. That's right, I knew from the moment I first saw you at Bart’s that I couldn't live without you. I'm sorry it has taken me so long to tell you.
When the days get short and the nights get a little bit frozen, we hold each other.
John cleared his throat “No more than what your physician would be aware of I assure you.”
“Wha..no! You can't have this. You're so lanky, you would stretch it out. This is one of my favourite ones.” John sat down on the other end of the couch, moving Sherlock's feet out of the way.
“Uhh...nope. This would be the first time.” John rinsed the razor again of the shaving cream. “Not as hard as it would seem. But I'm thankful it's not with one of those older, straight razors. I don't know if I would trust myself with that.” John said with a bit of a laugh.
Sherlock scoffed and rolled his eyes. “You are still on about that? I have put it out of my mind. Why didn’t you?”
“I believe that is something I ought to be saying.” John answered back.
“John..?” he mumbled, fighting off sleep.
“What are you doing with those?” Sherlock asked, not even looking up from the beaker.
“I think the rum is making me bold. I like it.” Sherlock quickly leaned forward and captured John’s mouth with his own.
Sherlock glanced over at John. His John. Looking handsome as ever with sleep tousled hair, and eyes not fully alert from the morning cuppa. Stop thinking anything will happen. He hasn't indicated he wants anything more from you than friendship.
“John are you awake?” he called out again, slightly louder this time. He was rewarded with a grumble coming from beside him.
The next day, Sherlock was sitting at the kitchen table looking like a mad scientist, measuring different colored liquids. John was sitting on the floor playing with Rosie and her favorite toy, the stacking blocks. She loved it when they were stacked high and then she was allowed to knock them down. She clapped her hands and squealed when they hit the floor.
“Sherlock, It seems like a lifetime ago that we first met back in that lab at Bart’s. If I could go back in time and tell myself anything about that moment, I would tell that younger me to get in better shape and quick. If I had known all of the exercise I would be getting, I might not have stopped my military exercise regimen.”
“Come on out here, Sherlock. You don't have to hide...”
“I'm cold! Keep me warm!” Sherlock complained.
“What could you possibly want in the middle of the night that justifies waking me up. I was just up with Rosie an hour ago.” John mumbled out rolling towards Sherlock, his eyes still shut.
The next morning, John woke to the feeling of someone watching him as he slept in his chair.
Sherlock’s head fell back against the top of the chair and he sighed heavily. “Fine. But you have to promise you won’t tell another living soul, and then you will drop this whole nonsense of St. Nick.”
“Get on out here you overgrown toddler. You will want to see this.”
“But John. I’m comfy. And the food isn’t ready...” Sherlock called back.
Sherlock chuckled, “You mean I can’t look at my husband with love and admiration and wonderment as to why he is still with me?”
We have been through a lot together, and with your permission, I would like to continue our adventures.
John suddenly became interested and leaned forward, resting his elbows on his knees. “I sense a story here. Please go on.”
“I can’t tell you that you’re wrong. I, didn’t want to admit it in case you didn’t feel the same.” John stopped as Sherlock climbed in his lap, straddling his hips and facing him. Sherlock’s hands were on John’s shoulders.
“Cross my heart I swear I will do just that” John responded.
“Hmm...you did say ‘doctors orders, get some bloody sleep’ if I correctly recall.” Sherlock retorted as he lathered up his neck, covering up the stubble that gathered.
“I’ll come right back. It’s too cold out here for to prolonged of an outing.” True to his word, John did not take very long before he was back, crawling in the warmth of the blankets and his bedfellow.
“John, I’m at a delicate stage of this experiment. One wrong move and half the flat could explode.” Sherlock responded, holding a beaker atop of another, ready to pour the contents together.
“Mrs Hudson doesn't like renovations.”
Our love has just begun.
“Lestrade said honest. That is the best I can do...” Before he could change his mind, he trifolded the paper, and stuffed it into a waiting envelope which simply said ‘John’. Placing it on the table where he knew it would be seen, he went to his bedroom to simply wait.
Sherlock rolled over onto his side and looked at John. “Your jumper looks warm. Can I have it?”
The tea kettle started to whistle and John went to take care of it. “John! Come back! I'm cold!”
Sherlock flung the phone across the table, ignoring the question.
I can’t remember where I’m from, All I know is who I’ve become.
Sherlock paused and seemed to think over his words for a moment. “If destiny does exist,  then I am forever in its debt for bringing us together. I would not be half the man I am today if you had not come into my life. You saved me from myself, John Watson.”
The rings were exchanged, and the rest of the ceremony went rather quickly for Sherlock. Keeping his attention on John the entire time, Sherlock couldn’t seem to stop beaming. It was probably contagious from John’s excitement with the whole affair.
“Shut it John!”
John came back with two cups of tea, one prepared just how Sherlock liked it, more sugar than actual tea. “Here, drink that. It will help a bit. And use that cram I gave you. It helps my shoulder on days like this. It should help your aches too. Mostly you just have to endure the cold until it warms back up.” John sat back on the couch, pulling a blanket that Mrs. Hudson made them, onto his lap. Not a few seconds later, John found himself with a lap full of a consulting detective. One that was trying to curl himself up small enough to be fully on top of John's legs. “Sherlock, what the hell are you doing?”
“Just about done...there. Finished.” John handed Sherlock a clean towel to wipe off. “Feel better?”
“Nope. You can’t go anywhere. I’m comfortable.” Sherlock mumbled.
Sherlock sat back in the chair and tried to reestablish a look of indifference.
John choked on the sip he had just taken and glanced at Sherlock. The detective’s cheeks were slightly flushed and his eyes half lidded. But there was no mistaking the look in his eyes.
Methodically, he grabbed his razor from the cabinet and made a single stroke down his cheek, very aware of John’s eyes watching his every move.
The laptop screen was quickly slammed down and tossed on the nearby chair as Sherlock practically ran into the bathroom without a further word.
“Because it is a Christmas tradition. And it is a thank you to the big man himself for coming all this way from his home and bringing us presents. You mean to tell me you are not at all excited about getting that new microscope?”
“You saved me to, you know. If I hadn’t met you…I probably would have killed myself within the week. My life had no purpose. You gave me that edge of danger that I didn’t know I needed.” John replied with tears beginning to form.
John felt Sherlock watching him and met his look. “Oh no. Don’t look at me like that right now. Rosie is right in front of us. We would scar her for life and be the reason she goes to therapy as an adult.”
Sherlock was stopped in his ramblings with John’s lips pressed up against his own, and the feel of a hand wrapped around the back of his neck, holding him close.
Sherlock gave john an exasperated and skeptical look. “Really John, I don’t see how..”
“It really must be a Christmas miracle if you are asking for food.” John replied before sighing heavily. “Fine. I’ll make you breakfast for Christmas morning.”
“Then come make yourself a cuppa. It will help warm you up.” John yelled back.
He paused for the laughter from those in attendance.
“”She’s teething, John. I still have those frozen fingers she can use. It would ease her discomfort more than that block.” Sherlock commented.
“Be honest....I can try...”
“Oh come on already!” Someone else from off camera yelled.
“Panic? I was not panicking. Sherlock Holmes does not panic.”
“I couldn’t sleep, John. You know I only need 10 hours of sleep a week. I’ve had at least 15 at your insistence this week.”
“Just tell me Sherlock. What harm could it do?” John interrupted.
“Are you...Sherlock, are you drunk?” John asked before finishing his own drink.
Sherlock grimaced. “Not in the tea. But I will take a few fingers.”
“You are truly impossible. Maybe you should put warmer clothes on, or wrap up in a blanket.”
He tested Lestrade. “I need help how do you tell someone something very important. Not knowing how it will be received.”
Sherlock giggled, “Perhaps a bit, but it doesn’t change my decision. I think it’s high time that we both get what we want. What we have wanted for so many years.”
After a few moments, Sherlock pulled away slightly and looked at John. “Well that was unexpected. What was that for. Not that I mind of course.”
“Nope!” John said with a cheeky grin, popping the P.
“John Watson, I’m going to love you like it’s the end of the world.” Sherlock whispered against John’s lips.
Sherlock went to the door, and cracked it open ever so slightly to peer out. He had to watch. John set the bags on the table then stopped, took a step back and picked the envelope up.
“You're saying, that you, Sherlock Holmes, the biggest 5 year old I know, doesn't believe in Santa Claus? Have you ever? You know, believed in the old Saint Nick?”
“Make sure you get the sideburns. I don't fancy them.” Sherlock commented, trying to get rid of his uneasy sounding tone, but failing.
Sherlock kicked his foot like a child. “I still don’t want to go in there. Why did we invite so many people? I don’t even tolerate that many people. I blame you and all of those time you are far too friendly with people. You know that gives some of them the wrong impression about the status of the relationship. That’s how you got into trouble with some of them. Lucky for you, I was there to bail you out of them. I am not sure what you would have done on your own without...”
This was the hardest thing he had ever done. Or probably will ever do in his life in the future. Sherlock was sitting at the table, pen in his hand and a piece of paper in front of them which remained frustratingly blank. M
As they walked back down the aisle, with arms interlocked, Sherlock couldn’t stop from looking at John. “I love you, John Watson.” Sherlock said quietly as they reached the door.
“I told you Father Christmas was real.” John stated. “The cookies and milk are gone, and he left the gifts.”
Thoughts were pushed aside as the razor made the first slide down his cheek in John's hand.
Sherlock returned the kiss, deepening it, and wrapping a leg over John’s, pulling him closer, wrapping his arms around the soldier until it was hard to tell where one man began and the other one ended.
“It's not possible, and highly illogical. I refuse to listen to your hairbrained opinions any longer.” Sherlock flopped on the couch and curled himself in a ball, back turned towards John.
“Now John. I am supposed to be the emotional one. Don’t go getting all sappy on me.” Sherlock teased as he played with the short hairs on the nape of John’s neck. “I still haven’t told you what I woke you up to say.”
As soon as John vacated his spot, Sherlock flopped into it, plastering his face into John’s pillow and stealing the warmth of the sheets.
The detective nodded. “Much more my old self again. I concede the bathroom to your morning routines.” He quickly stood and left, closing his bedroom door behind him.
“Um, Sherlock? You should come out here and see this.” John called out from the kitchen.
Something happens when I hold you.
“No, she doesn't like you putting useless holes in her walls. There's a difference.”
Few more strokes with the razor. That made 24 small strokes in total. All committed to John's room in the Palace.
Sherlock scoffed. “Why would I believe in anything so trivial? It is....” He looked across the small gap between their chairs at John lounging comfortably and currently giving him a questioning look.
The cursor clicked on the file and it opened quickly to a still image of John in his military uniform standing in a modest looking bunk room. Already Sherlock was more than intrigued. He hit play before he even realized it.
“Fine. But we are talking about it when you decide to be done sulking.”
Sherlock clutched John’s hand, and brought it to his lips for a kiss. “Of course.”
“Go back to sleep Sherlock. It’s too early.” John mumbled.
John poured a few fingers of rum for the both of them and brought it back to the couch. “Here. That will help you warm up too. Since you have no body fat to speak of.”
“I don't know how you aren't cold.” John replied. “Your clothing is not the warmest and you don't even have socks on.” He put the kettle on, and came into the sitting room to wait. “If you get sick, don't blame me.
Almost cautiously, Sherlock sat down, and braced his arms on either side.
In fact Sherlock was not trying to delete it. But putting it in the safe in his Mind Palace. That way he could access it whenever he felt.
John chuckled. “Well, if you remember, you actually made the first move.”
“”I'm taking advantage of the sources I have. You're warm. So I'm using you as a natural heater.”
“I'm not going to cut you, you know. I have a doctor’s steady hand, and have done this a few times myself.” John said with a chuckle.
Christmas Eve came before they both gave the situation another thought. Sherlock was crouched over his chemistry equipment he had spread out over the kitchen table when John padded in and began grabbing different things. He pulled out a plate and a box of cookies and began pouring some on the plate.
“Discover what? That we love each other? That was obvious. From the very first day we met it was obvious. I was just waiting for you to make the first move.”
“Mmf, Sherlock, what...” John was trying to catch up on the sudden development.
“Perhaps your father was simply helping Santa that year? And then because you stopped believing in him, he stopped coming.” John offered as a suggestion.
Sherlock complied and began to relax into the motion and the sounds that were almost soothing. John was very gentle and methodical, perfect qualities in a doctor.
“You won't listen to me if I simply ask, so I've learned to demand.” John said as he leaned against the door frame.
He dashed over to the tree, digging through the colorful packages, trying to locate one with his name on it. Far back in the corner, he found something in a tall box. Pulling it free from the stack, he ripped it open as quickly as possible. John was standing back, watching with pure amusement as he watched.
“If you're going to stand there and watch, then you could offer to help.” He remarked, handing the razor towards John.
The sounds of running water came from the bath sink of 221B. John raised an eyebrow as he checked the time on his watch. He was proud of Sherlock having slept until late morning, but the last few days had been grueling for them both.
“I must be your most difficult patient to date” Sherlock said with a smirk.
Sherlock emerged from his Mind Palace to see the sun had begun to set outside the windows, casting shadows on the floor.
“But John, I have something to tell you. It’s important. I won’t be able to sleep until I make sure you hear what I have been up thinking about.” Sherlock practically whined.
Music was playing softly as all the heads in the room turned to look at the two of them. Taking a glance at Sherlock, John saw he had gone stiff with the direct attention. “It’s fine. Just focus on me, and we will get through this.” He whispered as he leaned closer.
“Why would I? The ruse was up, and my childhood crashed into the wall of reality. I’m sure they knew something was up though, because the whole Santa thing wasn’t there the next year.”
“He got it right. He really got it right!” Sherlock exclaimed as he finally uncovered the box. “This is the best Christmas ever!” He bounded over to John and wrapped his arms around his neck, pulling him in for a kiss. “Thank you John. You made this Christmas the best ever. I have you, and found Christmas magic again.”
“I still don’t see why this couldn’t be done at the courthouse and all of this been avoided.” Sherlock whispered back.
“Fine. No one better put this online later.” John shouted back as he turned his back to the camera.
Sherlock closed his eyes almost painfully began telling the story as quickly as possible. In the same fashion as when he did his rapid fire deductions.
“Uh huh. Thanks for that...” John said almost absentmindedly as he wrote things on the paper. “Alright. I have written a letter to santa for you asking for that specific microscope. I sent my letter out weeks ago, but I’ll put yours in the post today”
“Alright, go ahead. I won’t interrupt. I may however try to distract you. I am feeling particularly distracting at the moment.” John said impishly as his fingers softly brushed over Sherlock’s bare shoulder.
“However, with a bit of the right convincing, you might get me to recreate it for you.”
“Why would I do that when I have you to keep me warm?” Sherlock threaded his fingers under the hem of John’s jumper and splayed his hands over his stomach.
Sherlock looked at the gifts skeptically. “You had Graham come over and put them under the tree, didn’t you. I know you didn’t leave the bed all last night.”
The phone chirped in his hands and he hurriedly unlocked it to read the message.
He stood up and plodded over to the open door, still in his dressing gown. “I see someone actually got some sleep” John remarked.
John came around behind Sherlock, wrapping his arms around the detective’s shoulders and placing a kiss on the top of his head. “I’m glad for that. And I’m sure Mrs. Hudson thanks you as well.” He went back over and exchanged the block Rosie had for the teething ring, which she happily accepted.
“Mhm. And then the honeymoon. A week away with no distractions. Just you and me. And the occasional sheep.”
He woke in the morning tangled up with John in a rare moment of being dazed from sleep.
“What is this I hear? The great Sherlock Holmes is not wanting to be the center of attention?” John retorted in return. “Just go in there and be your wonderful self. And if it helps, just block everyone out of your mind. Pretend like they are not even there. I know you can, you do it with me all of the time.” John chuckled.
“So we are doing this now?” John said with a laugh. “I thought you said you were deleting the video from your mind? Doesn’t seem to have worked to me.”
“Go away John!” a voice said from behind the closed door. “I’m trying to delete what I saw I can’t very well do that when you continue to distract me!”
By his estimation, John would be back from the shop in less than 5 minutes. It was the most excruciating 5 minutes of his life.
“Sherlock, we are not feeding Rosie a frozen, severed finger. That’s what I got those gel rings for. Be a dear and fetch one of those.”
“Yes you are. But I suppose I tolerate it.”
“Sherlock what are you doing with my...” John trailed off as he saw the red faced detective whose eyes were about to pop out of his head.
“You're not mad?” Sherlock asked softly as he padded out.
John, my dearest John. I want to start this by saying I am grateful. I'm sure you never thought you would hear that from me but I am. I'm grateful for every cup of tea, every time you helped on a case, and being there when I needed a friend.
You keep my heart from getting broken.
“Of course you wrote a poem, you git.” John said as he wiped a tear that was threatening to roll down his cheek.
Sherlock scooted himself closer and rested his head on John’s shoulder. “I love you, John Watson. Always have, and always will.”
“Whatever remains, however improbable must be the truth.” Sherlock finished. “So, you are saying that I should consider that Santa is real and he is the one that brought us these gifts?”
“Alright fine. There was a breid of illogical thought I had when I was quite young. But my worldview changed suddenly one day and i saw the error of my ways.”
It didn’t seem to take very long before it was time for the vows. They had decided to write their own. John pulled out a small, folded piece of paper that had been opened and refolded several times. He cleared his throat and nervously began reading.
“Heating unit is broken. Mrs. Hudson tried calling someone, but they won't come out in this weather. Hence, the frigid atmosphere we find ourselves in.” Sherlock broadly gestured to the room around him.
“You and me...we were on the desk together, and I was in you, your legs were round my waist, we were fucking, completely going for it, and…”
Sherlock manoeuvred himself so his head rested on John’s shoulder.  John could smell his breath, still perfumed from the wine.  “I know you’re tired.  We don’t have to.  I thought… maybe I could convince you, though.  I want to have you, here, one last time.  Be inside you.  In my bed.  Please.  May I?”
“Say it again.”
Sherlock shrugged and shoved his foot back, smiling cryptically as he took a sip of his tea, which had obviously gone cold.
“It’s called ‘Mme Alfred Carrière’ and smells like heaven,” said Lestrade.  “These are old.  Heirloom, too, been here at least sixty years, maybe longer.  Roses take a bit of care -- got to prune them carefully so they don’t get too gnarled and barky.  But these particular ones, climbers, I can basically let alone and they do their thing.”
As if on cue, Navya entered the garden.  Her hair was pulled up in a French pleat, her name tag already affixed to the front of her tailored blouse.
There was a long pause.
"Well, you definitely need to rest," he said. "And the flat can be really distracting for you, so it’s not an awful idea," he said.
He even considered speaking to Mrs Hudson or Molly, but he was relatively sure he could guess what each would say. He also knew that both would be disappointed if he called John to say he’d changed his mind. Sherlock didn’t like admitting it, but both women’s opinions did matter to him. He knew that all he could do was to see how this played out.
"Well, that's one way of looking at it," Sherlock said. "If I were interested in any of this, I'd remind you that I have information that I could share if I were disappointed about being misled." He looked over at her. "However, I am not that interested . . . as I said, I need to work."
“It’s --“ Sherlock started, but stopped. He’d wanted John to be the one to look after him because John did that so well. He rolled over and stretched to turn on the lamp. “They’re healing . . . right?” he asked quietly.
“I missed sleeping here,” Sherlock said, closing his eyes and breathing deeply.
John laughed softly. "Come lay by me."
Sherlock opened the laptop and queued up an old black and white mystery. He got up and pulled a chair around to the foot of the bed on John's side and set the laptop there. He got back and climbed into bed. He handed John the little remote. "Whenever you're ready," he said, lying back against the pillow.
“I won’t set my alarm either then,” Sherlock said. “We can both sleep all day.”
