“I’m starting to think you’re only after me for my shield,” Steve says. “I fought with them, you know.”
Why won’t he give up?
Steve nods, moaning when Tony reaches for Steve’s cock and starts to stroke him with clever fingers. “Tony,” Steve gasps, running a hand down Tony’s back. He thinks he might accidentally have taken in some of Tony’s magic because he feels a thrill of familiar power jolt through him, liquid, his nerves sinking down into an intoxicating heat, the ice in his veins replaced by fire.
Tony’s smile doesn’t quite falter, but something in his eyes does. They haven’t really spoken of the Second Rune War, named for the revolutionary use of runes. Revolutionary, well. That’s one way to say it.
Stop looking away. Look at me, Tony thinks. He walks closer. “I fixed the world, you said it yourself. Did you lie to me,” he says softly.
He feels like he’s known Steve since forever. Does Steve feel the same? Is that why Steve was so pleased when Tony told him in the cell that night, when Tony told him that he was going to defect from Hydra? One person won’t make the difference.
(And damn it, he still needs to stop thinking of it as Afghanistan. Obie made it clear that the torture is inconsequential. It’s the metal suit he built that matters. Don’t let the torturers have so much control over him, not when he’s made something so glorious. So why can’t he believe that, too?)
Tony licks his lips. “Yeah.” He sets the fruit on fire, lets it burn, crackling with the flames. After it dies down, Tony splits the fruit again and hands it over.
If Tony possessed the shield, he would probably pointedly
(Which one?)
“Colder,” Tony rasps, and Steve nods.
He doesn’t. He couldn’t. “You’re Howard’s legacy?”
“No,” Tony says quickly. “That’s not…”
“It’s… amazing, is all.”
“Well,” Tony says, trying to think about more important things. Did they secretly have advanced technology in the forties? Have Tony’s kind of tech? AIs? No. Definitely not. Maybe he should check later. “Sure, Captain. All the better to discern me from my dad.”
Steve jerks back and he opens his mouth to speak, stunned, but Tony doesn’t let him, holding him there with a hand gripping his neck, leaning up to press their lips together. Steve makes a wounded noise, dropping the shield with a clang, opening his mouth, and someone in the room laughs, laughs, and Tony thinks that might be him, too.
Tony splays his hand, the metal spreading and covering his skin smoothly, like liquid. It glints red, lined by gold. “Y’know, I may have let you in here, but you’re not going to leave with anything,” Tony says lightly. The air buzzes with energy, threatening. “Just because you’re immune to magic doesn’t mean you’re immune to weaponized runes.”
“And if this fails?” Natasha asks.
(Where is Thor? Where are the others, they need to be here to disable the Purple Man, they need to figure out a way to do it without hurting Tony—)
“Steve,” Tony says, trying to keep his voice steady.
“Yeah, under the influence,” Tony echoes. He should be better than that. “No, really, that’s fair, Steve. That’s.” It stings, and. “That’s fair.” He sees the hurt and guilt skittering across his face, because Steve never thought to guard himself from Tony, did he? “There’s always going to be a next time, Steve. And a last time. It’s kinda part of the job description. There’s not really a retirement plan, is there.”
And say what people may about memory, Steve knows that sometimes just because people forget why something happened in the first place, it doesn’t mean they won’t remember to keep the distrust. People make sides without knowing what they’re standing for. Without caring, sometimes. It’s supposed to matter more than that, isn’t it?
“Well, it’s not that Asgard is only feasts and dances now,” Tony says. “Not that they don’t have those, but there’s more to this place than conquest.” He arches an eyebrow. “Though we all doubt it sometimes. Thor does good.”
Steve stares up in astonishment. He eyes the side of the tower, follows the sleek lines upwards. He’s willing to bet that Tony Stark is on the highest floor, where his name,
“I’ll paraphrase,” Steve says. He almost feels like he’s going to blush, for some strange reason. He clears his throat. “No, I won’t mention this. You have nothing to worry about,” he tells Bruce, who sighs and waves them over to a table.
And what Steve feels—it’s not anger, either. It’s something that takes his breath away, but lets him breathe at the same time. It’s someone. It’s Tony.
“They exist,” Steve says shortly. He knows how dangerous the stones are. How
“Is that an order, Captain?” Tony asks, twisting so he can face Steve. He bats his eyes and looks at him with a sideways smile, which seems to anger Steve further by the way Steve’s hand darts out to hold his arm. “Ooh,” he coos softly.
Tony thinks fondly, then suppresses that fondness because sentiment is stupid in this situation.
This isn’t fighting him off.
“I’m really doubting that’s all they said about this little thing I made here,” Tony says. He taps the reactor. Steve hears the magic hum louder when Tony taps it, like it’s reacting to Tony’s touch. Tony’s smile looks pained. “This can power pretty much anything, including me.”
“All the rune wars devastated the griffin population,” Steve says. “There was one made specifically to capture them, and after that...”
Tony quirks his lips up at him. “Ever the eager knight. Maybe you shouldn’t, for once.”
There’s no use dwelling on becoming obsolete, it always happens (except it didn’t, they always needed him, there was never such a big gap), but he’s not doing any fighting right now (or maybe there always is a gap like this, one that’s always growing). He’s waiting when he could be slaying monsters, protecting people. Doing what he’s meant to do.
“Why wouldn’t I be faring alright?” Tony asks, patting Thor’s hand lightly. “That’s rhetorical, don’t answer, I'm sure you gods are too busy to answer rhetorical questions. I’m here for something else.”
Tony laughs, because yes, it is.
Tony’s lived so much of life, this is just going to be one more thing on the list of what he’s done. Steve doesn’t want to just be a name to Tony, but being more than that to him when Steve knows that it’s a one-way trip for Steve, it seems too cruel.
“No. Tony. Don’t blame yourself.” Steve shakes his head. Thing is, it doesn’t matter, because Tony still hurt Steve, and he’s hurting him now again too, consciously. “I believe there won’t be a next time. You were under his influence—”
He could still be in a lab. That would’ve been better. At least then he has an excuse for being a monster—has other people to accuse.
Tony exhales, smiles a little. It’s genuine, but a little too bright, a touch sad, and Steve’s heart skips at the sight of it.
“It does,” Tony agrees slowly, then claps his hands. “Well, thanks Loki, Thor. Guess it’s time to disband.”
, it never hurts any less. This is evolutionarily
“You have me,” Steve says, deepening the kiss and showing Tony that he is definitely not a ghost and isn’t going anywhere, not without Tony.
“You were going to die! That amount of force, even some blond superhero of science like you can’t take it. Why did you do it?”
“Loki,” Tony says, sounding alarmingly fond in his exasperation. “Stop messing with the Captain.”
“Hm,” Steve says. “Politeness has really changed over the years.” He smiles, a hint of sadness on his lips. “Is that why people try to steal your work?” He guesses this is part of why Tony doesn’t work on weapons anymore.
“Yet you exist,” Wanda agrees, then sighs, frowning. “Winterveil would make it easier to approach the Rift, but it would be a one-way trip, and still very difficult. You cannot walk away from a magical black hole like that,” she says, doubtful. She looks at Steve. “Who do you know?”
Steve doesn’t think Tony brings up a lot of things, even when it could make others like him more. It occurs to him that maybe that’s why Tony doesn’t.
Tony moans, closing his eyes and sinking down as low as he can. Everything cools down gradually. He inhales deeply.
“Mixed in some interdimensional place,” Steve says, wondering if Tony knows of her sacrifice. Steve doubts it. History always seems to prefer Steve, prefer the one who they can point at and say,
“No, not that, either.” Tony mutters a curse. Nothing happens, and Steve realizes this is why Tony doesn’t use incantations. His Words don’t naturally hold magic. He’s worked around it, but he hasn’t worked around the promises he makes.
Pepper, blessed be, never says anything like he created JARVIS so JARVIS must listen to him. But she does make a weird expression. Like she is hesitant about something.
“Maybe I shouldn’t. You seem to be fine with watching as the world falls apart,” Steve says, lips curling up coldly. “You have the perfect view from up here.”
Right now, Steve’s words are lodged in his throat. Tony watches him swallow around them. Pain and worry and uncertainty crease his brows. There’s so much care and concern in his gaze that Tony can’t take it, doesn’t deserve to, not after what he’s taken from Steve, not after the pain Tony has left behind.
Well. Tony won’t let this fate shit get in his way.
Why did Steve—
“Good job, Tony,” he laughs at himself in the emptiness of the house, doesn’t know why he was waiting for congratulations from anybody. He can’t stop looking at the blue and red and white. “You did it. I’m proud of you, Tony. Youngest graduate ever, genius of the era.” He closes his eyes and tries to imagine Steve saying that, feels his heart crushed under the weight of what he’ll never have.
In the end, Tony can do everything except this, except save Steve, because his magic is too unstable, too broken, and he should’ve spent more time trying to fix that damn shield.
“Do you?”
It’s a feeling he can’t quite shake off.
“Are you most people?” Tony asks. “Yeah, no, didn’t think so. I hate it too, we can split the hate. I’ll be generous.”
“I didn’t feel that at all,” Steve says. “Are you sure?”
“Try me,” Steve says, undeterred. He’s always ready for a fight, but that doesn’t mean he’s not always ready to listen, too.
“I’m sorry,” Steve says, running his fingers through Giselle’s fur gently.
Steve was crying.
The machination in his ear shimmers red, magic pulsing throughout the pieces of armor that Tony is wearing.
They meet anyway. Steve finds him, apparently because he knew Howard and Fury thought it would be a good idea for them to meet.
Wanda gives him a lookover, then looks surprised. Probably by the lack of a signature. Magic nulls have always been rare. Not very welcome. “Who are you?” she asks, less hostile.
Tony laughs. “You broke into my tower the first time we met,” he says. “This was nothing.” His eyes dart around. He looks restless, like he’s expecting tentacles to sprout out of the rocks.
Steve takes out the scrap of parchment. He moves to hand it over, but Stark just leaves him hanging with a frown. “Can you read this?” Steve asks.
“Just buying a phoenixfruit,” Tony says, picking up a perfect, spherical fruit. “They grow these here.”
“He didn’t trust me to come see you,” Steve says. “I had to convince him.”
Tony shifts around in the spring, maneuvering himself face to face with Steve. They’re so close now. “Do you want to… push me away? I totally understand if you do. I’m not exactly the best company for anyone, you deserve much more than this, and I’m not holding this against you, I wouldn’t hold anything against you. You should know the truth, that I want you, I—”
(He knows this won’t last long, but when has anything ever?)
“Shall I tell Miss Potts to reschedule?”
“Why can’t you just learn to surrender?” Tony rasps. “Don’t make me do this.”
“I have always been Hydra. Unless you have proof otherwise.
“We’re lucky. The timing is good. We’ll wait till the Veil fades,” Steve says. “Until then, even I can’t contain the Aether.” Only when the Veil fades will Steve be able to do it.
“But he let you come,” Bruce reminds, tilting his head. “Did you trust him to come see me?”
And Tony won’t die, because he can’t bear the thought of Steve not forgiving him. He just rolls his eyes and says, “I’m just as much a destroyer as I am a creator, Steve. How do you think I’m so successful?”
Almost.
“Okay,” Tony says when he pulls back and shifts back and down, mouth at Steve’s crotch, hands on Steve’s hips. “Okay. Let’s hope this works, hmm?”
“Tony,” Steve breathes, placing a hand around Tony’s neck, and pulls him in for a kiss, shivering when Tony gasps and touches Steve, fingers trailing downwards to Steve’s thighs. Tony tastes like what Steve never knew he could have, or even want.
“We all thought you were swimming with the fishes,” Tony says.
“She really respects you too,” Tony notes, sounding fond again. Too? Steve agrees that Giselle must respect Tony very much, but that’s uncharacteristic of Tony to say, Steve knows that now. “So griffins like you back, I’m not surprised. Two iconic symbols, standing together. Hey, it’s like King Arthur and his griffin all over again, I should get a memory capture of this hanged on my wall.”
“I knew a pixie who was very good at that,” Steve says. “And at everything.” His eyes glaze over in reminiscence. “She loved magic.”
Steve catches him by the arms as Tony runs his hands over Steve’s naked chest. His touch is much gentler than his voice, which is hoarse and sharp. “Hey, Tony,” Steve says.
They sit like that for a while. Steve focusing on the steady but alive hum of the arc reactor like one would count a heartbeat.
He invents the tech to surgically take the shrapnel out of his chest first, of course.
“No,” Thanos says. “It’s not much of a world at all.”
(For them or for Tony?)
Oh. Yes. This won’t affect anything, not for Tony. Not really. It can’t. It shouldn’t.
“Saving your life,” Steve says.
Steve closes his eyes. “I knew it,” he says softly. When he opens his eyes, they’re dark. “You never defected, did you. Not from Hydra.” Steve is clever enough. He doesn’t need to watch a video of Tony eating Bucky’s heart to figure it out, or a confirmation that Tony has the power of memory absorption. “Tell me the truth, Tony,” he says coldly. He thinks Tony is lying. That voice, Tony doesn’t like (has never liked it) on him, but he sure uses it well.
The sound Tony makes is a mix between a groan and a laugh. “Steve, that’s the best thing I’ve ever heard,” he says, looking incredibly turned-on, and that’s because of Steve. He wants Steve, so badly that his cock is hard, dripping with precum between them when he kisses Steve again, their tongues tangling together, hot and filthy and full of want. Steve grinds against Tony, searching for friction, which makes them both moan.
It appears genuine. That’s what Tony is trying to figure out. He wants to disprove his theory.
The worst part is—if Tony had the chance, he would do this over the exact same. Even knowing what he knows now... He could. He can.
“Knock knock. You daydreaming there?” Tony drawls. “I don’t think dreaming is going to help anyone.”
There’s an extremely awkward moment of silence that draws out between all of them.
“Why does the great Captain of the Howling Knights need me? No one’s died. No casualties, the numbers are looking good.” Tony’s voice turns mocking, and Steve hates the way Tony reduces life to numbers.
He can get the inevitable over with.
Tony winks at Steve, and Steve feels warm. He didn’t think this was an option. Maybe it’s still not, it’s just a tactic Tony is using. “I uh,” he says, looking back towards Wanda. “Yes.”
“Joke in the face of fucked up shit? If not me, then who will?”
“Tony, if you’re trying to prove a point with me…” Bruce trails off.
“I don’t trust a guy without a dark side,” Tony says. That’s… a lie, but not quite what Steve expects, he thinks. He does trust Steve, alarmingly so. He just doesn’t get what makes Steve have him as a soulmate. Tony’s not going to catch him, he’s going to drag him down further, and he thinks he wouldn’t care either way.
Pleasure is easy. Tony doesn’t want to think about the rest.
“Related,” Tony says. “By blood?”
The grass frosts over, turning brittle and fragile when Steve steps into the forest. Steve looks up as snow starts to fall again. It’s weaker than before, faint, far from a storm, but it’s still there.
“You could’ve stopped me,” Tony repeats hollowly. He knows what Steve means, but.
Tony just nods, afraid he won’t be able to go if he says yes to Steve now.
Tony stands there for a moment, then says, “I am sorry,” in the most serious voice Steve’s heard him use with other people. “My speeches will never be enough for what happened to your country. I—I am sorry. I swear on my magic I mean no harm to you or yours.” He pours magic into his words, setting a binding oath, and Steve would sincerely believe his words even if Tony didn’t have a breath of magic in him.
Tony thinks dimly. He doesn’t need to look down at his body to know what’s there. There will be no scar, no visible ones, but everything is bloody. The tub fills up, water a deep red, just like all the waters Tony has ever been in. Some things never heal. Some things can’t be washed away.
This is the only opening they have. With the Aether preoccupied, he can tamper with the Rift. Undo the rune. Tony takes a deep breath, mana hammering in his chest, and puts his hand through the Rift, closing his eyes and reaching for the rune.
Steve grits his teeth.
“I’m fine, though,” Tony points out. “I do have J. A few bruises ain’t a flesh wound.” He grins, waving his very present limbs. “Plus I’ve got you, Pep.”
“Wow.” Tony looks amused. “Well, if Midgard needs my help, then Midgard is really in deep shit. How’d SHIELD mess up so badly
Neither of them denied it, which made Steve blush. They made their way to the location Wanda gave them, a bubbling hot spring in the night. The air is warm here, smoldering.
Tony’s magic seems to settle down after a while. “It’s my heart,” he says finally.
“Yeah, of course you did,” Tony says. “It’s always for the world.” The bitterness in Tony’s voice hurts because Steve knows it’s a double-edged sword, and Tony bleeds, even behind all his shiny armor. He’s just as vulnerable as Steve pretends not to be.
“You’re not from around here, are you?” the girl asks.
Tony opens his mouth to promise something Steve doesn’t want to hear right now, maybe later, except that’ll be the later they won’t have, and Steve can’t let Tony promise something he’ll have to break. Steve catches the words in his mouth, kissing them away. Tony lets out a ragged moan and says, “Steve,” gently pushing against Steve’s chest.
“Midgard needs your help, Stark,” Steve says.
...So what?
in nature... Weird. The tree didn’t foretell this, and the tree is a control freak. Funny that Loki should say that, honestly. I guess I’m bumping up my vacation to Asgard to earlier.”
“Poisoned—what are you talking about? Steve. Oh gods. Steve. You. What.” Tony closes the distance between them. “What the Hel were you thinking?”
. The traces of red and orange in the air shimmer away like stardust.
“Well, I’m weak, Steve,” Tony says, a shaky laugh bubbling out of him and yeah, he really does not need to have another breakdown right now, he should be better than this. “And who’s left?”
Tony really didn’t want Steve to see him like this. He’d stayed in his human form for a long time. While restrictive, it’s what Steve got used to. He feels a stab of frustration. Damn it. Even though this is on his own terms, he still hates it.
“I forgot,” Tony says. He didn’t want to stop. Their little escapade had been… fun. Now that they’ve paused on their little road trip, Tony’s not so sure they can restart it. “You should’ve left me in the prison, Steve.”
Steve tilts his head, smiling a little despite his weariness. The world always is ending. Every single time he is summoned, people tell him there’s a world-ending risk running around (except for that one time a few centuries ago when he was summoned by accident to clean up a mercenary’s room, and he’s still bemused by that).
He lets Steve hold him.
Loki frowns at him. “You are correct. The Aether. I do suppose you would know, Captain.”
“You can trust me on that,” Steve says.
“Magic that breaks the laws of magic. Monsters are appearing out of nowhere.”
It’s almost as bad as when they poured acid into his eyes to test how fast he healed. Their little experient had ended up being Tony’s little experiment. Tony discovered very quickly how slowly humans healed. Or rather, didn’t heal at all. That was interesting.
“No, I’m here,” Steve whispers, smiling. This is what it’s like to gain a world. A future. A home. “I think I finally woke up.”
Tony needs Steve to be able to stop him the next time Tony does something. Anything.
“Then let’s hear your speech,” a voice comes. There’s a shimmer and a young man comes to stand beside Wanda. “Tony Stark. I hear you are good at speeches.”
“I’m not sure if that helps,” Bruce says, but he’s smiling fondly when he says it. “Last time you dropped by on a social visit…”
Tony didn’t think it was a bait. He’s so disappointed.
What a shitty human he is. The it could be worse part? That’s a lie.
He did something even worse than what he remembers, and he already remembers ruling the world, remembers no one being able to tell him
“The arc reactor. I made it to replace my heart. My mana is, pardon my language, fucked up,” Tony says wryly, but there’s a sort of relief in his eyes, like he’s glad Steve is listening like this, glad he finally knows. “Curse gone wrong when I was captured.” He shrugs. “The rift must’ve messed with that, when I shot at the freaky ninja that popped up out of nowhere.”
Tony can’t say no now that Steve’s downstairs, so he lets him up and stares at him and thinks about how all this time (all his fucking life) he thought Steve Rogers was dead, and Tony never even had the right to mourn because Steve Rogers wasn’t his, he was always Captain America, hero to the
“That was one time. Or five, whatever, no need to be so precise.”
“That’s an understatement, it’s unstable as fuck,” Tony says. “Sorcerers don’t come here, it’s made off-limits by the High Witch in Sokovia, which is why I guess it took so long to pin this area down. Doesn’t stand out on its own.”
“You don’t have to do that, you know,” Steve says. “Make people not like you.”
Fury chuckles. “That’s Barton for you,” he says.
Snap of the fingers.
But she doesn’t smile back.
The edges of the building are soft, blurry, the whites white, almost invisible, in the snow. Steve blinks, cautious. He doesn’t sense an illusion, but something is off.
It’s true, anyway.
Yeah. Clint is going to be just fine. It’s the world that needs to catch up with the healing. “The memory lift came back. We pieced together the scene from what pieces he can remember. Ser, we’re going to need someone who can deal with a really high level of magic,” Natasha says. “And knows how to deal with this.”
“I mean, I thought it was just your run-of-the-mill apocalyptic scenario,” Tony says. He sounds interested now. “There’s a reality rift.”
“One, he's not exactly going to waste time haunting me. Two, aw, is the Captain scandalized?” Tony smirks, conspiratorial. “Don’t worry, I’ve said it to his face before.”
“No. I don’t blame you, Tony. I could’ve stopped you.” Such determination. “It wasn’t you.”
“Let me make you feel good. I want this. It’ll be the best you’ve ever had, nobody wants you more than I do,” he says, palming Steve through his uniform. Steve gasps, face crumbling, eyes sliding shut for a moment. “I’m never going to forget this either, Steve—”
“Yeah. Okay. Okay, thanks, J,” Tony manages. At least JARVIS is here to deal with Tony again if necessary. It’s not enough to settle his racing pulse, but at least he can’t get anywhere with JARVIS monitoring him. Not this time, now that JARVIS knows that could be a threat. That Tony is a threat. The countermeasures have always been there, dialed up now.
Steve hesitates. Tony knows he won’t be sleeping. “I should prepare,” he says, but not with very compelling conviction.
“I’m all for pranking the Captain, especially when it’s not my castle that’s being damaged,” Tony says, “but sadly there’s more we have to do right now.”
“What do you mean?” Steve asks, confused.
“What?” Why is Tony saying that? Steve stares. “Of course I care about you too,” he says disbelievingly.
“Don’t you think it’d be nice to dream, though?” Tony asks.
(Mr. Stark, I don’t wanna go—)
“I wish I hadn’t,” Steve says. Then frowns, going silent.
Steve shakes his head. He doesn’t like the idea of Tony always avoiding that, of no one genuinely asking Tony that. He doesn’t want to only be Cap to Tony. “Call me Steve,” he says.
He makes Steve feel present.
That was real. Tony saw that, too.
The weather is clear. The skies are blue, stretching on endlessly, past the mountains. There’s a fluffy cloud in the distance.
“It probably was also actually snowing,” Steve says. “I don’t mean to trespass on the authority of any weather gods. I—I’d stop it if I could.”
“Thank you, Tony,” Steve says.
And then, the pain hits. Or rather, it registers. He can’t stave off the transformation.
“Not anymore,” Steve says softly. “I don’t see that.”
me otherwise, Steve. How do you know me?”
Just one moment. Then, Tony will do it. He will. He can’t fail.
Tony wills his armor to come back around him when Bucky changes his stance and attacks, and Steve catches his blows, each hit sparking red and orange in the white backdrop, the colors clashing violently. Steve moves so fast, so amazingly fluidly, each motion so heavy that Tony can sense the impact reverberating in his core. But with each time they cross, they seem to flicker out of existence.
Steve‘s breath hitches, and Tony sees desire flutter past Steve’s expression. “Just stop talking, please,” he rasps. “If you’re going to do this, just stop talking.”
He doesn’t. He’s always wearing the suit, and he has no need to touch Captain America—who isn’t his. He refuses to be owned, because he’s had enough of being thrown away.
“People don’t buy those anymore,” she says. She goes to grab another bouquet of flowers, pausing slightly, lips parting before she smiles. “This one likes you. You should take it.”
“You didn’t need him for decades,” Tony says. His lips curve down as he thinks about all the time he had with the shield his father had given him, all the time he didn’t summon Steve even as he tried to fix the fracture. “I—I didn’t need him for my entire life.”
It’s why when Tony was controlled, he didn’t follow Steve’s wishes anyway. It’s why Steve would’ve taken Tony out in the end anyway. It’s why, despite knowing why he might be Steve’s weakness, Tony has to hurt him right now anyway. Otherwise, their enemies will use Tony to get to Steve, and Tony can’t have that.
“Haven’t you?” Tony asks, bitterly. “You seem to think I’ve done a lot of things I haven’t.”
For the first time, Tony wonders why Steve keeps him around if he doesn’t.
“I’m not going to tell them where you are,” Steve tells Bruce. Steve senses that Bruce, even though he doesn’t mention it, is bothered by Steve’s appearance. And not just by the fact that Steve was summoned by SHIELD.
.” He’s afraid if he lets this go now, again, Tony will keep hiding this forever, bury it so deep Steve will never be able to find Tony again. “Tell me I’m wrong.”
“Yeah, shit. It’s not Wish magic,” Tony says.
Bruce sighs. “And him?” he asks.
Tony has a point, but Steve doesn’t want to dwell on it. It’s not that he doesn’t appreciate humor, but it’s unfamiliar, rusted. The silence between them is tense, until Steve, surprising even himself, is the one who breaks it by saying, “There are at least two dictionaries. Let’s not be critical of Asgardian scholars now.”
Tony’s lips curve down. “It’s a one-way trip, Steve,” he says tightly, something hard in his voice, and it takes a moment before his eyes move to search for Steve.
The sudden light hurts his eyes, afterimages leaving spots in his vision, but they aren’t enough to blotch out what he's seeing. Forgotten things. Why can’t he process those flashes of memories? Is he—
“I like being known,” Tony says, smiling, but his eyes are narrowed slightly, and his smile is a touch too wide. Puzzled, uncertain, he doesn’t seem to know where Steve is going with this.
Tony seems—he seems to want Steve around.
“What about you,” Steve says, and he raises his free hand, fingertips brushing Tony’s wrist. He can feel the pulse of Tony’s heart, his blood rushing with mana. He’s never felt anything so powerful, so alluring, so alive. The arc reactor in Tony’s chest isn’t just providing magic, it’s controlling what’s already there, channeling it into something more bearable for the world. Steve almost can’t look away. He drags his gaze up.
Steve shows Tony his wrist. Tony can’t look away from the mark of the arc reactor, the glowing, beautiful mark that Steve has always cherished. Always. “I don’t need you to have a mark,” Steve says. “I don’t need myself to have a mark. I love you. Mark or no mark, in this universe or the next, I know I’d always have found you.” He smiles fondly. “You’re not the most discreet man. You’ve had my attention since day one.”
Steve tenses. “You’re using her. As transportation,” he says, turning to Tony. He doesn’t mean to be accusatory, but he doesn’t get the tone right, too alarmed by the unexpected scene. He instantly regrets the words when he sees the dismay that Tony hides almost as soon as it flickers on his face. It’s like watching the glow of fireflies fade in the night, soft enough that there is no afterimage when it’s left, so he almost doesn’t miss it when it’s gone.
Steve feels a pang in his chest. Why is Tony’s magic broken? Maybe being able to focus on something else will help. “You mentioned Wish magic,” he says. “Magic is about intent, right? The original caster must have Wished for something to come true, and the Aether interfered. So now anything we believe or fear to be true, happens.”
It could be worse. He might have never met Tony. By the Gods, if Steve hadn’t been summoned, or if…
“You did not mention in your call that you would be arriving with a relic in tow,” Loki says. “At this time of year, Asgard isn’t taking any relics as tribute, but thank you.”
The thing is, society is distrustful as a whole because it isn’t whole, and it’s easier when one group is at fault. People without soulmates are easy to damn.
It’s no wonder that Tony backs off.
“It was already warped to begin with. Face it. Yeah. I ended war by ending peace.” His definition of better was so, so wrong. “I’ve always been the best at making weapons. I’m even better at being one.”
this is the next best thing.)
Steve finds himself drawn to the fire, following the voice. It’s like he’s being summoned, but he has a choice in where he wants to go.
Tony flinches, a quick jerk of his head that he can’t stop despite himself. His words, they slip out even more easily, twisted by anger. “The world is safe, no matter what you seem to believe. It’s worth it,” Tony says. Which is… not the right thing to say. Steve drags him out of the tub.
“Such as the one that magic must have a caster, and that there must be a cost,” Steve finishes for Loki. The others look at him. Steve shrugs. “It explains the random disturbances.”
Tony smiles at him, then starts a small fire in his palm. Steve shivers. It’s very bright in the dark, setting Tony’s dark eyes alight.
Steve widens his eyes, soaked in water. He mutters something like always the futurist chained with
This is the same flower as the ones he saw around Wanda’s house. The same ones he saw at the orphanage. Wispy and white, a beautiful, mesmerizing look, bright even in the snowy Sokovia.
“That proves that you’re strong enough to resist it.”
What has Tony always wanted? He’s slipping back into the nightmare, the scenes becoming more vivid and the sensations clearer. His stomach clenches. Oh.
Steve doesn’t want to die.
“You would’ve been fine, Steve.”
Tony wants to yell at him that it’s okay. Tony wants to yell at him that it’s not. But clearly Steve didn't want to hear either option, and Tony doesn’t want to find out if either option would taste like a lie.
, but he’s grinning and happy and laughing. “Yeah?” he asks, and leans in to kiss Steve, sweetly and carefully like someone who’s afraid Steve is a ghost.
“Why? You didn’t think I would stop, did you? Unless you did something permanent? You should, next time.”
Fury frowns, moving beside Natasha so he can see the greyed parchment Natasha unfurls. Fury looks like he has a headache. “Damn,” he says. “Is it too much to hope that it’s a known one?”
“This is the first time I’ve seen something like this,” Steve says. “Magic used to be a lot more… incantation based. It was all about order, even when it brought destruction. Now it’s just…”
Steve shakes his head. “It’s nothing,” he says.
“Time was taken away from you, too,” Tony points out, frowning. “That’s not fair on yourself.”
It had to happen. They escaped the facility, but there are some things Tony can’t run from. And Tony’s not just talking about the bullet wound. A healing factor is extremely rare nowadays, but the way Tony goes about it is very unpleasant. This is necessary, Tony needs to see Steve’s reactions, but.
“Right. And you’re telling me you want me to track down an Infinity Stone. The ones that have been missing for millenia.”
He’s a futurist, he’s building the future, but he’s never been the one the future is for.
He knows, Steve realizes. Pietro knows. That must be why Steve didn’t, wasn’t able to tell at all. Pietro is too real to Steve, who of course can’t tell when people in Sokovia aren’t exactly here.
“Did I get hit by a stuttering hex? I guess I could look her up in the libraries, I do have a portable eye, courtesy of Asgard.” Tony’s eyes shift away. “But that’s like reading about you. It’s not real like that.”
“Jeez, you’re right,” Tony says, raising his eyebrows. Curious. That’s what that expression is. “But I don’t think Odin can hate me more now that he’s dead, so I think I’m safe.”
Steve arches an eyebrow, laughing a little at the role reversal. “You’re asking me why?”
Steve moves forward, touches the walls, focuses. The wall seems to shake beneath his fingers, the white paint peeling away, cracks breaking it like the roots of time. Everything dies down into a dull gray. “Not an illusion. Are you sure?” he asks.
“Tony,” Pepper says. She smiles finally, with exasperation, and Tony hates to see the dark circles under her eyes. “I’m glad you’re helping others. You’re doing great. But that high up, is there really enough oxygen for you to breathe?”
“Tony,” Steve says, and the Captain America voice is still going strong but he can’t hide his distress. He can’t hide that he knows exactly where this is going, he’s clever and they know each other too well for him to not guess. “I know this isn’t you. I believe in you.”
, Steve wants to say, and he’s seen magic warped before.
Wishing can’t change the past. It can only change the future.
Wanda narrows her eyes at Tony. “Official files miss a lot of things. Things people like you don’t care about.” She shakes her head. “What are you doing here?”
Tony needs to know why Steve hasn’t, yet. All his friends are dead, Tony’s made sure of it. The Underground resistance group’s fatal flaw was that everybody trusted too much. Not enough need-to-know going around.
. It’s not evolution. This is unnatural and messed up. He feels like he’s being chopped into sashimi. “Uhh. Bathtub,” he wheezes, gasping as the air he swallows feels like serrated glass, slicing his insides. It’s too dry. Too, too dry. His eyes, too, they burn.
“Still recovering,” Natasha says. “He’s healed up enough to tell us to kick ass.”
,” he says, and pulls Steve’s cowl off, sliding his fingers gently through his beautiful blond hair. He hands the shield back to Steve and offers, “Knock me out. Maybe even kill me—there’s a thought. Do you think you can do that?”
It’s just one night. Steve doesn’t have time for more than this, anyway. He doesn’t think he should. Once is enough.
Tony smiles. He tastes blood in his mouth. “Don’t I?” he asks, and is grateful that it’s time for the debrief so he doesn’t have to hear Steve answer.
Tony laughs. “No one believes that.”
This plan was, though, and this wound is worse than Tony planned it to be. He hasn’t eaten in a while. It messes with his regeneration.
“I lied,” Steve says, voice brimming with hatred and disgust, and Tony is (almost) shocked at the intensity. “I was hoping you would actually turn on Hydra if you thought we had something.”
“It’s not yours either, Iron Man,” Steve says, jaw clenching, unclenching. He has hardened his voice into something stronger, like the tone Captain America uses in battle, but it just sounds brittle to Tony.
“Hey, it’s fine, Steve,” Tony says. “Aren’t you going to sit?”
“You’ve fixed the world, Iron Man,” Captain America says, proud, and they look at the skies. Energy crackles, purple spreads. It’s all theirs.
The anger inside him keeps melting back into grief, searing loss of what they could’ve had together. Is this what Steve felt like every single time, when he woke up to a different world? To a world that never changed the way he wanted it to, that never kept anything for him?
Steve shrugs and smiles. “Oooh. Are they?”
That is not entirely true. “I thought you said you don’t make weapons anymore,” Steve says.
“I give you my Word,” Steve says.
He’s willing. He must. It’s nothing compared to Steve and Peter and Rhodes and everyone and he can’t—but he has to. He knows, in his bones, in the ashes he has become across all times and worlds, what will undo everything.
“You like griffins, huh?” Tony asks.
“Cap?”
Steve has his moments when he approves and tells Tony how proud he is, and Tony can’t take it because he’s the only one to say that without the subtext of
The best part is—no one will know.
“For you,” Tony spits.
“Yeah, I’m. I’m good. It’s just not the typical afternoon news broadcasts I get.” Tony shakes his head. “The breaking news is usually of the newest haircut trend.” He tries to smile, but it’s strained. “Probably mine.”
Stop caring, Tony wants to say, but he’s too weak to say it to Steve directly. He doesn’t even have the courage to leave right now.
Discomfort shadows Steve’s expression. “He warped that.”
“You’re making this—“ Steve takes a deep breath. “No,” he says, and who’s he trying to convince when he reaches out for Tony with hesitation weighing his hand down? “We don’t punish people for their potential. You believe in the future, don’t you? Just like how I believe in you. We see the good things. We also see the bad, but precaution is part of the job. Every… everybody has darker thoughts.”
“Steve.” Tony looks at him. “Steve, dear. You don’t need magic. You just didn’t steal a ripe fruit.” He shakes his head and laughs. “You stole a fruit—are you a fruit thief, is this going to become a thing? I don’t want to have to explain that to SHIELD when we come out of this.”
Steve leans up to taste the smoke. He slides his eyes shut, but he can still see the glow, still sense Tony’s magic flowing around them, embracing Steve.
“You know not much time has passed for me since we met,” Steve says. Thor looks older, he notices. More experienced. He seems to have grown a lot over the past century. That his genuineness remains strong makes Steve smile. “It’s been a few months for me, and you’re king now.”
“Are you alright?” He doesn’t want Tony to know about experiments like this—illegal alteration and enhancement of powers, of souls. He doesn’t want him to think about how it wasn’t always illegal. The fear of that constricts Steve in a way other things cannot.
Tony sighs. “You could’ve,” he disagrees. “You just didn’t want to.” Not after being in Tony’s company for three months. Nobody lasts three months, Tony thinks. He never lets them. He can remember the awful rush of water, flashes of red and gold, not being able to breathe. He feels sick. He feels hungry.
“You could’ve knocked,” Tony says.
It’s kinda funny, isn’t it? Being disowned would’ve been better. Then Tony wouldn’t have to inherit Steve’s death from Howard, too.
Tony jerks his hand away, surprise and trepidation chasing something else away. “Oh, you know,” he says, swallowing. “This and that. I hear shawarma is in great demand these days.”
“You don’t know what I want,” Tony says, words fusing with a surge of bitterness, “you really don't.”
shield.
“SHIELD seems to have done fine without me,” Steve comments, thinking of the few he’d had the chance to meet.
“You’re clearly not fucking fine, Steve,” Tony snaps.
“Maybe,” Tony supposes. “But right now, this is me.” He frowns. “And later, it could be me again.”
Tony doesn’t throw any offensive spells at him. He doesn’t look particularly surprised by Steve’s appearance, which means his security must be better than he’d let Steve believe.
“No, Stark. Not for me,” Thanos says. “Not for us.”
“Is that so,” Wanda says.
Tony lies there on the ground, eyes shut. He stays there for the rest of the night, for hours, each moment wasted rotting him, but he just can’t get up without sobbing, until he finally drags himself up when the sun peaks in through the windows. He takes a shower, longer than he deserves, it’s not like it can really clean anything, and exits his quarters. He checks his eyes in the mirror one last time, but it’s probably not the last.
They walk through and see the remnants. Steve can hear wailing souls, trapped in the place between worlds, not quite living, but unable to die in peace. Wanderers. He tightens his grip on his shield.
When Tony is ten, his mark manifests just like ninety percent of the population. His is a beautiful and shockingly
The Captain opens his incredibly blue eyes with a deep, rumbly sigh.
“What,” Tony hisses.
That’s it. Steve’s not letting Tony act like this. “We’re here to apologize,” Steve says.
“Fuck history, fuck fate. This was—is—our time. Our future. You don’t get to decide for us. You don’t get to decide who comes and goes.”
He’s with Tony.
This isn’t anger.
Everything tastes purple. Even iron rusts. Even soldiers break. But why? Why why whyohgod
“Let’s go back to the Scarlet Witch,” Steve says.
Hesitation brings pain, and for what? The inevitable ending and then apology, anyway?
With this, there will be no one else in the world to remember what it used to be. No more war. Finally. No one left to fight. Tony sinks his teeth down, and—
“Really,” Steve says, smile warming, and he can’t keep these words in. “I like your company too, Tony.”
Tony gasps awake.
Steve sets foot in what appears to be a workshop. It’s messy, an order that only the man who makes it can see. He pauses for a moment to get a sense of the place, expecting Tony to attack him on sight. They said he was impulsive, a risk to work with.
“I don’t even know what you’re even fighting for.” Tony is so sick of this human, being so stubborn about something he won’t say.
Great, he somehow exudes goodness, even more than he does in the pictures.
“I’m sorry. I’m sorry, Tony. We have now,” Steve whispers.
Clearly. There’s so much proof it overwhelms.
Tony yawns. “Seriously, what is this, J,” he says. “Is this an antique show? Do I have to go?”
Iron Man. That makes Steve’s heart ache. “What are you doing here?” he asks, accent heavy.
“You won’t ask.”
“Even Dum-E is having fun helping me out,” Tony says. “Not that he can do much.” The little bot chirps happily and pokes a stray suit piece with a claw. Tony beams at Pepper.
Tony raises his hand, and because he doesn’t need any casting time, apparently, Steve doesn’t have the time to tell him to stop, or the capability to hurt Tony by grabbing his arm and draining his magic. Light sparks at Tony’s fingertips. It quickly grows into hungry flames, and shockingly enough, cackles as if alive. He steps back, jerking away. Steve catches a glimpse of faces in the fire before Tony quickly releases the spell, letting the fire be blown away by the wind.
“It’s not just a big reality rift,” Tony says. He squints at something, eyes unfocusing as he checks something in his mind’s eye. “That rune, I think I know what it was for now. Yeah. Fuck, I’m going to need to find out what the witch’s intent was if we want to change it. How the Hel is the Aether able to rewrite reality?”
Tony really means it. Steve smiles at him. Tony’s presence grounds Steve, too. Maybe Tony is like Steve’s Reality Stone, he makes Steve feel like he really could do anything. “Even though my shield is cracked,” he says.
“He had you under mind control, too,” Tony points out quietly. “All of you broke free from his orders, except me.” He shakes his head. “From
Tony thinks. It would be easier. “Trust me,” he says. “It’ll be okay. We can make things better, together. I need you to—”
If Steve hates, Tony would rather Steve hate Tony than have it wasted on the Purple Man.
Steve hopes they would’ve met, one way or another. Everything can’t hinge on chance like this, but fate, that has to be real. Steve can’t bear the thought of them not meeting in any universe.
Steve finds himself missing the Asgardian mead. Everyone else always goes for the golden apples, but…
“Interesting,” Tony says.
Steve wonders after Tony’s mortal being dies, what immortal things he will leave created for the world. The thought isn’t like a knife through his heart. For that, it would hurt but he could pull the blade out and heal. Steve doesn’t want Tony gone. Why did Steve let his shield down?
“No, of course not. This is a totally social visit,” Tony tells Bruce.
(He’s not just that.)
Tony looks away, smiling wryly. “You did make me say sorry, though, so, we’re even. Tony Stark getting into a relationship with Steve Rogers, and saying sorry on the same day. No wonder it’s the apocalypse. I can cross those off my bucket list. Good job, me.”
Here, the monster is just Tony.
“You have more control. You always get to know who summoned you, Steve. That itself is the price you pay,” Bucky says. “I don’t.” He shrugs, a trace of pain and guilt in his eyes, and Tony watches as Steve’s face contorts with pain and regret.
Tony’s supposed to be the mortal one, he’s not supposed to have to deal with Steve’s death.
“Oh, no, brother,” Thor says, dismayed. “That is not good news.”
In one fluid motion, he sits up onto the side of the tub with as little splash as he can. He takes Steve’s hand and, looking up at Steve through his eyelashes, moves it onto his tail where Tony’s thighs would be. He leans close, head at Steve’s chest. He can hear Steve’s heartbeat, he always can. It’s so loud and steady, and always louder when he knows Tony is nearby.
“Move whenever,” Tony says shakily but gently, fingers carding through Steve’s hair. “Take your time. It’s okay. You're okay.”
“Favor changes like the weather, you know. Steve, why… you have so much faith in people you’ve just met,” Tony says, still not looking at Steve. “Why didn’t you have any in me?”
“JARVIS is an AI,” he says. “Much more than just a butler on the intercom.”
Suddenly, he feels another mind’s presence. Tensing, he stands up and spins around, armor sliding on.
Tony huffs, lips twitching up. Amusement looks much better on him than bitter wariness, which Steve knows wears a person down. “Odin was kind of a dick, I’ll have you know.”
“No. I’m out here, for once. This is me. All. Of. Me. See?” Tony licks his lips and smiles wide, all glittering teeth. His eyes glow purple. “
Tony looks at Steve, tilting his head. He reaches out for Steve’s hand, holds it tightly. Their hands are dry, as if it’s never rained.
Steve always has words to comfort others, always has undying faith even when the world is ending, and that happens a lot. It must be easier to save others than to save himself, right? Cap is a soldier, good at compartmentalizing even if that’s not a good thing to do.
And in the end, Tony is the one with Captain America’s soulmark on him.
But the shield is something they can’t know for sure is reliable, or even possible to use—it’s been fractured, and no amount of repairment efforts proved successful. She’s had a lifetime of knowing how reliable summons naturally can’t be. Plus, Natasha doesn’t trust its source.
Tony’s eyes flash. “Wow, breaking news, Tony Stark doesn’t have a heart. That’s really old news, Captain, you can rehash it with someone who cares,” he says. “See, the world’s always falling apart. It’s why you have a job. Except you, you don’t even get paid.”
A wave of anger hits Steve. He was really fazed by the Aether combined with the dream-related rune. Maybe it’s because he’s the summon. He blinks a few times, wishes he could be free of all his contracts.
Sorcerers all have some sort of anchor. Tony’s had to build his own. His arc reactor burns in his chest, and he can barely breathe as he reverses the effects of the rune, undoing it out of existence.
But the water sticks to you, and then you have to wash the water away too.
Then again, he doesn’t feel like Iron Man is a commonplace look either. It looks vaguely out of this time. Too shiny. Too bright.
“Why have you summoned me? What trouble has Midgard gotten itself in this time?”
“Doesn’t mean I haven’t been,” Tony says. Pepper raises an eyebrow. “I went flying a few times. Fresh air is good for health, or something.”
“We’ve used summons like this,” Fury says, reaching up to take off his eyepatch. “You hesitant, Natasha?”
Tony hates this. He wants to snap the flower in half. Wants the petals gone, gone with the snow that’s not here anymore.
Steve catches Tony’s arm before Tony can turn and walk away. He feels an odd tingle down his own arm, like a faint zap of magic, but he doesn’t let go.
(Steve’s eyes flicker to where the Purple Man is grinning, glee in his eyes, murderous. A threat, directed at both of them. How much control does the Purple Man have over Tony? What if throwing Tony hors de combat results in consequences graver than what he can accept?)
“Stop shifting the blame, Tony, nobody
“I shouldn’t have this. Nobody should,” Tony adds, feeling Steve’s breath ghosting over his lips, voice cracking. “But I need to.”
“Tony?” Steve asks, worry sharp in his voice. “Purple Man had you under his control,” he says firmly, and he clearly knows what happened, otherwise he wouldn’t stress his belief that Tony isn’t to blame. He would've wanted Tony to find out what time he’s missing. God. Steve remembers. Tony wants to kiss Steve. He wants to hide. “Mind control messes with the mind, it makes you not yourself. That’s the point, he’s gotten in your mind. Don’t let him.”
“I’m asking for it right now,” Tony presses. From what Nebula told him... “Think about Gamora. Let me bring her back. All of them.” He hates Thanos, but he needs to convince him more than he needs vengeance. Perhaps, with the power of the mind stone, his voice holds enough persuasion to sway him.
“People... have tried,” Steve says as Tony swallows him down. His fingers go to Tony’s nape, resting there, and Steve is trembling. Steve bites down on his lips like he’s holding something back, staring down at Tony with a heavy gaze, lust, and something softer, deeper, more damning.
“Fine,” Tony says, scoffing.
“Y’know, I was going to say that’s because you can’t have been in Novi Grad, it’s such a young city, but I thought so too,” Tony says warily.
It’s so cold.
“I’m going to elect to ignore that. Never did like history class,” Tony says. “Magic is being pulled apart by its seams, and when that happens—it used to be an if, by the way—the code in the universe is breaking.” He draws in the air off-handedly, the metal of his glove expanding to cover his entire arm. He conjures up a red glimmer—an identical copy of the rune, that’s not supposed to be this easy to draw, Steve watches in silent amazement—but Tony isn’t stupid enough to set it. “As much as I hate to say it, we’re going to need more help on this. I was going to leave this to Strange, but he doesn’t deal with the creation or alteration of runes, he just reads them.”
“What!” Tony says, jumping backwards, dropping the flower he was holding to his lips. His hair is a mess, he looks like he hasn’t been sleeping well.
“Why not,” Tony replies. “Why don’t you? You know what I do.”
“I can do it myself.”
“You’ll be okay,” Steve says firmly, like if he says so, it will be so. He’s operated on a lot of faith, and that is why he’s lost. Everybody has a price, and Steve is the only one left who seems to think freedom is worth paying for.
What does that say about their books?”
When JARVIS updates him on the status of Steve Rogers, Tony turns away and doesn’t contact him.
Tony builds himself an armor. Keep others out, keep himself together, it’s an open and shut suit. If he’s honest, Iron Man is not just to protect other people. And he is honest about this, it’s not his fault nobody believes him. He never said he was a superhero.
“I’m fine,” Tony says. The water sounds louden, stream morphing into a river. He flinches suddenly when a water droplet splashes onto his face. He wipes it away quickly. “Sorry.”
“No,” Tony snaps. His eyes are wet and he sees a blurry world.
“I’ll see if I can get any closer,” Steve says, opening his eyes.
Tony sounds a little displeased, look insulted. “It wasn’t,” he repeats mullishly. “Believe me, I’d know.”
“What do you mean, ‘what do you mean’?” Tony arches an eyebrow. “He was… see-through. Like he’s moving in a different plane.” He grimaces. “The whole city sort of feels like that.”
Tony looks surprised. “Okay, really, you would know that, how? You literally just woke up. Your armor, the adaptable dragon scale as it may be, doesn’t match the magic decay of this time yet.”
Maybe Tony can keep Steve distracted. Maybe Steve can distract Tony. It might be enough. He knows it won’t be enough. Except he knows… maybe was thrown out the window when everything became chaos, and the only thing left was what must be done.
“Tony… I want you too.”
Steve frowns. “When were you hurt?”
. Seems like it really is honesty hour.
But no one seems to trust him, and he can’t decide if that’s worse than if someone did.
“Steve?” Tony calls, confused.
“Wield the gauntlet after all. Stark, go home. You fail every time after the first.” What? “Your people will begin to justify my actions soon, if they have not already. Death meets us all in the end. History and fate prove that what I’ve done is better—”
“Thor does not think that,” Steve says. “He is a good king.”
In the end, Steve and someone who appears to be an old friend from eons ago fight, but it’s not much of a fight.
“Not physically, anyway,” Tony says. “So. Why didn’t you say so?”
Giselle stops when the snow becomes too much for her to fly Steve. They thank her and Tony tells her to put it on his tab.
“Oh. No. I can fly,” Tony says. “Don’t need wings when you’ve got anti-gravity magic.” He wiggles his fingers and hops off the ground, effortlessly hovering in the air.
Tony presses his lips against Steve’s skin, an obvious kiss. His lips are cool against Steve, who radiates heat. God, he’s hungry, and cold. His breathing grows fast, erratic, and he moans at the thought of all that he’s going to do. Desire overwhelms.
“Why do you never take this seriously?”
“There’s nothing to be sorry about,” Steve says.
“Well, you can’t miss it,” Tony says. “People find it very off-putting. It’s considered rude, to publicly flare your magic, and this gives people headaches.”
“Oh fuck.” Tony‘s breath hitches and he shivers. “Okay, that’s a thing, I guess, I can feel my magic in you. Gods, Steve, you’re so—” He bites on his lip and throws his head back, eyes shuttering for a moment. When he opens them, they flicker blue with his mana for a moment before it fades. He looks at Steve seductively. “Do you want to fuck me?”
Delighted, Iron Man says, honest as he’s ever been, “For you.”
He looks so worried. Like he cares.
“Rise and shine, Steve,” Tony says, visibly relieved. His voice sounds hoarse and he looks like he hasn’t slept in even longer than usual. “You’re awake. How was your beauty sleep?”
“What.”
Anguish is colored blue, the same color Tony painted his sky. This is what the sky looks like when it’s falling.
“What happened to together?” Tony sounds betrayed, and Steve wants to punch whoever made him feel like that. It’s himself. “Why do you want me gone?”
“She said it’s supposed to be calming,” Tony says, stretching his arms. “Which it is. No one has summoned any tentacle monsters.” He smirks at Steve. “Yet.”
Fear drives Tony to focus on what he can’t lose.
There are so many things that Steve wants to say, but they are not what other people want to hear. They only want to hear what the Captain has to offer. The time the Captain gets from the contracts is not for Steve.
Tony blinks at Steve, eyes piercing, with that an intensity that makes Steve wonder if Tony has non-mortal blood in him too. There’s a terrifying gentleness in the way he captures Steve’s lips again, hands curling around Steve’s hips.
They both nod.
“Is this what you want to do? Like this?” There’s tight anger, there. Like it might be Tony’s fault for ruining them, when Steve’s the stubborn one who won’t just surrender. It’s fine. Tony wants to show him.
He looks around. In the distance, there’s a light source. A blue fire. Warmth. He moves towards it even as the gale tries to blow him away.
Howard has never given him either time or faith, anyway. Tony had never asked to be born into this broken family, but the threat terrifies him anyway because he still has always considered his family family, and this would hurt his mom so bad.
“I had to do it,” Steve says. He needs Tony to know this, at least. “I had to.”
“Steve feels pretty dead,” Tony says. Steve deserves to experience so much more of the world that he saves again and again. Tony wants to see his smile again, wants it to chase away the deep sadness that always seems to linger in his gaze, wants to—
Tony’s eyes are dark.
“Well,” Tony says, “that’s not normal.” Steve can feel Tony’s arc reactor reacting to the mutated magic in the air around them. His signature struggles to stay steady, betraying how rattled he feels, being not in control of his magic.
Steve’s lips curl down. He was right. “Whoever controls the Aether, controls reality,” he says.
“Yeah, I know it’s unfair of me, we've only known—what,” Tony says. “What?”
“Perish that thought. I’m planning a coup as we speak,” Loki informs him.
“Too much to lose,” Tony replies smoothly. He leans up to kiss Steve again, roughly, and he thinks one of them has drawn blood, like copper, like rust. “Why would I risk it? But it’s fine. I have you now.”
It is dead silent when Tony opens his eyes.
Tony smiles. Thousand watt, Times person of the year how many times now? Tony fucking Stark, and if Steve had a tail it’d be wagging happily, because Steve’s smile just brightens as he says his name.
Steve looks at him, surprised. “What?”
Steve lets that one go, because he has more important things to say. “Please don’t tell me you’ve been sitting here the entire time,” he says.
