Mind made up, he turned the car back on, and risked a glance out the windshield into the darkness. That was all there was to see outside the small circle of light left by the headlights; the demon was gone. Castiel found himself breathing a sigh of relief as he turned the car around, though it was short lived. Despite being in a moving vehicle and the demon clearly gone, he couldn’t help but feeling he was being watched. There was a brand of glowing red eyes centered in the circle of his back and Castiel knew without a doubt the sensation was there to stay. No point in losing one's prey at this stage of the game, right?
The sour sad scent of Meg intensified leaving Dean struggling not to sneeze but he still caught her quiet voice when she said: “Okay.” All the air in Dean’s lungs exhaled in a quiet rush of relief. Despite her being complacent in whatever game Castiel was playing Dean still wished her the best.
They spent the next twenty minutes in companionable silence and comfort. It went a long way to easing some of Dean’s frayed nerves. In truth he knew he wasn’t ready to go back to work; even putting aside the paleness, the blood-shot eyes, and the lingering exhaustion, Dean felt like warned over crap. Everything in him begged for him to go burrow back under the blankets until he felt better. He wasn’t wrong when he told Benny he needed to go back today. Heat leave is a mandated requirement for all omegas, but it’s also only supposed to last four to five days…Not eight. Dean was messed up like that; had been since he presented, yet there wasn’t anything he could do about it. He couldn’t change his biology no matter how much he may have wanted to. The only thing he could do was live with it and try to make the most of it, no matter how much it may suck.
Dean couldn’t help it: he snorted. Apparently Meg fancied herself as a comedian or something. “You’re hilarious.” He deadpanned. There was something surreal about having a normalish conversation when he was handcuffed and naked under a blanket. “Why am I here? Where’s Castiel?”
Gabriel was just getting started, or perhaps he hadn’t even finished talking as he continued whispering harshly against Castiel’s head. “--Can’t believe you’d do something so selfish kiddo! What were you thinking?”
“Hello Gabriel,” The man greeted, not at all perturbed by the look of building outrage on Gabriel’s face. “Please don’t worry, I come in peace.” The guy's lips twitched like he had said something funny and was trying not to laugh.
He thought wearily as he carefully hunched down in the dumpster’s shadow. It was uncomfortable as hell--the cold rough ground soaked through the thin pajama pants sending shivers up and down Dean’s spine. Pulling his knees in towards his chest he curled up in as small a ball as possible. It wasn’t the Ritz (not by a long shot) but hopefully it would do to make it through the night. Dean squeezed his eyes shut and hoped for sleep to take him.
Dean pondered as he shuffled his way into the bathroom and headed straight for the sink. He wouldn’t be surprised to learn that Sam didn’t know yet, and Dean would have no one to thank for that except himself. He had been vague with Bobby on taking time off and since neither Sam or Bobby called Dean regularly it could be close to a month before they realized. The thought was sobering, and Dean frowned at his reflection in the mirror above the sink.
The inside of the club is a riot of colors and sounds. There are people everywhere and everything is bathed in bright blue and orange and pink lights. It's also blaring out heavy pop music at a level Dean would normally attribute to a rock concert. It's no wonder then that Dean finds himself hopelessly lost just a few steps inside. If it wasn't for the way Castiel's hand was still clamped on his arm he was sure he'd have been swept away from it all. As it is he offered up no resistance as Castiel leads him through the throng to the seating area just off the edge of the dance area.
Dean thinks sometime later as he dodges his way across the crowded dance floor towards the back of the club. It’s Omega night and the damn place is packed to the hilt, something Dean wouldn’t normally mind except for the pressing fact that he needs to piss like a damned racehorse. Cas had been feeling ‘frisky’ tonight since they both managed to get the weekend off work—an occurrence Dean was still surprised at—and had insisted upon starting the weekend off right despite it being two days away.
“Dean!” He finally breathes out, horror and relief all wrapped around that one word as he falls to his knees beside his brother’s body. Sam wants so badly to touch him, but he doesn’t.
“He won’t believe you!” Dean shouted to his brother’s retreating form. Leave it to Sam to cross the distance in no time flat...the man really was part moose! Shaking his head, Dean followed. Bobby wouldn’t be happy, he knew, but oh well. It wasn’t like this was the first time he’d been late and probably wouldn’t be the last!
Hence his current predicament: rushing through the throng of people as fast as he can, which considering the crowd isn’t quite as fast as he’d like to be. Dean winces and hunches down, his hands curling into impotent fists at his sides. He hasn’t needed to piss this desperately in a helluva long time and he fully blames Castiel and his non-stop drinks for being ready to pop like an overfull balloon.
….And pulled
Warnings: Mentions of the aftermath of the beating, Dean has a breakdown.
Sam thought as he sprinted past, the fences becoming a blur of color in his periphery.
Dropping his hand back to the railing he sighed and looked around the stairwell for inspiration. There wasn’t a whole lot to see—the walls were plain white painted concrete, and aside from small deep dark blue signs indicating that indicated the levels, they were bare. He turned to look at the door he’d come through, eyeing the ‘Level 5’ sign apathetically.
He got a wan smile in response from Gabriel but that was it. Fortunately for the both of them a third head popped up just over Gabriel’s shoulder, scowling at the both of them. “Are the two of you about done with this love fest?” Balthazar drawled, his thick accent making his words sound bored. “Because the neighbors are starting to stare and frankly that seems more trouble than either of you need right now.” Just like that he was gone again, disappearing back into the relative safety of the hotel room.
Dean averted his eyes from the mirror, not wanting to see his face as he recalled what had come next. It had been like something straight out of those omega abuse movies they made pups watch in school. Castiel’s eyes had flashed alpha red and before Dean could react he had lunged across the table at him. From there things had gotten foggy though Dean was certain he had hit his head on the table when Castiel knocked him and his chair over. The alpha had wielded fists and slurs with accuracy and Dean had been trapped. He shuddered, fingers coming up to gently probe the line of bruises decorating his jaw.
“Look.” Meg started, momentarily abandoning what she was doing to look over the bed at Hannah. “I know this is less than ideal and if I had any other ideas I’d absolutely wouldn’t turn him out into the cold but it’s all I got. Clarence will be back in two days, it’s going to have to be enough for Dean to get away otherwise. . .” She let the statement trail off as she frowned down at Dean. “The whole point of this is to save him. You said his brother has been looking for him?”
The checkered laminate tabletop was slightly sticky and held the faint scent of lemon-scented cleaner. There was a laminated sheet of paper serving as a menu upon it and Gabe picked it up, looking over the options. The place seemed to have the standard diner fare; a mix of breakfast and dinner options, and full of grease. Toss in an extra large cup of coffee—which yes, they did have—and it was perfect.
He thought, barely repressing the urge to roll his eyes at Sam’s overly loud hysterics. “Will you tone it down some?” He gripped, shooting his brother a witheringly glare. “I tripped coming down the stairs, do you really need to broadcast it to the entire neighborhood?”
Unsurprisingly, it isn’t much. Food has been nothing more than a distant memory since he first came here and Dean can’t recall the last time he drank anything. He retches again and again, the motion making his stomach and throat burn despite nothing more than a thin watery mixture of saliva coming out. It’s painful and tears spring to his eyes, unbidden.
A practiced flick of the wheel and Castiel’s confusion only deepened. Through the dim, flickering light he was able to see he was indeed ensconced in wood at all sides, and if he didn’t know any better he’d swear it was a coffin...but that was impossible, right? A cold creeping sensation moved up his spine as he scanned his memory for knowledge of how he’d gotten here, only to fall short. Wherever he was he didn’t remember getting there which meant… Castiel couldn’t even think about it. He became a man enraged, kicking and screaming and clawing at the wood like a wild animal. He thrashed and tossed the best he could in his confinement until he finally hit pay dirt, literally.
“Because you’re the best,” Bobby said as though it was simple as that. “We all discussed it and you were the best choice for the job if you want to take it. There’ll probably be a promotion in the works for you afterwards.” Bobby went on as if his words were helping rather than sending Dean deeper towards full blown panic. “I know you’ve been wanting to make a garrison leader someday…”
idea in his opinion. If nothing else it would hopefully go a long way towards making him chill the fuck out so he could relax and enjoy this. “And yeah. The meatballs sound awesome!”
this. He climbed onto the bed and settled into place straddling the omega’s bound body. Dean was a long line of tense rigidness underneath him, and oh so beautiful. Castiel wanted to take the time to worship him like a fallen god cast asunder yet at the same time he wanted to rip Dean apart with his teeth. “You’re so, so good.” He told Dean as he draped himself over the tense form, enveloping him in a terrible parody of am embrace. Dean was hot under him, burning up, and the feel of his body against Castiel's, even without moving, made his cock twitch in interest.
A loud ringing started in Castiel’s ears, drowning out the world around him. How? How had this happened? Balthazar’s mouth was moving, his cousin possibly explaining, but Castiel was beyond hearing him. His whole world had tunnel-visioned down to the dead man in front of him; everything else was irrelevant. No matter what had happened his brother was dead and Castiel’s life was crumbling right there before his eyes.
Feeling dread sinking down into his bones Sam bounded up the front porch steps and bee-lined for the small row of resin garden gnomes that sat alongside the far edge. Sam, like most sensible people, had always found the gnomes to be vaguely creepy, but Dean on the other hand, actually liked the ugly things. It didn’t help matters either that each one of the gnomes were decorated differently. There was everything from your basic gnome straight down to one wearing nerd glasses and holding a cellphone. Rolling his eyes, Sam reached down and plucked the summer gnome up. This one was Dean’s favorite--the gnome had a chip in his hat where it had been dropped and was wearing beach shorts and flip-flops.
Dean frowned, obviously confused. Had he gotten something wrong? “My superior, Bobby, said you needed help with the demon Asmodeus.”
happen. Case in point, he had roused to the sound of voices talking somewhere close by.
maddening!
See end note for a brief description if you'd rather skip it.
? Hell was..Hell! It was full of smoke and brimstone and souls getting tortured in ways Dean couldn’t even
He mentally begs though the words don’t make it out of his mouth. He struggles to even out his breathing, hoping she would take the hint and go along with him pretending to be asleep. Surprisingly it doesn’t take very long until he actually is.
(See the end of the chapter for
“I know it’s none of my business,” Garth piped up from the front just as Dean’s phone went still once again. “But let me guess--jealous ex? Whew! I’ve been there before. It ain’t fun, let me tell ya!” He took one hand off the wheel and waved it around to emphasize his point. “I know it sucks but you can’t let it get ya down, ya hear me?”
For the first time in however many days he thinks longingly of his brother.
Seeing the way Benny was eyeing him with something akin to sympathy, Dean hunched down into himself and settled for glowering. “You know I gotta go back in today.” He finally said, voice subdued and filled with the exhaustion he was feeling. “I’ve already been gone eight days, anymore and we’ll get behind more than just one episode.”
He hadn’t realized he had drifted off to sleep again until Gabriel found himself rousing at sounds of quiet talking going on around him. “How is he doing?” He heard Dean ask, listening as the sounds of footsteps the angel came closer to the bed. He stopped beside what Gabriel assumed to be Castiel’s side. “He woke up for a few minutes.” Castiel replied, his voice tired. “I don’t think he’s aware of much, they have him pretty sedated.”
“I already know how this works!” Cas snapped, suddenly angry with the whole dog and pony show. He knew what he was doing; it was better to just get on with it. “You get my soul and I get ten years.”
“Dean! Are you okay?! What the hell happened!?” Sam squawked, horrified. He stood frozen with one hand still poised where he had been knocking on Dean’s door. When his brother hadn’t showed up for work he had expected to find him in bed sick...not like this! Dean was sweating and pale, dressed only in a pair of faded plaid boxers and a ratty gray bathrobe. While that was mildly alarming (because really, Sam didn’t want to see his brother in boxers thank you) the large purplish bruise stretching across Dean’s torso was horrifying. The matching purple black eye was just icing on the cake of ‘what the actual fuck’ running through Sam’s head.
It took a long, long time for Dean to even think about moving again. His mind was blank as he carefully uncurled; his body stiff and cold from laying on the floor. Since he couldn’t use his hands it took a while, but eventually, with the help of the bed, he made his way to standing. From his new position the bedroom looked smaller. He couldn’t test it, obviously, but he was sure he could reach the exposed beams of the ceiling with his hands if they were freed.
Castiel scoffs in response, shaking his head. “Do I look like I’m stupid?” He asks rhetorically. “You think you’re gonna grow a pair and take it from me? All you have to do is say the word Dean. We can end this right now. We’re going to go and have a little talk, you and I,” His blue eyes slid between the brothers. “And I won’t even hurt Sammy, how about that?”
Castiel squirmed in his seat as he felt his face flame at the memory. Now that he’d had time to think about it he was embarrassed by what he’d done. In the heat of the moment it had felt good, better than good, but given too much time to think had quelled any high his orgasm had given him. Not to mention the fear lingering in the back of Castiel’s head of what Gabriel would say if he’d found out what Cas had done. Despite his brother’s fervent ongoing jokes otherwise Cas hadn’t been a virgin since April Kelly had taken him back to her house during their junior year of high school. While he knew for a fact that Gabriel knew about that incident his older brother couldn’t help himself from making jabs about Castiel’s sex life--or lack thereof--since.
Before Dean could so much as blink Castiel’s suffocating weight was off him. Next came the thin protection of the blanket causing the naked omega to shiver under the onslaught of the cooler air from the room. Castiel’s weight returned a moment later as he clambered back on the bed and proceeded to smash Dean underneath his weight. He sat straddling Dean’s side, rendering it impossible for the other man to buck him off. “Now, where were we?” He asked as if they were discussing the weather and not Dean’s bought of insubordination. It was the only warning Dean got before Castiel began: “What.” Punch. “Did.” Punch. “You.” Punch. “Say?” Punch.
It’s a familiar request, and just like every time he’s asked it, Benny turned to look at him with one eyebrow raised. “Breakfast, eh?” He parrots, trying and failing to keep the amusement out of his tone, “Do I look like I work for McDonald’s?”
be if he gets a say in it! Just thinking about Castiel wanting him makes him all hot and bothered to the point where Dean can hardly remember his own name let alone—
He thought as his empty stomach gurgled at him. Meg still hadn't brought him any food, citing Castiel's rules but Dean had found a way around it. Sort of. Leaning forwards as far as he could without overbalancing, he stretched until his head came to rest against the cool metal of the sink's faucet. Less than a second later, water began spraying from it and Dean wasted no time in twisting enough to aim his face underneath the deluge. He drank as deeply as he could despite the painful twinge of the cold water hitting his empty stomach. He drank until the water stopped and then finally leaned back, panting. Water dripped down his face and continued on but Dean hardly cared. He took a couple of deep breaths as his body adjusted before he leaned down and repeated the process.
The guitar laden sounds of Whitesnake’s ‘In the Still of the Night’ vibrated through the car, trying its best to lift up Castiel’s mood along with the music. Any other time the familiar music combined with the otherwise stillness of the early morning would have been a balm upon his soul but this morning the effect was lost on him. It was a shame too: the sun had just barely crested the horizon leaving the world in a brightening darkness that Castiel loved to witness. Today, however, his hands tightened upon the steering wheel as he first glanced at the passenger seat where Gabriel was sound asleep before moving to glance at the backseat where Dean was sitting stock-still like a statue. Castiel shook his head as he turned his attention back to the road, his mouth settled into a tight line of frustration.
Dean goes into heat thanks to Castiel mating him against his will. Meg finds him on the bathroom floor and does her best to help clean Dean up. Meg starts to have doubts about what her and Castiel are doing to Dean.
Dean didn’t need to be told twice--between one blink and the next he was at the hunter’s back, half afraid he was going to get the door slammed on him after all. Thankfully the hunter not only let him in but waved him towards the small table and chair set in the corner before he continued on further into the room. Dean followed eagerly, looking around curiously as he went.
“That’s good!” The voice praises, which is nothing short of ridiculous, considering. “You’re doing so good!” Is he? Dean makes a noise that could possibly pass for a grunt, or maybe a hum if it was strangled first. It’s starting to scare him, the way this voice is speaking to him like he’s a pup, and he must wonder for the umpteenth time what the hell happened to bring him to wherever this is. Whatever happened must have been bad, he figures, starting to drift to where the pain isn’t so intense. The voice starts talking above him again, but Dean’s done listening. It comes and goes like waves lapping at the shore and Dean drifts off listening to the steady ebb and flow.
!” The first voice exclaimed, sounding distressed. “Are you kidding me?! THIS is your ‘little secret’?!” The voice rose in pitch, bordering on hysterical. “Please tell me this is your form of a sick joke.”
Lifting his head he looked around, frowning at all the nothingness around him. He could possibly try breaking into one of the buildings but honestly Dean didn’t feel up to the task. Not to mention it would probably bring law enforcement of some kind down on his head and then where would he be? He couldn't currently string a sentence together but he had a feeling the cops would be interested in getting ahold of him. And what about Hannah? Dean had promised them, at least he figured he did since he couldn’t remember, that he’d stay away from everyone else.
….And wait.
hadn’t been the one who was stalling, but he closed it at the last second. Semantics hardly mattered when in the end it boiled down to the demon was correct: they needed to get a move on here. “What do I have to do?” He growled, straightening his back and looking every inch the deadly hunter that he was.
Licking his lips, Castiel leaned over and repeated the bite on Dean’s right side, riding out his bucking this time. Oh yes, the alpha groaned. Obedience was excellent to have, but this? This little act of uncontrollable defiance? This was what Castiel wanted the most. When he finally pulled back he grinned down at his handiwork. The bite marks were nearly identical and were deep, even bleeding a lot. Dean would be feeling them for days, if not longer afterwards. “So perfect!” He cooed again, unable to resist as he stroked the small of Dean’s back, electing a shiver to follow in his wake.
Dean groaned to himself, leaving heavily on his living room doorway for support. One hand was carefully wrapped around his ribs while the other was clutched white-knuckled on the doorframe.
~*~*~
“Great!” Meg beams at him and goes to stand, carefully pulling him up with her. It’s a bit awkward cause of all Dean’s hardware but they finally make it and Meg offers him another grin once they’re both up. “Okay, I’m going to start filling the tub and then go straighten the bed covers for afterwards.” She says, gaze pointedly looking at the way Dean’s squirming tellingly now that he’s back on his feet again. “Just give me a call when it’s ready!”  And with that she reaches down to turn on the taps before turning and heading back into the bedroom, tossing a wink over her shoulder as she goes.
Castiel was enjoying this immensely. He shifted, his jeans feeling incredibly tight against his straining erection. There was just something
With a defeated sigh, he dropped his hand to rest on the steering wheel. All lack of current living situations aside, it’d been a long four months. Hell, it’d been a long
The low lights in the vanity have bathed the room in a dim golden glow, but it’s not the light that makes him pause even if it does make his eyes water. No, that honor goes to the sight of himself in the giant mirror set above the sink. He’s a two-legged
That garnered another laugh out of the demon as it smirked widely at him. “If only we had the time!” It sighed dramatically as it sashayed closer to him.
Normally he could ignore it but on mornings like this one, where he’d woken tired and strung out after finally coming down from yet another grueling eight-day heat, the realization that he wasn’t getting any younger was like a slap in the face. It hardly helped matters that he hated mornings like they were a plague either. They were usually far too early for his taste, too bright, and often contained Dean’s overly cheerful, seemingly perpetual easy-going, personal driver Benny picking him up.
He could feel the tell-tale burn of tears building behind his eyes and he blinked furiously, not wanting them to fall.
He told himself, though the realization fixed nothing. The fear still lingered, sharp and piercing and Gabe knew if he closed his eyes he’d find himself right back there again. Groaning softly to himself he scrubbed at his face with one hand as he tried to figure out what to do. Going back to sleep obviously wasn’t an option, and as much as he wanted to, waking Castiel wasn’t one either. His brother could be a real dick when he didn’t get enough sleep and after the past few days that they’d had Gabriel was loath to interrupt his rest. That only left one option then: he needed a drink. Preferably, several of them.
She did not look back.
Dean was ninety nine percent sure he heard his brain record scratch? Wife? Castiel had a
“Oww!” Dean whined, still more asleep than awake, though that was rapidly changing. He didn’t recall what had hit him but whatever it was must have been a doozy! His head throbbed with a deep penetrating pain that seemed to go straight through him to his spinal cord. “Ugghh…” He groaned, feeling sickened.
If he’s annoyed by Dean’s clear reluctance, Castiel doesn’t show it. His skin is growing paler by the minute, turning an ashen grey. The look he gives Dean is full of sorrow and remorseful. It’s startling to see and puts Dean on edge more than seeing the gun did. “I’m sorry.” The alpha says, the words barely legible around the blood bubbling up from his lips.
“Dammit!” Meg cursed softly, her hands balling into fists on her thighs. It was in her nature to want to yank Dean back around to face her like a man instead of the broken thing he was. It’d be so easy to do and easier still to force that soup straight down his throat yet Meg doesn’t do either one. The thing is, she doesn’t want to hurt Dean. She already has by going along with things so far, Meg knows, but somewhere along the way she came down with a case of the feelings. It was a new thing--she’d never once gotten attached to any of the omegas Castiel had drug home and honestly it terrified her. Getting attached was dangerous, especially since she knew what Castiel was going to do to Dean in the end. To say it isn’t going to be pretty is an understatement.
The next few minutes are lost to the scuffle as they struggle for the gun. Dean thinks he has it but he doesn’t; Sam does, and to his horror, so does Castiel. Both of them grab and pull on it at the same time. . . There’s a deafening bang as the gun goes off.
Warnings: There's several paragraphs towards the end that have graphic descriptions of injury and illness that may be upsetting.
with distressed omega pheromones. The scent hit Sam with all the force of a sledgehammer to the head and he reeled backwards from the onslaught. Distantly he took notes of the stains—a terrible mix of blood and other bodily fluids he didn’t want to think about—and before he was fully aware of what he was doing, Sam turned tail and ran.
Dean whimpers and moans, but he does slit his eyes open obediently. Just like before the green eyes were glassy from the fever and don’t really seem to look at her. He whimpers again, the sound of pure misery as the heady scent of slick hits Meg’s nose. Giving up on prosperity she wrinkles her nose at the smell, just barely refraining from making a comment that she knows won’t be appreciated. “Let’s give the bath a try, okay?” She says instead, wondering how this is her life. “Can you stand?”
It took a little over a full day on Earth for Dean to transform the pile of bones and rotting flesh back into a fully functional human body, minus the soul. It had remained clung to him, seemingly oblivious to what Dean was doing. The angel hadn’t minded considering he didn’t know what the protocol was for taking care of souls. In the end he had decided to let it simply be beyond talking to it occasionally. By the time the body was ready for the soul Dean was grateful none of his brothers had shown up to witness this. Somewhere along the line he’d begun humming and had effectively rocked the soul in his wings like he was handling a human babe. Dean’s brethren would have something to say about the position for sure, and he did his best to shove it out of his mind as he slowly unfurled his wings from around the soul.
Oh, if only he knew. It was tempting, right at the tip of her tongue to tell him everything, but Meg refrained. Dean would find out in his own time just how much worse things could get. As for Meg? Well, she’d be there to clean up the mess when the time came. “You’ll see.” She said cryptically, looking Dean in the eyes. “You’ll see.” He would, soon enough.
He certainly hoped so at least. Hopefully Castiel would take the cleanup as a sign of contrition and would forgive him….
That’d been all fine and dandy as far as Dean was concerned; he’d enjoyed the club every time they’ve come here but as one hour turned into two turned into three it was starting to get old. So was Cas’ tendency to get sloshed and flirt with every person that came within arm length, be they alpha, omega, or beta. If that wasn’t irking enough the fact that Castiel had kept one hand clamped down on Dean’s thigh like he was a prize to be potentially stolen away was just icing on the cake. It had taken a good hour just for Dean to convince the alpha that he needed to piss, and no he couldn’t wait any longer.
Art in this chapter is by Sissyray84
?” Balthazar asked, his fine eyebrows nearly reaching his hairline in surprise. “It’s just a club, love, nothing more.” At just a few years older, Balthazar had also witnessed some pretty crazy shit in his days but he never thought he’d see the day when his normally outgoing cousin would balk. The club life wasn’t suited to hunters-- obviously displayed by his cousin’s thin, grey long-sleeved henley underneath the leather jacket and the worn-out blue jeans--but that was what he was there for. Clubbing had become somewhat of a specialty to Balthazar over the years and he was damned good at it if he said so himself.
The chapter picks up a few hours after the previous one left off; Meg drugged Dean after his bath. Castiel comes into the room and rapes Dean. During it he knots Dean and forces a mating bite on Dean. Dean breaks down afterwards.
Both alpha’s hit the ground with grunts and it was nothing more than a sheer miracle that the gun didn’t go off when it fell. Sam had the advantage not only in surprise but in sheer size--he dwarfed Castiel as they wrestled for control of the weapon.
A drunk Castiel corners Dean in the restroom of the club and rapes him. Dean has a panic attack and passes out.
Just when he was starting to safe, when it seemed certain that there was no way Asmodeus could catch him, Gabriel let his guard down. It was a mistake; he risked a glance in the rear view, just one, but it was enough. Asmodeus was right there, back in the middle of the road when Gabe looked up but it was too late. He hit the brakes and the squealing of tires rent the air but there was no way the car was going to stop in time. Gabriel screamed as the car plowed right through Asmodeus like he was made of nothing more than smoke before coming to a violent, abrupt halt several feet down the road. For several long, agonizing seconds Gabriel sat frozen, body rigid. His hands still clutched the steering wheel tightly, his knuckles turning white from the force. What the hell was he supposed to do now? He needed to get out and check out the damage, not just to the car--and oh god, Cas was going to kill him if he damaged the car!--but to Asmodeus as well. Gabe wasn’t a doctor by any stretch of the imagination but he knew there was no way the guy could have survived being hit like that.
Meg walks over to the bed and leans down beside Dean’s head. She reaches down and carefully brushes the hair back from his face, smiling softly at the way Dean nuzzles into her hand. She opens her mouth to say something but stops before the words can get out. She’s already gotten attached enough, there’s no need to make it worse on herself. With one last pet she steps away, a frown taking place of the smile. “I’ll see you tomorrow.” She says as she heads out of the room.
He wondered as he pulled a can of Sprite from the confines of the fridge.
One year? Only one? Castiel felt the anger drain out of him along with most of the blood in his face, leaving him dizzy. Ten years had been doable but to only have one more before an eternity in the Pit? Fear thrummed in his bones and all he could think about in the moment was Gabriel. His older brother wouldn’t have wanted this for him, Castiel knew. He would give him such an ass reaming for even considering such a thing but...that was the point, right? One year wasn’t what he had planned but it’d be worth it, wouldn’t it? Gabriel would be alive and that was all that truly mattered to Castiel. “Fine.” He finally growled out, putting all his determination behind the one word.
Meg had to admit she was impressed. This was the part in the story where most of the omegas either panicked or ran. So far, aside from some whimpering she was sure he didn’t realize he was even making, Dean was handling the news well. She was watching him closely, however. A few omegas before him had reacted violently and she wasn’t in the mood for yet another broken nose. “Look at it this way,” she said, subtly leaning back out of headbutting reach. “It could always be worse!” Things for Dean
He wondered, his gaze traveling back to the mirror.
If there was one place in all the cosmos that angels generally feared to tread and wanted to be simultaneously it would have to be the throne room of heaven. It was an understandable dichotomy; God himself had once resided upon the throne, and if the older angels were to be believed, one could still sense him there. So needless to say when Dean found himself summoned to the throne room he had to wonder just what he’d done to warrant such a thing.
Dean gaped, momentarily rendered speechless. “I…” He started only to snap his mouth closed before the syllable left his mouth. Was he a joke? He thought back to that first day with a frown, recalling how late he’d been to the set. He’d been coming off his heat, sure, but the decision to be late had nothing to do with that. He frowned as he considered. Could it be true? Could all his co-workers actually hate him? Was he nothing more than a joke to any of them? “You’re lying.” He countered, though his heart wasn’t in it. There was simply too much doubt.
“Good boy!” Cas purrs behind him, pleased. His body is a hot line where it’s pressing up against Dean’s and despite the layers of their jeans Dean can feel the hard ridge of his alpha’s cock straining against the denim. Dean whimpers, desperation and sudden fear chasing icy trails down his spine and into his belly. Every nerve is on high alert, fully aware of how helpless he is and the obvious nature of the position Castiel’s put him in. Behind him the alpha makes a pleased sound as he ruts up against Dean again and again.
“Vessel? Unsportsmanlike?” Gabriel echoed, thoroughly confused. “I thought demons only had vessels?” He wondered out loud, half wondering if he was still asleep in the motel and this whole thing was some kind of elaborate fever dream or something. Though who was he kidding? Gabriel wasn’t that creative!
Damn Balthazar and his never wavering persuasion! Gabriel scowled all the harder when he suddenly had a face-full of the British man but it had no effect. It never had on Balth, but Gabriel still tried it. The smaller man squirmed, ignoring the noise his leather jacket made against the brick at his back, and thought. The uneasy feeling hadn’t abated despite his cousin’s somewhat pacifying words but what if he was just being stupid?
Art in this chapter is by Aggiedoll
The stairwell blurred around him as tears well up in his eyes. What the hell was he supposed to do? He groaned, defeated. He had half a mind to bang his head against the railing for all the good that would do. It’d surely hurt like hell but what was a little (or a big) headache compared to the hurt Dean had to be feeling right now?
Warning: Descriptions of an omega in heat. Possibly NSFW
He makes it to standing . . . for all of two seconds before his legs collapse under him, sending him to the floor. All the air is punched out of his lungs in one fell swoop as pain flares through his body white-hot and sharp as lightning, short-circuiting his brain. Dean gasps like a fish stuck out of water and for several agonizing seconds he can’t breathe. He gasps and gapes and hopes like hell this won’t be the way he dies before finally, finally, he manages to suck down a single breathe. It goes down like hellfire and sets off a series of coughs that rattle his entire frame.
When Dean finally rises from the depths again it’s to the sound of voices around him. They’re closer this time and it takes a good few seconds before Dean realizes that along with them there’s also hands that are touching him.
How long he lay caught between waking and not he didn’t know but gradually the pain lessened enough that Gabriel felt he could possibly open his eyes. He regretted it instantly as the brightness of the room stabbed a sharp blade through his eyes before he even got them fully open. He hissed in discomfort as he squeezed his eyes shut again. Fuck, what had happened? He tried to cast his mind back, to
. There was something deeply primal about it; something raw that appeased to his inner alpha. Even now as he pounded down the sidewalk in the early hours of the morning Sam could feel his alpha rumbling in pure pleasure. While most people—Dean included—would think Sam was crazy for going jogging in the middle of February the crisp cool air revived him. And if it wasn’t snowing, which wasn’t supposed to happen until the following week, Sam didn’t see where the problem was.
“We don’t have to do this, you know.” He said, his voice sounding loud in the silence. His whiskey colored eyes were firmly glued on the landscape passing along outside though his back was a tight line of tension.
That had to have been the lamest excuse Castiel had ever heard in his life. He opened his mouth to say as much only to find himself stopping at the look on his brother’s face. He was still angry, there was no denying that, but Gabriel wasn’t joking right now. “What happened out there?” He finally asked, voice soft. If he didn’t know any better he’d almost classify the look on his brother’s face as scared and Castiel didn’t know what to do with that.
The diner was well-lit on the inside with plain beige walls and a scattering of small round tables and chairs that looked like they’d come straight out of a 90’s sitcom. That seemed to be the theme of the place, or something very close to it as Gabe opened the door only to be greeted by the sounds of Seal’s “Crazy” playing across the speakers. He blinked, a little startled, but ultimately pleased by the choice. Anyplace that played 90’s pop music couldn’t be bad in his opinion! Beyond that, there was something oddly comforting in the music that had him un-tensing for the first time since he’d woken from that horrible nightmare.
Dean laughed, shaking his head as the rest of his mirth fades slowly away. “Are you sure man? We’re already pushing it…” They were, though it’s not like Dean overly cares. He just spent eight days miserable as fuck; he deserved a few minutes (or an hour, who’s he kidding?) of entertainment before dragging back into the grind once again.
Mind made up, he kept on going. There, just shy of a hundred feet of him was another alley jutting back between two older style brick buildings. The buildings weren’t what caught Dean’s eye though; no, it was the giant green metal dumpster situated midway down the alley. While it was hardly his first choice of accommodations it was looking better and better by the moment. Unconsciously Dean found himself drawn towards it like a moth to the flame.
Dean rolls his eyes in response but his heart warms at hearing Benny’s casual dismissal like that. He knows he won’t get into too much trouble—he is the second lead after all—but Benny could reap the fallout for them both. The fact that the beta is willing to do so just for Dean’s personal comfort warms him to his toes. “We gotta make sure to get you something as well.” He declares; if Benny’s making sure he gets fed then he’s darn well going to make sure Benny gets something to eat as well.
All signs pointed to yes if someone could be missing for a month and nobody would even notice. Dean didn’t know if he should be surprised or appalled.
He wondered, flabbergasted. He just couldn’t understand it. Unbidden tears began slipping down his cheeks. Dean hunched over, feeling a mix of embarrassed and ashamed, but he couldn’t stop if he wanted to.
“Thanks.” Dean snorted though his heart wasn’t in it to retort Benny’s claim. All hurting aside, he was tired. He was vaguely sure he had passed out somewhere around 1:00 a.m. though it hadn’t been a peaceful slumber. He had a hazy notion of tossing and turning but all that really stuck out were the weird dreams he’d had. Castiel had featured prominently in most of them, and while the details had slipped out of Dean’s head as soon as he’d woken he was left feeling unsettled. Biting back a yawn he tried, and failed, to shoot Benny a smile. “I think I’ll nap on the way there today.” It was unusual considering Dean’s normal ride consisted of inhaling caffeine like he’d die without it, but he
"Holy shit!" He swore, voice choked with an emotion he couldn't name. That had been far, far too close for comfort! He shuddered, feeling ready to tremble apart right then and there. What the fuck was all this? Surely it was a dream, right? Though the more he considered it, the more Gabriel doubted it was. He had a creative imagination, sure, but he couldn't ever recall having a dream anything like this before! "Get a grip, man!" He told himself as he looked up...only to freeze. The man was standing in the road again.
Dean knew he can’t put it off any longer. Sitting the empty coffee cup beside him, he turned to Benny with the barest hint of a smile. “So, did you bring breakfast as well?”
He wondered as he slashed and stabbed and clawed his way through demon after demon. There was no time to dwell on his brethren; as many demons Dean cut down that much more seemed to multiply before his eyes. All he could do was hope his garrison and the others were holding their own. As it was Dean was in danger of getting swarmed and he knew he couldn’t let that happen. Once it did he’d be as good as dead, and with nobody from his side anywhere in sight he knew he’d be truly on his own. The worst part of it was the demons wouldn’t kill him outright; oh no, Dean was certain there would be a considerable amount of torture done before they finally granted him the mercy of death. While the thought of being tortured made his very being quake, the upside was it kept Dean moving.
Two seconds later Gabriel found himself wide awake anyways as something darted across the road in front of the car. Panicked, he slammed on the breaks and the next few seconds were lost in a blur of patchy fog, blinding headlights, and the loud squeal of tires on asphalt. When Gabriel thought he could blink again without vertigo making him want to puke he was horrified to see there was a man standing alongside the road, watching him. Horror seeped into his bones as he stared back, only for the sensation to solidify into ice upon the realization that he
Warnings: This chapter includes non con drugging, violence and physical, emotional, verbal, and sexual abuse.
Startled, his eyes pop open only to widen in surprise at seeing Hannah from the club next to his face. They’re kneeling on the floor yet their hands are on Dean, carefully smoothing his hair back, and nothing makes sense. “Mmmm!” He moans, voice lost to thirst and injury. What’s going on here? Is he still in the club? Could this all have been some kind of fever dream?
"Oh yes." Castiel remains standing at his side, his hand still holding onto Dean's arm. He pulled his arm closer and began rubbing careful calming circles over the back of Dean’s hand. "You're tense," he pointed out like Dean didn't know. "Do you want to go somewhere else?"
His mind is a whirlwind. He doesn’t fully need to remember what happened to know that he probably had it coming for some reason. Maybe he was too mouthy, or maybe Cas simply needed something to hit and Dean was in the wrong place at the right time. Who knew? The whole point was it’d happened and there was nothing Dean could do about it now.
“Nice to meet you,” Gabriel grinned back tiredly before lazily rolling his head to the other side where Castiel and Dean were. His brother was sitting in a wheelchair pulled up to the bedside and looked pale and drawn in a hospital gown. Gabriel lingered over the obvious bandage circling around Castiel’s skull and the cast adorning his right ankle. “You okay, Cassie?” Gabriel asked, pleased to note Dean looked relatively unharmed where he stood next to his brother.
To Sam’s consternation the day seemed to drag on forever. The fact that he was wholly unfocused throughout a good chunk of it hadn’t helped either. He couldn’t help it, however. He had tried calling Dean again on his lunch break but had gotten no further than he had that morning. Dean still hadn’t answered and Sam was truly beginning to worry. Sick or not it wasn’t like his brother to keep missing phone calls like he was.
Dean wakes slowly, riding high on a wave of agony with no crest in sight.
going to get worse but there was no need to get into all that at the moment. Meg was a firm believer in letting things come when they happened. Besides, it wasn’t like Dean could do anything to stop what was going to happen anyway, so why worry?
(See the end of the chapter for
“Believe me, you have no idea how I wish it was.” The second voice was indeed Meg, though to Dean’s untrained ears she sounded . . . sad? “You know how Clarence is--you just can’t say no to him! It’s not like I had a choice here!”
Art in this chapter is by Aggiedoll
To say that Dean is scared is an understatement. He’s fucking terrified of Castiel and what he’s going to do. The shift in his personality is a complete 360 from the last time he was in to see Dean and the omega doesn’t know what to do with the information. He knows Castiel’s like this, how his mood swings from one direction to the other in a blink of an eye, and it terrifies him. Castiel’s capable of doing anything and Dean is helpless to defend himself from it. The sheer horror of the realization makes his heart squeezed painfully in his chest and another whimper slips free from him, completely against his will. He should say something, should resist in the small way that he can but . . . he can’t. The pleas are there on the tip of Dean’s tongue yet he can’t utter them. The memory of Dean screaming while Castiel manhandled his now black and blue cock is still standing out starkly in Dean’s mind, weighing his tongue down.
Tightening his grip on the knife Gabriel reached out and slowly pulled the door open with the other hand.
His lungs burned as he took in the cold air, each exhale coming out in a visible puff of white smoke. He’d been at it for a while now—the heaviness (and smell) of his sweat dampened clothes could attest—but he had no intention of stopping any time soon. Why would he? Right now all Sam had
was left unsaid.
Dean can’t help it--he snorts. Of course he isn’t okay, he wants to shout. It’s unlikely he’ll ever be ‘okay’ ever again but he doesn’t say that. Instead he just frowns and looks back down, shaking his head. His words are still trapped in his throat though truthfully he doesn’t feel like trying to explain everything to Sam anyway. He listens rather than watches Sam stop between him and Castiel. It’s quiet for a long moment before Sam finally softly says: “He’s gone.”
“I can’t believe it’s really you.” He tells the lump, and carefully lays the tarp back over his shivering brother. It pangs Sam to do so but there’s nothing out here to cover Dean with, and he sure as hell isn’t leaving him long enough to go knocking on doors to see if anyone’s home. If Sam has it his way he’s not letting Dean out of his sight for a long time to come. He settles in, back resting lightly up against the fence, to wait for the paramedics.
of all people. She’d been a blonde, green-eyed omega Dean had ran across on a trip to Texas roughly six years ago. They’d had a very bendy night of fun together but that’d been all there was to it. She’d wanted to see what it was like being with a male omega and Dean wasn’t above being a test subject. They’d parted ways amicably, though Dean had tried giving her his number before she left. She’d laughed but had bought him breakfast as an apology before quietly slipping away. Dean hadn’t seen, or heard of, her since.
?!” Sam mutters to himself, completely gob smacked. He approaches the tarp cautiously; just because he’s a giant of an alpha doesn’t mean he’s dumb. He’d rather not have to explain to the local ER, or worse, to Ruby, how he got rabies or some other infections disease from some wild animal. The closer he gets the more obvious that there's something hiding under the tarp becomes. It's a big lump, maybe a dog or an extremely large cat. Whatever it is has been making near continuous whimpering little grunts of pain like it just can't seem to stop. He finally pauses when he draws up beside it, one hand fumbling in the pocket of his hoodie for his phone. The smart thing would have been to call animal control to come deal with this, but ah well. It's too late now and since he's here he might as well see what he's dealing with. One large hand comes down to grasp the edge of the tarp where it'd been blowing loose in the wind, and with a deep breath, Sam pulled.
At Castiel’s words Dean froze, the blood draining out of his face. He didn’t need anyone to spell it out for him--he knew what kind of ‘talk’ Castiel wanted to have and it wasn’t one that’d end well for Dean. He swallows hard, glancing between Castiel, the gun, and Sam. “No.” He says, and yeah, there’s a definite wobble in there this time. “I don’t want to have a ‘little talk’ with you.” Fuck, he didn’t want to talk to him in the first place! He was sure Castiel had to be picking up his scent--the sour smell of wilted flowers was making his own nose tickle. “Just put down the gun and let’s discuss this, okay?”
“Castiel...wants to keep me?” Dean parroted back uncertainly. Surely he had heard her wrong, right? “Why? Why me? I didn’t do anything to him!” At least nothing the alpha hadn’t wanted done to him, right? The knowledge that Castiel wanted to keep him buzzed around unpleasantly in Dean’s head, making him review their interactions in a whole new light. “Can you get me out of here?” He wasn’t one to beg, but if it worked he was all for it. Summoning up the best version of puppy eyes he could muster, Dean aimed them at Meg.
On first take
Everything had gone to hell in a hand basket and the worst thing of it all was Gabriel didn’t have anyone except himself to blame for it. If he hadn’t gone to that club with Balthazar in the first place none of this would have even happened!
What was he supposed to do now? Dean didn’t have a clue and it wasn’t like there was anyone around to ask either. Taking a deep breath, he steeled his nerves before slowly pushing his way up to sitting using his left arm. He was barely up all the way before he was dry retching again, the pain temporarily overriding his senses. Oh god, he was so, so screwed, wasn’t he? Even without seeing it Dean was sure it was broken. The sickening throbbing radiating out from the arm all but confirmed it. Now what? It was one thing to be out wandering the streets in the middle of the night and a whole ‘nother to do it with a broken bone. Despite Dean’s fervent hopes help didn’t magically materialize out of thin air which meant he had no choice but to keep going. With his right arm carefully tucked up against his chest he picked a direction and continued to walk.
“Why?” Castiel mocks back, his tone unchanged from its steady deep rumble. “Why not?” He asks simply, his dark gaze burning a hole through Dean. He shrugs like it’s really that simple; like they’re discussing something as mundane as the weather rather than why Dean’s handcuffed and naked under a blanket.
Instead of a normal restroom with a row of urinals and stalls there’s a couch and a line of sinks and, “what the actual fuck?” Dean repeats, bewildered. He knew the club was swanky, but this is some next level shit right here: the room he’s in appears to be a lounge with a row of sinks spanning the right side and a long black leather sofa situated on the left.
“Sorry Gabe.” Castiel said as he edged his way closer to his brother and his food. He had healed up well in the intervening weeks and looked happier than Gabriel could remember seeing him. While Gabriel was fairly sure a lot of that had to do with the angel coming up behind him he was grateful to see it nonetheless. Castiel deserved to heal from all the trauma he’d been through--they all did--and now with Asmodeus gone it finally felt like they were on their way to making it a reality.
He prayed, not up to dealing with baddies who made house calls. Thankfully his prayer was answered as standing on the other side of the door was none other than Dean’s angel brothers. Both were dressed in jeans and flannel, and in Sam’s case an ugly orange jacket that only an angel could love. Gabriel let out a breath he didn’t know he’d been holding and lowered the knife. “Samshine! Garth! What brings you to our humble abode?” He greeted as he stood back to allow the angels entrance to the room. Ever since they had helped dispatch Asmodeus the two angels had been showing up almost as frequently as Dean did.
It was already too late for him but with some luck Castiel wouldn’t target his family as well. Dean was more than willing to sacrifice himself in their stead. Considering they all thought he had up and ran, it was the least he could do . . .
Castiel leaned forward, resting his head on the steering wheel.
believe you were attacked…”
Dean glanced left, past Garth and the other angels lined up behind him to find Mary’s garrison  and her seconds, Jody and Donna, watching him. They were rewarded with the same shaky grin he’d given Sam before he looked away again. Bobby and his garrison were to the right of them, and Dean didn’t need to look to feel the judgemental gaze coming off of John. How they’d managed to talk him into stepping down for a job as big as this was beyond Dean. He was sure it hadn’t gotten down quietly, and was intimately glad he hadn’t been party to that decision.
He’d been sent here to save this? This ruined and hideous soul that glowed so brightly Dean was sure all of heaven could witness it? The sensation of being caught between laughter and tears rose again and Dean honestly didn’t know which way he was going to fall. He suddenly, desperately, wished his garrison had made it this far. Sam would know what to do, what to say in the face of this. Why couldn’t they have sent Sam instead?
“I’m fine.” Dean brushes him off at the pass, not in the mood for his coddling. “We need to call an ambulance.” He says, tone completely flat as he looks past his brother at Castiel, who is still on the ground.
Was this really happening? Dean blinked slowly, still caught in the heavy fog of his tired brain as he stared at her. He was fairly sure he wasn’t imagining her--the bright red lounge pants and equally vibrant green tank top with the words ‘Better days are ahead’ was stand out even for a hallucination. Her hair was pulled up in a messy bun that left wisps of hair hanging down but it was the look on her face that truly caught his attention. Instead of the quiet scorn Dean had come to associate with her she was looking at him so hopeful and earnest that he felt something inside him clench. “S-soup?” He asked shakily, still half-wondering if she would disappear in the blink of an eye.
, beyond words, beyond comprehension. Dean chokes on a scream, all rational thought gone except for: Why? Why now? What had he done to deserve this?
As feared, Dean was in a bedroom, but it certainly wasn’t his. What was worse was the dual realizations that he was naked and he was laying on the floor rather than on a bed.  Cold ceramic tile (the source of his coldness) that shockingly looked like wood stretched out the length of the room. What he could see of three walls held the same leaf and vine wallpaper but the most horrifying thing of all was the heavy steel door set into the far wall. Even from where he lay Dean could tell the thing was solid and the lump inside his stomach clenched with the realization.
He thought glumly, watching the way his reflection frowned at him. Today, or yesterday rather since it was past midnight, made their third week anniversary. Dean had thought it was an accomplishment worth celebrating and had gone all out in making dinner for the two of them. It’d been perfect; butternut squash ravioli in a buttery herb sauce made from scratch paired with a Viognier wine.  Dean had even gone all out in decorating the table with the fancy plates and silverware Ruby had gotten him for Christmas one year. It’d been the most effort Dean had ever put into a dinner that wasn’t holiday-related and he’d thought everything had turned out well.
Wait. What? Was this one of Cassie’s old hookups? Still intrigued despite himself, ‘cause Gabe was
Still it was a good minute or so before the two began to calm down and Gabriel was still chuckling when he finally turned back to look at Dean. “It’s the way Cassie’s face looks ninety percent of the time!” He crowed, obviously delighted at getting to tease his brother. “Haven’t you noticed? He used to look the same way when he was a baby and had a dirty diaper!”
Elation at breaking the surface swept through Castiel so fast his head spun. After spending who knows how long in the stifling confinement of the box and the equally suffocating weight of the dirt, all Castiel wanted was to be free. Taking as deep a breath as he could, he summoned up the last of his strength and pushed his way towards the surface. It paid off; the sweet smell of air brushing against his overheated skin was more wonderful than words could describe. He was so close! He pushed and pulled and finally, finally he pulled himself out. On shaking arms and equally shaking knees he crawled a few paces away before he finally collapsed, exhausted.
He thinks as he squeezes his eyes shut and tries his best to melt into the not cool enough flooring.
Dean’s eyes glaze over as he remembers Castiel cornering him at the urinal. It’s like he’s reliving the moment—he can feel Castiel’s hands on him, touching him without Dean’s consent and he’s powerless to make it stop. The alpha’s hot breath washes across his neck and face teasing in the face of Dean’s continued suffocation. He’s dying, he’s gotta be. Black spots dance in front of his eyes and distantly Dean thinks he hears someone yell but why would anyone be yelling? It ain’t nothing new for an alpha to use an omega in a restroom, public or not. Dean doesn’t want this. Not again. He just wants to breathe, dammit!
but the stabbing pain rose up before he could begin to figure it out. A moan slipped out of him as the throbbing started up again, moving upwards towards his eye.
running. It’d been almost three months since Dean had went missing and neither Sam nor the local police had any leads in finding him. It was like his brother had up and disappeared without a trace! The sheer idea that Dean had done that, up and run like that, pissed Sam off to no end. It was entirely plausible that Dean had done so, but Sam didn’t want to believe it. Why now? Why up and disappear without saying anything? To Sam? Or Bobby? Or Benny? And what about Castiel?! Sam didn’t like prying into his brother’s relationships, but it was clear to everyone that there was a deep connection between the alpha and the omega despite their short engagement. Castiel had even confided in Sam that he was thinking of asking Dean to be his mate!
Dean gaped at her, momentarily stunned into silence. He couldn’t believe that they were talking so casual about the fact Castiel wanted to keep him like he was a new puppy or something! “I--what--who
The pungent scent of distressed omega is filling the room making it reek and the walls are closing in and Dean can’t breathe.
Dean watched his brother warily. He let out a breath he didn’t realize he’d been holding when Sam backed down...only to wince when the movement made hurt bloom in his chest. His anger bled away as quick as it’d come leaving him feeling wrung out and tired. “I’d appreciate it.”
Sam swung a punch though thanks to Dean’s quick reflexes he just barely grazed his brother’s shoulder. “I’m telling him it’s all your fault!” Sam declared before he was suddenly taking off across the lot at high speed. Unlike his brother he had never been late and he didn’t intend to start now!
he’d see about finding Gabriel. As Castiel made his way back to standing again he had to wonder what Gabriel would think about the situation Castiel was now in. He’d been in Hell...and now he wasn’t. That alone came with an entire barge full of questions, but the main one that kept circling through Castiel’s mind was
...And wait.
Given the early hour there isn’t a lot of people out but there’s enough that Dean finds himself drawing back into the alley before he realizes what he’s doing.
Dean moaned in response, dazed and dizzy from the sudden burst of pain. With his eyes closed, he hadn’t seen the hit coming and the surprise of it hurt nearly as much as the accompanying pain. He moved his jaw slowly, hissing through his teeth as the small movement sent aftershocks of pain spiking through his head. It was stupid but Dean couldn’t believe Castiel had actually hit him like this. Yeah, the alpha hadn’t held back on hitting him before, but he was practically defenseless now! Dean couldn’t fight back if he wanted to (and part of him did) so what the fuck? “F-fuck off C-Cas!” He slurred out, not giving a damn what the alpha had been spouting about disrespect. What kind of alpha went around harming incapacitated omegas in the first place?
“Hey! They’re still the best band ever!” Gabriel spluttered from the passenger seat as he recovered from his second bout of laughter. He tried to look annoyed but it completely failed as he couldn’t even manage to keep a straight face.
Gabe tried to match her smile though it was wane at best. He briefly glanced at the menu before looking back to the girl again. “I’ll take the biggest cup of coffee you’ve got, black, and the fried egg platter with a side of toast.” It was a far cry from what Gabriel would normally order but he found he wasn’t all that hungry. Still, he managed to muster up a genuine smile as he looked up at the waitress, “Thank you.” He said as he handed back the menu.
Sam finds Dean outside along a fence covered with a tarp. Dean is in very bad condition and unresponsive. Sam calls for an ambulance.
He wondered, more than horrified as he squirmed around enough to see in the opposite direction.
Benny was a big, burly beta man who was nothing more than a giant teddy bear once one got past his tough looking exterior. He and his alpha wife, Andrea, lived in the next neighborhood over and Dean had become close to them both. Despite Benny’s overly happy attitude that drove Dean crazy most mornings, he was incredibly grateful to call the guy his friend-- especially on mornings like this one when he’d rather just crawl back in bed than deal with the world at large.That didn’t mean he was going to make things any easier for himself or Benny.
“Mmmmm….” Dean moans, unable to force anything more substantial out. His throat and mouth are desert dry and ache like he’s been screaming nonstop for a while. Considering his current memory loss he has to wonder if there isn’t some truth to be had there.
Yeah, no. It was bad enough that Dean felt like this, he didn’t need the anxiety of a possible rejection if he managed to explain it only to find out that Castiel didn’t feel the same. “Have you ever been before? To the Blue Parrot?”
“What the? Sam!” Dean huffed as he pushed his way out of the car, and pushed his brother back at the same time. “What are you, two? I thought you grew out of the inquisition stage!” He glared, not even bothering to look back as he waved Benny off. The less witnesses to this, probably the better. Once he was sure Benny was pulling away he wasted no time in rounding on his brother. “What’s your problem? I thought you liked Castiel! Sure acted like it yesterday when you spent all day following him around!”
“Cas, c’mon man.” Dean says, shifting uncomfortably in his seat. It's a Wednesday night and of all the places to be they’re out at the club for the umpteenth time. “We gotta work in the morning!” Dean doesn’t mean to come across as whiney, but he’s tired, and more than a little drunk, and needs to piss like yesterday. Why he agreed to coming here, Dean has no idea.
“Sir!” The voice comes again, though this time it’s giddy sounding which leaves Dean wondering what it’s so happy about. He’s hurting and he’s exhausted, neither of these things equate to happiness. “Can you open your eyes for me?” It presses like Dean isn’t trying his damndest to scowl in response, something he’s not sure he’s pulling off but doesn’t care anyway.
say he was there to help with it? “Y-y-you’ve got to be j-joking!” Gabriel gasped out, hating the way his voice broke and sounded quivery to his own ears. Even hearing Asmodeus’ name made his insides freeze and had him eyeing the exit speculatively. After what the bastard had done to him he wasn’t even surprised to learn that he was a demon masquerading as a man.
Please scroll to the end notes for a brief description of what happens in the chapter if you'd rather skip over it.
But what choice did he have? Gabriel was all he had left in this world. Balthazar was family, yes, but it wasn’t the same. Gabriel had been there for nearly all of Castiel’s life; he couldn’t fathom going on without him. What would he even
Before Castiel could open his mouth to reply, and quite possibly launch into a tirade that would eventually turn into a fight, it was Dean who spoke up from the back seat: “What’s a dirty diaper look?” The angel asked, looking curiously between the brothers, hoping one of them would elaborate. He was still sitting stiff and proper in his seat but his green eyes sparkled with curiosity. Both brothers in the front seat froze and stared at each other for a long beat before they both burst into laughter. Dean blinked at them, stunned and curious in equal measure.
Slapping her hands down on her thighs she stood up. “Just stay there and I’ll get everything set up.” She said like Dean would actually be able to get up and follow her. As it was she didn’t think he’d even be able to get up to get in the tub under his own power. It takes a handful of steps to cross over to the claw footed tub and get the water started. As promised she sticks to the cooler side of the temperature scale, waiting to see the water start to fill the tub before she turns back to Dean.
yourself?! You think you can just come down here and we can ‘take care’ of someone as powerful as Asmodeus?! Do you have any idea what that sick freak did to me?! He used me! He stripped me naked and--” He abruptly cut off, just noticing for the first time the way tremors had begun running along his extremities. It took several hard swallows before he went on, though his voice was noticeably quieter now. “He--he tortured me. For..for days! Until…” He trailed off, waving a hand weakly to indicate himself, unable to put it into words.
he thinks mournfully as he finally leans back with a gasp. His stomach still churns but there’s nothing left to come up. Sam would know what to do, or at the very least what to say, Dean considers as he lays there. He should be disgusted laying there so close to a puddle of vomit but he doesn’t have the energy to care about it. What’s the point anyway? The bedroom is silent around him as it always is and that just drives the point home of how alone Dean is now. Sam, Bobby, Benny--nobody was looking for him. They probably didn’t even care. The thought hurts, well more than Dean is willing to admit. He misses his family and his friends and fuck, he even misses work.
Still, there’s no time to wallow in thinking of ‘what if’s’. Getting to his feet is another small torture, and Dean can barely cough down the strangled noise that rises in his throat, but he makes it. By the time he crosses the bedroom to the attached bathroom he’s practically dragging himself, only to come to a dead stop when he reaches the threshold.
Unfortunately, he wasn’t about to find out either. Two burning hot hands were on his hips, angling his ass upwards, and Dean only had time to think ‘holy shit’ before he felt it: the tip of Castiel’s dick pushing into his ass.
He thinks miserably, but his heart isn’t in it. He feels beaten—ha! —and broken so what’s a few tears on top of that? It’s not like they can help, or make it hurt any worse than he does now, so why not?
Dean bristled in response to Sam’s growing anger. The jab about not being able to stand up stung and what was worse, Sam was right. It’d been hell to get from his couch to here and now the only thing that was holding him up was the door frame. It was humiliating but Dean didn’t have a leg to stand on to counter the accusation with. “It looks worse than it is.” He placated, switching tracks. “It’s just some bruising…” And quite possibly a broken rib or two but Sam didn't really need to know that.
?! Horror flooded through him alongside embarrassment as he recalled all the things he and Castiel had done together. He eyed Meg nervously, suddenly fully aware of how vulnerable he was. Did she know what he and Castiel had done? She didn’t seem angry, which was good, but did that mean Dean needed to bring it up? Should he just ignore it and pretend everything was fine? “He...has a wife?” He finally squeaked out, still having a hard time believing it.
seeing.
torturing Gabriel and had gotten off on every filthy thing he'd done to the hunter. Just t
Dean cackled; his work was done here! He reached out, clapping Sam on the shoulder. “Then don’t be a little bitch Samantha!” He laughed, pulling back before he could get decked. “C’mon, we better get a move on or Bobby’s gonna have our heads!” The old man was probably having a fit already even though they weren’t technically late...yet.
“Hush!” Castiel commands, his voice dropping into the deeper register of pure alpha dominance. It sends a shockwave shuddering through Dean’s still-struggling frame, but it does the trick—his words die on his tongue.
Everything felt like some kind of dream, he pondered as he continued to lay there and watch the clouds go by.
him, grunting harder and harder as he chases his pleasure at Dean’s expense. His stomach turns; horror and grief waging a battle for his soul as he closes his eyes and hopes for it to end.
Had he said something wrong? Dean wondered as he watched the way Gabriel’s face had gone slack and pale and his eyes had darted nervously towards the door. Not for the first time he wished Bobby had covered what was the appropriate thing to say to curb a human’s reaction to upsetting news. But since he hadn’t all Dean had to go on was himself, and well, how much worse could he make it? “I do not joke.” He said, voice just as calm as it’d been before. “Asmodeus is a problem that needs dealt with, which is why I’m here.”
Gosh, he’d really gone and gotten sappy somewhere along the way, hadn’t he? Gabriel shook his head at himself as he opened the bag and started divvying up the food. He could be sappy as he wanted later--after his stomach was full. “So lover boy, how long are you planning on staying this time?” He asked Dean as he took a seat at the table and began unwrapping his burger. Since things had calmed down in the wake of Asmodeus’ death the angel had a habit of popping in for a few days before returning to his duties in heaven.
His inner voice taunted to which Castiel shuddered. Unlike the dream-like quality to the world around him he remembered Hell perfectly. The screams, the pain, the promise of relief if he’d only listen for the first time in his life… Castiel shuddered again, distraught, and was horrified to fill the tell-tale feel of tears burning in his eyes. Gabriel would tease the heck out of him, he thought, as he blinked rapidly in a last ditch effort to delay the inevitable. Though on second thought, when the horrendous images didn’t fade from behind his eyes, Castiel wondered if his brother actually would tease him. For all his faults Gabriel wasn’t one to kick a man when he was down, and at the moment Castiel considered himself pretty far down.
Chapter now includes NSFW artwork at the end from Sissyray84
Cold, hard reality slams home as the sharp burn in Dean’s ass increases tenfold. Castiel’s knotting him, he thinks horrified, before he’s plunged over the cliff. While he was doing his best to ignore what was happening Castiel had stroked him to hardness alongside his own. Now Dean comes screaming Castiel’s name, high and beyond horrified. The keening sound is high and reedy, full of all the agony Dean’s feeling in his body and soul. He’s just barely come back down when he feels it: the pinprick drag of sharp canines over the left side of the neck before Castiel is biting down hard. Agony explodes behind Dean’s eyes for the second time in as many seconds and this time he loses himself over to it. Castiel is fucking
the expected shot never came. Instead of hearing a bang there was a small prick on the right side of Dean’s neck and suddenly the world turned to liquid around him. “What?” He slurred—or at least he thought he did. He was distantly aware of the world falling around him and then suddenly there was nothing.
Luckily for Dean Sam was on his side! Seeing how all of Castiel’s attention was focused on Dean, and Dean’s on the gun, Sam took his chance. It wasn’t the smartest thing, and he mentally sent up an apology to Ruby for the stupidity for it was surely about to get him killed. Not giving himself time to overthink it he simply leaped--right at Castiel.
Dirt poured in from a jagged hole the size of Castiel’s hand near his head, surprising him. He didn’t know what he had been expecting to find on the other side of this wooden box but dirt wasn’t it. Still, he wasn't about to give up. It was an awkward angle but he thrust both his hands into the hole, ignoring the way the sharp edges dug into his skin, and pulled.
“I locked the door.” Castiel informs him, and just like that what little hope Dean had in someone coming in and finding them dies. He doesn’t know what to do. For all the problems that come with being an omega, especially a male one, he’s never found himself in this predicament before. His scent spikes sharply in fear, mixing with the rank smell of piss and the overpowering scent of alpha in the air to create noxious fumes. Partially against his will Dean feels his body tense and clench and suddenly peeing is the furthest thing from his mind as he tries to hunch in to make himself a smaller target.
Pain floods his senses, drowning Dean in the agony as Cas continues to pound into him. His breath punches out of him with a broken sob, punctuated by a particularly hard thrust, and it’s like a damn somewhere within Dean cracks. He sobs, the sound broken as his heart and once started he can’t stop the tears from falling.
"You okay there, hombre?" The cheerful guy in the front--Garth, he'd said his name was--asked as he glanced in the rear view mirror at Dean. "You look like you're in need of some serious cheering up! Is there anywhere else you want to stop first?"
He thinks woozily, feeling punch-drunk and exhausted. He doesn’t remember a damn thing; hell, he’s not even 100% sure of where he is. The thought should be frightening, at least a little, but he can’t muster up the energy for it. Before he can start to parse together an answer to any of his questions, however, an unfamiliar voice speaks up from somewhere above him:
“Thank god!” Castiel breathed, slightly alarming Gabriel as he watched through watery eyes as Castiel’s face just crumpled right before him. It was a rare thing to see his brother cry and the fact that he was doing so now ratcheted up his concern to new levels. Castiel notably didn’t answer--if anything it just seemed to make him hunch in on himself as he shook under the force of his sobs.
“I--You--
Finally, Dean found himself making the first steps towards getting into the door. He felt unsteady, like the rug had been pulled out from underneath his feet. It wasn't a far-off comparison considering how drastically things had changed in just a handful of hours. Even Dean, who was still feeling the very aching aftereffects, had a hard time believing everything that had happened.
“You’ve got to be kidding me.” Dean said when they pulled up outside of the club. From the outside the place wasn’t much to look at: the building was a wooden two storied place with faded, peeling blue paint with equally peeling white trim. Combined with the large unpainted privacy fence that surrounded the place and was tall enough it’d even surpass Dean’s moose of a brother’s 6’4” frame, and the whole place looked more like a rundown B&B than a popular hangout. “You’ve gotta be kidding me.” He repeated, eyes glued to the window, because, seriously? The fact that there was a clear line snaking out from behind the fence didn’t make him feel any better about it either.
Before Dean’s eyes Castiel stood up from where he’d been crouched alongside the far wall. How Dean had missed noticing him he didn’t know but as the alpha rose to his full height he thought he would puke. “C-cas.” He choked out, terrified. How had he gotten into the house? How long had he been there watching Dean break down? What was he going to do to Dean now?
Apparently the disbelief showed up loud and clear on his face because Bobby rolled his eyes, and tried his best to appear annoyed. It didn’t work, however, considering the way he was smirking like he knew something Dean didn’t. “I know what you’re thinkin’,” He started without a preamble, “but you are the right angel for this. You’re a good soldier, loyal to a fault, and follow the rules better than any of the others in your garrison.” The older angel leaned in, pulling all of Dean’s focus onto him. “This is a big job, son. Word is Hell’s got its claws into a human soul it shouldn’t have. We need you to go down and rescue him.”
“Know what?” Dean echoed, hackles raised. “Was there an invasion or something?” Surely that could be the only explanation for why the entire garrison was crowding around looking at Dean like he’d hung the moon.
and they wanted him to go there? Dean didn’t have the words to even begin a conversation about this, let alone be agreeable to going in the first place! And why him? What had he ever done to become the best angel for the job? There was no way, just no way this was happeni---
“Shit! Gabriel? Are you with us?” A panicked, but welcomingly familiar voice--Castiel--hovered close by and Gabriel felt something in his chest ease at the sound. He moaned again in response, the only one he seemed capable of doing and tried again to open his eyes. He was a little more successful this time, having managed a little slit that was instantly overtaken by worried blue eyes and a familiar head of dark tousled hair. “C-Cas.” Gabriel rasped out, glad to see his brother there. He still didn’t have the foggiest idea what the hell had happened but as long as his little brother was okay then everything else could wait.
Dean huffs, disbelieving. He knows it isn’t—how could it be when he’s Cas’ prisoner? —but he doesn’t move away. They remain like that for who knows how long, each taking solace in the quiet breathing of the other. It’s nice, far nicer than Dean could have ever asked for, and he’s drifting on the verge of passing out once more when Meg finally breaks through the cocoon of silence they created. “How about I help you take a warm bath, hmm?” She asks, gently scratching the top of his head. “It’ll help you feel better.”
Silence falls heavy and hangs in the air like the aftermath of a nuclear explosion.
“You know why I can’t!” He shouted across the room, his face turning red in his fury. “He’s nothing more than a hole to be used! Nothing more! Why should I help a whore out with its heat? It isn’t my problem!” Castiel had made a quick exit after that, slamming the door behind him in the process. He’s remained gone most of the night but he’d finally returned early in the morning and apologized. Meg had been having none of it. Unlike her husband she had remained up watching the camera feed as Dean slowly deteriorated before her eyes. Meg didn’t understand it since she didn’t have heats of her own but as night had turned into dawn she knew she needed to do something. If nothing else maybe providing some comfort would go towards helping Dean. If nothing else, Meg was sure it couldn’t hurt any.
When he came up for air the second time he stumbled away from the sink. His stomach sloshed on the full side of painful but Dean grinned, satisfied. He'd realized the faucets were touch activated by pure accident; he'd tripped on the bathroom rug on the second or possibly third day and had nearly brained himself off the sink. He had been sure he was hallucinating the water coming from the faucet at first but to his delight it had been real. Dean didn't know how long ago that was but he'd been sneaking drinks from the faucet every time he was in the bathroom since.
Castiel jumped, forcefully brought out of his thoughts by the upbeat 90’s ear rock music that was suddenly blaring from the speakers.
WARNING: This chapter includes rape, non con drugging, and non con mating bites.
It took all the effort he had not to fight back, but in the end Gabriel let himself be dragged towards the club’s entrance. He still didn’t feel right but perhaps it was just performance anxiety rearing its head? Yeah, that had to be it. “I hope you’re right…” He muttered as they got closer. The Inferno’s sign looked down from above, casting an eerie red glow on their skins.
“That’s a buncha horseshit if I ever heard any!” Benny rumbled, sounding fierce, but his scent only relayed sorrow rather than anger as he came closer with Dean’s coffee. “I know you’re under contact and all but there ain’t any sense in you going in before you’re ready. It would be no problem to call you in sick another day.”
Now all there was to do was wait.
Please read end notes for a brief description if you'd rather skip it.
“Thanks.” Dean mumbled wetly; voice clogged to almost nonrecognition. “For the soda and ice... I appreciate it.” He did too despite not showing it very well. He kept his head bowed and the tears continued to fall.
Another turn brought him onto a residential street capped by a massive brick school that looked closer to being a castle than anything else. The sight paled in comparison to what was directly across from it, however, for located in the bottom of a three-story brick building was a lit neon sign declaring it was a 24-7 diner. “Bingo!” Gabe crowed, uncaring that he was talking to himself as he hurried down the street towards the diner. While it wasn’t a bar he was certain the place sold coffee considering the hour and that was good enough for him.
“I will.” Dean promised, mustering up a smile. He didn’t see his brother’s cause for concern since he and Castiel had a great time last night, but he was willing to roll with it. Sam certainly wasn’t John and a supportive (and overbearing at times) brother was a hell of a lot better than a dad who screamed at him. “I know,” he smirked, “and I’ll be happy to provide you with all the sordid details!” He and Castiel hadn’t gotten that far though Dean wasn’t complaining. As much as the alpha turned his crank, he was okay with taking things slow, especially as Sam kept reminding him, it had been a while.
He got out of the car, completely oblivious to the way his back twinged after sitting so long. His mind was a churning mess of ‘Gabriel. I have to save Gabriel’ as he rounded the car towards the trunk. Popping the lid he dove into nearly a lifetime of hunter paraphernalia as his hands worked automatically. It took a surprisingly long time and yet no time at all before Castiel found himself marching to the center of the crossroads with what amounted to his life in his hands.
“Is he awake?” Meg’s voice pipes up from somewhere behind Dean. She sounds further away than Hannah which doesn’t make sense to Dean. His brow furrows as he tries to figure it out but he keeps getting distracted by Hannah. The careful petting feels so nice after being manhandled for so long that Dean keeps melting into it. He sighs softly, eyes fluttering closed.
“You know,” Balthazar, Gabriel’s not long enough lost cousin, drawled as he eyed the shorter man. “Between the two of you I’d have pegged our dear Cassie as the reluctant one, not you.” His natural British accent made his words sound smug but the look he was giving Gabriel was anything but. If Gabriel didn’t know any better he’d say it was almost pity in those blue eyes staring at him. “I thought you wanted to have an  adventure?”
….And pulled
“Just a club, eh?” Gabriel muttered, honey-colored eyes fixed on the sign in the distance. The Inferno was very much more than a club, at least from what he’d heard. Things had a tendency to go down there that didn’t happen in other clubs and Gabriel had to admit, despite himself, he was curious. The whole idea was Balthazar’s fault, obviously. He’d breezed into town just in time to help Gabriel and his younger brother Castiel finish the hunt they’d been on, when he decided it was time to spice up their life.
“Good.” Meg shot them a weak smile before she got back to work on the handcuffs. She wasn’t sure what would happen when Castiel eventually arrived home but she’d worry about it then. Getting Dean free and out of danger was what mattered now.
Sixty seconds. That's approximately how long it took Gabriel to deeply regret his decision to drive away from the haunting reminder of his family. Between one blink and the next the fog in front of the car parted revealing a very familiar man in a pristine white suit. Gabriel's stomach and heart lurched as one as he slammed on the breaks but it was too late to stop--he was too close... He slammed his eyes shut, dreading the inevitable *thud* that would signify him hitting the guy but...it never happened. Warily, he opened his eyes again only to gape at the empty space in the road where there should have been a body. Nothing was there, and for the life of him Gabriel didn't know whether to be relieved or horrified.
“What do I do?” He whispers as he kneels there, unable to look away from Dean’s body. His brother has no answers, just whimpers and shivers in pain Sam can’t even begin to comprehend. It breaks something deep within the alpha’s heart, to see his omega brother hurting so bad, and with great reluctance he forces himself back to standing. He pulls his phone out of his pocket, and sparing one more glance at Dean, he walks a few steps away. His fingers dial on autopilot since most of his attention is still firmly on Dean, and Sam feels ready to cry when the voice in his ear announces: “911 What is your emergency?”
Artwork in this chapter is by Aggiedoll.
He thought, terrified. His eyes didn’t move from the doorway as he watched the sleeping alpha with trepidation. He didn’t know what to do. Should he leave the bathroom and try to go back to bed? Should he just stay where he was? Should he go get a start on cleaning up the mess from last night? His heart thundered painfully in his chest as he worried. Every possible scenario could end with Castiel’s rage and for the life of him Dean didn’t know what the best course of action was. For a time he didn’t do anything beyond stare. He was frozen; a naked trembling statue that literally wavered under the weight of his decision.
Sam collapsed against the thick metal rail and clung on for dear life, wishing the world would stop turning. He felt like the rug had been ripped out from under his feet, which in a way, had been. For a good deal of his life Sam had been dependent on Dean and never once had Sam considered the reverse happening. Now that it had, he was, at the lack of a better word at a loss. He wasn’t a caregiver—how was he supposed to make sure Dean received the care he’d undoubtedly need?
Gabriel didn’t even know what he was supposed to say to that. Instead he just gaped, barely even rousing when the waitress reappeared with his coffee and food. He managed to toss out his thanks but all his attention was on the angel, notably, of whom the waitress didn’t even seem to notice. In fact, it was so disturbing Gabriel found himself fixing said angel with an exasperated look before blurting out: “Seriously? Am I the only one seeing you right now?”
Buzz....Buzz....Buzz....
Gabriel scowled, turning his head so he was staring at the bland brick wall across the alley from them instead of his cousin. While he’d been all for the plan originally now that they were here, just a few steps away from actually going through with it he just...couldn’t. Something didn’t feel right, like a heaviness to his bones, and the more he languished on the feeling the worst it got. “What if I mess things up?” He finally asked at length; it was a new question and held all of his vulnerabilities in a few words. Because that was the root of the problem right there, wasn’t it: in a place like that something bad was bound to happen to those who went off the script of things. The mere thought made the ball of anxiety in Gabriel’s gut tighten all the more.
Dean thought, his mind nothing but a giant flat-line. His entire body was a confused mixture of deferring signals that he had little hope of decoding. All at once he wanted to run down the street screaming at the top of his lungs. He wasn’t overly friendly with his neighbors but surely someone would hear the racket and come to help? On the flip side Dean wanted to cower and submit, wanted to curl up in a little ball and hope like hell Cas didn’t feel like hurting him anymore.
“It’s Sam.” The younger alpha growls, his whole body tensing like he’s prepared to pounce Castiel. It’d be a foolish move but he was beyond caring. Now that he knew without a doubt that Castiel was the one who hurt Dean Sam was gonna deal with it. He didn’t give a fuck what happened to him as long as Castiel’s reign of terror against his brother ended right here, right now.
Sam was going to
Dean had looked absolutely
Sam and Garth shared another one of those looks, though this time Garth decided to be the one to pipe up: “...There wasn’t any invasion Dean! You’re a hero man!” The younger, gangly angel smiled at him like that summed everything up perfectly.
Castiel was going to
The strange woman was a good head shorter than Castiel with pale skin, wavy dark hair and equally dark eyes as she looked him over. It was like looking at a shark that had found its next meal, and an unsettled feeling rose up in Castiel’s gut underneath her gaze. She wore tight black jeans, black boots, and a black leather jacket over a purple shirt; had this been another time and place she would have been the type Castiel would have tried to pick up. As it was her beauty barely registered as the hunter watched the way she tilted her head back and laughed.
Dean had expected many things when he returned to heaven but the round of applause that broke out when he strolled through the gates hadn’t been one. He stopped, shocked, as members of his garrison flocked around him with excited faces and wide eyes. Unsure of why he was suddenly the center of so much attention Dean looked up, searching out Sam and Garth’s faces amongst the sea of excited angels. When he finally spotted them he struggled his way through the crowd, still bewildered to what exactly was going on here. “What is all this?” He asked when he was close enough, surprised at how many angels were actually there.
The alpha stretched, leaving slow burning kisses down Dean’s spine as he went. “Do you know how beautiful you are?” He asked Dean, though he didn’t really expect an answer. “You’re absolutely perfect. So gorgeous looking!” He kissed his way from the nape of Dean’s neck down to his tailbone before he stopped. “Mmmmm…” He rumbled, his inner alpha slipping into control. Without warning he leaned down and left a possessive bite right on the meatiest part of Dean’s left buttock. Under him Dean yelped and bucked--the first signs of resistance he’d offered since Castiel had come in. Hmmm. If he’d known that was all it took. . .
Once outside Sam didn’t hesitate. By the time he reached his car he’d already pulled his phone out and begun dialing.  He listened to the ringing on the other end as he got into the car, frowning. Dean always answered his phone. Even when he was nesting he didn’t miss a call; he usually ended up burying his phone under the blankets with the rest of him. The fact that he wasn’t answering the phone right away, especially after what Alfie had told him, bothered Sam. He scowled as the ringing clicked over to the voicemail and angrily pushed the end button. “What the hell, Dean?” He grumbled out loud as he called again. If Dean was asleep or something stupid like that Sam was going to kill him.
It was time to go. Castiel found himself inching back, little by little towards the safety of his headlights and his car. In front of him the demon just cackled, a knowing look on its face. “Maybe we can hook up in another couple hundred years?” It jeered, clearly enjoying itself. “We could make a hot team, you and I!!!”
“You don’t know how Clarence can be.” Meg replied quietly, sounding resigned. Her scent was sad which made Dean’s nose wrinkle from the offending odor. “If I had tried to leave or call the cops or whatever else you think I’d be the one in that bed, not him.” She sighed, the sound long and deep. It echoed in the small confins of the room. “Look, I’m not saying I haven’t made mistakes here because obviously I have but that’s not the point. Are you going to help me with him or not?”
Castiel rolled his eyes again but he didn’t add up any commentary this time. Slowly the humor in the car evaporated leaving a tense silence in its wake. The Backstreet Boys continued to play merrily in the background but nobody paid it any attention.  Neither of the three looked at each other as it grew--Castiel focused on the road, while the other two looked out their respective windows. Several miles passed this way before Gabriel finally fidgeted in his seat, unable to stand it.
“Well now, what do we have here?” Benny called as he parked and got out of the SUV. It was another thing that Dean had no hope of ever changing—no matter how many times he’d insisted otherwise Benny always made the effort to usher him into the car properly. It usually set Dean scowling in mock fierceness (something Benny completely ignored) yet today he didn’t even lift his head when he heard the backseat door open.
Annnd it was
Eventually he had to move. It had been long enough his legs had locked up under him, his knees stiff and unyielding. It was a slow way up but he made it...only to nearly go down again at the unexpected sound of an unfamiliar voice speaking up behind him: “It’s about time!”
Chapter warning: The first part of this chapter contains a shower masturbation scene
See the end notes for a brief description if you'd rather skip it.
“I don’t like it.” Sam declared the next day before Dean even managed to get all the way out of the car. “I can’t believe you actually went out with him!” For someone who was so tall it was impressive how much he could act like a young pup but Sam was managing to pull it off nicely. He pouted, fixing Dean with his best puppy dog look. “Well? How’d it go?”
It’s a lie, and no amount of wishful thinking can change that, yet Dean’s brain clings to it for all he’s worth. It’s an impossible dream for pain fills Dean senses straight down to his soul. He nearly drowns under the conflicting sensations: the sharp burning pain as Castiel rams into him over and over, the way his hands dig deeply into the bruises covering Dean’s body. . . Grunting sobs are being steadily pushed up out of Dean’s throat further erode the dream-like state leaving him clinging to the wisps of his broken dream.
Sam must stop halfway and fights back a gag. Dean is absolutely
“Hey.” Dean reached across the table, completely ignoring the plate of cold food that his sleeve was no doubt resting in the middle of, just to land a hand on Gabriel’s arm. “It doesn’t matter if you believe me or not now. You will.”
Dean frowned as he stared down at the phone vibrating in his lap. The lit up display read 'CASTIEL' but he made no move to answer the phone. Just thinking of talking to the alpha made Dean's stomach roil and he had to swallow hard against the rising bile in his throat. He couldn't believe this was happening. It'd taken the better part of an hour for him to escape Hannah's well-meaning questions as well as the club and now that he was blinking in sunlight and clear skies Dean had to wonder if it had all been a dream. 'More like a nightmare' he though, grimly recalling what had happened in the bathroom mere hours ago. Part of him still didn't want to accept that it happened--that he'd been /raped/ by Castiel--though the rest of him simply felt ashamed.
Dean stiffened at the thought, his heart suddenly leaping up into his throat. Suddenly terrified that he had done something wrong he turned to look back through the crack into the bedroom. Castiel was still in bed, thankfully, but Dean’s hackles were still raised. It hadn’t taken long for the alpha to go off last night and the last thing he needed was a repeat of that. Sam was already going to have his head as it was once he caught sight of Dean’s face, and so would his care team. The makeup artists were more used to putting fake bruises on him rather than trying to cover one's up. God, he hoped they had good concealer or whatever the hell it was called.
Dean didn’t need any prompting--he stood and shot Gabriel a grin, pleased that the human was going along with the plan. Given what little Bobby had told him about the human’s run-in with Asmodeus he knew it had to be hard and therefore was glad he didn’t have to push any harder than he had thus far. “Great!” He said excitedly as he reached out and rested his hand against Gabriel’s shoulder. Between one blink and the next they’d left the diner behind and were standing in the middle of the hotel's parking lot.
Realization sunk in the same second her eyes switched to bright red hellfire, confirming his fears: she was the demon he’d been waiting for. Fear suddenly clawed it’s icy way into his chest but Cas wasn’t having it; he couldn’t afford to screw up now. Distantly he thought he could hear Gabriel’s voice screaming at him to run. Another time, a different circumstance, and he probably would have turned tail and bolted for it. Now, though? Now he didn’t even blink; he let the full weight of his cold blue stare meet the burning red gaze and held it. He was afraid but fear could be tamed. ‘Never let them see you afraid,’ a wise person had once told him and Cas took it to heart now. He swallowed hard, the only outward sign of his nerves, and stared death in the face without flinching.
The steel shackle firmly tethered to his right ankle isn’t helping anything, getting tangled in the blankets and slowing him down even further. It’s a hassle that, not for the first time, Dean wishes would just go away. He’s already trapped like a rat…the rest of this just seems unnecessary.
“Shut the fuck up!” Sam retorted back as he tried getting Castiel into a headlock. The older alpha was agile, he’d give him that much. He certainly wasn’t making it easy but as long as Sam could keep him from getting the gun he was going to. “Get the gun!” He shouted at Dean hoping beyond hope his brother would listen. Between the two of them he was less likely to end up shooting Castiel before it was all over.
Dean snorted, the sound covered up by the swell of noise around them. "I'm good Cas. Just give me a minute to adjust, alright?" He hopes he doesn't come off as whiney, he really will be fine in a minute or two.
“We need a plan first!” Castiel interjected, trying to be the voice of reason. “We can’t just go in guns blazing--what if those women are hurt? We don’t want to cause them further harm and if they haven’t been hurt going in too fast could cause them to be so we need----Gabriel!” Castiel called as he watched his brother’s retreating back head down the alley.
The angel regarded him for a long second before leaning back in his chair, the motion causing the leather of his jacket to creak. He didn’t say anything for a moment but oh so slowly his lips twitched upwards into a parody of a smirk. “My vessel says that would be unsportsmanlike of me.” He said easily, his tone amused.
~*~*~
Bobby, thankfully, seemed to be taken in by Dean’s pole-axed expression. He smiled in what was probably supposed to be reassuring but managed to look more stilted than anything before saying: “You aren’t in trouble.”
It was little relief considering the way John was glaring, but Dean was willing to take it. He nodded, gaze traveling over all three of them before returning to Bobby again. “Okay...Why am I here?”
Was she seeing this right? Meg blinked at the back of Dean’s head, stunned into silence. In all the ways she had pictured things going she never would have imagined Dean would flat-out refuse to take the soup. “Dean, c’mon…” She sighed as she sat the bowl down on the floor beside her. “I know you gotta be hungry.”
“It’s probably for the best.” Meg sighs as she fiddles with the cuffs binding Dean’s wrists. “I know we gotta get moving here but he needs all the rest he can get. He’s going to need it.”
that way! He shakes his head again, mouth pressed into a thin line. With one last look at Castiel he turns away offering the alpha his back.
Then…
“I didn’t realize it was any of your business!” Dean shot back as he crossed his arms. His hands were balled into fists but he didn’t start swinging--at least not yet. “The last I checked I didn’t need to get your approval on who I see or go out with!” It stung knowing that Sam was right but Dean would be damned before he admitted it, especially out loud to Sam himself!
Dean thinks as he stares up at his house. They’d gotten ready there and had left in Castiel’s ugly car. Now that he’s back and hurting and alone Dean doesn’t know what to think. In his mind's eye he can see himself and Castiel heading out to the club… They had paused on the porch and Dean could still feel the way the wooden banister had felt digging into his spine as Castiel dipped him over it for a searing kiss. He looked away with a frown, grateful when the image disappeared before him.
Meg rolled her eyes at him. “Hate to disappoint, but no. I’m not kidding you. I really don’t care what Castiel does with his hobbies. And before you ask, no you're not special. You're not the first, fourth, or even the tenth omega he’s done this to.”
Us? There was more than one of them? Dean blinks hard, thankful when the light finally moves out of his field of vision and is surprised to find a young woman with dark hair and wide eyes staring at him like they’ve seen a ghost. “Blahg?” Dean garbles unintelligibly, closer but not quite there yet to forcing actual words out.
When he turned back he was surprised to find Sam still standing there, watching him. While that wasn’t totally unusual--the angels were a little on the
Warning: This chapter deals with the immediate aftermath of Dean's rape and involves panic attacks
“Have you ever been to The Blue Parrot?” Castiel asked as Dean settled into the passenger seat of Castiel’s large Continental. For all that it was Dean’s idea to go out for a drink it’d been Castiel who had insisted upon driving. The guy is certainly a little strange (especially given that his car is a godawful gold toned Lincoln Continental Mark V) but Dean ain’t complaining. Why would he? Castiel’s the hottest alpha Dean’s ever laid eyes on and the novelty that he wants to go out with Dean hasn’t been lost. Hell, Dean’s fairly sure it never
The tables are round with white table clothes that glow eerily in the odd wash of lights but Dean hardly cares as he sinks into one of the four chairs at a table gratefully. "Busy in here!" He remarks, unsure of how to feel about all this. It's certainly not what he had been expecting despite him not knowing what to expect in the first place.
part. Nobody had mentioned the fact that after they breached the gate separating Hell and Earth the soul was going to need a body. More specifically, Dean was going to have to craft one while holding onto the broken, bleeding soul that clung to him like a human child. That had been the most baffling thing; Dean had never interacted with humans outside of observing them and had no idea what he was supposed to do. For a lack of better idea he finally brought his wings up and around to carefully wrap around the soul. It seemed to be the right move, if the way the soul practically melted against the soft features of his wings were any indication. Dean smiled, despite himself, and quietly returned to the task of finding the soul’s earthly remains.
“What the
The guy certainly knew how to sober up a conversation, didn’t he? Dean frowned as he watched the hunter’s head drop over his plate until he found himself staring at a head full of messy brown hair that was in desperate need of a comb. “Bobby’s my superior, he’s in charge of my garrison.” He pointed out needlessly, “though I suppose that would make him a boss of sorts by your standards.” He shrugged again, the motion causing the leather of his jacket to creak. “He sent me to help you against Asmodeus.” Given the way things had been going so far it probably would have been a wiser idea had Bobby came himself, Dean considered. But that was neither here nor there since he was the one who was here which meant this mess was now his to deal with, for better or worse. “I believe if we work together we should be able to defeat him!”
Dean just stared calmly in the face of Gabriel’s freak out--considering what had happened with Castiel he was hardly surprised. Instead he simply smiled, pleased that Gabriel had cottoned onto him so fast. It’d save a lot of time trying to explain things, something Dean hadn’t been looking forward to doing. “I’m here to help you.” He declared, deciding a direct approach would be most appreciated.
Despite the fact he was trussed up like a Thanksgiving turkey awaiting dinner, Dean padded over to the door. Up close the door was steel and just as solid as Dean feared it would be. There was also no handle on the inside which meant Dean was well and truly trapped. “Fuck!” He shouted, and in a fit of desperation kicked the door. Pain shot up his leg so fast his head swam and tears sprang to his eyes. “Let me out!” He screamed uselessly. “Castiel you fucker! Get me out of here!”
, He thought when his brain was more or less coherent again. His guts were still churning heavily despite the fact there was nothing left in his system to come up. Dean didn’t think that’d matter much . . . he was fairly sure once he got a good look at his arm, something he was carefully avoiding, he’d puke again.
Gabriel didn’t realize he was shaking when a warm hand came to rest upon his arm. The touch was fleeting but he was grateful for it as he followed the arm back up to find Castiel looking at him with a knowing look. It made his brother seem older than he was and for the first time Gabriel was grateful for it. “Thanks Cassie.” He whispered through a clogged voice before turning back to the window again.
“Time to wake up puppy!” Castiel declares in a loud sing-songy voice as he storms into Dean’s bedroom. He’s a man on a mission—a tornado on two legs as he moves. By the time the loud clang of the thick steel door slamming shut behind him echoes through the room he’s already halfway across it. “You’d better be awake!” He warns, and it’s the only warning Dean gets before he’s right there beside the bed. The omega blinks up at him sleepily, still under the effects of the drug mist Meg had insured he’d been doused by when she left. There’s a tell-tale hint of fear underlying that green gaze and oh, how the sight makes Castiel’s cock twitch in his jeans. He’s half hard already and has been ever since he woke up to the delicious sight that now lays before him.
Castiel simply watched the interaction between his brother and his angel, caught somewhere between annoyed and amused and landing more firmly in fond territory. While he hated his brother’s annoying cracks and comments he was beyond grateful that he was there to make it. Things with Asmodeus had been dicy and Castiel knew if it hadn’t been for Sam and Garth’s good timing at showing up none of them would have made it, especially Gabe. The sight of his brother laying so still and pale in a hospital bed hadn’t receded from his mind in the intervening weeks, not that Castiel had shared that tidbit. He’d tell Gabriel eventually--because sooner or later his brother would suss it out of him--but for now he was willing to simply bask in the contentment. “It’ll be nice to have you stay around,” He said to Dean, fully ignoring the look on Gabriel’s face as he unwrapped his burger. Things had been surprisingly quiet for them as well and not for the first time Castiel let his mind wander to all the things he could share with Dean in the meantime. While it hadn’t come as a surprise to either him or Gabriel to find out Dean hadn’t been on Earth much before it’d made the brothers more determined to show him everything they could. Castiel chewed as he thought about it; perhaps they’d be able to talk Dean into going to see a movie before he had to leave again. Castiel had always wanted to try out that old cliche about making out in a dark movie theater...
“You’re kidding.” While it wasn’t the best comeback ever it was literally the only thing Dean could come up with in the moment because, seriously? All this because he’d done the job given to him? He was beyond baffled; nothing even remotely like this happened for doing a good job so what was up? He felt a bit like a fish stuck out of water if all the floundering he was doing was any indication. He looked around at the crowd with new eyes and when he saw John lurking towards the back with a raised brow Dean abruptly hit his limits. He needed to get out of there, just to clear his mind if nothing else. Casting an apologetic look at Sam then Garth--he’d explain things to them later--he shoved his way through the crowd and quite literally flew for it.
Dean and Sam try to convince Castiel to put the gun down to no avail. Sam jumps Castiel and a moment later Dean does the same. The three of them tussle before the gun goes off. . . Sam and Dean get up but Castiel doesn't. He's been shot in the stomach though it's unclear who fired the shot. Castiel tries to apologize but Dean doesn't accept it; he turns his back leaving Castiel to die alone. Sam calls for help despite it already being too late. The story ends as Dean suddenly collapses due to horrible pain from the mating bite Castiel inflicted on him. It is unclear what happens to him.
It was terrible how quickly you could get used to something, Dean mused as he stared around the empty bedroom. Already the walls, with their weird leaf and vine wallpaper, were becoming familiar. By Dean’s estimate he’d been there for nearly a week now, though it was truly impossible to tell. There was no clock in the room, and much to his surprise no windows. Worse, Meg had straight-out refused to tell him how long it’d been, or even the time of day the last time she’d visited! “Sorry Dean-o, it ruins the vibe, ya know?” It was, in one word, maddening. Dean had sulked after she had left, but in a twisted way he got it. Castiel was all about mind games and getting things his way. Dean didn’t know what kind of hold Cas had over Meg but he was beginning to suspect she was just as much a prisoner as he was.
to rescue a human? The idea was so laughable Dean didn’t even know where to start! “You--you’re kidding!” He finally cried, eyes wide and disbelieving as he stared at Bobby. “I--You--Why me?”
Dean thinks as the tears begin to spill over, running hot and heavy down his face.
“No problem!” The girl grinned in return before she turned and headed back to the kitchen. Gabriel watched her go, though the strange sounds of flapping wings had him turned back to the table. There, in the previously empty chair across from him sat a tall white guy with artfully tousled brownish hair, a smattering of freckles, and the strangest green eyes Gabriel had ever seen. He blinked in surprise, one eyebrow arching into his hairline as he eyed the dude. He hadn’t seen him come in but that could be down to the lateness of the hour and the fact he still felt like three quarters of used up, days-old shit. “Can I help you?” He finally asked after eyeing the guy for way too long; sue him, there was something strangely attractive about the dude and Gabriel was only human after all!
Dean stared, shocked to see the three of them not only together but with grim looks painted on their faces as well. He could feel his wings twitch from where they were so tightly bound to his back, and had to wonder yet again what he could have possibly done. It was one thing to be summoned by your garrison commander, but it was a whole different thing to find yourself in the presence of so many older angels at once.
“I am Samael, Dean’s brother. And this is Garth.” The angel said, waving at the lankly looking man standing guard near the door. “We’re glad to properly make your acquaintance.” Behind him Garth waved though he remained at his post by the door.
Dean snorted; he couldn’t help it. “I don’t think things could get much worse.” He said, meaning it. He was already a victim of kidnapping and trussed up like a Thanksgiving turkey, what else could there be? He wasn’t stupid, he knew on a deeper level things could get way, way worse than they already were but wasn’t ignorance bliss? And beyond that it wasn’t exactly like he could do a whole hell of a lot to improve things with his arms chained behind his back.
How long Dean sat there and cried he honestly had no idea. For the most part he wasn’t aware of time passing aside from being distantly aware of the way the shadows changed in the room. By the time he had cried himself out his head was throbbing in time with his heartbeat and his empty stomach was rumbling its displeasure. He sighed, the sound loud in the room as he resigned himself to having to get up. He uncurled slowly, limbs heavy and stiff, only to freeze part-way through the motion when he caught sight of a shadow moving across the room.
The phone began buzzing again and Dean had to bite back a scream of frustration. He wanted to throw the phone out the window for all the good it would do him. Logically Dean knew he wouldn’t be able to avoid Castiel forever. Not only would he have to see him the next time he went in to work but the alpha knew where he lived as well. There just wasn’t any escaping which was more than frustrating.
him! Dean thought, dismayed, as he stared at his reflection in the mirror above the sink. He looked like he’d went through a prize fight and lost--his jaw was black and blue and his nose was definitely crooked from where he’d gotten clocked across the face. He closed his eyes, foolishly hoping the sight would go away. Alas, when he opened them the bruises were still there. It was going to be next to impossible to hide, and worse yet, Dean had no reasonable explanation on hand.
Dean watched the show with a look that clearly read as ‘dude, chill the fuck out’ before he shrugged carelessly. “I brought us back here.” He said, the ‘duh’ part of the statement hanging in the air between them like a lead balloon. If Gabriel was getting all fussed up over that he was really going to freak out when he found out what else Dean could do! “That is your room, isn’t it?” He asked as he pointed to one of the closed motel room doors. “It seemed simpler than walking back.”
What his alpha is doing here, Dean doesn’t know. It wouldn’t be a wild guess to assume the man needs to piss himself considering the amount of booze he’s been knocking back all night, but this isn’t right. A place swanky enough to have sub gendered restrooms means business and Dean for one doesn’t want to find out what would happen should anyone come along to find Cas in a room clearly marked for omegas. “What are you doing here?” Dean finally gets out, proud that his voice doesn’t crack and betray the plethora of emotions running through his head.
“Damn, kid!” Benny exclaims some long minutes later, still chuckling between the words. “I haven’t laughed that hard in a while!” He reached out, his large hand heavy and warm where it pats against Dean’s shoulder in a friendly gesture. “I didn’t bring anything because I wasn’t sure you’d be up to eating but I think we have time to swing around someplace before I drop you off.”
“Hey Alfie,” Sam greeted as he breezed into the gas station. He’d stopped to fill up before heading into work and coffee was calling his name. It wasn’t his favorite but he could deal since he’d felt too lazy to brew his own this morning after his run. “How’s it hanging?”
Dean’s still on the bathroom floor when Meg finds him sometime later. He’s still panting, sweating, and a miserable mess. The heat, and it’s most definitely a heat despite what Dean thinks, has grown worse. His body is begging for release and since he can’t move the way he needs to it’s translated into him humping the bathroom floor in a futile bid for relief. A small rational part of his mind knows he should be humiliated to have Meg see him this way but the bigger part of him doesn’t have the energy to care.
“Just--just be careful, alright?” Sam pleaded, watching Dean carefully. He wasn’t truly satisfied by Dean’s responses but he was willing to let it lay for now for the sake of peace. There was just something about Castiel that he couldn’t quite put his finger on even after spending a whole day around the guy. “And you know you can come to me if you need too.” He knew he was coming on strong about it but after watching some of the things Dean had gone through with their father growing up he wanted to be supportive.
, he thinks, bitter, as he heads back to the dumpster. He hadn’t planned on spending quality time there but there’s no other options. He curls back up into the same position he was the night before, pulling in tighter. The less that can be seen of him the better. Hopefully if anyone does see him they’ll just think he’s a street person rather than a semi-famous one who was kidnapped and tortured against their will. . .
He thought, giving a shake of his head as he turned the gnome upside down, and just as he suspected there was a key carefully wedged into its hollow base. If you asked Sam it was the most obvious place in the world to stash a key, but who was he to argue his brother’s ideas? Besides, at the moment he was grateful considering it took two long strides to get back to the door with the key in hand.
In his just shy of thirty two years of life Gabriel Novak could claim to have done some truly wild shit. It was hardly surprising as one didn’t grow up hunting monsters and ghosts and not come out of it without doing some truly odd things. All of that, however, seemed to pale in comparison to what he was about to do. And perhaps that was why he was hesitating to do it in the first place.
“What the hell!?” He shouted but his words were lost under the relenting beat of the tempo and it hardly mattered anyway when the culprit was sitting shotgun anyway. Castiel turned and leveled his best glare at his brother, not that Gabriel looked particularly impressed by it. His older brother’s eyes were twinkling in mirth as he watched Castiel’s expression. Apparently satisfied by whatever Cas’ face was doing he reached out and mercifully turned down the radio to a tolerable level.
“The bastard has two women in there?” Gabriel’s head whipped around so fast he nearly gave himself whiplash, his eyes hard. Where he’d been standing quietly he was now honed in on the conversation like a shark smelling blood. “What the hell are we standing out here for then? We gotta go in!”
? He wondered, feeling dazed. Logically it makes sense--surely all the buildings have workers that work in them, but still. It’s a shock. The question is: what does he do now? Does he stay or does he go? Should he find someone and ask for help or just stay away like Hannah wanted?
There was a furrow to his brows as Dean pondered it all. He still didn’t get it and the look on Castiel’s face was far from pleased which made him even more confused. Mercifully he was saved from having to decide from the pounding synthesized beat suddenly blaring out of the radio. Blinking, he looked between the two brothers who didn’t appear to be as awed as he felt as he leaned forward in his seat to ask: “What is that?”
She sprays Dean down from head to foot, letting out a breath she didn’t know she’d been holding when he starts to squirm. He doesn’t open his eyes and he doesn’t tell her off so she takes it as a win. “Hopefully this helps ya.” She tells Dean as she sprays him off one more time before going to get a washcloth and soap. If nothing else at least he’ll be clean after all this.
Dean froze, his need for a drink suddenly forgotten. That had hurt, a lot. A whimper slipped past his lips and before he knew what was happening he found himself on the kitchen floor, his arms wrapped around his legs. He whimpered again, louder this time, and the echo of the sound in the empty kitchen just made him feel worse. Giant fat tears rolled down his face leaving burning trails as they collected in his shirt collar.
“There is a situation.” Sam said, his voice still oddly informal despite his exposure to the humans. “Bobby’s already briefed us and we’re going to need your help.” His hazel eyes travelled past Gabriel to lock onto Castiel and Dean. “We have work to do.”
He doesn’t look back at the bed.
Clarity kicks in sharp and crystal clear as glass and the horror of what’s about to happen sends Dean’s brain into a screaming panic. He freezes, heart jack-knifing behind his ribs even as bile creeps up his throat. No. Oh no.
Apparently, it’s good enough because the woman leans back out of his personal space and beams at him like he’s a kid who just said his first word. “There you are!” She exclaims softly, nearly bowling Dean over with her relieved scent.
Just as predicted, Dean scowled in the face of Benny’s smirk, and instead of answering he got into the vehicle instead. It’s as good of a declaration without him coming out and saying anything, and Benny can’t help but chuckle at the display. Dean was many things, but subtle he was not.
The hard edge of the unfinished wooden box bit into his hands but Castiel barely cared as he fell to his knees in the dirt. There, silhouetted by the headlights from the car, and head bowed, he finally paused. There would be no coming back from this, he knew. No second chances. No take-backs. Once he did this Castiel would be completely, irredeemably, damned.
Trust was what got him into this mess in the first place--why would he ever fall for it again? Dean bites his bottom lip as he looks between Meg and the bowl then back again. Her look of hope goes straight through his chest and he has to look away. “Can’t.” He brokenly whispers through a bone-dry throat. He hopes he’s making the right decision.
“C’mon Sam, get a grip!” He gripes out loud, rolling his eyes at himself. All this thinking of Dean has gotten him worked up, that’s all. There’s nothing wrong here! Disgusted with himself he’s about to walk away when the breeze picks up again. It’s just cold enough to make him shiver in his heavily sweat-damp clothes, and he’s more than ready to get out of there and into the nearest hot shower when he hears it again. A high-pitched whimper full of pain that makes Sam’s hair stand on end to hear. Whatever’s making it is obviously badly hurting and Sam turns instinctively towards it.
Warnings: Brief description of injuries and Sam has an anxiety attack
tired. A nap would probably do him good plus it got him out of answering questions he really didn’t want too…
A lifetime passed but Castiel didn’t let it slow him down. It took nothing short of an eternity to pull himself fully from the box but there was still dirt all around and no time to rest. He dug and clawed and fought his way for every foot until finally, at long last, his reaching fingers encountered nothing but air.
He’s going to be sick. That’s the first coherent thought Dean has upon waking, but to his horror, he finds he can’t do anything about it. His bones feel like they’re made from lead, his skin a suffocating weight over top. Dean just barely manages to open equally heavily lidded eyes before it all goes to hell. Thin watery bile rises in his throat but he can’t move and there’s nowhere to go; Dean opens his mouth automatically and the mess pours down onto the bedding in front of his face.
It was like he’d asked the magic question--immediately the woman straightened up and fixed him with a gaze that would have made anyone’s flesh start to crawl. The shark-like smirk on her face grew larger, and was it just Castiel’s imagination or did she really look like she was ready to eat him alive?
Except…
“Dean?” Sam called as he pushed his way inside. It was just as dark as the outside had appeared and Sam reached for the light switch near the door. Flipping it on, he blinked out at Dean’s living room. The place was as messy as ever but it looked exactly the same as the last time Sam had been over. “Dean?” He called again, not really expecting an answer. Already Sam was moving on, heading deeper into the house.
Dean had thought about it all day but he still couldn’t put into words the undeniable pull he felt towards Castiel. To him it felt like there was a rope, or even some kind of chain, linking them together, that Dean found impossible to ignore. He had wondered most of the day if Castiel felt it as well but he didn’t have the nerve to bring it up to the alpha.
He isn’t, not really, but Dean buries his discomfort down deep and doesn’t quite have to fake the smile that crosses his face when he looks back to Benny. “Yeah, let’s do it.” He says, slapping both hands down on his thighs before he finally pushes his way to his feet. Dean wobbles for a second once he’s standing—a sure sign he’s not as fine as he pretends to be—but he ignores it and forces himself to walk down the sidewalk to where the SUV is parked. “You coming?” He calls over his shoulder, pausing with one hand resting on the still-open door to turn around to look at Benny.
From across the space Dean could hear John scoff, and he lowered his gaze to the floor. He’d barely been in here a few minutes and he was already messing things up! Rule number one was you don’t question your superiors, ever. Even a simple question like Dean’s could lead to full scale rebellion and after what had happened to the last angel who rebelled, well, Dean didn’t want to take the chance.
Dean is drugged so Castiel can come visit. He mocks Dean with his words and viciously beats Dean.
He brooded; he and Castiel hadn’t been together for long but Dean had loved him.
Needless to say, by the time night fell again Dean was far from being a happy camper. Getting up was far harder the second time around; all his muscles and joints had locked up thanks to the cold. They burned from the cold and more than once Dean thought he was going to fall before he got to standing again. He learned his lesson--once he got moving he kept on going. He left the alley, and after picking a direction at random he began to walk.
Everything comes flooding back all at once: Castiel’s instance on ‘starting the weekend off right’ despite it only being Wednesday; coming here to the club; drinks, far too many drinks; his desperate trip to the restroom and then…
Up close, however, Dean regretted his decision. The dumpster was just as cold as he was and the smell made him gag.
Dean squeezed his eyes shut, willing himself not to cry. What would be the point? It wasn’t like crying would solve anything. . . if anything it’d probably just give Castiel more reason to torment him. “Just go away.” Dean told Castiel. He already felt like shit, why add on to it?
WARNINGS: MAJOR CHARACTER DEATH! Violence and ambiguous ending
He turned back to the bedroom, contemplating his options. There was no place to sit aside from the floor or the bed. The former was too cold against his naked skin for his preferences but he was getting tired of the bed. What I wouldn't give for a couch! He thought somewhat hysterically, shaking his head at himself. He was hilarious...in his own mind at any rate. He stopped just inside the doorway separating the two rooms when a strange hissing noise caught his attention. "What the?" He croaked, looking around with some alarm. Had a snake somehow gotten into the room? He didn't want to be anaconda bait!!
If nothing else being held captive had given Dean a lot of time to think about his life. He had spent a great deal of time contemplating all the time Sam had given him grief over not seriously looking for a mate. Dean had paid him no mind--plenty of folks didn’t have mates and went about their lives just fine, Dean included. He regretted not listening now, and not just for the obvious reasons. Dean missed his brother, worry about his dating life notwithstanding.
“You look like hammered crap, chief.” Benny rumbled, his naturally calming scent overshot with concern as he continued to watch Dean. “Hard to believe a night with an alpha caused all this.” He wasn’t judging but he was concerned. He had seen enough abusive alphas in his time to recognize the early warning signs.
A bar in a nightclub? Dean blinked, lifting his head slightly as he considered it. Neither one was really his type of thing—he was more of a cheap whiskey in a dive bar or a six pack at home kinda guy—but oh, he was tempted. How could he not be? Castiel wasn’t the full reason for it either, though Dean would be lying if he said the alpha wasn’t a big part of it.
Despite barely touching it the sounds of his gentle knocking echoed LOUDLY in the otherwise empty hallway, to which Dean cringed away. It was the wrong move; for seconds later the door swung soundlessly open, leaving him cringing in a swath of bright light emanating from the room beyond. Thankfully the light seemed to kick some kind of gear in line in Dean, causing him to straighten as he tried to see past the light. It was a good thing too as a voice boomed from within the room: “You’re late!”
He was turning away before he even realized he’d done it. The alleyway swum in his vision as he turned but Castiel ignored it just as surely as he ignored the tears streaming down his face. He refused to let this farce continue on; he’d fix this, one way or another. A part of his mind registered Balthazar yelling behind him and the feel of a hand grabbing his shoulder but Castiel pushed it all away. Nothing else mattered beyond helping Gabriel. If it was the last thing he would do Castiel was going to save Gabriel’s life.
“How about no?” Castiel scoffed, looking annoyed. “I’m done playing games with you. It was fun while it lasted but . . .” He turned the gun towards Dean and flicks the safety off. “Unfortunately this will have to be the end. I’ll make sure they write a fitting obituary, provided I’m not too distraught by losing my mate in such a horrible accident of course!”
Gabriel felt his jaw drop open for the second time and inwardly cursed himself for continuing to be so shocked by the angel. He was a hunter, dammit! He should have been reaching for the gun tucked into his waistband, not sitting here trying to wrap his mind around having a conversation with someone only he could see. And yet he couldn’t manage to help himself from asking: “If nobody else can see you, does that mean they think I’m sitting here talking to myself?” Gabriel wasn’t sure what he thought of the notion. At best the others would think he was crazy and leave him alone; at worst they’d probably turn him back into the night after declaring him a loon.
A bath. . .? Dean blinked up at her drowsily, not fully comprehending her words. His brain had went and checked out once more leaving him feeling sluggish and not all there despite the heavy weight of his body. It was an odd disconnect that only happened when his heats got bad  though he couldn’t ever recall having one that left him feeling this terrible. Either way he hummed his consent, or what remained of it that he could give. Even half out of his head as he was Dean doubted Meg at her worst couldn’t do half the harm that Castiel had already inflicted on him.
Unfortunately for Dean there was no answer. There wasn’t even the barest hint of a sound coming from behind the door. He kicked it again only to crumple under the weight of the pain in his leg and in his soul. Pulling his injured leg in close, Dean curled up into a ball and wept bitter tears.
Dean doesn’t move closer. His feet have taken on a mind of their own and feel rooted to the spot as he stares down the alpha. Part of him wanted to turn and run and never look back. The other part...didn’t know what it wanted. There were so many things Dean wanted to say, to yell, to scream, yet now that he had Castiel right where he wanted Dean just couldn’t. He couldn’t do it; his tongue felt three sizes too big in his mouth, rendering him mute. Instead he settles for shaking his head and remaining out of reaching distance. It’s not much but it’s a compromise of sorts.
“Will you tell him I’m not mad about the spilled coffee? It was a pain to clean up but it’s cool. I know Dean isn’t the type who’d do something like that on purpose!” He rang Sam up and handed over his change along with his coffee. “I hope he’s okay!”
“Go away?” Castiel repeated, voice deadly quiet. “You want me to
Castiel rolled his eyes at his brother’s antics before looking up to meet Dean’s gaze in the rear view. The poor angel looked beyond confused and he could feel his annoyance draining away at the sight of it. “It’s just music.” He told Dean, “It’s probably different than what you’re used to, isn’t it? The band is called the Backstreet Boys, they were pretty popular back in the 90’s.”
