Steve's face is hot and he jerks his hands away. It's obvious he shouldn't have presumed to try to touch him. "I'm so sorry, Mr. Stark," he says, practically stammering his way through the man's name. "It's kind of you, but I don't want to bother either of you. I'm sure I'll have plenty of chances to talk to Iron Man later."
Steve nodded. "It's just that you've never mentioned him before, and I--"
Iron Man's gaze now is sharp, penetrating, incisive, and as Steve stares back at him in horror he has the terrible thought:
"Come on," Carol said, grinning once more, slinging an arm over his shoulder, turning him around, taking a step back down the stairs, nudging him in the direction of the basement gym. "Try to beat the stuffing out of me, I dare you. It'll make you feel better."
Steve had no idea how to begin to talk about this. Any of this.
. There's nothing he can do.
"No!" Ghost yells.
"ViaStone channels have been at the forefront of the accusations against Tony." Steve's voice was level, but his hands were shaking. "You were the first network to accuse Tony of Whiplash's murder, and in our conversation here you've accused him of the murder of Radioactive Man and your own news crew. You don't have a shred of evidence against him -- for any of this -- and you know it. He doesn't deserve this. You're tearing his life apart for your ratings, and I think you owe him an apology. Actually, I think your CEO owes him an apology."
It's an adjustment.
It was hard to say what was wrong in words; Steve didn't know if there were words for it. Tiberius' smile stayed a little too long, was a little too perfect, a little too poised. It was a put-on. And it didn't feel like a put-on the same way that even Steve might force a smile for the cameras. The whole thing felt like a façade. Like he'd learned how to be a person by mimicry, and like whatever was underneath was so well-hidden that it was terrifying.
The solution to both his problems, he supposes, is the same. He just has to man up and ask Iron Man out. And if Iron Man says yes -- well, then maybe Steve can come up with some date ideas.
"Okay," Steve says. "Okay. But if you change your mind, the offer's always open, all right? I love you and I want to help you."
. For
many people with super-strength in the world, and there's only one of them who's likely to be there at Tony's side. Someone would connect the dots. He knows what the press would say if they found out what Captain America likes to do in bed. It wouldn't be pretty. And Tony would be even more recognizable. That's why it's a fantasy.
Iron Man blinks at him, his eyes sparkling sapphire as the lamplight catches them, and he hums for a second, a startlingly clear and pure tone, like he's thinking. "So," he prompts. "Something you wanted to tell me in private, Winghead?"
"If you're good," Tony said, which wasn't exactly yes.
As he paced, he ticked the remaining Avengers off on his fingers. "Jan. Monica. Dane. Steve."
He's happy Tony likes him
Steve whimpered breathily. "Please, yes, that."
Steve's laughter was soft. "Yeah," he murmured. "I kind of figured that out when you kissed me."
"All set."
Steve's room looked the way he'd last seen it, though the sheets were in more disarray and Tony's shoes were lined up at the edge of his bed.
He and Iron Man aren't holding hands, of course, because no one knows about them except the Avengers. Well, the Avengers and Mr. Stark.
If she had been someone Jim had met, Steve should definitely have known the name; Steve knew Tony had met Jim when he'd become Iron Man, but he'd gotten the impression that they hadn't really had a chance to be friends until after the Avengers had started. Surely the time after that was accounted for. He thought he knew everyone Tony had dated since they'd met. "No," Steve said, confused. "Should he have?"
, a stranger says in Tony's memory, smiling at him, smiling in bloody fragments of a smile, and somehow Tony knows that forever wasn't enough.
"Believe me, I wish I were wrong." The words scraped Steve's throat. "I wanted so badly to be wrong. But I know I'm not. I wouldn't lie to you, Tony. I wouldn't. I've never lied to you, not in my life. You
When Steve gets to the basement, the door to Mr. Stark's workshop is cracked open. Steve stands on the threshold, steels himself, and takes a breath before announcing his presence. "Iron Man?" he calls out, and then pauses. "Mr. Stark?"
think he's killed, then?"
"Okay," Steve says, softly. "Okay. I've got you. I'll help you. You're doing so good, okay? Everything's fine." Tony brightens, and Steve knows this is what Tony needs. He clears his throat, tries to get himself under control. He needs to not be angry or -- Jesus -- horny. He needs to think. "You stay right there. I'll get the scissors."
is a thought, all right. Steve is immaculate, shining, alien, fascinating, and then he pulls back to thrust into Tony again and Tony catches a glimpse of bare skin in the open vee of Steve's pants: angular hipbone; tensed, trembling muscles; golden, dewy skin; a light trail of golden hair down to where their bodies are joined. And all at once, Steve is perfectly, messily human again, just a man who wants him. Tony can't hold it all in his head. He's not going to try.
When he speaks, Iron Man's voice is tense. It's clearly a touchy subject. "Let's just say that, even if I stopped working for him, I'd still have enough money to get by, okay?" He huffs out a hissing breath. "I appreciate that you care. I really do. But I'm... solvent. Honest."
"I've always been glad about that," Tony says. His voice is shaking. "Even if you don't remember that now. Maybe-- maybe you'll still remember that, when you wake up."
"Shellhead!" he yells over the comms. "No!"
, Tony. So Tiberius probably didn't know it was you in the Iron Man suit. But Radioactive Man was still trying to kill you. And he ended up killing himself and four other people."
With his left boot halfway off, Steve stopped and stared at Tony. That had been-- God, the last time he'd seriously been painting, he'd been a working commercial artist. The last time Tony had watched him paint had to have been at least six or seven years ago. Tony had loved him for that long? He supposed it wasn't all that surprising, since he'd definitely loved Tony for that long. But it was different hearing it.
"And he said he'd make it up to me." Steve had half a second to wonder if this was some kind of euphemism, and then, thankfully, Tony continued on. "He's going to hold a press conference. He's going to tell the world that he was the one who asked me to see Donahue for him, and that I was doing him a favor, and that that was all it was. I couldn't possibly ask for anything more, could I?"
He's not entirely sure what he and Tony are to each other right now. Steve had assumed they would talk about it at some point shortly after they'd fallen into bed for the first time, but then Kang invaded Earth again and they were all a little busy. And then they still didn't talk about it. Steve's not sleeping with anyone else and not planning on it; he's pretty sure Tony isn't sleeping with anyone else either. The fact that they love each other isn't news to anyone. They've always loved each other.
At around two, they stopped to order pizza. Tony put his helmet back on and flew up to get the boxes from the bewildered delivery guy. He tipped extra -- the guy had had to navigate the war zone that was now the front entrance, after all -- then carried the pizza boxes back down and spread them out on the newly-cleared floor as the Avengers gathered around. Tony promptly cracked his helmet, slid off his gauntlets, and, with a flourish, pulled out the paper plates he'd found miraculously preserved next to the fridge in his workshop.
"You don't know that," Tony said, but the look in his eyes was one Steve had coaxed out of him hundreds of times: the desperate need to believe in Steve. In the briefing room, on the battlefield, and now in his bed.
"Probably gonna be right after e convinces himself," Logan guessed. While Fury was obviously good at not being freaked out by anything in public, Logan had a feeling the man was a lot less guarded in his own office. Or maybe not. Fury could have just as easily been one of those that was so jaded that nothing threw him.
"Count yourself lucky that's all you can smell," Logan countered with a grin. He plopped more than enough money on the table to cover the food and a ridiculous tip for their waitress. "C'mon." He led them out into the street. The sun had just gone down, and the city was coming to life in a whole new way. Logan smiled, grabbing Scott's hand and tugging him close. "So where're we gettin' this fresh air o' yours?"
Scott's first instinct was to be furious. Putting himself out there and being rejected was one thing, but being rejected by Logan when the attraction was painfully obviously mutual made him more than slightly furious. He deflated quickly enough. Scott wasn't sure if it was the buzz or if he was going soft in light of everything he'd been through. He let himself fall unceremoniously onto one of the bar stools and nearly sent it careening over. Managing to right it at the last second, Scott sighed and then let out a snort of laughter. "Y'know, sober I probably never would have said anything. How fucked is that?"
"Actually..." The AI countered, but obliged Tony's order all the same, leaving him in his black jumpsuit, which was torn and shone with drying blood.
Loki shifted slightly on Stark's lap. The kisses they shared were languid and almost gentle at first. For the briefest of moments Loki allowed himself to enjoy a fantasy of his own, the idea that the man was there by choice and honestly wanted him. It was at least half true. While his lips pressed to Tony's, Loki's fingers pushed the mortal's shirt up his torso. He broke the kiss just long enough to get Stark free and then dive in once again.
For his part, Bruce remained quiet, simply working to keep himself as calm as he could. The last thing anyone needed was for the Other Guy to make an unscheduled appearance. It was strangely easy to calm himself when he let his mind drift to Jemma. He smiled quietly at the thought of her face lighting up when she talked about her projects, the way she blushed when he kissed her.
The words left Clint fighting to breathe. It was like a punch in the gut, realizing how helpless he was. He started to push himself up, but an overwhelming wave of dizziness and nausea put him right back on the floor.
Oblivious to the implications of the question and assuming Nat was making small talk, Clint shrugged. "Not much. Had breakfast, checked on the science bros, had lunch with Steve, then caught a stupid 80s movie and fed some ducks," he said. It sounded weirdly normal in his head. The turn the day had taken was business as usual for SHIELD but seemed insane with any thought actually given to it. Clint made a point not to. He also avoided mentioning the fact that he'd slept on Phil's couch due to nightmares.
Almost before the words left Tony's lips, Steve's shield slammed into his attacker's back. He grabbed it just in time to send it flying toward Mystique, but the woman ducked out of the way and rolled back to her feet with inhuman grace. She paused to blow him a kiss. "It's adorable that you think that's all it's going to take." Hips swinging, she moved in closer, ignoring Steve and Tony while their attention was focused on Victor. "I was really hoping to get to talk to you," she purred to Bruce. "Loki's told me so much. None of it good, which just makes it more interesting."
Tony gestured to Fitz-Simmons, "They're on it, too. And Simmons is pretty smart," he added.
"I should certainly be honored to say a few words," Thor immediately volunteered, his voice gentle as he finally settled into a seat near Steve. "The Man of Iron was a valiant teammate. I shall be sure to talk to the Lady Pepper about this." The god frowned, looking increasingly heartbroken. Perhaps even on the verge of tears. "Poor Lady Pepper. To lose such a noble warrior..."
"I hope so," Steve said with obvious relief. "I hope it's getting better. I hope they find something with that hammer." Natasha had been one of the first people to talk to him with no hint of condescension or strangeness. He was a coworker, he was part of the team, and she'd never taken apparent issue with it. He wanted her back, and he wanted it sooner rather than later. He'd seen the look from Clint and added quietly as they got into line, "I know what happened, but that's because I'm in charge of the team. It's not common knowledge, and it won't be. Period. It was a bad call, but that's all," Steve assured firmly. He passed Clint a tray. Despite all of Tony's protests, their cafeteria - staffed by four star chefs Tony had picked out himself - was actually good enough to put most restaurants to shame. "We've got big things to worry about, that isn't on the radar right now."
"I really wouldn't expect that from Captain America. Seems a little... evil," Tony observed, but smiled nonetheless. "As for vacation spots... Paris? Iceland? Germany? Or maybe something tropical, like Fiji?" He shrugged. "Or we could just find the most remote cabin in Colorado and hide for a few months. If be alright with that."
Logan thought for a moment, then shook his head. "I can handle that."
**A few days earlier**
"Mind?" Logan grinned faintly as he grabbed Scott's hips, holding him away a little so that he could thrust lightly into the other man. "Think I might lose it a little if you don't do somethin' soon," he said, loosening his grip on his lover. His hands stayed in place, though, as if to remind Scott just who was ultimately in charge.
"You don't have to," Logan said, a little faster and louder than he'd intended. He cleared his throat and shrugged. "I mean, I get it. You obviously don't want to. You can keep usin' the couch." //Or the bed. Bed's fine, too,// he thought, but didn't quite have the nerve to say it. It'd been more reassuring than he cared to admit to have Scott there when he woke. Then again, the man was his one link to the closest thing he'd found to home in a long time. //Helluva link,// he reflected. "Coulson's the one you'd wanna talk to, though. I mean, if you want your own place, or if you wanna tell 'im you're on my couch. I mean, he'll keep his mouth shut about whatever assumptions he makes."
"I think it might be prudent for all of us to do that post haste," Loki agreed. "I appreciate his position on the matter, but I rather enjoy breathing, at least some of the time."
Steve's breath caught, and he rocked instinctively into the touch. He looped his arms around Tony's neck and just let himself enjoy the touch for a long moment. He finally broke away to go back to pawing at Tony. "You've got a great ass, you know. Of course you know. But it's true anyway." He shoved somewhat ineffectually at Tony's pants to drive them farther down his hips and get even more bare skin to plaster himself against. Again he left off to rest his hands on the back of Tony's head, on his neck. His fingers twisted into the curlier hair against the base of Tony's neck.
"I kinda do count the zoo," Tony returned. Realizing he was still sitting there buck naked, he pulled a sheet across his lap. It was silly, but it made him feel a hell of a lot better. "And you're skipping the part where you gave Romanov the headache from hell and turned Logan against us. Maybe nobody explained this part to you, but usually when you borrow things, you return them at least as good as you found them. And as far as worlds to command, we've got that here already. Maybe you should ask somewhere else. I hear Mars is nice this time of year."
On top of his general malaise at the prospect of the networking, there was the distraction he'd been fighting for what felt like an eternity. Tony Stark: son of Howard Stark, total ass, arrogant bastard, genius, playboy and... and Steve couldn't quite put his finger on it. He couldn't quite understand exactly why he couldn't get the other man out of his head. Or wouldn't let himself. It wasn't the first time he'd been so fixated on someone, and to his shame, that fixation had never been for Peggy. He'd cared for her, even found her attractive, but it hadn't ever been what it was supposed to be, what it should have been with someone so wonderful and smart and gorgeous.
Finally Phil had to break off. He needed air, and he needed to see Clint's face flushed and open. He actually looked relaxed for once, and it was gorgeous. If they were going to keep from mauling each other in the middle of a public event, he knew they needed to take a break. Between Clint's body settled in against his own and his lips tingling from the kiss, Phil's control was hanging on by a thread. "I can't tell if you're a terrible influence or a wonderful one." He paused. "I think I like it either way." The heat thrumming through him had very little to do with the sunlight filtering down through the trees leaves and everything to do with Clint.
His dreams were a mixture of the usual violence, nightmares of Scott being abducted, and far more intimate scenarios involving the other man. In the last dream, a hooded figure in green threatened and mocked him while Scott was tortured, and Logan jerked awake. He was pressed tightly to Scott, his arm curled around the man as if expecting him to be snatched away. Logan's eyes darted around the room as he fought to separate dream from reality and calm himself back down.
“You don’t have to thank me,” Steve answered earnestly. “Knowing what I do now, I’m just sorry I didn’t do it sooner.” He wondered how much pain he could have saved the both of them by simply barging into the lab a week earlier. While he gathered plates for them both, Steve confessed, “I was worried that you’d be mad at me for moving rooms. I guess it’s stupid, I knew you wanted space, but I… I think I slept better when I was closer to where you were,” he admitted, blushing faintly.
Tony looked down to watch Steve's fingers trace the reactor, then looked up at his lover with a warm, almost impish smile. He was quiet for a long moment, just watching Steve's face, then he leaned up and pressed a slow kiss to the man's full lips. "It's not going to quit. Not before I do." He lightly toyed with a few locks of disheveled blonde hair. "But I like that. You worrying about me. I mean, not that you worry, but... thanks," he finished lamely. Tony could barely articulate how he felt at the moment. The list of people who had truly worried about his safety for reasons that weren’t financial was pointedly short.
"If anything I know fixes what happened to him, it's on the table. That's why the team knows about Thor's involvement - or lack thereof. It's why you know. Now get the hell out of here and stop trying to know things you don't really want to know. That part's an order." Fury leaned in a little and added, "And as a friend, Phil? Stop trying to see shit you don't really want to see."
Logan's eyebrows raised in amusement even as he drank to the declaration. "I think that can be arranged," he said, smiling across the table at Scott. It felt good to know that Scott was certain he wanted Logan around. The feral mutant hadn't thought about it too much, but he'd been quietly afraid that he was a security blanket, that Scott wanted him around because he was familiar and because he'd rescued Scott from his kidnappers. "As in, I think you better keep one o' those dresser drawers empty."
"I've been running some simulations. You're not going to like this."
Steve couldn't even understand the techno-babble Tony was spouting even in the humor-laced introduction. It didn't matter. He'd been flattered to be asked to attend for the opening anyway, not to mention too speechless to say no when Tony had asked him. Tony had been fresh from bed wearing nothing but sleep pants and tousled hair. Steve had actually said yes before he was even quite sure what he was being asked. By the time he'd figured it out, Tony had already been instructing him on what time Happy would bring the car around to pick them up.
"Right. Fan out, let's get looking. Since the place is still standing, we must've beat Loki here, which hopefully means we get first crack at finding the hammer." Steve gave everyone a beat to make sure they were on the same page and then started for the nearest shelf. "Let's do this."
Seating himself at the room's computer terminal, Logan quickly banged out a report of what had happened with a few key facts left out. He knew better than to admit that he'd voluntarily allowed Loki to rummage around in his head. The story that Loki had threatened Romanov seemed much more likely to be believed. The lie came rather easily, in fact. //What SHIELD don't know keeps them off my balls.//
There was  a brief ripple of chuckles, then, "Captain America, do you plan to use your status to further the gay agenda?"
Tipping his head, Coulson showed off the bruises forming on his neck beneath the starched collar of his shirt. “It was bad. Without my training, he wouldn’t have had any trouble.”
"You know, it wasn't my plan," Loki ventured while wondering whether his words would even mean anything to Stark. "The invasion was being orchestrated by people far above my pay grade. When I fell from Asgard, I had to find my own way. The company I found was... perhaps it was precisely the sort of company in which I belong," he allowed with a slight shrug, "but it was not good company. The Chitauri were puppets, and so was I." Before Tony could protest further, Loki met his gaze evenly. "I won't say that I didn't enjoy it. I did. You may be right - perhaps killing Agent Coulson wasn't practical, perhaps it was personal, but not for the reasons you believe. Hurting him was collateral damage. I wanted to hurt my brother, and at the time, it seemed it was fairly effective toward that end."
“Oddly enough, it does. But maybe that’s because you’ve always been a little crazy,” Steve observed with a chuckle. “A buzz doesn’t sound so bad. Unfortunately the whole enhanced metabolism thing means I can’t get one. I could down a bottle of whiskey and…” Steve made a gesture of negation with his hand. “Not in the cards. I’m guessing it probably isn’t for you either until Bruce is sure you’re clean. Since we don’t know everything they gave you, it’s hard to know if alcohol would interact badly.” He could almost feel Bucky’s eyes glazing over and ducked his head. “Sorry. Doing the team leader thing.”
Steve climbed out of the chair and felt better just for the fact of moving under his own power. He felt drained and weak and more than slightly ridiculous with a body that didn’t feel entirely like his, but at least he was home. At least Tony was the only one there watching him instead of a whole crew of doctors and nurses staring at him like they expected him to make a run for the window and jump. "Yes to both." He hesitated and then closed the distance between them, sliding his arms around Tony's waist. It was hard, the sudden difference, the feeling of being shorter and smaller than the man, but it would have been harder to not hold him just to avoid the reality. "I just need you for a minute first, okay?"
"Which means him being dead would be the only way for Thor to be the one who wields it," Jemma continued with a soft groan. "Well, that... it explains a lot. And makes things more complicated." She winced. "It also explains... well, of course it drains energy. No one but Clint was supposed to touch it, so it punished anyone else who..." She lifted a hand to rub at her forehead before smiling sadly at Bruce. "We didn't have enough data."
The movement beside him slowly roused Tony from his sleep. He blinked, and his eyes reassuringly took focus again. His vision was still slightly blurry, but nothing terrible. Remembering the weight beside him, he turned and immediately felt all the color drain from his face at the sight of his lover beside him. "Steve, how did you-" The sentence stopped short as his hands ran down the blonde's chest. The sensation was painfully familiar, but it wasn't right. Tony's expression hardened as he slowly realized something was wrong, his hands withdrawing as he pushed himself away, gasping softly as his back contacted the wall that the bed was pushed against. "Loki." He stared at the illusion, wishing desperately that it was real for multiple reasons.
Tony raised an eyebrow at the two as he slid off his shades. "Thanks. Still. Any progress?"
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
Phil had spent a few minutes on the phone negotiating with Maria Hill to play defense for them. He was too tired to process anything and too wiped out to deal with even the best of intentions from their team. He'd compromised on the full debriefing by typing up a skeleton outline on the computer while he waited in medical and sending that off. Everyone knew what had happened in as much as it related to them, and that would have to be enough for a start. It was rare for Phil to insist on doing something other than working, so Hill had relented without pushing too hard. "I managed to buy us until morning for the full debriefing."
Steve hesitated. He wondered if there was a wrong answer. He wanted to go without question, but he wasn't sure if Tony wanted him to go. The more he thought about it, the more tired he felt. Finally he answered, "I wouldn't mind the company if you don't." It was less romantic than what he might have liked to say, but it was the best he felt he could do. Even when Tony had been with Pepper, he wasn't exactly touchy feely or romantic in a traditional sense. For the first time Steve found himself wondering if they had a chance in hell of meeting in the middle. //It is way too late to be finally considering that.//
“Coffee?” Bucky grabbed the nearest pillow and threw it at Steve. “I see you’re still a little wiseass.” It was meant with a great deal of affection. It also came as something of a relief to find that Steve had remained the same old Steve Bucky had known despite everything that had happened. “You could’ve brought me something, y’know?” He folded his arms across his chest, adopting a mock angry expression. “Here I am laid up in a hospital bed and what do I get? No candy, no flowers, no nothing. Zip, zada. Is that anyway to greet an old, sick friend?”
Everyone froze and looked at Fury, who was standing, hands balled in fists and knuckles-down on the table. The Director, clearly as irritated as he got publicly, glowered at each of them in turn. "Stark's gonna do this." He looked at Tony. "For now."
"There's an ambulance on the way. Tony, you should try to stay awake while we wait for it."
Bruce drifted in a few minutes after the doctors began their work. “It’s more than just the drugs. What they did to him goes deeper than that.” Coulson watched the men working and the face of the man on the gurney still twisted in pain. “I hope we can find a way to bring him out of it.”
Loki looked up, surprised, and managed, "Thank you," before looking away again. It might mean nothing considering the situation, but an extra voice raised against the idea of his slaughter was still comforting. The plane loomed before them, and Loki hesitated at the ramp, glancing back over the Avengers trailing behind them along with Lady Sif. Her gaze was cold, and he turned away as quickly as he could without looking guiltier than he felt already. It was familiar being strapped into the back of the plane. The situation was far more fraught with tension, however, with the Widow glaring holes through him. Barton and Coulson looked as if they could barely breathe without being in one another's space. //My fault as well,// he thought, unaccustomed to the pang that followed the idea and frustrated at his inability to quell it and, more, his inability to think of any way to rectify it.
Bucky frowned. It was a sore subject and one he wasn't comfortable talking about - not even with Steve. Despite his wariness, Bucky padded across to the table and took a seat. "I'm afraid I'll have to disappoint you," he started. "Because I still don't remember anything." It was the truth. Besides a few flashes here and there, Bucky's memory amounted to a blank slate. "Steve's been trying to help, but all I get are headaches."
He sighed and let his hands fall. "Fine. I don't hate you, but I'm sure you can see from my perspective why I'm also not terribly fond of you at the moment."
"Let it never be said I stood in the way of your plans." Steve took his place, a wicked gleam in his eyes as he grabbed Tony by the hips. The close quarters meant they'd have to be careful even with Tony spread out - he was right about a concussion not being a pleasant end to the evening. Inch by inch, he sank into the man's body. Steve watched as Tony went from confident to barely holding on. He loved it. Steve knew it was a look he could get used to. It worried him to realize that maybe on some level he already had. Tony Stark was too addictive for it to be good for either of them.
Loki stalked his way down the hall. He wasn't going to tell Stark. There was no point. The man likely wouldn't believe him anyway. It didn't matter. He just wanted to spend one night not feeling the weight of something he couldn't put a name to pressing in on the back of his mind. Stark was in the room waiting, as was the safest course of action for him. "Forgive the interruption. I needed to see that Creed wasn't being too hard on his toys. Restraint isn't exactly one of his sharpest skills."
"I have other shirts now," Steve pointed out, "thanks to Jarvis making some orders. So, y'know, if you ever got impatient and just tore one of these shirts open, that would probably be fine. So you know." He was grinning and finally dove forward. His lips found Tony's and set about making the man forget that he was unbuttoning anything, let alone that he was annoyed doing it. Steve let the wine and the touches and the heat of Tony's kiss burn away everything but their perfect night. Everything else could wait until the morning.
"Both is good," Steve answered, taking a shaky breath. He hated looking like a mess in front of everyone in the lab, but the fact was that the very idea of something happening to Tony terrified him. They'd come too close when he used the gun. As it turned out, gambling with Tony's life was a lot more terrifying than gambling with his own. He allowed himself a moment to hold Tony close and be reassured by his presence before sighing and sending an apologetic look to the other scientists. They were all doing their best not to stare and mostly failing. "Bruce, tell me you can make this work."
"Relax. This is a gift from your suitor. Logan says hello." Before Scott could recover enough to protest, slender fingers plucked the glasses from his pocket. "You won't need these anymore."
"Well, if it isn't, it's gonna be awkward," Tony observed with a smirk. "Maybe that kind of thing's okay in Asgard? Like ancient Egypt?" Getting a look, Tony shrugged. "I'm trying to make it less awkward!" He sighed and rolled his eyes. "Alright, fine. I have no idea. I'm sure you're right. All things considered, I'm surprised they're okay with being in the same room together. I'm sure they're not... uh... yeah."
"Yeah, just..." It took Steve a second to get the suit open, the face shield sliding back. He'd managed to split his lip at some point, but Jarvis had noted that the bleeding stopped far more quickly than it had previously. The fact that he'd gained a little bit of bulk had also helped to make maneuvering in the suit a bit easier. Catching the look on Logan's face, he explained, "Tony left it for me. I... it seemed like a good idea to learn how to use it. Maybe I can actually help out." He took note of the striking woman at Logan's side. "Captain Steve Rogers, ma'am. Sorry for not being able to shake properly. This is just as hard to get off as it looks like."
Logan somehow doubted that Nat would be all that happy to see him, if she remembered what had happened. He felt a little guilty, hoping that Loki had done something to make sure she didn't. "Let's go on up. I'm sure Barton and some others'll be up there. They could probably use some company." //And I'm pretty sure I could stand to not be sittin' around, waitin' for somethin' to happen.//
"We've been cleared as soon as we feel ready," Coulson assured in light of the pronouncement." His fingers were still laced carefully together with Clint's under the table, and he gave them a squeeze. "As soon as we head out, I think I'm feeling pretty ready to deal with the situation." He hadn't missed Logan's glance and gave the man a nod. "It's good to know we're all on the same page."
Logan took a moment to appreciate the amount of athleticism and skill Clint displayed before stuffing a magazine in the Golani rifle he'd picked out. He'd seen what Scott could do more than enough times, so he left his lover to show off to Nat with a faint smirk. As he started putting rounds downrange, the only regret he had was that he was pretty sure he wasn't allowed a cigar to go with the rest of the therapy.
"Uh, okay," Darien answered. He was amazed and creeped out to find a closet full of things precisely fitted to him. He chose a pair of jeans and a dark button down with no idea where they were going or why. It seemed like a good sign that Clint wasn't sick of him and that he wasn't afraid to go out in public either. It meant Clint didn't think he was going to run the first chance he got. Frankly Darien had nowhere to run to. They both knew it. "What exactly is the plan?" he asked as he pulled on a pair of docs that, yes, fit him with disturbing perfection.
Logan's fingers dug into Scott's shoulder before he could stop himself, his back arching a bit as he threw his head back. He growled and moaned as he came, lifting his head in time to watch Scott take the generous load. "Fuck... fuck, Scott," he gasped, trying to keep enough control to not shove his dick completely down Scott's throat. Remembering to be gentle, he loosened his hand on Scott's shoulder.
Logan grunted and nodded, digging another pair of beers out of the fridge and giving one to Scott. "Drink faster. You're gonna need it if you're gonna go down that road," he pointed out with a faint smirk. He sighed lightly, mulling Scott's words over. "Well, I feel like SHIELD's a pretty big picture, and there's a curtain over all but a little corner of it, but they do have beer. And at least you know me. Better the asshole you know, right?" he asked, clapping Scott roughly on the shoulder. He couldn't help but notice how solid the man felt under that t-shirt. //Guy's in better shape than I-- WOAH. Woah. Nope. No. He's in rebound mode times two, and you're an asshole. This is not the road we're going down.//
Subdued, Clint shoved himself up, leaning against the cell wall and trying to let the cool surface calm him. He was pretty sure he'd just narrowly avoided a concussion. Seeing Victor pressing Phil against a wall, though, made it hard for him to just sit there. He worried with the cuffs on his wrists, but they were something bizarre and obviously not of earthly origin, as he couldn't even find a hinge or seam in them anywhere.
Bruce sighed. "We're still working on it. But we don't have forever. The second Loki sticks his head up, Fury's gonna want us to try and chop it off."
"Mmhm," Clint mumbled, managing a sleepy smile even with his eyes closed. Exhaustion finally overcame Clint's desire to enjoy the closeness, and he drifted off into a mercifully dreamless sleep.
Tony felt goosebumps rise on his skin, and he gripped Steve's hips as if trying to steady himself. It was amazing, having that level of power over the other man, being able to put that look of pleasure on his face. The billionaire would have smiled hearing Steve's head thump quietly against the wall if his mouth hadn't been otherwise occupied. He slowly began to bob his head, one hand gently cupping and stroking his partner's balls as he started to hum.
"I don't really think that's the point of this whole thing," Bruce interjected.
Tony smirked. Steve had caught him just before he'd managed to turn on the water, but the billionaire didn't protest at all. "Sleep? Who the hell said anything about sleep?" he teased, pulling the blonde into a slow kiss. It was odd, having his lover at almost the exact same height he was, neither having to lean down or or stretch upwards for a kiss. The man still felt like perfection against him, though, and Tony relished the feeling of their bared forms pressed together. "Must've had that helmet on too tight..." Trailing off, he caught Steve's lips in another breathless kiss, his arms draping over Steve's shoulders.
Clint tended to rise early as well, but he made it a point not to shine. He'd had his morning workout and shower but still looked ready to kill anyone who tried to be overly cheerful with him. Wearing a pair of beat-up jeans, a white t-shirt, and a baggy gray zip-up hoodie left hanging sloppily open, he slouched into the kitchen and made a beeline for the coffee. He put a pile of sugar in it, skipped the cream, and settled at the bar. A few sips into his coffee, he seemed to animate a bit more and glanced at Steve. "Morning. Thanks for the coffee," he said, trying to not stare too long at the other man. He had no delusions that Steve would be interested in a roll, and frankly got his fair share of sex from Nat, but anyone with a pulse could appreciate the view. Honestly, Clint had a difficult time imagining anyone not being at least peripherally interested. As he started to drag his attention back to his coffee, Clint hesitated.
"I'll put in the call," Fury agreed. He couldn't say Xavier was a buddy of his, but the man cared about his people and about humanity in general. Saving the world ranked above making friends. "Captain Rogers, until we know how this thing Fitz-Simmons cooked up is going, I want you here.t."
Steve reluctantly kept the armor on after they boarded. He wanted to tear it all free, but he held back. Being vulnerable with both Creed and Loki on board was a bad idea. He'd thought about trying to gather the rest of the Brotherhood, but Loki was the ringleader. He and Magneto were both in their custody, and Creed was the only one who'd broken the temporary truce by attacking them. "When we get to headquarters, you'll have a lot of questions to answer," he said firmly to Loki. "We're going to expect straight answers."
Clint tensed at the suggestion. "It saved my life," he snapped reflexively, then froze. //That wasn't me.// Shaking faintly, he put the weapon down on the floor of the plane between his feet. His hand tingled as he forcibly let it go, and he rubbed his hand on his pant leg as if trying to rid himself of the feeling.
The team deserves some good news, and Bruce & Jemma are adorkable.
This is gonna spoil things.
Clint glanced at Thor. "You think I could handle it?"
Plot only, no adult content except Tony drinking. A lot.
Logan gave Nat a look that was so full of lust that he barely seemed human even as a glint of humor flickered behind his eyes. Still holding her gaze, he placed another bite on Scott's shoulder, then refocused fully on his lover. He stopped thrusting almost completely, letting Scott writhe for a moment before he started moving, redoubling his pace. He growled, low and deep as his shaft pistoned in and out of Scott's hole, his hand clamping down hard on his lover's lean hip.
An interlude in which Loki is really put out with the whole situation.
"I don't think I can handle you two," Tony muttered under his breath as if Fitz-Simmons couldn't hear him. He stared at them for a moment the same way he'd stare at an engineering problem. "Alright, fine. Still. Look at the arc reactor. Maybe you can figure it out and build one to go on the prototype. Just watch out for Romanov. Ever see Jurassic Park? She's like the raptor. Distracts you while Barton gets you sighted in."
The pair both beamed at the praise, and Simmons continued, "Dr. Banner has been absolutely invaluable. Honestly, I don't think we'd even have what to do if - and, of course Mr. Stark," she added when Tony looked offended at not being included to start with. "This is quite thrilling."
Steve tried hard not to look scandalized when it sunk in what kind of 'fakes' Tony meant. "Think I'll make do with something a little more, um, real." He chose one of the pages that boasted of being the biggest fan site on the web dedicated to Iron Man and Tony Stark. It opened with ancute animation of Iron Man flying across the page, and he couldn't help smiling. "Looks like they really are big fans." He selected the Photos link, expression studious. He navigated the page as if it took the utmost concentration to execute the task properly. On that page there were half a dozen categories, so Steve chose a section at random and began scrolling through the images. There were shots of Tony on magazine covers, a few taken out and about at various events and, at the bottom of the page, a small collection of older photos. Steve selected one that showed a young Tony cradled in the arms of a beautiful woman who shared his dark hair but had flashing green eyes. "Your mom? She was really pretty, Tony."
Clint couldn't help but laugh a little, mostly because it almost felt absurd in his mind that someone would want to keep him around in any of the senses that Phil meant. "I suppose, but you're going to have to feed me, water me, and walk me twice a day," he returned easily, his usually gruff voice even rougher from sleep. His hand slid down Phil's chest, resting on his stomach as he leaned up to brush their lips together, careful to stop breathing long enough to avoid giving Phil a dose of his morning breath. "I am a pretty big responsibility, though. I've even been told I'm a pain in the ass."
"Until we understand it," Bruce agreed with a nod. "Maybe some sort of nanotechnology? Or even integrated genetic modification. But it seems like they actually have to have some preexisting latent ability with it." He brought up a tablet and pulled up everything SHIELD had to date on Asgardians. "It's hard to tell. Most of our instruments can't seem to comprehend their technology. Not really. Closest we got was Hydra's tesseract weaponry, and even they were just monkeys with cigarette lighters when it came down to it."
Coulson groaned and ran a hand over his face again. "I'm guessing there aren't a lot of bribes that would make you all quietly forget we've ever had this conversation?"
"Whatever they have my be so innate it's beyond them too. Like the tesseract. It couldn't have come from Hydra itself. They were no more advanced than we are. Less before they wiped out," Jemma reasoned, frowning at the words on the screen as she read through them over Bruce's shoulder. "Perhaps some measure of genetic mutation. Loki should never have been able to absorb the force of that weapon and survive, let alone come out of it without any injuries." It troubled her that he looked so normal. There had been not so much as a scratch on him, and self-proclaimed god or not, Jemma found it difficult to understand. "There has to be another factor. Thor said that Loki was adopted? Do we know anything about that? About what his real heritage is?"
Logan drew away and collapsed on the bed next to the pair, panting heavily and looking pleased with himself. Not the sort for words, he settled for giving Steve a sweaty slap on the shoulder.
Coulson considered the comment, surprised to hear it despite Clint’s sometimes solitary nature. Most people seemed to be settling into the tower one way or another. Somehow Fury had even convinced him to take a suite after a lot of pressure and cajoling and reminders that he was "part of the team" and some other patriotic crap that Coulson only later realized he probably should've been well immune to. "Not so sure you like bunking with everybody else?" He would have thought that at least the convenient middle ground with Natasha would have made the arrangement worth it in Clint's mind.
In the absence of an eyeline on Bruce and with Steve stalking toward Mystique, Coulson grabbed a particularly threatening-looking gun from the shelf and moved in closer to Clint. "You should probably not touch that more than you have to. We don't know what it does, just that it’s bad. Which is not the kind of specific I like."
//Probably more fun than a certain tall, green wrecking ball I know...// "They know. SHIELD's used to having strings attached when it comes to its pet experiments," Clint said. Fury hadn't seen fit to give him all the details, but he knew enough to know that Darien would need some kind of upkeep - shots, apparently - to remain useful. "The main reason SHIELD wants you is probably because they don't like the idea of someone else having you. That, and being able to disappear has its tactical advantages. The director doesn't always like to tell me everything he's thinking, so they may have something more specific in mind, too. You might want to work on that whole looking ready to piss yourself when someone gets killed thing, though." Realizing that Darien could probably use a little reassurance, Clint paused. "Agent Barton, by the way," he said, wiping most of the blood from his right hand onto his trousers before offering it for a shake. "Also known as Hawkeye."
"You'd be amazed at the things Agent Coulson can find on the internet," Steve pointed out as he held the door for Logan to climb in. He knew exactly what Logan meant about Tony and the Hulk. He had frankly expected the worst himself, but thankfully Bruce had turned out to be almost as zen as Tony was manic. Together they created an odd sort of harmony. He gave the cabbie the name of the hotel and breathed a sigh of relief when no further interaction was necessary. Sober, Tony could have translated fluently. Drunk, Steve was worried they'd end up getting dropped off at a brothel instead of their hotel. Thankfully when they pulled up, the gleaming exterior was blessedly familiar. The luxury of the place was almost embarrassing, and Steve shrugged as he held the door open for Tony to make sure the playboy didn't end up on his ass instead of his feet. "Like I said, we have plenty of room."
Loki purred at the touch of Tony's teeth. It was almost gentle as such things went, but enough to excite him. His hips jerked in the mortal's strong grip. "You may be worth my time at that," he chuckled. Stark seemed to have let go any hesitation for the time being. It was entrancing to feel him at work with so many of the walls surrounding Tony lying crumbled around them.
Scott snickered and then shrugged. "I think we could use it after the last few... years." He drank his beer faster than normal and then ordered another round for the table. He clinked his glass against Natasha's when she held out hers in thanks.
"Figures," Logan grunted.
Darien took his hand. "Darien Fawkes... and I think this is my cue to exit. Just let me know if you guys need a hand with anything." He gave Clint a meaningful look before retreating from the room with what was left of his dignity.
Clint moaned as Coulson dragged him closer, his hips rocking instinctually against the other man's. With a soft gasp, he broke the kiss, nipping at Phil's neck as his hands moved from hips to shirt. His fingers trailed over Phil's abdomen, feeling the lean muscles, the dusting of hair. His handler wasn't cut like he was, but Clint could feel the lean strength in him nonetheless. The archer's fingers dipped into Coulson's waistband, teasing the skin beneath briefly before one strong, nimble hand slid between Phil's legs. Clint couldn't help the sharp gasp that escaped him as his fingers traced the outline of Phil's cock through his jeans. "Jesus..." he breathed, his voice rough and deep against Coulson's ear. "You... God, you really *are* hung."
"Then I'll just leave." Logan turned resolutely to walk away.
Phil leaned into the touch and the kiss. The embrace started out very nearly chaste. They were testing the waters. Slowly they found the perfect position, the perfect place to rest their hands. He didn't really care who was watching. After a brief bout of trying to hide himself away in high school, Phil had given up on it. He'd hated every second of trying to be something he wasn't even if what he was didn't happen to fit the mold his parents had wanted for him. He slid his tongue gently against the seam of Clint's lips, asking for entrance, for permission to test the boundaries a little more.
"Fine, okay, you're right. I like Clint," Steve allowed, though he didn't bother to try and pretend he wasn't pouting just a little. Tony owed him, and he intended to make the man pay up. "And I love you, so no paste. Promise." He found himself kissing Tony's neck, nipping at it in a foolish, pointless sort of punishment for the man's crimes. Ultimately he couldn’t be angry at Tony for being stupid and desperate. He'd felt the same way, he'd just dealt with it differently. "Luckily for you I don't have much room for feeling anything but really glad that you're alive and here with me even if we are going to be sitting in a room with Loki all evening. Do you think... I mean, they wouldn't... he and Thor... it's, uh..." Steve shook it off. "I'm sure it's all past tense."
At the head of the group Natasha heard too. "Wait here," she snapped, assuming command without a thought. Normally Steve would have interfered, but in that moment, he was too scared of what he might see on the other side of the doors. He just nodded meekly, going with Thor to make sure the rest of the building was clear for their egress.
"I think so too," Coulson agreed, the momentary shot of fear he'd felt at Clint drawing away ebbing as the contact continued. He reached for Clint's other hand and threaded their fingers together just to feel the palm flat against his own. "I think sometimes we all need a chance to shed our skin. If I can be yours... that would be an honor." Gently, he suggested, "You ready to go to bed? Don't worry, just talking sleep. I think we can probably keep our hands to ourselves. Mostly."
Phil let out a shuddering breath. Just the touch to that harsh reminder of their captivity made his eyes tear up. "I hate that it happened, especially after... after what Loki did to you before." He turned his head to kiss the side of Clint's head. "I wanted to protect you. That's... I'm supposed to be able to do that." Speaking the thought gave it form, but it also felt better being honest about the perceived failure.
"We will," Tony agreed, emphasizing the first word. "I'm itching to... get my hands on... whoever did this." It took a lot to get Tony Stark angry. He usually handled an intense situation with a cutting quip or outwitting his adversaries. An unseen assailant with an unknown motive was something different. If he had the strength to crawl into his Iron Man suit, Tony would have done so the minute Steve had lifted the chandelier from his body. "Don't go... out on your... own," he wheezed a warning to Steve. "I'm not... getting left behind..."
“Get the hell out of my office,” Fury grunted with a wave of his hand.
Steve had barely finished his sentence when another reporter popped up, "Mr. Stark, is this going to be like your relationship with Ms. Potts?"
Steve hesitated and then shook his head. "No. That's between the two of you. We both know it wasn't a choice you made, exactly." He let Scott think that over. "Logan said to tell you he's sorry and that he misses you. And that he loves you."
For his part, Logan untwisted his fingers from Scott's only to pull the man against him and rest Scott's head on his chest. "You let me know if we need to go home early," he said, tone firm but gentle.
Though he winced, Phil still nodded his agreement. "I could eat. And the couch is going to get a permanent dent in it if we don't get off of it sometimes." He held back from holding a hand out to Clint, not sure how it would be taken in front of their friends.
It took him way longer than it should have. Clint wasn't used to agonizing over what to wear. He finally convinced himself that a band shirt under an open button down and black jeans and biker boots would do. Phil hadn't specified, so Clint decided that his best bet was to meet his handler next to Lola, though he made sure not to touch her. Instead, he leaned against a black SUV and stuffed his hands in his pockets, quietly mulling the newfound dimension of their relationship. It was overwhelming and exciting all at once. He wanted to jump in headfirst, but he also wanted to make sure that it was about more than sex and breakfast. //Though those would go a long way...// he thought, smiling a little goofily.
"Um, yeah," Steve answered as he followed Tony in. He felt out of place before they even entered the club. Much like Logan, the posh exterior and velvet ropes had left him with a creepy, crawling feeling that the place was going to be very much the opposite of the cozy bar he'd been hoping for. Inside everything was chrome and velvet and glittering chandeliers, and for a few minutes all Steve could do was stare open-mouthed at the bar itself. Once his gaze finally lowered Steve picked up on another fact about the place. There were men everywhere. Only men everywhere. "Uh, Tony?" he ventured quietly. When the billionaire seemed too distracted chatting with an acquaintance to turn around at once, Steve tapped him impatiently on the shoulder. "Tony, is this... is this a gay bar?"
"We find him, or at least some part of the organization. We have a few vague traces for these signals, so the first step is to find someone... or maybe to wait for them to find us. If they really want you, they'll eventually come after you. If they really want Tony, they'll come after him. So we post security, we secure the Tower, and we wait. You wait. Clint and I search."
Steve was actually fond of kids, but he understood the sentiment. They were just getting to know one another, and it was nice to be able to carve out a little time for relaxation. A horde of underaged fans wouldn't exactly be the right way to start that off. When the waitress arrived, Steve ordered one of the larger steaks on the menu medium rare along with a beer. Catching the look Logan gave him, he smiled. "When in Rome..." He passed his menu over and waited for Logan to make his selection. "My image as a Boy Scout may be slightly exaggerated. Nobody's perfect all the time."
Tony sighed and rubbed a hand over his face. "Alright. Alright, okay," he said, taking a deep breath. He wondered if it was really a progress update or if the good director actually had a mission for them. His eyes flicked anxiously to Steve before he could stop himself. He could see the well-controlled fear in the blonde's bright blue eyes as well. He wasn't sure if he was ready to actually deal with the idea of building the gun and using it. It was, in fact, the first time Tony Stark was not all that anxious to try out a new invention. Hands he just managed to keep from shaking nervously pulled Steve close. "Hey... It'll be alright. Hulk's gonna smash, Wolverine's gonna kill Loki, and I'll fly around making smartass remarks," he said, quirking a smile he didn't really feel.
Clint tilted his head. "Do we really need SHIELD's old picture with it right there?"
"Physically, as well as can be expected." Tony was quiet for a little longer than was comfortable before adding, "He's afraid I'll leave him." He looked up at Coulson, some unreadable emotion behind his expression that even Tony couldn't quite place before quickly looking away again. "He thinks I won't find him attractive if we can't get the serum back in working order." Tony slipped a hand into his pocket and absently fiddled with the wallet, thought on the folded paper inside. "I still love him. I still think he's beautiful." He took a deep breath and shifted uncomfortably, looking back up at Coulson. "Phil, sorry... I... Sorry. Just... I'm just rambling."
While Tony runs the washcloth over his face, Steve takes the opportunity to open the nightstand drawer and look for the massage oil. There's a variety of lube here, in all different sorts of containers. Tony's collection ranges from Astroglide, through a number of discreetly-packaged products Steve suspects are expensive, all the way to a bottle of mysterious dry powder labeled "for veterinary use only." And then there are the
A rattling noise echoes from within Iron Man's helmet; it's another laugh. "Blank checks are dangerous, Winghead. That could be a hell of a long time."
did not contain gear suitable for equitation.
And here Tony was, acting like he thought he'd done something wrong. Like he was waiting to be told he was wrong. Tiberius had done an awful lot of damage, hadn't he? Steve suspected they were going to keep finding scars for a long time to come. And Steve hated that it had happened, hated that Tony had ever been hurt, but he'd known what he was getting into when he'd kissed Tony. And he was planning on staying. For good.
Tony smiles back. "I'd kiss you," Tony offers. "But I think maybe... not right now, huh, Dracula?"
Steve's smile is sharp, filthy, and knowing, like he's undressing Tony with his eyes right now. And then he moves on to the actual undressing; he turns one hand palm-up and starts working on the fastenings of the golden bracer he's wearing, buckled all down the inside of his arm.
"An apology," Mr. Stark repeats. "You know, the thing you owe someone when you do something wrong."
He couldn't do this. He
"Maybe not," Tony said. "Wanted to, though," he added, and Steve got the distinct impression that Tony felt the same way about it.
Helpless, he held his hands out. Palms down, unarmed, the way Tony would have done it. He stared at the backs of his hand, fancying that he could see the fracture. It wouldn't actually be there anymore. On Steve, no one could even see where the breaks had once been. All he had was his memory. No traces. He knew he always healed clean.
And, of course, it was Tony. That gave it even more meaning. That made it perfect. He'd wanted to be here for so long. Right here. With Tony. And here he was. For good. Tony still hadn't said it. But he still knew.
He swallows hard and tries not to cough.
But the villain happened to be his boyfriend, and that changed everything. Tony was confronting his abusive boyfriend. Tony was confronting his abusive boyfriend who twisted the truth as easily as other people breathed. Tony was confronting his abusive boyfriend who'd wanted revenge on him for the death of his parents for -- if Steve had the dates right -- almost fifteen years. Tony was confronting his abusive boyfriend who was responsible for the deaths of at least five people that Steve knew about. Steve suspected the actual body count was higher than that.
"Oh," Steve says, trying for an innocent tone, "then you're
? He was so proper, so prim, so buttoned up. When the Avengers' chatter turned raunchy, he never joined in. He was innocent. He had to be innocent. Too innocent to know about any of this, anything remotely resembling kink. Wasn't he innocent?
," Iron Man says, finally, incredulously, and his voice cracks in the middle of the word, He's shaking, and static hisses loudly through the vocal filters. Steve wonders what's wrong with him. Then he realizes that Iron Man is actually
Good. Good. This was what he'd needed.
This was it. This had to be it.
He's retreating.
Maybe it wasn't a usual thing to think about a friend. Maybe most people didn't have a friend they admired more than anyone else they'd ever known. But it was what it was. Being Tony's fan was a better option than everything else he felt about Tony these days. Unfortunately, that wasn't an either-or option.
Tony knows all about Hanahaki progression.
thing."
"I couldn't?"
Steve was going to make Tony happy, or as close to happy as he could get him. That was Steve's goal for the rest of the night. That was Steve's goal for the rest of his life, if he was being honest with himself. But he'd start with tonight. And this was a good place to start. He knew Tony liked the shield. That was good. That would make Tony feel good. It already had. Tony had smiled at him, delighted, and then finally had slid the shield onto his back and climbed on behind him.
. Briskly, Tony tapped the metal port again. "What you can see from the outside is the charging port; the battery in it needs a regular charge. It's a little more... involved... than the old chestplate, which was all external. This isn't. The battery lasts a lot longer, thankfully, but charging it--" Tony glanced away and then back again. "It's painful. The chestplate wasn't the height of comfort for several reasons, but charging it never actually hurt. This does. A lot."
"Sitting next to you," Steve says. "But if you don't want me to, I can-- I can go."
"Not exactly going anywhere right now."
The last time Steve had seen Tiberius, Steve had walked in on him with a hand down Tony's pants. Although, Steve realized, he'd been just as confident then too.
"You better not," Steve murmured.
"Tony," Steve said, slow, cautious, "who else knew you were visiting Donahue yesterday?"
Steve's feelings about that don't matter right now. They can't. Tony's the one at the edge of the cliff right now.
The Avengers were there too -- well, not all of them, obviously, just enough to be representative, and obviously not including Iron Man -- because, after all, it was the Foundation that paid their salaries. So Steve, along with the rest of the team, was dragged on stage for a few seconds, the same as every year.
He glanced up and realized Tony had been watching him look; Tony was smiling, watching him intently. Steve went hot, and somehow he was even harder.
"Bondage is a good look on you," Tony says, with a wider smile that doesn't quite reach his eyes. "Kinky."
"So," Mr. Stark says, softly. "I owe you an apology."
He wasn't really that mad; he'd needed to up his game anyway. But it was going to be harder to get her to the mat if she wasn't going to stay on the damn ground.
The world is soft-edged. Steve feels like he's floating. Tony gently wipes him up with one of the discarded towels and then stretches out next to him, wrapping an arm and a leg possessively over him.
It's a relatively recent picture, taken here in this very room. If Tony has to guess, it's probably from the party they threw after they brought Jan back to this dimension. They're both in uniform, but Steve has his cowl pulled back and Tony has his faceplate pushed up. Steve has his arm over Tony's shoulders, and he's dragged their faces together for a selfie. They're both smiling. Tony is smiling at the camera. Steve is smiling at... him.
Tony's lips were pursed, his gaze just a little out of focus. Steve knew how Tony looked when he was coming up with a plan, and he looked like he had a hell of one now.
Yeah, they were definitely friends, all right.
Steve's laughing too. "I don't know how well that'll work out. Flag-Smasher will probably decide that my birthday is the perfect time to remind us all that he doesn't approve of the existence of countries."
"Tony, have I
. Oh, God. He'd had it all wrong, even then.
He pulled out his identicard, pinging Tony one last time. He was still up there. No sign of movement.
At first Steve is confused, but then he realizes he can make a pretty good guess about that, now. "Because Iron Man needs the armor to live. And the doctors don't know it exists, do they?"
Raising a lazy hand, Mordo pointed, and Tony knew enough about magicians to know that now would be a great time to get out of the way, and, shit, he wouldn't have full flight capability for ten more seconds--
If it means that much to Iron Man that Steve compliments him, that's definitely a good sign, he thinks, and then, out of nowhere, the thought hits him:
And if that didn't happen, it would be okay. He'd been in unrequited love for nearly a decade, after all. He could just keep going. Sure, it hurt. But a lot of things hurt. That was life.
"You don't have to say it back," Steve says. "It's okay."
But Tony's already ahead of him. "Towels are with the rest of the linens, if you don't mind getting them," he says, and, oh,
"--obtained evidence that Tony Stark and his bodyguard Iron Man have now been linked to the recent death of Mark Scarlotti, better known as the villain Whiplash," the news anchor said.
"It's the one with the bed in it, yeah," he agreed. "You can't miss it."
Steve stopped, halfway through his sentence, his mouth hanging open.
There will be a later, Steve knows. There's got to be.
"Wasp?" he asks. He can't really focus on anything; all his thoughts are with Iron Man.
"Are you asking me this," Tony asks, his voice very soft, "because you love me?"
Dumbfounded, Tony stares.
Tony was smiling again, just a little, hope shining through. "You really...?"
"Mr. Stark!" Steve calls out, alarmed. "Are you all right?"
He said it like he wasn't sure what Tony would think, which was ridiculous because Tony thought that sounded like the most appealing thing in the entire world. "Mmm," he said, tapping the crop against his hand. "I'll keep that in mind. Ready for a flogger now?"
"Well, I haven't exactly been celibate," Steve admitted, a little awkwardly. He hadn't really thought of himself as waiting. "But in terms of what I wanted to do with men, yeah. It's you for me. I've wanted it to be you since I met you. Sometimes I thought about going out and finding a guy, just to know what it would be like. But none of them were you. So I didn't."
Steve squints at him. "Nine what?"
Tony's had a hell of a night and Steve's not actually here professionally. So he doesn't push as hard as he might. He just moves on to the next spot, giving it equal attention, and Tony lets out a heavy sigh, like he was definitely in at least some discomfort but hadn't wanted to bring it up.
There sure wasn't anyone else in the world like Steve.
Carol nodded. "You definitely don't have to wrap your hands if you don't want to," she said, helpfully. "I wasn't planning to, and we both know you'll heal all the bruises in an hour anyway."
Oh. This was the part where Tony was afraid that Steve was
"More than a chance," Tony told him. "More like... a sure thing."
Steve laughed -- or tried to -- and felt his body recoil in protest, as his ribs hurt. "Ow. That's not how you like to wake up, and I know that for a fact."
Steve smiled back. "Yeah. So far, everything we've done has been incredible. I am definitely enjoying myself. And, uh," he added, "I mean, you have to know you have a reputation, right?"
, as if anything Steve desires will be his undoing. "All right," Tony murmurs, acquiescing. "All right, Winghead. Since you asked." The nickname falls easily from his lips; Steve's first thought is that he's never heard Tony say it before, and then he realizes that of course he has.
"That was different," Steve said. "This is the good kind of bondage." His eyes were a little hazy, and he was smiling, a faint and hopeful little smile. Tony could still hardly believe that Steve was
"Sorry," Steve offered. He couldn't tell whether Tony actually wanted an apology.
"Would you be willing to make those records public?"
, he told himself.
Tony nodded. "Getting there."
Someday he'll ask Tony about it, and he already knows Tony will tell him yes.
He couldn't think. God, he couldn't think.
"So I was thinking that, just for safety's sake," Jan continued, while Steve's whole brain remained completely stuck on the thought of
"But you were so brave," Iron Man tells him. "You did just what I asked you to do, even though it was scary, and you helped me so I could fly both of us out the window. That was a really important thing you did, and you did it exactly right. And you're going to be just fine. Everyone's going to be fine. Look, here come the fire trucks. Do you like fire trucks?"
, anyway. He just feels like shit about how the fight with Ghost went. That hardly merits aftercare.
And Tony-- Tony worked with his hands.
Of course, Steve was more than limber enough to reach down and unclip his ankles at any time, but this wasn't about that.
Tony reached up and covered Steve's hand on his shoulder with his own. For some reason, Tony's hands felt a lot warmer than usual. Maybe Steve was cold. His thoughts weren't fitting together right.
before he tried kink, but, God, it's a rush. It's dizzying, heady. He feels like he could do anything, anything at all, and Tony would let him. More than let him. Tony would
had him killed. But Steve had no proof. Just as he had no proof that Tiberius was lying about being uninvolved with programming.
And, besides, well... he'd never. Not with a man. And he knew it couldn't be
"I'm here at the Stone building," the reporter said, "where the villain Radioactive Man has taken Tiberius Stone hostage. His demands are unknown. And I've just been informed that Iron Man is on the scene."
"Nice," Tony said, approvingly. There was really no other word for
He sighed, turned the page, started reading, and tried to lose himself in the story.
. And that wasn't happening. It was the same problem Tony had already had so many times, and here it was, happening again.
Tony sat back down, though he didn't pick up his newspaper again; he studied Steve with interest as Steve dipped a corner of the bread in one of the yolks, then took a bite.
He sounds sad again. Steve wishes he weren't. He doesn't understand.
Steve was wearing a clean uniform, devoid of bloodstains, so either Tony had been out for a while (likely) or someone had convinced Steve to take a break (unlikely). Or both. On the other hand, he did look like he'd shaved recently, so maybe it wasn't as unlikely as all that. His expression was easy and open, hopeful and gentle and a little uncertain, as if he'd only just become acquainted with the idea of happiness and didn't know what to think about it yet.
Steve pulled off for half a second, licked his palm, and wrapped it around the base of Tony's cock, the way Tony had done for him -- but a little tighter than he would have for himself, the way he thought Tony might like it.
Steve should have wanted Tony to be happy. If he were a good friend, he told himself, that's what he really should have wanted for Tony. It shouldn't have mattered that Tony had other friends. It wasn't that he minded Tony having friends, because he didn't. But something about this man's very existence was rubbing Steve the wrong way.
He's doing his best. Steve knows that.
, Tony's mind chorused.
?" Steve asked, instead, because honestly he thought that was a fair question.
Tony shakes his head wildly and squeezes his eyes closed. "I-- I can't-- you--" He takes a gasping breath. "Your amnesia. It's my fault. You-- it was an accident. I'm sorry. It's all my fault."
Steve looked at the guy in the yellow suit on the floor, then back up at Tony. "Jesus," he said, his voice rough and somehow impressed, "you really are drugged to the gills, aren't you?"
"You haven't done anything wrong," Iron Man replies, but his voice is trembling. "You absolutely haven't. I'm glad I could... make you feel good. And I do want you. Of course I want you. I just-- I just." He pauses, and he drags his hand over his face again. "I can't. I mean, I
The weird thing is, it's actually not something he's ever offered Tony, in all the years he's known him. The first few years, Tony didn't want anyone to touch him at all, not that Steve knew why at the time. And then after that, Steve would have felt guilty asking, even though he would have liked to and there have certainly been times when Tony clearly needed help with his aching muscles; it's not that it's a sex thing, or that it always has to be a sex thing -- though sometimes it definitely has been, in Steve's experience -- but he felt that coming up with excuses to touch a man who he was almost positive didn't want him would have been a massive impropriety on his part. So he'd let someone else help Tony, or he'd let Tony take care of it himself. That was better all-round. So he didn't offer it, and Tony never asked him for it, and Steve figured that that was just where they stood, on the matter. An unspoken compromise.
"No, it's okay," Steve assured her. "I absolutely still care about him." That was going to sound weird. "It doesn't make a lot of sense, I know. If I could tell you the whole story I would, but it's not-- it's not mine to tell." He paused. It had to be okay to say this much. He wasn't going to mention Tiberius. "Tony's not drinking right now. I'm certain of that. But I know he-- he came pretty close last night." He sighed. "It's hard for me to tell you more without touching on... the things I can't talk about. But I think right now Tony's not in a position where he's going to be happy accepting help from anyone."
The world faded away, and everything Tony knew was gone, into the darkness.
How had Iron Man known?
. He just barely manages to choke back laughter.
He wanted what they had. What they'd always had. But more.
It was easy to find Mordo. He'd left a trail of destruction in his wake. The middle of the floor should have consisted of colorful holiday-themed displays, with a long velvet-rope line to indicate the path to wait for a meeting with Santa Claus. Instead, there were splintered and shattered displays: snapped ropes here, a pile of steel stanchions in disarray there.
Game on.
Tony looked up at him and took a shaking breath. "Here's the truth," he said. He sounded like he was about thirty seconds from a breakdown, holding himself together with willpower alone. "I went to see Trevor Donahue yesterday. I did. That part's not a lie. But it wasn't anything like that, I swear. Ty had asked me to do him a favor. He said that ViaStone was considering acquiring Donahue, and he asked me, as a friend, to check Donahue out. See what I thought of the guy, you know? Be a consultant." Tony's mouth twisted. "The last thing Whiplash said before he died was that he'd been sent by Donahue to kill me. So I was interested anyway. So I went."
He needs to adjust faster.
happens." Tony jerked his head at the TV. "Jesus. How the hell do they just so happen to have the exact footage that makes me look guilty?"
He loves Iron Man.
But then he reaches Tony and it's all better, because Tony slides his fingers into his hair, pulls his head up, and tips his face back. It's a little rough, but that's even better. Steve doesn't want to fight back. Steve wants to take what Tony gives him. He leans gratefully against Tony's leg.
Tigra's clawed fingers tapped against the computer keys as she brought up the report.
There's bare skin under the gauntlets, the bracers, the epaulets -- all the way up Tony's arm to his shoulder. When Steve runs his fingers over Tony's bicep, he finds that Tony is trembling with exhaustion, with the drop, and his skin is tacky, clammy with sweat. He gets his hands on the shoulders of the chestplate and looks up to see Tony's wan smile. Tony's face is still patchy and tear-stained.
"I do," Tony said, urgently, as if he thought that Steve might have doubted his feelings. "I do, I really do."
For a few seconds, Iron Man doesn't say anything. Steve can measure the time by the beats of his anxious heart. He wonders if Iron Man can read his heart rate by looking at him.
He could do this. He could be mature. He could ask after Tony's boyfriend. It was what a real friend would do.
Steve smiles back. "Wow," he says. "And here I thought you couldn't walk. Guess I was wrong, huh?"
He sighed, put the lid on the box, and rose to his feet.
Tony turned around -- and there were tears sliding down his face.
"I wouldn't know about
Tony has no time for social niceties. "I need to speak with Stephen."
"Donahue's story made sense to me." Tony wasn't quite answering the question. "I'm used to being hated. I've made a lot of enemies. My father made a lot of enemies. It made sense that Ty might have come to consider himself one of them."
But he still has Tony, and Tony is
"Aye," Thor said, and they all dug in.
"Maybe I want to do this again a lot," Steve returned. He paused. "I-- I love you, Tony. You don't have to say it back. I just want you to know."
Steve carried him over a little rise and there was the Quincarrier, just sitting right there. "Just me," Steve said, "and you're in Madripoor."
sounded like an excellent idea, actually. But not what Steve wanted to try right now. "I'd rather swallow," he whispered, and he put his mouth on Tony's cock again, his lips barely closing around the tip, and he stroked Tony hard and fast.
"We can try it sometime, yeah," Steve offered. He wanted to do
But it's not that he wants to know who Iron Man is. And it's not like he'd recognize Iron Man if Iron Man took off the helmet. He just wants... to see his face. To see his smile. To see more of him than just his eyes. To touch him, skin to skin.
That's a relief.
"Maybe," Steve murmurs, and his voice has a low, dark note in it, and he thinks he's still from the forties and he's straight, isn't he, isn't he straight, and he can't be
"That's nice to hear," Tony said, still smiling. "I'll see what I can do about making it even better."
"Of course," Steve said, because he was nothing if not perfectly sincere. "See, when I do
"Oh," Tony breathes, entranced. "That feels so
That means, of course, that Ghost is now invisible.
Maybe it was some kind of accident. Maybe it was some kind of innocent mistake. Maybe there was a sensible explanation for all of this. But it looked bad. It looked really, really bad.
." He sniffled. "I haven't had a drink in years. And I'd really like to say it was bad, but it wasn't. For a few minutes, even in there, even with Ty laughing at me, nothing
do. And, yes, I know exactly what he can threaten us with. But if he wants to screw around with trying to pull our UN clearances, then
"I meant it."
was the happiness again. Tony's eyes were wide, incredulous, but he was already starting to smile, a huge, gorgeous smile that just kept breaking through, again and again, as the look in his eyes brightened, pessimism crumbling in the face of so much hope. He couldn't hold anything back, and then he stopped trying to. He was radiant. He looked changed, transformed. A different man. Steve had never seen him this happy before -- not about a new suit, not about a new team, not about anything. But Tony had clearly been waiting a long, long time to hear those words. Steve had made him look like this, too.
Steve doesn't understand. Why is Iron Man wearing this? He doesn't know what to say, other than that it's oddly adorable, which is not the reaction he thinks Iron Man wants him to have.
He traced a path down Tony's side, over the line of his ribcage, letting his hand settle at Tony's waist in invitation. Steve could feel Tony's entire body shudder against him, hips rocking forward against Steve's thigh, pressing just a little longer. Steve wished his uniform pants weren't quite so thick; he wanted to feel Tony, hard against him. Because of him. For him. That was really-- that was really something else, to know just how much Tony wanted him.
"Yeah, you're not the only one with a past. Fury wasn't kidding when he said the team was kind of a mess," Clint said with a faint smirk.
Steve took a seat right next to the billionaire and found himself progressively more worried by the fact that Tony wasn't talking. Tony Stark, the man who never shut up, wasn't talking. He opened his mouth several times to break the silence but always ended up shutting it again. What could he say? Of course Tony blamed him for what had happened. Of course Tony felt terrible. There was nothing to say. By the time they reached headquarters, Steve's stomach was in knots, and he didn't even have the strength to protest when Natasha insisted he help Bruce instead of following Tony. Instead they parted ways in the hall as Tony was taken one way to detox and Bucky was taken another. Bruce was in charge of finding out how bad things were and whether there was any chance of finding the man he had once been inside the Soldier.
"Oh, you can bet there are going to be brain scans. You're going to Simmons right after this," Fury said, then pointed at Thor. "And you... you're going to ask me to let him live, too, aren't you? Considering how well Asgard held onto him last time, I'm not that inclined to play along."
Steve felt his suit and the flesh beneath it tear as he ducked back. Thankfully it was a superficial wound, and he knew it would be gone inside a day. Less comforting was the thought of the kind of damage the enraged man could do. Steve caught movement from the corner of his eye and was comforted to realize that Tony was at least okay enough to get up and move. "You need to work on your anger management," Steve gritted out, trying to keep the shield between his body and Creed.
Victor chuckled at the exchange. He sobered for a second as Loki's orders not to do permanent damage filtered through the impending frenzy. The flash of annoyance at the idea that he wouldn't get to hear Coulson scream in horror while he ripped Barton's guts out faded quickly when he realized he'd been given free reign to do just about anything else. His powerful hands bore down heavily on the archer's shoulders, pinning him down as he leaned over the man to whisper in his ear, "That's right. Look at him."
Scott moaned around Logan's cock. He was too turned on to think about the fact that it might hurt. He just knew he needed it as badly as Logan did. Sucking as hard as he could, Scott finally drew back. He didn't want Logan to cum too soon. Scott took the break to divest himself of his pants and find the lube in the drawer of the nightstand. He passed the bottle to Logan. "You wanna do the honors?"
His image fades into wisps of smoke and the call disconnects.
Steve squeezed Tony's hand. "Sure thing."
"Please tell me this is real," Tony whispered, brokenly. He sounded like he was starting to cry. "Please tell me I'm not dreaming. Please tell me you're really here."
Tony leaned in and kissed him again. This kiss, too, was different from the rest. This kiss was deep, heavy, passionate. This was Tony just taking everything he wanted, everything Steve could give him. This was Tony daring to finally, finally have what he wanted, what he'd dreamed of, what had always been his.
It was all too much. He couldn't think. He couldn't feel anything except the terrible onrushing darkness, threatening to swallow him whole. He didn't know what to do.
But today is not an ordinary day, and Steve just
Everything was going to be just fine.
was Midtown. Maybe today wasn't Tony's lucky day after all.
"So," Steve ventures. He can hardly see Iron Man's eyes, tonight; they're shadowed in the depths of the mask. "You want to tell me what's wrong?"
He can't say that.
They forwent the cliché dinner-after-the-movie, which Steve was fine with, because it didn't seem fair for him to eat when Iron Man could only sip a drink through a straw.
, he'd said.
"Other right hand, champ."
Steve smiled. "Well," he allowed, "I'll just get my boots off first. Pretty sure there's no way to make that at all sexy."
Another sad laugh issues from Iron Man's mouth, more choked static. "Yeah," he says, almost bitterly. "I know. But I'm a working superhero. If I had a kid, and one of my enemies found out, that kid would be a target. Instant leverage. That's the height of irresponsibility. And, sure, I could probably have a kid if I retired. But I can't imagine myself getting out of this game anytime soon. I can save the world. I can do things no one else can, and that means I have a duty to humanity to do them. And it also means not putting anyone who can't take care of themselves in harm's way."
Tony swallowed thickly and stared at Steve like he thought it was a trick. Like no one had ever offered him even this modicum of decency. But he answered anyway. "Not-- not the scars or the charging port, then," he said, almost too quietly to hear. "Everything below that is fine to look at and touch. Not that I can imagine you getting much out the sight of my stomach."
Steve inhaled hard and took an unsteady step backwards; the words were a punch he hadn't braced for. Tony didn't know, he reminded himself. Tony didn't know he liked him and he certainly wasn't going to tell him and that meant he had to stand here and take it.
"No," Steve said, just as quietly, "but we both know I'm not... in your social class."
On the other side of a column about twenty feet from the escalator landing, Tony finally found an outlet. All right. He was in business. He ran a hand over the armor, frowned critically at himself and then worked at the little panel at the lower edge of the chestplate, just above where the groin plating started. It was tricky to do while wearing gauntlets -- he really ought to think about revising that design -- but eventually the clasp came undone and the panel popped open.
Oh, boy, had he ever walked right into that one.
"And obviously he didn't know that I -- or Iron Man -- had any existing connection to Donahue. How could he have known? He said he wouldn't have asked me for that favor if he'd known. So, you see," Tony said, triumphantly, "he did apologize after all. He said that part was his fault."
"I mean," Steve says, haltingly. "I was there-- they said the cancer came back-- but nobody told me how bad it was before they put me in here, and I haven't seen anyone since then, and I just-- I just--"
Iron Man laughs another small laugh, a little blip of static. "I guess so."
T'Challa nods, gives orders, and the rest of the Avengers slowly filter out of the room, until it's just him and Steve left, standing at opposite ends of the room, on the same side of the long briefing-room table.
"These days," Mr. Stark says, gently, "if you get engaged in under a year or so, people tend to assume one of you is pregnant. Though, unless either you or Iron Man have some information about yourself that you've never told me -- which would be fine, to be clear, I'm not judging here -- I don't think that possibility is very likely."
Tony raised a hand and pointed at him, his finger stabbing into the air, but then his hand sagged back against the door. His throat worked as he swallowed hard. "I didn't ask you to defend me." The words sounded strangled, caught somewhere in his chest.
"No," Steve said, quietly, venomously. "But you were the first one to do it. And you're
Tony's answering smile was full of tenderness. "Swell, huh?" he asked. "All right, then." He looked at Steve, consideration in his eyes. "You want to help me with this?"
It's about time for Ghost to surrender. His plans have been foiled, after all.
Steve's heart was beating double-time. It wasn't unexpected that abuse would escalate, he told himself, trying to remain distant and professional, because he needed to keep it together and find Tony and get him out of here. This was a mission. He needed to think of it as a mission.
As the drug takes effect, as the pain starts to recede, Tony shuts his eyes and ends up telling Yinsen the whole story. His secret. If he's going to die, he wants someone to know. He imagines the shrapnel piercing his heart and somehow working its way to his lungs, wrapped up in the flowers that will kill him. He wants to laugh. All his life it's been the flowers. Now it's going to be his heart. It'll be a race to see which one kills him first.
Goddamn him.
Tony shifted his weight on Steve's thighs, sliding up so that he could bring their cocks together in his hand. Steve cried out again when they touched, and Tony heard himself groan as he looked down at the sight, obscene and beautiful, the two of them held together. Flesh slid against flesh as Tony jerked both of them off, pressed them tighter and tighter, pumped his hand faster around both of them.
"I know," Steve said, a little guiltily, before Tony even had to say it. "Believe me, I know. I do understand. They asked me about pain management. And I gave them permission. I know you don't want it. But you didn't see how bad it was." His mouth wobbled, and he looked like he was about to cry again. "It was that or-- or being
Iron Man shoves the door shut behind himself and then leans back on it for a second or two, before he pulls himself up to his full armored height, and that seems to take all the energy he's got. He's really not well, is he?
What was Steve supposed to tell him? He didn't know what the right answer was. He didn't know what Henry would have told him or what Carol would have told him. He didn't even know what
"Thank you," Steve said, and he headed toward the elevators.
Damn. Steve's fears must show on his face, somehow. He's never been a good liar.
He flings his shield in the air, hears it collide with the Black Knight, and doesn't bother looking up. He just holds out his hand to catch it on the rebound and kneels next to Iron Man as he slings the shield onto his back, his fingers reflexively intertwining with the unyielding metal of Iron Man's gauntlet.
Even in the dimness, Steve's face was a little flushed. "Geez, I'm not
Fabric tangled in front of his eyes, and for a few seconds he couldn't see anything; the bed creaked as Tony sat up next to him, getting enough clearance to pull the whole undershirt over Steve's head and off entirely.
It was a good move. At the very least, it got the fight out of the way of civilians.
. She'd sighed and changed the channel just as the woman had been starting to explain to her boyfriend how she'd caught him cheating on her.
"Tony--"
But then, hungry for more, the vultures had moved on to the rest of Tony's life -- and Iron Man's. Every decision Iron Man had made as an Avenger that was the slightest bit suspicious was being ripped apart. And, unfortunately for Tony, several of the worst ones were public information. Steve's stomach twisted as he watched the special reports dredging up Iron Man's worst days. The death of the Carnelian ambassador, which was more relevant to the current situation than any of them knew. And then there had been the drinking, after the ambassador had died. But at least that hadn't made the news. Steve thanked God that no one knew about the drinking that had happened then. Tony's alcoholism hadn't been public, back then.
"Nine," he says. His voice is hoarse.
"Well," Steve says. "I guess I've learned something new today, huh?"
"Maybe we're both winning," Steve offers.
Three entire seconds later, it occurred to him that that hadn't been the right response.
tonight," Steve said, with only a little asperity. "Obviously it's still on your mind. And that's fine. It was a lot. It's okay. I don't think that's really the same thing as not talking about your exes. But more importantly, nothing he said was true," he said, pleading. "You know that. I know you know that."
And that, unfortunately, was when the news coverage got
"Yeah." Tony nodded. "I talked to Mr. Stark this morning." If you didn't know better, you might have expected Tony to have a certain amount of cognitive dissonance about continually referring to himself in the third person. But he'd had a whole decade to get used to it, and it had stopped feeling weird a long time ago. This was who he was. He just happened to be two different people to most people he knew.
"I'd like to talk about it," Steve ventured, feeling more than a little guilty for pressing Tony about anything at all when he was this bad. "But only if you're okay with talking about it. I know you've had... a hell of a time lately."
Tony flopped his head to the side and looked over at his hand. It looked like it belonged to someone else. One finger twitched feebly when he tried to raise his arm.
The endearment sparked something hot and soft inside Tony, and he wanted to thank Steve, but he couldn't think of the right words. And then Steve's fingertips brushed against his cheek, and that was
"Flatterer," Steve says, and he kisses him, passion gone to banked embers, enough warmth to make it through the night.
When Steve starts to step away, Iron Man catches his hand.
He takes a deep breath. He thinks about walking away.
. His eyes are wide, his gaze fixed on Tony's face, and he's smiling. Steve knows exactly who he's with. Blissful, euphoric, Tony thinks no one has ever loved him as much as Steve does.
"Mmm." Tony's brow furrows, and his face darkens a little. "Would you believe me if I told you that generally hasn't been how my life goes?"
And Tony's bedside manner, Steve was now discovering, was one of the kindest he'd ever been privy to.
He wished that, just once, Tony would stop hating himself. But he knew that that was a nearly-impossible thing to ask for, right now. Or ever. "None of that makes you a disappointment. Or stupid," he added. "And maybe I couldn't ever have imagined this when I met you, but I mean that in a good way. You're amazing. I'm lucky to know you. And whatever you need, I'm happy to give. I'm sure you'd do the same for me. I don't keep scores in friendship."
Tony makes a little choked-off noise, somewhere in his throat. It's almost a laugh. "Happy fucking anniversary," he pronounces, finally. His voice is rough. He sighs, a weary exhalation, but he's smiling now, at last. "Let's not celebrate like this next year, huh?"
Startled, Tony blinked at him. "You're not mad?"
He hit Flag Smasher right in the chest, and the man -- LMD? whatever, Tony didn't care -- went down like a sack of potatoes.
He should have noticed it. He should have picked up the phone. Tony sounded like a wreck. What had happened? It couldn't be Avengers business; that would have gone on the card.
Steve swallows hard. "You-- you know a lot about Iron Man, right?"
"Oh, God," Steve said, and his cock jerked between his thighs and for about half a second Tony wondered if he could talk Steve into coming, just from that. But Steve took a few huge breaths and got himself under control. He'd remembered he wasn't coming until Tony said so.
Iron Man's certainly not the first person Steve's ever dated, but Steve can't recall feeling like this about Cynthia, or Betsy, or even Peggy. Oh, he'd felt deeply for all of them, of course, but it hadn't been anything like what he feels now. This is-- this is
But that's not what they're doing right now.
Tony tilted his head. "What do you mean?"
He could admit to himself that it was all about Tony. It was. It had always been. He would have been lying to himself to pretend otherwise.
There's a pause, then; the words seem to hang between them in the air, echoing, pounding through Steve's head. He was right, he was right, he was so right and it's all wrong. Iron Man was just humoring him. Iron Man didn't have a good time. It's like being sixteen and scrawny again and knowing that no one is ever really going to like him back--
Steve didn't know what part of the ruined Quinjet the curved metal piece had come from, and he suspected he didn't want to know, but Tony lashed it very efficiently to his leg, over his pants, which was a good move because they would have been hell to take off anyway, over a fracture.
. "No, you didn't. You
"I didn't wait," Tony said, as if he thought the problem was that Steve hadn't understood him.
So much for that. Steve's done all he can do here. He takes another step back.
Steve frowns. "Before you what?"
The other tidbits of information are smaller, but no less personal: Iron Man likes dogs. Iron Man is left-handed. Iron Man is afraid of the dark. Steve savors every scrap of information.
God, but Tony hated the dark.
Tony hadn't replied to Steve's text at all, he hadn't replied to Steve's email this morning about the brunch reservation, and he hadn't actually made it back to the mansion last night. But Steve wasn't concerned. Sometimes Tony got busy with work and forgot to come up for air. That was just how he was. And besides, it wasn't like Steve didn't know exactly where Tony was. He'd pinged Tony's identicard. Last night, Tony had gone back to Stark Tower, up to his suite, and he'd been up there all night. He was still up there.
Wow. Cloud nine. See, there, that was great, wasn't it? Tony had hardly ever been that happy since Steve had known him. Probably not before he'd known him, either. He couldn't just resent Tony because it wasn't him Tony had found happiness with.
. He tied the condom off, lobbed it at the trash can, and then set to cleaning Steve up. With his tongue.
Tony spared a precious few seconds to take in the rest of the floor and update the tactical situation. It wasn't looking good; in fact, it was looking significantly worse. Other than trapping themselves in one of the side rooms ordinarily used for pictures with Santa -- which was a bad option for several reasons mostly summed up by the use of the verb
Steve smiles that smile again, focused, determined. "And what if I want everything you're wearing to be on the floor, hmm?"
Even if Steve can't see him, of course, he probably still has a chance, because all his senses are peak human. But he hopes it doesn't actually need to come to that.
"You're not. You're really not, I promise. Everything's okay." Iron Man's voice is low and coaxing, sympathetic, and he fits his hand over Steve's. "Hey. Look at me?"
Tony was in all the pictures. From the beginning. Sometimes as Tony, sometimes as Iron Man, but he'd always, always been there. Iron Man's metal-clad arm was thrown over Steve's shoulders, in the earliest team pictures, while Steve grinned at the camera. Someone had taken a picture of him curled up in the chair in the corner of Tony's workshop, somehow asleep while in the foreground, out of focus, Tony was welding without waking him up; it looked like Tony had settled a blanket over him, too. After he'd learned who Iron Man was, there were pictures of Tony with the helmet off. Even after Tony had moved to California, somehow he'd still been in in all Steve's pictures. There was a picture at a dizzying angle, three floors down through a hole punched to the mansion's basement, after the Masters of Evil had wrecked the mansion; he and Tony were huddled together in a shaft of light on the basement floor, their heads bent over a blueprint. There were pictures of him staring at Tony, enthralled, during team briefings, his chin in his hands. There was a picture of the two of them at a party -- maybe one of Ben's poker games -- and Tony was half-asleep with his head tipped companionably against Steve's shoulder. There was a picture of Tony standing next to him, in full armor, when they'd announced the team after coming back from Onslaught.
Tony gave him an odd look. "Don't I always?" he murmured. And then he sighed again. "Oh, geez. I really should go, Cap, I'm sorry. Now I have to go talk to a lawyer before they haul me in for questioning. How is this always my life, huh?" He grinned, but even the grin looked weary, and for some reason he was rubbing his chest. "I'll get to that dictation program as soon as I can, all right? Don't fret. I haven't forgotten about you."
"I can tell you I have all the info you're going to have until we have a more concrete idea of what Loki's plans are," Coulson agreed amiably enough. "If you'd like to get settled first, Mr. Rogers can show you to one of the empty suites. Then you can meet me downstairs in the conference room."
Fitz grinned, and he and Jemma shared a small high five before the blond sobered slightly. “How’s he handling it all? And Captain Rogers?”
"Once you get used to it, it's all pretty boring." She didn't miss the tension ratcheting up in the room, but she didn't acknowledge it either. It would go away or it wouldn't. Talking about it wouldn't necessarily help. The past couldn't be changed, just survived. "There's lies and people getting shot and people switching sides." She waved a hand and shrugged. "Nothing worth losing sleep over. Not anymore."
"There. Maybe Bobby and Hank and some o' the others could keep watch here if they're not all about headin' off the planet."
If the commentary hadn't been on such a grim subject, Logan would've been hard put not to have a laugh at just how ridiculous Thor sounded. As it was, the feral mutant focused on his food. There were a lot of touchy subjects flying around the table, and he found himself wishing Scott was there to help mitigate some of his utter inability to deal with people's feelings.
Steve's brow furrowed for a moment. "He's a good guy, but it's creepy how much he knows sometimes."
"Finders keepers." Clint met Loki's gaze, jaw clenched, much like his gut. He still remembered the last time he'd confronted the god. "The only thing I owe you is a slow, painful death," the archer growled. Subconsciously, he placed himself between Coulson and Loki as he drew down on the god. "You've fucked with me, my friends, my allies... If you think you're getting off this planet intact, you've got another thought coming." He smirked. "And, if I don't do the trick, don't forget... we have a Hulk."
The doctor hesitated and then added, "You should be aware that... his appearance might be a bit startling at first."
"The X-Jet." Bruce shrugged when Clint looked at him questioningly. "You didn't read the file? Do you ever read the file?"
Scott gladly chugged half the beer in a go. He regretted it slightly a moment later but that didn't stop him from taking another swig. Day drinking was fine. Day being shit-faced drunk sounded a lot better with his current frame of mind. "Got a point there. I need to met new assholes." Scott's brow furrowed as he thought that over. "Nope, doesn't sound right. Gonna have to drink until it does." He clinked his bottle against Logan's and breezed right past the observation. The more Scott drank and the faster did it, the less he worried about how it all sounded. "I'm gonna regret asking this, but how many milliseconds were you here before you started hitting on the cute redhead... what's her face... uh... Widow?"
Logan snorted, smirking faintly as he shrugged. "Jury's still out. But then, this place ain't exactly put together o' well-adjusted types like the X-Men were," he said wryly. "I mean, we got the bondage twins, a guy who makes me look even-tempered, some spook with an eyepatch... Well, to sum it all up, I'll just say: Tony Stark. And you get an idea o' how cohesive this bunch is." Then there was Steve, who was more or less a slightly taller, American pie-er, possibly a hair more uptight version of Scott, but Logan didn't bother mentioning the good Captain. Mostly because Logan was slightly afraid he'd slip somehow and let the cat out of the bag about the little romp he'd had with Stark and the tall blond. "And, t' be perfectly fair, I ain't done any world-savin' just yet."
Getting stared down had served to calm Tony's anger. Steve might have been hard pressed to claim five feet tall, but he was still every bit Captain America. It was never more clear to Tony than in that moment why Doc Erskine had chosen Steve. "Fine," he sighed, finally looking up. "Fine, we can do that." He glanced at Natasha. "And you can call your boy toy off."
Steve wondered briefly if it was too much or not nearly enough and blushed at the thought. He reminded himself that he had sworn off lusting after coworkers, but that was easier said than done when Tony was drinking and flirting rather shamelessly. He tried to focus on his Coke for a minute and only succeeded in catching the bartender's eye. The man smiled warmly and offered, "You sure you don't want something harder, sweetie? Something tells me there's plenty of guys who wouldn't mind you getting a little tipsy."
"I'm fine!" Logan's eyes flashed with anger - and something else - and he grabbed Scott's wrist, straightening to his full height and glaring into the man's blue eyes. His senses caught up to him a second later, and he let go of his lover with a shaky sigh. "I'm fine, Scott. Just... this whole thing is wearin' a little thin. They barely trusted me when I got here, and now they think I'm gonna try 'n' blow 'em up like Barton did. Might as well give 'em a reason to look at me like I'm a time bomb," he decided, unwilling to budge.
"Tony." The syllables were controlled, quiet, and sharp all at once. It was rare that the man's name was all it took to shut him up, but Bruce had a way of making himself heard. Patient, dark eyes drifted up to Tony's face. "You said you wouldn't until this was done. Even though you already have my answer, I at least expect you to leave me alone until we're done with the whole Loki thing."
Tony glanced up in surprise, commenting, "I didn't know you could cook." He took a grateful sip of water, swallowing and finding his dry throat easing off. "Aren't you just full of surprises? Nurse, babysitter and cook? Next thing I know you'll be giving me a sponge bath." He couldn't help teasing Steve, especially when the other man was behaving like the epitome of a boy scout. Tony wasn't used to being fussed over unless Pepper was present. He took care of himself, and it was an odd feeling allowing someone else to take on that role.
Natasha looked up from her phone long enough to strap in. "Bruce is waiting for us. He should be able to help get everything straightened out." She politely didn't mention the fact that he would do in a pinch with Tony unable to fill his usual role as the smartest man in the room.
"We're not dating. Me and Coulson," Clint reassured the server before he continued down the line with Nat, picking food as he went. "This is how rumors get started." When everything was too classified to discuss openly, personal lives became the number one topic around the water cooler whether the facts being spread were real or not. "Seriously, RUMINT nightmare in the making. And of course I’d choke out anyone with something bad to say about Steve. I'd probably leave them alive, though."
Tony smiled as he opened a can of organic tomato bisque and put it on the stove to heat. "You say that like you're the only one who was writing 'Steve and Tony' over and over in the margins their research notes," he replied as he squashed the grilled cheese into the pan. He looked over his shoulder at Steve. "You think they'd notice if I snuck you in with me tomorrow?"
"I'll do my best," was the best Bruce could offer. It was said in a way that made it clear he was going to stay up a week straight if he had to.
"Good." Fury looked back to Coulson. "You were about to say, Agent?"
"Your uniform is your business," Steve answered. "We've all got our own style. As Tony mentioned, he prefers to be the center of attention. Actually, I think Natasha and Clint are the only ones who wear leather," he mused, thinking it over for a moment before finishing off his coffee. "If you're good to go in a t-shirt and jeans, that's fine. For most of us it's about protection and comfort. You've got a little less need for that first one." From what he'd seen in the clips that Tony showed him, Logan could take a beating that would leave most men dead or at the very least unconscious and wind up barely injured and more pissed off than he started out. "If you don't have any extra stops to make, we can get going after breakfast. I'm sure Director Fury would like the chance to talk with you." That was if the man didn't opt out and send Coulson in to brief their newest member. He'd done it often enough lately that Steve was starting to wonder if it was some kind of payback for how much complaining the agent had done about Fury ruining his trading cards.
Once he felt vaguely in control, Steve showered and dressed. He felt hollowed out, and from the look on Pepper's face when he emerged from the bedroom, he looked just as bad. "Thank you for staying."
Phil blinked. The comment was as out of left field as he expected from Clint. "You're not wrong," Phil answered. "If he wasn't so busy trying to dominate the human race, he could try the theater." Phil wondered if Thor really saw something worth saving in Loki or if he just wanted to. "I try to remind myself that being that crazy starts somewhere. It's hard to think of him as the victim, though."
