Sherlock chuckled in return, shaking his mussed hair from his eyes before returning to the first aid kit. He handed John a set of antimicrobials and some bandages, scowling when the other man put those aside in favor of the bottle of astringent and a glove.
"Shut up, Lestrade," Sherlock growled, reaching out to twist the handle and push the door open on creaking hinges. On the other side was a poorly lit hallway with three doors. A light at the end of the hall flickered. Lestrade's voice crackled on the other line, then disappeared as Sherlock descended into the depths of the building.
"Man, adult man." Sherlock corrected her, relief flooding his mind and making the room foggy. Not infected, immune, right, that was, good, very good. Wasn't it? What the hell was wrong with his brain, oh god, could a virus make you stupid? Either way, none of the symptoms she had listed had sounded at all pleasant, so yes, good.
John dragged in a harsh breath, and Sherlock felt the omega’s lungs tense up with suppressed emotions, was he thinking the same thing?
"Stop that, would you?" Sherlock shrugged away from the comforting gesture, baring his fangs. "Besides, I'm not certain this would be the best case for him to be on." Bloody betas. Meddling...pesky...betas.
Below he watched Eddington’s men direct their captives into an awaiting van. Which was...at odds with what he knew up to this felt. His brow furrowed in confusion as he looked between the dock and the van. Up to this point he and Mycroft had assumed that the captives where being transferred from the London area, evacuated out as Eddington closed up shop and moved to a different city. Presumably one with lower standards for human treatment and health practices. This was different, why were they bringing
"How long have you been here?" Sherlock asked, pressing his fingers to Sebastian's pulse. He seemed close to passing out from fear.
Mycroft was talking in his ear, voice concerned and more than a little angry that John hadn’t been updating to him on what was going on. “Calm down Mycroft!” John rasped into the phone, breathless and aching at this point. Touching the back of his neck he winced at the feel of liquid escaping down the back of it. A glance at his hand showed blood tinging his fingertips vermilion. Looking away he examined where he was., there was a petrol station and behind it, a secluded alleyway. Stumbling into the darkened alley he leaned heavily against the wall, chest heaving with every gasp of breath. He eyed the entrance at the head of the alley worriedly, anticipating someone would come around the corner any moment
It takes another little bit for his knot to come down enough to disengage. Dragging a hand down the to press on the warm muscles of John's belly, he gently released them from each other. Both of them are oversensitive and hiss in at the aching pleasure of disconnection.
This was beyond Lestrade's usual investigative scope, but, given the sheer numbers of law enforcement needed for the operation, and some minor strings pulled by Sherlock's smarmy brother, the detective inspector had been given the keys to the show, as it were.
Oh, he was going into shock. He could feel it.
"Your... Jesus...I think you might be right." Lestrade whispered, his voice a little more alert.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Take me to-” He listened to John’s rapid inhale of breath as he realized what was happening, “Oh…bloody hell, it’s you,” He listened with dimming hope to the sound of the car locks activating even as John went silent, only the sound of the vehicle’s engine breaking the silence.
"John Watson, you have quite the mouth on you like this." Sherlock grinned, biting the band to John's briefs, one hand supporting the arch of John's back, the other sliding against the rigid swell of his cock, seeking the outline of its shape, thick and hard to the touch beneath the fabric of his jeans.
“Very well, let us continue.” Mycroft nodded, he recalled John stating that he’d left behind two men. He took care to step over splayed limbs and away from bloody matter on his way up the steep staircase.
“He has been transferred to the new sight. We will be closing up shop here soon as well.”  The man’s words would indicate he was in some form of power, despite the fact his men are hiding August's escape from him. This was either a peon of Eddington’s or possibly even Eddington himself. By scent alone he matched their intel. He is a beta, his scent dull tones of mildew and rotting damp things, an unfortunate combination.
At the same time, he used his momentum, digging his trainer into the green wooden door and using the force of it to propel himself forward before the omega had a chance to react. The dark-haired omega was still holding up his gun like a damn rookie, and John was fast enough that the other man did not have a chance of reacting before John was on him. The rubber of his shoes squeaked when he brought his shoulder up under the man’s armpit. Using the idiot's out-held arm as leverage, John wrapped the would-be attacker's forearm in both his hands. All he needed was a rocking jerk of his hips and, using his shorter height to his advantage, he flipped the omega’s larger body over his shoulder with a sharp motion. He ignored the other man's cry of surprise, painfully aware of the gun held at the other end of those hands.
"Indeed," Sherlock admitted, considering his options. The gun was a sweaty, unfamiliar weight in his palm. He wasn't like John. He didn't even know how to turn off the safety, his finger seeking and not finding the familiar button where it would be if it had been John's gun.
"So what brought all this on Mister Holmes?" John called from the other room, voice drowsy and thoughtful.
motivation, if not
This was something he could get used to. Sherlock grinned, wide and carefree, his heart pounded with aching love for the man before him.
Thinking back further, to that bedroom, with its comfortable bedding and the compact of half unused tablet—one tab for every month. The last tablet was used two months before.
He wasn't wearing any socks. Why wasn't he wearing socks?
- Take note as well of the difference again between omega and beta scents. I know I mentioned this last time, but there it is again!
A couple of short, blond hairs clung to the pillowcase. Sherlock picked one up and examined it with a critical eye. Pale blond, almost white. He couldn't recall seeing anyone with similar colored hair, neither among the captive nor captors.
"Lestrade?" Sherlock heaved a sigh of relief when the other end of the line picked up, Lestrade's gruff voice offering him a greeting.
"Hello?" Sherlock's baritone reverberated against the empty walls as he stepped inside the cramped room. Goosebumps rose on the skin of his forearms when a light breeze dusted his skin. A glance upwards showed damaged and cracked ceiling tiles, which created the shivering draft. From the small man's form came the keening sound of an omega in fear. The sound tugged at his alpha instincts. It was only past experience that stopped him from rushing to the unknown omega's side.
“I see you." Mycroft murmured, watching as John took swaying steps towards a black vehicle. "That's it, your doing very well John darling.” Mycroft hardly noticed when the endearment slipped past his lips, not that he could be certain if John heard him. If he had, John did not acknowledge the words.
Blue like John's eyes. Blue like the desperate light in the eyes of a young omega broken and abandoned in a derelict building. Blue like the flash of an ambulance's light across pale, distraught features.
John smiled and put out his hand. “All right, mate? I’m John.”
. What did you think would happen?"
“Yes,” John answered tremulously.
." He brought his other hand up and trailed his fingers down Sherlock's neck. Sherlock gasped, tilting his head to give John better access. John kissed Sherlock's neck.
John cleaned up in the bathroom and went back to Sherlock with a washcloth. "Scoot over," he said as he moved Sherlock to a cleaner part of the bed and handed him the washcloth. When Sherlock was done, John took the cloth back to the bathroom and returned to bed.
Sherlock squeezed tighter. "Let me see, John.
After a few minutes, John found the strength to stand up and help Sherlock lie back into bed. He couldn't resist crawling in with him. He settled in against Sherlock's shoulder. "You are incredible, my darling." He stroked Sherlock's chest. "Remember how you told me last night I had no idea how much trouble I was in?"
John smiled at him. "Yes." He looked pointedly down at his own left hand. Sherlock's gaze followed his. Tap, tap, tap. Sherlock looked back up into John's eyes, a relieved smile breaking over his face. John looked down at Sherlock's hand and saw Sherlock return his signal.
At this point in the conversation, Holmes appeared next to me and interjected, "He's too modest. I was, and I remain, in awe of what he did for his patients. Not a single one died alone. He fought like hell for their lives, but on the occasions when he couldn't save them, which were unfortunately many in those days, he made sure they were cared for. He stayed with them at all hours, night after night. He held their hands when their families had abandoned them. And he buried them with dignity."
John smiles incandescently.
Will the two of you
Joe answered, "We pulled him out of the water. He was hanging on to a tree near 48th and Rockhill. We had a devil of a time getting him here. He fought like a wildcat. Kept saying he had to find John." Joe broke into a grin. "Sure would have been a hell of a lot easier bringing him in if we'd known he meant you, Doctor Watson."
John's heart thumped in his chest. He felt light-headed. "W-what?"
"The office was meant to be the second bedroom. If you're worried about what people will think if you live here with me, we can make it your bedroom."
(See the end of the chapter for
real? He watched in petrified fascination as one of the demon’s large, elegant hands rose between them.
When they were ready to leave, John turned to Sherlock. "I should be able to get everything we need. The innkeeper said most of the merchants speak a little English. Hopefully we'll be able to avoid you having to talk to anyone." He kissed Sherlock gently before opening the door.
All at once, Sherlock took the arm he’d been using to touch himself and threw it across John’s hips. He was doing something new with his tongue, and oh,
"Never broke... the habit of... wearing them," John explained between his gasps for breath.
Sherlock grabbed at John's shoulders. "No, let me, let me," he said. "Come up here where I can reach you."
“Arrogant bastard.”
." Sherlock's eyes were closed. His head was tipped back on the pillow. "
It just so happened that, on that day, his walk led him to Tivol.
He looked across the room at the books. He was too far away to see most of the titles, but a few were visible. They were just as varied as the records. John could see music textbooks, art history textbooks, Shakespeare, and Homer alongside titles like "The Exorcist" and "The Naked Ape." He squinted at a collection of science textbooks. Was that... apiology?
"What's it called? Does it have a title yet?"
. Can you be quiet for me?"
"Which is why I was counting on you to help me up!"
Sherlock's eyes flew back open.
John broke away from Sherlock's mouth to drag a line of kisses across his jaw and down the length of his neck. He growled and rolled his hips against Sherlock's. Sherlock dropped his head back and moaned. "Ohhhh...
Sherlock's heart raced as John's lips met his. For a moment they were both still. Then John shifted, opening his mouth slightly to take Sherlock's lower lip in and push his tongue across it. Sherlock's mouth opened in response and an embarrassingly loud noise escaped him. Startled by the intensity of his own reaction, Sherlock let go of John's jumper and fell against the back of his chair.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "Of course." He smiled affectionately. "Good night, John."
John worked him harder. Sherlock's whole body tensed up as he spent himself. He then sagged against the chair, still running his fingers through John's hair.
Sherlock gave him a relieved smile. "Yes, John." He kissed John's mouth. "Yes." He stood up unsteadily and held out his hand. John took it and let Sherlock pull him to his feet. John kept hold of Sherlock's hand and led him to the bedroom. He threw the bedspread and sheet back. Sherlock sat down on John's bed.
. I've never felt like this before. I..." Sherlock paused and closed his eyes for a moment, searching for the courage to say it. He took a deep breath and looked into John's eyes again. "I think I... love you. And I don't know what to do." There it was. The truth. Sherlock leaned down, put his forehead against John's, and closed his eyes.
Sherlock's head snapped back up. "
"Go back to sleep, my love. I'm going up to the house. I want to catch Mike before he stumbles on us out here when he comes to do his chores."
“So you just show up in my bedroom and expect me to let you fuck me?”
"I'll be there in five minutes."
She took his hand in both of hers. "It's good to finally meet you, too, dear." She patted the top of his hand before letting go. "Don't you worry, now, he'll come around."
John:
As the tension left John's body, he slumped back against Sherlock, still panting. He released Sherlock's hair. Sherlock was breathing heavily, his body quivering behind John's.
Sherlock blushes more deeply. He is speechless. John takes hold of his arm and they exit together.
I know. I'm so sorry. I'm posting the next chapter (chapter 10) immediately as a peace offering!
" He buried his face against John's shoulder.
When he lifted his head and shook his hair back from his face, his expression was inscrutable. He stood and approached John, releasing his wrists with a touch of his hand.
John startled and looked around nervously to see if anyone else had heard that. Sherlock thanked Angelo and walked back across the store. Angelo winked at John and disappeared into the back. After taking a shaky breath, John followed Sherlock.
John blushed. He looked down and kept washing. When he was finished, he put on clean underclothes and a fresh shirt. He blew out the candle and started getting into his own bed.
. That's why."
"Thank you." John's eyes dropped down to Sherlock's mouth before returning to his eyes. "Come sit down."
Sherlock laughed. "Nothing that can be repeated in respectable company."
John smiled. "Thank you, Mrs. Hudson."
6:05pm
John was just registering the subtle filigree-like scarlet markings on the spade-shaped tip when the demon swiped it away again.
Sherlock growled again and grabbed the balusters roughly. John swung his leg over to straddle Sherlock's upper thighs. He put his right hand on the mattress next to Sherlock's ribs and leaned forward. He raised his left hand to his mouth and licked at it.
Sherlock finally let John pull his hands down. He searched John's eyes. He saw only warmth. And
"We need to keep moving," the bigger man said. "I'll need to take a look inside the house. And we'll take the rabbit."
“Make a return visit?”
The three men sat down for dinner. Mike and John reminisced about some of the mischief they'd gotten into when they were young. Mike seemed to be deliberately bringing up stories that John found a bit embarrassing, grinning conspiratorially at Sherlock when John objected. Several times, Sherlock had to remind himself to eat because he was so enraptured by John.
John smiled at him. "I thought you might be more comfortable if you had a chance to clean up a bit." He handed the dressing gown to Sherlock and went to the cupboard. He took out a clean flannel and set it on the sink. "I'll be in the hall." He left the bathroom, closing the door behind him.
"John?" Sherlock asked quietly. "Will you... talk to me?"
Sherlock's expression changed. "Nothing's wrong. Your shift is over at six, is it not?"
John could feel Sherlock shivering. He pulled back slightly. "Come on," he said quietly. "Let's get you taken care of." He led Sherlock down the hall, one arm around his waist. John's co-workers gaped at them as they passed. He got Sherlock into an exam room. "Wait here a second," he said gently. He quickly retrieved a towel, two patient gowns, and a blanket, ignoring his stunned co-workers.
Holmes broke off for a moment to compose himself before continuing, "He paid dearly for being with me. People tend to forget, now that he's accomplished so much, but when he lost his job because of me he had to rebuild his career from the ground up. And most of his family disowned him. His own mother didn't speak to him for the rest of her life."
John knew Sherlock was giving him the chance to back off, but he was determined to see this through. He sucked harder, swirling his tongue over the head. Sherlock's body went rigid. He moaned brokenly into his hand. John pulled back slightly and swallowed as Sherlock came into his mouth.
John grabbed him again. He locked eyes with Sherlock, absolutely furious with him. "
When Sherlock had finished and sagged limply against the wall, John sat back. He was desperately aroused and trembling. Then Sherlock was pulling him up, back onto his feet. Sherlock pushed John backward until he dropped down onto the couch.
"It's all right." John reluctantly pulled out of the hug and wiped the tears off his face. "Let's find a spot to wait for morning."
"John and I have been working out how to get you two safely out of the country," Mike said. "I'm going to visit my sister in the village this afternoon. Her husband is about your height. I'll get some of his spare clothes for you."
Saturday, August 20th, 1977
." He brought Sherlock's gaze up from his lap to meet John's eyes. "It's you, Sherlock," he said. "It's always been you."
John rose up onto his toes and kissed Sherlock. "Thank you."
Mycroft turns to Sherlock, gesturing at John with his head:
Sherlock held his ground. “Oh?” He looked amused. “What’s that, then?”
John reached up and brushed his fingers through Sherlock's hair. "I'm glad you forgot it. I liked having something of yours with me."
John opened the envelope holding his ticket. Row H. Nearly in the center.
"Oh, my darling," John sighed against Sherlock's chest. Sherlock's arms tightened around John. He tilted his head down so his cheek rested against John's hair.
about John Watson.
Sherlock giggled weakly. "That may be for the best." He looked down at their bodies. "John."
"John? What's wrong?"
John pushed backward, moving down the bed. He released Sherlock's hair and ran his hands over Sherlock's chest and belly. He trailed his tongue down Sherlock's body. Lower, lower. Sherlock was already panting when John took his cock into his mouth. Sherlock cried out, his hands moving into John's hair.
Sherlock looked at him sternly. "I'm going to help you. Let me up."
A wicked light sparked in Sherlock’s eyes. “Not yet, you’re not.” He surged forward, capturing John in a searing kiss.
John put his hands on Sherlock's shoulders. He dragged all ten fingertips down Sherlock's back, leaving a trail of gooseflesh in their wake.
"You want to help, do you?"
John tilted his head toward Sherlock. "Good night, Sherlock," he said. He wasn't actually looking at Sherlock. He tucked his head back down, almost under the cloak.
John's brow furrowed. "I'm right here, darling."
The sharp sound of his own scream jolted John awake. Sherlock's name echoed against the walls of John's bedroom. John bolted upright, grabbing at his left shoulder. His legs were tangled in the twisted sheets. He wrenched himself free and stood panting and shaking next to his bed. He quickly pulled a pair of jogging shorts on over his briefs. He didn't bother with shoes.
Sherlock protested. "I should help you!"
That’s all for now, lovely readers. I appreciate each and every one of you. Positive and/or constructive comments are always welcome. ❤️
At last, the ship was docked. Sherlock and John disembarked on wobbly legs. The sun was low in the sky. Their plan was to spend the night in an inn and buy a horse and a small wagon in the morning.
"Yes. Or they ask me to 'play a tune' for them." He cringed.
"Yes," John said, his expression brightening a little. "A gesture or code word that I can use to tell you I love you. And that you can use to tell me."
"Good." He let go of Sherlock's shirt. He didn't drive away until Sherlock had disappeared into the building.
Sherlock snatched the dog tags out of John's hand, glaring at him fiercely. He clutched them to his chest possessively.
, that was it.
John was moaning against Sherlock's mouth and clutching desperately at his upper arms. Sherlock bent his knees to line his hips up with John's and shoved his body forward, grinding against John.
"An airline ticket. Will you come with me?"
The horses and Mike's cow stirred at the intrusion. John found a safe spot in Mike's hay for Sherlock to lie down. He gave him some water and propped his leg up. It was dreadfully swollen again. He bent down and gently held Sherlock, stroking his hair and kissing the top of his head. "You did it, my love. It'll be better now."
Sherlock's whole body convulsed. He cried out wordlessly as he came. His cries devolved into whimpers as he finished. The tension began to leave his body, and he curled limply against John.
Sherlock tipped his head back, letting it thud against the wall. He was laughing again. "We'll miss dinner, John," he teased.
John's heart was pounding in his chest. He let out the breath he didn't know he'd been holding and gave Sherlock a huge grin.
." Sherlock's left arm tightened on John's chest. He rolled his hips again. John whimpered and pushed his hips forward, instinctively trying to get some friction from Sherlock's hand.
"What in
"Sherlock... I wish I could, but I'm dead on my feet."
A little smile crossed Sherlock's face. He lifted his hand to his own mouth and licked it. John's mouth dropped open as he watched. When Sherlock took hold of him with his wet hand, intense pleasure coursed through John's entire body. John groaned and let his head fall back. Sherlock immediately dove forward to drag his tongue from John's collarbone to his jawline. At the same time, he began to stroke John steadily.
they heard."
" Sherlock cried.
"And they just happened to fit you perfectly? Stop it, Prince Sherlock. I know it's you." John crossed his arms and stared sternly at the prince.
The demon raised his eyes, looking at John through his lashes.
"John, I was so afraid something would happen to you because of me, I couldn't bear it." Sherlock was trembling against John.
." John wrapped his arms around him. "Don't get trapped in some preconceived notion about what I want or expect from you. All I want is you."
John pressed forward, pinning Sherlock's hips to the door with his own. Sherlock gasped loudly as he felt John's hard cock rub against his. "Oh! Oh, God,
Sherlock's eyes widened. "
Sherlock still had one hand on John's arse and the other on his cock. He pressed an open-mouthed kiss to the side of the head. John let out a choked, sobbing sound. Sherlock took the whole head into his mouth, stroking it with his tongue. John was moaning helplessly. He was shaking with the effort of holding himself up. Sherlock used his grip on John's arse to guide John's cock in and out of his mouth. John was crying out incoherently. Sherlock felt him get even harder. John tried to pull back, obviously at the edge of orgasm. Sherlock refused to let go, pulling John deeper into his mouth. John's body arched as he came. Sherlock swallowed, still not letting go.
"I... I'm not... staring into anything, Sarah."
Sherlock jerked his arm out of John's grasp. "Not until she gives you the gold back!"
Sherlock looked at John. He knew John could see the concern in his eyes. "I've known Molly and Gregory my whole life, Sherlock. We can trust them." John nodded encouragingly.
Sherlock's POV
Sherlock laughed. Before John could respond, a voice called out behind him. "Sherlock!"
John put his hand on Sherlock's cheek. "
Watson and Holmes are both well known in the area, albeit in somewhat different circles. Holmes, 70, served as concertmaster of the Kansas City Symphony for 32 years in addition to his 10-year tenure with the Kansas City Philharmonic, the Symphony's predecessor.
John had gone too bewildered and panicked to move. It
Part 3:
The demon smiled slowly, deliberately revealing a set of inhumanly fearsome teeth.
When Sherlock woke again, the sun was high and John was gone. Sherlock sat up slowly and looked around. John was pulling food out of his pack for them. When he saw Sherlock looking at him, he grinned and came over to him.
Sherlock had one hand on the back of John's head and was stroking his uninjured shoulder with the other. He began to tremble as he listened to John's litany of praise against his neck. "
Sherlock blushed. "I didn't mean to say it out loud."
Hailing a taxi was easier than he thought. He watched it pull up in dazed relief. “73823,” He muttered absently, the taxi number was a bright white on the black car, catching his drug hazed mind. He fell into the interior, the sound of the door dinging aggressively in his ears. He barely made it into the seat. In the process his phone slipped from his fingers, dropping to the floorboards of the vehicle and sliding underneath the driver-side seat. He barely noticed the loss, his mind was a has of drugs, his twisting vision making it even more difficult to think.
"Alright, easy." Sherlock's breath caught as he used his already slick dampened fingers to drag down his own cock, coating it with John's fluids before he lined his aching sex up with John's entrance and pressed past the first rim of muscle. The omega beneath him rocked, heels digging into Sherlock's hip bones and urging him forward. Sherlock was never one to deny John and certainly wasn't looking to do so now.
Above John’s head, Sherlock’s phone began to chime in earnest, and Sherlock groaned, breaking the kiss with a sigh of regret.
coming to an end. He might normally mourn the loss of a good case, but in this, he was grateful for it to be over. Overhead, lightning zinged across the sky, thunder crashed in time with the adrenaline high beat of his heart. The rain picked up, sleeting out of the sky in heavy droughts. Heralding the arrival of their prey.
“Very well, Mycroft, I will be there in thirty minutes.” Sherlock’s voice does not sound all that eager, even though there is a new development in his case, and John smiles at that. He likes that he stands a chance against a good mystery.
-John's left behind a whole lot of evidence in that alleyway
I have an adorable little one shot for Good Omen's that I put up a few days ago, check it out (no zombies, yes mpreg, and childbirth)
"Sebastian Fletcher?" Sherlock blinked, shocked at his luck. Sebastian was one of the first omegas the police had evidence of being taken. That had been five years ago. He'd assumed the boy would have been sold off by now. Moving further into the room, he came up close enough to make out the finer details of the person before him. It was the hair that caught his attention first.
One hand gripped the blond's leg to open the omega up wide for every thrust of his cock into the smaller male. John took it eagerly, cursing through his orgasm with energetic creativity. The clenching of John's inner muscles around him as the omega came was more than enough to send Sherlock over the edge. He could feel the tight, sharp clench of his knot building, making it harder for him to thrust. Until his hips were forced into short, shallow pumps, the swell of his knot tightening in his gut. It only took a few more thrusts, and pleasure flared bright and hot behind his eyes, making his body tense and stilling most of its fevered movements. Grabbing John's hips, he ground down into the omega's channel, a soft sound of surprise leaving John's lips as Sherlock thrust into him, forcing his knot around that thin rim of muscle and inside of John's inner walls with a shout of relief. Sherlock had the presence of mind to open his eyes in time to observe John taking his knot as he spilled his seed deep inside. Ecstasy had him seeing stars, his knot stretching, straining.
, this was John, John crying in need. It did not help that he had never actually heard John make such a sound before. That John was resilient, and self-reliant, and would more than likely call him a twit for even trying to step in as an alpha would. His damned mind wad playing tricks on him, replacing the young man with someone much old and so much more dear.
In his ear Mycroft was talking to his someone, he didn’t have the focus to gather about what. Thankfully he was not hanging up, as if he were just as uncomfortable with the idea of leaving John to his own devices as John was. He evaded further detection for a couple more streets, twisting and turning at random in an attempt to keep away from the more prominent cameras. There was no guarantee that he wasn’t spotted already, but he tried his best, taking back alleys he was familiar with thanks to his work with Sherlock.
"Of course I am."
- We finally know the name of our bad guy
Sherlock let those words reiterate as a mantra in the forefront of his mind as he took his feet towards the Underground subway. It helped. It reminded him exactly why he hadn't confessed up to this moment, reminded him that only an imbecile would throw away years of a solid platonic relationship for a twenty-three percent chance of something more.
He was distracted again, his mind trailing off into melancholy.
His briefs underneath were black and clung to his thighs like a second skin, leaving very little to the imagination. Sherlock settled back on his heels, drinking in the sight of him. "Take off that top of yours." He purred, his voice deep with need.
He didn’t know how long he sat there, rocking in place with the slowly cooling remains of his lover. Was hardly aware, of the baking sun overhead, or the sticky drying of blood clotting on his skin. His tears spilled for hours, until they dried out from dehydration, leaving him aching and feverish.
Sherlock sputtered, feeling very indignant indeed. Who in the bloody hell did Lestrade think he was talking to?
“See, you are a romantic.” John pointed out, lifting the bottle for another swig, hiding again. Sherlock rolled his eyes, he’d never heard anyone complain about a bit of romance before. “And from my angle, also far too dressed.”   The blond added with a wink, his bicep flexing as he held out the brandy for Sherlock to take.
John reached out a hand, waved it in an effort to gain Sherlock's attention, his blunt fingertips flickering through the air. It attracted Sherlock like a moth to the metaphorical flame. That small, simple gesture, combined with the worry in John's voice, broke whatever resolve Sherlock had bolstered himself with on the ride home.
John cringed as he felt his leg twist uncomfortably, the knee giving off a jolt of pain he hadn’t even been aware of until that moment. Sucking in a calming breath, he tried to reign in his temper. If he was honest with himself, he had been painfully on edge recently, especially without Sherlock anchoring him down. Everything bothered him, from sounds to smells. He felt like an oversensitive bottle of nerves, jarring at every tap of a finger on his metaphorical glass. He had every right to be that way though, the man he had only just started dating, after years of unrequited desire, had been kidnapped! Of course, he would panic.
The thought rolled around and around in his head, a hot marble of molten metal that seared everything it touched. If John had been the one strapped down onto a gurney, keening that horrible omega cry, begging to be let go. What would he have done then? He supposed this might be what John talked about when he asked Sherlock to, '
"Ta, that's a good man. Now then- wait, what is that on his hand?"
“Why do you have them then?” John questioned, reaching for the sleeve and slipping another biscuit free. He ate this one with a little more gusto, now that the other two had gone down comfortably. Mycroft scowled and pulled the biscuits away, gesturing at the fruit slices.
"Donovan?" Lestrade requested over the line. Sherlock listened, though he was more interested in what was going on in his headpiece."I want you to stay with Sherlock. Keep him out of the building until it's clear."
Sherlock panted through that aching spasm of muscles, moaning along with John as they road through the pleasured spasms of John's channel. This time, it was gentler, no seed spilling from the omega's now flaccid erection, just biology attempting to ensure procreation as omega muscles clamped down around alpha knot.
Sherlock was up and moving before the other man could react. The pen found it's way into the soft flesh at the base of Brody's chin with a sharp upward thrust of the barrel. Sherlock could see it pierce the roof of his mouth through the open maw of his lips, the bloodstained barrel piercing tongue, and soft pallet before the younger man had a chance to react. Brody gurgled in surprise, eyes widening and hands scrambling at Sherlock's wet coat in an attempt to break free. It lasted only for a moment, before he lost consciousness, his eyes rolling back into his head. Quick, efficient, nonlethal.
Sherlock waited, impatient, for Lestrade to make the call, for the rest of their team to get a move on. The earpiece was a humming litany of voices, giving their positions, taking up places to surround the building.
“Hey dude, do you know where-” The man, a tourist at best, an idiot with no sense of direction at worst, reached out to steady him, one hand reaching to grip John’s shoulder. Instinct hid him backing out of the man's reach.  John caught a glimpse of sweaty blond hair and a receding hairline. He was far to close for John’s liking, and moved in closer despite John's obvious distaste. John ducked to avoid further being touched, snarling a warning as he skirted around the man.
Stepping away from the bloody scene Mycroft headed to the back of the apartment, directing himself down the hall that led to Sherlock and John’s rooms. Sherlock’s room was first and Mycroft tried the knob. It was locked, dear John had taken precautions. With a thrust of his shoulder he lifted on the knob and used the leverage of to pop the latch out of the door frame. It was an old trick, used back when Sherlock was at high risk of overdosing.
Colt paused above him, scowling for a moment before pulling out his phone and snapping a photo. The flash blared through Sherlock's retinas, and he groaned, moving his right hand to cover his eyes just as another flash split the room.
There was a scuffle to his left, followed by the sound of soft curses. It drew Sherlock's attention away from the warehouse and toward the noise. Dear old Donovan. Sitting tumbled on her bottom and looking just as rat-faced as always. She cast an apologetic expression at her coworkers, bending to tie her shoe to avoid the look of derision Sherlock threw her way. The woman had grown particularly skilled at that of recent. John must be rubbing off on her.
“John…you have no idea how long I have been waiting to see you like this,” Sherlock admitted, sitting back on his heels, crouched among the sheets and bedding. God, his name on Sherlock’s lips had never sounded so good. The hand Sherlock runs down John’s nude hip is like a brand, rough and hot. John swallows hard and shifts on the bed, arching his hips up against the pressure of Sherlock’s hands to get more of that skin on skin contact. Sherlock’s pupils were blown at the sight. John could not believe something so simple could make him feel so damn sexy.
John crumbled to the sheets, his eyes closed, chest heaving. Sherlock couldn't help but look down at the other man, watching the way he wound down from climax with drowsy shifts of his muscles and a slow arch of his back that tugged at where they were connected. Sherlock rolled his hips, sighing as his seed filled John in slow spurts.
Of course even that justification came to a painful end after the shower thing. Much too soon, in John's opinion.
The consulting idiot made a strangled sound of frustration and jabbed the remote at the screen as tough trying to stab it with an invisible sword. Then, shoulders slumping, dropped back into his chair.
Surprisingly, Sherlock grumbled something in an annoyed tone, but his footsteps thumped readily enough in the direction of the phone, and John allowed himself a satisfied smile as he resumed lazing under the hot water.
Then, while saliva trickled down his chin and the hot water felt icy compared to the heat of his body – Sherlock laughed. It was of course a derisive, mocking sound that was almost cruel coming from the consulting detective, but John was so far gone that he actually
He gasped breathlessly as the detective encouraged and coaxed him through it, and he stopped being able to infer the meaning of the words he heard, just feeling every syllable, every small inflection, every vibration as if they were physically shaking up his insides.
John's breath hitched when Sherlock got his 'I'm explaining something that should be utterly obvious to anyone with eyes' tone, and started explaining something, probably about a case, and being terribly condescending all the while, and John was harder than he'd ever been since puberty, probably.
At some point Sherlock had repositioned himself behind the couch, leaning over with a hand caressing John's hair and his mouth on his ear, murmuring constantly, until John thought he'd never breathe again.
to the shell of his ear, and his eyes rolled back into his head – and it was over.
– of course he's not her lover! Look at his third button!" Sherlock snapped for the fifth time in as many minutes, and John sighed.
"John –"
With a knowing look, Sherlock leant in even more, observing his overheated ears, "No one manages to becomes sexually aroused with a dead body in the room because they're tired. Unless you're Molly Hooper, probably," he noticed John trying to turn his face away, and gripped it tightly, by now a mere breath away from him.
There was also the fact that there was a dead, bloody body staring up at him with empty eyes, and what kind of person would get aroused in
Ok, fuck.
He had a feeling Sherlock kept talking for a while after that, and when he woke up in the middle of the night, the state of his – er – lower regions betrayed the kind of good dream he'd been having.
the sound vibrated close,
"...ohn!"
The second time it happened, they were at a crime scene. Sherlock was deducing, as he usually did, everything of relevance in the vicinity while Donovan scowled, Lestrade took notes, and John tried to keep his cock from doing anything inappropriate.
He didn't think – couldn't think – and it took him several tries before he was able to get his trembling fingers to unhook every tiny disc from the fabric.
Of course, not even ten seconds later, he heard Sherlock call, "Mrs Hudson brewed us some tea, John! Come drink it with me!"
"He's here!"
At first John thought it was just admiration.
The trousers joined John's shirt on the floor, but he hesitated when it came to his boxers.
It was totally a coincidence, though. Seriously.
get to the bottom of this'.
Actually, that was a good idea – if he concentrated on the mutilated corpse he could abate the effect of Sherlock's voice.
And in that moment John realized that there was no coming back from this. No hope of pretending it had never happened. No hope of ever escaping, probably. Which...
John wanted to say something – something like 'Is this really happening? Or is this a wet dream?' or even 'Aren't you taking this a little too well?' – but his brain was unable to process anything beyond the sound of Sherlock's voice and his own aching cock. Now that the consulting detective knew about his fixation, his voice was ever deeper and richer and more compelling than usual, and it was doing things to him that he'd be worried about, if he hadn't been aroused beyond caring,
After that he admitted to himself that no, it was really Sherlock's voice that he liked. It was soothing and deep and haughty and he liked it maybe the way someone liked those relaxation tapes things that told you to breathe deeply and imagine a sphere of purifying light descend on you.
His roommate leaned forward, bony elbows on bony knees, and continued, smooth and leisurely as if John weren't about to
The low baritone continued expounding on why exactly everybody was an idiot with the brain of an amoeba, and John's vision was blacking out.
"Of – er – of course I'm listening," he stammered unconvincingly, his voice cracking in the middle. Sherlock frowned, and to his utter horror, the consulting detective's eyes darted here and there analysing every little detail, dissecting every clue, lingering on the flushed skin of his throat, on his probably dilated eyes and, alarmingly enough, on his crotch. His ears felt like they were on fire.
"No. No, my dear John," he said lowly, eyes intent, "I think something else is going on here... your dilated pupils, irregular breathing pattern and overheated skin point to a much more intriguing conclusion,"
His face flushed instantly, and--
He'd been done for almost twenty minutes, and just standing under the hot spray in bliss, when the phone rang. Being the person usually in charge of answering doors and phones and things Sherlock would be too focused to notice, he sighed and stretched a hand towards the towel, prepared to interrupt his moment of bliss to answer...but then he figured he deserved a bit of peace once in a while, and the consulting prick could stand to fend for himself for once.
"Sherlock, the phone!" he therefore yelled, "I'm in the shower!"
– rough and deep and vibrating on John's skin... how was he supposed to deal with this?
He was going to hell.
But it seemed there was a god somewhere, because Sherlock huffed frustratedly and went back to explaining the case, but not before shooting him a look that very clearly said 'I
"Come, John, no need to restrain yourself. You can remove your shirt if you prefer, or your trousers, or everything if you like. You can be completely nude, I know you prefer it,"
It was fairly harmless at first – just him putting down the
Sherlock, who would no doubt deduce everything in two seconds flat.
Because, let's face it, most of what came out of Sherlock's mouth was either witty insult or brilliant deduction, and both were often complex and always entertaining. And John was probably the only person who didn't get ticked off within three seconds of talking to Sherlock – it was a given that he liked hearing him talk. Of course, that didn't
'Everything' being not the meaning of the individual sentences, but rather the irritated cadence that made his voice rougher and deeper and even haughtier than ususal.
Sherlock made a pleased sound, a sort of deep, echoing 'Hmm' that vibrated on every cell of his skin, and John's hand helplessly twitched around his cock, pace picking up.
They were pressed pretty close together, and that would have been distressing on its own, but the the thrice-blasted detective had to lean in in even more, his lips grazing the shell of John's ear, and say, "He's coming. Probably five seconds now," in a low rough tone, and he could see Sherlock's eyes zero in on the flutter of John's eyelids and on the sound his breath made as it got hitched in his throat.
Clearly he'd been very tired, and also very pent up, that was all. Nothing to worry about, obviously. It was a stress thing, probably.
“Very good. You can leave it there on the floor. Now your trousers, please – yes, that's it, and do try not to hurt yourself,” Sherlock coaxed softly.
"No no
"Nothing," he said unconvincingly, "I've just been a bit tired lately,"
He wasn't expecting an answer. It was just like always, Sherlock deducing aloud, bouncing ideas and theories off him, with no need of intervention on his part.
“Sherlock – for your own good, turn off the tv,”
Completely betraying him, John's cock gave an interested twitch.
“You can come, John,”
Sherlock continued to watch him suspiciously throughout their hunt for clues, analysing his every move with an ever present confused frown. Thankfully more things to think about meant less talking, so John couldn't complain. He also knew he had at least a few hours before Sherlock threw in the towel and just asked, or rather demanded the answer. And if he asked with the right voice, John was afraid he'd tell him anything he wanted.
to his room and asked, "What's going on with you then, John?"
"John! Are you listening?" a deep voice inquired impatiently from about two inches away from his left ear. He flushed uncontrollably as something lurched in the pit of his stomach... and his cock stirred.
John, even though unable to shake a sense of surreality from making his head spin, started to brush his trembling fingertips to his cock, still holding the other hand as a pointless half-shield. Then...
him, and he just listened, and it was win-win for everyone. And if he payed a bit more attention to the cadence and the inflection of the haughty tones than was strictly appropriate, well, nobody had to know, right? He was just appreciating the younger Holmes' deductive genius and whatnot.
With even the meagre distraction of criticising tv shows – vein-popping though it was – taken from him, the younger Holmes started to rattle off percentages and extraordinarily obscure facts to entertain himself. It never ceased to amaze John that a man who didn't know about the earth's revolution around the sun could recite the latin names of all 64 species of possums without batting an eye.
John, still hardly breathing, lowerd his hands to the hem of his jeans, and just managed to slowly unbuttoned them. The sweaty and shaking tips of his thumb and forefinger closed around the zipper, and he dragged it down over the straining fabric, all under the fixed and intrigued gaze of his roommate.
He tried to focus on the matter at hand – hiding in a narrow alley with Sherlock, waiting for their man to pass from there on his way to the next murder. His infuriating roommate was certain of both the next victim and of the route the man would take to get to her house, so it was just a matter of waiting.
The words set his skin ablaze, arousal coiling low in his stomach like flames licking at his insides, and he had no other choice but to comply. Completely naked now, he sat back on the couch slouching with shame and embarrassment, legs pressed together and both hands cupped on his lap to hide his humiliating state.
"Well, then, John," he said smoothly, sounding every syllable and lingering with particular care on his name, "You are very affected by my voice. How long has this been going on? A couple of months most probably. I remember more than one instance of you abandoning any activity you were indulging in to listen to my ramblings. But when did it become sexual?"
When he couldn't stand it anymore, he lowered a trembling hand and grabbed himself, desperate breathy gasps he had no control over escaping from his lips. With each drawn-out word in that low, composed voice, his skin became more flushed, and his breaths more laboured, until his knees started to feel like jelly and he was aching for release.
His smile disapeared pretty fast however, because it seemed the detective had a lot to say to whoever had called, and the phone being just a few feet from the bathroom, John could hear pretty much everything.
Sherlock, who hadn't moved from his position behind the couch, said tenderly, "Oh, John, this is so wonderful," and laughed a little in his ear.
He was far too close to his face, probably in order not to let any microexpression or spasm slip unnoticed, and judging by his intent look, he didn't miss the light flush spreading on his entire face, or the way his breaths became more shallow and careful.
He couldn't even do something as simple washing the dishes while the consulting detective talked, let alone read.
He raised an eyebrow, “Sure, if by 'likes' you mean 'barely tolerates',”
He knew it wouldn't end there, though. He could practically hear the cogs of the detective's brain turn during the cab ride, and it did not bode well for him.
Simple, really. Except not at all, because Sherlock was drilling a metaphorical hole in his head from all the staring he was doing, and John was trying to act nonchalant and probably failing.
, "I was on the phone you know, with Mycroft... Did you masturbate while listening to my voice? Hmm. Well now... no need to feel guilty, John. See? I can help. Now go ahead, touch yourself. It has to hurt,"
But that was not the problem. The problem was that John was trying to read, and failing spectacularily at it. The words kept being drowned by Sherlock's low rumble, and he kept losing focus to stare at nothing while listening to every sound coming from his roommate's mouth, without being able to distinguish what he was actually going on about. It seemed every time the dark-haired genius said more than ten words at a time, John became automatically unable to do anything but listen, captivated, until either someone called him on it or Sherlock stopped talking.
Sherlock squeezed John a bit tighter. Then, suddenly, he let John loose and bolted upright. "Oh!"
. Call me Sherlock."
Sherlock was already sitting up with his hunting knife drawn when a body crashed into the door. His eyes widened in terror. The door burst open and John flew into the room, panting with exertion. "
As he absorbed John’s pleasure, it wasn’t just his eyes that were glowing. His entire body was subtly giving off light. His pale skin was like moonlight falling on water. Even his dark wings were glimmering like starlight. John had never imagined that anything could be so beautiful.
Sherlock smiled wickedly. "Yes, John."
When he heard Sherlock's knock, he got up and opened the door. He looked up at Sherlock and gasped, his mouth dropping open.
Sherlock couldn't speak. His chest and throat were tight. He closed his eyes, lowered his head, and focused on breathing.
John squeezed Sherlock lightly and dropped a kiss on the side of his neck. He stood up and held out his hand to help Sherlock up. "Come on. It's not far now."
John glared up at the man, clutched at his shoulder, and snarled back through gritted teeth, "
John began to relax. "It was over four years ago. I'm fine."
John moved closer to Sherlock. "I'd like to see you again. Do you have a day off soon?"
Sherlock put his hand on John's cheek. "John, my parents have known I'm gay for years."
John put some stew in a bowl and finally turned around. Sherlock was in John's bed, propped up against the wall with his legs under the coverlet. His clothes were folded on top of his pack. John gave him the stew.
Sherlock didn't move.
John grinned at him wickedly.
Sherlock spun around to face John. "
Sherlock's eyes softened. "Doesn't it hurt, though?" he asked gently.
“But your danger kink has bested the other scenarios tonight,” he continued coolly. “I’ve already bound you and soon I’ll impale my throat on your cock. It’s a rare male who doesn’t enjoy an enthusiastic blow job, but you are particularly appreciative. Add the element of being rendered helpless at the hands of a powerful creature of darkness and we have our winner. You can consider my little foray into your penchant for dirty talk a bonus.” He looked down at John like the cat that got the cream.
"The inn just outside Rouen."
Sherlock took a deep breath and let it out slowly. "He looks exactly like Apollo."
couldn't stop thinking about doing?"
Sherlock pushed himself forward. "I don't need some villager telling me what to do!"
The bartender ran after the other waitress.
"Wait!" John cried, reaching his arm out. But Sherlock had already slammed the door. It was all John could do to keep from crumpling to the floor.
Sherlock:
"Relatively uneventful. Which, in an ER, is good."
"All right, John. What about you?"
Sherlock waved his hand toward John. "It's fine. I was late anyway. The clerk at that shoe store was a complete idiot. He couldn't manage to use his own cash register." Sherlock rolled his eyes.
. Miraculously, Sherlock made it to his chair before his knees buckled. Oh, God,
"Me too." John rose up on his toes and kissed him softly. He dropped back down and held the watch out again. "So, what does 'WSSH' stand for?"
A man walking behind John crashed right into him before going around him with a muttered curse. John attempted to give chase as best he could considering the state of his damned leg, but there was no longer any sign of the man in black.
"I'm happy to play for her tonight." Sherlock still didn't move. "But that's not why you came down to the cellar."
John cried out in anguished ecstasy. His entire body convulsed violently. Sherlock would surely have been thrown off had he not been prepared, with his hands pinning John’s hips and his ankles locked over John’s.
John's heart was pounding. He was gasping for air as he went outside. As he watched the crest of the hill for the riders, he focused on slowing his breathing. He was Sherlock's only defense. He had to get his fear under control. He picked up the rabbit he'd tossed onto his animal cleaning bench as he had run to the house. He pulled his hunting knife out of his belt and sat on the bench, one eye on the crest of the hill.
John, gently:
"Okay, okay," John said, sliding his hands down Sherlock's chest. "I've got you." He kissed Sherlock's collarbone. "I just didn't want to push you too much. How far do you want to take this tonight?"
John hesitated for only a moment before slowly approaching the front of the hollow. His arm tightened his bowstring but he kept the bow lowered.
giving them up if you don't plan to give the watch up?"
"Not at all. Please." Sherlock took a step back so John could come in. "I'm glad you're here," he added quietly as John passed him. He closed the door.
John laid his cane on the ground next to him and gripped Sherlock's forearms. The knee he'd put down on the sidewalk was in fact protesting violently, but he didn't want to let on. "If I'm going to do this, I'm going to do it right, baby."
Sherlock cradled John's face in his hands, stroking his cheekbones with his thumbs. His hands were trembling. "If you're certain. You don't have to prove anything to me."
"There's plenty for me to do here today. You need to sleep. That leg won't heal if you don't rest."
The prince sighed. "I told you to stop that.
change my mind about you. I love you, Sherlock. I'm yours. For as long as you want me, I'm yours." He stroked his thumb over Sherlock's cheekbone.
After a few minutes, John sighed heavily and lifted his head. He grinned up at Sherlock. "I hate to ask you to move, but I think we should eventually get off the floor."
John struggled to focus. The skin-to-skin contact was intoxicating. He couldn’t help pressing his hips upward, rubbing his aching cock against Sherlock’s warm belly. He bit back a moan. “
Sherlock reached out and put his hand on John's face. "Are you all right?"
"I don't think so. You're injured. I won't have you dying out here. I'll take you back to my house and patch you up. Then you can be on your way."
John shifted uncomfortably. "I'm sorry, Sherlock. I came to apologize to you for running away."
"Because I'm sure. You're all I think about."
He walked over to Sherlock. "I think he likes you, Sweetheart."
John found his way to the door. "Right then. Back soon," he said. He took one more look at Sherlock and left.
"Most of the time, yes. Definitely this week. We're performing 'Scheherazade.' It's a personal favourite of mine."
"No -" John opened his eyes. "No,
They stood in silence for a moment, Sherlock still clutching at John's sleeve.
John smiled. He slid under the coverlet and cloak and laid against Sherlock's right side, draping his arm over Sherlock's chest.
"Yes, John. It's just, well.. that was amazing."
"I'll be fine. And you don't have to leave. You can turn your back if you're concerned for my modesty." Sherlock looked amused.
Sherlock was sitting up, looking down at his own knees. He'd pulled the sheet up to his chest. "Do you want me to go?" he asked quietly without looking up.
John grinned back. He walked toward the main entrance of Sherlock's building with him. Sherlock stopped and turned to face John. He put his shopping bag down on the sidewalk. The large fountain in front of the building kept them out of view of the cars passing by.
Sherlock shook his head. "No, this is perfect. Nothing extraneous. You have excellent taste."
," he growled. "We're getting out of here.
Sherlock had finished dressing and gone still.
When Sherlock was certain that John was sleeping, he sat up slowly. Silently, he put his clothes on. He tucked his nightshirt into his pack and drew out his purse. He took half the gold out and put the purse back. He put on his right boot and his cloak, stood, shouldered his pack, and picked up the crutches. He left the gold on John's kitchen table.
Sherlock's mouth opens, but he can't speak for a moment. He lowers his head, lifting his hands to his temples.
Sherlock groaned in frustration and let his head drop back against his arm. John moved on to Sherlock's thigh. Sherlock gradually relaxed.
wanted Sherlock to touch him.
Sherlock lifted his bow and drew a single high note. John's heart stopped. He hadn't known it was possible to put so much beauty and emotion into a single note. Sherlock continued, weaving a melody and returning to that single note again. And again. The rest of the orchestra was quiet, with only a harp player supporting Sherlock's melody. John was frozen in place, completely transfixed.
John felt his cheeks flush a little. He put the other crutch at Sherlock's left side.
Weekly updates until the story is complete at 15 chapters. Thank you for reading!
John let out a strangled noise. "
"In Vietnam." John braced himself for Sherlock's response. He'd had people react viciously when he revealed his military service.
Sherlock pulled back, eyes sweeping over John’s upper body. He regarded him thoughtfully for a moment before speaking. “You regret allowing me to bind you to your bed - you shouldn’t, by the way, I know what I’m doing - because right now you’d quite like to grab me by the hair,” he began, illustrating the point by plunging his own hands into it, “Knock me onto my knees, and shove that big, fat cock of yours right down my throat.” He clutched at his hair and arched his torso lasciviously. “Because that would be a rather fantastic way to shut me up, would it not?”
He choked down a bite of his supper. "Where were you running to?"
There was a man standing over him now. He dropped to his knees next to Sherlock. He was saying something.
John released Sherlock and unsteadily pulled himself back into his own chair. He folded his arms on the table and dropped his head onto them. He groaned quietly.
Sherlock gave John his right hand and a pointed look.
John stops walking. Sherlock stops as well.
6:59pm
John went back into the bathroom. Sherlock had made quite a lot of noise. John knew he couldn't really hold Sherlock responsible this time, but it did worry him.
Sherlock proceeded to thoroughly map John's upper body with his fingertips as John closed his eyes and gave himself over to the sensation. Sherlock found him completely fascinating.
, John. I love you so much."
John slid his arms around Sherlock's waist. "You, Sherlock. Always you. Only you." He pulled their bodies together. "I was thinking about the way you looked last night. The way you felt."
Sherlock straightened up. "Did you just call me
"I missed you terribly," John whispered.
"Oh, I'm sorry! You don't have to answer that."
John scrubbed his hand over his own face. "That's... good, Sherlock. I'm glad. But I don't have a choice. When we're at my place, we'll have to be... more discreet."
"Just checking the table. Do you need any help?"
." Water began seeping up out of the ground, filling the hole. John kept walking. He pulled his shoe off as he reached the door of his apartment.
John closed his eyes as his heart tightened painfully. He was glad Sherlock couldn't see his face. He forced his voice to stay steady. "I know. I know you go to England for Christmas every year. I understand, Sherlock."
It was him.
The Passenger:
Sherlock's cries had devolved into whimpers. He continued to shiver intermittently under John. John shifted his weight to Sherlock's side so he wouldn't get too heavy on his chest. Sherlock's hands fell away from the balusters to rest limply against the pillow.
to me." John held Sherlock's free hand in both of his. "I'll stay as long as you'll have me."
John pulled away, leaving Sherlock aching. "Take your shirt off," he commanded.
John deliberately slowed Sherlock down. He stroked Sherlock's back and kept his hips still. Sherlock followed John's lead, relaxing his body. He was warm and heavy on top of John.
"When can I see you again?"
Scheherazade, Op. 35
"How far is it?"
John thought this might be the moment that would actually kill him.
John was trying to pull his hands away from his face. "Sherlock, stop! Stop! Don't you
"I don't think you're in a position to make demands. You're coming with me. Let me see your leg so I can know what we're dealing with."
John leaned onto his right arm. With his left hand, he took Sherlock's right hand, raised it above Sherlock's head and wrapped Sherlock's fingers around one of the headboard's balusters. Sherlock's eyes widened.
Sherlock froze as he heard John come through the front door. He listened to John's footfalls on the stairs.
"Thanks, Sherlock." He paused, the tension dissipating from his body. "I love you."
Sherlock stopped walking. "You know what? Forget dinner. Go back to work."
John could feel his heart rate increasing. His eyes fluttered closed. Sherlock was so close that John could feel his body heat. He tilted his face up when he sensed Sherlock bending downward, anticipating the press of Sherlock's lips against his own.
Sherlock searched John's eyes for any sign of hesitation. He saw none whatsoever. Emboldened, he surged forward, his lips crashing against John's. John's arms flailed a bit as Sherlock pushed him backward across the sitting room. Thankfully, Sherlock retained enough thinking ability to move one of his hands to the back of John's head to protect it before pushing him against the closed door.
John pulled Sherlock's hand away from his cock. Sherlock let out a desperate little cry. Then John took hold of him. Sherlock gasped.
"Do you think your neighbors heard us?"
"The time I've had with you has been more than I could ever ask for. You're worth the danger. You're worth leaving everything behind and starting over. I can't lose you now."
John wondered at how Sherlock could possibly find fault with Tanisha's playing. It had sounded flawless to him. She was easily John's favorite among the few students Sherlock had deemed worthy of his time and instruction, with sparkling deep brown eyes and a throaty, infectious laugh.
John returned the smile, but it didn't touch his eyes. "You're right. Of course, you're right." John took a deep breath.
Sherlock could see John trembling with arousal. "Now, Sherlock."
Sherlock moaned around John, causing John to cry out and tighten his hand in Sherlock's hair. Sherlock moaned again when John started guiding his head up and down. He let John control his movements, giving himself over. He slid one hand around to grip John's arse.
Sherlock gaped at him. John's left hand moved into Sherlock's hair. He tugged gently, tilting Sherlock's head to the side and exposing his neck. Sherlock gasped. "Oh!"
"Look, Sherlock, I'm sorry, okay? Let me in so we can talk about this."
"Oh my God," John sighed weakly.
John put his hand over his mouth. Sherlock could see that he was holding back tears. Sherlock looked at Mike again. His voice was tight. "All right. But please, be careful."
John's mouth fell open in shock. "Hngh." He nodded his head, having lost the ability to speak. A little smile passed over Sherlock's face as he quickly opened John's shirt, pausing for a moment to stroke his fingers over John's dog tags. He pulled John's trousers and briefs halfway down his thighs. John gasped for breath as he braced his hands against the wall and focused on keeping himself upright.
John saw Sherlock swallow hard. "Monday."
"Why?"
John handed Mr. Duncan's chart to Judy and walked around the corner. He froze in his tracks. Sherlock was in the main hallway, leaning against the wall. "
, Sherlock. I'm sorry."
John set the second bucket down. "I convinced the innkeeper to let us have these. Or, I should say, a generous tip convinced him. I thought we might like to have good wash after that voyage."
The raven-haired man was still there. John pointed at him accusingly. “You were on the tube.”
. Sixteen, seventeen. Then the line connected.
Sherlock looks back up, into John's eyes.
John pulled back just enough to swallow around him. When Sherlock went limp, his hands sliding out of John's hair, John released him and crawled forward. Sherlock wound his arms around him and pulled him close as he tried to catch his breath. "Oh,
Sherlock smiled warmly at John. "I enjoyed this afternoon - and this evening, John."
Sherlock leaned in even closer, moving his hands to the laces on John's breeches. John whimpered. Sherlock went all the way in, nuzzling up against the front of John's breeches as he began untying them. He smiled again when he felt that John was already fully hard.
John nudged Sherlock's right knee. "Her handsome prince gone? How could she be glad of that?" He smiled encouragingly.
Sherlock smiling. "Good."
Sherlock briefly opened his eyes as John cleaned him up. He moaned quietly. "You've killed me, John. I've never come so hard in my life."
Sherlock watched him until he disappeared from sight. He waited, watching people walk by in the fading light.
"Some photos. Some things I had from my time in the army. My old uniform." John was going numb. "Everything's in my footlocker. I left it in the entryway."
Sherlock started moving to get up. "Take your bed back.
"Well, when you say it like that, it sounds stupid."
John sat up enough to look into Sherlock's eyes. "Will you tell me? Please?"
John smiled warmly. "I was hoping you'd ask." He looked around quickly to make sure they were alone before pulling Sherlock into a heated kiss.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=BphPu6xvlzI
John:
"Hmm?"
Sherlock looked up at him pleadingly. "I've slept in your bed
John put his hands up in front of him. He turned around and walked away.
John grunted his agreement, already dashing down the hallway without the urging from the elder Holmes. With little options left his shoes beat a rapid retreat down the hallway to Sherlock’s room. Being on the first floor, it was the closest escape route he could think of. He slowed down long enough to ease the bedroom door closed and click the lock into place, not wanting to draw too much attention to himself with loud sounds. He doubted anyone was in the house yet, but it was always best to approach these sorts of things with caution, he wanted them to think he’d hidden somewhere in the flat, after all.
Sherlock chuckled in return, shaking his mussed hair from his eyes before returning to the first aid kit. He handed John a set of antimicrobials and some bandages, scowling when the other man but those aside in favor of the bottle of astringent and a glove. “Oh I hate this part,” Sherlock admitted, holding his hand out despite his protests.
Seeing that had made him imagine how horrible it would be to watch John being taken away on a gurney without ever telling the man his feelings. Without ever saying the words that hung on his tongue at the end of every one of their interactions.
"Oh, he's practical enough. An eye for an eye and such." Colt snorted, pausing to examine the prone body of his ex-partner. No love lost then, the only regrets he had seemed to be over the fact that he'd accidentally shot him.
-And we know how the virus started
“Your the best thing that ever happened to be John. I love you.”
“Tell me when your ready John.” Sherlock purred as he adjusted fingers in the blond until he was rubbing that sweet spot that had John shouting and tensing beneath him. Thinking critically he set to spreading John with a third finger, until the omega was open, wet, and eager.
Nini's Rambles: It's up! I took a bit to do some work on other stories, so apologies for the delays!
When the man struck Sherlock didn’t get the chance to react. One moment the rotund man was standing quietly, still holding out that "something" in his hand. The next, faster than any man if his size should be capable of, he shifted forward into Sherlock’s space, his hand coming up and slamming something hard against the pale column of Sherlock's throat. Sherlock choked at the familiar feeling of a needle piercing the flesh of his carotid artery, followed by the icy cold song of unfamiliar chemicals whipping into his bloodstream.
It took two strides to make it across the room and bring himself up into John's space, taking the omega's outstretched palm and tugging him close. His other hand slipped upward, sliding over the swell of John's jaw to yank the blond's head up so he could see John's warm features, bright and stunning. He caught a glimpse of John's eyes widening in shocked surprise before he was bending his taller form down and pressing their lips together in a desperate clash of teeth and soft, warm lips.
Gritting his teeth, he followed through with the move, allowing the omega’s weight to yank him backward. There was a crunching sound of an end table as the other man crashed into it, and the sound of shattering of glass from a lamp following shortly after. Twisting in midair, he used his body weight to slam his back on top of the other man with a grunt of effort. The breath knocked from John's lungs in a painful grunt, but it was worth it as, beneath him, the omega choked, crushed between John’s weight and the hard beams of the wooden slat floor. He heard the distinct sound of the gun as it skidded across the floor, landing mere inches away, hammer still cocked and ready.
It was Greg Eddington’s work, of that he was certain, the man was somehow always one step ahead. Whatever informants Eddington used, they had to be good, highly skilled. The mysterious man knew when Sherlock was coming. New exactly what locations the detective had discovered and emptied them before Sherlock ever had the chance to see the inner workings of his laboratories. As far as Sherlock could tell the man was closing the doors on all of his inner-city back door medical wards, taking his research, his people, and his victims with him. Every day Sherlock went without a break in this blighted cases more and more people would be taken away, never to be found again.
Jermaine went silent as the sharp echo of a gunshot rang through the flat. John watched as dark red viscera sprayed outward from the beta’s skull and exploded across the entryway stairs, blood and brains, and bone matter splashing the wallpaper with garish gusto.
Sherlock falls to his knees, the drop to the ground sufficiently dramatic, in his own opinion. The drugs add a bit of realism, making his limbs uncoordinated and floppy. He falls forward onto his front, rainwater eagerly meeting his face as it greets the mud. It’s a move made more out of necessity than anything since he cannot be certain if the cabby will attempt to continue the beating, and would like to protect his face and internal organs from further damage. The cold feels good on the quickly inflaming skin of his chin and even better on his fevered brow.
-John finally finds out that Mycroft's been keeping some secrets from him
As always comments and kudos are appreciated.
Mrs.Hudson’s telly was playing loud from her open door, the newscaster talking rapidly about a young man who had escaped St. Bartholomews without doctor authorization.
"I have no doubt," Sherlock crowed with delight. Spinning around to catch sight of John standing in the hallway, one shoulder leaning against the wall, a sheet draped across his hips as he listened with avid interest. Sherlock stared back at him, his inner alpha purring at the sight. And suddenly, the desire to finish off the case didn't seem that important, after all.
"This him? Doesn't look too tough to me." Brody chuckled, sizing up his foot to Sherlock's oxfords. "Nice shoes though, think the boss will let me have them?"
“It is not his blood. Scent, can you smell it?” Mycroft commanded, his voice just above a whisper, even as he bent to speak into John’s ear, forcing his body in closer to John’s then they’d ever been before. John gasped in a couple sobbing breaths, dragging in the scent of…beta. First was the low-level scent of chai tea and bound books, Mycroft’s light fragrance tickling the edge of his nose as the older man pressed John’s head against the crook of his neck. And underneath that, almost blocked by Mycroft’s proximity, was the dulling scents of lavender, shea butter, dust and almond bitters, another beta, maybe two.
"Yeah…yeah, we did good, huh?" John question, his cheeks staining a bright red. Reading between the lines, Sherlock took that to mean something along the lines of
He’d been thinking at the time how horrible it would be to watch John being taken away on a gurney without ever telling the man his feelings. Without ever saying the words that hung on his tongue at the end of every one of their interactions.
“Yes, well, it looks like you’ll be needing to head out, Mrs. Hudson!” John shouted back, voice broken and strained, peering out the windows. “Now would be a good a time as any!” Mrs. Hudson, having the good sense that she did, went silent. He listened to the sound of her keys jingling, and a moment later watched as she dashed out the front door, bee-lining to her vehicle. Bless her heart; she didn’t even attempt to take anything with her, ever practical.
“What did he do, headbutt you?” Mycroft questioned, raising one russet brow. The glob of spittle aimed his way a moment later was answer enough. Raw pride lit up Mycroft’s belly at that, at least John had the chance to put up a fight. “Well, John is quite hard-headed, as you have seen, in all senses of the phrase.” The beta waved a hand, taking in the blooded and damaged remains of 221B.
John gave him a looked, "You decided to- doing all this- because someone who looks like me shot you?"
“John?!” He moaned the omega’s name, the one word evoking all the aching need and watery emotions that he’d been feeling all night. Desperate for more Sherlock slid his palm along John’s jaw and back to cup the swell of John’s neck. The hairs at the back of his neck were damp from his shower, soft to the touch. He growled his approval as the older man stumbled backward until he leaned against the table again. Tilting his head their tongues met with an eager curl of muscle on muscle, pressing and tangling together in gasping hot breaths. John tasted of garlic and peppers, the heat of whatever he’d eaten transferring to Sherlock’s lips in tantalizing sparks. His lips were warm and enthusiastic, and like nothing, Sherlock could have ever imagined.
John flinched at the mention of his missing partner, his light-hearted mood bursting like a bubble. He pushed away the plate of oranges, any appetite he had disappearing and leaving his stomach with a rolling ball of anxiety. The biscuits felt dense and solid in his belly. The fact the Mycroft had somehow weaseled him into eating them in the first place was frustrating.
He can’t help but stare into those lovely eyes, examine high cheekbones, and sharp features unhindered now that he has permission to look. Why had he never noticed the small beauty mark above Sherlock’s left brow? When had that thin little scar appeared on Sherlock’s cheek?
Up ahead John paused on his way around a bend in the trail his lower body half obscured by the slope of the hill they’d been following for the last half hour. “Hey what do you think about stopping for a bit?” He called over his shoulder, turning his head and offering up one of his lopsided warm smiles. Sherlock caught sight of bright blue eyes even from where he stood and smiled back.
hazed the air, warm and wet and right. “God, I hate that part, get us a washcloth would you?” John pleaded, face blushing vivid red before he hid his face with his arm.  Sherlock wanted to protest, he rather liked the sight of his omega painted in his fluids but decided to save John from further embarrassment and just do as he was told, scrambling from the bed on legs that felt something like jelly from lack of blood flow.
"Fucking finally!" John groaned against his lips, latching onto his mouth with an eager moan that went right down to Sherlock's groin. Every cell in Sherlock's brain sang out with pure elation. The scent of John, warm honey mixed with hints of ash and sun-soaked-wheat, enveloped his senses, hot and sweet, and so John that it took him higher than any drug ever had. He inhaled a desperate gasp of air against John's cheek, needing that scent deep in his lungs. It felt so damn right, deep down into his core.
"Stay down, Donovan." Lestrade's voice echoed in Sherlock's earpiece and from his left at the same time. The inspector shifted beside him, his elbow nudging into Sherlock's side, a sharp, uncomfortable jab. Sherlock jabbed back. The detective was uncomfortably close, no matter the circumstances. Heaving in a deep breath for patience, Sherlock turned up the collar of his coat against the prevailing wind.
Colt watched him with smart brown eyes, "Do you even know where the safety is on that thing?" He questioned, the smirk on his face knowing, as he repeated Sherlock's thoughts aloud. "Put it down before you get yourself shot."
https://archiveofourown.org/works/24177130
"Brody," A shuffle of acknowledgment from the couch. "Colt," A nod from the man standing by the desk. "I got something from the boss for you guys to watch." The alpha announced, seemingly unaware of the look cast his way.
The omega was ghostly pale and glared at Mycroft with suspicious eyes. The white of his left eye was blood red from a subconjunctival hemorrhage. The most likely cause was the orbital bone fracture to his left cheekbone. Mycroft could see the slight depression and the blossoming bruise under it.
The sound of leather creaking alerted him to one of the beta's movements.
“Jermaine!? Get in here!” The omega’s voice shouted against his ear, strained from holding John so tight.
Inside his mind Sherlock is pleased, puzzle pieces were slipping into place one after another, showing pieces of the whole. Mycroft and he had been struggling to find out what exactly Eddington’s long term goals were. Why was he taking people? What experiments could possibly warrant this level of secrecy and why would he not be using all the legal channels that his money and power offered him? This was a treasure trove compared to what they'd known yesterday. He needed to get out of here soon and let Mycroft now everything he had just discovered. Until then the best he could do is listen.
Depositing the hair into an evidence bag, Sherlock pocketed it. A desk sat to one side. It was empty, except for a few miscellaneous pens and an omega birth control pack with the last three months unused. These must be the guard's rooms.
“Holy-christ…how is this even happening.” John groaned against the swell of Sherlock’s collarbone. Sherlock just chuckled, equally as confused as John, his lips flashing into a smile that John could probably feel against his skin. Shrugging his shoulders Sherlock slid his fingers up under the hem of John’s shirt, forcing it higher until he caught sight of the tan expanse of John’s belly.
“Message me, and we’ll meet for lunch!” He shouted, his request muffled by the sound of the door slamming closed and Sherlock’s retreating steps.
John retched into the hollow well of his toilet bowl, that morning’s cup of tea spilling from his innards with a little too much eagerness given the time of day.
It was all the distraction John needed. John was used to fighting dirty, thrived on it the same way that Sherlock did. Unlike some others, he had never been under the impression that omegas were the gentler sex. He had no issue taking on one of his gender; omegas could be just as aggressive in a fight as either of the other secondary genders.
Sherlock bit back his disappointment at that time was limited, and he didn't want to waste it, dragging himself back up through the shroud of another drug-induced haze. The roots of his hair throbbed as a ham-hard fist twisted into them so he could jerk his head to the side, exposing the long column of his neck for the needle. He felt it prick the skin, and it was through sheer force of will that he didn't yank the thing free and stab it into dear Jason's eyeball.
Anya scowled into her bag of crisps and shrugged her shoulders.
“When was the last time you ate John?” Mycroft questioned.
Sherlock hummed under his breath, calmed just by John’s response. Tucking his phone away in his pocket he took the steps down to the Underground, shoulder’s bowed in thought. Pulling his travelcard from his wallet he scanned it at the checkstation and stepped onto the Jubilee Line, letting the subway blitz him home.
Here the true depths of their operation could be seen. IV bags and soiled, filthy mattresses, the smell of rot and urine, and sometimes death. Though there were never bodies found that he knew of. Molly would have to assist him in analyzing the fluids inside of the IV bags, but he had a feeling they'd be a cocktail of downers and suppressants. Drugs to keep omegas calm. Docile even. Which, Sherlock knew, was difficult enough, much less holding back a dozen or more from subdropping from stress or, even worse, advancing into heat at the wrong moment.
A crackle of feedback jolted through their headpieces, and they both went silent, waiting for whoever was on the other line. Lestrade's grey eyebrows scrunched down into a tight knot of concentration, his hand shifted up to press the receiver against his ear as if that would make it easier for him to hear through the storm.
The words ring in his head, pounding like a dumbbell on his sinuses as he thinks of poor young August, with his none existent scent and the rancid odor of decay on his skin. That's what they were doing? Trying to remove secondary genders from existence entirely? Why? Alpha's, beta, and omega's were a meaningless subgenre of human existence, serving no real purpose but that of procreation. Even then, omega's were naturally falling to the wayside, their own evolutionary traits inhibiting their ability to reproduce, the same went for females and males. Without omegas the alphas would follow shortly after. It was evolution, it might take centuries, but it
Thanking Anya- who had outright refused to go into the building, but had lingered around to “Make sure you don’ do somfing stupid.”- he hailed a cab. Watching the girl disappear into the evenings darkening streets, he sighed and shook his head. He was getting nowhere by himself, and this only proved it. He could see the crime scene, but not the crime itself. He’d never had to try to interpret these things without Sherlock guiding him through it. He needed help, and he wasn’t about to let pride prevent him from finding the missing alpha.
John let out a watery snort, taking a moment to wipe his face with his sleeve. He could barely get his hand into the space between them but dared not ask Mycroft to move, not when he felt so damn unstable. “That’s a bit of a scuffle? Somebody is dead.”
Looking down at the moving figures below Sherlock found it a bit surprising that the lot of them were out in such force. Not once in his months of research had he actually found Eddington or his men in action. Were they getting more confident? There was evidence to point in that direction. First, there had been August, left behind in their haste to close up shop. Now, this? He considers it might be a matter of pressure. Pressure by him, pressure by Mycroft. Eddington is getting edgy, he is acting under duress and becoming sloppy in his attempts to cover his tracks.
August rubbed a shaking hand over his face, moaning. “They…they left-I hid.” He explained, to distress to get much out through his terrified chattering teeth. His eyes flickered over to a doorway on Sherlock's left, another closet, the open door streaked with messy handprints. “Please help, please, I need a doctor.” He croaked, voice cracking as he reached for Sherlock, fingers twisting in the lapels of the alpha’s jacket. His grip was shockingly strong, yanking Sherlock down to his level with ease.
There was blood everywhere, so much blood. “Oh god, John, no sweetheart.” Sherlock moaned, dropping to his knees beside the older man with a heartbroken sob. Desperately he reached out, covering the damage with his own hand. His fingers slipped in the mess of broken skin and blood and butted up against the torn, exposed tube of John’s trachea, pinched around damaged arteries.
The cabby mock bowed. “That’d be about right. Ain’t you scared?” He questioned, his American accent standing out in the London backdrop. He was grinning, a slow gleeful thing filled with malice. Oh, this one thrived on the fear, craved it, a sadist than.
They already had trouble enough on their hands, an unregistered gun shouldn’t add to the problem. Shuffling the contents of the drawer around to fill in the vacant space he closed the drawer and stepped out of the room, heading down the hall with one last glance around the house.
“Sugar?” Was Mycroft’s only response as he took up the teapot and emptied its belly into the matching cups. John shook his head, accepting cream and sighing in relief when he caught the familiar floral scent of black tea and not another one of the unusual concoctions Mycroft sometimes favored. His stomach rolled at the idea of one of those fruity mixtures, and he had to breathe through his mouth for a moment to calm his gag reflex. A couple of ginger digestives made their way onto the side of his saucer, and he eyed them dubiously before mumbling a thank you (his mother’s manners making themselves known again) and pulling the little plate closer until it sat comfortably in front of him.
“There’s another one upstairs, alive.” Maeve interrupted his musings.
“Yes well, that’s why Sherlock did not want you to be involved in this whole debacle in the first place.” Mycroft groused, his hand clenching at his umbrella as he looked up into the high lofted rafters of the building. The afternoon sun that glinted through the high windows gave him a tanned quality and highlighted the scowl on his lips.
Resisting the urge to shout into the phone at the imbecile, Sherlock brought up his recall of just hours before, with young Sebastian crumbled on the floor. Terrified. Every move he'd made had pulled at Sherlock's alpha instincts. But looking back now, Sherlock couldn't recall seeing anything wrong with him but a general layer of dust and ash. He'd been uninjured, terrified, certainly, but that could have been more for his safety at the hands of police than anything. It'd all been a ploy, a manipulation tactic used by Sebastian to try and get away with his crimes.
“You’re back!” The words were called over John’s shoulder as the microwave binged. He didn’t bother looking up from his task, so he probably missed the look on Sherlock’s face as he got an eye-full of a healthy, uninjured John Watson. Sherlock tutted in greeting, unable to get much else out past the swell in his throat. Depositing his shoes at the door and his coat on the rack calmed some of that jittery feeling in his chest. Running a hand through his hair he turned back to the kitchen just as John turned around from the microwave.
"Please, I just want to see my mother." He whimpered, eyes downcast. Lying, again. Why? Why would he lie about something like that? Dammit! Sherlock couldn't think through his wailing.
Sherlock patted his side for his cellphone and felt the bulk of it in his pocket. “I find that unlikely.” Sherlock scowled, taking a step back, eyes narrowing with suspicion. The man’s scent was masked in the falling rain, even his features hazed by the drops that clung to Sherlock’s lashes. Making Sherlock’s skills of deduction hindered by the weather.
-Baby has decided to make their presence known, John is a dense dunderhead though. Poor man
"Language John," Sherlock chuckled, watching those pupils expand, John's breath hitching beneath him as he slowly withdrew his fingers, leaving John gapping and open.
John was up ahead, his thin frame swaying as he stepped one foot in front of the other through the tall overgrown trail of browning grass. His movements were mechanical, his gun at his side, his head and shoulders rounded with exhaustion and malnutrition. The back of his shirt was damp and salt-stained from the afternoon sun beating down on them; it hung off one bony shoulder, exposing the soft skin their to the hot rays of the sun. On top of his head his bright mop of dirty-blond hair was tangled and still had leaves in it from where he’d attempted to sleep the night before. Sherlock was of the opinion that he probably hadn’t slept a wink. John rarely did these days, to haunted by death and fear. Sherlock left him to his own devices, stepping in only when the other man collapsed from sheer exhaustion. There was no room for petty squabbling now, not when just living was so damn hard.
"Ta." Sherlock watched John's fingers fiddle with the box of bandages before he began wrapping Sherlock up. "How are you doing that?"
Sherlock thought, pressing a large palm over his face, digging at his eyes with thumb and forefinger to rub away the salty crust that had lingered on his lashes since he’d watched the ambulance crew take young August away.
the Keeper!" Sherlock snapped, the pieces of the puzzle falling into place. Sebastian Fletcher. The omega was notable because he'd been the very first omega to be abducted. The very first. Sebastian wasn't a victim, or at least, he wasn't now. Somehow or another, the young omega had become the leader. That the only way any of this made sense!
Sherlock shifted his position, locking his ankles over John’s and grasping one hipbone. Without breaking eye contact, he bent lower and took hold of the base of John’s cock. John gasped deeply. Sherlock flashed his deadly teeth once more before putting his pink tongue out to deliver a heavy lick to the head.
to me, John. I love you more than I can say." Sherlock grasped John's shirt and pulled him down. He kissed John deeply. John moaned against Sherlock's mouth, pushing his fingers into his hair. After a few minutes, John pushed back reluctantly and sat up.
John puts one hand up to Sherlock's face. He is still holding one of Sherlock's hands.
“Why wouldn’t I have one?” When he spoke, John could feel the vibrations in his own chest.
" He gestured at the car with his right elbow.
He slipped out of bed, lit the candle, and retrieved their food supply and their water. He sat down on the edge of the bed and stroked Sherlock's forehead, smoothing his hair back. Sherlock opened his eyes. John stroked his hair again. "Good morning, dear heart."
The voice on the other end sounded confused. "John? It's Sarah."
He fell onto his side.
. A wave of relief flooded through Sherlock.
John was registering the fact that the man's accent was British. He realized he was just standing there holding his shoulder and staring mutely at the man. He blinked and rolled his shoulder a little. Then he smirked. "Are you sure you can get across in one piece?"
At last they approached Mike's farm. "There's the barn, Sherlock. You'll be safer if we stop there. I'll go on to the house before dawn to talk to Mike about the horses."
John broke away from Sherlock and put a hand on Greg’s cheek, locking eyes with him. Greg was visibly quivering.
sorry. I didn't mean to push you into anything you don't want."
"Promise me."
John tilted his head at Sherlock. "Okay, setting aside convincing them that I turn into a baritone when I have sex, you would have me tell them I moan my own name?"
" His hips twitched forward. "Sherlock, I'm -
Sherlock's eyes narrowed further. "You planning to stop wearing that old watch?" he asked hesitantly.
John put his hands up in surrender and grinned. "All right, my love, I'll never mention it again."
"Of course I did. I know
Sherlock:
"My brother is a musician as well. He's employed in Hamburg. I'm hoping to get his assistance in finding new employment."
John nodded again, still too overcome to speak. He put both hands into Sherlock's hair and pulled him down into a kiss. It was tender, but there was a current of heat under the sweetness.
John's body jerked backward like he'd been struck. His blood ran cold. "
exactly
If John was honest with himself, it had been the first interesting thing to happen to him in months.
Sherlock smiled wickedly. He put his finger against his lips. "
John ducked his head, his cheeks going a bit pink. He stopped the wagon outside a merchant's shop. "This one looks like it should have the salted pork. Do you want to stay up here in the seat, or get down?"
Sherlock ducked under a branch, his pack shifting against his back as he stood back up. Moonlight sparkled on the stream below. He made his way down and refilled his water skin. He picked his way across the stream by stepping on the higher rocks. Determined to put as many miles as possible between himself and his wretched brother's lackeys before dawn, he climbed the steep bank quickly. He braced his foot on a rock protruding from the side of the bank and hoisted himself farther up the hill. The rock gave way and fell.
." He surrendered, his hands now roving over Sherlock's body. He brought both hands up into Sherlock's hair and pulled him into a deep kiss. Then, still holding Sherlock's hair, he pulled back and grinned wolfishly. Sherlock shuddered.
Sherlock grinned. "Yes, that is one of those cliché questions."
When the music was finished, Sherlock locked eyes with John again during the applause. After Sherlock left the stage, John made his way through the crowd to the side door he'd found on Thursday. He felt out of place backstage among the musicians in their formal black and white.
Mrs. Hudson's attention drifted past John's shoulder. John turned quickly to see Sherlock standing in his doorway. He was in his blue silk robe, a worn gray t-shirt, and threadbare pajama pants. He was even paler than usual, his hair was a disaster, and he looked like he hadn't slept at all. John felt a fresh spike of pain in his heart.
"Hey, I can't take all the credit. You assisted." Such a modest fellow, this Colt, he had to hold back a laugh or risk appearing even madder.
All three of them stood still like deers caught in the headlights. John, because he had no clue who they were, and the other two were probably just as surprised, considering they hadn’t expected their prey to just sit himself out like a partridge on a platter.
Nini's Rambles:
"I'm never-" Sherlock choked as John shifted his hips beneath him, attempting to get comfortable. "-daft." John ignored him, instead lifting his head up for a kiss. Sherlock met his lips, sighing as he chased John's tongue into his mouth, lips dancing together with the damp tang of saliva. John gasped into his open mouth, spreading his legs wider to accommodate Sherlock's size and tilting his hips upwards. One leg moved to hook over Sherlock's shoulder again in a fascinating display of flexibility. Sherlock groaned his own approval as the new position eased him in deeper, the base of his cock pressing to John's tender skin. Sherlock settled his hands, one on John's hips the other on his leg to keep him supported where he wanted to be.
Settling in for the long haul, he was left with nothing but the annoying mutterings of Eddington's wayward buffoons and his thoughts. Worry laid itself heavy in his chest. Especially now, when his stillness took away any distractions, reminding him of his body's every ache and pain.
Rocking his hips John was the first to start them in that age-old rhythm, using Sherlock’s arms as leverage, until Sherlock joined in, meeting him thrust for thrust. He slid out to the tip, then pistoned his hips forward, deep into John with a sharp thrust. The new position had John welcoming him more eagerly. Sherlock dragged fingers down warm skin, biting them against John’s hips and gripping tight as he picked up the pace, thrusting into John with slow deep drives of his cock. Slick spilled from within the omega, staining the sheets and filling the air with the heady scent of John.
John felt his face turning into a dark scowl of fierce anger as he looked between the man’s hands and his placating gesture. “What the fuck was that, huh?” He shouted, rolling his shoulders to ease the sharp ache.
They moved and touched and explored each other with eager strokes and skilled hands until both of them were panting and gasping for more. Until the former army captain was left an unthinking mess under his hands, moaning and keening exactly how Sherlock wanted him.
"Lovely." The words spill from Sherlock's lips before he even thoughts it through. John blinked, and a bright flush stained across his cheeks, a shy smile tugging the edge of his lips even as his deep blue eyes flashed away.
Undoing his own trousers, he let them fall to the ground near John's briefs, his undergarments, and socks following moments later. John purred his approval, the scent of arousal biting sharp and warm in the air, his eyes lingering over Sherlock's exposed body. Sherlock might have been thin for an alpha, but he knew that his cock more than made up for it. A thick, proud strain of muscle that bobbed in the slight chill of the bedroom. Moving in time with John, he enveloped his cock with one large hand, working his fingers up the length, following the rhythm of John's hand on his own cock. His thumb lingered over the had of his cock, pressing against the sensitive underside. John, wad unabashedly curious, his mouth falling open as he watched Sherlock touch himself.
“I think you like being romanced.” Sherlock shoved off the door frame with his shoulder, left hand shoving an errant curl of hair off his forehead as his right reached for the bottle. Looking into John’s eyes he brought the bottle to his lips. His adam’s apple worked as he swallowed down a liberal mouthful, the burn of the alcohol heating its way down into his empty belly. John’s eyes latched onto the movement of his throat then slid downward as Sherlock set to work on the buckle of his belt, slipping the leather through the buckle until it came undone. Sherlock thrived from the other man's eyes on him, his own eyes going dark and eager.
Mycroft settled into a settee with graceful ease, his ankles crossing and palms clasped together. The lower position put John only slightly at ease, his instincts raging at being in someone else's territory. His instincts had been doing that far too often recently. He could hardly leave the house now without his instincts shrieking at him to find his alpha, which was ridiculous. Mostly because he didn't fucking have one! John had always preferred being an unmatched omega. So this new discomfort was a damn mystery. Sherlock wasn't his alpha. They weren't bonded. The only label John could think of calling them was best friends and one time lovers.
There was a scuffle of movement in the dark, a whimper that would have sent those with a lesser spirit running. Heart jolting in his chest, Sherlock turned the beam toward the movement, twisting his wrist until the torchlight landed on a small figure crumbled in the corner of the room.
