fun of him, but that’s a question for another time. The nervous butterflies that show up whenever he thinks about the bet are swarming around his stomach again.
They take a lap around the yard until they run into Kevin and Garth. Kevin is wearing a gorilla costume, and Garth is decked out in army fatigues. “What? I look good in uniform,” he says when Dean chuckles at the idea of skinny Garth trying out for any of the armed forces.
Castiel rolls his eyes. “So?” He likes to firm up his weekend plans as early as possible, because even the thought of too much alone time gives him anxiety.
Castiel wanted to wait to start eating his own dinner, because he had some important news to share with Dean. He’d been offered a job today, and he wanted to celebrate. He also needed to drink a bit in order to ask the burning question that had been on his mind for days now. What was going to happen to their relationship when he started working? Would Dean even want to keep seeing him when he moved out? He took a sip of his wine to try and calm his nerves.
Dean booked it out of the tent before anyone could see him and ducked into an overgrown bush for cover.
They spent the next thirty minutes laughing and chasing each other around the park. To the other people enjoying their Sunday afternoon outdoors they probably looked like a typical family unit: Alpha, omega, and pup. If only they knew.
They still manage to hold their heads high for the rest of the day. Castiel can feel some of the boys making mental notes on what they’re wearing, and he can’t wait for Monday when people come to school dressed up like they all went shopping at Salvation Army.
. He gasped and turned around briefly, instinct urging him to help, but he knew there was nothing he could do. The two most important people in his life had been in that car with him, and now all he had left was his pup.
“Well I got beaten any time I acted too masculine, so I picked up on how to fake it fast.” He laughs humorlessly.
“I have another idea,” Dean sounds a bit more confident this time. “If we really want to make an impression, I think we should all go shirtless. With just the leather pants and wings for the angels, tails and horns for the demons.”
“Sorry, I didn’t see you there.” It’s Lisa from the spin-the-bottle game. Dean had thought she was attractive from across the circle, but she's even prettier up close. She seems out of breath like she’d just been running from something. “We didn’t officially meet. I’m Lisa.”
Gadreel turns to face him with a smile on his face. “Actually, I can fool you, because I’ve done it before.”
“Like I said, I think we can help each other,” Dean started. “You need money, and I need a ride out of here.” He gestured towards Castiel’s Prius—the same Prius Dean had endlessly made fun of him for driving, and now he wanted a ride in it? He’d definitely forgotten him. It wasn't surprising, because Castiel was generally very forgettable.
Dean tries his best not to make his voice sound bitter. “We co-hosted it. I live right over there.” He points towards the guest house.
The next chapter will also be in Castiel's POV. I also want to clarify that Castiel didn't have a romantic relationship with Mary, they were just friends.
“Why did you need to go to the doctor?” Castiel asks with a smirk. He wants Crowley to have to admit that the doctor excuse was a lie.
“She was on the ground, Mistress,” Castiel says with a straight face. “She said she fainted.” He doesn’t like lying, but sometimes it’s necessary. He has absolutely no idea what Ofal could’ve been doing on the ground in the closet like that, but after her interrogation a couple weeks ago, she should know to be more careful what she does.
Castiel shot a nervous glance towards Dean. It took him only a second to realize Castiel must've been worried how he would react to his friend being openly gay since he was from Kansas. Dean knew people in the south had a certain reputation, and he might dress like a country boy, but he hated that Castiel assumed he was intolerant. Especially since he was actually bi.
TW: There is a su*cide in this chapter. It’s not a main character, and I tried not to make it too graphic. It is a bit shocking though so I thought I should put a trigger warning for it.
Dean grabs the magazine that’s being offered to him, but then he immediately puts it down on the table. “It’s forbidden,” he says, looking down.
For the remainder of the drive the boys stayed quiet, and Castiel did his best to ignore his new neighbor sitting next to him. The second part was hard though. As much as he wanted to ignore Dean, some part of his brain couldn't help being fascinated by him. That made no sense. Dean was a loser. Castiel pulled out his cellphone and began typing out a message to their group chat.
Dean pauses for a while because he’s not sure what the right thing to say is. Should he be honest and say he’s freaking out? Or should he play it cool? “I guess it’s a little strange,” he says, hoping that’s the right answer.
Alistair looks up at him, somewhat puzzled, before going back to dealing out the cards. “Yes, I took German in high school.” The room lapses back into silence while Dean thinks about what this means.
Castiel knows he could talk to Gabriel, and he’d understand. For some reason that feels like it’d be giving up though. What he really wishes is that he could take back some of the control he’s lost in his life by taking control in the bedroom. Few people know this, but Castiel used to be pretty heavily involved in the BDSM scene in Chicago. That all changed when he got married. He loves his wife, but her sexual appetite has always been pretty vanilla. He knew that going into their marriage, and he’d never want to change her, but he can’t deny that he’s missed being able to act out on his fantasies.
The wife sits down next to her on the step and is silent for a few moments. Jo continues looking out across the street. Her new posting is a few houses down from the first house she stayed at, but she can just make out Dean’s house from here. She watches their driver, Castiel, as he washes Commander Rolston’s car. He’s out there a lot. Jo wonders what sorts of things he overhears as omegas and betas pass by on the sidewalk.
It only took about ten minutes before Gabriel was back carrying a syringe filled with a pink liquid. “Here,” he said, handing the syringe to Dean.
Those words feel like an ice pick to the heart, but Castiel respects the omega’s wishes. When his knot goes down a few minutes later, Ofal quickly fixes his clothes and leaves the loft without looking back.
This is the first time that Dean has been on the list. If someone had asked him two months ago if he’d be considering getting Dean a Christmas gift, the answer would’ve been no-freaking-way, but things are different now. Castiel feels like the two of them are actually friends now. Dean is really funny and smart and stubborn and cute, although Castiel likes to pretend to himself that he doesn’t notice that last part.
Now that the initial shock has worn off, Castiel refuses to look defeated in front of this many people. Especially not in front of Crowley. Instead, he walks towards the boxes to take a closer look at them. This isn’t fair. They’d worked so hard on this campaign, and they’d even had to completely start over after their first set of posters got trashed!
“Please tell me you haven't been here for the past six years, Charlie,” Blue said before sitting down and putting his feet up on the table. Dean assumed they knew each other really well since he was making himself at home, and Charlie apparently also knew his real name.
“Wow, it’s pouring down like a hurricane today isn’t it?” The doctor asks conversationally as he sits down in the chair and picks up his clipboard. “So I hear you fainted?”
“Hey, Dean, it’s… Cas. Just wanted to let you know what tomorrow’s Sleepover Activity is. Ready?” There’s a momentary pause. “I was thinking we could decorate denim jackets. Fun, right? I’m buying some special paint and some patterns for us to use, so bring a few pairs of those navy and green jackets you have. I know you have them, so don’t fake-forget and then act all ‘I’m Dean and I’m too cool for crafting’ tomorrow.” Castiel chuckles. “Okay, talk to you later!”
He looks over and sees that Castiel is actually pointing at the angel figurine on his dresser. Dean feels his throat constrict. “It belonged to my mother,” he says quietly, walking closer to Cas. “She died when I was ten.” Dean picks up the figurine and holds it reverently. “She always used to say angels were watching over us before she’d tuck us in at night.” His eyes tear up at the memory.
He wondered if it had been hard for Dean when he came out. He was obviously proud about being gay like Balthazar was if his over-the-top wink in the car earlier had been anything to go by. Still it must’ve been hard for him coming to terms with his sexuality in the south where people were more outward about their intolerance. He realized the other boys were waiting expectantly for him to answer Balthazar’s question and that he shouldn’t care in the first place if it had been traumatic for Dean to come out as gay.
“Look, you want a cell phone. I want a boy/girl Halloween party. Follow my lead, and we’ll both get what we want.”
Dean thought to himself while he watched Castiel stumble around the yard trying to avoid the muddy areas. Benny was talking to him about how he was planning on trying to ask Andrea out this weekend, but Dean wasn't really listening. He was more interested in what Castiel might be talking to his friends about on the other side of the dance floor. Whatever it was, they all laughed.
There was another pause. “It’s not him,” Sam said determinedly. “I mean, it might be him, but it’s not
“I noticed.” Dean stood in front of the bed awkwardly. This wasn’t new to either of them, but for some reason they both seemed to be weirdly nervous about sharing a room. Dean wondered if Blue had noticed how clingy he’d been recently. Maybe it made him uncomfortable.
He takes a sip of his and closes his eyes as he feels the burn go down his throat. He feels like his heart is up in his throat. He doesn’t know how he’s going to be able to get through this. Dean must be able to see how nervous he is, because he pats him on the back encouragingly.
He didn't want to be caught talking to her alone. Everyone knew both of them were close with Dean, and it wouldn’t look good for them to be seen together right now. He managed to make it back to his desk without anybody noticing his absence. He wished he could feel relieved, but his mind was reeling with the new information that Dean had been loaded up with untested narcotics for who knew how long, and he'd never told him. What else didn't he know about his brother?
The limo grows suddenly quiet. Balthazar and Gabriel both look out the window with small blushes on their cheeks. Gabe continues to nervously eat his candy bar, and Balthazar picks at his cuticles. Dean can tell they’re both thinking of the way they’d treated Cas recently when he hadn’t actually betrayed them. He would’ve felt guilty too, except he’s not angry at Cas for spilling his secrets. He’s angry at him for trying to sabotage his relationship with Lisa and for all the horrible things he’d said to Crowley about him when he was acting like Dean’s new best friend. Those reasons aren’t ever going to change. Dean watches as Balthazar and Gabriel both take their phones out and start furiously typing. He knows exactly who they’re talking to and what they must be saying.
Suddenly, Novak stopped talking completely. Dean looked over at him, and he was staring straight ahead at the road with a pinched-up expression on his face like he was angry about something.
When Ofal steps into the car, he doesn’t acknowledge her. After his meeting with Azazel the other night, he realized he needs to clamp down on whatever these feelings he’s forming are. He can’t afford them right now. It’s not safe.
Charlie knew Benny was in Paris now, because the bank pins they'd implanted in the Letters’ hips also functioned as trackers. That was the only reason Dean had been able to avoid being captured for so long. Since he removed his implant, they had no way of tracking him. The Letters had no idea there were tracking devices in the implants, but Dean must’ve figured it out somehow.
“Uh, I think it might be too late for that,” Jessica says quietly, pointing at the TV. Bobby picks up the remote and unmutes it. On the screen is live news coverage from outside the house where the third bomb was detonated. “This is just a local station, but the bigger news outlets caught wind of it, and now it’s everywhere.”
Castiel jumps onto Dean’s bed and pats it for him to join him. Dean panics for a moment, thinking about what would happen if John walked in, but then realizes he’s being silly because nothing is going on between him and Castiel in the first place.
“Bonjour,” he said cheerfully when it was his turn. The woman at the counter had red hair and freckles. Dean had a feeling that in an earlier time, he might have actually pursued something with her, but today his flirting was simply a means to an end. His head was fully consumed with Cas. “J’ai besoin de laissez-passer de deux jours pour le train s’il vous plait?”
“Dean…” His emotions are warring inside of him. On the one hand, he’s surprised and elated to find out Dean actually likes him back, that this isn’t one sided, but on the other hand he knows he shouldn’t pursue this even though he wants to. It wouldn’t be right. “I’m old enough to be your father.” He hopes Dean can understand how messed up that is.
“Umm, I’m going to clean up, but you can go ahead and go to sleep. You look tired,” Blue said and then stepped into the bathroom, closing the door behind him.
Blue paused for another moment, and Dean turned to look at him. “I’m sorry, I’m really not supposed to be telling you about any of this.”
Castiel tried to interrupt him to calm him down. They couldn’t draw too much attention to themselves. “Dean, they said—”
Jo rushes through the halls of the Miami police department trying to find Gabriel. She’d seen the Unit Chief about thirty minutes ago, but now he’s all but disappeared. All of the cops she’s asked haven’t seen him either. Jo knows he wouldn’t just leave the precinct without letting her know, but where is he?
“You have had plenty of time to reschedule your plans,” Naomi spoke slowly as if Castiel was a child unable to understand the concept of time. “Mr. Winchester was your father’s childhood best friend, and he and his family are moving all the way from Kansas so he can work at the firm. While they’re looking for a home, they will be living in our guest house, and since you’re our son, it is important for you to be here when they arrive.”
“Get up,” Mistress Abbadon ordered just as he was sitting down. He stood back up immediately. “I don’t want to ever see you unless it’s absolutely necessary, do you understand?”
“Hey!” Ofluke greets them, pushing a stray piece of dark brown hair back under her bonnet. “Did you see they have peaches?” Her real name is Meg. He knows that because the two of them were in Purgatory at the same time. Of course, he’s not allowed to use her real name anymore. Just like she’s not allowed to use his.
Kevin and Benny started talking about Castiel and about how out of character it was for him to pay any attention to anyone outside of his crew, especially a new kid. “No offense meant, brother!” Benny assured him even though Dean was barely paying attention. He was too busy watching Castiel stand up fluidly immediately followed by the other three boys.
The room is almost completely silent now aside from the sound of their footsteps, and it’s freaking Castiel out. He pulls a chair over from the table next to theirs and sets it up on the side next to him. Since their table is only meant for four people, it’s going to be a tight squeeze. Dean sits down awkwardly and the other boys nod at him in greeting.
“Then tell me this, and I’ll drop it.” Dean looked at the ground to avoid a massive puddle in the middle of the road. “Are you on the level?”
Please read the tags. This fic is going to have lots of instances of rape or extremely dubious consent. If that is a trigger for you, skip ahead to the paragraph that starts with "He changes into his sleep clothes..."
When he steps inside the house, he’s immediately greeted by Abbadon. She actually looks worried. She must’ve heard about the incident at the market somehow. “I heard there was a problem at the market,” she starts. That’s the biggest understatement ever. “Are you alright?”
For one stupid second Dean wanted to follow him, but he knew he couldn't. This wasn't the time for a potential hook-up. The cops were outside, and it was only a matter of time before they were allowed inside to arrest him for whatever it was they were chasing him for. He felt eyes on him again, so he left the line and started trying to head to the back of the building.
“Oh, you mean…” Dean started, and Castiel blushed. “Cas, you know I’ve had a fun time with you, and I enjoy you staying here…” He could sense a huge ‘but’ coming. “But,” Dean sighed. “I don’t do relationships.”
A car horn honked as he waited at the back of the line for their tickets. The movie theater was packed tonight. Charlie appeared by his side out of breath.
Cas seems to be catching on because suddenly Dean feels fingers scratching lightly on the back of his neck. He groans in response and lets his tongue swipe across the seam of Cas’s lips. He feels the other boy open up for him, so he gently pushes his tongue in to meet Cas’s. He feels more than hears the moan that elicits. He pushes closer so their chests are pressed together, but he makes sure to keep his hips back. His first thought is that it’s weird that Cas’s chest is hard when he’s used to only kissing girls, but he immediately finds he likes it.
“Charlie, get me the names of everyone who has accessed that message board within the last month,” Sam says. There’s a good chance their unsub will have posted on that site.
The gym of whatever old high school the new regime had converted into the Purgatory Training Center was set up for their next lesson with a circle of beds in the middle of the otherwise empty room. The omegas filed into the room in an orderly fashion all looking around in confusion at what could be in store for them today.
I'm in the process of moving right now as well as applying for graduate school, but I hope to have more time to write in the coming weeks so I'll be able to start updating my other fics as well.
Gabriel turns around to look at him, a smirk on his face. “Winchester, you aren’t afraid to go out in the field when we’re dealing with a bomber are you?”
“Sam,” she greeted him quickly. “I’ve been listening to the police scanner all day, and it looks like the Parisian police just found Novak’s Prius.”
His heartrate continues to increase the longer it takes. At any second he expects to feel a painful intrusion, but it never comes. He desperately wants to look backwards at the Alpha, but he hasn’t been given permission to move yet. Maybe the Commander is having a hard time getting it up? The sounds of him jacking himself off quicken and then stop. Alistair lets out a big sigh, and then Dean hears the sound of him getting dressed.
Dean sighs when he hears the town bell ring twice to signal it’s time for the omegas to do their shopping. They live their lives to a series of bells and commands, and he’s more than tired of it. He gets up and dumps his empty bowl into the sink to wash it. He feels Castiel move to stand behind him, and he shivers.
“What did you and Ofmarv talk about on these walks?” The Guardian asks. His tone is conversational as if he’s asking questions to get to know someone on a first date. That’s almost creepier than if he was being outright hostile.
“Alright, there’s a window on the south side of the first floor that’s broken. You’re small enough that you should be able to squeeze through. The guys won’t see you if you exit that way.” Dean was dumbfounded. Raiders never let people go and definitely not without taking all of their valuables first. The man tilted his head in confusion probably wondering why he wasn’t running.
“Did families really used to live all on top of each other like this?” Dean asked, pointing to how the houses are lined up in rows right next to each other. He figured Blue might know the answer since he was interested in history like his mom used to be. He wondered if that was where Blue learned all of this.
He focuses all of his attention on the feeling of Dean’s chest rising and falling slowly under his cheek. He can hear Dean’s heart beating a steady rhythm that matches the calmness of his breaths. Castiel can feel himself calm down slowly, his muscles starting to relax. “That’s it,” Dean says, and Castiel thinks he feels the soft press of lips to his hair but he can’t be sure.
The next morning Castiel enters the main house on his way to the kitchen to grab some coffee. He used to grab coffee right when he woke up, but since he found out that Benny makes Ofal’s breakfast at nine, he’s started waiting until then so he has the excuse to see her. It’s pathetic.
Castiel’s cellphone starts buzzing. This is not the best time, but he looks at the caller I.D. and sees that it’s Dean. “Novak,” he answers. He’s keeping one ear open to hear what’s happening on Gabriel’s end and one on what Dean is starting to tell him.
Ruby seemed trustworthy, but she'd only been running with them for about half a year. That wasn't nearly enough time for Castiel to get an accurate read on her. Right now it was even harder for him to trust people since they were surrounded by so many different raider factions. There was a lot of crossover between the different groups. Some members used to know each other from before, or they were members of one group before switching to another. Even though each garrison worked independently and had its own rules, there still was a general sense of comradery between the different groups.
“Do you know him well?” Dean wondered if he could get Meg to reveal anything about his mysterious captor.
There was a pause on the other end of the line. “Sam, I’m not sure that you do,” Charlie said sympathetically. “Dean is in a romantic relationship with Castiel Novak, and he backed out of his mission to kill Lucifer Morningstar, Castiel’s cousin. It’s clear the two of them have known each other longer than a couple of days. I mean, it looks like...”
Dean was surprised to find that Cas was pretty muscular under his thick sweater. He deepened the kiss while his hands played along the waistband of Cas’s jeans. Those hipbones should be illegal. His imagination ran wild with all of the possibilities before he was distracted by Cas breaking the kiss to nuzzle into his neck.
He and Dean were both standing up facing each other at this point. Sam looked in between the two of them trying to stifle his laughter. Castiel wasn’t sure what was so funny, but he hated being on the outside of anything, even if that something was an inside joke between Dean and his little brother. “What are you laughing at, you gangly dork?”
He looks over at Castiel and can tell that the other boy is affected by what he’s shared with him. “I’m sorry, Dean,” he says genuinely.
Two days later Dean gets to the office a bit late. The first thing he notices is that Jo isn’t at her desk across from his when he puts his stuff down. Sam is getting his desk set up for a day of paperwork. Dean would like to procrastinate from having to start his own paperwork as long as is possible. He looks up towards Milton’s office, but the light is off. Then his eyes immediately are drawn to Novak’s office next door. The light is on and the door is cracked open so Dean figures that means he’s allowed to go on up. He knocks on the door frame to let Castiel know he’s there and then steps inside.
When he gets upstairs to his bedroom he notices that Sam is inside sitting on his bed. “Hey,” Dean says, dropping his things on the floor by his desk.
Castiel drives them to the rental car lot. It’s not that far away so it only takes a few minutes to get there. He parks them in a side parking lot where they still have visual on Alfie, but the unsub most likely won’t notice them. The two of them watch as Alfie’s car pulls into the lot.
“Yeah, different somehow,” Castiel taps his chin like he’s thinking about something. Gabriel shoves him playfully. He looks at Crowley to see if he’s noticed Brady’s obviously surgically enhanced face, but if he does, he doesn’t show it.
“Keep it,” she smiles. “You can use it when you take me out to dinner and a movie sometime.” His eyes widen, but she just winks and skips off to meet up with her friends as they’re about to leave. He is in way over his head.
After about a dozen calls, he hung up the phone and stepped out of the booth to see Cas leaned up against the wall of whatever building they were standing outside of. He looked surprisingly calm. Dean wondered if that meant he was starting to get used to being on the run or if it was a carefully controlled façade he was trying to project.
When they got to the front entrance, the Guardian standing by the door held his hand up to stop them. “Where are you taking this omega?” He asked.
He was with the first one for only two months, but it didn’t work out. The old man could barely get it up. When he got to his new house, he sat down on the living room couch while Mistress Abbadon explained the rules. Most of them were the same as his old place, so he wasn’t concerned about struggling to follow them.
“Sometimes we walk down by the river,” he answers innocently. Why is he getting interrogated by the household driver of all people?
When the bell rings Castiel packs up his things in a daze. He’s not sure what he’s more disturbed by, the fact that he was dreaming of trashing his bedroom with Dean in the least sexy way possible, or the fact that over the course of a forty minute lecture, he thought of Dean Winchester as 'cute' twice.
“Vy dumayete, chto ya polnyy durak?” Castiel muttered under his breath in Russian. Did Dean think he was a fool?
He takes as many lung-fulls of crisp autumn air as he can in the short distance down the sidewalk to where the car is parked. Castiel opens the back door for him, and he gets into the car immediately resting back against the plush seat. He looks up when Castiel gets into the driver’s seat. Mistress Abbadon opens the passenger side door and for a horrifying second Dean thinks she’s planning on accompanying them to the hospital. She just reaches inside the door to raise the partition up between Castiel and the backseat.
Castiel sees Ofal close her curtains, and he’s glad. He doesn’t want to see her anxious face anymore. Not when he knows who she’s going to be with in a few minutes.
He stands up from his place at the head of Table 17, which has been their table in the cafeteria since freshman year, and chucks his half-eaten wrap in the nearest trash can. “We have to clean up this mess,” Castiel says, gesturing towards the wrapping paper and ribbons littering the table. “There’s no room to eat.”
The man huffed in annoyance. “But you’re not talking,” he said. “I’m talking to myself. You haven’t said anything since we left Zurich until now.”
“Of course, we have Thanksgiving,” John says neutrally, but Dean can hear the anger simmering below the surface. He’s not drunk since they’re guests here, but that doesn’t mean he won’t lash out. Dean needs to do something to ease the tension.
“Whatever,” Meg says. “Guided by his Howl.” She and Ofuriel stand up and head in the direction of their houses.
He felt Castiel turn to look at him, and then he must've noticed that they were heading full speed towards a flight of stairs going down at the end of the alley. Cas started screaming and didn't stop until they’d crashed and bounced down to the bottom. Dean wasn't sure how, but the tires were somehow still all functioning. He put the car in drive again from where he’d switched it to a lower gear, and he was able to drive back onto the street. The only sign of anything wrong with the car was the metallic thud as it lost its back bumper.
“I was going to bring it to my office. I put them on shelves on my wall,” Mr. Nichols says hoarsely. “That’s the last thing I remember.”
It'd been a few years since Castiel had really shown that side of himself, and it probably scared her. It scared him too, but he didsn't have time to let that fear in at the moment. Especially when he might need to use that dark side of himself again in the near future to keep his group and Dean safe. A lot was going to depend on how this confrontation with Alistair went tonight.
“Oh Dean, would you like to dance?” Benny batted his eyelashes and held his hand out for him to take.
“I heard, cher,” Benny says with a chuckle. “So now I have to do my chores as well as yours.” At first he thinks Benny is mad, but he looks up and sees that the beta has a small smile on his face to show he’s only joking.
“Alright. You wait here and cover me then,” Blue ordered before jogging off towards the building to start checking the bodies. Dean wasn't sure what he was going to find, but ghouls did sometimes pick shiny things up that they saw on the road. Sometimes they still had whatever the original person was carrying when they got turned into a ghoul. That was one of the creepiest things to Dean—these were real people at one point. They could’ve been alive during the time of the Great War and turned into ghouls by the radiation, or they could’ve been alive during his time and were unlucky enough to get bitten and turned. Either way it was creepy, and Dean shivered despite the fact that it was pretty warm out tonight.
In an impulse decision he puts on his angel costume, admiring how good he looks in the black leather pants. It’s Friday and it’s the day before Halloween. Surely he should be allowed to wear his costume to school. Inias honks the horn again, and Castiel quickly grabs Crowley’s, Gabriel’s, and Balthazar’s costumes before he rushes out the door. He’s in such a hurry that he forgets to grab Dean’s costume. Or at least that’s what he’ll tell his mother.
He’s about to sneak back into the bedroom when he hears a light knock on the door. “Are you okay, honey?” Amelia asks. Castiel sighs. Amelia has been so patient with him the past couple days. She’s been understanding about his recent set back in his recovery. The nightmares, the aversion to touch, the anxiety… it’s all putting a strain on their relationship, but she’s been so patient and forgiving with him.
When Castiel stepped into the lobby of the fancy hotel, Dean’s words immediately came back to him. The sound of his voice in his head was comforting, and the instructions kept him calm as he walked towards the front desk.
“He fits the profile,” Jo says. “His work in the criminal justice system would give him enough knowledge of law enforcement to take forensic countermeasures against getting caught.” She has to walk quickly to keep up with Castiel’s longer legs. “And did you see them?”
Dean changes the topic. “What are you going to tell them?” He motions towards the bedroom door. The clatter of all those dishes breaking had to have been heard downstairs. He’s honestly surprised nobody came rushing up to check on them. If Benny were here, he probably would’ve.
“You’re not going to be one of those guys who starts dating someone and immediately forgets about his friends, are you?” Castiel asks harshly.
“Before we begin, can everyone please silence their cell phones?” Principal Richings pulls out an envelope and prepares to read the results.
“The guy at the boat place knew me as Dean Michael Cain.” He was still shuffling through the papers. “I definitely have to be Cain, but I’m also Winchester. This is insane.” Finally, Dean looked up as if he was noticing him sitting there for the first time. “This is all boat stuff.” He gestured to the papers spread out in front of him. “Blueprints, security camera systems, layout, everything.”
“You have to help him,” Sam said quietly, and Charlie stiffened. “It has to be you. I can’t do anything. They’re watching me constantly.”
Dean knows how hard this job can be especially at the very beginning. That’s not even counting the traumatic incident Novak had been involved with six months ago and the fact that he’d had to re-live that incident all over again on their last case with Gadreel. Dean is impressed with how he’d handled that situation. Sam told him all about it when they’d gotten back home. He knows that if their roles had been switched, Dean probably would’ve lost his badge and been arrested for assault. He can’t imagine what it must’ve been like for Novak to have to admit defeat in front of Gadreel and take responsibility for killing all of those agents, even though every agent can agree it wasn’t his fault.
Dean hears her sharp intake of breath before she says, “I’m on it,” and quickly hangs up the phone. He still feels Novak’s eyes on him, but when he turns to meet those blue eyes, he doesn’t see any annoyance in them. Castiel’s face shows some unidentifiable emotion before he quickly schools his expression into his usual robotic mask.
I'm starting to add timestamps so it's easier to tell the difference between the present day and Castiel's flashbacks.
“I can see you watching me,” Castiel says without turning his head. Dean blushes at being caught staring.
“Yeah, but if that wins this for them, I’ll strangle him with his own tie,” Castiel mutters. Dean laughs, but immediately tries to cover it up with a cough when he realizes Cas is being serious.
Once Dean and Charlie got off of the bridge they ran down the street looking for any building they could hide in. The crowd was a bit thinner over here because most protesters were trapped on the bridge. If Dean hadn’t moved them to the sidewalk when he did, they might not have been able to get out of there.
“Why do they need our help?” Castiel asks, turning towards Gabriel. One fatality in a seemingly run-of-the-mill hostage situation isn’t normally something the FBI would immediately be called in to handle.
“I’m trying to trust you, but you have to give me something,” Dean pleaded softly. He knew he shouldn’t trust the man who kidnapped him, regardless of the fact that he'd generously given him a bottle of medication or the fact that his smile caused his stomach to do flips. He was the enemy. He wasn't a friend.
Bobby and Sam start cutting slices of cake to pass around, and Dean tries to compose himself. Seemingly out of nowhere Castiel says quietly, “It’s incredible that he knows as much as he knows when he’s only twenty-five.” Once again he’s standing way too close, and Dean can’t help but shiver a bit at the sound of Castiel’s low voice that close to his ear.
His back protested his sudden movements, but he tried his best to stay conscious and stable on his feet. “What water?” He gasped in pain.
Castiel shrugged Dean’s hand off of his shoulder. He hadn’t intended to do it that forcefully, but when he opened his eyes and saw the hurt expression on Dean’s face, he felt slightly awful. “Dean,” he sighed. “I just can’t okay?” Dean nodded but didn’t say anything. He looked absolutely miserable, and Castiel hated himself. Dean had been nothing but trusting and kind with him, even when he had every reason to hate him. He stuck by him when he could’ve gone to the Brotherhood of Steel for help,
“Let me guess, he’s been treating you like his best friend now. You study and listen to music together. He confides in you. You came up with silly rhyming nicknames to call each other whenever you say goodbye. You share secrets with each other as a way to build trust within the group. Any of this sounding familiar, Dean-o?” Dean feels like there’s ice shooting through his veins. “It’s what he does, Dean, and he’s the master at it. He can make you feel really special, but the truth of the matter is that he doesn’t care about you, and I can prove it.”
Castiel closes his eyes as the guilt washes over him. Gabriel might not think it’s his fault, and the FBI might not think it’s his fault, but he knows the truth. It was his fault. It was his call. He was in charge of making the decision, and he chose wrong. He won’t make that mistake again.
The other three boys leaned over simultaneously to get a look at Dean’s shoes, and Castiel bit his cheek to keep from laughing at how obvious they were being. Dean had to know they were talking about him. Then again, Dean seemed to be ignoring him in much the same way as he was trying and failing to ignore Dean. He would just have to try and ignore him harder. He couldn't let Dean get an upper hand on him.
“That’s good. When your appointment was made, your household staff put a note in that it’s rutting day, is that correct?”
He hears the doctor leave the room, but his heart-rate is starting to pick up speed after what just happened. The implications of what the doctor had told him combined with his unwanted touch triggers a full blown panic attack. Dean is barely able to get off of the examination table and put his clothes back on before the Guardian comes back inside the room to escort him out of the building.He can feel the Guardian helping to support him as they walk to the front desk. While the Guardian goes over his file and treatment plan with the doctor, Dean feels his body zoning out.
“Oh. My. God.” Castiel exclaimed when Crowley finally came out through his gates. Inias and Dean both looked up to see what he was looking at. Crowley sauntered towards the car at his usual slow pace. He liked to make people wait for him because he thought he was worth it. It had always annoyed Castiel, who prefered to walk quickly, but he did respect Crowley’s reasoning.
“Because you covered them up in newspapers for some reason,” Dean rolls his eyes at him. Normally Castiel would try to say something mean to get back at Dean for that eye roll, but he’s too freaked out to bother. “You made yours pretty quickly,” Dean tries to comfort him. “You can probably start over.”
“This button will answer the call when it comes in,” Gabe explains. “This button will mute our side of the conversation, but we’ll still be able to hear whatever he says. We’ll be running a trace through the field office to try and figure out his location if he stays on the line long enough.”
Charlie handed him a device that showed a map of the Earth and had multiple blinking red dots on it. She showed him how to click on one of the dots. “That’s Cole,” she said, a guarded expression on her face.
When Inias pulled into the carpool drop-off, Castiel looked around to see if any of the other students were wearing cowboy clothes. Everyone looked the same as normal except for the four boys in the car with him. Now, he knew for sure that this had to have been an inside job. They stepped out of the car, and everybody started looking at them sideways. For the first time ever, Castiel looked like an outsider. He wondered if everyone staring at them right now was thinking that the boys must like Dean now more than him. He knew he’d be thinking that if he was one of the onlookers.
“Maybe. We also keep a database of all re-assembled bombs we’ve come across, so we can check this against those to see if we’ve run into this guy already.”
When he looks back up, he sees that Hester must’ve finished their costumes this morning because they’re all hanging up neatly in the closet. Three angel costumes and two demons. Crowley managed to find good looking wings at an online Halloween costume store. They’d paid extra to have them shipped here in time, but it was worth it. The red leather pants for the demon costumes have red tails sewn into the back of them. They look amazing!
The two of them are standing outside the gazebo, and the sun has mostly set behind them. “You’re the one who started this,” Castiel says. He doesn’t say it in a mean way, he’s just confused, but he notices Dean’s jaw clench.
“Who would?” Sam said between fake coughs, and Dean shoved him away. The kid took off running up the stairs to his room. At least that got him out of earshot for the rest of this conversation.
“You have five minutes,” Balthazar answered the phone. Castiel could tell he was pissed, but he was glad he answered the phone to give them a chance to figure this out.
“Dean?” Cas’s concerned voice broke him out of his thoughts. “Where did you go just now? Did you remember something?”
“Ransom notes almost always warn against getting the police involved,” Jo says from her seat next to Dean. Castiel smiles encouragingly at her.
“I’m not sure,” Dean said. “But this is the same guy who was in the brochure that man gave me earlier at the yacht security place. Whoever he is, he must know what’s going on here.”
Castiel sighed. “I suppose one more can’t hurt.” He took the offered drink and decided to sip it more slowly. He was starting to feel a bit queasy, and he didn't want to throw up.
“I DON’T KNOW WHAT HAPPENED!” Dean shouted, causing him to jump. “I don’t know about that picture. I don’t know who is after me. I don’t know who I am!” Dean took a deep breath to try and calm himself down. “You’re acting like I’m trying to hurt you purposely, but I’m not,” he said more quietly. “I’m just trying to do the right thing.”
“Grinch?” Dean teases, shooting his signature smirk across the table at Castiel. He's sitting in Crowley's usual spot. Castiel had asked Dean to sit with them today since Crowley's seat has been empty while they've been fighting.
“It’s okay, you can keep it,” He said and realized that he quite liked the idea of her wearing his hat around her school. Now he understood why couples always exchanged clothes in romantic movies. In a cheesy way, it felt like he'd given her a piece of him, and by the way she never stopped smiling, he assumed she felt the same way about it.
He gets up and walks quietly down the back stairs. It’s dark outside now, so he’s sure the rest of the house is asleep. He just hopes Castiel is still awake. He steps outside into the courtyard and shivers a bit. He’s unsure if it’s because of the cool night air or nerves. He keeps placing one foot in front of the other and walks towards the driver’s apartment. There’s nothing to be nervous about. He wants this, and he knows in his heart that Castiel does too.
“Well, if he wants to speak to this Supreme Entity, let’s give it to him,” Gabriel says. He gets back into the SUV and turns on the sirens. The rest of the team follows him. “Make sure you put on your sunglasses to look as official as possible.” Gabriel speeds up towards the stopped bus, leaving a trail of road dust in their wake. This should definitely get the unsub’s attention.
“My apologies, Ofal, this is a delicate topic.” The Guardian actually looks embarrassed. “Did she ever try to touch you?”
“Hey, you!” A male voice shouted. “Up here, on the balcony!” Castiel looked up towards the balcony on the third floor of the city hall. There was a man standing there who looked to be in his late forties to early fifties. “I’ve got a group of settlers hiding inside. The raiders are almost through our defenses, and we could really use your help! Grab that Laser Musket and come inside!” The man disappeared quickly back inside the building.
“When I told Benny we were hanging out, he told me about how you look at Dean in the cafeteria.” Now Anna was the one looking down at her hands. “It’s okay if you do, Castiel. There’s nothing wrong with that.”
He tiptoed to the cabinet where he knew his dad kept the liquor. Normally he wouldn’t do this, but tonight he needed a little liquid courage. He picked out a mostly-full bottle of tequila and reasoned that his dad probably wouldn't notice if it went “missing”. He walked over to the outdoor gazebo where they always held their sleepovers. This time of year when the weather was nice, they kept the walls open to let the breeze in. It was almost like going camping except the walls have screens on them to keep out the bugs.
“I heard that too,” Balthazar says. “How did all of these losers get your number in the first place?”
“Mmm, not yet,” Castiel responds in the fake accent. Dean sits perfectly still. He doesn’t want to miss a word. “That’s not why I’m calling.”
He came somewhat back down to himself as the two younger betas dragged his body between them back towards the dormitory where all of the omegas were sleeping. When he was brought in, all of the omegas sat up in their beds to see what happened. There must’ve been a lot of talk when he and Charlie tried to escape.
angry. Dean had no right to hate him, at least not for anything involving Mary. He hadn’t even given him a chance to explain himself. Dean didn’t know that Castiel had risked his safety and position to protect her. He didn’t know that Castiel had just done the same thing again to protect him. He took a deep, cleansing breath and then unlocked the door. He wasn't surprised to see that Benny was still sitting in the same chair and the door to his bedroom was still closed. He rolled his eyes and moved over to the cabinet to pull out some of that nasty boxed InstaMash. He turned on the cooking stove and filled up the pot with water from the sink. Then he opened up the box, poured the powder into the pot, and sat to wait for it to boil. He looked up at Benny who he noticed was staring at him. He raised his eyebrows in an invitation for the burly man to ask whatever was on his mind.
Jo gets into the car, and she must lock the door because the Guardians can’t get in from the outside. She immediately steps on the gas and starts racing around the market. People have to duck into stalls and jump out of the way to avoid being hit. The Guardians quickly move in with vans to keep her from being able to escape the Town Square. Once she’s boxed in, she stops the car and the Guardians start pounding on the window, yelling at her to unlock the car and step out of the vehicle.
Dean peeked his head around the wall to look at him. “That’s great, Cas!” Castiel couldn't help but feel a little sting at the unbridled enthusiasm in Dean’s voice. Of course, he needed to find a job, but part of him was hoping Dean would want him to stay longer or at least be sad at the possibility of him leaving. Dean walked over towards the couch with two plates full of food. “What’s wrong?” He asked, and Castiel flinched. Why were his emotions always so easy for people to read? Gabriel used to make fun of him about that all the time.
“It is,” Dick insisted. “Something had to have broken him out of it. There had to have been some element of behavior we didn’t account for.” He stopped talking for a minute to think. “Either that or he stopped taking the pills.”
Gabriel reaches his arm behind Castiel’s head to gently tug on his hair. Castiel in turn grips the back of Gabriel’s polo shirt collar. He has no idea what Mr. Death is going to say next, but he doubts it’ll be good.
He clamped down on his emotions, knowing there would be plenty of time to deal with those later. He picked his pup up into his arms and started running with her again. They could still make it. The cold Washington air caused his breath to come out in plumes as he panted. He felt the stitch in his side start to slow him down, but he kept running. Eventually it got to the point where he couldn’t physically run any further. His pup was a lot heavier than she used to be. He was no slouch when it came to the strength department—he was much more muscular than the average omega—but it got to be too much. He quickly found a cluster of trees and bushes that they could hide inside.
“I saw the two of you together earlier, and he’s barely stopped staring at you all lunch.” Dean resisted the impulse to look back at Castiel’s table to see if he was still staring. He didn't have to look anyways. The hairs on the back of his neck raising up are proof enough. Did this guy have no shame? He’d never met anyone who stared at people like that.
“Hi,” The red-head greeted him enthusiastically and opened the door to let them in. Inside the room it was a lot quieter than it was outside. This must've been where she stayed. She had a bed, a bathroom, and her own cooking station. The layout seemed similar to the room they were staying in upstairs.
Dean sighs again before standing up. Then the two of them walk towards where the other team members are waiting in the SUV to head back to the Quantico. Dean is really glad they’re only a quick drive away instead of a long flight. He’s ready to take some pain killers and pass out.
“No way!” Crowley stopped walking. “You’re beating Luke and Marv to the boy/girl Halloween party aren’t you?”
Normally Dean would give up, but he's tired of Castiel's hot and cold attitude towards him. “I was wondering if you could introduce us to some Hancock girls,” He points over to where Benny, Kevin, and Garth are standing.
Dean sits down at his desk in the bullpen and pulls out his lunch. This morning he’d made himself a supreme sandwich as he calls it. It’s supreme since it has three kinds of meat: turkey, ham, and bacon. He also adds one slice of lettuce to keep Sam off of his back about not eating enough vegetables. Sam insists that one piece of lettuce doesn’t count, but it’s green so Dean figures that’s good enough.
Dean cocked his gun and tried not to get distracted by Blue’s impressive display of skill as he quickly dispatched the three ferals that got through the door first. Dean saw another one starting to crawl through the doorway, so he aimed and fired until the ghoul dropped. Two more immediately followed it, and Dean was able to take down the first one while Blue took out the other one. Dean could feel the adrenaline pumping through his veins. He’d never had to fight ghouls before. His dad always taught him to either sneak past them or run to a place where he could hide until they got bored and left.
“Why do you think he started using a rope after the first murder?” That was a pretty basic question. Dean assumed Castiel knew the answer, but he was giving Sam and Jo a chance to come up with it themselves first. Dean might not be happy the guy was here, but he did respect him for that.
“No, that’s not what I meant,” Jo continues. “If he hasn’t blindfolded him, that means he’s probably not planning on letting him go. As soon as he gets that money—“
“He’s sleeping over at a friend’s house tonight,” Dean says, keeping himself in front of Sam’s bedroom door. “I thought I told you that.”
Dean didn’t know how long he’d been asleep when he was woken up a second time. Instead of being woken up by the silent sounds of Blue shuffling around in the dark, this time he was woken by the thrashing body next to him. He bolted upright. Blue was groaning and flailing his arms everywhere, and Dean immediately could tell he was having some sort of nightmare. He sat up and tried to grab hold of his arms, but the older man was moving around too quickly. He ended up catching an elbow to the face which stunned him momentarily before he was able to finally catch both of Blue’s hands in his own.
Dean pauses awkwardly for a second outside of Novak’s closed door. He sighs and figures he better get this over with. He knocks and waits until he hears Novak’s low voice say, “Come in,” to open up the door. Dean gives the office a casual once-over. This is the first time he’s seen it since Castiel joined the team. The walls are bare, and it seems like he hasn’t decorated the place much. There is a succulent on the desk along with a few framed pictures, but that’s about it.
“Dean.” He shakes hands with her, noticing how soft her skin is against his rough palm. “Who were you running from?”
He stays on the line while they wait for Gadreel to open up the email. When he does, Charlie says “Yahtzee!” Sam smiles because she got that saying from Dean. “Wow, you were right about this guy. Looks like he spends most of his time searching for porn,” she says. After a few more minutes of monitoring Gadreel’s activity she speaks up again, “Hang on, he’s posting to a forum on a website called Anarchist’s Alphabet. It looks like a website for bomb enthusiasts and pyromaniacs.”
Dean feels his face twitch while he tries to force out the words that he knows will most definitely ruin the moment. “Mrs. Rolston,” he whispers. “I’m not pregnant.” He watches as the smile slips off of her face like dirty water down a kitchen sink drain.
The scavenger who had spoken to them looked towards the other members of his group. They all shrugged and went back to their business. “You may pass,” The man said, “But no funny business!”
He watches as Crowley runs to the circular driveway and pulls out his cellphone to make a call, probably to ask his driver to come pick him up.
“What about their occupations?” Castiel asks. They know from the profile that their guy most likely works in a job where he’s able to be alone for long periods of time.
Dean reached over him and opened up the glove box, pulling out the map they’d used to get here. He started scanning it quickly, and every once in a while, he looked back outside of the car. Castiel followed his gaze and saw two police officers slowly walking towards the car. Another police car pulled up about twenty feet behind them and stopped.
The older man chuckled again. “You have a point there. I just mean it’s weird to be in a place that has such an unknown history. There are even old skeletons in the basement. Fucking creepy, I’m telling you. I’ll be glad when we leave, though that won’t be for a while.”
They’ve been muted for too long. The voice on the other end of the line repeats, “I want to speak to Alfie… Put him on the phone, now.”
on display. He had to focus right now. There would be time for that later. He waited for Cas to finish changing before he continued, “I need you to tell me something about myself that will help me know where we should go next.”
Sam was about to run back to his office when Dick put his hand on his shoulder to stop him. “It’s alright, Crowley. Sam can be trusted with this.”
“It doesn’t feel very private,” The girl responded and took a sip of water from a water bottle attached to her saddle.
Castiel speaks up, “Severe facial tics usually caused by the prolonged use of antipsychotic medications.” Dean shoots him an impressed look before turning towards Sam to confirm.
The two of them walked further down the street, ignoring the sirens of Guardian vehicles passing by them. After a few minutes they came across a wall with bodies strung up along equal intervals. There were so many bodies. Men and women of all ages and gender designations. Anyone who tried to fight against this new regime. The stench of decomposition as they walked passed the bodies was unlike anything Dean had ever smelled before. It was impossible to keep himself from gagging at it.
“Here’s the plan,” Castiel says and begins whispering the details to him even though there’s nobody around them to overhear. While Castiel is sprawled out on his bed, Dean sits on the edge with his feet firmly planted on the ground as he listens. “So, are you in?” Castiel asks once he’s finished.
“I would prefer it,” Alistair says quietly. For the first time since Dean’s been here, the Alpha actually looks vulnerable.
Dean takes a deep breath and opens the door. When he steps inside the Commander asks him to close the door behind him. Dean looks around the office and sees that it’s mostly filled with books. That makes sense. Women aren’t allowed to read so he locks his books up in here.
“I’m sorry for that rude interruption,” the older woman said in a shockingly cheerful tone. “I know this must sound strange to you all, but strange is a matter of perspective. It will become normal after a time.” She smiled at each of them as she walked back to the front of the room. “Just give it time.”
It takes them a few hours to fly to Texas and then another hour to drive out to the middle of the country where the bus was stopped. By this point local authorities have surrounded the bus and closed off this section of the highway to keep any innocent bystanders from being hurt if something happens. When they stop at the makeshift command center, they can see the bus is about one hundred yards away. The unsub won’t be able to see what they’re doing over here from this angle. Dean watches Jessica step forward to talk to the officer in charge. She may be young, but she seems like she’s going to be a good mediator between their team and the other law enforcement agencies they’ll be working with.
“Who?” The man at the counter asked. How could he work here and not know Becky? She basically runs this place. “Sorry, your card was declined.”
The older beta woman cleans off the baby and picks her up. Dean looks over at Claire where she’s crying with a huge smile on her face as she looks at her pup. Her face changes immediately when the beta carries the baby over towards Mrs. Abel. Dean moves over to hold Claire while she cries for a different reason this time. It’s barbaric that omegas aren’t even allowed to hold their pups once they’re born. The pup is softly crying while Mrs. Abel holds her.
After the ship made port, he headed off in the direction Garth pointed him. The train station was relatively easy to find, and he did have enough money to buy a ticket to Zurich. He only had a little bit of money left over after the train ticket, but hopefully there would be some more money in the bank account. What little he had left wouldn’t be enough to survive on for more than a couple days. The train ride took about eight hours. He tried to calm himself down enough to sleep for at least part of the journey, but it was hard. Everything was riding on this bank account number. If it was a dead end, he didn't know what he would do. He’d be stuck in the middle of Zurich with a couple bucks and no name.
Castiel isn’t sure if he’s talking about his bullet wound, how he feels about his first case on the job, or how he’s dealing with the aftermath of the trauma he’d been through. The answer to all of those questions would be ‘not good,’ but Castiel finds himself saying, “I’m alright.” He can tell that Gabe knows he isn't telling the full truth, but also that he doesn’t have the energy to go into it right now.
Dean wanted to say that the reason he had to steal in the first place was because John drank and gambled away all of their money, but the words stuck in his throat. He’d always known that Sam was the better of the two of them. That was why he did everything he could to take care of him and support him. He was the one with a bright future ahead of him, not Dean. He knew deep down his dad was right, so he stayed quiet.
“She saw me after the presentations when you were backstage and gave it to me to give to you,” Sam whispers back.
“His answers were clear even though he was sedated,” Castiel says. “He displays empathy and genuinely feels bad about the business falling apart.”
Castiel knew he was rambling, but that was what he did when he was nervous. They’d been on the road for thirty minutes, and Dean hadn’t said a single word since they started driving. He was just staring out the window while he clutched onto that red bag of his like it was a lifeline. Castiel kept waiting for him to say something, but he didn't, and since he didn't plan on revealing the tremendous hurt Dean had caused him at the abrupt ending of their fling, he had to make sure his mouth stayed busy. Hence, the rambling.
Dean slammed his foot down onto Cole’s toes, and even from where Benny was standing, he could hear the sickening crunch of his bones breaking. Cole cried out in pain, and Dean shoved him to the other wall of the alley. Now Dean was the one in control. He managed to break the knife out of Cole’s hand, and he kicked it further down the alley out of reach.
Jo narrows her eyes at him. “What if someone sold him fake coins, he figured it out, and then someone wanted to shut him up?”
“I’m sure we’re all aware of the horrible circumstances that bring us together on this beautiful morning, when I know we’d all rather be somewhere else.” He’s barely able to pay attention to her. It’s taking all of his focus to make sure he doesn’t pass out. “But we all have our duties,” she continues. “And duty is what brings us together today.” Aunt Naomi raises her hand, and two Guardians dressed all in black step forward holding a man in shackles between them. Aunt Naomi walks over towards the man and points at him angrily before turning back to the omegas. “This man has been convicted of rape,” she says with barely suppressed emotion. “As you all know, the penalty for rape is death.” The omegas around him gasp and whisper amongst themselves. “You girls know how hard I try to protect you from the evil in the world,” Aunt Naomi continues. “Sometimes bad things happen despite my efforts. This man raped an omega.” They all gasp again. “She was pregnant, and the pup died.” The gasps turn into screams of outrage and pain. “You know what you’re supposed to do, girls,” Aunt Naomi yells and signals for them to stand up.
“I saw salmon yesterday at Fish Frenzy,” he says quietly, and Castiel immediately turns his gaze back towards him. “It looked good. You should get some.” He looks up to see Castiel’s blue eyes narrow at him.
“Hey, you,” she answers the phone, and he can hear her smile clearly. Just hearing that makes his nerves ebb away slightly.
“There’s a Brotherhood patrol on the roof across from us,” Blue leaned in towards his ear to whisper. The feeling of his warm breath on Dean’s neck wasn’t doing anything to help with the situation in his pants. “Hopefully they won’t notice us, but I had to wake you up in case we end up needing to make a run for it.” Dean quickly adjusted himself in his pants when Blue turned away to look over at the Brotherhood soldiers patrolling the roof of an old department store across the street. Thankfully the shock of being awakened abruptly in a dangerous situation was quickly softening his erection.
“Okay,” Garth grabs the tie. “Thanks, I really needed this.” He noisily blows his nose on the tie, using it as a tissue. Dean bursts out laughing and quickly tries to disguise it as a coughing fit. Garth tosses the snotty tie back towards Crowley who dodges it with a squeak. “Have fun on your shoot, Dean!” The lanky boy skips back towards the school without looking back.
It is explicitly forbidden for omegas to read. Everyone knows that knowledge is power. In every oppressive society throughout history, the lower classes were either forbidden to read or not educated enough to read. Now that this regime has taken formerly educated and productive members of society and reduced them to their biological functions, the government has to forbid them from reading or listening to news in order to keep them docile. It’s all about control.
The streets of Seattle were packed with people of all ages and gender designations. After the new law got passed prohibiting omegas from being allowed to own property, work, or go to school there were protests in every major city in the United States. Police decked out in full riot gear stood on the edges of the crowd. They tried to push the protesters off the bridge where they were gathered, but nobody would budge. Some protesters wore costume masks or face coverings to disguise their identities and others held up signs with slogans on them about omega’s rights.
He heard the pool gate click open and looked up to see Crowley, Gabriel, and Balthazar walk in wearing bathing suits and carrying towels. They didn't spare him a single glance as they walked over to the deck chairs on the other side of the pool. Gabriel pulled two of the chairs over to a third and pushed them together so they could all pile on in a tangled mess of limbs.
For a frightening second, Castiel thought Dean was going to punch the guy out, but he took a deep breath instead.
Castiel looks down at the ground. “Don’t get too close to her. It’s dangerous.” Dean’s eyes narrow, and he can see Castiel’s jaw clench a couple times, but he doesn’t look up at him.
, but he's not allowed to use it anymore. It's against the law now. It feels like everything is against the law now.
“He said he’s trying to get a feel for what happened to his brother,” another agent responds. Dean nods as if that makes sense, but Castiel doesn’t get it. It reminds him of what Dean had been doing on their first case when he said he was ‘role-playing’, whatever that means.
“Don’t try anything funny,” the man says. “I want to see both of your hands at all times.” He pushes the gun a bit more forcefully into the woman’s neck, and she whimpers. Sam can see Jo straining against the handcuffs that are restraining her to the chair. She probably hates that she’s unable to help in any way right now. “Sit down there!” He points towards the seat across from where he’s standing. Sam sits down, and then the man pushes Meredith away from himself before sitting down in the seat across from him. The man keeps his gun drawn on Sam while he pulls out all of the medical gear he brought with him onto the bus. He needs to get this right or he’s definitely going to be shot. He completed the trick accurately once out of the three times he tried it, but he’s more nervous now. He doesn’t like those odds.
“Alright,” Gabriel says. “First thing we need to do is figure out who is on that bus— who is going to be a help in this situation and who is going to cause more problems.” Dean knows that in a hostage situation like this there are always certain types of people who may be more impulsive and could actually make it harder to keep the unsub under control. Their priority will be to try and neutralize those people before they can make the situation worse.
“I told you we’d get in trouble,” Balthazar whispers while he holds his stomach and rocks back and forth nervously. “My parents are going to ground me until I’m eighteen.”
He looks down at the omega and sees that his head is turned to the side and he’s staring into space. Castiel wonders if this is what he does during Alistair’s rutting day, and he cringes. Some part of his brain had been hoping this would be different, but of course it’s not. Castiel is basically raping him right now. He didn’t have much of a choice in the situation, but he still has more power and agency than Ofal does.
“I need you to take care of this now!” Dick yelled. She knew he wasn't upset at her, just at the situation, but she still didn't appreciate being yelled at. “Tell Benny to hold back on Dean and finish the job first.” Dick hung up before she had a chance to respond, and she rolled her eyes. This situation wasn’t her fault, it was Dean’s. She didn't like being blamed for something that she didn’t do.
How long do you think it's going to take for them to realize they both really liked that kiss and want to do it again? ;)
Dean didn’t want to burst her bubble, but he also needed her to know that this wasn’t a race. She didn’t have anything to prove here. “We can’t rule out the possibility that this could be a copycat trying to get attention.” Jo nodded and sat back down in her seat.
Castiel knew that his initial attraction to Dean had grown into infatuation. He also knew that there was no way Dean would want a relationship with someone like him. This living situation was temporary, just until Castiel found a job, and then he’d be out of Dean’s life for good. He knew this, and still, he couldn't stop himself from falling a bit more every day.
“I know, it is pretty impressive.” Castiel gave a distant smile and then turned to see the other three boys staring at him like he’d gone crazy. “I mean I’m impressed he even came up with the idea. It sounds like something we’d do.”
When he gets home he heads up to his room. He only has about an hour before the rutting starts. He undresses and bathes himself, making sure to take extra care in cleaning his hole. It’s an omega’s duty to be presentable to their Alpha on rutting day. He’s especially nervous because he’s unsure if his new Alpha is aware that he’s a male omega. Most Alphas would be pleased simply because of how rare a breed they are, but some who are deeply homophobic may get angry. He doesn’t want to be forced to leave this house. Even though he’s only been here a week, he’s already started to become friends with Benny and Castiel. Well, maybe ‘friends’ is too strong a word, but as close to friends as he can get in his position.
“Christ, you’re gorgeous,” Dean said before lightly stroking his hand down his spine. “I need you to let me know any time if you want me to stop, okay?” Castiel looked backwards towards him. “It shouldn’t hurt if I prep you enough, but I need you to let me know.”
They stepped onto the elevator to take them up into the building. Dick pushed the button for their floor multiple times in his impatience. “Come on, come on!”
“I have the names of everyone on the bus,” Charlie says without greeting him. The names will be helpful so they can figure out which people can be used as assets and which people will just be in the way. They need to neutralize as many of the problem people as they can. Thankfully, there are only seven or so people on the bus.
“My apartment is just a few blocks away,” the man whispered, and Castiel shivered as he felt goosebumps rise up on the back of his neck. “I can help you forget things there if you want me to.” Castiel nodded mutely. He couldn't believe this was happening to him. It felt like a scene from a movie. The man exhaled slowly against Castiel’s neck, and he shivered involuntarily again. “Okay, let’s go, Cas.”
“That’s what I was thinking,” Castiel sighs. “He’s going to want to get rid of any method for us to track Alfie.”
“And you said what I was doing wasn’t scientific,” Alfie says, rolling his eyes. Castiel chooses to ignore him. They can hear Dean sigh from where he’s standing about ten feet away. His eyes are closed, and he starts mumbling to himself.
“Ignore them,” Blue whispered close to Dean's ear causing him to shiver involuntarily. “Nobody would dare touch you while you’re with me.” That didn't make Dean feel any better.
“Tiring,” Alistair replies. “I was meeting with some delegates from the U.K. trying to organize a trade visit. It was stressful. A lot of difficult personalities, you have no idea.” Dean tries his best not to roll his eyes. He may not be a politician, but he’s not stupid. He knows what it’s like to work with difficult people.
“Arrogant and authoritative,” Castiel says. “Most likely not as smart as Svenson. They’re like bullies at school. They recruit a good guy by protecting him when he’s being picked on and then use that to make him feel like he owes them.”
Castiel could tell that Gabe already knew the answer to his question, but he was trying to boost his confidence. He appreciated the gesture even though it was a bit obvious. “To enjoy it.”
“Why wait when we can tell them right now?” Castiel started walking towards where Luke and Marv were standing next to Michael and Uriel. They were struggling to lift a massive pumpkin off the ground.
“I’m trying.” Sam picks up the chip. “This is a lot smaller than I’m used to using.” He tries the trick again and fails again.
“How about Michael? It’s Hebrew for ‘one who is like God’.” Amelia looked up at him while he pushed the crib up against the wall.
Part of his brain is telling him that it’s too late for all of that. He crossed the line earlier when he scented her. He knew he shouldn’t have done it, but he couldn’t help himself. Not when she was standing there willing and so submissive.
smacked Dean hard in the chest. He gasped on his next inhale and opened up to Cas, letting him take control of the kiss. While Cas plundered his mouth, Dean let his hands roam from his thick thighs up to his sharp hip bones. He didn’t know if he could decide which he was more obsessed with. He lifted the hem of Cas’s shirt just enough to get his hands directly on the skin of his hips. His hands must’ve still been cold from the wintery air outside, because Cas shivered slightly before leaning into the touch.
“Blessed day, miss,” one of the Guardians stopped in front of him with a small smile on his face. Dean was taken aback momentarily by being referred to as ‘miss’. At the training center they’d been forcing him to act more feminine since omegas are mostly female. He’d been beaten and shocked multiple times for refusing to play along. Eventually it got to the point where it wasn’t worth fighting it anymore. Now he can pull out his falsetto voice without even having to think about it.
“And why do you speak a language that people from a country that existed before the Great War used to speak?” Dean asked.
Sam walks through the hallway of the prison trying his best not to get creeped out. He’s been in prisons before obviously, but those times he was always with Dean or Gabriel. This is the first time he’s been in one alone. Well technically Castiel is around here somewhere, but after running into Sam in the hallway, he’d taken off. He looked pretty spooked when Sam saw him, like he’d seen a ghost. Sam doesn’t know all of the details of what happened in Chicago, but he does know that what Castiel went through is what every agent fears. That’s why it pisses him off so much that Dean has been judging Novak so harshly since he got here.
He wasn't sure what he was expecting, but this wasn’t it. Inside the room was what appeared to be a kitchen set up with old appliances and a real table and chairs. Dean turned around to take in the rest of the room. There was a black box that he didn’t know the purpose of and a cooking station in the center of the room, which meant the old appliances probably didn’t work. That made sense. It was one thing to be able to supply electricity to existing unbroken power lines, but to expect two hundred year old appliances to still be functional would be crazy. There was also a door leading to another room. Dean walked over to it and looked inside to see a bathroom and then further along a small hallway was a bedroom. He stopped when he noticed there was only one bed. Fuck.
“Aren’t you guys glad to be one of us,” Castiel winks at them. His phone vibrates in his pocket, so he pulls it out and answers it. “Speaking,” he says and then mouths “It’s Andy,” to the boys. “You’ll be at the party tomorrow? Well I’d be excited too if I was you, because this is the first time you’ve been invited to one of my parties.” He covers the mouthpiece so Andy can’t hear the other boys laughing hysterically beside him. “How did you get my number anyways?” He takes a step closer to the cash register. “Are you sure it didn’t say ‘Dean?’ You never were the best reader.”
“If we just use one unmarked car and keep it out of sight we won’t be noticed,” Castiel replies. His tone is such that it leaves no room for argument. Dean agrees with him though. That call was very odd, nothing like what you’d expect in a normal ransom call.
Dean woke up the next morning after getting not nearly enough sleep. He'd tried to keep watch for the entire night to let Bobby get a full night’s sleep, but he ended up having to wake Bobby up when he began to nod off. He only got a meager three or so hours himself, but he couldn’t allow himself to sleep in. He had work to do. Since his last trip had been interrupted by the raiders, Dean decided it was time to take another trip out to the city. When he confronted Bobby about it, the older man was not pleased. He didn't want Dean going out to the city alone again after what happened last time, but there was really no other option at this point. They needed supplies, and with John gone, they couldn't risk all leaving the farm to go on a run together. Dean had to go by himself.
“Sorry I’m late,” Dean says. “I had to make sure Sammy had something to eat.” He turns to Kali. “Hey, I’m Dean.”
He didn't think about anything beyond wanting to shock his new neighbor when he said, “I’m Dean,” and gave the new boy an exaggerated wink. It wasn't until after he was done patting himself on the back for causing Castiel’s jaw to drop that he realized his mistake. He wasn't ready to tell his dad yet, and he might have just accidentally outed himself.
He was startled out of his scavenging by the sound of pops in the distance. Gunshots? Castiel crouched down behind the counter and listened. The sounds continued, and he could tell now that they were definitely gunshots. He was torn between being immensely relieved that he was apparently not the only human left alive and terrified about who was shooting and what they could possibly be shooting at.
Dean tried using the toilet first and was still surprised when it flushed even though Blue said they had working plumbing. After washing his hands in the sink, which also worked, he went to check out the bathtub. He turned the handle and was surprised when water came out of a faucet higher up on the wall and not the one on the tub that he was expecting. He couldn't figure out how to switch it, so he stepped into the tub and under the spray. It wasn't hot, but it was warmer than he was expecting it to be. He realized he hadn’t asked if he could use the soap, but he figured if there’d been a problem with that, Blue would’ve said something.
Castiel sighed dramatically as he and Dean wiped down every inch of the dusty hotel they’d been staying in. Dean said they needed to clean up any evidence of their stay here, but he thought they were making it even more obvious by cleaning it up too thoroughly. This place had been disgusting when they got here, and now it almost passed as inhabitable.
He held her small hands in his huge ones and looked her directly in the eyes. “I love you,” he gave her a quick kiss on the forehead. “Go with your dad now.” He handed her off to the omega. “I’ll be alright, just run, NOW!” He pushed them off towards the street and then ran to the back of the Impala.
Castiel figures out what he means quickly. “This isn’t a ransom drop, it’s a second kidnapping!” The two of them jump out of the SUV and sprint across the parking lot towards Alfie. Another car comes racing through the parking lot before stopping next to Alfie.
. “Give me your gun and move over to the edge of the room, please.” Dean sighs, but he hands Gabe the gun and walks to the corner. At least he’ll still be able to hear what goes on.
“I want my dad,” Claire repeated. Charlie threw up her hands in defeat, and he took back over. He shushed her, helping her back under the covers before giving her a comforting kiss on the forehead. After Claire was safely back in bed, he turned back to Charlie with fear in his eyes.
He took a risk and said, “I can stay out here too if that’s okay with you.” He blushed slightly, hoping Blue wouldn’t object. It’d only been about two weeks since he was first kidnapped from his farm, but Dean didn’t know if he’d be physically able to sleep without Blue’s warm, comforting presence next to him, and that was all kinds of fucked up.
“We only have thirty minutes left until the bomb goes off,” Gabriel reminds them quietly to break the complete silence that’s come over the room. “We have to leave now to get back to the station in time.” Gadreel nods that he’s satisfied with Castiel’s statement, and the three of them drive back to the police station in record time.
“Dean,” He starts. “We need to talk.” He signals that Dean should come sit down, but the boy shakes his head and crosses his arms stubbornly. “Last night was a mistake. You’ve been going through a lot lately, and I took advantage of that.” Dean’s eyebrows raise slightly. “It wasn’t intentional, I promise, but that doesn’t make it okay.” He sighs. “I would be lying if I said I wasn’t attracted to you, but you have my word that I’ll keep my hands to myself in the future.”
“Okay, no exploiting loopholes then.” She winked at him. “Ready, set, GO!” The two of them immediately took off along the trail. It wasn’t really designed to fit two horses side by side, so Castiel stayed behind Anna. He figured he could try to pass her when the trail opened up before reaching the beach.
“I insist!” Naomi said, choosing to ignore the brotherly conflict that she'd just witnessed. “And Castiel insists. It starts at 7:30. You don’t need to worry about bringing anything besides your wonderful self.” Dean knew she was just trying to be nice to make up for the fact that her son wasn’t, but it was still a little creepy. She left as quickly as she arrived, and Dean rushed upstairs to get ready, trying his best not to freak out.
“Come on, Novak.” Dean is getting more frustrated. “The instructions were way too vague and focused mostly on Alfie being alone.”
“Damn, Cas, you’ve been holding out on me,” Dean pants, ridiculously turned on by that show of strength. The Alpha climbs onto the bed in between his legs and runs his hands reverently over his thighs. The gentle way he’s touching him is at odds with the rough way he’d handled him just a second ago. Dean can’t decide which he likes better.
Think of the devil, and he shall appear. Castiel Novak walks briskly into the BAU wearing his usual tan trench coat and navy suit even though today is an office day and they don’t technically have to dress up. Dean wonders if he actually owns any normal clothes. He looks at Dean as he passes, and Dean gives him a little nod. The older agent nods back this time, so that’s an improvement at least.
“How many people were you thinking of inviting from your grade?” Naomi asked, finally blinking. The woman had super powers. It was impressive.
“Fair enough.” Garth goes back to swinging his bag back and forth as they walk. Dean loves how easy-going he is. He wishes he could just enjoy life like that without having to worry constantly about what other people think of him.
“Hissing cats would be a welcome relief around here,” Naomi sighed. “I’ve done everything I can think of to get them to like each other. I’m fresh out of ideas.”
Dean knew his abrupt sign-off was probably freaking Balthazar out right now, but he couldn't risk getting caught. He was honestly shocked about Balthazar’s secret, but he understood the kind of pressure in this town to fit in. He'd been feeling that pressure himself, recently.
“Not exactly what I had in mind, but why not?” He grabbed Benny’s hand and dragged him to the dance floor where they both exploded into every cheesy dance move they knew. Benny was a terrible dancer, but Dean had always been able to hold his own. Dean twirled into Benny’s arm, and then Benny dipped him by the waist like he would a girl. When he was upside down he caught a glimpse of Castiel watching him with an indecipherable expression on his face.
After they break into the snacks, Castiel decides it’s time for a good game of Truth. He wants to make sure that they’re solid as a friend group, and the best way to do that is to share secrets. He’s not looking forward to sharing his, but trust is a two way street. If he wants them to trust him, he has to trust them too.
“Is that the best angle of the courtyard behind the building?” Dick asked him. His boss was leaning so close to him that Sam was tempted to ask if he wanted a piece of gum.
“I’ve been doing this for years, Dean. It takes a lot of practice. We have less than thirty minutes left.”
“I’ll go first, but before I do I’m going to need some liquid courage.” The boys cheer at that. “I’ll be right back.”
His Alpha forces his knot into him and grunts as his first load is released deep inside his womb. Alpha Alistair positions them on their sides so they can lay together while they’re connected. The omega sighs in relief, because even though he would rather not be here, that wasn’t as bad as he was imagining it would be. There’s a part of him that craves a knot. He hates himself for even admitting that, but some biological part of him deep down craves the feeling of being full and taken care of like this.
Dean nodded. “It wasn’t too hard to find once I saw the first white arrow. You probably don’t remember, but you were so out of it that the only directions you gave me were white arrows and green wall.”
He normally wouldn’t want to go head to head against one of his friends like this, but Crowley is on thin ice as it is. “I hope I’m not stepping on your toes when I say I’ve decided to run for the position as well,” Castiel turns towards Crowley when he speaks. It’s the first time he’s spoken directly to him since the party.
The Alpha stares at him for a few moments as if he’s trying to figure out if he should answer the question. “She’s dead.”
His outburst gave him another thing to add to his list: he got angry easily. He paused and finally said aloud what he’d been worrying about for the past two weeks.
“Wow,” she starts walking again. “I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to embarrass you. I’ve just never met a male omega.” She says it really quietly, but Dean still looks around to make sure nobody heard them. There’s barely anybody walking around here anyways, but he can’t help being paranoid. Besides, is it really paranoia when there are actually people out to get you? “If it makes you feel better, you fake it really well,” she says, impressed. “I had no idea.”
“Oh,” Benny runs off to the kitchen again and comes back holding a small vase with a single pink rose in it. It’s the same color as the roses in the garden. “I wouldn’t want to forget this,” he says with another smile.
“The girls,” Gabe replies as if he should know what that means. Dean wonders if Lisa will be one of them, and his stomach clenches further. It’s bad enough that he’s going to be forced to see Cas today. He doesn’t think he could stomach watching Cas talk with Lisa the whole time. Balthazar and Gabriel both look relieved when they put their phones back in their backpacks. They look like they’re ready to finally start having fun on this trip, while Dean is already waiting for it to be over.
Dean turned on the water purifier so it could heat up and boil away any of the impurities. While he waited for that to work, he stared at Blue. The man was unconscious, so Dean can get away with staring. His features looked tense, and again, Dean couldn’t tell if it was because he was in pain or because he was having one of his nightmares. He ran his hand gently across Blue’s furrowed brow, trying to relieve some of the tension he saw there.
“The day before the election? You must be pissed.” Of course, Castiel knows Dean also has soccer practice after school, but they’d made plans to put the finishing touches on their campaign tonight at the weekly sleepover.
“I’m sorry,” Sam says sarcastically. “Eating fast food fried chicken while my dad is passed out drunk doesn’t exactly make my holiday highlight reel.” Sam pushes himself back from the table and storms out of the room. Dean looks over at John, and he can tell that he’s fuming, but at least he also has the decency to look a bit embarrassed. He apologizes quickly and chases after Sam, yelling his name.
“That’s The Clover Killer,” Jo said, excitedly pointing to how the unsub signed the note with a small four leaf clover.
“Shit,” Crowley says while avoiding making eye contact with Castiel. “I forgot it was Friday.” He turns to look at Gabe and Balthazar. “Are you guys going?”
“He’s going to kill himself and the hostages,” Castiel says quietly. The rest of the room grows silent as they all let that sink in. “We need to send S.W.A.T. in.”
“Nice try, Zar, but we’re not going to tell you what our dicks look like,” Crowley teased, and Castiel burst out laughing. They were just teasing him. Obviously they were fine with his sexuality, but he saw Dean shoot Balthazar a concerned glance as if to make sure he was alright.
“Well, I know how you can get another one.” Castiel started pacing. “All we have to do is act like we’re best friends and our parents will give us whatever we want.”
Blue laughed again. “Sassy too. I like that.” He stared at Dean for a prolonged moment, and Dean couldn't find it in himself to look away. The man's were mesmerizing him again. “I followed you in here because I’m honestly kind of surprised to see you out here alone again considering what happened last time.”
Castiel grabbed his hand and pulled it away from his face. “Talk to me,” he whispered. “Why can’t you just talk to me?”
“It’s a delicate procedure that requires two technicians,” Castiel pushes, trying to calmly maintain control of the situation. Nobody wants to have to send Sam in by himself.
“Fine.” Dean stuck out his chin in defiance. “Whoever gets more kisses by the end of the month has to wear the other person’s clothes for a week.”
Dean was nervous whenever he thought about having to fight at the Combat Zone, but at least he’d be able to see the sky again, feel the sun on his face, and inhale fresh air. He’d been stuck in Blue’s quarters for almost two weeks now, and the cabin fever had beyond set in.
Blue was like a fucking fighting machine! He didn't lose focus or show fear once. Dean understood now why he was able to stay alive in the Wasteland by himself for a while before becoming the undefeated champion at the Combat Zone. The way he fought was incredible to watch. Dean lost count of how many they killed. It was probably somewhere between ten and fifteen. Finally the ghouls stopped emerging from the apartment building, and Blue stood up. There was no sign of anything else moving around in the building, but it was always a possibility that the many gunshots they'd let out could draw something else towards them.
Right as he has that thought Charlie opens the door holding a big silver box. “I come bearing gifts.”
She fumbles for a second before replying. “He’s right. Trusting anyone is dangerous.” She huffs a laugh, “Especially a bisexual gender-traitor.”
“Sam, stop it,” Dean hisses under his breath. He can tell that the Novaks are starting to feel a bit uncomfortable.
Castiel spends a few minutes focusing on evening out his breathing before he steps into the room that they’ve brought Gadreel into to talk to him. The area is completely secure of course, and Castiel knows he’s not physically in any danger, but the last time he saw Gadreel had been right before he pushed the button that set off the bomb that killed all of those agents.
Later that evening, he sits in his closet staring at the carving on the wall. It’s become his go-to spot when he needs to think. Tonight he thinks about Jo. Even though she got taken away in the van, the Guardians hadn’t managed to take everything from her. She still had a spark in her eyes, something inside her that they couldn’t put out. She looked invincible.
“You’re burning up, man.” He moved the hand on Blue’s forehead up to card gently through his hair. Dean wasn't going to lie, he’d become a bit obsessed with Blue’s perfectly messy hair over the past few days, but right now the only thing going through his mind was worry. “I need to find a way to bring this fever down,” Dean mumbled to himself.
“I’m stationed over here,” Ruby said and pointed to another computer terminal on a desk. The desk faced a window that overlooked the street. She sat down at the desk and motioned for Castiel to sit in the other chair. Castiel turned to look back at the other men, but they’d gone back to whatever they were doing before and weren’t paying them any attention.
Seeing the sadness and exhaustion in Dean’s usually lively eyes had scared him even more than hearing Mr. Winchester yelling. In that moment, all of this petty fighting started to seem really pointless. In that moment, he’d wanted nothing more than to apologize and pull the other boy into a hug to try and comfort him in any way he could. Of course, Dean hadn’t wanted that. Why would he? He could probably barely stand to look at Castiel after everything he’d put him through.
When he got close to the house, he could hear the thumping bass of some top 40 song he didn't recognize. Balthazar and Gabriel were fake grinding on each other while Castiel and Crowley watched them in amused disgust. The butterflies flapped insistently against his ribcage. Castiel looked even more attractive this evening than he had during school today. He was wearing a pair of black sweatpants with a gray vintage AC/DC shirt. Apparently he did own comfortable clothes.
He ducks behind the sign that says “Hancock School for Boys” in big navy letters and peeks around the side to watch. The three of them seem to be in the middle of an intense conversation with one of them looking up to see if anyone is eavesdropping every few seconds.
Castiel looks genuinely sad to hear that, but he nods. Once they’ve finished picking up the pieces, Castiel grabs his hand to help pull him up. When Dean stands up they’re standing only a foot apart from each other. He can’t help but look down at Castiel’s slightly chapped lips, wondering what they’d feel like against his own. Because he’s busy looking down, it surprises him when he feels Castiel kiss his forehead again.
Sam waited for Dick Roman in the parking garage of Langley. He'd barely had time to wrap his head around the fact that Dean was alive before his boss pulled into the garage. He parked in his designated space and started asking Sam questions the second he was out of the door.
“Close enough,” Gabriel said and then laughed. “That bastard doesn’t tell basically anyone his name and only lets people call him Blue if he really likes them.” That made Dean feel slightly better, although he still had no idea why Blue would care so much about keeping his name secret. “Wait, you said he’s in trouble?”
“Dean, I’ll save you a seat in algebra,” Balthazar said excitedly. “Unless you get there first, then you can save a seat for me.”
Dean heard the man’s footsteps approaching the door and knew he was completely fucked. The door was locked, but he was able to pick it easily himself, and he was sure the raider would be able to pick it as well. He heard the doorknob twist and then the sound of the lock being picked. He didn't think it would be possible for his heart to beat any faster than it was right now. The door opened, and he stared into the brightest blue eyes he’d ever seen. Well, that explained the raider's name at least. The man seemed totally surprised to see a person hiding in the closet, and Dean was too petrified to even try raising his gun to defend himself. He closed his eyes and prayed to a god he didn't believe in that his death would be painless.
When he holds up the tie to Gabriel with raised eyebrows, the short-haired boy pales. “Oh, that’s my dad’s tie. I was going to borrow it and must’ve forgotten to give it back.”
Dean leads Alfie back into the dining room with his hand gently resting on the kid’s shoulder. As he passes by Castiel, the older man gives him a hint of a smile. That’s a small improvement in their relationship anyways. Up until now it’s been mostly glares between the two of them. Dean hopes Castiel has forgiven his earlier behavior when they first started working together. He’d made a lot of assumptions about the other agent and was jealous about not getting the promotion to Assistant Unit Chief. That’s all water under the bridge now. Castiel has proven himself very capable, and as far as what happened in Illinois, Dean now knows now that he didn’t get the full story initially. There’s only so much you can glean from a short article in the newspaper. Seeing firsthand how that case has affected him makes Dean much more sympathetic towards him.
Alfie sniffles, a couple tears finally spilling over. “Please, can I talk to Matt now?” There’s silence from the other end and then what sounds like a door opening or closing. “Hello?” Alfie asks.
Castiel headed back up the stairs to his door, and his hands were shaking. Not from nervousness, but from anger. He hadn’t realized it, but he
Castiel is confused. “But I thought you were dating Lisa?” He phrases it like a question, hoping it comes across as innocent and not loaded.
A couple days ends up turning into a couple months. Bobby and Rufus give him the run down on everything that’s changed over the last two centuries that he was frozen. They teach him how to survive in the hostile Wasteland: which plants are safe to eat, how to cook food to minimize the amount of rads they absorb, and how to deal with the radiation storms. In return, he helps them rebuild his old neighborhood into a new settlement.
Castiel is helping the others pack up supplies when the older woman named Missouri Mosely grabs his arm. “I can see you,” she says quietly. “You’re a man out of time. Out of hope, but all is not lost.”
“We’re part of a black operations team in the C.I.A. that nobody, not even the President, knows about,” Sam said. “Is it that crazy to think there could be a conspiracy happening?” Charlie gave him a look as if to show that wasn’t what she meant. “Tell me about the pills,” Sam said in a hushed tone. He knew he probably only had a few more moments alone with Charlie before someone came looking for him.
“Did we come to the right place?” Gabriel laughs. “The barn looks totally different!” He’s referring to the fact that Naomi had brought in all of her exercise gear after he and Dean had finished painting the place the other day. Castiel set up all of their sleeping bags and snacks on one side of the room and the exercise gear is at the other side.
A stream of filthy Russian curses tumbled out of Cas’s mouth as they continued to thrust against each other in the cramped space. Cas’s wrecked voice combined with the sound of him speaking in his native language was enough to have Dean creaming his pants embarrassingly fast, but Cas followed quickly behind him if his stuttering grunts were any indicator.
The older man almost smiled at that. “I’m sorry for that too. I’m trying to get the situation under control, but things are a bit tense at the moment between me and the Boss. He’s used to getting whatever he wants so standing up to him yesterday was a risky move on my part even though I had leverage.” Dean thought back to what Meg had said earlier about this being out of character for Blue, and he wondered again why the man would bother taking a risk like that for him.
When Dean rushes to leave the bathroom, he almost runs into Benny. There are a few other guys in the hallway as well, and they must’ve been trying to listen to what he and Castiel were talking about. Hopefully they didn’t hear anything.
Castiel looked at his mom, waiting to see her reaction first because hers was the only one that mattered. Naomi was in charge of all things pertaining to the house and social events, and Chuck was more than happy to let her take the wheel most of the time. He knew that if Naomi agreed to let him host the party, it was as good as done. She took a sip of her wine, never letting her eyes leave Castiel’s. Her stare was so intimidating when she did this! Castiel briefly wondered if his stare was half that intimidating. He hoped it was.
“Are you alright?” Blue asked. Dean wasn’t sure how to answer that, so he stayed quiet. After a moment of silence, he could hear Blue sigh from the other side of the door. “We should go. I don’t want to piss Crowley off on our first day here.” He opened the door slowly, and Blue greeted him with a smile. It looked a bit forced. Dean tried to return the smile, but he figured his ended up looking more like a grimace.
“The Miami bomber right?” Gadreel says quietly, still not looking at him. “Someone should give him a better name.”
“I’d like to see you try, tough guy,” Alistair sneered. “Don’t think I don’t know who he is either. Those eyes give it away. I’m assuming that’s why you’re falling for him. You always wanted her, but she was mine.” Castiel pulled his arm back and punched the older man before he had a chance to think about it. Alistair’s nose started bleeding instantly, but he didn’t react at all to the punch. He was tough as nails to the point where he almost seemed to
She pulled up Benny’s number and dialed it. He answered after one ring. “GumboFiend, is this a secure channel?” Charlie always had a hard time saying their code names with a straight face. Benny was from Louisiana, but she thought he should’ve been able to come up with a better name than that.
“It’s not that far to the hospital,” Dean says diplomatically. Maybe if he phrases it as if he’s trying to save them the trouble of driving him, they’ll let him walk. “I can walk.”
“Maybe he thinks he’s been microchipped by the government,” Gabriel offers. “He might be paranoid that the government is watching him.”
“I think I’m good,” Dean says, and his voice has lost the traces of playfulness that it had before. “You?”
“You didn’t hear about the new law?” The woman asked. Castiel raised his eyebrows at her to show that he had no idea what she was talking about. “Omegas aren’t allowed to go to school anymore. Well women in general, but omegas especially.”
“Where are you going?” Dean asked. His voice sounded rough like steel wool, but it was still beautiful.
Dean rushes out of their makeshift command center and runs towards the bus as the S.W.A.T. members move in. He can hear footsteps chasing behind him, but he doesn’t know which of his team members it is, but he doesn’t care right now. He just needs to get to Sam. He steps onto the bus and sees Sam leaning over Andrew May.
He feels Dean reach out to put his hand on Castiel’s knee. He’s doing that thing he does with his thumb gently sliding back and forth that drives him crazy. Castiel wants more. He reaches forward until he can grab onto the arm that Dean has stretched out towards him. He feels Dean’s firm bicep under his hands, and his mouth dries up.
“Huh? No.” Dean turns his head back to his barely started math homework. He wishes he could enlist Benny to help, but Benny and Garth have already decided they’re going to run for president as a form of protest to try and block the uniform idea from happening at all. That means Benny is going to be off-limits as far as having the time to spend helping Dean through his homework until after the election is over.
. He’d been confused at the beginning of their conversation, but he didn’t look upset until after Castiel had started yelling at him about their age difference. Had Dean actually enjoyed their kiss?
“Because they’re my friends,” Crowley says in a tone that ends the conversation. Dean watches Balthazar and Gabriel go back to scrolling through their phones while Luke and Marv investigate the contents of the limo’s mini fridge with uncontrollable glee. He wonders if that’s what he looked like a few months ago when he first rode in Castiel’s Range Rover. “Did you wear your ties?” Crowley asks them pointedly.
“And I take it you have no idea where the Impala is,” Benny sighed. She shook her head. “Are you sure he’ll try to go back for it? It seems silly to risk everything for a car.”
The next morning Castiel wakes up after ten hours of restful sleep with Amelia cuddled up into his side. He groans as she starts kissing his neck. He’d love to stay in bed with her, but he needs to get ready for work. It’s already eight, and he has to get to the office by nine.
“I haven’t met any others, Alpha,” he says quietly, ashamed of the fact that he’s a biological freak.
“Holy hell,” Crowley says when he sees Garth. “It looks like you barfed up a Biggersons waiter’s suspenders.” Gabriel, Balthazar, and Brady poke their heads out of the open limo door to laugh at Garth. He just smiles at them.
“We also need to face the possibility that Matt might already be dead,” Sam whispers so the Pikes can’t hear them from the other room.
Dean stood still as Charlie walked towards the two men holding guns by the platform. This was definitely a big risk, but it was their only option. They could not afford to get on the wrong train.
Dean clears his throat before responding. “Listen to me, no playing,” he says to Charlie. “We’re sending you some security camera footage from inside the greyhound bus. I need you to figure out who all of the hostages are and give us background information on them: residences, occupations, anything that could potentially help us. The footage is a bit grainy. Do you think you can do it?”
They walked for a couple more miles in the dark. Dean was starting to get tired, but when he told Blue as much, he said they should try to make it to the next city before they stopped. It was easier to find an old building to get some good rest in than trying to stay out in the open where they were sitting targets. Dean could see more structures in the distance, which probably were part of the city Blue was talking about. Cambridge, he’d called it. His feet were aching by the time they got there, and thankfully Blue said they were going to look for a place to rest. It was probably around four in the morning, which meant the sun would be starting to rise soon. They wanted to make sure they were hidden before the sun came out.
“Ofal, would you like to hold her?” Mistress Abbadon asks before handing him the pup. He’s shocked she’d even ask, but he gives her a little nod. “Here she is.” She gently passes Anael to him, and he makes sure to support her head with his arm. It’s been so long since he’s held a pup, and his heart feels full but also like it’s breaking at the same time.
Castiel flinches. He can hear Alfie and Larry Pike crying in the other room while Jo and Jessica try to console them. “Dean, come on…”
“Thank you,” Castiel's voice is full of emotion. He barely knows these people, but it means a lot that they’d be willing to help out a complete stranger. He figures he should return the favor. “There’s a place not far from here that I think would make for a good settlement,” he says.
Castiel sits on his bed with Angel for the next hour reading through Dale’s twelve principles on how to ‘win people to your way of thinking.’ Numbers three and eight stand out to him the most:
“And I’ll find us a place to stay so we can rest.” He looked at Cas’s long hair. That definitely had to go. “And I’ll need to cut your hair.” Cas looked a bit frightened at that, which was kind of hilarious. He trusted Dean enough to ride in the car with him while he was driving like a maniac, but he didn't trust him to cut his hair.
“You were so good for me, pet,” Alpha Alistair whispers in his ear before kissing his neck gently. He preens under the praise. “Such a good omega.” He feels another pulse of cum enter him, and his Alpha groans in pleasure. It takes about twenty minutes for Alpha’s knot to deflate enough to where they’re able to separate. Alpha gives him a quick kiss on the forehead before reiterating how good he’d been, and he walks back up to his bedroom in a daze.
Castiel must think the same thing because he takes a deep breath and gently hands the ice to Dean before walking towards the door. He stops at the door and turns back around looking like he’s about to say something, but he just sighs and leaves the bedroom closing the door behind him.
“Stop,” Dean interrupted him. “Just leave, Cas.” He didn't say it harshly because he didn't have the energy to be angry.
Dean chuckled low in his throat and lifted Cas up off of him in the confined space by his thighs. God, those
“Ahhh!” The eye screeches back. After taking a moment the eye says, “Open the door.” Castiel recognizes that gruff voice. It’s Dean.
“It’s inside my house,” the man named Gabriel replied in an annoyed tone. “Which is inside the city… because I live here!”
Charlie held her hands up. “I don’t make the rules. I shouldn’t even know about this stuff, but one of the doctors at the lab is big on pillow-talk. She told me about them.” Sam was about to reply when he heard footsteps coming down the hall towards them. “Be safe, Sam,” she warned him as he took off in the opposite direction.
That night he flopped down on his flimsy mattress and tried to get some much needed sleep. Bobby was teaching Sam how to keep a night watch tonight. Now that the kid was fourteen, he’d been begging Bobby to let him help with the “grown-up” jobs. Pretty soon he was going to be asking to go on solo-runs. The thought of Sammy alone in the city, running into a pack of ghouls or raiders made Dean shiver. He forcibly removed himself from that scary train of thought. Instead his mind focused on a pair of stunning blue eyes, and he was startled for a second before letting himself relax. Staring into those eyes made him feel safe, and if he drifted off to a restful sleep with Blue on his mind, that was his business.
Dean stepped inside towards where Castiel and Sam were talking. “There’s no sign of Ashley Frank here. We can arrest him with probable cause, but we won’t be able to hold him,” Sam said. Once they’d finished the profile, they were able to check out the suspect list the police had compiled. Richard Svenson was at the top of the list and he fit the profile almost exactly. Dean knew they had the right guy.
In Fallout, the currency everyone uses is "caps" or bottlecaps. Don't ask me why, that's just the way it is. I didn't know how to casually bring that up in the story, so I'm just adding it as a note here.
Gabriel pulls Castiel’s phone out from his gym bag and checks the caller ID. “It’s Crowley,” he says. “Should I hit ‘decline’?”
“No, buts,” Dean waved him off as he jogged to go grab a towel, and Castiel got a chance to admire his firmly toned ass for the first time. And those thighs… damn. He shook his head to clear it.
They walk forward into the town square in two lines, lined up side by side. Every omega stands next to their walking partner. When they get onto the field, they take their places kneeling on the red pillows that have been brought for them. He kneels on his pillow, taking care not to accidentally kneel on his dress. He quickly glances around them and sees multiple Guardians on the edges of the field holding their machine guns. They’re probably here to make sure nothing goes wrong during the proceedings. At the front of the town square is a big stage with the flag of their new nation proudly displayed. It’s the silhouette of a wolf howling at the moon. He looks to his right when another omega comes to sit next to him. It’s Bela. She was one of the friends he made while at the Purgatory Training Center. He hasn’t seen her since then, so he greets her with a small smile.
“Fuck,” Dean dropped his head onto Castiel’s shoulder. “Your voice is incredible. Especially when I get you turned on.” Dean moved his hand down to squeeze his cock through his sweatpants. Castiel ground down onto him again at the same time as Dean thrust his hips upward, and when they met they both shuddered.
“So I heard you’re running for class president now?” Dean asks trying to break the awkward silence in the room.
“Hey, you!” A voice shouted from behind him. It was an American officer in a suit. He was holding up a pair of handcuffs. “Yes, you with the red bag. Put your hands up where I can see them!”
—someone beautiful, smart, and funny who had loved him—and had managed to find a way to fuck that up. He didn’t want to do that again.
The Alpha smiles at him like he’s an adorable puppy or something. “Would you like some juice, dear?” She asks.
At this point Dean was exhausted, and all he wanted to do was sleep. He took off his leather jacket and his shoes and looked expectantly up at the other man. Blue dropped the gun he was holding and pulled out another one that was hidden in his clothes. He looked pointedly at Dean. “Promise me you won’t do anything stupid like shoot me in the middle of the night.”
“Is he alive?” Garth asked incredulously. Finding a scuba diver this far out in the ocean was unheard of, but it’d be even more insane if the man was still breathing.
Sam nods, “That’s right. This unsub was most likely taking antipsychotic medication to treat schizophrenia.”
Over the next two weeks, Garth taught him the basics of how to work a fishing boat. The crew started to warm up to him a bit, but they never really involved him in their conversations or their late-night card games. That was fine with him. He spent every waking moment that he was not working trying to figure out who the hell he was and what happened to him. He stared at his mirror for hours hoping that if he looked at himself long enough, it would come back to him.
“You guys are late,” Castiel says stiffly when they join up with him and Dean on the sidewalk. He feels Dean give him a light shove on the shoulder, probably telling him to relax, but he can’t. There’s nothing he hates more than being on the outside of things. Especially when it involves his ex-best friend that he’s been fighting for the past few weeks.
“He’s not going to get to you, I promise.” The young man looked… broken was the only way Castiel would know how to describe it. This was a stronger reaction than the other times Castiel had hinted at Alistair’s threat. He realized that the kid hadn’t reacted this way until he’d mentioned Alistair by name. He must know him somehow. “How do you know Alistair?” Castiel didn't know if he wanted to know the answer to that question, but he
The people in line at the embassy started screaming once they saw that he had a gun. Dean turned around quickly to make sure nobody was coming at him from behind. He saw a few more soldiers from the next room react to the sudden noise, but they stopped approaching the moment they saw he had a gun. He picked up the red bag and sprinted towards the stairs at the back of the building. The second he was through the door and into the stairway, he heard a blaring alarm start to sound.
Dean could hear Castiel talking at him, but he couldn't make out any of the words. He was frozen, staring at the picture of his past-self holding Cas. It was definitely him. Dean would've been able to recognize those blue eyes anywhere. They both looked a bit younger and maybe a bit more naïve. Dean was smiling in a way he didn't think he’d smiled since he woke up, and Cas was looking at him with unmistakable adoration in his eyes. The background of the picture looked like some sort of carnival or festival, but Dean wasn’t focused on the little details. He was focused on the expressions on both of their faces and the way they were holding each other. They looked like a couple in love.
Dean grins excitedly. Bombings are awful of course, but he does love putting bomb fragments back together. He’s always been good at working with his hands, and each bomb is like a puzzle to him. Sam enjoys mental puzzles, and Dean enjoys physical puzzles he can feel and manipulate as he figures them out.
Castiel and Gabriel exchange looks, and then Gabriel speaks up. “You take the chip out, and then you immediately exit the train.” Sam looks like he’s about to say something. “No arguments! Say you have to bring the chip back to the Supreme Entity or you have guidelines to follow. Do not stay in there with him. I want you in and out as quickly as possible.”
The two fighters squared off against each other, and Dean was positive this guy was going to make mince-meat out of her. He was gigantic! He lunged forward towards the girl who easily dodged out of the way, hitting the man with a few punches as she passed by. He lunged again, and this time she cartwheeled out of the way. The crowd cheered louder, loving her display of agility. She ducked down when he swung his arm to try and punch her, and she kicked him in the groin. Dean and the rest of the men in the audience winced in sympathy as the guy fell down to his knees. She grabbed him by his hair and punched him hard with an uppercut to the bottom of his jaw. Even though she was pretty small, from that angle it was enough to knock him out.
He looks over at Lisa who is doing some crazy gymnastic moves in her Tinker Bell costume. She’s very bendy!
“It’s me, Captain,” Ruby replied. He opened up the door and motioned for her and the two men beside her to come in. One was a big, burly guy and the other was tall and thin. Based on how Ruby described them, he guessed the thin one was Garth and the more muscular one was Benny. Ruby introduced them, and it turned out Castiel was right in his assumption. He shook both of their hands and then motioned towards the various seats in the room. Everyone sat, but he and Meg remained standing.
“Hello, Mr. Pike,” a weird voice answers. It sounds like the unsub is using some sort of software to distort his voice. That’s odd.
Castiel thinks the best thing about Lisa is her magnetic smile. He’s never seen anybody with teeth as perfectly white as hers. She also has a musical laugh that can fill up a room. She’s by far the most popular girl in the junior class at Hancock. What Anna is for the senior class, Lisa is for juniors. She’s captain of the varsity volleyball squad and has all of the girls at Hancock either wanting to be her or be her friend. If the two of them got together they’d be quite the power couple.
Blue suddenly sat upright, and before Dean could even react, he violently threw up everywhere. Thankfully nothing got on their supplies or the sleeping bag. Dean didn’t even know how he had that much in him. He hadn’t eaten anything in almost a full day, poor guy. After Blue was done he fell back onto the sleeping bag with a pitiful groan. Dean put the back of his hand on Blue’s forehead to try and see if he has a fever. He was really warm.
Everyone gives Gabe a hug and tells him that they’ll be there to support him in any way they can. He gives them a sad smile.
He turns to look in the direction of where Gabe and Zar should be getting him a coffee. They’re nowhere to be seen. “God, where are Gabriel and Balthazar with my coffee? I would’ve asked them to get you one, but you told me you had a doctor’s appointment.” Castiel knows that's a bullshit excuse Crowley made up, but he wants to try and trap him in the lie.
“Well you should try,” The other boy said harshly. “Me and my friends have our own thing going, and you’ll probably feel left out if you try and join in. You know, since we’ve known each other for so long.” Castiel phrased it in a way that made it seem like he was trying to look out for Dean, but he knew that was bullshit.
He runs his hands through Dean’s short hair and pulls on it lightly like he’d done last time they kissed. Just like last time it causes Dean to moan, and then they’re kissing again. Castiel deepens the kiss this time, and he’d almost forgotten how good Dean tastes. He notices his pants tightening rapidly and remembers the awkward position he’s in. There’s no way Dean isn’t going to notice with him practically sitting on his lap right now.
“Okay,” Dean shifts awkwardly from foot to foot. “Castiel,” He raises his voice loud enough to where people at the nearby tables can definitely hear him. “I’d like to talk to you about what happened in the gazebo please.” Castiel feels his whole body go tense, and he sees the other boys shoot confused looks at each other out of the corner of his eye.
Dean reads the note four times before he leaves the restroom. He has so many questions, but the first one is for Sam. He gives him a hug when he gets back to the table and whispers, “How did you get this?”
There was a moment of silence on the other end of the line while the woman clicked away at the computer. “Yes, would you like me to connect you?”
The noise of the crowd drowned out the sound of the riot police yelling at them to clear the streets. “We are people, not objects!” Dean heard a group of omegas standing next to him yell. He and Charlie joined in, “Our bodies, our choice!”
“This looks like more of a wrestling match than a stake-out,” Balthazar said as he joined them behind the bushes. “What’d I miss?”
fake passports. Dean was right to be concerned when he asked what kind of person would have the number to a bank account implanted in their hip. The fake passports combined with the way he was running from the police definitely pointed to him being a fugitive of some kind.
He watches as Aunt Naomi’s face falls in disappointment. The Guardian’s voice is a bit less calm when he speaks again. “How did you know?”
Castiel thought for a moment. He knew if he said “everyone,” she might worry about the noise or the mess, but if he said “only some people” she’d be worried he was excluding people. “Everyone,” he answered, figuring that with his mother, it was always better to be inclusive.
Dean plasters on his usual smile. “Of course.” Honestly it isn’t as bad as it looks. His ribs are a bit sore, and his face is a mess, but it’s not the worst beating he’s ever gotten. He did catch a lot of concerned looks from other students as well as faculty today. Dean guesses not many students show up at this fancy private school in this fancy town with bruises and gashes all over them. Thankfully nobody commented on it, but maybe that’s because Dean glared at anyone who so much as looked his way today.
That was weird. Poughkeepsie was his and Dean’s code word. It meant, ‘Drop everything and run. People are after you.’ Sam figured that would be the easiest way to tell Dean the CIA was trying to kill him without putting himself or Benny in danger of being charged with treason for trying to help him.
The guy wouldn’t even tell Dean his real name or his age for crying out loud! He was able to tell him that he killed a bunch of people at the Combat Zone and enjoyed it, but he couldn’t tell him what his name was or how old he was?
“I want you to get creative,” Gabriel says. “Even if statistically it’s so unlikely that it usually wouldn’t be worth pursuing. Sometimes you have to think of things nobody else thought of.” Sam hates this task. Out of their entire team, he thinks he’s the least suited to work like this. It’s not the way his brain is used to thinking about things. Gabriel must be able to sense his hesitation because he smiles and ruffles his hair the same way Dean does. “I’m counting on you, kid.”
He has to stop daydreaming about the past. If he lets himself fall in too far, he won’t have the strength to climb back out.
“Well, uh thanks,” Dean said again. “I’ll just, umm, go I guess.” Before Castiel could respond, Dean was already out the door. He stumbled over to his desk and sat his shaking legs down.
Dean sighed and started to hand over his bag. He hadn’t found much, but it was something at least. Blue tilted his head in confusion. “Why are you giving me your bag?”
Castiel could feel his heart beating faster. He knew he wasn’t ready for this. He started walking even faster, so he could barely hear Gabriel interrupt Dean to remind him that it’d been six months since Castiel’s incident and that he’d been cleared to work in the field. Gabriel’s tone was harsh but professional. Castiel knew that his half-brother didn’t want to look like he was giving him special favors, but he also wasn't going to stand by and let someone trash talk him. Castiel appreciated that.
Castiel thought that sounded a bit far-fetched, but then again, so did amnesia. He got up and walked over to his duffel bag and the red bank bag. He looked through all of their things to see if there was any medicine while Dean groaned pitifully on the bed.
Dean cleared his throat a couple times. He tried to speak, but his mouth was too dry. John helped him take a sip of water, and then he started filling him in on what happened. “I was at the hospital in Lexington. I’d already scoped the place out and had almost finished searching the entire first floor when I heard a group of raiders outside.” Dean could see John’s expression switch from impassive to concerned. “It was too late for me to get out of there so I tried hiding in a closet. A raider found me, but then he let me go.” Now John looked absolutely shocked. “He said something about not killing kids. Anyways, I ran before he could change his mind.”
He hears the Commander getting undressed behind him, and now he’s starting to worry. He can tell that his hole is completely dry right now. He’s not turned on at all. He’s too anxious to be turned on. All he can do is hope it won’t hurt that much. He clenches his fists and closes his eyes tightly while he listens to the Alpha jacking himself off behind him.
“Dean loves that car,” Charlie insisted. “Besides, he went to the bank and his apartment, so clearly he isn’t concerned about going where we expect him to go. He knows he’s better trained than anyone else, no offense.”
Dean calms himself down before responding. It won’t do any good to yell at the kid. “I understand that, but the unsub is going to call back, and he’s probably going to want to talk to you again. We need you to be alert.” Alfie’s eyes start to tear up. Dean hears another pair of footsteps enter the room. He turns around and sees that it’s Agent Novak. He’s probably coming to check in on them. Dean hadn’t exactly been subtle when he ran over here.
He coughs quietly to clear his throat before he responds. “Imagine what he’ll know when he’s fifty.” He can’t help the pride that comes through in his voice. He feels Castiel turn to look at him, but he doesn’t return the look. He’s trying not to spend too much time staring into those bright blue eyes, because they’re giving Dean all sorts of weird feelings and thoughts that he doesn’t know how to deal with.
“Alright, if you were the unsub what would you have done differently?” Castiel asks. He’s worked a couple ransom cases in the past, but probably not as many as Dean has worked.
It was a note. “Look over your shoulder,” Castiel read in a voice that was way lower than Dean was expecting it to be, “I’m closer than you think.”
Castiel tried to calm himself down now that Dean was out of the car. He spent a couple minutes trying to even out his breathing, but nothing was working. When he closed his eyes, all he could see was Dean and that assassin fighting. All he felt was the overwhelming fear for not only his safety, but for Dean’s, which was a bit silly given that he could clearly take care of himself. Even more horrifying than the fight, though, was the blank look Dean had on his face the whole time. It was like he was a robot or something. The methodical way he’d reacted to that guy jumping out of the window, checking his watch and packing up his bag like nothing happened, was going to haunt him for some time.
“The water is still cold,” Cas said with a small smile. Maybe he wasn’t mad about the kiss. Dean leaned up against the doorway and dropped the knife behind him out of sight. It fell and stuck itself into the wood floor.
“He should be careful,” Gadreel finally looks up at him. “Those things are dangerous.” He looks back down at the floor. That’s progress though. At least he acknowledged that Castiel is in the room with him.
“It’s going to be okay,” Charlie repeated. “The doctors are saying getting pregnant is the hard part. You’ll be fine!”
There’s a smell in this room. Something primal, calling back to Charles Darwin. The smell of blood and sweat. They wait with bated breath while Claire pushes and screams, and finally it’s done. One of the older betas grabs the baby while omegas, wives, and betas alike hold their breath. It takes about thirty seconds, but eventually the baby begins to cry.
“I’m glad you’re here, Cas,” Dean whispered, placing a quick kiss on the back of his neck. It was the last thing he heard before he fell asleep.
Dean panicked for a moment trying to remember if he'd accidentally told Crowley about the fact that Balthazar was on a scholarship at Hancock.  “I did?” he asked nervously.
“Now you know how we feel,” Balthazar sneers. He must see the hurt in Castiel’s eyes, because he looks away quickly. Surely, Balthazar knows that potentially outing him is much worse than someone figuring out his family isn’t rich, right?
Dean tries for the millionth time to open his window, but it’s been sealed shut. He knows he can’t escape, but he just wants some fresh air. The scent of his loneliness hangs around him like thick humidity after a summer rain. He pulls his gaze away from the window and leans with his back up against the wall. He can’t look outside anymore. It hurts too much.
His heart thumped quickly in his chest when he reached his house. The red door was still standing along with the front wall, but he could tell that most of the house was gone. He took a deep breath before opening the door to look inside. There was nothing left—to sign that the people who’d taken Claire, or anyone for that matter, had been there since they'd left to run to the vault. Castiel fell to his knees and sobbed.
He leaned over and checked Blue’s temperature again by putting his hand on his forehead. He was burning up, and his skin was sweaty. Dean wasn't sure if he should leave him inside the sleeping bag or take him out to get some air. He wasn't a doctor. He’d never had to do this before. He knew that Blue was going to need some water soon, because Dean also needed water. At first it was his plan to wait out the storm before heading out to search for water, but the storm was lasting much longer than he'd thought it would. Thankfully the river that they’d crossed over was right next to the amphitheater they were taking cover under. He reached over to the duffel bag with all of their supplies in it and pulled out the water purifier. It had a pot connected to it that Dean could fill up with water. He carefully slid out of the sleeping bag from where he was lying behind Blue and pulled on his pants.
“I’m tired,” the man groans. “I’ve been fighting you guys for so many years. I just want it to be over.”
He heard a low chuckle come across the line. “Sammy, I am going to greatly enjoy killing your big brother.”
They headed for the main entrance to the Corvega Plant, and Castiel nodded at the guards on duty. Nobody thought anything of a group of five raiders heading out for a run, so they were able to pass without having to answer any questions. When they got outside, Castiel was blinded by the brightness of the sun. It had been a while since he’d been outside during the day. He’d spent the majority of the past couple weeks inside the factory where there were no windows, and they’d raided Dean’s farm during the night. It took a few seconds for his eyes to adjust.
Dean sat up and took the pills out of his hand. He tossed them into his mouth and took a swig of water. “I hope you aren’t trying to poison me,” he said after swallowing them.
Dean reaches towards him to grab the first aid kit. Castiel stands to the side awkwardly as Dean begins patching himself up. He wants to help, but it’s clear that his neighbor has done this many times before if the practiced way he bandages himself up is anything to go by.
Gabriel stands up. “Gather your men, and we’ll give you the profile.” Gabriel claps Castiel lightly on the shoulder, and he stiffens. Gabriel shoots him a worried look, but doesn’t make a scene about it. He heads out into the bullpen and the other people follow behind. Castiel takes a few deep breaths before he heads to the bullpen to join everyone.
“Praised be,” Ofmarv says joyously. “We’ll go straight home then. I hope the Great Alpha fills you with His divine miracle.”
No, Cas was in it for the long haul. Dean had no idea why he was so invested in this, but to be honest, he was grateful for the company. He felt so alone all of the time. It was such a deep, gut-wrenching feeling that he wondered if he’d also felt it before he lost his memory.
They walk directly towards the room where Mr. Nichols’ is staying. The doctors had been notified ahead of time about their arrival so they were able to get everything prepared. “Can you tell me about the package, Mr. Nichols?” Castiel asks.
“I’m sorry,” he says, and he means it. He does need to fib a little bit with his explanation though, because he’s not ready to give the actual reason why he’d done it. “I was jealous,” he says, looking down. “I had a bit of a crush on you, and I was upset that you liked Dean instead of me.”
“And all you had to do was finish their homework while they threw popcorn at each other and watched Naked and Afraid for three hours,” Castiel laughs.
Dean’s been too distracted to study all evening because he can’t stop thinking about what happened during lunch. Cas acted so different than usual, but not in a fake way. It was genuine. He can’t stop thinking about how close they sat next to each other, and he can almost feel a phantom hand gripping his knee. He’s definitely going crazy!
On a hunch, he decided to try re-dialing the last number called on the phone that was sitting on his desk. After the second ring, a woman answered.
“W-what are you talking about?” Gordon’s voice shook, but Castiel could tell he was trying to keep it steady.
“Am I invited to the Halloween party?” Anna asked immediately when she picked Dean and Benny up from school.
“Something’s not right about this. I’ve been thinking the entire time that this isn’t a regular ransom case,” Dean starts. “What if he’s been listening to us somehow?”
It took him a few seconds to get his brain back on track after the sensation of their groins pressing together. “I-I haven’t…” Dean stopped what he was doing to pull back and look at Castiel’s face. He was hovering over him now, and Castiel couldn't help running his hands along his well-defined biceps. Dean was muscular all over, but not in an overly built sort of way. It was all lean muscle.
“Safe? This picture is of us in the alley outside of the embassy not even twenty-four hours ago,” he said quietly, holding up the picture. “Who can do this?”
Dean chuckled before spreading him further to get better access. He moaned as Dean’s tongue licked across his perineum and landed on his hole. Castiel had no idea something like this could feel so good. Dean lapped at him like he was a delicious dessert. Castiel was finally starting to get used to the sensation when Dean started prodding his tongue more forcefully at his hole. He felt Dean start spearing his tongue into him as if he was fucking him with it. Castiel’s arms went out from under him so his face was planted against the mattress as he moaned shamelessly. If he’d known this could feel so good, he would’ve done it ages ago.
“We just have to get back to Seattle,” Charlie whispered. “I know the Omega Collective still has some safe houses.” The Omega Collective is a group Charlie and Dean used to belong to. It had been founded by Charlie’s omega mother before she passed away. Charlie and a few friends had continued to run it in her memory. Before the United States fell to the rebels, it had been used as a sort of battered omega shelter where people could come if they’d been abused or raped. Now it was being used as a form of resistance against the new regime. Dean doubted it was still functioning since most omegas had been picked up and sent to training centers by now, but it was their only plan.
“Good, you’re up,” Blue greeted him. Dean rubbed the sleep from his eyes. “Here’s something to eat. I’m sorry I don’t have something more appetizing to give you.”
In this chapter the switches between the two were intentionally meant to be a bit confusing since he was sick, but in the future I would make the transitions smoother. I hope you enjoyed it!
He heard a woman’s voice droning on about the horrors of the old world as he was brought into the room. The first thing he saw were rows of desks with girls sitting in them, all wearing red. He was the only man in the room. As he walked down the aisle to an empty seat in the back, he passed by his college best friend, Charlie, who was sitting at a desk also wearing red. He knew she was an omega, so she must’ve been rounded up like he was. When he caught her eye, she subtly shook her head as if to tell him not to acknowledge that they know each other.
Once again, Dean thinks back to his school in Lawrence. When they’d had elections for class positions at his old school, everyone formed groups and worked together to come up with fun ideas. Here at Hancock, where the students are sons of CEOs, politicians, and celebrities nobody cares about having fun. They only care about winning.
Castiel can hear Ofal’s breathing picking up in the backseat, and he wonders if she’s starting to have a panic attack like she did that night on rutting day. “I couldn’t stop them,” he says quietly. “I’m sorry.”
“I don’t know, but you must’ve been an angel or something,” she replies with a smirk. The two of them get back into bed, and Castiel pulls her into his arms. He’s discovered that he’s able to handle physical touch when he’s the initiator or the one in control of it. He needs human contact, but he’s just been having a hard time with it recently.
Like every Men of Letters, he’d been forced to experience what withdrawals felt like during his training. He didn't remember much from that time beyond a pain so intense he couldn’t put it into words. He was told after they’d dosed him back up that he’d begged for them to kill him. He didn't know if that was true or if they’d just been trying to scare him. Either way, it wasn’t something any of the Letters messed around with. None of them let anything come between them and their chems.
Sam sat nervously next to Dick Roman and Crowley while the director of the Central Intelligence Agency talked to the leaders of the various projects the C.I.A. had running right now. Sam was surprised when Dick Roman had asked for him to join in on the meeting. He’d been working as Dick’s assistant for a couple of years now, but he'd always just been an assistant. It looked like his boss was finally starting to view at him as an asset to the team. It was only unfortunate that it happened now when his brother was somehow involved in the controversy being discussed at this meeting.
I've got surgery tomorrow so the past couple days I've basically just been writing all day while I prep for it haha
Castiel’s mouth drops open in shock. He vaguely notices Crowley taking a bow and the audience cheering loudly, but he feels like he’s watching his body instead of actually experiencing it. This doesn’t make any sense! Dean, Gabriel, and Balthazar rush over to the side of the stage, and Castiel slowly walks down the stairs to meet them. The audience is still cheering.
Sam was about to follow him out, but Dick stopped him again. “You know why I’m letting you in on this, right, Sam?”
They stood face to face in the center of the room, and Dean was starting to look nervous. “Don’t worry, I’ll go easy on you,” Castiel joked with a wink. “Seriously though, today we’ll mostly be working on form and not actually fighting each other. That comes later.” Dean nodded. “Now one of the most important things about hand-to-hand combat is to always be moving. It may sound simple in theory, but if you get caught flat-footed, it’ll be much easier for the other guy to get you to the ground.” Castiel demonstrated what he meant by bobbing and weaving on the balls of his feet. “Like that.”
“I’ll be alright,” Castiel said. “I’m feeling a bit more like myself already. I am very tired though.” He felt his eyelids drop closed without his permission.
Once he was out of the city he started running as fast as he could back the way he came. Now that he knew where he was going, it shouldn’t take him too long to get back to Blue. He just hoped he wasn’t too late. It was late afternoon by now, and Blue had gotten bitten last night. He didn’t know how long it took for a bite to transform a person into a feral, but he didn’t want to take any chances.
“It would be if you weren’t here,” Castiel retorted. She laughed musically and flipped her hair out of her face. He realized that she was probably flirting with him. His normal reaction would be to ignore it, but with his conflicting thoughts about Dean earlier, maybe it would be better if he didn’t. She was kind of pretty, anyways.
“A beta escaped from the New York City Purgatory Center,” Castiel leans closer to Dean so he can hear him whisper. There’s nothing inherently sexual about it, but having the older man this close to him still makes him shiver. “She was able to escape to Canada and gave an interview about what’s going on at the Training Centers.”
Dean doesn’t know who to believe anymore. It seems like everyone is only pretending to like him when they’re really just scheming about how to get back at and backstab each other. He makes up an excuse and hangs up the phone before he can embarrass himself further by crying on the phone.
They walked deeper into the heart of Lexington where the buildings rose up on either side of the street. The only light they had to go by was the light from the moon. Blue swore he knew where he was going, and Dean was going to leave it to him to navigate. He hadn’t really traveled outside of Lexington since his family made that initial trek from Diamond City to where they set up their farm. He’d been four at the time, and he had a couple memories of having to walk until his feet were sore, but they weren’t detailed.
“Where’s my baby boy?” Chuck slurred again, and the crowd laughed. Dean wondered the same thing because he couldn't see Castiel anymore.
Dean tried to swallow around the lump in his throat. His friends were actually forgiving him. He’d never been forgiven before. “Thanks guys. I really am sorry.”
Sam spun the board again and thought for a moment. “He’s definitely an aggressor.” Dean saw Gabriel and Castiel nod at each other. That fit with their profile.
“I don’t have caps, but I have chems and this,” Blue pulled out the silver pocket watch he’d taken off of one of the ghouls they killed yesterday. “Will that do?”
Castiel was spared from having to come up with a response when the power suddenly shut off. That was weird. It wasn't storming.
The omega smiles brightly. “Good!” She turns to start walking towards the grocery store, and Dean follows, his mind reeling. Where’s Jo?
“What?!” Castiel can’t help being offended. “Dean knew one of your secrets before I did?” Dean shoves him lightly on the arm and mouths at him to ‘chill.’
“What happened?” Dean asked, keeping his tone even. He didn’t want Cas to think he was angry with him. “Did something go wrong?” The two of them started walking down the street, and Dean reached down and took Cas’s hand in his, partly to comfort him and partly to comfort himself.
Mrs. Novak was wearing a gray pantsuit that fit her perfectly. Dean figured she must’ve just gotten home from work, but then again all of the Novaks had been dressed up in their Sunday best when they first got here. Maybe they didn’t know the definition of comfortable clothes. “I’m actually here to see you,” she said with a smile.
“I’m really good at it,” Sam insists. He pulls a dime out of his pocket and demonstrates. “I can make it appear and disappear. Watch.” He moves his hand smoothly, and the coin disappears. Then he does the same motion again, and it comes back.
“I don’t really know,” Cas replied. “You didn’t seem that social with people to be honest, but this car was sacred to you. I don’t think you would’ve shared its whereabouts with just anyone.”
Bobby pulls up a letter on the projector screen. It’s a ransom note. “I’m sure you all know about Senator Larry Pike,” Bobby starts. “His son Matt was kidnapped late last night.”
Dean holds her, moving her head into his neck so she can smell his scent. He assumes it’s comforting to her because back when they were in Purgatory and she’d have nightmares, the only way he could calm her down was by holding her like this.
As far as the finale goes I'm not posting spoilers because I'm not sure if everyone has seen it, but I think I'm okay with it. At first I was very mad, but basically where I stand is that I think the ending for each character was what I wanted. How they got there was a fucking mess though. So I liked the ending, but not the finale if that makes sense. I think a lot of it can be blamed on COVID and them not being able to bring certain people back or being forced to change things, but overall I'm fine with it. Very emotional, but fine. I've adored this show for a decade, and that doesn't change now just cause it's over
“How could Crowley possibly know what we told you at the sleepover?” Gabriel pants when he catches up. “He wasn’t there!”
After a beat of silence, Naomi speaks up. “It’s okay, hun. You can feel free to stay and finish your dinner if you want to.” She exchanges a look with Chuck though, and Dean can tell that they’re both concerned by John’s behavior. He just hopes they don’t figure out the extent of John’s issues. He isn’t ready to get kicked out of here. He’s gotten used to having a nice house and plenty of food in the fridge.
“I saw you sneak out the other night,” Sam explained. “I promise I won’t make any noise.” He mimed zipping his mouth closed and throwing away the key.
Castiel realized that she was right. He was hoping feelings would develop for her, but they hadn’t. Maybe something was wrong with him. What high school boy didn't want to date the captain of the cheer leading squad? “I’m sorry,” He said. “Can we still be friends?”
The zap of the cattle prod against his collar bone shocks him out of finishing his silent prayer, and he flinches minutely. Aunt Naomi steps back from him but continues to hold up the cattle prod as a silent threat.
“Lead the way!” They head over to grab some snacks first and then find an empty spot on one of the blankets by a bonfire to chat. Charlie seems really sweet and funny, but Dean is confused why Cas thought she’d be his type.
“It’s good to see you too,” Dean responded in French. Clearly, this man knew him as Mr. Cain, but he couldn’t remember ever meeting him before.
“Lucky,” Blue sighed, “I miss real food.” He took a bite of his mash and made a face. “Anyways, I need to fill you in on last night’s meeting.” Dean leaned forward in anticipation. He'd tried his best to eavesdrop on Blue’s conversation with Benny yesterday, but he hadn’t been able to make out much of it. “Have you heard of the Combat Zone?”
“He’s in love with me,” Claire giggles. “He loves me so much!” She covers her mouth to try and quiet her giggles.
“I’ll need an unsexy costume if I want my parents to let me out of the house,” Balthazar sighed. Castiel still thought it was pretty ironic that Zar’s parents were the strictest out of all of theirs, when he was probably the most deviant of the bunch. It was a wonder he hadn’t ended up in juvie yet.
“Don’t know why you’d want to go to a party with a bunch of juniors, but whatever floats your boat,” Dean shrugged. He turned to look out the window at the passing trees. Fall was definitely here! He'd always loved watching the leaves turn colors, and the trees here really were beautiful. Everything here was beautiful. He’d always had a fascination with the ocean, which was unfortunate since he’d spent most of his life about as far away from the ocean as you could get in America. He still hadn’t gone to the beach yet, but everyone had told him the water was way too cold to swim in by now anyways.
“I’m sorry, but I can’t allow either of you to interact with this unsub any further.” Dean puts as much authority as he can into his voice. Gabriel gave him the lead, and he intends to be as professional as possible. “If you want to be able to hear what’s going on, you can wait in the living room with Jo and Jessica.” The two of them look like they’re going to complain, but then Dean figures they realize they’re lucky they’ll be allowed to listen in at all. Before Jo can leave, Dean grabs her hand and leans down to quietly tell her something. “Do
“Okay,” He stands up. “Can you guys order me a slice of pie when the waiter gets back?” As he heads towards the bathroom, he sees Naomi raise her hand to flag down the waiter.
To her it was a no-brainer, and Castiel couldn’t help but agree once he’d given himself some time to wrap his brain around it. So here they were in a new house that was basically empty except for the moving boxes that covered almost every available floor space. It was Saturday so that gave him a couple days to help her unpack before he had to go back to work. Castiel’s stomach clenched with nerves when he thought about getting back into the field. He grabbed his ringing cell phone to distract himself and answered it.
Dean dropped Cas’s duffel bag and his bank bag on the bed. The only vacancy in this shitty hotel was a one-bedroom room, so it looked like they’d have to share tonight. Dean didn't mind sharing a bed with Cas, but he was going to have a hard time keeping his hands to himself.
Cas chuckled softly. “If I wait here, you’ll probably just forget about me.” It was meant as a joke, but Cas sounded almost worried.
The director of the C.I.A. paused the video feed. “That’s Lucifer Morningstar speaking in Paris the day before yesterday. He was annoying before he took power from his brother in Kosovo, he was a problem when he was in power, and he’s been a disaster for us now that he's been exiled.” The director got up and began pacing around the room. Everybody had their eyes on him, and the room was so silent they'd be able to hear a pin drop. Sam tried to sink down in his chair without being too obvious, but that was a difficult task since he was six foot four.
The phone begins to ring right on schedule, and Dean and Castiel walk back into the dining room to take up the same spots they’d been in for the first call: Dean standing behind Sam and Castiel sitting next to Alfie with Gabriel on the other side.
“Is that the mother?” Dean asked, gesturing towards the older woman Jo had spoken to at the front door.
“No, wait!” Dean yelled, but it was too late. The cop already hit ‘enter’ and the screen immediately turned black.
Thank you to everyone who is still reading this and to any newcomers who just found it. I've really enjoyed working on this story, and I hope you've enjoyed reading it! I will try to update sooner than 3 months from now hahaha
One of the titles catches his eye. It’s a book for learning German. That must’ve been the language of the mystery message carved into his closet wall by the previous Ofal. Dean looks up and sees the Alpha is already sitting at the game table waiting for him. He’ll have to try and figure out a subtle way to ask Alistair to translate the mystery carving.
“I lie to him a lot,” Dean hissed. “The problem is there’s a difference between your dad getting mad at you when he catches you in a lie, and my dad getting mad at me. Got it?” Castiel’s quick pace stuttered for a second as he remembered the time he heard Dean’s dad drunkenly yelling at him. He was surprised Dean had brought it up so casually, but maybe it was because he was stressed.
Dean takes the brownies from her and gives her a quick hug. “I’ll call you!” He says, and she smiles and runs off to go meet her mom.
Charlie and Dean walked briskly down the street, trying their best not to draw attention to themselves. This is the first time they’d been outside since being taken to the Purgatory Training Center. During the months they were there, the outside world changed drastically. All of the old shops were closed, and all color was removed from the streets. Everything now was varying shades of grey and brown. Even the trees looked dead.
He felt a wave of déjà vu when he saw the broken window he'd escaped out of last time he was here. He looked around to see if there was anything he could place underneath the window to help him reach it. He could go around the building to the front and use that door, but he didn't want to press his luck. This side of the building was clear of threats, but the other sides might not be. He found an empty wooden crate a few feet away that he pushed underneath the open window. He was able to reach it when he stood on top of that. He pulled off his leather jacket and placed it over the broken glass so he wouldn't cut himself when he hauled himself up. After he was through, he put the jacket back on and started over on his search for materials, picking up where he'd left off last time before the raiders had interrupted him.
