“It’s true,” John agreed. Sherlock took both his shoulders, and put his nose into John's hair. “But I want to hear it from you, not in gossip from your squabbling siblings or your mother.”
The climb up the hill was slow going. Sherlock seemed to have no trouble with it, but John was not as well off. Either prophetic or just terribly observant, Sherlock was right about his shoulder. It ached with the cold, and the rest of him seemed to be having sympathy pains. The pace was slow enough, though, to make up for it.
Sitting back, John scowled. Not only did the pipe-wielder trip over the kettle, he smashed straight into it. The thing was ruined.
The wolf in Sherlock wanted to bodily remove Lestrade. The wolf wanted to slam the door with the world forced outside and make a nest with John tucked into it, to carve out a space for John to calm down. It was a strangely
“Shall we be off, John?” Sherlock had asked, tone just different enough that John noticed the change in it.
Beyond her, John had stepped back into the doorway. “And I’ve mentioned, I think, that we’ll wait for whoever will be taking statements.” John’s tone was unamused. Sherlock could not specifically recall the PCO who was in their living room, but she seemed to hold a particular grudge against him.
"Oy, none of that just now," Horatio said, chuckling, "if you're not here to greet Temperance when she comes in she may stomp straight into your room."
“Well, he’s out,” John said, letting the outer door close and rolling his shoulder against the ache that had settled back in since Sherlock left.
Rather than think too much about what getting it cleaned would cost if he didn’t do it, or what replacing it would be like considering Sherlock’s inconsistent implacability when it came to selecting items to purchase, John pulled his jacket on and headed out.
His eyes squeezed shut with it. John opened them again, and found that Sherlock had very pale freckles on his neck. His mate’s arms were tight around him, stroking his back and keeping him close.
For a moment Sherlock just watched him. His eyes darted across John’s face, his lips twitched once, and then he snapped the book shut. “Yes, I had sort of figured.”
It was far more painful than John had thought it would be, especially given that this hadn't been his life for nearly a year.
Milton turned suspicious eyes on John, as though this was the first he was seeing of him. From the look of him he had to be on something.
The morning sun shone on John’s blond hair. The light made the gray sprinkled in it blend in with the soft yellow. There was a softening affect to the lines of his face and the lines
John stepped into the bathroom doorway to survey the scene. Sherlock was glaring at his brother, but there was a troubled look on his face, as though he were worried - something John couldn't pin down precisely because he hadn't seen it on Sherlock's face before - and Mycroft stood with a neutral expression on his face.
Over Sherlock’s bare shoulder, the sergeant was flushed an embarrassed shade of red and was staring determinedly at the floor.
A text from Mycroft interrupted his searching, and only the knowledge that hurling the phone into the wall would mean getting up to reacquire it and disturbing John kept Sherlock from throwing it.
Time slowed down, then. The lights came on, and there was the rushing of feet as the sergeant - Hall, John remembered - and two nurses rushed in. John still hung on to the Colonel, even as the others invalids moved away and were replaced by the appropriately over-sized orderlies. At last the doctor jabbed a sedative into the colonel, and the man jerked futilely before going limp.
In the television corner the Colonel stood, obviously wild eyed even in the dim room, facing off against several of the other soldiers.
Annnnd that's the end of this story. Suffice it to say that all comments, kudos, and questions are welcomed and appreciated. Thank you to everyone for reading.
"It was unlikely that you'd be willing to speak freely in front of him, and this is as 'later' as I can contain myself to wait for," Sherlock said, nuzzling John's neck with his nose.
Whether it was the tone of voice John had used or the low growl from Sherlock that punctuated it, John couldn’t tell. The growl had started right after his barked command, and Milton stumbled his way onto the couch obediently.
Other concerns melted away, though his stomach still turned itself in knots and nightmares filled his sleep at the persistent absence of Sherlock every night.
“How was the hospital?” Sherlock asked, voice low and rough as he caught his breath. He looped an arm around John’s back and stroked his spine with one finger.
Almost before they were officially released by the sergeant, Sherlock hustled John away from the alley. Bullied, really.
“He did talk to me,” John replied, turning his head away before Sherlock’s gaze could swallow him whole, “but he didn’t say his name. And he was a right tosser, so I didn’t ask.”
The rest of the wolves headed silently out the door. Sherlock’s teeth closed on the hem of John’s jacket and a firm tug indicated as much as the rush of feeling that John was meant to follow.
Still, he was glad for Mycroft's little script rendition of what had happened, it almost sounded like-
Disregarding how Sherlock knew it was from his sister, John still had a knee-jerk avoidance reaction. He didn’t want to talk about the one he wasn’t using, but he didn’t really fancy shopping for another one. He didn’t think he liked phones, really. “Sherlock, it’s not-”
"Loosely," Mycroft said primly. "You are an incompetent liar. There were several holes that had to be corrected."
“Funny,” John replied. He shuffled back, glad that the glassware had already crashed down and what was on the floor now was more perishable and less jagged. He knelt to start gathering it up.
“Both?” the sergeant said as much as asked. “It’s rather obvious that the former isn’t true and… then the latter…”
Sherlock wrapped an arm around John’s neck and pulled him closer, kissing his lips gently. John relaxed at the contact without even thinking about it. “You, John,” Sherlock said with an unfamiliar glint in his eye. “I would never delete an instant of you.”
Well. It had to be considered more than normal transference, though. John was certain of it. Not that he had not been sharing openly before, but since it had come out in the open, Sherlock seemed to project his emotions at John like a lighthouse shining a beam into the fog. They came through bright and clear, sometimes even when Sherlock wasn’t projecting them.
“I’m not refusing to use it,” John said, working at one of the marks intently. “I’m just not really used to carrying one.”
might anchor John against turbulence - a preposterous notion, but an endearing sentiment that nonetheless managed to pierce the tiny portion of Sherlock that remained admittedly sentimental - and fell asleep as soon as his head weighed down on Sherlock’s chest.
Sherlock stepped forward as John shifted Harry’s weight from the tree to himself, and, almost like they’d discussed it, he helped John get Harry’s arm properly over his shoulders.
Sherlock gave a little snort and closed his eyes. For a moment he seemed to be avoiding it. John could almost imagine the wolf that was Sherlock clinging to his agitation with all his claws, and then it slipped. The look on Sherlock’s face relaxed from the wrinkles of tension bunched around his eyes and mouth, and the pale face of his mate looked the way it had that fateful morning after when he’d asked if Sherlock wanted him.
John shifted back, glad of the warmth against him, and the arms around him. His body was interested in what Sherlock was up to, and he could barely keep his eyes open as his mate’s clever hands glided along the hardness of him.
Sherlock startled, looking at him, but the twitching stopped, and Sherlock offered a tight little smile before looking out the window again.
Curious, John picked up one of the papers strewn across the kitchen table in no obvious order other than jumble, and read the frantic scrawl as best he could.
The end of that sentence could go about fifty ways, all of them were desperate and bad. John couldn’t deny the impulse to interrupt.
The attention was slightly intoxicating. He reached up and tugged another button open, just to see Sherlock’s eyes follow his fingers and to feel the rush of want it caused.
Sherlock made a disgruntled noise in his throat  and pointedly turned so that his shoulder was more to Mycroft. He tightened the arm he had around John, pulling him closer before his other hand was unzipping the parka and undoing the front of the stolen shirt he had on.
“What’s wrong, John?” Sherlock demanded. Warm hands searched him, and Sherlock ducked his head to sniff at John’s hair.
Greg turned and found that the uniformed officer had emptied one of the bags, and a stomped on box looked to be the remains of a newly purchased kettle. He lifted a brow as he looked between the kettle and Watson, but the man just groaned and shook his head.
The two fell silent at that. The conversation lowered around them, just a bit, and John got the impression that the conversation with the only other human of the pack was planned. He wondered why Gerard had been sent to talk to him. He scowled into his glass at the thought of it.
In the morning, John woke in a soft(er) bed in a room full of other beds with sleeping bodies. His forearms hurt, his scarred shoulder killed (his other one wasn’t much better), and if he could think far enough to identify the rest of his body parts then he would probably complain of the entire back of him. Concrete had never been very forgiving, and being slammed into it and then trying to hold a thrashing guerrilla was no way to become reacquainted.
John didn’t know which detective had been interviewing Sherlock, but he was pretty sure that Sherlock was either being left alone to consider his attitude or was more officially cooling his heels in a cell somewhere. In the meantime, John and the sergeant -
He must, he thought, be quite a sight. Sherlock wasn’t winded, but his chest was heaving for breath as he came into the alley at only a bit less than a dead sprint, demanding loudly, “John!”
Once the introductions were out of the way, they all settled down and got to catching up, and just like any large human family John had ever visited there were stories to tell back and forth and several children to settle down out of the way.
What he’d been brought was an expensive version of something he’d have picked out himself. Weather-appropriate, unassuming - at least until one felt the fabric of the trousers or shirt or the weave of the jumper - and seemingly sturdy. They weren’t colors that John would have put on himself, necessarily, but the bolder color choices did make him look a little more matched to what Sherlock had on.
“Did they?” Sherlock replied, in a tone that John thought he recognized from conversations he’d overheard between Sherlock and Mycroft. It was the tone that said Sherlock was hiding something.
Sensing scrutiny, John shook his head. Low, familiar tones drew him out of sleep, accompanied by less recognizable ones. Despite the comforting warmth of the down jacket against the usual chill of the canned, recycled air in an aircraft, a tension had developed in him. It wasn't helped by the strange presence of Sherlock's immaculate and apparent mastermind of a brother, and it certainly wasn't helped by the armrest between John and Sherlock. Forcing a calm through himself to ease off the feeling, John popped his back and rolled his shoulder. He turned his face into Sherlock's neck, seeking and finding the comforting smell of his mate, and mumbled, "Nothing bad."
Mycroft?” Sherlock grunted after several minutes in the stalemate of silence. “You should only be here if you are bearing
"You smell like the floor of a bar," Sherlock groused at him with a pointed sniff. "I'm surprised your sister made it here in-"
“No,” Sherlock replied, straightening up a little. “I told him he could keep chasing his tail looking for leads here, so long as he did it without approaching you.”
“We’ll have to get you to the ballroom then,” Anne said, “there’s mirrors enough in there for you to see as well as look.”
sniffed him before. Elisabeth's words from breakfast came back. A quick glance at Sherlock told John that it wasn't unreasonable, but it did make John wish he'd taken a slightly more thorough shower.
As it turned out, Sherlock’s room was conveniently right where he’d left it on his last visit. Something about Sherlock seemed to relax as they passed into the privacy of his childhood room. Any talk of dinner quickly went the way of John’s too-new clothing, discarded in a pile on the floor. Then it was all hands touching, with fingers sliding and gripping. John barely noticed the room around them as they make it to the bed in a half-stumble. Sherlock was more interesting than the blue room around them, his lips pressing kisses more fascinating than anything the shelves and furniture could hope to offer to his untrained observations.
“And before that?” the therapist asked, flipping a few pages in John’s file. He seemed frustrated by something, as though John was not being as forthcoming as he ought to be. “It says here you were wounded in Afghanistan, originally. Gunshot wound with some animal scarring. What happened?”
He hadn’t taken the mobile, because it wasn’t charged. Sherlock had gone to get the charger before Mycroft appeared. And even if he had a phone, he did not know Sherlock’s number. He couldn’t call and reassure his mate.
Something changed, then. It felt like- Anticipation. Curiosity. Sherlock knew he had felt those things when he’d come across the puzzle, but once he had solved it, they had faded. Now they were just words that related to how he cataloged the scene in his mind. If he played the discovery from the beginning he passed through the sensations, but they were more like colors than feelings.
It was John’s idea to strip off and have at each other, but as happened, Sherlock took over in the follow through. Despite the moon’s distance, John could sense the wolf in his mate as they scrambled into bed together. Insistent, dexterous hands made short work of what was left of John’s clothes, and what Sherlock had been wearing all but evaporated in the midst of kiss and caress between the two of them.
“Three years,” the sergeant replied. He fumbled with his desk drawer and took a framed photo out, offering it to John.
“Oh. And you may want to pick up the two assailants again. Charge them with attempted assault, if you need to. I’ve the rips in my clothes to prove it.”
The uneasy feeling fled with the rush of desire John felt at hearing his name called like that. John spent a considerable time on his knees after that, first attending to Sherlock and then on the bed being thoroughly attended to in return.
A second swing of the pipe was ducked, but John knew he wouldn’t be able to keep this up for long. Even a very stupid fighter would stop aiming for the head soon enough. He had to think. Think, dammit!
Sleep had cleared up some of John’s earlier confusion. He was still annoyed with Sherlock, but mostly he was just glad to have him back.
John surveyed his options - blood-stained couch, floor, or hard wooden kitchen chair - and dragged the chair in from the kitchen to sit on. “Alright. Go on.”
There were two that John could see - one that was mostly intact in the kitchen on the side of the hanging cupboards, and another on the bottom shelf of one of the bookcases that looked to have been taken to pieces for some reason - but neither of them worked.
Greg felt utterly out of place as a spectator to it. Sherlock was never like this, at least in Greg’s experience, though Greg would be the first to admit that in his experience Sherlock was also
“Self-medicating will fail to rectify the situation as surely as destroying the bathroom,” Mycroft replied, releasing the firm grip he had on Sherlock cautiously. First he eased the upward yank on Sherlock’s arm, letting it go slowly. When Sherlock remained in the slump, Mycroft took a cautious step back.
“I told you not to open the door,” Sherlock said, rising and crossing to the window. He let out a growl. “And, it seems, I was right.”
Lestrade jerked to the side, surprised that he hadn’t noticed Sherlock standing by the windows. It wouldn’t be the first time the tall man had seemed to materialize behind him, but it still shocked him every time Sherlock surprised him. Sherlock stood with his back to the frame, sipping a cup of tea. He looked annoyed, but Lestrade had never seen him look anything other than annoyed.
It was after dinner before John was properly introduced to Aldrich and Joscelin, with the hand shakes and the pointed sniffing. Their names were easy to recall, though the ones that came before them were beginning to fade into the press of bodies that were present. Aldrich remained taciturn, greeting John almost unwillingly, though his mate was as warm as the others. The pair of them seemed wary, and Sherlock’s reaction was just as stand-offish.
Also, as a point of order, Mycroft is wrong. Dresden, Germany fell within Eastern Germany, and thus would have been a part of the Eastern Bloc.
“Bin the couch,” John said, tugging his sleeves down. He put on his jacket and headed out of the flat.
Strong hands went gentle, and John found himself guided in turning around. Just as they had after Germany, fingers and hands marked off the strikes that had caused each of the bruises. A punch here and Sherlock’s flat knuckles rested gently. The glancing blow to his ribs - Sherlock’s palm flat against his skin. Once each blow had been cataloged, Sherlock wrapped long arms gently around him and kissed his neck.
"Jesus, I'll never make it off the plane," John moaned as Sherlock squeezed him. By then, John was clutching Sherlock's shoulder with one hand and had the other threaded into his mate's hair.
John’s blue eyes found him, and Sherlock found no desire to look at or even acknowledge the other man in the room.
Watson turned back to Greg and went on as though Sherlock hadn’t just thrown a two-year-old’s hissy fit. “I’m not sure what singled me out, Sergeant,” he said, and appeared to be saying honestly, though the more familiar ‘Lestrade’ was gone in favor of his rank again. “I’ve never seen them before and I’m not in the habit of picking fights. Not while I’m sober, at least.”
For a minute, Watson was silent, looking again at the smashed box of the kettle as though it might somehow make his decision for him. Sherlock made a noise that sounded suspiciously like a whine, and Watson lifted his eyes to the thin man. Only then did he say, “I’d like to go home, thanks.”
They fumbled dressing gowns open, and off in John’s case. Sherlock spread his legs and planted his feet, gripped John by the waist, and John wrapped a hand around their needy erections. Sherlock’s hand wrapped around John’s, tightening the grip on them, and then they were both thrusting. For a few pushes of hips it was too dry to be comfortable. Sherlock stilled John by tightening the arm around his waist and loosened their hands. He lifted his to John’s mouth.
Once enough detail had been verified, John was taken to a small room in a gray hall with a single cot and no windows.
Sherlock lifted a hand, and another cab pulled over. John let himself be tucked into the cab without protest because Sherlock kept a grip on him and followed swiftly after. "Nine-teen Montague street," he instructed the driver. Then he pulled John close, tucking him against a warm side.
“They said you were dead.” Harry wrapped her hands around her own cup and blew on the hot liquid. Her voice was gruff, either from drink or the weather, but it suited what John supposed was a black stab at humor. “Well. That’s not how they put it, of course. Some utter twaddle about ‘missing in action, presumed’ and all that. But the notice was pretty clear. They never expected to find you.”
John hadn’t bothered to look at the wounds on his arms while he had been in Germany. He left that to the doctors and nurses. He’d barely registered their cleaning, in the days that had followed the fight, hadn’t the strength to care about it. Now they seemed important, if only because Sherlock was noticing them. So when Sherlock climbed atop his hips and lifted his arms up, John joined him in looking.
John watched his mate, trying to gleam something, but Sherlock was blank and his expression was neutral. John frowned. He found that he
She gave a nod. “Well, if there’s anything I can do for you, just let me know. I’m Amber.” Then she backed up, pointing to her nametag as though it was part of a script she’d been taught. Once she was out of John’s personal space, she turned and headed off towards the back of the room.
John closed his eyes to breathe in against the feeling. He was surprised when he was pushed to the bed and long fingers began unwinding the bandages.
John didn’t precisely mind, being stripped by his mate was always an intriguing start to the evening, but it became quickly obvious that Sherlock wasn’t after any sort of sexy interlude.
"So this is our John Watson, then," he said, releasing Sherlock to extend a hand to John. “Rawden Holmes.”
For a long moment they stood and sat in silence. John sipped the tea with another notch of a frown at the taste of it, eventually abandoning it to the little table at the side of the couch. Some things just weren’t worth the struggle to tolerate them, and he could feel Sherlock’s approach. With Mycroft standing in the room with him, the usually pleasant sensation came into stark contrast with the vaguely annoyed sensation of having Mycroft nosing about being disapproving for no good reason. The two at-odds emotions and the off-putting tea all added up to a lurch of queasiness that John struggled to keep under control.
Later that morning they changed bandages and showered. John took his time with his shower, pleased at the hot water and more pleased at being clean than he could remember being since the end of his first tour when he thought he’d never get all the sand out of the nooks and crannies of his body. He hadn’t minded, given how he’d gotten so well acquainted with the sand, but it was a glorious thing, being rid of it. That glorious thing paled in comparison to the feeling of this. Steaming water, expensive soap, and just the hint of soreness left from the night before… sunlight and safety. John refused to look too closely at the gift horse’s mouth on this one.
“We haven’t the time,” Sherlock said, in a tone that suggested he was reminding himself more than chiding John.
“None. There were no bills, no papers. I knew there wouldn’t be, of course. I had already called to check what name the utility services were established in, and though the electricity and gas were in the name of the deceased, the cable was in another name. He kept me in handcuffs until he verified my information - a tedious waste of time, I tell you - but then released me. I put him on the track of one of the real killers. After some more leg work I was able to identify the male as well. Felicia Oswald and Oscar Terrington were both captured. It turned out that they had been partners for some many years, and prior to burglary their racket had been more general confidence schemes.”
“I seem to have upset you,” Gerard said, swirling the whiskey in his glass and averting his eyes. “Allow me to apologize.”
Together they sank down into the nest the bed had become. Sherlock grabbed blindly at the bedclothes and pulled them up, wrapping them both up as he wrapped himself around John. John sank into the embrace, leaning his cheek against Sherlock’s collarbone, and couldn’t resist pressing a kiss there even as his eyelids grew too heavy to keep open.
Temperance was an accountant. Charles worked in information technology in Bristol. Charles gave no further comment on that, but from the shifting of Mycroft did in his seat with his teacup, John was fairly certain that the two had known each other before Temperance had chosen her mate.
Coming out of the bathroom, John found Sherlock finishing putting himself together in front of a mirror that was set into the inside of one of the wardrobe doors. Any thoughts John might have had about investigating the room left his head.
The only way to find out would be to ask, and the only way to do that would be to go out. John tied off his robe and headed out to make the requested tea.
The woman eyed him in the glass, and Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Mister Holmes, I’ll have to advise you, again, that the pair of you are not without suspicion in this instance. What’s happened to Mister Milton will be under investigation, and any attempts at coercion or bribery will be met with the appropriate response.”
Watson went still at the sight of blood, Greg was confused. He’d heard of nurses who couldn’t handle blood, but doctors generally had to be made of tougher stuff. And the man was, seemingly, an actual doctor and not one of those overly-academic types that liked to swan around getting overpaid for simple tasks. Watson had spoken like one to the emergency medical technicians when they arrived for Milton, and from the file that had been pulled when he and Sherlock had been questioned, the man was a real MD.
What he wanted, just then, was for Sherlock to move on from having gotten him naked. But Sherlock had asked a question, and…
There was a deceptively neutral expression on Mycroft’s face, one that John recognized from as far back as Dresden, and he stepped aside to let him in. “Tea?” he asked, heading into the kitchen. If he was going to have to listen to Mycroft make a fuss, he was going to have some, and it was only polite to offer some to a guest.
Sherlock’s anxiety fled at the realization, and he stared at John, taking in all of the things that the retelling had stirred up in him.
“I don’t make a habit of repeating what I’ve already done unless new facts come to light,” Lestrade replied.
Sherlock took a large book from one of the shelves, checking the inside cover. “I hate repeating myself.”
“Which would be a marvelous exercise in wasting time. You would have to arrest the both of us, and then it would be a very tedious-”
After the phone call interruption that morning, John was tempted to leave the caller on the doorstep.
At some point in the nightmare, John started screaming. He must have, because his throat was sore as he woke, and the room sounded quiet the way quiet only feels after a loud noise. He only woke because Sherlock intruded, and despite knowing from experience that it was a
had no proper kettle, and set the teapot onto the hob to warm. Sherlock continued playing while John set about making tea - the last of the tea, which was a problem that would have to be sorted in short order, along with the missing kettle - and ignored John when he came in and set the teacup down on the desk beside him.
I know this may not have been the reunion that everyone was expecting, possibly on anyone's part, but this wasn't what I was anticipating when I started this either. (
His mate made a broad gesture to the side of the alley with all of the blood in it. “If Milton were murdered here, the blood would be centered on the location of the body, rather than slopped across the brick and stucco across from it. There’s only so much blood in a human sized body, and the pressure required to spray it that far would be gone from cutting at veins before all this mess happened. If it were a blunt object being used to excess, it would be a different story, but the photographs showed
Nothing more of that line of conversation was brought up at the table. They went on to spend the rest of the weekend in Wiltshire. Connie didn’t broach the subject again, and John found that he did not mind that one bit.
John gripped Sherlock’s hips, pulling them together and drawing a satisfied groan out of the both of them. “You’ll have to be a bit more convincing,” John said, leaning in to press his lips to Sherlock’s throat. “I’m liking this right here.”
Sherlock’s eyes caught John’s, what felt like the first time since they’d left to retrieve Harry, and he nodded at the spot he’d vacated on the chair. Whatever protest John wanted to make died on his lips when the ache of the fighting throbbed through him again. He shuffled over and sank down to the cushioned seat with a very silent sigh of relief.
urge, not the sort that Sherlock was used to feeling from his wilder side, but, once that solution was presented, it was not hard to conclude that some things with John would only happen in time, and the only cure to
“Not on paper, you great blundering dolt,” the sergeant said. “Despite your opinion that the rest of us are idiots, it doesn’t take a genius for me to remember you two stone underweight and vomiting your guts out in the loo.”
“It was worse because we were both feeling it twice,” Sherlock said, pressing their foreheads together,
A surge of renewed annoyance about being the designated role model of restraint had Mycroft grinding his teeth together. There was, of course, someone with more experience dealing with separation. No one ever spoke of it, of course, but Mummy was the most knowledgeable one of them about bonding and mating. Mycroft’s hardships when separated from Anthea for periods of time related to work were nothing in comparison with the separation Mummy had endured from their Father.
John lifted his hand obligingly, stifling the noise of protest he felt at having all the warmth gone around them. Sherlock gave a shallow thrust against him and parted his lips to John’s fingers.
Then she left, and he changed, and an orderly showed him back to the small room where he was being kept pending the medical exam.
The truth that Lestrade demanded was an interesting concept. Of course Sherlock’s conclusions had been true. It was his explanations of how he had reached them that were blurred. When he’d investigated the scene he had noticed the blood was the wrong type at once, thanks to that unfortunate incident his first changing moon and Temperance’s now well-hidden thrill at being almost caught whenever possible. He could tell the blood of anything from a woodhen to a stag if pressed, and that wasn’t even counting vacations. He had, at some point in the last handful of hours, come up with a perfectly logical, perfectly
John scrambled to his feet, socks slipping a moment before he moved towards where the Colonel defending his corner.
I want to acknowledge that for all his massive intellect, Sherlock was operating, in the last chapter, on raw emotional instinct. Just like with Mycroft and that sink episode, I can’t state that it was the “correct” way to handle the situation.
"You've only yourself to blame, Sherlock," Mycroft said. "You never paid attention when we tried to explain it to you, and you've done your best to eschew normal socialization. It's affecting you more strongly than it would otherwise, and that's affecting John."
“I could reconstruct it for you,” Sherlock said, sounding oddly detached in the same manner that his emotions were choked off, “but I am lead to believe that in this instance you should be telling me.”
John shrugged. Sherlock hid his smile, pleased at the small indication that they remained on the same side.
Unlike Horatio, Temperance was tall, looking more in the style of Sherlock himself, and a golden blond. She stood beside a broad shouldered man, John assumed this to be her mate, just as tall and blond as she was. When John followed Sherlock into the main hall she looked directly at John with a calculating look on her face before stepping past Elisabeth towards them.
John went over to the couch anyway, and went about the mundane process of cleaning the gashes on Milton’s face. “Still a doctor,” he reminded Sherlock. There was nothing to be done about the broken nose, the man would have to deal with that himself. Really, they ought to get him to an A&E. Whatever drugs the man had been given…
Reverse-engineering that into Dartmoor means that it's probably an area with very little cell coverage, so there's loads of open frequency to use, but any digital transmission is going to require a base station somewhere. Durga's theory is that it was a semi-remote server processing the data required for the communications.
John pointedly ignored a set of dishes with moist dirt on them. He went back to see what else was in the bag.
John paused, sipping his tea, and looked at the seating arrangements the two had worked out. Sergeant Lestrade was sitting on the unmarked side of the sofa, Sherlock obviously having inhabited the armchair before he rose to get the mugs, and there were still no other useful chairs in the room. He could go back to the kitchen, but-
Sherlock’s hands tightened on his wrists and his lips took John’s firmly. It had been easy to coax Sherlock into kissing, and though it had not been his first instinct for showing affection, he had quickly taken to the act. John was happy to reciprocate, liking Sherlock’s possessive fervor. John could feel the same urge in himself. Once his wrists were released in favor of further touching, John reached out for his mate, getting his hand into the blatantly
take long. The footsteps were quiet, even as they moved briskly across the park. John left his eyes closed and stretched his arms out on the back of the park bench.
John likely had not known about wolves before the attack, at least beyond folklore and old wives' tales. He seemed to accept it readily enough, but every mind had its breaking point. For a normal human-
“Let’s just get the questioning over with,” John gritted out, clinging to the very last shred of patience that he had.
Sherlock’s interest in his experiments - and that was what most of the clutter had to do with, John found, though he did not have to like it one bit - waned as the full moon approached. Sherlock’s subsequent agitated frustration at them went as well, so John did not take the shift too much to heart. Sherlock’s focus shifted in a pleasant direction, after all.
John lost himself in the distraction offered by the array of Sherlock’s feelings so thoroughly that the open back door was a surprise when they reached it.
Thank you all for your lovely comments. I've had to keep quiet on them because I don't want to spoil the ending with my glee at discussing what Sherlock's actually up to, etc. Also, my apologies for the delay in posting. I've been working on author-things outside of fandom, and they've eaten up more of my time than I'd like. (Creating a mailing list is hard, folks. I keep toying with the idea of having one for my fanfiction writing, but that will have to wait until after I understand how they work int he first place!)
John came back to the park gasping for breath as though he’d been held under water. He didn’t remember holding his breath, but the air rushed into his lungs and he couldn’t get enough of it. The echoes of the park - the fountain and the insects - came back and John was once again on the bench beneath the trees. John could feel his heart pounding in his chest, but he didn’t know if that was from the flashback or from Sherlock’s anxiety. Either way the thudding of it was a disturbing, almost painful sensation.
Still, Sherlock hadn’t said anything, and John didn’t have all his fancy werewolf senses to catch little things like that.
Sherlock required no convincing. He climbed back into the bed, still dressed for the day, and wrapped his arms around John. "John," he sighed fondly.
The file that had come up in the background check run at the precinct had mentioned a discharge of some sort, and Sherlock kept bandying about the word
John moaned, helpless with the pleasure of that touch. Once he got his voice back under his own control, he chuckled, "You seem continuously surprised by that. Like I'm something speci-"
The leading questions ought to be helping him remember. That was what they were designed to do, John thought, but all they managed was to give John a severe headache.
Connie tugged rather viciously on Sherlock’s sleeve, and her insistence drew even John’s attention to her. “You ought to just
“There’s milk and sugar,” Greg said, motioning over his shoulder down the hallway. “I just didn’t know if you took it.”
John leaned against the wall of the elevator, too tired to argue. “Groceries,” he said. “And a kettle.”
Grasping the sheets, John complied, losing himself in the pleasure of it, the pleasure of Sherlock's talented fingers and loving touch. A hand moved to help him along, stroking him through the tide of his pleasure, and John whimpered as it subsided and over-sensitive flesh was kept trapped in that sure grip.
“Most men ambushed in an alley by two blokes with a pipe come out strapped to a stretcher… if they don’t go out in a body bag.”
“I suppose it was her folksy way of saying some humans have an affinity for we wolves,” Anne replied. “I didn’t believe her for a long time. Gerard does for Marianne, of course, but it doesn’t seem anything like-” She gestured politely between John and Sherlock again.
Greg excused himself to check in with the EMT that Doctor Watson was, indeed, clear to go home. Sherlock waited, almost patiently, hovering around Watson like a honeybee to a flower.
“Honestly, Lestrade, you’d be better off having his shirt sent away to find out whose blood is all over him.”
He looked at the phone and tried not to think of her forcing it on him, saying that then she’d be able to get in touch with him. Throwing him a line, because she needed one, and how he’d been asleep when she called, asleep and thoroughly sideways off pain and a nightmare and naked and in Sherlock’s arms.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and jerked his head towards the hallway. "Better to get this over with before she comes looking."
I'll take this note down when I put the next story in the series up, but I wanted to let everyone who's following the stories know that it will probably be around the weekend of September 13th before I put up the next story in the series. I have Maid of Honor duties to attend to, and we have a big work deadline. I beta for myself, and I won't sacrifice the quality of what you're reading because I have a time crunch on my hands. I'd like it to be another ten years before I get any gray hairs.
“Your hand,” Sherlock said before John could ask. His voice sounded deflated, and John looked up to see that his mate had a stricken look on his face and his eyes were trained on John’s left hand.
The best I have in reference to it is an emerging problem that we had when running wireless microphone systems inside a metropolitan area rife with cell towers at the advent of HD channels on television. (We're talking circa 2005 here.) The trouble was the following: there is a finite amount of frequency available to a standardized wireless microphone. In the US that frequency competes with radio as well as broadcast television signals. They had (probably still do) a map of the frequency and the spots on the frequency of what is viable for usage. You purchase mics with a signal in an "open" area of the frequency, and pretty much hope that the theaters and venues around you don't have the same ones. Well, and HD tv signal takes up several times a normal signal, so you're looking at less "open" frequencies. And there's no regulation on this sort of thing, so basically you have to work around it.
Given that go ahead, John pressed one of the cups into his hand. They stood silently, both of them making similarly uncomfortable faces at the taste and smell of the tea that was somehow
The woman tucked herself more firmly into her coat, and John gathered up the essentials - bread, milk, some cheese, sausage, a small variety of vegetables,
He jerked awake violently, coming back to the waking world gasping for breath and with a heartbeat racing from some unknown terror that had crept towards him across that expanse of nothingness he’d been left to.
“They don’t work,” Sherlock whispered in his ear, as though it were some greater confidence. “Not strong enough. My body burns it off faster than caffeine.”
There were things to be thought about the representation that had been made of him. Things like how Sherlock had written him rather romantic in his double escapes, only to be felled by the inevitable frailty of his body. (John didn’t think of himself as frail, thank you very much, but Mycroft did have a point about that second escape being rather improbable.) Things like how Sherlock assumed he would survive the worst of it all.
“New,” John said, because even though it was nothing like what she was thinking, this was easier than the truth, because there was no way to explain
knocked John out quite thoroughly after the day he had, with barely enough energy to murmur to Sherlock, “Kettle,” before the darkness of sleep took him.
Sherlock did not even pause in his consumption of the sandwich he’d made - if the pile of meat could be called a sandwich when it so greatly outdid the bread involved - more than to glance up at Mycroft.
He wasn’t in the flat anymore, he was in that strange hallway in that country manor that he kept dreaming about. There was blood on the tile. John closed his eyes, pressing them together. He had never been in that house, he did not know that house, there was no way he was
“A lesser man would take issue with this,” Sherlock added. He tipped his cheek into one hand and arched a brow.
I took the process for this and applied it to a book I'm working on. I think the book's slated for ~150,000 words, and I've gotten to 126,000, so I must be doing something right. (Write? I almost typed that one, and it would have been cute but the wrong word.) Wish me luck on it.
But that empty response was years ago, before the bombs and the sniper’s bullet and the wolf attack and the sterile facility, before Sherlock.
From where he was crouched, Sherlock jerked his head up and turned to look at Watson as though he hadn’t heard that particular tidbit about the man before.
The simple statement drew the elder man's eyes back to John, and John was grateful for the military training that had him straightening his spine and standing more firmly. The old wolf's eyes were bright from within the wrinkles around them, harsh and calculating even more so than Mycroft's.
For a moment neither said anything, but Sherlock watched his face with a melancholy look, and John managed a smile for him. “Sherlock?”
Both because anyone who managed to navigate a relationship with Sherlock for any extended period of time deserved an award and because it took courage to have such an extraordinary partner.
It took a fumbling moment to figure out how to shut off the call, and before he could manage it he heard Clara’s soft voice say, “Be careful, John.”
A grudging acceptance was written in Sherlock's face. He leaned off John's back, but kept his hand on the door. "Not out. It's late."
“I wish I could tell you we made a habit of studying the bonds we form with humans, John. There are some records, of course, but they may not be entirely helpful to the two of you. And there isn’t time to go into it now,” she said with an apologetic smile, “the others will be here shortly.”
“Bloody hell, Sherlock,” Lestrade griped from beyond him. “You’d better be telling the truth about this, or I swear I will put you in traction myself.”
Sherlock spat, jerking the refrigerator door open hard enough that the metal of the hinges protested against the force. Sherlock thrust his head into the cold box as though there was something better than food hidden within it, as though it hid his mate from him and the absence could be rectified by a thorough inspection.
It was an inaccurate line of theorizing, but not a bad start. What John did say was, “And the sergeant?”
“Quaint,” Mycroft affirmed. “You’re rather polite for a trained soldier. Of course that could have to do with-”
Once they were free of the crowds of the station, Harry slurred out his name and stumbled into a hug, and John held his breath and offered her a hug back.
"My sons are very fond of London, which, I suppose is still a part of the land, though not technically our territory," Elisabeth said, sipping a cup of coffee politely. "I will show you the rest of the grounds after breakfast, John. The others will be here by nightfall."
The entire weight of him pressed John back into the cold floor, and John struggled to breathe under the weight.
John withheld the urge to sigh and roll his eyes. He could feel Sherlock trembling, just out of arm’s reach, and he knew that was restraint that had him quivering like that. “Sherlock,” he said.
Again, Sherlock’s bluster lost all its force. He looked up at Mycroft for a moment, as though sheer stubbornness might bring back the fury of his anger, but there was nothing. Sherlock gave up and turned back to the file in front of him. He stared for a long moment at the little collection of pictures, and flipped the top one over. Sherlock stopped at the next one, as though entranced by it. “I want him back,” he said in a low voice, running his fingers along the photograph.
Sherlock turned to look at John, then back to Mycroft, and his eyes glinted. “Precisely the sort of self-important name one would expect from an organization that cannot even recognize two separate members of the same species in their presence.”
“Particularly that the visitor was one of Sherlock’s former dealers. John, I had not thought we would need to discuss what is best for Sherlock, but obviously there is to be no further recreational usage of that sort.”
Harry was a bit of a handful, though she was still mostly asleep. John fought briefly with her flailing arms, pleased at least that the bruises she had didn’t indicate any altercations worse than falling over, and that he hadn’t found any needle marks. Once, years ago when he was still in med school, he’d found one, and it had terrified him when she wouldn’t wake up to answer what it was.
From a shelf inside the wardrobe, Sherlock picked up a fancy looking mobile and slid it into his pocket. “I haven’t gotten yours yet, I thought we might go together. Breakfast? Your stomach’s been complaining since dawn.”
Sherlock noticed, of course. He could care nothing for the pleasantries of human interaction, but Sherlock could read reactions – especially the baser ones – adeptly. At some point Sherlock seemed to have catalogued things about John, and was able to call up a comparison readily at any sign of change. So when Sherlock’s turn was a touch slower than his usual motion, John figured it must be on purpose.
Just as John had said, the sex drew from him a sense of being alive, of being awake and present in his body that had started to get chased away by the strange routine of London.
John sat on the cot, rolling his shoulders, and had to suppress a chuckle at the morbidity of his own thoughts, because all he could think was that
John’s mood tipped in favor of explosion, agitation a sort of ticking clock. He kept a tight grip on his temper. It wouldn’t do any good for both of them to mouth off at the policeman. Whoever this sergeant was, he hadn’t started off with just throwing them into the car and dragging them down to the station. That had to be worth something, at least keeping calm enough to prove their alibis. “We were out of town until a few hours ago,” he said. “I’ve got our ticket stubs if you’d like.”
Sherlock set his sandwich down on the island in front of him and looked at Mycroft. Long fingers settled on the counter amid the chaos of food he had taken from the refrigerator. Sherlock drummed the fingers of one hand, and his jaw tightened.
The Colonel was notably absent, the bunk over John’s stripped of bedding. John changed his sleeping position anyway, uncomfortable with the recollection of the fight and the dream before it. The other soldiers seemed to appreciate the act, and John learned a few names that he tried to hold onto.
"The doctor cannot un-mate the two of you," Mycroft said pointedly. Then he lifted his voice, obviously meaning John to hear as he went on, "It will take time for the connection between you to become less... volatile."
"I've arranged a room," Mycroft said, "as it seems the specialist is still en route to the facility."
"You sleep too much. Even Russia's only so big," Sherlock said. "If I'd had at you properly, we'd be in Dresden before we were finished."
It was worse because he couldn’t remember it all. He had no associations with the original wounds, just vague memories and a knowledge of present pain. He was smart, and anatomy classes were easy enough to recall so he could match up what was hurting with what had happened, but knowing it intellectually was just not the same for him. He couldn’t move his arm and know in a visceral fashion that ‘that was because of the gunshot’ or determine ‘that must be from the bite’.
“You keep saying that like it’s some sort of deterrent,” John replied. “I told you I had a problem with that before we started. And I can look after myself.”
John could only see the shoulder of his fatigue jacket, but it was enough to catch the man’s rank even if he couldn’t see the name on the front of it. “I’ll try not to bother you too much then, Colonel.”
After that, Sherlock fell silent. They walked together, close enough that their sleeves brushed from time to time, but for the entire hour it took to beat a foot path to their destination, neither of them said a word.
Apparently being a ‘veteran’ wasn’t much of an occupation, at least as far as Detective Spoon was concerned, and what it was of one came without much to recommend it.
“Three meters,” John replied. “You twitch and turn to look for me if I’m farther than that away from you.”
One of the bag’s contents was a brand new, expensive looking kettle. John thanked heaven that Sherlock had managed to remember it. Apparently there was some issue with John trying to get a kettle into the place.
Once the team cleared out he was left in the elevator with a quiet woman who stood in the corner farthest from him and stared resolutely at her paperwork. There was something odd about that, John thought, but let it go. The elevator soon opened up on the basement level, and the woman hurried out, nose kept tucked down to her papers. John watched her turn towards the direction a sign indicated was the mortuary department.
John felt like he had sprung a leak somewhere, and he was losing the contents of himself out of it. He thought he'd hit five days without Sherlock, and he wagered that if he listened hard enough when he was eating he might actually hear the food fall into the space emptying out inside of him. He imagined that the sound of the impact would echo on his inner walls.
John went about making two cups of tea the terribly old fashioned way. There still hadn’t been a moment to replace the castrated kettle, but he had managed to find a relatively unharmed tea pot. “It’ll take a minute,” he called out to Mycroft.
usage of the cocaine,” Sherlock said, enunciating each word fully. John paused, and when he remained silent, Sherlock continued. “I mentioned before that I had thought the suffering would be all mine. It was… intolerable, being separated from you. I was irritable-”
Sherlock’s answer to John’s demanding question was succinct, but unhelpful. He catalogued all the things he’d heard during the call, the traffic behind her, the tone of her voice, the wind picked up by the cheaper phone she was using than the one she’d given away. All Sherlock could conclude was that she was in a public place, likely in open air as there had been no reflections of sound to alter the admittedly tinny reception of the call. He explained all this while John dressed, and ended with asking, “Skipping the shower, then?”
John withheld his blush. Sherlock lacked the compulsion, preening slightly at the praise of their connection though his pride seemed to keep him from outright boasting about it.
That night sitting up when Sherlock had told him about London, his words had painted a picture of London as Sherlock saw it. A living, breathing entity that had it’s own likes and dislikes, that pulsed with people and a vitality that went beyond it.
Elisabeth looked at Sherlock for a moment before turning to John, a smile playing across her lips. “My dear John,” she said, “do I understand you correctly?”
Mycroft was unaccustomed to the level of despondence he could read in his brother, though. The had to be more than simply the drugs. The brother that Mycroft knew was gone, and in the admirable wolf’s place was left this listless, pining thing.
, as Elisabeth had indicated they would need to, at least John could tell his feelings from Sherlock’s, and in an extreme sort of a way, he could dampen them.
The concrete floor against his face was a shock of cold after the warmth of his bunk. It jarred John quickly through the groggy aftermath of sleep. His eyes snapped open, then went wide as he strained to make out his surroundings. The room was only dimly lit, with light shining in through the high windows over the doors to keep the space from being entirely dark without the overheads on.
John stooped and grabbed his vest from where it had fallen on the floor. He jerked it on, then snatched up his fatigue jacket on his way to the front door.
The empty hours with no response, the stretches of days that went along endlessly. Worse still, Sherlock had not even known he had needed a John. That as a concept seemed entirely alien to him, but now that John
A low, displeased grumble came out of Sherlock at that, but he made no further comment. He ran his tongue against the angry wounds on John’s arms, exploring each of the healing marks in turn, and then frowned. “We need these covered up. They’ll open again.”
“Sherlock?” John asked, voice gentler than it had been before. He was curious, again, and that was… that was nice.
“The police concluded, based on the scene, that the previous murders had been carried out by two individuals working in tandem, rather than by two like-minded individuals separately.”
The truth was not the story he'd be telling to anyone. John knew he wasn't a masterful liar, but it was getting easier just
Sherlock’s scowl at that reply was a full-body expression that began in his shoulders and telegraphed down the length of him until even the spread of his feet seemed to be displeased somehow. “Then what brought you to- Oh. Oh,
Of course from the outside, with what the cop had seen, it might look differently, but John knew that it wasn’t like that. Sherlock knew the same. If the cop-
That was ridiculous, the flight hadn’t taken long, and he’d done nothing but rest since leaving that godawful facility in Russia.
Lestrade narrowed his eyes at Sherlock, an expression telegraphed by the guttural noise he made more than by sight as Sherlock was still looking at John. Sherlock ignored him for the moment, preferring to concentrate on the sensation of John melted into him. John was warmer, he found as his fingers brushed the man’s temple. Not warm enough to be an infection setting in, but still something to take note of.
Sherlock waited, patiently, without reaching out for the good doctor. He sat on his shins, hands in his lap resting atop the remaining tea towel, and watched the doctor’s bent head. Sherlock focused on the blond man, ignoring everything else.
It was hard to hear anything over the memory, the sound of his own breathing, and the throb of his pulse in his ears, but John came back to the blue bedroom when Sherlock’s grip on him tightened.
“Clara,” Sherlock supplied in a bored tone even though John hadn’t asked a question. If he were thinking more clearly, John would wonder if the bond with his mate was telepathic instead of empathic.
“You’re scared.” The words pushed their way out of John’s mouth before he was even aware he was speaking, and once he’d said it he wished he hadn’t.
That was colder than John anticipated hearing out of Sherlock. John looked back at him, but his mate’s expression was stony and for
In the kitchen, the tea had to have over-steeped. On the little table behind John the food was likely cold. There was only one thing that was important just now.
Mycroft remained silent. Generally, he had seemed respectful of John, though somehow concerned about what had happened. More than that, Myrcoft had been the agent of their escape, and for that John was disinclined to think ill of him. Disinclined wasn't decided, though. Something about the quality of Mycroft's silence indicated judgment of John's statement.
like this. John adored him, actually. John felt connected, felt needed and wanted and so many other things because they poured out of Sherlock like the tall wolf had been waiting years for someone to be there to listen to what he felt. The idea that Sherlock might stop or… or
John shifted against Sherlock, stretching with a soft groan. Instantly Sherlock's attention was on his mate. They had been separated during their escape, and with all the layers between them it was hard to discern if John had been injured.
The only available diagnosis was one that Sherlock could not confirm. There was nothing specific enough about John’s symptoms aside from the fear and the disconnection to convince Sherlock that
In a head-on attack, the Colonel would best John. No matter John’s skill at boxing, which was rusty and now had to contend with his shoulder wound, the Colonel was taller and broader, a fact made all too obvious by the bulk of him cast in silhouette in the dim light. John would go down, bested by the reach and panicked strength of his opponent, just as the soldier who had been dropped by the left hook. Part of the Colonel’s advantage was surely the dim light, of course, but that was only part. Whatever had set the man on alert had done none of them a favor.
Curious, at least, John stepped out of the bathroom, toweling himself off. Mycroft seemed to pay very little attention to his nudity, which had to be a werewolf thing, and John was grateful for it.
But Sherlock was no longer focused on him. He was looking up in the direction that Mycroft had headed off in.
“You don’t seem the sort to hit up crime scenes in alleys by your lonesome, Doctor, if you’ll forgive the presumption.”
Sherlock stepped into his personal space, then. Long fingered hands stopped John’s at his belt, and Sherlock knelt in a rush, wrapped an arm around John’s waist and leaned in to press lips against John’s stomach.
“I’d be angry with anyone who threw themselves away on drugs,” John said, the tension within him at odds with the relieved feeling of Sherlock’s approach. He delivered Mycroft the cup of tea, and wondered if he ought not have done that.
Because Sherlock was a miracle, really, and John was an invalid ex-soldier with a twitchy hand and a trainwreck of a family.  Sherlock had a trust fund and a manor house and an extended family that cost more to dress than the cost of the Watson house and the contents of the entire Watson clan’s bank accounts combined. And Sherlock was silent, and all John could think was that it was too much to take in, that he was too much of a… a burden, or… or that he wasn’t quite-
The therapist was at that little conference, and when he observed John’s shell-shocked reaction, he wrote John a referral to a counselor that would be covered by insurance.
The teapot made it from where it sat to the tap and then the hob before the sergeant made an awkward, apologetic noise behind him.
That conclusion was in line with Sherlock’s rudimentary understanding of his mate’s situation, but the deduction was hard to verify. How, Sherlock struggled to reason, did something so small - that cut from the mug,
This would not, in or of itself, have been a problem except that Sherlock, and by extension John himself, had been commanded to return to Wiltshire for the moon.
It was a sort of treatment that smacked John with similarities to the caged room in Russia, and he had to fight down a rush of panic.
Elisabeth was absent from the table, John realized, though she had been with them at the start of the meal. John could only wonder if there was something that Rawden needed. The patriarch hadn’t been seen since the night before. The doctor within his mind began to puzzle through the aging of a werewolf. He wondered what strain it put on the body - on both the bodies. He wondered if there were any tendency towards arthiritic complaints, or tendon strain from all the shifting back and forth. He wondered-
Sherlock frowned, eyes narrowing. “You’re sociable. People talk to you about things. I’ve seen it. When they should be silent they find reasons to, things to say. Why-”
“Quite,” Stamford replied, shifting to fish out his wallet. “That’s Christine there,” he pointed to one of the pictures, “and our daughter, Kate.”
That wasn’t precisely possessive behavior, but it was… something. Showing off, perhaps. Well, the sergeant had initially considered John a hired personal physician, and that was right off the list after this little display.
Resisting the urge to tense, John continued the gentle scrubbing he was doing to the cushion. “How do you figure?”
"I must warn you, John," Mycroft said as Anthea fixed a falsified treatment bracelet around John’s wrist, "this will not be comfortable for you."
A cab reluctantly took them back to Montague street, convinced by a flash of bills in Sherlock’s hand at the first sign of complaint that a little smell was nothing to worry about.
It had not taken much in the way of deductive power for Sherlock to see that his ranting words had affected John. Likely, he had not understood what affect it had been, but he had seen it. He had not, then, finished his sentence. John had not dignified it with a response, and had paused only long enough to kiss Sherlock’s stunned cheek before heading to bed.
He stared at it until a pale hand covered the phone, and he looked up and Sherlock was there. The unreadable expression was still on his face.
Sherlock proceeded to make a meal out of John. John couldn’t find it in him to protest. He decided that so long as intercourse didn’t start equaling forgiveness, they were alright. There wasn’t much to do to stop Sherlock, anyway, and his mouth was not to be turned down lightly.
“In the interest of expedience,” Sherlock said, settling close up against John’s back, fitting them together as he stroked the hardening length of John, “I’ll explain why.”
"That," John chuckled out as Sherlock slumped against him and they both flattened out on the mattress, "was amazing."
It occurred to John then to look at his hands. There were smears from the fall, with little clean spots from where he’d sloshed his coffee. His pants and jacket were dirty as well, but there was no help for it until they made it back to the house.
It felt like something out of a fairy tale, honestly. The top of the hill was the one he had visited with Elisabeth before on his first visit, and now he thought of just how practical it was that they had such a large estate. John wondered if the other groups of the pack had the same amount of space.
John’s back hurt, his hand hurt, and his head hurt. Sherlock kept pace beside him, long legs slowed to match John’s angry stride, and the two of them headed through the morning streets avoiding most of the crowds.
"Did you think he didn't actually tell me what was going on?" John asked, all at once feeling annoyed. "Or were you somehow hoping that this was some sort of Stockholm-syndrome derivative? Do you think I'm not actually his mate and you're just... what? Testing me to see if it's true?"
I was unhappy with last week's delay of posting and the chapter ending up in this week, so here's chapter 9.
“If you’ve enough in your head to be offended, then I guess not,” the man said. He reclined in his bunk, closed his eyes, and shifted slightly where his hands were folded behind his head. He was a tall sort, but from the angle John was at he couldn’t make out much more about the man’s build.
Both of them seemed to be having trouble with it. There was a particularly dark colored mark on the bag where the box had been, and John wondered just
Much more of this tussling would break porcelain or ceramics in the bathroom. Neither of them were light-handed when dealing with the other, and this would go on too long if it was allowed.
Sherlock’s gaze was worried as he spun to look at John, and a wave of feeling hit John again even before Sherlock grasped his arms and asked urgently, “John? Are you- John?”
Truthfully, Sherlock seemed the most upset of all of them, arms folded in a way that puffed up his ridiculously posh coat. According to the witness who had called in to the Met, Watson had been alone in the fight, but somehow Sherlock had arrived before the squad cars. When asked about the scuffle, all Sherlock answered with was a thunderous expression.
Saved from that particular topic by the kettle, John busied himself in the kitchen. From the heap of glassware - it was amazing that the pile hadn’t broken or fallen onto the floor in a fit of pique - he liberated two mugs, which he washed on top of the other dishes with what looked to be an ancient (and barely used) bottle of dish soap.
Sherlock, who had been standing by John, stepped away, though he kept one eye turned towards him for longer than he needed to.
Once certain John was sleeping, and sleeping too deeply for dreams to trouble him, Sherlock freed his phone and began to look up what might be ailing his mate.  It was only then, by the too-bright light of the LED screen that shone like the moon in the darkness, while John was sleeping against him with a tight grip on his shirt, that Sherlock began to understand. There was a derth of information on wounded soldiers to be found on the internet.
“It was a necessity,” Sherlock replied. “I put together the clues I’d taken in on my first visit only after I’d returned to my flat. In order to be certain I was correct I needed to compare.”
“Who are you?” Milton demanded, jabbing a finger roughly in John’s direction and swaying on his feet.
There was not enough data to extrapolate further, and the lack of information threatened to drive Sherlock mad.
John paused as he reached the break in the bunks to more closely take in the struggle. The Colonel stood with his feet apart, fists raised defensively. One of the other soldiers lunged forward and was repelled by a vicious hook.
John didn't quite understand Sherlock's antagonism with his brother, but he wasn't about to question it. Harry could be the black devil itself at turns, but she could also be sweeter than pie. No few people assumed the sweet version was the only one to find, and thus failed to understand or even allow John his own, stiff reaction to her upon casual acquaintance. They didn't bother to look any deeper than what they wanted, and over the years John had to listen to a lot of criticism about his 'unkind behavior'.
Elisabeth led the way in through the back door, and their arrival was answered by a warmly bellowed, "Mummy!"
John could almost feel the punch to his arm and hear Harry’s raucous laughter as she would, undoubtedly declare that John had
After a full two minutes of glaring while Milton bled on their sofa, Sherlock muttered, “Kitchen, left cabinet.”
“You asked for a head’s up when it was that posh fellow what you busted on the cocaine two years ago,” Dotty said.
The flat was a worse wreck than normal. He could recall the flurry of activity that had been their packing for Wiltshire, made late enough by the pleasant distraction of naked bodies that there were articles of clothing interspersed through the general clutter of Sherlock’s filing system. And now the couch was bloody. John knew he should pick up the clothes, but with the door to the bedroom shut there was nowhere to put them away. That left the couch. He didn’t want to get started on that and then have to stop.
There was a bit of jostling as Sherlock herded John into the house. Elisabeth sent away the butler without asking for tea - though it was the hour for it, and John thought they might all be better off with a good cuppa - and the three of them closed up in the private study off the library.
Sherlock could think and say what he liked, but right now the flat was too small for all of John’s agitation. Walking had always been a good way to clear his head, even if it was rather late at night for it.
"I was on a course of antibiotics in a military hospital, so I can't really tell you how I was taken from there, I had a nasty fever at the time. I knew we were in Russia because I was in another facility before they brought me to yours." John took a breath, but hurried on before Sherlock could ask where the facility was or for any other detail that might be nagging at him. "Not every single person they employed was aware of how top secret the operation was. My nurse in Bratsk took a liking to me and practiced her English on me."
“Yet,” John agreed. A warm feeling emanated from his chest at the acknowledgment of them together in the future.
He didn’t know what would happen after the hall, and he wasn’t sure he wanted to be exposed to anyone with the sick feeling only just settled inside of him. Surely they’d find something wrong with him and then he’d get tossed back here.
The top of the hill was a welcome sight, and the slope back to the manicured part of the grounds was an easy one.
Sherlock was still standing near the front door, eyes trained on the sergeant in a way that looked predatory, a sort of look that John hadn’t seen since Russia. John paused, but Sherlock waved him in to the kitchen.
Just thinking of his mate sent a pang through the hollow husk of himself, and John did his best to keep it hidden the same way he’d been hiding the rest of his troubles from those monitoring him.
tending to him now. He’d been empty for so long that he didn’t know how to feel the wonder at his mate’s touch. He wanted to
With a roll of his eyes and a shake of his head, John turned back into the kitchen, looking for the kettle.
The technician turned the tablet back to herself to take a look. “Scarring, looks like, not from this.”
his active mind corrected him. And it was not that John was without emotion to share. The opposite was true, when he opened himself to it, John had the most vibrant of feelings.
"You people need to make a fucking handbook," John snapped, turning away from Sherlock. "Because I'm pretty sure 'physical withdrawal' is something you could have mentioned!"
It still sounds better than the alternative. Originally I had written that they were stopping in Kiev, Ukraine, but... well. Couldn't go there.
"I had hoped we could dispense with the worst of the venom until we were home," Mycroft said, taking a paper from the compartment beside his seat. "I have rather just rescued you from a questionable end."
Leaving the file where it was, Mycroft left the kitchen. He forced himself the few steps to where he had left his umbrella, hoping that Sherlock had been sober enough when his mate’s name had been invoked to take the question to heart. A childish impulse within Mycroft thought to text that to Sherlock, but for once that day he managed exemplary restraint and left his mobile in his pocket.
With a bit of a smirk, Sherlock regarded John. “What do you think?” Sherlock took a step closer to John, coming close enough that John could smell the stink of the skip on him and feel the warmth of his mate’s body. “How did you say it the other night?”
The rest of the room’s population seemed to shy away from John, either from the display of strength from that night, or just a general need for personal space after whatever had brought them to the room they shared.
“You are being uncharacteristically obtuse this morning,” Sherlock said. “Either this has to do with the revelations of last night, or you are being deliberately contentious in retribution to my avoiding your question.”
“I was not in control of myself, which is inexcusable, and the pain of... our separation left me in a bewildered state, I was... not myself, John.”
Wrapped up in his thoughts, John barely heard the commotion behind him. Halfway to the front stairs he was aware of Sherlock following behind him.
attachments. John wasn’t entirely sure that he understood what was meant by that, but he thought it probably had something to do with young love. Another weekend in the country and John could proudly say that while
The other occupants said nothing. There was an unspoken agreement that none of them trespassed into anyone else’s agitation, whenever it was possible. The vicious fight with the Colonel had been enough of a lesson there.
John wasn't sure what he'd call Sherlock's behavior was possessive, but as soon as the plane touched down something was different about his mate. At first John attributed it to a change in himself. He felt unsteady on his feet, almost like getting off a ship after a long voyage. Then he couldn't quite explain it, but something was obviously different. Sherlock didn't cling to John the way a human lover might, but the claim was obvious in Sherlock's behavior. The tall wolf kept himself at John's side and when anyone came near he straightened up to his full height. At first John thought it was a fluke of some sort, something to keep the driver of the sleek black car at bay, but then the behavior repeated itself. Sherlock towered over the staff at the hospital, and it was as much his behavior as it was Mycroft's solid presence that seemed to keep voices respectfully lowered as they were escorted to the elevator.
Sherlock made a noise low in his throat. It wasn’t precisely agreement, but John could only think of two people with the number to that phone. “What, exactly, did she mean by-”
There is a British military institution in Germany, but I have never been there. I've also never had to be repatriated in any form or fashion, much less a military one. At this point in the story I am writing without the benefit (or hindrance) of research into military protocol on these sorts of situations.
“They are foreign, undoubtedly. Not that it was a hard conclusion to reach, given their equipment and use of technology. Any local organization would be tracked by the packs and prevented from getting this far.”
That was odd. Or, not really odd, but surprising. Especially considering what Harry had said at the station.
John wasn’t fond of lying, so he chose his words carefully. “Seemed to think everyone else was a bit brainless.”
Sherlock reached forward and stopped John as he got a foot on the stairs. A strong, warm hand fell on his shoulder, and a feeling of relief spread through John with it. How many hours since his mate had touched him?
John pushed himself up. As his eyes adjusted, he could see that it was the Colonel from the top bunk that had lost it. In the light bouncing in from the halls, the large room was a forest of the bunks with the dark, solid shapes of the other soldiers spread through it. It looked as though what disturbed their bunk bed was the impact of a body. The groaning lump that had sent it toppling over was one of the larger occupants of the room, if John was able to make out the shapes properly.
As they headed back down the hill towards the house, John took a moment to consider that he continuously equated this mating… thing with marriage. Elisabeth had carefully reminded him that a wolf pack was not like a normal family, and this might be different too.
“Ah,” Mycroft said, settling his teacup in its saucer. He had been observing John’s hands while he has been scrubbing and noticed the stillness in them. “My brother returns.”
John couldn’t understand the reason for it, but somehow John knew that any reasonable argument against going in would go over about as well as tossing an aerosol can on a bonfire to stop it. He sighed heavily and turned back to the bedroom.
For a timeless moment, John was surrounded by warmth and the scent of Sherlock. He was weightless, and he was safe.
“Did you deduce that?” John asked, resisting the urge to huff. Enough of this talking, and even he was starting to second guess his plan.
The return to Montague street from Wiltshire that moon was rose-tinted and unrealistically light-hearted. Sunday evening, after Horatio and Anne had taken Connie home, Sherlock had explained that Connie’s curiosity was unusual for a wolf her age. Elisabeth, who had joined them again at that point, had added that it was best to discourage the young from
It took some doing, but John packed Harry into a cab, and then looked for one of his own - just as he realized he didn't actually know Sherlock's address on Montague street.
John was starting to think that every meeting with a werewolf from Sherlock's pack was going to involve being sized up like a piece of meat. He held a hand out to her, "John Watson," he said by way of introduction.
of all this had taken Sherlock unforgivably by surprise. It was almost excusable, given the startling feeling that afternoon of an irritated John going… well. The only way to explain it was that John had gone almost
"Not like this you won't," Sherlock growled in agreement, tugging John's fatigues open to get a hand inside.
John wasn’t sure if that was a good sign or a bad one. He wouldn’t have given her over to Sherlock, despite the pain he was feeling she was his to deal with after all, but…
The tea was settled away as the afternoon turned towards evening, and two sets of austere looking persons were brought in to join them. The room had seemed quite full by the time Emeric Lachance and his mate Daphne came in with Adrien and Viola Fairfax joined them.
John was glad for the distraction of the walk from Regent’s to Bart’s. The hospital stood just about how he’d remembered it, and Stamford ushered him inside, nodding them through the reception area and into the hospital proper.
The path headed up to the center of the park where there was a fountain in the center of a pond. Benches around the edge of the circle were almost entirely empty, except one where a homeless person was tucked under a ratty looking sleeping bag and several unfolded newspapers. John sat a few benches over from him, but didn’t disturb the man. Everyone who could be ought to be asleep at this hour.
“It’s not a criticism, it’s an observation,” John replied. “You of all people ought to recognize the distinction.”
“The same way I solved the last one,” Sherlock replied, almost yawning with boredom at having to repeat himself. “With evidence and observation.”
"Interesting," Mycroft said. John heard it distantly, and then the door opened and closed and the older werewolf was gone.
As though able to sense Sherlock's agitation, John shifted against his side, cheek against Sherlock's collarbone.
John held up a hand. “If it’s all the same, I’d rather not have you repeat to me what Sherlock deduced this morning. It’s not why you came, anyway. We could start with that.”
The angry feeling gave way to wonder at how Sherlock could almost read his thoughts sometimes. "A bit short," John replied.
Looking at the room now, it was obvious that Sherlock had made an exception to the scatter of his thoughts and research materials. There was one chair that had been kept clean. Looking at the room now, John was aware that it had been kept thusly entirely for John’s usage. John had not seen Sherlock sit in the chair since the mess had begun across the rest of the room, even when tea was brought up for them. Sherlock stood before the fire, or he paced the windows in his agitation. As he realized all this, John reflected poorly on his little outburst.
John spread his hands, offering a shrug. He was aware of the way that Sherlock was staring at him, and he could feel the nervous energy of his mate. The feeling was like a fluttering, refusing to settle into any single emotion. It was unsettling, to say the least. “Just what I said,” John replied.
Elisabeth cleared her throat, and when they all turned to her she gestured towards the library again, "Tea. If the four of you can manage not to squabble entirely over John's attention."
His mate seemed more curious than concerned about the introduction, so John took the cue that Horatio was alright. Elisabeth chuckled and patted Sherlock on the arm as she stepped past him, calling for tea.
“A fact I am observing,” John said, turning his nose into the fine fabric of his husband’s jacket. He breathed in deeply, trying to puzzle out what Sherlock smelled like beyond himself.
“Probably to cause issues with field testing,” Sherlock said. John could picture the hand wave that followed it.
There was a set of chairs in the hall, and Mycroft and the brown haired woman - let's be honest with ourselves here, John, the werewolf - settled down in them. Sherlock strode confidently to the door and pushed it open. John followed because his mate wasn't going anywhere that he wasn't.
“Ahh, yes, of course, two hours after everyone else from your shift headed off home, and you’re still at work. Never mind the train receipts on the corner of your desk,” Sherlock said, stopping beside John’s chair with a hand out. “Come along, John.”
His little isolation room had no windows - John was pretty sure at some point it had been a confinement room, and again tried not to think of the previous purpose of this facility, it just wouldn’t end well - and the bland paint was washed into a sick looking green-gray bearing the blatant nicks and scratches of its previous inhabitants.
John knelt beside Harriet. She hated that name, but in that moment as he checked her pulse, her temperature, made sure that there wasn’t anything wrong with her beyond a vicious blood alcohol level and a serious need of a shower, John hated his sister.
The park was empty, at least from the distance of the entrance. If John were in another mood, he might not risk the possibility that the park wasn’t empty as it looked. But he was, still, pissed. He tucked his hands into his jacket pockets and headed into the park.
Sherlock did not seem to share his confusion. He released John’s hand and stomped angrily up to his mother. “You assured me it would be fine,” he snapped at her.
intensified. John did not question the feeling, and he did not care which of them had felt it first.
Sherlock kissed him, then, right in the middle of the crime scene. It was hot, and John surrendered to it willingly. Sherlock’s interest was infectious. John did, however, manage to keep from getting an erection in the middle of it all, but it was a near thing. Sherlock pressed their foreheads together and closed his eyes for a moment. “Correct,” he said, still grinning.
The words came out sharply, even through the door. Greg winced. Detective Spoon wasn’t the sort that it was good to raise your voice at, even if you had a point.
No, he could be honest about John, at least to himself. It was nice to have his mate appreciate his mental acumen. Even if he was bound to and dazzled by his bond with the wolf, John seemed impressed by
“A single team could not,” Mycroft corrected. He contemplated the tilt of his brother’s shoulders for a moment and his expression shifted.
“No,” Anthea replied, “though that likely has more to do with the proximity to the moon than any desire to spite the pair of you.”
“Yeah, well. Put the robe on,” John said, “he can still arrest you on some pretense, and I want you back in-”
“Right,” Sergeant Hall said, relaxing fractionally and giving a short nod, “that’s… probably why you’re doing so well.”
By the time they neared German airspace, John wasn't so willing to be patient. Sherlock had been at his neck, and the course of his inspection had half peeled John out of the parka to get the shirt open enough to be sure of the 'rightness' of John's scent. Once he was satisfied, he'd taken to laving attention on his shoulder. Mycroft had taken out a laptop to avoid them in pointed disapproval, but eventually removed himself to another section of the cabin. It wasn't coincidence that it was just after Sherlock had given up the pretense of just kissing and had taken to palming John through the stolen fatigues. Any reunion between the brothers would have to wait until later, obviously.
“We’re going out, then,” Sherlock said, head tipping to the side as he regarded John’s expression. He gently liberated the phone from John’s hand, setting it aside.
It was only when John shied away from the blind inspection of his back that Sherlock’s eyes snapped open again, staring at him accusingly.
Sherlock finally left his leaning pose in the doorframe to stalk over to the couch where Milton was seated. There was vicious intent in his eyes as he went.
John reached up to grip Sherlock’s arms to steady himself. His mate’s body, at least, was solid and stable. The rush of changing colors was similar to rainbow tied around a carousel stuffed into a washer set to agitate. Sherlock seemed to be rushing from feeling to feeling, and it all but made John nauseous.
By the time the mugs were clean and the tea was steeping, Sherlock was up and paying the delivery person. John looked up in time to see his mate locking the door and then turning with a flourish of the dressing gown he was wearing.
The first blow of retaliation landed, and John’s jaw hurt terribly, but there was no crack of breaking bone. John could feel the fist connect with his face, but the experience of it was muffled, drown out by Sherlock.
The nightmare, the fight. John had passed out after it, possibly with the aide of pain killers at some point. There had been no IV, but…
I also do not necessarily agree with Sherlock’s denial in this chapter. There is an awful tendency to deny others their state of existence - be it thoughts, illnesses, or emotions - and I don’t support it. Yes, I know this is just fiction. But I live in America, and given the state of my country in 2017, I can’t post something presumptuous of the right way to treat someone who is suffering without some sort of disclaimer. I do not want to write fiction that is heartless or arrogant.
It was a possessive rush that went along with it, one that John was coming to associate solely with his feelings about Sherlock. John didn't know exactly what made him more annoyed - angry, John, let's be honest with ourselves here - that there might be something wanting in him or that a bunch of strangers, a bunch of strange wolves thought they had some right to pass judgment on him.
“John,” Sherlock said softly, in a tone that sounded heartbroken in a way that Greg had never thought to hear out of him.
It was something to do with… dirt. The entire page was filled with notations about the soil quality in various parts of the city, with something that on quick inspection appeared to be a shorthand reference notation. John had never seen anything like it.
The course of tea involved both Georgiana and Marianne arriving. Both were Temperance's elder sisters, made obvious from their open affection for her as well as their similar statures. Mycroft greeted his cousins with obvious pleasure, and as the pack began to fill the room, John began to notice similarities between them that went beyond physical traits. Their mannerisms were all similar. There was a stillness about them when they were watching and listening that mirrored Sherlock's, though John's mate had a rather singular focus to his attention that even his relations could not match.
A part of Sherlock reveled in the bewildered feeling, sharply aware that there was no choice of John’s involved in this sharing of it, it was
“No clue,” John answered honestly, still feeling overwhelmed by the relief and by Sherlock’s focused attention. “They never said.”
“Your mate has been less than forthcoming,” Mycroft replied, just primly enough to express his displeasure with John.
The kitchen was more of a wreck than the rest of the flat. Obviously Sherlock lived on takeout and… thin air, if the state of the sink and cabinets were to be believed. John took one look at the jumble of things surrounding the electric kettle and decided he’d go for the old fashioned route instead. The dented copper kettle was on its side at the top of the mass of things in the sink. Wary of the mess, John checked it, but it was free of any of the decayed or petrified remains that dirtied the other dishes in the sink. The worst of the mess in the kettle was the ring where the water had left its mark.
Sherlock frowned. He tilted his head and sniffed. “Sergeant Lestrade,” he said, making a curious noise low in his throat. “Shall we let him in?”
“Because I’m trying to figure out exactly how to explain that you are not allowed to strip me naked in my sleep before we’ve made up from a row.”
Sherlock’s strides matched John’s as they made their way down the hill, and the tone of his emotions - broadcast constantly and openly, it seemed, now that he was aware of John as the receiver of them - shifted subtly. The relaxation remained, but the pitch seemed to shift. The contentment was… different, somehow.
Both Horatio and Sherlock turned to the doorway behind them. John hadn't heard anything, but he knew his ears weren't the best suited in the room.
"It's bit late for arguments, Aldrich. I simply won't hear them," the older of the two said as the two of them came into the library, shrugging coats off that the butler took from them.
The sergeant stared at the pair of them. John steadied the teacup on his knee as his hand started to tremble. Sherlock’s thumb brushed against the back of John’s injured shoulder, brushing bruising and scarring alike, and John felt the tension in him relax just a shade.
The first time Sherlock had gotten into the liquor cabinet he’d actually turned green before he’d lost the contents of his stomach in a disobliged linen closet.
Just as John was getting to wonder about how they’d get back to civilization enough to get to the store, Sherlock was moving again. He stalked back across the cobbled space and declared that the trash had been collected since the murder.
Released fully, Sherlock’s knees went down and he crumpled to the floor at the base of the sink. His split lip and sodden curls were making a mess of the dressing gown with water and a trickle of blood. Mycroft could detect the symptoms of the sobering that their particular metabolism - well fueled by the the shock of the water and the adrenaline of the scuffle - were inflicting on his brother. He looked miserable.
"How did they capture you?" Sherlock asked, launching into a series of questions so rapidly that he must have been thinking them for
John knew quite certainly that he had done the best he could for all of them. His reward (and, at times, his trial) was the dashing, mad husband he had taken. The husband that John could not quite see engaging in sport like another member of the
So for the American readers out there, and I apologize if you already know this but I spent quite a while confused as hell when I started reading this fandom, public school in the UK seems to be akin to private school in the States. (Or boarding school, I believe.)
A rough grip on the front of his jacket caught him, and John was turned sharply by the man he’d run into. John briefly caught a glimpse of a second man standing behind the other one, with an awful looking pipe in one hand, before he was slammed face-first into the wall.
“Connie, lower your voice,” Horatio chided, more focused on his newspaper in that moment than his daughter, “just because Grandmother Elisabeth isn’t present doesn’t mean you may disrespect the table.”
The night had been terrible, again. After the meal and three chapters of the out-of-date novel he’d selected from the meager pickings the orderly had wheeled down the hall for him, John was left with nothing to do. He was confined to the room pending the results of his blood work, and the four windowless walls weren’t much in the way of company.
It was enough of a distraction from the noise to yank John back into the insistent climb of his arousal. He tumbled right over the edge of it, spilling himself in Sherlock’s hand and the sheets with a needy moan.
Sherlock’s eyes were bright, and there was a smile on his lips like what John was used to seeing on children around Christmas. He strode the few steps forwards and took John’s cheeks in his hands and kissed him firmly. “You incredible thing,” Sherlock breathed out against his lips, adding in a reverent tone, “you unforeseen treasure.”
Rather than interrupt, as this had been on the label when he’d made the purchase, John locked the door and headed into the kitchen. He reminded himself that they
"Growing up in a pack is not quite like growing up in a human family," Elisabeth said, looking out over the garden. "There were six of us, before the children. My husband's sister and her mate, and my brother and his. Mycroft was the first of the children, and he wore it with pride. Then Aldrich, Marianne, Georgiana, Temperance, Horatio, and little Sherlock."
A rough snort interrupted that train of thought. John was certainly no 'normal human'. He was singular.
A short, barrel chested man engulfed Elisabeth in a firm hug. Beyond the display of open affection, John noticed Sherlock hovering near the doorway into the main hall.
The only trouble was that he hadn’t been able to get to sleep. He’d tossed from one side to the other, trying to get comfortable with the dull ache in the center of him and the returning complaint of his wounded shoulder. Then it was too cold. He had grown accustomed to a long, warm body curled up against him or around him. And the sheets were clean, but they felt terrible on his skin.
Stranger than comparing a police sergeant to his in-laws (was that the right term? John still didn’t know) was that John could
Sherlock knew it wouldn't last. It couldn’t. He could already feel the angry wolf within him burning through the chemicals he had instinctively injected, knew his body was working against his mind, but time was very different when he was under the influence, and all those thoughts came very quickly and somehow without hastening the end of the high in the slightest.
Sherlock stared at John as he had yesterday afternoon, with an awed slackness to his expression and a glint in his eye. The corners of his lips quirked upwards and he moistened his lips with his tongue before lowering his eyes to his plate. John watched as his mate patted Connie’s hand on his sleeve consolingly, and Sherlock’s eyes returned to him as he bent to whisper something into the girl’s ear.
It should not be mistaken that any of them - Holmes, Fairfield, or Lachance - were without a temper or a flair for the dark and dramatic, but of all of them, Sherlock seemed to turn their natural tendencies into an art form.
“Coming to my flat late at night certainly means you believe it to be,” Sherlock said, eyes narrowed.
A few weeks ago - it couldn’t be more than two, could it? - that wasn’t a strange way to wake up. It was less strange waking up naked with Sherlock than it was that they were in a high-security cell somewhere in Russia.
Sherlock, who wound himself around John like an octopus, chewed on him absently when he was thinking, and regularly fucked the thoughts right out of John’s head.
“If it’s all the same, I’ll wait,” Watson said. He poked his head back out into the hall and looked up and down it. “Is there a lobby or… a waiting area?”
Mycroft cast a glance at the two of them that still managed to look more concerned than the smug twitch of his mate's lips from where she spied them at his side.
He lay with John on his chest, propped against the headboard with his neck at angle that would undoubtedly cramp by morning, and he read every scrap of information he could on what might cause a waking man to lose touch with the world around him. Drugs, of course, but John was not on any medication either prescribed or recreational. He did not present as having any form of epilepsy, and he certainly was not intoxicated.
As John headed out, his mate’s agitation faded from a present companion breathing in the same air space to just another pedestrian walking along the same path. The sensation of putting one foot after the other on the sidewalk soothed him, like the city was leeching his tension out through the concrete beneath his feet.
The Colonel surged upright, dragging John off his feet in the process. Strong hands reached up and clawed at his forearms, but it was John’s shoulder that protested with a sharp pain. The Colonel thrashed, trying to dislodge John. John’s shoulder screamed at him as he clung, wrapping his legs around the taller man’s waist to hang on. Thankfully the others found an opening, and pressed the advantage. The three of them took the Colonel to the floor, trapping John beneath him.
John thought that maybe if he could remember what had happened to put him in the first hospital, he could make the dreams stop. So when the part of the day came when the occupants of the bunk room were brought back from the evening meal, and after the talkers fell silent as the evening became night, John set himself a task. He tucked into his bunk, and for as long as he could stay awake, he tried desperately to remember exactly what had happened to him that night in the desert.
Once he was clear of the bedroom, John shut the door behind himself. It seemed like a strangely serious thing to do for some reason, but John couldn’t manage this with his mate’s interruptions. More than that, he couldn’t talk to this Clara person with Sherlock’s knowing gaze on him. There was just… too much to handle.  “Sorry about that, Clara.”
Sherlock didn’t say anything in reply. He set the mug down absently, taking a step forward. He lifted a brow questioningly, and John could read the question without hearing it.
Horatio and Anne exchanged a look between them, and Sherlock took up his coffee cup. Obviously there was some reason they weren’t telling Connie about it - probably something to do with the death-defying escape from incarceration, or perhaps how John had been all but trussed up as a meal at the time - but John’s lips weren’t quite as sealed as the others.
John had spent time in Hohne Station previously, when he’d been placed in the medical regiment. It had been a while ago, but the area was still familiar. The soldiers that took charge of him from Mycroft’s man were careful to keep themselves aloof as they escorted him from the hangar to the jeep. The trees and the brush were the same green that he remembered from before. He saw the surroundings from the back of a jeep as he was taken from the airstrip to the facility buildings as they headed to the eastern side of the training station.
“OI!” The sharp snap of the sergeant’s words cleared John’s head for a moment. “I don’t know exactly who you are, Doctor Watson, but that’s a bit much.”
Once the immediate shaking stopped, John's muscles gave out and he flopped back onto the bed. He was
There was a flicker of relief on Sherlock's face, and then he was up and out of the bed, stepping past John into the little bathroom. A moment later a towel fell across his shoulders.
“She’s not used to giving presents either,” Sherlock said, turning the phone over to examine it, “or she might have considered giving you the charger as well. The battery’s dead.”
"You are entirely too affectionate for a young man I saw three days ago," Elisabeth protested, but her words were fond. She kissed the shorter wolf on the temple before giving him a gentle shove away.
His John, who was currently asleep, sagged against his side trustingly. The flight was a smooth one, with only Mycroft's frown as turbulence. In slumber, John had slipped down a little.  At once Sherlock wanted to bury his nose in John's neck and to force him down and demand answers. To quell the urge, Sherlock shifted against the seat, turning his face away from the scent of his lovely, infuriating John.
mate. John fought the glare that threatened, but the glare won. Rather than give in to the angry, possessive feeling, he looked for a solution. Sherlock’s dressing gown was on the arm of the couch. John flung it at the back of Sherlock’s head as he passed into the kitchen.
Before John could answer, Sherlock had rolled them over and was up and off the bed, stalking towards the door.
For a moment, Mycroft did not reply, and John stood there pointing an accusing finger in the general direction of the couch, which happened also to be in the general direction of Mycroft’s mid-section. Mycroft looked at John with a patient, even gaze, and John lowered his hand.
In a city the size of London, John didn’t expect he’d go unnoticed forever, but he wasn’t sure who it was that had called out to him. He turned, surveyed the path, and saw a rounded man waving to him. He nodded back, heading over.
Sherlock sighed a mockery of John’s. “You continue to speak as though we are still fighting,” he said. “I have apologized. It will not happen again, as there was obviously some error in various, previously sound judgments.”
“Worse. Temperance.” He jabbed the volume button pointedly and tucked the phone back away. He held out a hand to John. “Let’s see it.”
By then, so long without Sherlock, John could feel that there was less of himself. What had once been
“The colonel has been put back in a private room,” Hall said. She moved closer, checking the bandages on his arms. “What happened?”
He felt Sherlock draw up in front of him. The man was like a force of nature, sometimes. He carried a different air pressure with him when he came and went.
Elisabeth flinched at the sharp tone of Sherlock’s demand, just enough to be noticeable. John, on the other hand, felt a rush through him that sent his muscles quaking and almost dropped him to his knees.
so that they would always be touching. It was a relief, it was a blessing, but it was too much. He ached for it at the same time it was happening to him. He tilted his head back and closed his eyes against the tears that threatened.
Sherlock concluded his call with a satisfied look on his face, and took a moment to clean the couch with a sweep of his arm.
But no. There she was, under the same tree they’d sat that day, slumped against the bark and looking considerably worse for the wear.
“You came here for a reason,” Sherlock insisted, arms folded imperiously across his chest. He’d put the robe on, tied it off, but there was enough bare skin to catch (and hold) John’s eye.
There was silence in response. Harry’s hearing caught up a moment later, and her expression shifted to one that was unreadable in the face of the rest of John’s troubles. “Oh, Johnny,” she slurred, reaching for his hand. It was just a peek of how much alcohol she’d likely consumed, but it was enough.
John came back to himself with warm arms around him and a soft blanket under his cheek. He could smell the chemical scent of what he’d worked into the couch, but stronger than that was the scent of Sherlock. His mate was wrapped around him, not quite at octopus level, but definitely cocooning him in the warm safety of arms and blanket. There was something off about it though, he could
Sherlock slowed further, reaching one arm out to take John’s elbow as they came to a groove in the dirt, likely where John had taken the tumble the night before. “Steep here,” he mumbled, tucking Connie against his shoulder as he assisted John.
Tightening his grip on Sherlock’s hips, John shifted forward until he was against his mate’s back, and then wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s waist.
John’s dirty pants and jacket weren’t an issue for the floor as they were discarded. Sherlock’s clothing went the same way. None of that mattered, the floor couldn’t tell the difference between dirty and clean. Then they were both bare and the sheets took them in.
- had gone through two cups of coffee and some biscuits. The caffeine and food were enough to make up for that morning, at least in John’s mind. Lestrade insisted he didn’t mind waiting, and John wondered what sort of a connection he had to Sherlock. John felt a jealous surge at the thought of the man with his hands on his mate, but something seemed false about that idea.
he wasn’t broadcasting what he felt about it. Rather than interrupt the call further, John pulled out of his grip and rose, heading into the sitting room.
What he did mind was that Sherlock ignored any attempt at discussing controlling their private broadcast network. In the end, John had to ask Elisabeth. The matriarch attempted to be helpful, but was very obviously distracted for some reason that she did not mention. John didn’t know how to ask her if he might help, and the entire business concluded in frustration.
John hid his frown at that question. It was not uncommon for psych evals to be detrimental to a soldier. John had known a few career soldiers that had ended up behind desks because of the wrong answers being given in a moment of stress. Telling the truth could end a career, and though John had no love for the Colonel, he wasn’t sure what it would mean for an officer like him to lose his job. John could even understand the sentiment. Before his own injury, before Sherlock, the army hadn’t just been a job, it was his life. The army had his friends and colleagues, and had been a better family in some respects than the one he had been born into.
The qualification did not sit well with Sherlock. It tainted the contented feeling, and nagged at Sherlock. Neither part of him was pleased about was John's reticence to speak.
am well aware of,” Sherlock replied, with only a slight grinding of his teeth as he flopped back onto the sofa. He sat still only for a moment, and then leaned forward to the containers of food, as though he were too agitated to sit still.
John did his best not to bristle as he headed into the kitchen to retrieve was needed. Behind him he could hear Sherlock’s voice, low and dangerous as he delivered a few choice words to Milton, words that started out with, “Whatever possessed you to—” John didn’t bother listening for the rest. Instead he chose to tackle the task of locating the first aide kit that Sherlock had said was in the cabinet somewhere.
“Whilst John is only recently acquainted with my former drug usage,” Sherlock cut in, “I see no point in treading lightly over the subject in his presence.”
thrust their hips together. There wasn’t enough friction, but watching what Sherlock was doing with his mouth would make John lose it if he didn’t do
Of course the first time he’d gone to bed he hadn’t Sherlock in bed with him, and the second time he had.
John really had no answer that he could give Sherlock that he wanted to own up to. Harry had forced the mobile at John at the train station, amidst the drunken fumbling hug and more tears than John was comfortable dealing with from her. He hadn’t turned it on since he’d reluctantly tucked it into the pocket of his jacket, so he didn’t even know the number himself.
Sherlock wished - a thing he had not done in ever so long - that time really could stop and this moment could continue forever. He stared down at John, taking in every detail of his mate that he could.
“Well there’s a spot of trouble over on Montague Street with his name on it. Not in your usual haunts, of course, but you did ask.”
Ignoring the caller seemed like a reasonable response, given the ache throbbing through him. Trouble was, John had been the one to point out to Sherlock, repeatedly, that they were witnesses in an active investigation.
The doctor seemed surprised at the sight of it, and had more than a few questions. John didn’t even have to lie much, he truly didn’t remember the injury itself. The adrenaline of the battle, the shock of the wound, and he couldn’t really recall how he’d ended up stretched flat under the burning sun with his uniform in shreds and his blood making poor progress at turning the sea of sand to mud. The doctor took several vials of blood and made some notes about John’s vitals, his overall health - notes that John could imagine even if he couldn’t read them - and there were some more very basic questions about his personal information.
The flat was no larger than the last time they’d been there. It wasn’t a shoe box, certainly, but it wasn’t very much larger. John couldn’t really complain, he had been in smaller and lived with less space, so it wouldn’t have been a problem if there wasn’t a considerable amount of detritus. Sherlock huffed and grumbled defensively about his filing system whenever John tried to bring it up, and John was too pleased to be in some relative form of ‘home’ that involved just the two of them than to complain that night. They ate, they watched some crap telly that ended up with Sherlock snorting derisively every time one particular character spoke. When John politely asked Sherlock not to drown out the sound quite so entirely, Sherlock stomped off to the bedroom. John was growing used to some of Sherlock’s oddities, and watched the remainder of the show himself.
For a moment, Sherlock stiffened, and then he put the last book down on the edge of the shelf. “John-”
“If you don’t mind my saying, Doctor, you don’t look so well,” the sergeant said carefully as John let them back into the flat. “Are you sure you shouldn’t have gone to the-”
Sherlock plucked the mug from his mate's fingers and set it away with his own, freeing up John’s other arm. It wrapped around Sherlock’s waist as soon as it could. That was an improvement, to say the least.
The thought sat in Mycroft’s mind like a boulder blocking a path. It was a bitter lump that sometimes obstructed the desired flow of things.
In the end, John gave Sherlock the phone, and set to cleaning the blood off the couch. Though there was no food to speak of in the house other than what John had gotten on his last run to the shop, but there were a surprising number of chemicals. The meat tenderizer was a brand name he was unfamiliar with, but it was the right stuff, so despite telling Sherlock they’d bin the bloody thing, he set about cleaning up as he’d seen his mother do when he was younger.
The man seemed to sneer, but it was hard to tell behind the door. “Get ‘im to cut out the racket. Some of us have bloody jobs to get to.”
“I doubt the sergeant would be so invested in you that he’d personally come and be the officer at a crime scene for you if that’s where the story ended,” John said. “If it were just that he’d have taken you in for questioning.”
there would be another surge of his brother’s strength, he was unprepared for the full force of it. When Sherlock snapped backwards the second time, a full body jerk, Mycroft was sent staggering backwards into the shower.
“Not that I’m surprised at anyone staring at you,” John said, filling the teacups he had set out on the counter, “but is he even-?”
With the door to the hall safely shut, John relaxed the grip he was keeping on his temper. He decided to clean up the broken cup and the spilled tea, which had been abandoned during the explanations.
They had fully expected Sherlock to do something to him, and it certainly hadn’t been for Sherlock to tongue wash him and then mate with him.
John chuckled and gave Sherlock’s waist another squeeze. Sherlock shifted, taking bow and violin in the same hand, and covered John’s arms with long fingers. They stood in silence for a moment, John holding on and Sherlock anchoring his arms. John buried his face against Sherlock’s back, pleased at the warm feeling of his mate and the loosening muscles that signaled a lessening of the earlier agitation. He was still mad, they still had things to talk about, but Sherlock went so far off the deep end-
"You have no idea what a pleasure it is to meet you," Horatio said, a broad grin spreading across his cheeks that made him look far more boyish than he likely had a right to look. He released John's hand as easily as he had taken it.
The sergeant jerked a little at that. “Are you sure about that, Sherlock? That bloke from last time-”
“I am certain the doctors in the facility will treat John in the manner they see fit,” Mycroft replied.
“Now I has to ask myself what a posh-dressed nobody like you was up to so early this morning,” the man at John’s back gruffed out right into his ear. He was barely John’s height, but had a heavy grip. “Especially in a neighborhood like this’n.”
Then, suddenly, John felt a rush of anger tightening in him, and he couldn’t pinpoint what had caused it.
pants. The brush of his fingers drew a growl out of Sherlock, and the feel of it in the kiss sent a thrill rushing through John.
“Just my hand,” John said, absently. That was odd, though, wasn’t it? He had a grip on the cup, but his fingers just let it go. That sort of thing hadn’t happened before, though it wasn’t out of the realm of possibilities if you considered the sort of wound he’d taken to the shoulder. Still, the wound to his shoulder had been months ago.
The words were out of Mycroft’s mouth before he could stop them. Though he regretted them as swiftly as he had his thoughts upon entering the flat, he could do nothing to stop them.
Looking up, John was surprised to find the bunk above the one he’d just made occupied, and frowned. “Excuse me?”
Whatever was wrong didn't show up on the tests, though, not beyond a slightly low blood pressure. John was physically healthy, if a bit undernourished. There was a lot of quieter murmuring about the twitchy arm and lack of appetite. John didn't need to hear it to know that the doctors thought he had PTSD.
Mycroft’s tone was soft instead of condescending or accusatory. John blinked back the memories and nodded, feeling that wrong sensation grow within him, like an itch left unscratched. There was nothing for it, though, no cure that could be had. John wondered what Sherlock was doing, and then forced his thoughts away from the dark haired man before they could stir too deeply.
Peeking an eye open, John was nearly blinded by pale, naked skin of his mate in the morning sunlight. Sherlock was sitting up, and had gathered John into his lap.
It didn’t matter. He clung to the idea of Sherlock in London, waiting for him, with the wind in his hair.
good sheets," John clarified. "I don't care what it costs. I never want to be naked on hospital sheets again."
“I have been absent from London for more than six months,” Sherlock replied, taking the containers of food and settling them on the coffee table.
There were eyes watching them quietly, John knew. He was certain that if he turned back he’d see a face or two in the doorway, so he didn’t look back. He let Sherlock bully him up the stairs to their room, and strip him out of his clothes. The bed had excellent sheets, which John was grateful for, and Sherlock pulled him close and stroked his skin contentedly. It was reassuring, being held close as though he were a precious thing.
And then John stopped time entirely. All the nauseating swirling of emotion from John came to an abrupt halt when Sherlock explained to Lestrade why he would not be leaving the house, and the unending sensation of time passing evaporated.
Neither of them spoke until the cab delivered them, neither allowed space between their bodies. Sherlock wrapped long fingers around John’s neck, measuring his pulse, and buried his nose in the hair behind John’s ear. John dropped his head back to Sherlock’s shoulder and got a handful of the wool wrapped around his hip. The other hand, the free hand with its tremble was caught in Sherlock’s own. Those long fingers smoothed John’s hand out straight and stilled it.
There had been other times between them, too. Not for years, now, but there were times without fighting, when the odds were against them and they stood shoulder to shoulder against the onslaught, but that was a given between the two of them that was expected but not so perfectly certain with their extended siblings.
"A dream, John," Sherlock said. Despite - perhaps because of? - their earlier argument, Sherlock's voice was low and worried. Wide eyes stared into John’s from up close. "I'm- You're alright. Just a dream."
John was amid a small group of similarly dressed men, four others all in varying degrees of shamble. Empathy was a part of what had drawn John to doctoring, courage and duty to soldiering. The doctor’s eye in John told him things he didn’t really need to know. He couldn’t avoid the telltale signs of poorly healed wounds as they moved down the hall, or the way the air seemed to clog around them with stifled misery.
Unmollified, Sherlock growled, turning back to the refrigerator. He wrenched open the door once more.
Sherlock glanced over his shoulder at John, pale eyes bright. “It’s good to stretch my legs a bit,” he replied.
A weight dropped in his stomach, the kind that would take him to his knees if it was what he thought it was, but he knew from years back that it was better to know. Whatever muck had stirred up would only be worse if he waited to find out, would only rile his temper and make him do something stupid, and wasn’t that just the way it happened? Johnny was the good son, always rushing in to try and save his sister, to stop his father, to soothe his mother.
Several hours of unhelpful sleep later, John found he was tired of pretending that the rest was helping. His whole body ached from his neck to his ankles, and when he flexed the muscles in his back he could
Sherlock ranted to himself in the confines of his mind - cause so much chaos? Everything he had known of John prior to this was stable, steady, and caring.
“Last I checked there was no crime committed in the flat,” Sherlock said, glancing at the couch and wrinkling his nose. “Obviously we’ll need a new sofa, but throwing out furniture-”
“Where did you see her?” That sounded like an odd question, until Clara went on with, “Was she drunk again? She was so upset last year when they contacted the family, and… she was doing ok with it, I thought, until-”
John looked up at the roof of the plane, fighting the urge to be angry that Sherlock had just half-stripped him on a plane and given him a handjob just to get his brother to back off for the sake of a private conversation.
“What are you doing?” John demanded as the sergeant yanked the door open hard enough to rattle the hinges.
Sherlock’s body wrapped around him, but beyond that, where normally he could sense Sherlock’s moods enough that it was like tasting him, there was nothing.
, John. Certainly not Lestrade. I have a pack, and I have you.” Belligerent, Sherlock tightened his arms on John and nibbled his neck.
There were three trains and various stopovers for John between the base in Germany and London. Somehow traveling the distance back to London filled out the empty space that had been gaping within him.
When John started to jerk backwards, two strong hands held him still for a second. Then two strong arms threaded around his middle, and Sherlock scooped him up and out of the worst of the mess.
The door barely latched before Sherlock had him against the wall. He was still hard from the plane ride, and John sank to his knees to rid his impatient mate of the impediment of clothing.
“Sherlock-?” John started, but found he was unsure what it was that he wanted to ask, precisely. Before the thoughts could come to him, he found himself distracted by further antics of his mate.
“Biologically speaking, there is nothing absurd about that statement,” Sherlock replied primly. “Your body chemistry is receptive to mine. It’s part of mating with a wolf.”
“John,” Sherlock said, wary but still interested. John could feel the draw he had for Sherlock, and the will that kept Sherlock from lunging. “Popular opinion is that solving relationship problems through the repetitive application of sex is-”
John cut Sherlock off with a kiss and said, "Any more all at once and I won't be able to remember them all."
John turned and headed back over to the couch, hovering for a moment as he checked Milton’s pulse before heading back into the kitchen.
“I’ll join you,” Sherlock announced, taking the stairs in the same flyaway manner he threw himself into most things, two at a time and rushing.
John grit his teeth together against the memory of all the scrubbing, clenching his fists against a surge of renewed agitation.
The sensation of it was bewildering. What Sherlock usually felt of John, aside from the intense desire that was an undercurrent to his warmth, was a general solidity. John was like an anchor in a stormy sea, if one insisted upon utilizing poetic metaphor to describe the sensation. John
The paper rustled sharply, and Mycroft's eyes were sharp as he glared at his brother. Sherlock met Mycroft's gaze for a moment before he felt the shame of what he had said, and lowered his eyes. He curled closer to John absentmindedly, seeking comfort.
Sherlock held up the phone, back turned to John. “Scratch marks,” he said, indicating the area around the charging port. “Never seen a drunk’s phone without these sorts of markings, not the sort of thing common from a steady, sober hand,” he said. “The two of you don’t talk. She was surprised you were coming back, surprised you were injured.”
"We really shouldn't dally in Dresden," Mycroft's prim voice interrupted John's attempted resolve. "But a few hours can be arranged."
John told himself it was just precautionary. He’d been six months out, he reminded himself, and then he’d been injured inside the facility. He tried to ignore the way all the colors around him were fading, the way that everything was turning gray, and the ache in his stomach that was growing more insistent.
Greg positioned himself down the hall from where Dr. Watson had been questioned. As a sort of a peace offering, he had snagged two steaming cups of coffee.
On the third floor there railing there was a smudge of blood, and then again on a very familiar door frame three down the hall from the top of the landing. It had been years since he’d last been in the building, last seen all of this, and at the time, things had been much different. It was early morning the last time, and the hall had gotten a paint job. Still, it was familiar. Before, there had been an angry bear of a woman living just downstairs, one who had a scowl that could freeze your blood in your veins. She had an over-sized cat that had a penchant for daring escapes and went into fits from time to time. Greg could almost see the fluff-ball streaking down the hallway. This was the same place, he was sure of it.
Life things happen and my goal of the 13th for a new finished chapter may fall flat. I can already tell you (without too much complaint) that Sherlock's a bit surly about it. (It makes the story so much fun when he takes to snarling and pouting.)
“Well, like I said, he’s not here,” John repeated, putting a hand up to his head as the sun caught on the pins on the sergeant’s uniform and glared into his eyes. “You could try his mobile-”
John turned all that around in his head. That didn’t answer the other unsettling thoughts of other bodies naked with Sherlock, but it was… it was something. It was unsettling to think of Sherlock with anyone else, but the shock of those thoughts was quieted by the warm arms around him.
This, of course, caused me no end of confusion at first, because public school in America is absolutely nothing like where someone like Mycroft and Sherlock would have gone. There's a lot of playground fights and big yellow buses.
“For testing,” Sherlock said. “If I can isolate whatever has been mixed with this, then I can determine the place that Milton was actually murdered.”
John couldn’t even compare the way he felt tucked into the chair in the coffee shop to how he had felt on the train, and it was nothing like the fog of the previous days in Germany. The ache was fading, miraculously, and the clarity of his vision was starting to admit a bit of color. He looked out into the darkening street and lost himself in the colors that the sunset painted things. Here felt better, felt right. It felt like if he looked long enough he would find Sherlock somewhere out on the street, just waiting-
“Go without me,” John replied. He didn’t fancy being confronted by the smell of that shop again. He didn’t know what smelling that again would do to him. “I’m going to finish this. Same shop? It won’t even take you an hour with those legs of yours, if you’re not waiting on me.”
That set Horatio chuckling again, and with a shake of his head the brown-haired wolf headed out into the hall. For a moment, John stood alone with Sherlock. "Who's Anne?"
Rather than keep the door open so the entire building could hear the shouting, John shut the door behind the man. It was then that John noticed the man was bleeding from more than just his nose.
A warm arm wrapped around John, and he felt a chill that he hadn’t been quite aware of before. Sherlock kissed John’s forehead and tugged on his waist. “Come to bed.”
Greg took a step back into the hall, checking the blood on the wall before taking out his phone to check the message he’d received. This was the right flat, that just wasn’t Sherlock Holmes.
Sherlock huffed and flopped himself into the armchair, long legs stretched out in front of him. “You may as well get comfortable,” he said.
“You can and you will,” Harry replied, face stern and unforgiving. John had never been able to tell if that was a look she had learned from their father or their mother. “Look, Johnny- John. I need to know-”
“The evidence that would be obvious if your forensic technicians were even remotely capable of doing their jobs.”
Released from stillness, it seemed, by Watson’s gaze, Sherlock reached forward and covered the doctor’s hand with the tea towel. It was bizarre to watch the scene play out before him, as though both men were moving through some unwritten script. Watson said nothing, but didn’t protest or lash out, as Greg feared any interference of his own might induce. He knelt there, left arm twitching slightly, sagged slightly forward, and let Sherlock wrap the tea towel around his injury.
If you haven't read that story, you will understand much more of what this is based on by reading that one. I highly recommend it.
Despite the lack of emotion being pumped his way, John could feel Sherlock’s approach like a steady beat in the back of his head, even as he dropped down onto the pipe-wielder’s chest and knocked him out good and proper.
Greg pressed his lips together. He had a strong stomach, but that scene had managed to unsettle him. He wouldn’t dwell on it now. “You seem to be trying to keep Sherlock from getting arrested.”
“This is a bit much,” John said, leaning forward to set the glass on the coffee table in front of the couch. He pushed up to his feet. “I’ll just go on to bed. I’m sure I’ll see you again at breakfast.”
John looked over, but Sherlock was looking ahead, eyes bright and taking in the morning around them. What was Horatio’s joke that Sunday morning? He could
terrified John as suddenly as the nightmares he’d had in Bratsk. This time he didn’t have to suffer through and hope that morning looked better, though.
Stamford’s expression fell to one of sympathy, and John shook his head with a little chuckle. “I’m sorry, mate, I-”
“Half eleven,” Sherlock replied absently, paying far too much attention to the food he was working on.
The uneasy feeling came back, and John had to wonder if it was something to do with how long it had been since he'd eaten. He generally had a strong stomach.
Matthews held the door as the two of them entered, and Sherlock’s eyes flicked towards the door of his laboratory. John could almost see the thoughts churning in his husband’s handsome head. Sherlock had been putting off setting up his laboratory since before John had joined him in 221, and now that the case was done, he was buzzing in anticipation.
In the end he hadn’t even had to explain that it was pig’s blood, which was good because as soon as John’s distress had evaporated so had Sherlock’s well thought out explanations.
Oh my goodness I wasn't sure I was going to survive NaNo this year. @_@ One more day and 5,994 words to go to reach 75,000 (which was my final word count lat year).
The words weren't spoken in any tone harsher than the sneer Sherlock had used moments before, but it was a slap in the face. John's whole body tensed.
“She gave you the phone to make sure she could contact you, but failed to give you the charger. Either she was too drunk to think about such a thing or it’s common for her not to think things all the way through. I imagine Clara has a similar problem with her.”
“Feedback loop,” Sherlock said, chuckling into his skin. The proximity and the bright beacon of Sherlock’s smugness and elation and pride and-
Once he got out there, it seemed almost pointless to ask, as Sherlock twisted his lips and tongue around phrases that John was positive were simple but sounded like verbal acrobatics. Instead he turned into the kitchen to work on their tea.
Rolling his eyes, Sherlock hauled John upright. John put his feet on the floor and set about righting his clothing on his own.
That thought came with the bitter taste of a dry mouth in the scorching sea of sand. When John blinked he could see the glaring sun and feel that weightless feeling of a body without enough blood in it.
special," he growled, fingers twisting exquisitely, "Beautiful, clever, impossibly strong," Sherlock kissed behind his ear lingeringly, and John didn't even fight the renewed moan of pleasure at all the feelings the slick digits were wringing out of him. "My perfect mate."
If Temperance had any sort of comment, it was lost when the blond man stepped over. John's hand was taken from her and a pointed sniff was given. "Charles," the man said, eying John a moment before turning to his mate. "I thought he'd be younger. Or taller."
The pair of them went to the scene early the next morning well before the traffic in the area had picked up, though how Sherlock had known the traffic patterns in the area was beyond John’s reckoning. The scene was removed from view, down a stretch of road that had some old plant or warehouse on it, and behind an office that looked like it got little traffic from time to time. John reckoned there were probably some very bored workers that went in and out of it, and hoped (even though he knew better) that however Milton had looked when he was found wasn’t the sort of thing that would traumatize some poor old office lady.
When he shivered, Sherlock shifted onto his side and pulled him closer, leaning in to take a deep inhale of John's scent. "I didn't chose you because you survived," he said, one hand coming up to trace the exit scar on John's shoulder. "I didn't know, John, but
Once John was settled, Sherlock perched on the arm of the chair beside John, one arm across the back of it, bracing John’s shoulders.
, John decided - had known Sherlock for years. Each of them had a story about how Sherlock acted, things he had done, what he liked and what he hated. Amid the drinks that were handed about and in the evening light of the library, they seemed to be conversing specifically about Sherlock rather than other things. The rational part of John’s brain knew that Sherlock was the only thing he had instantly in common with them, and common ground was a good place to start a conversation, but whatever part of him was mated to Sherlock was anything but rational. Mycroft’s challenge in Dresden, Sherlock’s warning upstairs, Elisabeth’s surprise at meeting him, the chip on Charles’s shoulder, Aldrich’s paranoia… all of his closer interactions prepared him to be wary of this new family he was being introduced to, and the common ground just seemed like they were flaunting their knowledge of Sherlock to the newcomer.
Mycroft had been right to bring Sherlock back to London. In Wiltshire he had been rotting, turning into a hateful creature unable to function and lashing out because of the stagnation of the place. London was better, but even London, in all its writhing glory, was empty of the one thing that Sherlock needed.
Despite John’s edict, they all stood awkwardly with the silence hanging in the air between them. It was probably to do with how well the sergeant knew Sherlock’s history, and how pissed off John was despite his efforts to hang on otherwise. He could feel Sherlock’s general agitation, like a sip of sour milk in his tea, and it wasn’t helping his mood. He wanted this man out of their flat, hell, he wanted out of their flat, if he was honest. His eyes kept drifting for the door.
John looked at his sister, and everything that had been there before was still there - the shouting, the drinking, a number of hurt feelings and a string of broken promises. But there was more than just what was there before. Before, Harry had been untouchable, isolating herself by putting the alcohol between her and the rest of the world.
A shiver went through John at that, to think that so much time had passed and he hadn’t been able to mark the days as they went by. He wondered if it would have made it better or worse to know as it was happening, to know if-
“Of course you’re likely correct,” Sherlock allowed as the two of them skirted around a small parade of strollers on the sidewalk up from the tube, “I’d come to the same conclusion, given her last point of contact. Still, I missed something. What’s in the park?”
“Too late,” the sergeant said. “With the amount I’ve been running in to you this week, it’s almost social. That means manners.”
When the doors opened, Mycroft led the way just behind the orderly. The woman from the pickup was at his side. John didn't know how she had come and gone or where she had been when they were on the plane, but she obviously wasn't a threat. Mycroft was far too relaxed for that. John might not know who she was, but at least he knew that Sherlock's brother was concerned for Sherlock's safety and well-being. Mycroft wouldn't bring a threat along, John was sure of it.
--the story appears to finish with a chapter 10. This chapter, again, snuck up on me out of the blue. (Reminds me of one of the character's comments about Sherlock:
Rather than rise to the bait, John headed over to where their coats were hanging. He tried not to wonder what he would find in Sherlock’s pockets.
John tried to focus on her, but it felt wrong. The wrong pair of arms were around him, the wrong body pressed to his, the wrong worried voice rasped into his ears. There was no way to say to her that would make sense. The lingering ache in him was keeping him from thinking straight. He couldn't remember the script Mycroft had given him to read, and without it John knew he wasn't a good liar. Especially to Harry.
the flat was a wreck. The door to the left must be to the kitchen, if the tile was any indication, and the one on the far side of the room had to be the bedroom he’d just stormed out of.
There seemed no response coming from Sherlock. John put his head against Sherlock’s arm again, closing his eyes. This time the noise of the water didn’t bother him, he had the noise of Sherlock’s breathing to stay him.
That query received no response. Sherlock went back to staring at the pictures of John, silent and still.
“Not like this,” Sherlock demanded, planting a hand on the bed and pulling up and out of the kiss. He made no move to stop John’s hand, though.
Charles's shoulders tensed, and Temperance pressed her lips together, narrowing her eyes at her pack mates. The pair of them seemed almost ready to launch themselves at Sherlock and Horatio.
He had been wondering what it meant since it started, but the longer it went on the more troubling it was.
Of course the full moon brought other wolves to the house. It wasn’t the full pack - Mycroft would explain to John over a cup of coffee following a hearty dinner just what the logistical nightmare it was trying to keep that many wolves unnoticed from the population - but the personalities were big enough to make up for the lack of bodies.
“Lestrade put me in handcuffs. It was utterly ridiculous. He spent twenty minutes lecturing me on how wrong it was to break into crime scenes, how suspicious.” Sherlock snorted. “How pedestrian.”
"If she did, it would be entirely her fault for what she saw," Sherlock replied, still eying John in a way that suggested they ought to be alone somewhere. John wisely kept his mouth shut, unsure what he might say given the rush of heat that hit him just from the predatory look Sherlock had turned on him.
One of the police officers stepped into the doorway, mobile belching out harsh static, and both John and Sherlock shifted to face it.
I'm already poking at the next installment of this, but I am quite curious as to what you readers think may be coming in the next bit. Leave me a comment with your theories. ^__^
He couldn’t tell which was funnier, the swift change in Sherlock’s focus or the absolutely scandalized look Sherlock gave him.
Sherlock turned his attention hastily back to the pavement, bending further in the manner of some figure that Greg had only ever seen in origami to reach under the dumpster without laying on the stained tarmac of the alley. When he unfolded it appeared that Sherlock had fished out a scratched mobile.
Everything else went quiet, like there was nothing else to hear. The sounds of the flat, the voice of the sergeant standing behind him, it all fell away, and all John could hear was his own breathing.
Perhaps it was something else. Perhaps it was a delayed reaction to what had happened initially. Perhaps his nightmares had less to do with the
Sherlock pressed his lips together, straightening up well within John’s personal space and inspecting him for a moment. Reading him, deducing him, whatever.
Sherlock sighed slightly, glancing at him with a very concerned expression on his face. “Do you not… want me anymore?”
“Don’t be tedious,” Sherlock huffed. He smoothed a finger across the back of the phone. “She’s an alcoholic.”
John opened his mouth, and then he closed it. There was nothing. The memory was gone, but the sense of it was there. He turned in to Sherlock’s embrace, burying his face against his mate’s stomach.
The lead paramedic nodded, looking just as surprised by the direction as Lestrade felt hearing it. Then John Watson stepped back and let them at their patient. He picked up his tea cup again, sipping it for a moment before he noticed Lestrade was watching him. “Tea, Sergeant?”
“Someone want to catch me up?” Lestrade asked the PCO that was standing awkwardly near the door, keeping an eye on the bloody man on the couch and, possibly, the blond man sipping the tea. It was hard to tell though, the blond man might have been eying the PCO.
“I suppose he suits Marianne well enough,” Mycroft said, straightening upright and adjusting the fall of his coat. “But he wouldn’t last five minutes with Sherlock.”
There was a noise behind them, and John didn’t have to look back to know that Sherlock had sauntered into the room. He could feel the radiating anticipation of his mate as he drew near. John didn’t know what Sherlock was so excited about, but he felt an answering rush of relief in himself just from the renewed proximity. “What he has failed to mention is that he and his charming wife were supposed to go away this weekend,” Sherlock announced.
Then again, Sherlock could be an insufferable bastard. Lestrade could imagine a queue of people lining up to beat some sense into him without even stretching his imagination. Not to mention the older brother.
Time passed sluggishly, two days of listening to the soft groans of the wounded, of familiar speech that took John right back to where he'd been when he'd been in that military hospital in Kandahar. None of the talkers - McTim, Anson, or Crouch - had much to say beyond general personal information. John listened to how they had gotten there, but only with half of his mind. He didn’t offer anything back. He didn’t know what to say.
In response Mycroft let out a snarl loud enough that it rattled the medicine cabinet’s mirror on its hinges.
John told himself sternly as he pulled the nightshirt over his head. The admonishment did nothing to prevent him from watching Sherlock finish undressing. It did not even begin to temper the admiration in his eyes as he did so.
“You’ll debrief properly later, Captain,” the medical sergeant - Hall, her nametag read - said as she scribbled on her paperwork. “Someone with higher rank than me, of course. I’m really just making sure you’re not carrying anything contagious.”
Also, this chapter completes Exogamy, or at least the first half of it. The second half of it will come later, so I'll be marking this story as "complete" for now.
"I highly doubt any court would find you derelict of your duty for failing to escape from a second enemy held territory after having been tortured."
John was reasonably certain that anyone else would feel intimidated by the wolf, not because of his confidence, but because of the unsettling quiet that finished off his polished facade. John ignored the itching sensation he got at being scrutinized and focused his thoughts on the present topic.
Sherlock slammed the refrigerator door hard enough that the entire over-sized unit was thrust back into the wall with a heavy bang and an oddly low cracking noise as the plaster gave way to the force of the impact.
For my Sherlock-type personalities, of which I am coming to understand that I am one, it may be interesting to note that
, or some other rot. The trouble was that from where John was inside of himself, those words were on the other side of a desert that rivaled the Sahara. Instead of saying anything, he stared at his hand, waiting for it to start twitching again.
John wanted, very much, to know what that uncertainty came from. He wanted to question it so that he could answer, because if Sherlock’s question was ‘will you be there?’ then John’s answer would always be ‘With you.’
“Knackered,” John let out in a huff. Sherlock moved closer to him, standing him upright, but kept his hold on him. “I’ll be alright.”
“Maybe,” John conceded. “If you tell me what else you can ‘reasonably assume’ or ‘logically conclude’ about this whole mated thing.”
John didn’t deign that remark with a response, turning for the stairs. He didn’t hear Sherlock’s footsteps either in the direction of the lab or following behind him, but he could feel Sherlock’s eyes on him as he ascended. All John wanted, in that moment, was their warm bed and Sherlock’s arms, barred that he would like the warmth of the sitting room and a full stomach. He was quite ready to sleep off the last few grueling days of the case.
“Your vocabulary is astounding,” Sherlock said, voice sounding as though it was coming from the kitchen doorway.
His mate settled, stroking his spine in all the stiff places in a way that was slightly uncomfortable but perfect. Sherlock’s touch left John’s back at ease, and Sherlock curled closer around him reinforced the sensation. “Sleep,” Sherlock offered, “it’ll be brunch today.”
That statement turned John's wonder to amusement, and John chuckled. Sherlock joined him, stroking his side and kissing his neck gently. Once the chuckling had subsided, John figured he'd be better off starting the conversation than letting Sherlock do it. "So you've got questions," he prompted.
John was there, but it was like standing by a water pipe on a hot day. The cool temperature meant that there was water on the other side of the metal, but he could die of thirst before he got through to it.
Greg checked his watch. It was still early afternoon. Abbey wouldn’t be cursing his name just yet, and they could still catch the train later. It felt
John didn’t have much argument at that, so he chuckled into Sherlock’s neck. Sherlock tugged him back down and stroked his back. Finally, John came up with a retort. “We are witnesses in an open case.”
Sherlock grinned at John, all wolf, and leaned back. He stretched out and pulled the robe on, and John turned to make tea. “Hope you like mint, sergeant.”
Sherlock climbed off him and then off the bed. He stood awkwardly beside it for a moment, hovering. His eyes darted over John from top to bottom, and then he edged towards the door. "I'll just... go back, then."
Well, no, Milton had gotten the good doctor into this mess, and being a doctor was what had gotten Watson involved with Milton.
Those words struck him. A fuzzy memory from a bloody sandpit came to mind. A slender body dragging a larger one, a barely breathing comrade stubbornly pulled from danger.
Watson seemed untroubled by the altercation, though he seemed to lament the smashed bags that were being poked at by a uniformed officer. He kept glancing that way with an expression between hope and regret. Greg ignored it as best he could, still surprised that he was once more with Sherlock and his Watson fellow. Watson still seemed nice, but there was something more there. There had to be, if he’d turned the two punks into moaning sacks of bruises.
For a moment, John’s thoughts stuttered. Then a flip switched inside him. Something uneasy stole into him, and anger came with it. He clenched his left hand, but it shook anyway. Sherlock’s gaze fixed on it, and his brows drew together in confusion.
“It was an age,” Stamford replied. “I’m not surprised you didn’t recognize me.” He patted the roundest part of himself. “I’ve packed on a few since then.”
in two varieties - as Sherlock had not yet stated a preference for a particular blend or kind - and a kettle. He wasn’t too worried about the sturdiness of it, something told him that nothing would last long in their kitchen.
The warmth was a shock, and with it came a bit of what had happened before. It was just a flash of a concerned expression on a face that John thought he should recognize but didn’t quite.
“Cocaine,” Sherlock said, finally looking up at John. “To which I have no biochemical addiction that you need fear. I never shared needles, so if you can allay that worry before it grows root in your fertile imagination, we will save ourselves another needless argument.”
which was that a troll spat on it when I was still posting it, and my entire path forward evaporated. (Thanks to all of you lovely reviewers who ask questions and have intelligent comments instead of throwing matches at things.)
Greg wanted to laugh at that, for some reason that he couldn’t fathom. Something about the short man nonchalantly declaring something like that was worth a chuckle. But that would be utterly inappropriate. This was at least partially a crime scene, and this man could very well be a suspect. “And you are?”
“There are a lot of them,” Sherlock said, stepping closer when John didn't step away. “You have a smaller family.”
He sucked hard on Sherlock’s fingers between his lips. The man was talented with his mouth, no matter what he chose to do with it. Too soon Sherlock decided John’s hand was damp enough, because he stopped, and slid his hand away. They wrapped their hands back around the hard lengths of them, and that was just it.
From the look on John’s face, he was withholding his opinion, for the moment. Likely it had to do with some notion that was very obvious, possibly along the lines of:
alley? How could anyone tell one type of blood from another? The skip, the car fumes… all the samples came back contaminated.”
his face. John was a little warm, he thought, through his sleep shirt, but Sherlock couldn’t be certain without touching him. From the weight on him, John was as fully leaned into him as he could be without dumping out the mug of tea he was holding. John's turn, his
Sergeant Hall gave him a small smile instead of a reply, and then nodded towards the stack of his clothes on the end of the cot. “Well, it obviously did you some good. Get dressed, and I’ll make sure there’s an orderly to take you back to your room.”
John Watson had seemed enough of a competent soldier - certainly their escape proved that much! - and was strong, strong enough that he was who the wolf had chosen, the one Sherlock had likewise accepted. If Sherlock had paid more attention to Mycroft - an idea so unlikely as to be dismissed outright - he would surely have pieced together the details he had noticed further. A soldier might be injured in a similar way, but how likely was it that-
"Mate for life," John said, tossing the towel onto the bed. Mycroft looked surprised. "Or did you mean that you lot are possessive? Stronger than I am? Faster than I am?"
Sherlock was obviously determined to stay in bed this morning, despite all metabolic necessities that might attempt to encroach on the plan.
“Whatever idiotic interference you are contemplating, desist,” Sherlock snapped. He swung the bag he was carrying at Greg and blustered into the kitchen.
It was several minutes before Sherlock followed, brows furrowed. A pinched look tightened his features beyond the usual intensity he wore.
The sharp, unfiltered sting of the blow drew John to instant attention. That was a very good thing, because when he was paying attention, he at least stood a chance of not needing reconstructive surgery at the end of this. John was even a bit of a boxer, though this wasn’t the same. There was a measured sort of back and forth of what would belong in a ring, but this was a street fight. What did John a better turn was that he had a better awareness of his surroundings than the pipe-wielder. As they traded swings, John managed to back him across the fallen bag with the kettle in its box.
I was even anticipating anything. Writing these two is honestly sort of like gambling, and isn't that appropriate?)
"Shall we have it out now, then?" Sherlock replied, sounding bored. "You and I don't have such different taste, obviously."
John Watson," Horatio said, lowering his voice as though sharing some secret, "not that makes a whit of difference on which way the wind blows."
Sherlock soothed him by shifting the hand on the back of the couch to his shoulder and giving it a gentle rub. He still wasn’t broadcasting his feelings, but that touch felt just as reassuring. John’s eyes drifted shut.
There was no way that this was pillow talk, which meant Sherlock had been awake and thinking through this for a while. John felt a chill as he realized what Sherlock was referring to.
Sherlock sighed again, “This is insufferable,” he grumbled. He leaned back into John, head tipping back so that he could stare at the ceiling.
The number of people in and out of the flat was unacceptable, but the rational part of Sherlock’s mind knew it was far safer to abide their presence than it was to throw them all out. Throwing them out would require a call to Mycroft to sort out the mess, and beyond the annoyance of it, Sherlock refused to turn for help. He and John could manage just fine on their own.
“Well I’ll be certain to tell him, though next time you decide to re-gift a present, you might consider including the charger.”
Sherlock pressed his hands to his thighs, fingers digging into the fabric of the slacks he had been provided.
It was one thing for Mycroft to challenge him in Dresden, or for Temperance to be nosy, or for Aldrich to be defensive, but this was Sherlock. This was his mate. His mate who glossed over the important parts when they had time without surveillance to discuss that sort of thing, and who seemed to forget that John was
The sudden wash of feeling had overwhelmed him, plain and simple. Their connection made the feelings stronger than reason or thought, putting Sherlock entirely out of himself, but it was only a few moments of that bottomless feeling before the wolf took over and there was steel in his veins again. The wolf took care of him during the worst of the rush, but the surging strength within him was more focused on John than on the fight. Sherlock scrambled free of his assailants without bothering to punish them properly for what they had done to John and he hurried home as quickly as he was able.
John shifted, unable to frame the words he needed to explain the problem. All he came up with was, “Can we go?”
“I don’t care whose idea it was,” the sergeant said. His frown was turning into a scowl. “It’s not what you do. No one with a record-”
Stamford laughed at that, and nodded. “The wife’s got me on a diet, it’s been a while since I heard anything polite about it.”
Thankfully she was too drunk to bother with much talking. The hug ended and John found his arm grasped firmly as Harry steered him out into the street. The evening was pushing on, but there was a coffee shop open. That was their destination.
Whatever else there was to say, the elder Holmes ignored. He took Sherlock by the shoulders, pulled him close, and closed his eyes as he bumped his cheek against his son's. Sherlock let out a barely audible sigh, and sank into his father's grip. They stood like that for a long moment before the elder Holmes pushed his son to arms' length and shook him thoroughly. "Never again, Sherlock."
"You smell like- What hurts, John?" Sherlock asked in a low, urgent rumble. "Where else did they hurt you?"
“It takes a particular sort to stand up to my brother’s intellect,” Mycroft said, tipping his head as he observed John.
A surge of surprise and alarm exploded at the base of his skull, and John knew that Sherlock had finally noticed what was going on.
At the bottom of the hill, tucked in between the trees, the others were waiting. Elisabeth seemed in charge, as she nosed Connie towards John and Sherlock before rising from her seated position and disappearing into the trees.
"That can be arranged," Sherlock rumbled, pulling John back against his chest with the arm around his waist.
The loss of his kiss was enough to draw a growl out of John. “Then get out of those bloody things,” he demanded.
The relief that spread through John as Sherlock moved up against his back was even stronger than the first. The color came back to his vision. John’s knees went weak and he closed his eyes against the brightness. His hearing was sharper, had to be sharper, because he swore he could hear Sherlock’s pulse. The overload of sensation was downright unnatural, and so welcome that John couldn't help but groan in relief.
Sherlock didn’t preen. He was not the sort of person who did that sort of thing. He did, however, smile at his mate. He could
He felt Sherlock hesitate, hovering in the doorway, and then he felt his mate turn and head out the door.
The door flung open and Sherlock stormed in, curls ruffled on his head and coat flapping around him for a moment before it and the small bag from the electronics store were both flung away onto the desk crammed into the corner. “Mycroft,” Sherlock snapped. “To what do we suffer the pleasure?”
Just thinking his mate’s name made John’s stomach twist as though rung by strong hands. John found himself grateful that he had only eaten a little of the bland breakfast that had been brought to him.
John found that he liked the little girl as much as it was possible for him to like a silent, sentient being that would not engage him in conversation. He liked Anne considerably more. She was small, with dark hair and dark eyes, and petite. She was pleased to speak with John again, and when she spoke even Anthea joined in the conversation.
“Shall we eat, then?” Sherlock’s gentle words were almost a shock. Two hands covered John’s where they had settled around his waist.
Sherlock's lips were at his neck, and words were whispered against his skin. "Yes, John, my John. That's it. So good." The endearments huffed across John's damp neck in the puffs of Sherlock's breath.
, he reminded himself, sighing as the strong arm squeezed him for a moment. He closed his eyes and let his head fall against Sherlock's neck.
Anne’s face did a rather complicated contortion as she realized her mistake and coughed out a soft apology. “I… don’t really connect you with all of that, sorry.”
There was a knock on the door about ten minutes after Sherlock left. For a moment, John was tempted not to answer it. The last time he’d answered Sherlock’s door it hadn’t gone too well.
Someone was at one of the doors, banging on it and shouting against the crack to get word out into the hall. If anyone else was speaking, John couldn’t hear them. There was only the grunting of men trading blows.
Sherlock strode back over. When John felt his mate close enough to blot out some of the white, he opened his eyes and looked up at him.
Eventually sleep stole him from consciousness, but unlike the first night with its comforting whirl of images of Sherlock, that night John’s sleep was filled with dreams of being lost in a dark, endless expanse. It was a place far too empty to be London or anywhere but the desert that John’s nightmares often dragged him back to. He was trapped. No. He was lost... no. He was abandoned there.
It was too late for the brush off, though. Greg recalled Sherlock’s strutting declaration about the crime scene from the night before. “Sherlock, have you been poking your nose in crime scenes again?”
“Is it working?” Sherlock asked, lifting a brow at him. One brow turned into two. “You are.” When John gave him an unamused look, Sherlock added, “You’ve nothing to fear.”
Connie bit at his pantleg, and Sherlock gave a very human sort of a shrug before picking Connie up and tossing her playfully.
John didn’t have a response to that statement, but he was uncertain anyone would. Despite that, he was glad to be among the wolves, he found. They were warm, and accepting enough, for the most part. The dynamic was different with each of them, and though they seemed to be very different, they were all… well, for lack of a better term, family. At first the only reply he could find sounded disparaging, and that wasn’t right. There was nothing lesser about Marianne or her connection with her mate. It was just
The plane landed at a bustling military staging location somewhere in south-central Europe. The buildings were nondescript in a way that spoke of age and economy of construction rather than expense, and had likely been re-purposed so many times it would be impossible to determine what their original use had been. At least John didn’t care to give it a shot, it looked a little bit like the outside of the facility in Russia had, and that sank John’s spirits further than they already were.
“Yes, yes,” Sherlock said, sighing as though he could barely stand that formality, and then he lead the way out of the Bow Street office and into a waiting hack.
Knowing that the blood tests would likely be done by morning, John had settled down on the little mattress to sleep off the wait.
It was John’s first glimpse of his mate as he would look if left to his own devices, and though it was nothing in comparison to the way that Sherlock looks sans clothing, the fully dressed appearance of his mate was a sight to behold. Sherlock still needed a haircut - John didn’t mind the length of his hair, but Sherlock fussed longer than reason with it in the bathroom and came out with it pushed behind his ears and escaping to twist across his forehead - but in a well-fitted suit and shirt, both in colors that were a bit more considered than the quick acquisitions they had been given before the stop in Dresden…
Ignoring his brother, for the moment, Mycroft leaned his umbrella in the corner and took a brief detour into the kitchen. The table space would be useful later. Only once that was arranged did he return to the sitting room.
This was not the sort of sobering behavior that would be of any use to an intoxicated human, but Sherlock’s body would be working in Mycroft’s favor on this.
“There are,” Sherlock affirmed, “but it’s not the sort of setup where there’s perfectly functioning international cooperation. We do have some human attributes.”
the door slamming as Sherlock rushed out of the flat, but he could imagine it. He could imagine the quick calculation of the hour, the lack of John’s coat. He could almost hear Sherlock’s tread on the stairs in those ridiculously overpriced shoes.
put him off balance, propped up only by Sherlock. Trustingly so. John’s hand was shaking, and that was troubling, but there was nothing to be done about it at the moment.
In the ‘morning’ - John assumed that though he had not slept the amount of time that constituted a night, what time had passed was sufficient to make this a new day - he was taken from his little room before the morning hall roster for a physical.
They were about the same height, though she was thinner than he was, so John bundled her into his robe and tucked her into bed.
In the end photographs taken, and there was a rather long conversation about the train trip, the address in Wiltshire, and what had happened around Milton’s arrival. John did most of the talking, with Sherlock interjecting when he felt John had forgot something. John kept his eyes on the sergeant, doing his best to keep his temper in check as the soft interrogation played itself out. He could feel Sherlock’s concern, and it was distracting. The sergeant kept a watchful eye on him throughout, and that grated on John’s nerves. Once the questions were all asked and the notes were all taken, the sergeant told the pair of them in no certain terms that they were not to ‘jaunt back out to the country’. Then the sergeant and the PCO at the door left, and though it was half-two in the morning when the door was closed again, the door
“If you’re sure,” Greg said, aware that whatever had just passed between the two of them might be coercion, in some light.
For a moment, John was distracted by his quest - the only edible thing in the cupboards seemed a questionably old container of cut-oats that would do for the hour, as it didn’t seem infested with anything - and then when Sherlock didn’t say anything else, John turned to look at him. “Sherlock?”
"You weren't hurt, were you?" Sherlock asked, low and serious, speaking with lips against John's sternum. "All this clothing... the antiseptic, things smell muted. Tell me,
Sherlock demanded, using altogether too much emphasis for any single question. Somehow that worked for him, though John didn’t think he could get away with it.
John barely noticed Mycroft this time, in favor of the warm mate trying to climb into his skin with him. There wasn't enough room on the seats for it, though, so John kissed back in reassurance and didn't give in to his urge to have it off with Sherlock right there in the horribly expensive private plane.
“A doctor. And I should bloody well be asking you that question,” John snapped. He pointed at the couch, which he had long ago decided needed to be swapped out for something newer or at least cleaner, anyway, and demanded, “SIT.”
He woke as they stopped on Baker street, to the feeling of Sherlock rising from the carriage. As John climbed down, he was surprised at a lack of pain from his leg, though he still felt stiff and somewhat lethargic from the long hours. Tonight was the first night truly back at Baker Street in two or… possibly three days. Previous trips had not been in any sort of timeframe appropriate to more than tea and a few bites of what had appeared to be a hearty meal. There was something distinctly unrestful about sleeping in the morgue.
“Would you care to repeat what you said earlier?” Sherlock asked, his words half-threat instead of question.
You chastise one Holmes brother, and the other takes his place in the category of upstart. I will say that I rather enjoy Mycroft's little 'visits' to us.
With nothing else to occupy himself, and Mike heading to teach a class, John put his hands in his pockets and headed over to the bank of elevators to make his way outside. He hit the call button, but as the doors opened a flurry of activity, a stretcher with a body and a team working on it came down the hall. John was pushed to the back of the elevator, and he stood quietly in the corner rather than interrupt. He could always just hit his floor button later.
“--impossible to explain this sort of thing to anyone else, you see. They can hear the words and they may try to listen, but they don’t bother to
“A renewed… yeah. That’s a nice, clinical way to put it.” John squeezed his waist again and drew away, taking up his teacup. “Drink, it’ll get cold.”
“Doctor Watson, would you like to go to the A&E?” Greg asked anyway, not about to start a precedent of letting Sherlock answer questions about Watson’s wishes any more than he expected Watson to answer Sherlock’s.
"You don't get to shout insults at me and demand I stay in the room with you," John retorted, glancing back at his mate.
After breakfast they were escorted to the hall again to collect anything that had been left behind and to take care of getting their bedding into laundry bags. Then those coming off were taken to a larger bunk room. This one seemed almost like a normal barracks. There were rows of bunk beds lined up, some empty and some with bedding already on them. There were at least seven other men somewhere, or so the dressed beds indicated. In one corner there was a couch with a television and a remote that had been attached to the wall. There were two guys seated on the couch, both at opposite ends, and a third that was standing a foot behind it as they watched something that wasn’t playing loudly enough to be really made out. In the opposite corner were a couple chairs and a bookshelf.
Settling down inside, John stretched his leg out at an angle, trying to ease the muscles to prevent cramping, only to find a long-fingered hand curl around his knee and press into the muscles there, wordlessly.
If I were being 100% timeline accurate, this chapter would have to be inserted within the previous one, however, part of the point of the last chapter was the loss of time John experiences during the separation. Thus it was impossible to be entirely accurate regarding the timing of it, though perhaps I could have positioned this before the previous chapter. Either way, this is where I placed this chapter, and I like it's positioning.
“I will,” John assured him when the tang of uncertainty from Sherlock made it seem that words might be needed in reply.
Hours later, John woke to an insistent pounding on the door. Beneath him, Sherlock seemed to snap awake as well, which meant they both must have been sleeping. It was a novel concept, considering how much sleep Sherlock seemed to avoid on a weekly basis. Maybe, John thought, it was the sex. It had been very good sex, he thought, and he’d certainly been boneless and flat on his back tired afterward.
Sherlock’s brows pulled together and he leaned over, pressing his forehead to John’s. The sudden closeness was a welcome surprise. John sighed and closed his eyes.
They toured the gardens, walked to the top of the nearby hill to look on farther fields with woods that stretched for a great distance, and paused in the greenhouse on their way back to the house. All of the grounds were impressive, of course. They were distant from the nearest neighbor, which had to be convenient for the monthly shift into fangs and fur.
“I woke when the bunk pitched me onto the floor,” John said, honestly. “I think I stepped over someone when I went to help the others with the guy. I know he downed at least one more. Are they alright?”
A car was waiting for them at the station. The trip from the station to the hosue was just about what John remembered it as, though Sherlock seemed to grow more tense as the drive went on. When they arrived at the manor, Elisabeth was waiting for them, wearing a concerned expression. It was a look that John didn’t understand.
The elder Holmes turned and fixed Aldrich with a stare that stopped the younger wolf in his tracks. "You obviously misunderstood the part where I said I would not hear your arguments," he growled.
“I don’t understand this whole ‘bond’ thing that you all talk about whenever you bring up being ‘mated’,” John said, feeling particularly ineloquent and hating himself for standing in the posh landmark and rambling on like he belonged tossing boxes on a lorry somewhere. Elisabeth nodded to him to go on, though, so he did. “But when you mention it, you talk about it like it’s... tangible.”
