… I understand you need to do some things to keep yourself safe. Even if I do not get exactly why, I trust you to do what is best. Just try not to forget to write me?
-Grant
“Not yet, but I’ll let you know if I need any help. I’m still a little confused about why you and all the other cover models of this year are so determined to help…”
Tony grinned and texted Rhodey back on the way to his car:
Grant
Steve huffed at his best friend. “You’re a terror, Bucky Barnes.” But, he managed to wobble upright and began to shuffle towards the chest of drawers that also served as his art desk. He fought with one of the drawers for a moment before he finally got it to slide open, revealing neatly folded shirts. Steve grabbed one before looking over at the brunet. “You gunna start the bath or just stare at me, huh?”
An award is given as is a surprise interview
Bu- But. Frankling says Ma would like you. Like the fact you make me smile. Apparently I’m a real stick in the mud a lot of the time. But you make me happy. And that’s a good thing. You’re a good thing. Eddie… I want you to have good things. Are you happy? I want you to be happy. If you’re not happy, you should just… fix that. Because you should.
Tony was halfway ready to say, ‘Yeah and my boyfriend is in 1940’s Brooklyn try harder.’ But, he wouldn’t. He hadn’t mentioned his boyfriend at all, and she’d demand answers he didn’t want to give. “And I had to send a drone to my artist to get him some decent medicine. He lives in assfuck nowhere. You have your life at least twice as together as mine, you can do it.”
George took a slow step towards Steve. “How could he leave a pretty thing like you behind? Sure he’s good enough for you, baby?”
“I honestly just don’t have words,” the blond confessed.
Tony initially had the impulse to get a bottle and leave it at the table but he didn’t. They ate and Tony could feel himself further settle down. He didn’t want to have any kind of breakdown in front of them. They didn’t need to see him break down further than Serena had earlier.
That made Steve pause. Eddie was a very accomplished lover - he had a playboy reputation to go with it. So maybe he would be able to sort things out between them. But maybe he wouldn’t even want those things with Steve, because maybe he felt like intimacy and sex weren’t connected. Arnie had been like that, before Michael. He had joked that he would have sex with just about anyone willing, but that being vulnerable with someone was a no-go. And yes, Steve found that deeply ironic.
Eddie,
That love began to colour everything the pair did, mostly in the simplest of ways.
Dangling from a wire rig connected to the ceiling, Tony couldn’t help but muse on the truthfulness of Grant’s words: him and boredom were not a good combination. After all, he had phone upgrades for days prepared on a phone he hadn’t even released yet. He had easier to clean and maintain ammo cartridges nearly ready to fabricate. He had new targeting systems developed. He made better shaped Bluetooth headpieces. Tony might have even built a tower out of screwdrivers. A lack of hangover meant a lack of impaired function.
What would it take to make you forget October is coming? You are going to have outdoor work at least with the murals. But I still would like to help with good flowers again. Peonies, Hydrangea and…. Bells of Ireland, was it? So am I going to get another liquored up Grant letter? Or are you hiding the pens and paper sweetheart?
Posting this as a slightly late birthday gift for Myself. Not this Sunday but the next we should be back to our regular posting schedule. - Py
“How about I put myself to use while you’re doing that. Sergeant, can I see your rifle? I’m just going to give it a quick clean and reassemble if you loan me your kit.” Tony asked with a small bit of discomfort as another scratch was promptly cleaned.
Coney Island was a sort of sacred space in the borough. It was one of the few places where no matter the color of your wallet or the language you spoke, you could come and escape the worries of reality. It was bright and loud and vivacious; another world compared to the stoic stone of the city. And sure, it was a bit early for the big crowds, since school was still in session, but there were still enough people present to make it feel overflowing. Everywhere he looked, Steve saw a scene he wanted to paint, and it made a wide smile turn his lips, making his cheeks ache from the force of it.
Grant,  St. Grant patron saint to those tired, scrappy, creative, good souls who are in over their heads. First of all, I am both sorry for your friends and for you. But you have to keep your head on your shoulders.
Once Steve was seated on the bed, the sheet strategically pulled over his lap, he raised an eyebrow at Arnie. “Okay. What now?”
"And with this many people, it's a generation of people. Of Romani- of Jewish - of any people they described as other. Of people trying to recover," Tony shuddered.
A shaky breath slid past his thin lips. “If you wouldn’t mind, I would be real grateful.”
Tony lingered on the description of the token, recalling that they were something like a precursor to an engagement ring or kind of related to the concept. He didn’t think he’d ever reach the point of making that kind of promise to a person. Not with the shit luck he’s had in relationships. But here Tony was wondering what he would give to someone, supposing he could ever meet the right one face to face. Even more ridiculous, he was going so far as to work on cracking time travel for the try at meeting his artist in person.
Steve chuckled easily. “Yeah. Even the light shades were me. The owners liked my work on another mural enough that they asked me to do the bar instead of just the spot in the lobby they’d originally intended. Actually, if you look at it, you can find me, Bucky, plus my friend Arnie, and his mate Michael.”
“You are even more transparent than most of our managers. A few of us are so deep in the closet we want someone happy damn it. So with that. Go write your letter, and I’m catching my plane. See you,” Demi waved, and Tony watched the outrageously tall volleyball player go out the door.
You got the murals! I am so damn happy for you. Once this mess blows over I am going to see every single one you do. I cannot wait to see what you’re sharing with the world. Even if it’s just what’s okayed by Public Works. Your art on the side of buildings. And I love that idea so much; you do such great portrait work. Make sure to be careful up there. It’s awful high up.
Tony first mentally answered Grant’s question with: That I trust a person, whose face I have never seen, from the 40s more with my innermost thoughts and my sexuality almost as much as my best friend? Which probably illustrated something fundamentally wrong with Tony that he did not quite understand about himself. Tony thought about that after he finished the letter.
Dear Eddie,
“I’ll ask next time he’s in - maybe he knows someone too,” Tony nodded, at least starting to form a plan.
If I get bored enough, I might send you a sketch of Pendragon and Mark’s portrait. Usually, for that kind of piece I end up doing a bunch of sketches, just so the client can pick the version they like best. The nice thing is, I have a good enough memory that I can hold onto the details without whoever I am painting having to sit the whole session. Means Pendragon will not start whining about his legs being tired or something.
Setting up his camera, the man lined up the shot. “Just like that is perfect. Hold still a minute …. And perfect!” Covering the lens, he beamed at Steve. “You look just like I wanted. Say, who are the flowers for?”
“George, that is quite enough,” Steve said, his voice pure iron. “I think you need to go to bed.” Without another word, the brunet turned and stormed off. Steve deflated once the man had stomped off down the stairs. He suddenly felt trapped inside the fine house; unsafe. The sound of another door opening down the hall made the blond almost jump clean out of his skin.
And maybe someday Jarvis can have a tea robot! I think I know a fella smart enough to build something like that. Course, he might complain about tea regulations and home traffic patterns… seems like the sort of thing he would do.
You will not believe the offer I just got. After months of doing posters and little advertisements, the Public Works of Art Project has asked me to do a mural for them. Can you imagine that? My art, as big as the side of an entire building! They are letting me choose my subject, but it has to be American. Whatever that means. I think right now they just want all of the art to evoke patriotism, so we are even being encouraged to avoid what they consider ‘foreign’ art styles. I will find out next week where the mural is supposed to go, which will help me decide what content to include. I will probably have to do a hundred sketches before I get it right. They at least have ways of printing the outline big enough to transfer onto the building, making it a bit easier to go from sketch to mural.
Captain America and the Howling Commandos were the epitome of a pack. The alpha super soldier and his beta best friend led the team efficiently as they took down Hydra and helped push the Nazis back.
“So he’s definitely your artist now, huh?” Maria smirked leaning forward on her seat. Tony laughed as he leaned back against his own chair. Well, so much for that plan.
Franklin says I am not allowed to hum any of the songs from the concert - claims I would ruin them. He is probably right. I used to have a real swell singing voice - I was even a choirboy when I was younger - but scarlet fever when I was fifteen made me deaf in one ear. Honestly, I am probably lucky it did not end up worse.
Today … Pendragon came to visit. I knew it was not good news, just looking at his face. He may be a charming piece of work, but he also wears his feelings on his shirtsleeve. I cannot remember the last time I saw him look so devastated, aside from when his grandmother passed a few years ago.
Tony could hear the honey bear growl through the text and smiled. He typed out a quick reply:
PS: You don’t know how much I love drawing cars. That is what I can design and draw all day. Though the armour in all of the stuff I’ve been doing lately has been getting more fun.
"Which one? Which agency?"
I appreciate you being careful with the picture of Ana and Jarvis since it was from their anniversary. And you are damn distracting too. But we gotta focus on our tightrope walking. We can do this.
Have my efforts on the shape of your face now given me anything closer to your face? I think I might start nicknaming the different faces I have drawn now. Because that being said. I have come a long way with that. Are you still annoyed with the facial hair on what I have nicknamed the Grant Musketeer?
Bucky gave the flowers a careful glance. “I take it your engineer friend wanted to pay his respects?” he guessed.
Did you say to make your ears bigger? I kid.
The scene you paint is so pretty. I am sure we are going to have moments like that, someday. And, if nothing else, I will have some good daydreams in the meantime. Because I can picture it – the weight of you at my side and the way you would casually drape your arm across the back of my chair. The feel of your laughter against my ear, and the way your eyes would shine so bright. Of course, I can picture it so well it even snuck into one of my sketches for the bar. It will be painted in the back corner: you and me sitting watching Ella, with Franklin, Pendragon, and Mark at the table with us.
“I mean… You an awful coward for someone with a mouth like yours, Buck.”
Tony leaned back in his seat realizing he’d been leaning forward for a fair while now. He blinked rapidly, taking stock of himself. A bit of water probably wouldn’t hurt. He should probably move, but his limbs weren’t cooperating yet. He glanced at the notepad he’d been scribbling on. There were at least seven variations on ‘I don’t normally hug people, but I need to hug this woman.’ A couple ‘let the dog stay’ comments. And himself agreeing with the “knock his block off” statement.
Especially since he’s keeping me separated from my boyfriend, you know?
The planning for gifts begins, and Steve is making headway on his New Years Resolution.
The start of a count and October 16th.
Sitting up on the bench, Steve reached into his satchel and pulled out his sketchbook. He began by sketching the fountain, doing his best to capture the movement of the water and the dancing of the light. Then came the sketch of a mother and daughter: the baby’s hands tightly wrapped around the woman’s fingers as she practiced the motions of walking, each step wobbly and uncertain. Steve poured particular attention into the sense of motion as the little girl’s curls bounced with every little wobble.
Edward
“I am very happy about it.”
Losing her had been like finding out summer would never come again. Four years later and he still felt the ache of her absence. And he wondered, cruelly, if she ever regretted having him. If she ever regretted taking the job at the hospital in an attempt to keep her boy alive. Deep down he knew she would never regret it, and she most certainly would never regret him. Even on her deathbed she had only expressed love and gratitude for her son. But the shadows in his mind made him doubt that love; or, rather, doubt his worthiness for that love.
He unfurled the paper and stared at the painting in awe. It was beautiful. Personal, soft, and so lovingly rendered. There was something familiar about the son at the edge of his brain. They were a lovely family. Franklin’s family Tony presumed. And that menorah was stunning. Tony bit his lip a moment. This one needed a frame, because it was a painting and just lovely. Tony called Pepper as he measured the size “Pepp, happy new year, and how mad would you be if I took down the copy of the OSHA certificate I have at my place and hung up a gift I just got?”
When Bucky came home from work that day, he had stopped past the Barnes family hellhole to take the quickest shower possible - a newfangled thing he had helped his father install to replace the old bathtub. He then grabbed a hunk of bread and the pot of soup Winifred Barnes had prepared before heading out the door. A short walk down the hall and a bump to the jamb opened the door to Steve’s apartment, which was less than half the size of the space Bucky’s family resided in. It was two rooms crammed all but on top of each other with a set of janky glass doors dividing the two spaces. Moving into the cramped kitchen, Bucky sighed at the absolute devastation that reigned throughout the space. Steve had clearly forgotten to take down his laundry, as it was still strung on lines throughout the kitchen. There were dishes piled on the postage stamp table in the corner and on the chunk of wood that served as a counter across the top of the tub. Honestly, Bucky did not even know Steve even owned that many dishes.
“My heats have run on the irregular side anyway, and I’ll find a way to make it work.” his lifestyle at a young age and just plain being irregular had made him skip his heat for several months previously. And the last time it hadn’t lasted him long. Not the healthy omega lengths anyway.
“Yeah. I can do that,” Tony answered, putting the soldering iron back in its holder. “I’ll need to liberate another soldering rod in a bit anyway. My hands need the break.” Tony curiously followed and held one of the pilfered handguns.
Bucky raised an eyebrow at the omega. First, because he had used the sort of language most didn’t, and second because of his ingenuity. “That so, huh? Not the usual sort of skills we see during rescues.”
You will literally never believe who I met. Pendragon invited me to meet some of his new friends, and he gave me no warning at all. So, I walk into this place and someone takes my coat. I turn around, and it is W. H. Auden. The W. H. Auden. And I thought to myself, “Oh, wow, this could not get more surreal.” I was wrong. Peter Pears, Benjamin Britten, Carson McCullers, and George Oliver were all there too. Franklin nearly pissed himself when he saw Gypsy Lee Rose was there too. He swooned after her like a moonstruck calf.
There must be something about you people want to follow.  Or protect in you. Pretty sure you trigger the Nona instincts too. If they want to feed you that much.
Once Steve was clean, dressed, and fed, Bucky slid the letter across the table. “You read that while I do dishes. If you want to write him back, I can try to take the letter over today or tomorrow.”
Waking up 24, not in a fight with your extremely long-distance boyfriend, and surrounded by a group of women piled on a couch nest was amazing. Tony looked around to find a few of them playing on their phones, and he spied Demi on the raised floor going into a yoga pose that he had absolutely no idea what the name of was. Tony watched the front of her t-shirt slide down as she moved into a headstand. The way the long braid of blonde hair hit the mat and how straight and tightly she held her core and legs was some kind of art.
The pair blinked at Steve as though they had completely forgotten he was even in the room. Which, he couldn’t blame them for. Their relationship was still so new, and they rarely got the chance to show their feelings for one another. It made sense they would tend to get carried away in places where they felt safe. Steve imagined he would be the same way, if he could.
I will have you know, I will take great joy in being tall. Something tells me the view will be something else. Expect at least a doodle or two of whatever I happen to see from up there. Of course, it is the Bronx, so it will not be quite as amazing as if I were drawing Brooklyn. But not every borough can be as amazing as mine.
I wish you had an easier way to reach me too. But, it makes sense that you would be busy. After all, you are a genius, playboy, engineer with a reputation to upkeep and a job to do. Besides, a little silence between our letters has not killed us yet. Just gives me longer to anticipate what you will tell me about next. As long as the letters aren’t about any conquests you have. I do not think I have the stomach for that, honestly.
Walking into the cemetery, Steve easily navigated through the lines of headstones to the considerably less grand corner where his mother was buried. It always struck him as a bit funny that even in death how much money you had in your pocket determined how much people valued you. His ma had deserved the finest headstone and a lot with a beautiful view, but all he had been able to afford was a small plaque tucked into the most obscure corner. At least her grave was easy to find, as it was right near the gardener’s shack and the wall.
Tony woke up alone. His erection had died down, and Ty had cleared out. “Never was cuddly just, I was already as close as a person could get you know?” was what Ty had told him once. As of yet there wasn’t any indigestion at least. Tony looked at the information Friday was displaying on a blissfully dark setting. It was definitely a morning where he empathized with Grant’s sentiment: just leave him in the dark to hibernate.
Tony threw in a drawing of a tiger that managed to dig its claws into the ceiling of the enclosure. The tiger looked content chilling upside down. Pat had been sending him lots of tigers and big cat pictures, and it had all been great.
And then there was Jarvis’s gift. It was wrapped in a paper decorated with a subtle lavender floral pattern - something Tony remembered Ana picking. She had said it reminded her of lilacs in the garden. Even now, her favourite flowers were growing thick and lovely in the garden, surrounding the bench she had liked to sit on in the afternoon sunshine. Seeing the paper was like receiving a kiss on the cheek from her memory; a gentle reminder that she was still so special to them, even years after her passing.
Tony examined the respective gifts with a critical eye. He could see each of his loved ones reflected in the packaging. Pepper had used an understated matte blue paper, which was deceiving in its simplicity. Only the presence of the silver ribbon managed to belie that the gift was likely far more intricate a gift than it seemed. Tony’s eyes then fell on the box Rhodey had brought, which was wrapped in goofy-looking wrapping paper with rocket ships and stars. The brunet wasn’t going to say a word about it.
I wish I could be there to celebrate with you. Love you.
“Thank you, Stevie,” Arnie quipped, sailing by like he owned the place.
“Better,” Bucky bragged. Moving over to the tub, he set the water running before moving the wood counter to the floor. “Becca did. And you know she’s got a gift with it.”
January 12 1942
And he would have to thank Maria for that. In the meantime he was going to have to hide the scandalous photos; they were most definitely not pictures to send a friend. Not even drunk him was allowed to find these.
… I also have the feeling my eyebrows are a lost cause. You might have better luck with trying to fix my jaw some more instead.
“Agent Carter?” Steve’s brows lifted. “I imagine we can swing a meeting with her. She regularly visits our unit.” He was not about to say why, since Bucky and Peg were still a secret. Privacy was just their preference and most people assumed she was there for Steve anyway.
Eddie,
I’ve been told I’m pretty insufferable too, so we’d probably drive everyone else crazy. Maybe you need a little more ego to keep up with me. And I call you that because you are stunning. You sound like you have this energy that draws people in. Add that to your big hands, strong nose, and stubborn as hell urge to protect people and fight. I don’t think having a little pride in your appearance would lead you to lose any of that sunshine.
My dad was like that too Grant. And it was good ol’ Fucking Obie that provided the liquor. But this is about you.
Steve nodded slowly to himself. “Funny thing? He mentioned being adopted by friends’ families. And the way they feed ya and take care of you.”
“Thank you, George.” Steve gave the man a squeeze on the arm. “I appreciate you putting me up for the night. I’m sure Buck will be glad I didn’t try making a run for it in the rain. He’s such a mother hen.”
But if you mean just kissing someone. Well. The intent is everything. If you intend on spending a good while kissing, make sure you’re both comfortable. It’s fantastic just getting little kisses along your face to start. Both giving and receiving that. That kind of affection is just amazing. Being comfortable around someone is great. If it’s having a kiss with a bony punk like yourself bracing against something is good or just sitting on a couch close to each other. Someone would inevitably wind up on top of each other, because trying to stay vertical for a long time while kissing like that is annoying.
That finally caused Steve to look over, his usually clear blue eyes clouded over like a stormy sea. His shoulders rose and fell as a sigh shuddered through his body. “Maybe,” he croaked. “Get it over with. Nice and fast.”
Edward
I think I will use Sir Van Gogh for the next eyebrow experiment. Anyone you have in mind as being a witch or wizard that would play with your eyebrows for shits and giggles? Or I might just draw Katherine Hepburn. And then try at your brows.
when the man reached a conclusion. “Grant would love this movie,” Tony stated as he looked at the screen, on which was displayed a window box filled with roses. As the cheerful “The End” faded from sight, the brunet sighed.
Moving to stand beside him, Lee lightly ruffled his hair. “Oh, Stevie. With your lungs, you really could, though. Come on. Let us put you up for the night. It would make me feel better.”
So how has your practice been going? I just hope you and Franklin don’t hurt each other too much by mistake practicing from the book. I still need to restock the ice in my deep freeze since I landed badly after a throw and needed an ice bath. My back was trying to murder me after that.
After taking a couple of photos of the mural, Serena looked over at him. “Guess it’s a good thing the next stop is a bar,” she offered. “But… I did bring you something. Since you were interested in these murals, I did some digging.” Reaching into her bag, she pulled out a folder and held it out to him. “These are copies of photos we have of both murals. From different eras as art historians tried to keep track of them. Sorry, they’re not all the best quality, but…” She shrugged. “Technology.”
Tony made a drawing of the knight with a long flop of hair as he adjusted the jawline to be a bit stronger. Made him eat an apple as he glared off into the distance, some light freckles on his cheeks since he had probably been out in the sun. A smudge of dirt on one cheek. There was something sharp about his expression that suggested Sir Van Gogh was possibly plotting some sort of revenge against….. Maybe Lord Stark. No, his grandpa did exist at that point in time. Lord… Kitt? He figured as he heard one of Eartha Kitt’s songs play over his speakers. Edward Kitt.
After they had finished looking at the mural, including Tony taking quite a few photos of it, Serena tugged on the end of her scarf. “So, the second mural is actually over in Brooklyn. Do you want to just take a cab or…?” She raised an eyebrow at him, unsure of how the billionaire preferred to travel. If it were up to her, she would just take public transit, because grad school budgets were tight.
I really like the scent by the way. But for the love of god, if it makes your asthma react. Don’t spray it in a closed space. If you get this please write back to me. And for the sake of your asthma, I am not spraying it with my cologne. Sorry to disappoint.
Jarvis quietly bid them all goodnight before moving to clean the kitchen, and it’s with that the evening moved down into the living room attached to Tony’s lab. Rhodey collapsed onto the well-worn couch while Pepper settled in her favourite armchair. While they poured themselves fresh glasses of wine, Tony selected the best place to mount the box on the wall, placing it above a slick metal shelf. Reaching up with a finger, he carefully flicked the flag on the mailbox down before settling the stationary kit reverently on the shelf. He brushed his fingers fondly along the edge of the box before moving to squish onto the couch with Rhodey. From his seat practically in Rhodey’s lap, Tony admired how his gifts looked in their new homes. The mailbox looked innocuous and cute, fitting in with the kind of mixture of old meets new he had in the garage.
“Anthony, I believe Mister Rhodes intends for you to wait to open your present,” Jarvis drawled. “Until after dinner and cake.”
In the meantime, he could continue dictating his letter.
But my budget might be able to take some entertainment this month. If you peep your eyes onto the April edition of Harper’s Bazaar, be sure to admire the cover for me. It is really something else. Maybe this month we could try reading? The only picture coming up that we might both like does not come out until the end of April – the new one with Cary Grant. Penny Serenade.
As the summer began to bleed into fall, the pair continued to exchange what letters they could. Some letters were simply responses to chapters from The Hobbit while others were stories to fill the gaps - the sorts of things that Edward could write while on the plane or away on business. Steve loved the little anecdotes for what they were, but he could not help missing the easy conversation they had fallen into.
“I will. I’ve been a stubborn brat that didn’t know how to keep out of things since I can remember,” Tony let out a derisive snort then smiled a little. “Did you have a huge growth spurt or something? Bucky sometimes seems to look for you about a head shorter than you are.” Tony asked, seeing that a couple of times already. Which, knowing what he does, makes sense. The poor Sargent has years of looking down out of habit to recondition himself out of. But it seemed like the quickest way to a point he was hoping it would lead to.
“Yeah, yeah.” Steve managed to give his eyes a bit of a roll. “Whatever you want.”
He hesitated. “Thanks. I will see you around.”
I will be turning twenty-two in just over a month. Native to Brooklyn, born and bred. And my friends like to tell me I have more fight than any one body could contain.
He hummed thoughtfully. “Probably the bar in the Carlyle. I based it on a concert me and some of my friends went to.” Steve chuckled. “Ella Fitzgerald.”
My father would probably have some stories like that, but I think that is partially what led him to the bottle. Probably some family curse I guess. I might jump down a bottle tonight to try to get some sleep. If you see any shoddy writing, feel free to burn the letter.  I don’t plan on any writing til I hear anything back from you.
“Got to admit, Tones,” Rhodey proclaimed, all but swanning into the kitchen, “this is way more my speed than that noise from last year.” He dropped his gift to Tony on the counter, causing the contents to make a muffled clang.
“Should be. Gabe and Morita are probably the only ones there, and Gabe might cuddle you is all. Unless you hide in my bedroll.” Steve shrugged. “Plus, since you’re American, you’re a bit more our direct responsibility. We will need to get you back to your CO.”
Tony was laying in a metal tub of ice in his garage (because the garage had a handy drain on the floor), and his back was screaming at him. Moving was definitely not an option, which meant it was time to test out a bit of code he added to Dum-E in the most recent update. “Alright kiddo, bring the letter my way, please. Because I sure as fuck am not leaving this tub,” Tony asked, watching Dum-E beep and process the command. Tony smiled and then winced as he moved wrong. “Yep, yep, not moving.”
“Cigs help Buck and Morita with their anxiety,” Steve said in an undertone. “And Dernier and Dugan work for their cigars when we are in places that have ‘em.”
Serena blinked when a literal goddess turned towards them. And then Tony had the audacity to introduce them to one another. Tightening her grip on the strap of her bag, the art historian did her best to keep the tone of her voice level. “Hi. Hello.” She nodded slightly. “Nice to meet you, Serena.” She winced. “Demi. Nice to meet you, Demi.”
Besides that things are the same. Now isn't the time to quit making weapons. There's a driver I am thinking of hiring as a personal driver rather than just for the company.  He used to be a boxer and Maria thinks he might be a good fit.
Grant, we should really talk about where we are. Because I want to do that. To kiss you,  share that intimacy. I want so many things. And I either have to slow down or we need a talk.
Feeling oddly morose, Steve did not return to the Barneses’ apartment. He finished his tea and blew out his lamp. Then, feet dragging, he crawled into bed and hid under as many blankets as he could. And if his dreams were filled with warm brown eyes and soft laughter, he would never admit it.
He was almost mechanical in his responses when they got to the church. Every motion was an ingrained habit for Steve (Bucky not so much), and before he quite knew it, the service was over. Once the crowd had dissipated a bit, he lit a candle and offered a prayer for his mother. And, some traitorous part of his heart prayed for Edward too. That the other man would be happy and safe. If love was of God, Steve reasoned, then surely hoping for someone’s happiness was a good thing. He hoped.
Tony proclaimed his delight over the gifts in a quick note and stared a long time at the drawing of the raven. There was definitely something of him in it; the proud smartass in him that got in prank wars with Rhodey. And he was in awe of how Steve nailed his aesthetics in the designs and patterns on that watch. Tony wanted to keep it, wanted to make it permanent. But most of all, he wanted to show off how one of his favourite people recognized him in such a great way. Which sparked an idea. He could make the bird and the watch permanent, if he wanted to. Tony vaguely recalled some advice he’d chanced upon. If you want a tattoo wait six months, if you still want it in six months get it. Besides, a tattoo would be a great Christmas present to himself, plus maybe he could make that watch real.
If I did everything I wanted I would be making a time machine work. For sooo many reasons. There’s just a factor I can’t figure out or use to get all the way there. I’d also want to take you back with me. We deserve some adventures when nobody would damn well care.
“Who are they?” Bucky eyed the building with suspicion, especially as he could hear music playing from where they stood on the street.
Grabbing a crumpled ball of paper off the table - a failed artwork - Steve lobbed it at the back of Bucky’s head. “Shut your face. I’m wonderful. He’d be delighted to make my acquaintance.” The brunet just gave Steve an unimpressed look over his shoulder before resuming the dishes. “Says he’s Italian. Ma would’ve liked that. She always loved seein’ that Italian grocer at mass each week. Blushed up a storm when he’d talk at her in that accent of his.”
His mornings were icy sheets and throbbing headaches; fragile desire and empty promises. After hurrying whoever he had brought home out the door, Tony would take a shower and crawl into whatever outfit was closest at hand. He would then stagger through his day, squinting at life from behind his sunglasses, until he rinsed and repeated the previous night’s events. Tony hated to admit it, but it was just … boring. That was without even going into how Jarvis felt about the behavior - the disapproval clear on his face every time Tony stumbled into the kitchen each morning, hair still dripping wet because he couldn’t bother to dry it.
Oh, Grant, I could have warned you about that. The higher up some people are the more snake-like they get. I am glad you are safe and the next time you see Lee, kiss her cheek for me please or whatever you feel most comfortable doing.
“Better to find out now,” Michael said gently. “He could surprise you. Want to be with you as much as you want to be with him.” He shared a sidelong glance with Arnie. “Even if it means things being more difficult.”
Tony sent the letter just before Maria strode down the stairs.  There's a message from Rhodey on his phone that must have come while he changed, Tony nodded and decided he'll check it later.
“Yes, you said that out loud. Interesting gift?” Pepper mused; he could hear the little smile in her voice. Tony heard the faint sound of her working at her drink. “Especially from that date.”
“I think her picture was part of a coverup actually. It was so deliberately placed in the frame and given so much emphasis. And with Steve’s Murals and his life in Brooklyn so skimmed over. This is the first time I’m hearing about any kind of mural or artwork Steve did,” Demi added in.
She nodded slowly. “I will leave it at your discretion when to discuss that with them. You’re the one with the evidence, after all.” The woman flashed him a bit of a smile, understanding in her small way that he would perhaps not want anyone to know who the artist was for some time. Stopping on the street corner, she looked around. “We taking another cab to the bar?”
And yes, I do have a favorite Grant. Have you seen Cary? He has the dreamiest eyes and a perfectly delicious voice. Nothing makes me swoon like that man can. If I ever met him, I would be an absolute catastrophe. I would make an absolute fool of myself just trying to tell him how much I admired his work. I cannot even think about meeting him without blush; it is ridiculous.
Taking his elbow, the woman started for the stairs. “Don’t mention it.” She glanced over him. “So what’s your fella’s name?” Startled, he looked up at her. “The walls are thin. Not many secrets live here.”
Grant,
"Because you are doing the opposite of what you should be doing, and you are not doing yourself any favors being around that creep. All of that shit dulls your senses." Maria uttered firmly as she poured herself another coffee. "Better to sleep and then sweat it out of your systems."
Is it wrong that I am glad my dad was gone so I could have Jarvis raise me? Jarvis and his wife were so good. I think of Jarvis as twice the father my own blood was. I think that might be the surprise since everyone else thinks my grandfather and dad hung the moon, but I think of them as failures as parents.
Suddenly apprehensive, Steve picked up the envelope and weighed it in his hands. “Sure is some fancy paper,” he said slowly. “What they doin’ fixing a Joe like me up with someone who writes on stuff like this?”
Tony did a quick sketch of Grant waking up from that nap. He drew the smaller man trying to stretch his back - tracing the slight bend in the spine that was no doubt the result of scoliosis. The brows were easy, since Tony had confirmation on just how full they were, and he did his best to match that beautiful mess of post-not-sex hair as much as he could.
-Grant
Was that him? Tony chuckled as he looked over at the sketch of the raven and nodded to himself. Yeah, it was. He was a proud little shit disturber that liked shiny things; that was him.
Steve- 1941
"Call help. No shame in it. Call help, give numbers of the combatants, anything they can use to help," Maria said softly. Both behind him and in the earpiece.
Demi: “... BRING HER TO ME”
It took a small amount of digging, the movie Tony found that seemed to match the one Grant was watching was internationally called Gaslight. Tony sat in the garage watching it with a bowl of Popcorn as Jarvis left hearing what he was going to watch.
And things are 'Platonic'
First off, I love your robot.  Jarvis would adore a tea buddy and I love how you draw me. See you called me angel face with an expression like that?
Finally, when the tea was steeping, Steve sat down at the kitchen table and pulled the envelope towards him. Maybe Edward would make things better. Pulling out the folded sheets, the blond took a steadying breath. He flipped the pages flat on the table with the blade of his thumb and began to read in the flickering light of his oil lamp.
Obie would hurt you. I have no doubt about it. You’re good for me, I want to be better around you. He benefitted from my ignorance. He benefitted when I drank and when my father drank. He probably hoped I would die as a child. But I am inevitably going to prove useless to him at some point. If he had some part in my parents’ death, and I was supposed to go with them, he was going to kill me and Jarvis too. And I can’t forgive that.
Crouched in the corner, tucked behind a half dismantled bed frame, was an omega man with thick brown curls and keen, intelligent eyes. “
The next day Tony meandered down to the garage after signing off on the documents Pepper dropped off. And he’d made good progress on an engine that just needed the right power source. Jarvis was on his phone pacing as he spoke to a lawyer, which meant progress regarding Aunt Peggy.  A good day so far.
The tips of Steve’s ears lit up like the sky on the Fourth of July. “Naked?”
He wrote and stayed in for the rest of the night. The nightlife wasn’t calling out to him. It was maybe a glass of Wine with his late-night snack. Tony attended the meetings only a little tired. He presented everything he had planned.  He avoided Obie. Tony made his way back to the second mural alone.
I uh, I was going to make it a surprise,  but I am getting a camera. I am changing part of my garage into a darkroom so no one else will see any of the pictures or anything.  Any requests? Besides my face so you can spot me in a crowd. I might do some pictures with a friend who is teaching me more fighting.
Looking back, Steve could see it all so plainly. The way Edward had casually flirted and kept his distance. And then the way it slowly bled into something better, more honest, as the letters continued. Steve knew his feelings for the other man were simply not going away, not even after the entire situation with Ty. Maybe they never would. Holding the letters to his chest, Steve closed his eyes. “I hope it’s okay,” he murmured to himself, “if I love you for just a little while, Eddie. I promise I won’t tell.”
Mr. And Mrs. Smith opens up a conversation. And Tony furthers the adventures of Sir Grant.
What if I were to help you out that day? Make a day of it for yourself and Franklin if he joins you. If she had a place she liked to eat, go there if it’s still open. Write to me, tell me what you see there, do a drawing if you have the paper. Go to mass and get those flowers. I think having less sun does something to people in the winter. Think about all the ghost stories people make up in the fall and winter.
Tony was seated in the living room while Maria threw three profiles on Tony’s screens. “As a heads up, you’ve already got a pretty good boxer in your employ. Mr. Hogan was up there in college and works as a driver. You’d have built-in backup, and he’d probably appreciate the extra money,” Maria explained tapping at her water bottle. “Otherwise it’s just regular trainers that you’d have to hire through official channels.”
I would happily let you steal off my plate; just be prepared for me to raid your plate if that’s how you’re playing. Hey, have you convinced Pendragon to do his thing? Especially since I think you described the proportions I give you as 'Tragic?' And your jaw! What sacrilege.  What have I gotten right Grant? Can you tell me that?
Maybe you could tell me about yourself? I understand if you cannot tell me much, as we have to observe a certain level of secrecy. But I am hoping you will at least write to me. If only so I do not feel so alone.
And no, the brows are not right. We got distracted with my shoulders! Groucho brows are a couple steps too far, though. You made me look like I pluck my brows or something; and, I am just not that motivated with my appearance. Franklin, on the other hand, is that much of a dandy. He spends more time grooming before a date than I spend in a week.
Tony eventually woke up fully dressed on top of Rhodey; the smell of coffee tickling his nose as he gained some awareness of the world around him. He stumbled the stumble of the hungover and dehydrated, nearly tripping over a perfectly flat mat on the ground as he went. From behind him, Tony could hear Rhodey grumble something about pointy elbows before drifting back to sleep.
Honey.
… What if you get drafted, and the same thing happens to us? I know you say you are safe, because of the weapon design work you do. But, I trust the government about as far as I can spit, and I have chronic dry mouth. I could see them drafting you just to have greater control over you - making you do whatever they wanted you to. It is selfish of me, I know, to be so worried about the possibility of you being drafted when I should be focused on Pendragon. But losing you is one of the scariest things I can think of. I have even had nightmares about it. Of you dying, alone and terrified, in some battlefield somewhere. It is becoming harder and harder to sleep, because I know what is waiting for me when I close my eyes.
Arnie knew that the fall was going to be rough for Steve, which by extension meant that Michael knew now as well. His friends knew that the blond was likely to go quiet during the month, hiding away with his grief. Hating to see him so morose, the pair decided they would do what they could to distract their friend from the coming month. So, one evening, the redhead and his partner invited Steve to go with them to one of the local clubs. Not for the intention of picking someone up - a first for Arnie - but simply to enjoy the performances of the drag queens. Bucky was far more comfortable letting Steve go with them (he was such a mother hen sometimes) because Michael had toned down most of Arnie’s partying ways since he disapproved of doing drugs and drank only in moderation.
Tony stared at the finished Jericho schematics. All that was left was to fabricate, and it was just about perfect Obie calming material.  The math was perfect; the simulations were perfect; and, it would demonstrate so well. All he had to do was keep it handy in case of rising suspicions. Somewhere in the fugue-like state, he had been in, Tony heard Dum-E be the best little bot and put a letter in its home.
Steve outright giggled at the drawing. In response, he sketched a quick comic of Jarvis having a cup of tea poured by a robot. The man looked utterly unphased, even though the robot had a precarious grip on the teapot. On a whim, he added Edward peeking around the doorway, a bright grin on his face.
Moving to sit on the edge of his bed, he lit the oil lamp with a trembling hand. Once the lamp flickered to life, he jammed a hand through his hair. Then, slowly, he opened the nightstand drawer and pulled out Edward’s letters. Curling up against the headboard, he slowly began to read through every single letter. His eyes were red with exhaustion as dawn broke through the morning haze and illuminated the most recent letter.
“You take care of yourself, chickadee.” She hesitated. “And don’t be a stranger. George will be sore for a while, but I’ll have words with him if I need to. You belong here as much as any of us do.”
You don’t evne want to know how much it cost me to have Ma’s last rights done. The priest weren’t even going to come do them, because of how broke I was, but Frank’s family stepped in. Said that the priest bettre get his rear to the funeral or else. I think he did it more because he was scared of what Winni would do to him than agreeing to take the money. That woman could scare the paint off a wall if she wanted to. And when her and Ma got together… Lord love ‘em, they could’ve taken over the world if they had a mind to it.
Getting out of the tub and onto his handily towel-covered couch was easier than getting into the tub at least. “Friday, remind me to thank Maria again,” he muttered as he dropped onto it.
And, of course, they went on a multitude of long-distance dates.
Here’s where I am sitting.
Tony sent the letter with a small assortment of drawings of Grant with different sets of brows. Sometimes growling about weird torture with tweezers. One of the drawings was with the Groucho Marx Brow with an angry “No!”
Arranging a date with a model was both harder and easier than Tony had imagined. Getting in touch with publicists and finally reaching the proper number so he could actually arrange it with the model herself was a whole other headache. The first model was named Hallie, and she was the Maxim May model. He had originally hoped the model Pepper knew, Pat, would be his first date; he had met her once, and she seemed nice enough. But, he made the mistake of asking for Pat’s schedule, and it looked hellish. He wasn’t even sure he’d be able to make a place in her schedule next year, let alone in time to keep Obie off his tail. Pat was apologetic about being unavailable, and she was kind enough to at least give Pepper the contact information for Hallie’s publicist.
That did however explain what happened to those really ratty jeans.
They sat around on the posh furniture Jarvis had personally selected last year (replacing what had been damaged by the awful party Ty had thrown), and Tony felt ridiculously like royalty holding court. Rhodey and Pepper were settled together in the loveseat while Jarvis sat, legs neatly crossed, in one of the wingback chairs. Tony, meanwhile, had the entire sofa to himself, with his gifts spread out on the coffee table in front of him.
I think about you a lot. And imagine you lounging sometimes sketching away while I tinker around.  It makes the place feel less empty when Jarvis is working on his family affairs. I am about to work on the writing portion of the gift and once that dries it's with you.  I can't shake my excitement about seeing you. Even if it's not your face. It is something.
Pepper then snagged her gift off the table and gave it a tempting wiggle. “Mine next?” she said, smiling softly. Tony carefully sat Ana’s writing set back on the coffee table before accepting the package from Pepper.  Tugging off the ribbon, he draped it over Dum-E’s arm, making the robot beep enthusiastically at the new decoration. Then, feeling a bit more energized, Tony ripped through the blue paper to reveal the contents of the gift. He grinned widely at the multitude of boxes and toys stacked neatly inside. “Thank you. This is going to actually make phone meetings doable,” Tony grins as he pulls out the puzzle box, giving it a wiggle as he looked at all the other desk toys.
Arching an eyebrow, Arnie offered his friend a devilish smirk. “You could just tell him: Oh Eddie, I want to suck your dick. Please come to New York and come all -” Whatever else he would have said was smothered by Michael’s hand.
Have Jarvis give you a good, tight hug for me. And try to avoid doing anything too illegal on your birthday, honey. Remember, I cannot write to you if you get yourself tossed in the can.
“Thing is he says he’d make a horrible prison bride, so we have to keep it legal, Dem,” Tony quipped back watching her snort and fall a little forward a moment.
This time of year… it does something to me. Like the shadows grow inside of me the more the days grow shorter. The light is so hard to find sometimes.
Shivering, he crawled out of bed and stumbled into the kitchen. The letter seemed to stare at him from the tabletop. Turning to the stove, he began to heat up the water and a pan to make breakfast. He slumped over to the table with his plate of eggs and cup of tea. As he ate, he stared at the letter once more. And somehow, entirely against his will, a ghost of a smile touched his lips. Pausing in his eating, he grabbed a piece of paper and began to write, continuing to eat with his off hand.
Is this easier? And yes I can try to read through the book slower. I go through books very quickly.  Be it textbooks, novels, legal documents. Damnit Grant you have dedication for deciphering my chicken scratch.  Thank you.
At Steve’s side, Bucky had gone completely still. Looking over at the brunet, Steve nearly vibrated with emotion. “Do you think we’ll join the war soon?” he murmured, trying to keep his voice low as the newsreel moved on to the next subject.
Edward
in a theatre that sizzled with a heady combination of dread and excitement. “Why’d ya wanna see this?” Bucky asked as they waited for the reels to start.
“Demi, I support your rant, but don’t you have a flight tomorrow?” Tony asked as he grabbed the spare quilt. He turned off the mini projector as well.
Steve was out for one of his walks in the city when he decided to detour through Central Park. Sure, it was quite a ways out of his normal path, but it had become a special place after one of their long-distance dates. Whenever he missed Tony particularly fierce, he would go sit in the park and sketch; trying to capture the moments he wanted to share with the other man.
Once the pill had dissolved, Ty leaned back in his seat and gave the brunet a lazy grin. “Thanks, sweetness.” His hand dropped to Tony’s lap - lightly tracing the inside seam of his pants. He then turned to share a pill and spit with the woman on his other side, his grip on Tony tightening further.
Of my parents I missed my mom more; I'm sorry you lost yours young too. I would have appreciated that, just time with you shared in some way.  I think I try to get things for people; I don't mean it in an attempt to buy people’s affection, but I want to see people taken care of.
The second is a wallet. I know you probably have a bunch of them, knowing how big a chunk of change you probably carry on the daily. But, I thought maybe this was a way you could keep a piece of me and your bots next to your heart without making a fuss. Plus, the jacket I salvaged it from was no use to anybody as it was, so this gave it a new life.
And why yes the Doctor Who special that year did have Jack Harkness.
Grant. I think Obie is getting suspicious that I am not going out as much. I have this idea that feels like a step backwards but would let him lay off.  It would attract attention at least but my replies to you might be more delayed than I would like.
“So what I’m hearin’ is that the Rogers share a weakness for Italians,” Buck drawled. “So, you gunna write him back?”
When they arrived at 7 Middagh Street, the trio stopped short. The building was an odd thing among its much blander brick brethren. While the others were brownstone, February flaunted its difference with white stone mixed in with the brick; fanciful wooden trimmings that looked as though they had escaped from the British countryside; and, a peaked roof that caused the building to stand tall among its fellows. Steve was absolutely charmed by it. Seeing his smile, Arnie laughed, “They only got it habitable a couple months ago. Renovated the place themselves.”
Maria apparently has put the picture you gave her a while back up in her room.
Edward
“We’ll figure that out when we get there. One of his friends already knows something is up, so hopefully, it’ll be okay.” Tony smiled trying not to imagine not being able to reach Steve for far too long. Not during the war. While Steve said he’d be a horrible prison wife, Tony is pretty sure he is not fucking made to be a war bride.
And oh my god. I would love to see that painting of Pendragon and Mark. I love ANY spin on those stuffy old pictures; I get so bored of seeing the same portraiture. So having your friends dressed all posh and either looking fondly at each other or even just comfortably together would be such a damn treat. That is the kind of stuff that makes the thing that lives in my chest thrive. I’d love to see them happy. I wish I could forge a document, something that would allow them to marry. A gift like that would be amazing to make, or even just to help someone make.
During the credits for
I know the position we are in is real difficult. You cannot come here, and there is no way I can go to you. And there is also the worry about your safety. Me? I doubt Obie would even notice someone like me, let alone be able to do harm to me. But I can understand why you would be concerned for me. If Obie knew who I was, he might try to hurt me to get at you. Is that something he could honestly do, though? Find me, I mean. Hurt me.
How Roger lifts his wife so casually is one of the cutest things.  If I tried to lift you like that, you would probably fight me.
There was one more day of meetings and he intended to go straight home after them. Tony stared at the faded mural and finally took some pictures of his own. “Guess I’m really late aren’t I?” Tony asked the mural. He sighed and brought up his own hand where Steve Rogers in the painting was holding his. It wasn’t as if he were the Doctor and could pluck up Steve for an adventure. “You’d either talk to me about this one or you’d just talk and we’d go to Central Park and try to recreate it wouldn’t we?” Tony sighed as he strode up to the mural and looked up at the tree again. Tony traced his own initials against the wall with his fingertip. Tony drove back to the hotel and checked in with Rhodey.
I just never really thought about it that way. Still don't.  But I would like that, having you draw around me. I like having my friend Rhodey around in the garage as a sounding board, too. He and I went to the same college; and, he is one of the most practical people I know. I have got your art in my garage.  It's one of the places I spend the most time in. I think I spend more time asleep on the lounger than in my bed.
"I have been recruited by an agency. It doesn't pay half as well as you do. Nor does it have half the benefits.  But it would let me eventually be the leader of a unit again.  I am putting in my two weeks of notice.  I can make some suggestions for you about how you can best practice.  Who you can hire for security.  Unless answering your phone calls would put me in direct danger, I will always answer. "
"Brains run in the family," Tony kept the pace, easily watching the surroundings.
Tony finally exhaled as he read about Grant wanting to hear about Rhodey’s family. He’d happily talk Grant’s ears off about the Rhodes family and Jarvis. Tony started making his notes into something more coherent as he thought about how to answer Grant’s last question. How was he going to explain Steve Rogers, Captain America, to Grant? Obviously not using any of those names. He’d figure it out in his draft.
“Yeah that happened, and it’s so complicated. But, right now, I am really happy with it,” Tony answered, sprawled out in his chair like a wet rag. Tony watched Maria try to parse him out, and, eventually, she shook her head.
Which is probably why you are also getting some of the sketches I did of Ella. I cannot seem to decide what angle to paint her at for the mural. Like if she should be the center, staring straight out over the bar. Or if she should be off side, singing out towards the corners. What do you think?
“Sometimes it’s better to know for certain,” Arnie agreed. “And where is that Steve Rogers fight, huh? I never seen you run scared before. Why you starting now?”
As summer slowly bled into fall, Steve’s correspondence with the mysterious engineer continued. They talked about life, their opinions on art, and even more about their various preferences. The pair even developed a few inside jokes, which delighted the blond to no end. By the time September was drawing to a close, they were clearly friends… if not something a little bit more. Well, Steve hoped it was a bit more. He was utterly enchanted by Edward. The man was witty and sharp, but there was a brightness to him that made it feel like a perfect summer afternoon reading his words. And Steve would need every ounce of that warmth in the coming weeks.
“I’m sure the murals are stunning. Something tells me the Carlyle has no idea they’ve got a bar painted by Cap himself.” Moving slowly, she started for the alleyway’s exit. “I’m guessing you do want to preserve that mural and relocate it?”
Edward was clearly out to kill Steve. Along with the typical letter, there was also the most stunning drawing of a timepiece the blond had just about ever seen. Each line coursed with life and movement, which was so surprising of something inanimate. It was not typical of what most would consider art, sure, but Steve could see the talent and vision in it. And it just about made him want to melt clean off the bed just looking at it. Carefully, he grabbed a tack and pushed it through the paper and into the wall above his bed. Now, every morning and every evening he would be able to see a small reminder that Edward was real.
Tony waits for news while Bucky learns something he never wanted to
Tony-2007
Struck by a sudden bout of whimsy, he pulled open his dresser and dug about to find a specific envelope. This one was a bit dog-eared from how long it had been kicking around along with his undershirts, but it was still safely shut. Inside was a handful of coins Steve had carefully set aside for a day where he felt real good - a day where the weather was fine and his lungs no longer ached from the case of pneumonia. A day like that is a beautiful Monday.
Tony watched Maria come in with a briefcase in addition to her gym bag. Tony had a feeling there were changes coming.
Edward,
“You would not believe it Pepper. But yes. The artist is something else, you know,” Tony murmured with a small smile of his own.
“That was amazing,” Steve breathed, as the ending credits rolled. Looking over at Bucky, he laughed a little to find the brunet had his hands over his eyes. “Buck. It’s over. The good guys won.”
I do not like talking about it.
Heading back upstairs was a strangely tense affair. That night it was stew for dinner … and a talk. But neither man seemed to be able to broach it directly. Instead, Jarvis talked about his most recent visit with his Aunt Peggy. Tony discussed upgrades he had planned for Dum-E. They even made plans for the coming weekend - what new meal Jarvis would attempt to teach Tony how to make.
December sucks.
What The Fuck?
“Blankets perhaps, or are they going to be part of the war effort?” Jarvis asked, gathering his dishes to the kitchen.
This chapter Bucky and Steve work at a factory at the tail end of the Radium Girls tragedy. Tony suspects as much which is why he suggests Steve leave the factory building whenever he can on breaks.
All that from walking into an active experiment room at NYU. And then waking up in a field near a hydra base in 1944.
And thank you. Honestly, it is not my usual style. George had a real specific vision for what he wanted, and I think I was able to translate it well. He said I should probably be able to do a couple more things for them, through the year. I am going to be attending a few get-togethers he is hosting, just so he can introduce me to more potential clients. Not sure if I really believe him, but he said I have the sort of talent money cannot buy. I think he is just trying to convince me to get to know him better if you know what I mean. He is too sharp for my taste, though. Now if Ben were single, that I would consider. I have always been a bit weak for a man who was musical. But he and Peter are so perfect together, I do not think I could ever get in the way of that.
Of course, those revelations came too little too late as far as Ty was concerned. Whether it was he lost time or whatever Ty took wasn’t helping him, Tony was on his stomach resting with an erection and dreaming of yet another blond he’d never meet or deserve. Tony rested his forehead against the pillow and muttered a forlorn, “Fuck.”
And of course you would favor red. You just love to let everyone know you are there and so beautiful, right honey? I just wish I could see you in all your glory. I bet you look stunning wearing red, especially with your heritage. The art teacher I had for classical oil colors loved to ramble about how Italians make jewel tones look fabulous.
I don’t trust Obie further than I can spit either. To keep Obie distracted, my goal is to date a couple of women Pepper knows - models. Maybe all of them, if I can swing it. Hopefully, keep him off the scent of what I'm actually doing, which is trying to find something dirty enough I can kick him off the board. I’m not really looking for a relationship with any of the women, though.  I’m telling all of them something like that too. You know, bait the press, make it seem more like what didn’t happen, happened. Maintain a certain reputation. Because that is what Obie expects: that all I am good for is fooling around with drugs and sex.
I just …
Not when it's people's lives.
Steve flashed Bucky a wide, toothy smile. “Yeah. I bet you’re right. I’m hopin’ it gets easier to write once we know each other a little better. Right now it’s like… It’s like he’s a dream instead of someone real, y’know? Like, at any moment I’ll wake up and it’ll be like he was never even there.” He stared fondly down at the envelope in his hands, eyeing the way the letters danced across the page. “So I am just goin’ to enjoy every minute of it. Until I wake up.”
Looking between them, Steve felt his breath hitch. “More than alright, Arnie. They’re beautiful. Thank you.”
"If you are sure. Just means I am going to be harder on you later, Tony," Maria warned as she sat on a bar stool.
Carole and I run in similar circles. Private parties all that jazz. I’ve been meaning to meet Cary; just haven’t managed it yet. Do I sense a favourite Grant?
“If you should spread anybody’s name, it’s Arnie’s. He’s such an amazing sculptor, and people overlook him because he’s mated to another alpha.” Steve scowled down at the floor. “Me? My name seems like it’s everywhere.”
“I’m going to be in DC…” Maria crossed her arms.
My name is St - right. We are not supposed to use our names, just in case the letters are intercepted. You can call me Grant van Gogh, I suppose. One of my best friends calls me van Gogh. I have been working on my art degree when I can afford to take classes, and part of me thinks Vincent is the only artist my friend - I guess I can call him Franklin? - knows the name of. Franklin is a good egg, though, even if he does not know many artists. I am real lucky to have him watching my back. He is actually the one who suggested I give this a try. I am sick more often than not, so sneaking out to the clubs is not easy to do. Makes it hard to meet with someone who is like me. I am sure you understand, in some way, since you are writing too.
“My family is in possession of letters exchanged between the artist of these and someone important in his life. I… needed to see them for myself,” Tony explained as he followed her quickly.
The only real downside to the work was that it left them both so exhausted at the end of the day that they barely managed to eat before collapsing in their respective beds. And, as fortune turned their way, it meant it was more than a week before Bucky was able to sneak down the alleyway near where Rockland Palace used to be. He quickly found the right letter and stuffed it in his pocket, hurrying away before anyone could notice his presence. Steve always wanted to go deliver the letters himself - probably hoping he might chance across his Edward - but Bucky forbade it. After all, if Stevie got arrested, he wouldn’t last a week in a prison.
What I do is I’m an engineer. I design many things and try to build them myself. So my build tends to be fairly sturdy. I think you sound lovely. You must have long fingers that might be a little thin, tend to be smudged with lead or ink. Do you ever have to wash the lead from your face after a drawing because you’ve wiped your face by mistake? I have. Tell me more detail, does your hair tend to be more ashy or warmer? Does it lie straight or curl?
“Michael!” A pout turned Arnie’s lips. “You’re awful.”
Another date, another dollar, Tony thought nonsensically as he stumbled out of bed. He guided himself down the stairs and looked over as Jarvis was reading a tablet. "There's coffee in the pot, and Ms Hill is on her third cup already.  She is an interesting running companion when you awaken early enough," Jarvis mused as Tony poured himself a mug.
Also, I would happily dance for you, with you, and teach you to dance. Garage or anywhere you feel safe to. My record player and collection would be yours to use at your leisure.
See I would totally make a tea bot for Jarvis, but he has it down to a science with timers for certain blends though his normal one he just adds milk and honey and just leaves the bag in. He inhales it. So you are right. And that is why the bots are downstairs or it would be chaos.
Tony 2007 | Steve 1941
And yes we do need to trade. I’m not sure about the logistics of that yet because there is nothing like fresh off the pan anything.
“Thanks, Friday,” Tony said, a befuddled smile working its way onto his face. “Who would put a letter from the thirties in my mailbox?” He pondered that as he sat down on the stool next to where the envelope sat on the table. Jarvis? Maybe Jarvis went to an antique shop and found a few old letters. Fun things for Tony to read; possibly World War II era stuff for his collection. Or maybe Rhodey had snuck it in there before he had left, just to play. Tony leaned forward, bracing his elbows on the table as he took a cursory glance at the envelope. The old fashioned writing and steady hand were nice to look at. Pulling the envelope free, he jammed a finger under the lip of the envelope and tore it open. He slid the contents out into his hand, finding what seemed to be just an ordinary letter. Reading it, he fought back a smile.
Steve knew his mother would not approve of him getting drunk, but it was all he could do when faced with the emptiness of the night. Every other day of the year, he handled it just fine. But not on October 15th. Bucky was good enough to stay with Steve, making sure he did not get too sick or find his way into any trouble. If it were not for the potent sorrow of the day, it might even be fun - like old times, when they were mere children sharing a bed while Sarah was working the graveyard shift.
Tony grinned as the inspiration came together.
Edward
Tony placed the final piece on his box pyramid as he heard the flag raise on the mailbox. The brunet cringed as Dum E barreled into the pyramid, taking part of it out in his rush for the mailbox. “Oh Dum-e,” he sighed, still casually dangling in the air. “Alright bring it to me.” He still had a notepad and pencil in his pocket at least. The sound of some distressed beeping as Dum-E wasn’t completing his command made Tony whirl around in the harness to give the bot an unimpressed look. “I did not install a telescopic arm on you for you to forget it’s there. You can definitely reach me,” Tony sighed as he used the projected keyboard to manually get Dum-E to pass him the letter. Tony read it as he carefully sat and swung, legs kicking comfortably. And, well, since he was there already, he remained in the harness and typed out the first draft of his reply one-handed as he read.
(See the end of the chapter for
Opening the package, Steve laughed as the mess of tools and wires poured out over his lap. “I told Eddie I wanted to work with new mediums. Particularly copper and stuff. Guess he had a bit of fun figurin’ out how to make that happen.” He held up a bundle of wire and gave it a wiggle. “Looks like I got somethin’ to keep me busy over the summer. Can try some of the techniques Penny was showing me a couple months ago.”
As I said, I am not the best at describing myself. So, I have left another drawing. This time of my hands. My ma always said I had a pianist’s hands, simply because my fingers are so long. Though I am very slight, my hands are rather large; Franklin likes to tease me that I have hands better suited to someone over six feet tall than someone my height. Most days my hands are covered in ink or charcoal, but sometimes I am lucky enough to get a job where I get to use paint. I tend to get it not just on my face but in my hair, which used to frustrate my ma so bad. She would always ask me if I rolled around in my art before finishing it, which I would tell her was the best part of being an artist. For some reason she never found it too funny, probably because getting ink and paint out of clothes is so difficult.
When it came time for Arnie to draw Steve, the blond was a bundle of nerves. While his body had gained more muscle after his illness in the winter, he never felt particularly comfortable in his own skin. He was nothing like Arnie and Bucky; they were strapping and beautiful. And there was a corner of his mind that whispered it was one thing for Edward to hear about his figure and another altogether to see it laid out on the page. What if the man hated how he looked?
But in his hands, cradled almost like a treasure, was a drawing of what Steve imagined the man would look like asleep. The restless sweep of his curls, tossed by dreams, falling over his forehead. A smooth curve as his neck joined the shoulder. Stubble, unruly and dark, ruining the shape of the man’s ridiculous goatee. Strong, calloused fingers tangled in the blanket held to his chest, a tender gesture that made him seem smaller and softer than he likely was. But most of all, dearest of all, was the tiny smile Steve had drawn on his lips - as though he were caught in a particularly good dream.
Settling back down against the wall, Steve then turned his attention to the letter. The first half of the letter made a soft smile curl the edges of the blond’s lips. He was not sure how he felt about being called a ‘little treat of a man,’ sure, but … maybe it was okay if Edward called him that. So long as the other man did not call him short. Nothing quite got Steve going quite like being called short.
“I’m not an expert, but I’ve learned about the February House recently. And I have been watching a fair few movies recently,” Tony mused as she nodded. His phone pinged with a text notification, and he ignored it for the moment.
You are going to kill me. Are you sure we are looking at the same face of mine? I’ve been called a devious looking son of a bitch a fair bit. But I am just horrifically amused by this and love it. Angel Face. Grant, that’s more likely you than me.
As he meandered along the boardwalk, Steve noticed something that caught his attention: a flower cart. The start of an idea worked its way into his head as he drifted closer. Going over, he purchased a bouquet of red and white flowers - cheerfully noting that there were no hydrangea in sight. He then carried it with him as he walked, carefully cradled in his arms. About halfway down the boardwalk, a young man with a camera stopped him. “Can I take your picture?” he asked, smiling crookedly.
The Andrew Sisters are a dream if you haven’t seen them. I could sit and listen to a lot of their music. But trying to look at who’s going where is a little hard to keep track of sometimes.
Sitting down at the kitchen table, he skimmed over the letter - pen and paper beside him on the table. He was getting a bit low on paper; soon he would have to stop past to get some more. It was perhaps a bit frivolous to buy paper, especially with how much it ate out of his monthly budget, but Edward was worth it. Or maybe, if Steve were very lucky, he could trade artwork for some paper. The lady who ran the stationery shop was very charmed by Steve - Bucky claimed it was not charmed by so much as interested in - and sometimes she would be willing to make deals. It would be worth an attempt if nothing else. He gave the pen a little twirl around his finger, already planning how to fit a visit to the shop into his uneven work schedule.
And Eddie… maybe the future will be less scary, now that I know it has you.
Grant,
“Shame I probably can’t say, if I die and am not back in six months it is Obadiah’s fault,” Tony muttered. Tony smiled as he earned a snort from Jarvis.
October 15th was not a pleasant day for the Rogers-Barnes contingent. Winifred Barnes did her best to soften the start of the day for Steve by making his favorite breakfast, though without his ma’s famously crispy bacon. The lack of it on the plate, however slight it seemed, served as a sharp reminder that life was a bleaker place without Sarah to brighten it. And boy did he feel ridiculous for tearing up over bacon of all things.
Don’t give up, Grant. We just have to live and hope for a kinder future. I’m hoping for that someday too, if not for me, just for so many deserving people that would take such good care of so many kids. Also the bullshit of how older kids don’t get adopted. You bet your ass almost any queer couple seeking to adopt would be amazing to those children. Especially if they were allowed to marry. Augh.
The mural had clearly been the victim of time. At one corner, all of the paint had flaked away, while in the bottom had traces of graffiti that someone had mostly cleaned off. But there was enough of the mural remaining that Tony could clearly make out the subject matter. It was an evening scene set in Central Park: a quiet lane stretching through the trees off into the distance. Standing in the middle of the pathway was a couple, both wrapped in heavy coats to protect them from the rain that could be seen streaking in the distance. To most, the pair would simply look like a man and woman embracing each other in the quiet of the evening. But Tony knew those figures - how Steve loved to render them. Especially in the size of the smaller figure’s hand as it rested on the taller man’s shoulder. What shook the brunet the most, though, was that Steve had painted them kissing in a way that was heartachingly tender.
He crawled to sleep finally in the garage, careful not to drop too heavily on top of Rhodey.  The Black man barely stirred on the couch, merely shifting to accept Tony’s weight as they drifted to sleep. Tony’s last thought before dreams claimed him was that he couldn’t even be sure if he’d left a date on the letter, but that was fine.
Franklin and I have been making good use of the book! When he has a day off or works a short shift, we’ll practice in his room. The other day I managed to throw him over my shoulder. Can you believe that! We really appreciate that you included the stretching exercises, too. I know they have helped make sure we do not get hurt too bad. Of course, Franklin did accidentally give me a black eye the other day… we were going through the motions, just to get the form right, and he swung a bit too fast. I have not stopped ribbing him about it.
The first of some of the more letter heavy chapters. There might be a surprise a little later in the week.
Your Edward.
I will do my best to be careful. In theory, it will take me anywhere from two to four weeks per mural, depending on how big they are – in addition to the planning phase. So lots of time to feel tall.
Franklin also insisted I spritzed the letter with a scent he bought me a few years ago. I never really use it myself, though, as it tends to set off my lungs. But he said that it is a smell that suits me, whatever that means, and that you might like it. I hope you do. I also sketched my favorite view of the Island; I thought you might like that too.
” Steve said in his best French. “
Sunshine, I am going to try to snap a picture of Maria’s face when I tell her you’re using her gift to also teach Franklin’s sisters how to kick ass. And yes they would. They would definitely take over the world and we would be better for it. It would be a much more efficient world with them running it. Probably nicer too.
I still think I dreamed it - the injuries. I must have though, right? I’m a creative guy in my own right, Obie reminds me of that too. I might’ve watched something I shouldn’t have as a kid that gave me the idea. I don’t know. Obie knows me well; he’s been a part of my family's business for a long time. Functioned as an advisor and is one of the most senior members of staff. He might have been friends with my dad even.
Jarvis made some wry comment on Tony’s state, he was sure, but everything seemed muffled and distant. Whatever Ty had given him packed one hell of a punch. Usually Tony was able to shake things off pretty well, but he was on a trip that seemed intent to keep going.
I thought I had your brows, but you’re telling me they are thicker? Do not make me bring out the Groucho Marx brows Grant. I will do it. You can’t stop me. But augh, people can shape them and they can change. You don’t have any neat eyebrow scars or anything…. Know what. Pausing the knight’s adventures. We are going to play with your eyebrows and not your hair this time.
But I think I can keep him away from my things going forward.
Jarvis was curled up on the couch under his knit blanket when Tony emerged from the garage. Tony glanced to see Friday had paused while Jarvis was partway through an episode of Battlestar Galactica. Tony gently nudged Jarvis with a small smile. “Hey dad, you’re on the couch,” Tony said quietly.
“A curse upon your house Lord Kitt!” Tony wrote on the back, including a little doodle of himself with a fancy cape and crown sticking his tongue out at the reader.  He tucked everything in and sent the letter with a smile. Tony patted the mailbox before it did its thing, and he looked back at his normal workspace.
“Arnie Roth,” Steve said easily. “We met at art school. I taught him about anatomy, and he taught me about sculpting.” He cleared his throat as the omega leaned close. “If you want to get some sleep, you can bunk with the Howlies that aren’t on duty. It would get you away from the smell of stressed omegas.”
At that, Steve simply deflated against the dark wood of the sill. “James,” he whined. “Gimme my letter.”
Pausing in his work, Bucky braced his hands on the edge of the tub and smiled at his best friend. “Yeah, I can do that. And I’ll make sure it gets to the mailbox before my shift. Promise.”
Tony was pretty certain Demi was about ready to explode in heart-shaped confetti.
“Oh! Keep on going down towards where the freak shows and blue tents are. You’ll find the booths right over there,” the stranger explained helpfully. “If you hit the rides, you’ve gone too far.”
A sad smile drew across Bucky’s lips. “Yeah. Almost.” Reaching over, he slung an arm around Steve’s shoulders. “You still wanna get boozy tonight?”
And as a father, if not golden, I will be silver; my grandfather’s hair went nearly white. So we will see. I am trying to be a better man, though times are rough all around Grant. Being away from Ty has helped a lot. Still not sure about being a father though. Maybe mentoring or something first would be better before trying to procreate.
Reaching into his pocket, Steve carefully counted out a full seventy-five cents for a bouquet. The florist was able to make a pretty arrangement with bells of Ireland, peonies, and hydrangea - all in the soft blues, pinks, and yellows Sarah had loved so much. Taking the wrapped package in hand, the blond cradled the flowers to his chest and started towards Holy Cross Cemetery. When Sarah had died, Stevie had worked himself nearly into his own grave to afford getting her buried in a Catholic cemetery, but it had been worth it. He knew how important it was to her to be buried on holy ground and have all of her rites done correctly. And, in a way, it was a small mercy that she was not buried closer to where Steve lived. If she had been, it would have been too tempting to spend hours sitting beside her grave, dreaming of a world that no longer existed.
Tony was going to be Steve’s tour guide to the future.
And yeah, because of Cary Grant. I do not even know what the movie is about, but I have to see my man. Hopefully, it is at least decent. Or less traumatizing than Angel Street.
Tony Stark, want to have a date and say we fucked if anyone asks me. But the actual sex is optional?” Hallie said over the phone after he had explained his plan.
Tony delicately put down the first sketch and shut his eyes as he carefully felt for the next sketch. He took a steadying breath before finally opening his eyes to look. This was Grant. This was the man that he has been writing to for months, and it was only then that the brunet was getting a soft and intimate look at him.
When he got home, the blond carefully hung the slicker over the tub so the water could drain off the fabric. He also leaned the umbrella in the tub after giving it a good shake on the landing. Sighing, Steve then looked down at his hands, which had not stopped shaking since the moment George had loomed over him in the hall. “You’re fine,” he growled at himself. “You’re home. Door’s locked. You’re fine.” His fingers continued to shake as he unbuttoned his shirt and dropped it into the laundry basket. Soon after his socks and slacks followed.
"That's fine," Tony waved as he went down to the garage.  He grabbed the letter and sat on his usual chair. Tony sighed, looking at the spelling and back at the sloppy lettering on the front. Grant wrote this smashed, and Franklin still sent it. If it was intentional he would have to commend Franklin for making sure Grant survived.
And I am sorry if that is more than you want. I wanted to be honest, though, so you knew exactly where I stand.
March 12
“Maybe.” He turned to head back towards the building. “It’s the smell, isn’t it? That bothers you. In there, I mean.” Steve gave an offhand gesture back toward the base they’ve travelled around.  The omega’s scent had been rank with anxiety since the moment he’d stepped into the room with the other prisoners.
-Grant
“I guess so,” Bucky agreed. “It’s nice, though. Having artwork like that in a holy place. Muter always says that beautiful things remind us of the divine, and some of that fancy glass was mighty fine.”
Back to California and working through the month. Tony thought through how best to help keep them both busy. How he’d try yet another approach to figure out how he would best stumble at whatever the hell Obie was doing. It wasn’t his job to help Steve through his seasonal depression. But if he didn’t at least offer methods of coping, it wouldn’t sit well with him.  Dates and maybe a commission or two were the fastest solutions he could think of to help keep him busy.
Edward
Edward
But the surest sign of Steve’s love came in the mural he did at the end of the summer. It was one of the only murals to survive to the 21st century, aside from the jazz mural inside the Carlyle and the diner on Arthur Avenue. Tony would not find out about that love, though, until he had to return to New York for a mandatory board meeting in October 2008. He sat through the meeting with Obie and the rest of the board, agonizing over every minute spent wasting his time listening to them prattle on. It was everything he could do to not check his watch, knowing that his appointment with a local art historian was creeping nearer and nearer.
Ducking his head to hide his blush, Steve shrugged. “Y’know, I think I am.”
You got any good plans for this week, honey?
Still a little bleary, Steve washed off his dishes before grabbing a sheet of paper and his favorite pen. He considered adding one of the photos to the envelope, but something about it felt wrong. Especially because Edward was still trying to get his features right in the drawings of Sir Grant. The mystery could stand to go on a little longer, and he could send the photo later.
So then tell me about what you like for food, where you would like to go. I am extremely spoiled for choice,  and sticking with Jarvis makes it hard to decide.  Ana's cookbooks and the ones he has are divine.  But really, for me, it's good food done right. I could happily eat some pastrami on rye as long as the rye is fresh and the mustard brown and the pastrami delicious.  Jarvis misses the Carnegie Deli every week we aren't in Manhattan.  He swears it gets better every time he goes - even though there's a place in California I am prepared to fight him tooth and nail that I think is better.
Tony exhaled and flipped to a letter he had started.
“Your email said you were looking for two very specific murals. I was sure to read up on them for you, though admittedly they are not particularly well-documented ones.” Stealing her hand back, she wrapped it around the strap of her bag. “The first one is actually just down the street.” She started down the street at a steady scurry, clearly having adapted to life in New York. “What led to your interest in these particular murals?”
Grant.
Grant,
Where Arnie is VIP. And MVP.
“Yeah, I should not try to sleep without liquor that week. It’s just not good. Terrible,” Tony said in a rush as he looked at the back of the picture. “December 24, 1940. Oh honey, you’ve got so much ahead of you.” Tony read aloud a moment before shaking his head.
Tony had been struck by inspiration finally for later when Steve was able to read his normal writing without too many difficulties. So far he had a set of motion trackers on his arm and hand with a pressure sensor under a sheet of paper. It played with the idea that you could scan your writing and put it on a computer screen. It was just a matter of feeding a robotic arm the input to mimic his writing. Hence the pressure and motion sensors. He would be able to write Steve from anywhere, anytime. And look organic with pressure pressed into the paper.
Tony’s thoughts, which had drawn his attention away from the latest missile he had been designing, were interrupted as he heard the flag lift on the mailbox. Perhaps it was a good time for a break. The brunet sat down the stylus and swiped the keyboard away.  Turning on his stool, he then watched Dum-e do his job by pulling the letter from the mailbox and carrying it over to the basket the engineer had placed at the edge of one of the worktables. Standing, he crossed over to stand beside Dum-e and patted the robot’s arm before he grabbed the envelope.
When they arrived at the hotel, Serena gaped up at it. She knew of the Carlyle, sure, but going inside with Tony Stark at her side was pretty much the last thing she ever thought would happen in her life. And then Tony’s coat was swept away for cleaning while her coat was simply checked. “Anybody ever tell you you’re hella rich?” she murmured under her breath. Clinging to her bag like a lifeline, she walked along with Tony into the bar.
Back to the movie.
“You know I love it. Bring it here, honey bear.” Tony grinned, holding his hands out and wriggling his fingers. He unwrapped it carefully, managing to do no damage to the paper; it needed to be preserved for posterity. Maybe, if he managed to remember, he could wrap Rhodey’s birthday gift in it when October rolled around. The item inside, however, was not something he recognized. The box was plain cardboard, only the stamp on the side of it identifying it as from the Brooklyn Museum. But what was the most peculiar was the scribbled handwriting underneath the stamp that read “unusable donation.” Baffled, Tony opened the box and stared uncomprehendingly at the contents.
It was Tony’s turn to be a little gobsmacked. He chuckled a moment. “You think I’m pretty?” Tony grinned. “You’re like a Disney prince, and you think I’m pretty. Thanks. “
Though I should do something with Sir Grant. It’s been too long.
And then Steve stopped short, his eyes going wide. There, written as plain as day, were the words he had hoped for but never expected. Usually his expressions of love were met with things like “ditto” or “I’m real fond of you too, honey.” But there it was. “Love you.” It was the first time Eddie had ever clearly reciprocated the feelings that had only blossomed more bright and fierce with each passing day. A sort of breathless giggle slipped past Steve’s lips even as a blush burned high on his cheeks. His fella loved him. He wanted to scream it for the entire world to hear, but settled for wiggling in place as best he could without disturbing the now sleeping Bucky.
But how could he find out how Eddie felt about that sort of thing?
But, there was no way of finding out without taking the risk.
PS - Jericho is nearly done.
Love you sweetheart.
In a pigs EYE.
This year I think I will use the excuse of my birthday to go to the movies. Franklin promised me we would find time to do something together, though it has been a bit hard. Right now he is still working in the factory while I am doing some work in the library. Apparently a man had no right to be doing ‘women’s work’ by painting clock faces. For the life of me I just cannot understand why people believe one sex is more suited to a particular kind of work than another. If the mind is keen and the body is able, why should it matter who does what work? But, I suppose I cannot begrudge a woman a good job. They have fewer opportunities than I do, even with my body being what it is.
I have bought you food! I even made sure your plus one that was making sure you were safe ate too. I even got your ma flowers. Sounds like I’ve gone above and beyond your minimum, so when do we leave? Do you have any era’s you want to make a pit stop in? I would be utterly okay visiting Van Gogh himself. Da Vinci, too. So many artists and places would be fun with you. And while I could ask for a spitfire blond, I think you’re right that it might prove challenging. It would be easier to look for Franklin. You gave me a lovely portrait of him and his family. I am still offering the option for you to deck me, and then we’ll go roaming.
Tony watched Demi light up and pump her fist, then start chuckling. “I’m so glad to hear that. And do it, make the forgery bot you want it to be. Use it to make whoever is causing you trouble to leave. Make him fire himself,” Demi rubbed her hands together before tapping her fingertips in near maniacal glee.
“That’s why you barter and hunt?” Tony said stiffly. “Things like cigs and coffee are gold and you and each of your soldiers get the cancer sticks,” Tony replied blandly.
Tony felt the adrenaline slowly start to simmer down, the thoughts coming back down to a good baseline for him. He will be okay, he reminded himself. “Thank you, Jarvis,” Tony was finally able to say as Jarvis settled the fabric back in place.
I’m sorry if I don’t make mcuh sense. Apparently I cannot hold my liquor well. Least that’s what some people say. People who are currently snoring in my bed. He’s so loud I can barely hear myself think, Grant. Wait.. I’m Grant. Sorry, Eddie. I should probably go to sleep.
I’m sure there’d be adventures with Franklin too; he might sometimes galavant with off with a woman. Might get chased out of town. Might get his heart broken. But yes, the time travel adventures are something I like too. We’d go back and grab him before he got in too much trouble.
“No, but are you okay?” Tony asked while he kneeled.
-Grant
“Edward is a good name,” she mused. “I’m glad you have someone, chickadee. He better take care of you - you tell him that for me.”
The alpha shot him a wry smile over his shoulder. “If you’re a spy, then we would want to keep your presence masked anyway.” Moving into the main room, Steve crossed over to where Bucky and Gabe were talking. “I found one more. But get this, he’s American.”
The younger man laughed. “I know. That’s why I want a picture. I’m trying to capture the spirit of Coney, and … I dunno. There’s something about you. So can I?”
Steve shot the omega an absolutely bewildered look. “That ain’t an accent I’d expect to hear in a facility like this,” he said without thinking. “Were you captured while doing espionage or something?” He checked the room once more before pulling the door the rest of the way open.
Do. Not. Shake the babies.
“You could just stay the night, you know,” Peter said. “We do have a guest room tucked away somewhere in this place. And it would be far better than you catching your death in that rain.”
By the time he got home that afternoon, Steve was utterly exhausted. He carefully put the two photos on his bedside table before collapsing on his bed - barely managing to kick off his shoes before he fell asleep. The moon was up and the apartment dark by the time Steve woke up. Crawling out of bed, he puttered through making dinner and lighting a couple of the oil lamps around the room. He ate mechanically, using the time to read back through Edward’s last letter.
Demi: You doing anything for your birthday? Do you need any of us to vouch for anything?
With wireless phones, people would make both great decisions and very stupid decisions with those phones. It’s people Grant; they will be people about it. But I would probably chat my head off to you. My problem is making it affordable. And finding a frequency that isn’t in use by radio. Maybe a different wavelength could work.
Comments, questions and emotional outbursts are always appreciated in the comments. We hunger for them.
Tony: 2006
The fact you are an engineer astounds me. What sort of things is it you build? Though the economy is better than it was a few years ago, things are still so difficult. You must be very talented to have kept your job. I wonder if I have seen any of your craftsmanship without knowing it. What made you decide to be an engineer?
With a groan, Steve flopped back onto the mattress. He gave an experimental little wiggle. It actually felt nice against his skin, since the sheets were new. (It had been a splurge purchase after signing another commission contract, and it was completely worth it.) Deciding he might as well commit to it, he wriggled and twisted in the sheets until his hair was an absolute nest and the fabric was tangled around his hips. Flushed pink and just a little shiny with sweat, he flopped out on his stomach. “This good enough?”
Happy birthday. I love you so much more than I have the words for, but I hope you can feel it in the gifts I made for you.
“Yeah, I know. Now scoot. Go write loverboy.”
Your gift… Honestly, Eddie, how much work did that take? It is amazing! I cannot believe you and Maria would take the time to do that for me. It is so easy to follow. When I show Franklin, he will be absolutely gobsmacked. He and I can try to learn all those moves; might mean a couple less black eyes and broken noses between the pair of us. Seriously, be sure Maria knows my gratitude too. I could kiss you both.
His second gift for Tony ended up taking a great deal more work. He had been hunting through a second-hand shop for a pair of pants that did not have worn out seams when he came across a leather jacket. Most of the material was worn out, but there were several sizable pieces that could be salvaged. Running his fingers over the thick material, Steve smiled to himself. He had always wanted a nice leather jacket; he always thought fellas looked so fine in them. And the thought of Edward in one was a particularly fond fantasy of his. Especially the ones where the brunet roared up in his hotrod wearing a leather jacket and a pair of sunglasses, ready to whisk his boyfriend off on some amazing adventure… Yeah, those were particularly good.
To be very honest, there were even more questions that went through his mind. Just how would a hickey look if he were to suck one right below one of the blond’s back dimples? And things along that vein. “You are just going to be trouble aren’t you,” he murmured towards his dick, glancing down at his lap. Tony wrote a fast note.
Tony watched, he doubted they’d let him examine the weapons too closely at this point. It wasn’t as if the weapons had opened any kind of portal previously. The only reason he considered a tesseract-powered machine was that it powered devices far ahead of its time. Tony could potentially use it to power a time machine.
, which he had chosen because Ella made her feature debut in the movie. He had been delighted to hear her sing again, even though it was nowhere near the same as experiencing the magic of her voice in person. While the movie was not particularly great, it was funny enough - something both men needed at that moment in their lives.
On one hand, I think I could see Obie being just like Paul. But if that is the situation, I need more than manipulation to prove he’s doing something. I need to find more evidence. I need to convince the people around me or find a way to. I think the police would need to be involved before I try to even get him away from my inventions.
(See the end of the chapter for
He sent the letter forty minutes later.
And I always need more inspiration for art. I love going to the record store and listening to things on the Victrola. But going to live performances is always a world of difference. You got any recommendations, sugar?
“I’m gonna dictate the rest of the letter for you on the file I started earlier, ready Friday?”
Tony sent the letter with a couple pictures Pepper had snapped of him and Rhodey working on the Ford in November. December was not a good month for projects, so he’d have to call Rhodey in soon to get that going again. Tony then walked back into the dark room and reluctantly started on the pictures that he must have taken in December. As he worked on them, a slightly embarrassing fact became clear: drunk him was a damn hussy for the camera. Especially if it was for pictures for Grant. Also his ass had gone from nice to
Can I ask you something … a bit more intimate? You do not have to answer if you do not want to, but I am awful curious. What is it like making love to someone? I just … is it worth all the fuss?
And I would love to see armor designs for them. But maybe you could do a fusion. Like, Sir Grant goes to the year 2000. Lord Kitt could have a jetpack, and maybe they drive a flying car. That would be neat.
Tony nodded blearily and barely managed to roll it out. “Hi,” he waved before laying out.
Within a week he was introduced to a woman named Maria Hill, who had just been discharged from the Marines.
Steve’s gaze cut sharply over to the omega. “Who is your commanding officer, anyway?”
Tony winced as he felt his phone vibrate. Repeatedly. He peeked at his phone a moment to see Demi’s texts of “Do I stand a chance she is so pretty! And so cute”
Steve frowned and glanced over at the omega. “They were going to draft you? You must be quite the genius. Usually, omegas get an automatic F4.” He began a circuit of the grounds at a slow, steady pace.
And I am sorry if this is too personal to ask - you can just ignore this part if you want. But I was just wondering… How did you know that you were, uh, a friend of Oscar Wilde? What made you decide to start writing? As I said, if you do not want to answer that, feel free to ignore it. I cannot wait to hear back from you again. Your letter made my day so much brighter. Thank you for writing back, Edward.
It should be "happy holidays," right?
“Aw, honeybear, you brought me something?” Tony immediately moved to snoop at the package; his fingers got smacked when he tried to peek between the folds of the wrapping paper. “Ouch! But it’s mine! I want to see what you brought me.” He affected his best pout, which earned him Rhodey’s infamous blank stare.
“Punk.” Steve only winced a little when Bucky hit him in the shoulder. “I bet you want to see this just’a watch me jump.”
Stay safe, honey.
If it’s someone you are in a relationship, where you’ve already been kissing them and are close with, it’s building on those feelings - just taking it further. You watch and listen, and see what feels good to your partner. Just, you aren’t limited to shoulders up.
Grant, you just said the wire, but, well, I somehow doubted you had all of the tools of your own for this hobby. Forgive me if I’m wrong. Happy birthday. Also if you could apologize to Franklin about how heavy this is for me, I’d be grateful. I hope you’re doing well. Also, I love your gift, and I think someone pulled some strings to make sure I got it sooner so I could make sure to tell you more of my thoughts.
The rest of the evening went by in a mellow mix of liquor, conversation, and half-formed ideas that lingered in the morning as half-drawn blueprints. Tony remembered Pepper placing a hand on his and Rhodey’s shoulders before making her drive home as the first fingers of dawn split the sky.
I am not entirely sure why you keep insisting I am gorgeous. It is sure sweet of you to say so, though. If you are not careful, you might even give me an ego. Then I might actually become insufferable. What would you do then, hm?
Tony felt his heart try to swell in his chest. For all that he joked about Jarvis’s heart because it was so big and he was so good. He was a little worried about his own for a moment. Because there were Jarvis and Ana. Rhodey, Maria, and a cast that Tony knew a strong amount of the people in. “Up in the corner is Steven Grant Rogers trying to steal a man’s pie” Tony explains managing to rein in his voice. Him. It was him. Tony felt his heart try to break out of his ribcage.
Serena’s eyes got caught on the volleyball player’s long, long legs before catching on the book she was reading. “Oh, I love that book! Agent Carter was so well researched.” Ducking her head, she played with one of the pins on her bag that read “Sapphic Babe.” “Um. I wouldn’t mind going. Especially to see the mural.” And if she was blushing, at least the beautiful sienna tone of her skin helped hide it.
Tony sat at the head of the table in one of the boardrooms of Stark Industries, tapping at the tabletop with a pen.  He was waiting for the meeting to start and hadn’t brought any of the desk toys from Pepper because he needed to seem professional in front of the board. All he’d allowed himself earlier was to snap a pic of the letter he got from Grant; reading it again seemed as good an option as any to stave off the dark turn of his thoughts. With Grant’s words fresh in his mind again, Tony pulled out his phone and started typing up a reply.
Rubbing at his eyes, Steve hiccuped back his tears. He hated when he got emotional like this; it was utterly irrational. And yet, he could not stop crying. So, blinking through the tears, he quickly signed off his letter and stuffed it in an envelope. He then gathered the comic pages together and shuffled back to bed, holding them tightly to his chest.
April bled into May with the continuing lack of usable evidence Tony could use against Stane. There were weapons and money moving around for sure, but such things in companies did that - they moved. He was pretty sure they were going to be explained as bugs in the system. Not even he was invulnerable to programming developing bugs.
Angel Face,
Hopefully maybe something that might make things a little lighter for you. It’s a reimagining of Jarvis. If he were to be something at least partially robotic.
“Yeah. Yeah,” Tony repeated as he unlocked himself. He shifted his weight from one side to the other before walking around the island. Whether it was because Jarvis just knew him that well or if it was because Tony was telegraphing something, it was just what he was looking for when Jarvis pulled him in for a hug.
“Well since I don’t know what happened to most of my things I’d like to borrow that, or share it in a careful manner.” Tony chuckled a little and relaxed. “How are you doing?”
Grant
“Yeah, I guess you’re right.” Steve slowly opened the envelope and slid the sheaf of paper out. “Buck... I dunno if I can read this. What if he’s a greaseball? Or if he wrote back only to tell me to shove off because my letters were awful?”
“Yeah, he only says that cause he ain’t met you,” Bucky teased. “He’ll wise up.”
I’m a bit anxious if I were to ever become a father. I keep thinking I would mess up somehow or become as messed up as the other guys in my family. Good ol’ family curses you know?
Tony could not hack his own company systems. He should not hack his own company systems. He was capable of it, but doing so would prove nothing because the evidence would not be admissible in any court. Which meant that Tony could not be the source of the information. And the situation with Obie was nowhere near that dire…. he thought.
“He’s got a mural from the Public Works. Want to help me pick some good reference shots? I am thinking of sending pictures of you, Ana, Maria, Rhodey and Pepper.”
together: “There are no safe paths in this part of the world. Remember you are over the Edge of the Wild now, and in for all sorts of fun wherever you go.” Something about it reminded him of his boyfriend, of his wild sense of adventure and fun. It was perhaps a too practical gift, but something about it felt right.
Give your friend a hug or something. Franklin probably deserves it. I’ll write you soon
-Grant
I’m working on a wireless phone that would hopefully be sturdy enough to survive yours and Franklin’s adventures into vigilantism. Or at least make a battery that can be recharged and handle that type of thing. It’s going okay at best. Trying to keep costs down is a nightmare. Might have to scrap it and try from another angle.
And with the war… I believe the bad things that are managing to get out. Living in the neighbourhood I do, there are a lot of fears. A lot of whispers. Some people have been talking of moving out to the country, just in case the worse should happen. Might be a better chance of hiding out there than in a place like New York. Because if there is an invasion or someone decides to drop a bomb, we are basically a sitting target. And that scares folks – with good reason. Me? I doubt I will survive the war one way or another. So really it just seems like a matter of where I die and how.
I am probably going to love having a snooze with you.  Just make sure to be careful with my nightmares.  But having you around would be great. And I am going to either have a Grant backpack or a Grant shaped blanket apparently, great. Might help me sleep some normal hours or at least a better quality sleep.
A shorter chapter to allow for an inhale.
After his breakfast (or lunch, more accurately), Tony made his way down to the lab and blinked at his many projects. Rather than even attempt to work, he simply collapsed on the couch to ride out the rest of the trip. When he awoke much later in the day, he at least felt vaguely human. If a human had been run through a blender a few times before being poured back into its casing. Head throbbing, he sat up and squinted at the lab. At least everything was in focus, which was a big improvement.
… And I can send the reference back for Ana and Jarvis, once I finish the sketch. I will take real good care of it until I can get it back to you. I am sorry I am not responding to the rest of your letter. I just… I cannot focus on it. My thoughts are all of you.
But Grant, honey, nothing is wrong with you. I was taught things like body language and posturing at a young age. There are people that pick things up like that really young, affecting confidence all of that. It takes practice, honesty, and knowing how to project welcoming and receptive body language. It’s a skill that can be learned. And people notice how people take care of themselves. Franklin and Pendragon sound like they’ve practiced a lot. You’ve just been putting your energy into other things, like your art.
Trying to shake off such morose thoughts, Steve crawled over to his desk and pulled out a sheet of paper. He carefully planned what he wanted to say before starting to write in his small, deliberate handwriting.
She always said she could never love another man the way she loved my father, because when he left he took her heart with him. I do not think I can ever forgive him for hurting her like that.
Edward
Later that evening, he traded the tube, which had the note inside it as well, with Bucky. In return, he got a rather thick package. Raising his eyebrows, Steve weighed it in his hands. “This must be the surprise I was promised.”
“Nah, consider it a fair trade. I get your photo, and you get directions!” With a laugh and a wave, the man started off down towards the beach - camera in hand.
Jekyll and Hyde could be a lot of fun. Science is a pretty powerful thing, and I am real curious to see how they carry out the story. I always wonder if Hyde would have still gone through with the experiment if he had known what he would become. He seems like the type where his thirst for knowledge far exceeds his self-preservation instincts. Or maybe it was something that went beyond that.
“Oh honey, believe me. He will.”
Sunshine, if hitting Obie with a 2x4 solved my problem and wouldn’t be murder, I would have done it. Repeatedly. I also would have used a baseball bat too. Be real through about it.
I've never been the easiest to get to sleep. Nightmares.  Ones that I think would seem crazy to others. I dream I saw my parents in their caskets and they had wounds that even as a child (which I usually am in this dream) I knew didn't fit with the crash. It haunts me.
The brunet took a steadying breath. He loved Stevie - he really did - but sometimes the kid was as thick as bricks. “Won’t know until you read it,” he said finally. “What’s worse? Not knowing or having an answer?”
Steve nodded sadly. “I saw some of that with omegas in my neighbourhood back home. Where a bad mating would make it difficult for an omega to ever feel safe again. Imagine it’ll be even worse having survived a place like this.”
Tony shut his eyes and took a slow breath. It was not going to do anyone any good if he started getting horny over this guy's hands at random. “God damnit.” Tony cursed as he finally read Grant describe himself in a meaningful way. Tony added a few more mental details: he probably had lashes for days that might be a little fair. The nose, the nose made him think of a photo he had seen ages ago of Captain America. A shot that revealed this little bend in his nose that looked like his nose had been broken at some point.
“If it means you’re not drinking and at some point, I will meet your charming man from the forties. I don’t see any reason for you to stop. I’m certain you are looking into potential consequences already. So why should it bother me?” Jarvis raised his eyebrows waiting for some kind of answer as Tony relaxed.
Tony doodled a fast bit of Grant shouting from the rooftops. And included his aircar traffic control designs and the different gauges on the cars and information you’d need to fly safely. He also doodled Grant getting a lift from Tony in a jetpack.
I did not stop shaking for a long time after I got home. Sometimes, it is scary being as small as I am. Louts love to think that they have some right to me, just because I am not as big and muscled as they are. Sometimes I have nightmares about it – what if …
You know how you have trouble with your dad? How he made you feel and that sort of thing? I, uh, do not have any good memories of my father. I was born not long after he left for war, so I never got to meet him before. Ma always said the war changed him - that it made him sick. All I know is that the man who came home was a wild drunk who would take his temper out on anyone at the drop of a hat. All my memories of him were tiptoeing around, trying to escape his notice. Hiding under the mattress in my room when he started screaming at my ma. The bruises and welts from when he would catch me.
At least I am reassured by the fact you like it. Franklin and his family mean the world to me. Part of me hopes one day you could meet them, though I think you and Franklin spending time together might give me gray hairs. You are both absolute menaces.
March 3 1942
"Appletini, Cosmo, whiskey sour," Tony listed off. This is one of the parts he didn't mind that much about Ty’s group: They didn't overemphasize that he was Tony Stark.  Mind you this wasn’t his scene; this was Ty’s reservation. No one knew he was here.
The basic premise of the movie was one Steve was familiar with: A woman was murdered, and her killer escaped. Years later, a married couple moved into the house and weird things began to happen. But it was far more sinister than he had ever expected. In the opening scenes of the film, barely on the heels of the credits, the old woman was strangled to death while staring right at the audience. A couple seats down from Steve, a woman actually fainted at the sight of such shocking violence.
“Yeah. Definitely. It needs somewhere safe. Somewhere it will be seen. I just need time to arrange it. And I don’t think the Carlyle does know. They’d either charge a lot more or be open more to let the people under 21 see the place like a restaurant or something,” Tony smiled as he moved to keep pace with Serena.
The man glanced over at the omega. “Hunting isn’t a bad idea,” he murmured. “Depending on if there is game or not. A lot of villages use hunting to make up for shortages.”
It runs in the family. I was taking things apart and putting them back together since I was four. It’s also something that keeps me calm. I like seeing how things work, I like knowing how they work. The last time I had talked to my dad, he’d been yelling at me because I accidentally broke a couple things because the vibrations from what I was fiddling with were knocking things off the shelf. My parents died in their vehicle that night while I was at home with Jarvis cleaning up the mess. The last thing my dad told me was ‘The only thing you’re good for is breaking things.’
hard into the night. “How’d you go from the posh of Malibu to being a spy on the front lines?”
And stay safe. I trust you to take care of yourself, but I do not trust Obie as far as I can spit.
Tell me something good? Something nobody would expect about you. I want to know the dark and the light of you, Eddie.
And speaking of honest, I was not joshing you when I said I wanted to hear about your friends. They are important to you, and that means I need to know about them to understand you better. Plus, I know how important it is to have good friends when you do not have any family left. Ma died in ’36, and I am still trying to learn how to live without her here. Franklin and his family … Well. They helped keep me together. I also have another friend who is like you and me. Pendragon. He is a real smart fella and real popular at the local clubs. I have been out with him a couple of times, but I always get so shy. Never seem to know what to do when a handsome guy starts chatting me up. Probably does not help that Franklin always goes with me – says I need protecting – and a lot of people think him and I are a couple. Which, admittedly, when I was younger I wished we were. I was real sweet on him, because he is just my type: brunet, strong, smart, and mischievous. Helps he is a real charmer; the kind of guy people just gravitate towards to bask a little longer in the splash of his light. But poor me, he is so wild about dames I fully expect a shotgun wedding will be in his future. I have seen him going around town with three different gals in the same week. Honestly, I dunno how he has the energy for that many girlfriends.
Glancing up at Tony, the blond arched his eyebrow. “You got that?”
Arnie then retreated behind his board as Michael settled in one of the kitchen chairs. The teacher hummed lightly even as he worked on a bit of whittling he had brought with him. As the warmth of the sunlight bled into Steve’s skin, he began to doze. By the time Arnie shook him awake, the sun had slipped far enough into the sky that the room had grown dim. Steve barely smothered a yawn before sitting up. “Sorry, I didn’t mean to fall asleep.”
Edward,
“It is a pleasure to meet you both. Arnie has told me a great deal about your talents, Steve. I hope we are able to speak further, and perhaps sometime you would be willing to bring a sampling of your work for us to view?”
Which meant boredom.
Why didn’t you tell me you were an artist too? The way you rendered that watch is one of the most beautiful things I think I have ever seen. Your eye for line and movement … I barely know what to say. You have made something so mundane into something beautiful. I hope you do not mind, but I have hung it on the wall next to my bed so I can see it first thing when I wake up in the morning. I have the feeling we could sit side-by-side for hours, just you designing and me sketching. I think I would enjoy that very much.
And thus began the strangest night of Steve’s life. He talked art with Auden, listened to Carson talk about her struggles as a sickly author, and even offered to bring sketches past so George Oliver, editor of
“You don’t know?” Tony chuckled, letting himself linger looking at Steve’s face. “Your eyes couldn’t be different. Your cheekbones couldn’t have changed, I like your nose. And I don’t think any science could change the shape of your mouth, though I guess they could have made your jaw bigger?” Tony raised an eyebrow in challenge. “I think you’d have caught my eye even a head shorter.”
It really wasn’t a false memory or a dream.
I’d love to visit you like that. All of it. Making a day of it. Meeting the people near and dear to you. Eating damn good food, and yes carting you off to myself for a while to chat. I’m going to hold that dream to myself for a long while.  I want to talk to you - want it with my whole soul - but the fact Obie is a threat is not something I want near any of you.
Happy Holidays
“How am I to improve on it from the ocean, your highness?” Tony asked watching her hold the pose.
Grant, religion is a mess. People are always going to make bullshit out of translations. They are going to make bullshit about the testament and everything. It’s the most corrupt bunch of people in the world that are looking to make sure people higher up aren’t encouraged to look after the ones they should properly. Anyway.
And just how was he going to thank Pendragon?
Adjusting his sketchpad on his lap, Steve quickly began to capture the bird on the page. He played a bit with the shape and scale of the image: making the chain longer so it could curl aesthetically around the bird, and he changed the engravings on the watch to better mimic what he knew of Edward’s aesthetic. And if he snuck his own initials into the drawing, well… who was going to tell? He then playfully wrote “is this you?” along the bottom of the page, mimicking the series of comics Edward had created in his attempts to figure out what Steve looked like. If nothing else, the drawing was a good start for a gift, especially as it was a combination of a special place and one of their inside jokes.
I hope you write me back. Just address the letter to R46S on the envelope, and it should reach me within a day or two.
What was supposed to be a nice relaxing evening of writing Grant turned into a rabbit hole of learning about the February House. Tony read about the absolutely stunning Gypsy Lee Rose and figured out with Friday where he would know the names. Tony had a moment while reading “Funeral Blues” where he choked back some emotions. He’d heard it before, but it was still a heavy thing. After he gathered himself back up, Tony leaned back against his seat in thought. He would wait. Find out if Grant got the job with
“Yeah, from your secret club.” Bucky narrowed his eyes at Steve. “But I ain’t givin’ it to you until you get scrubbed up and eat somethin’. I’d be willing to bet Becca’s new shoes you have barely eaten so much as a crust’a bread since the last time I was around. I didn’t know you could get any skinnier, Stevie, but somehow you’ve done it.”
I have to leave town sometimes for work. I visit different factories or manufacturers in other parts of the country.  What I am thinking of doing is getting a friend to send a couple letters while I am away. Maybe you can tell me about your week. Also when your birthday is!
Steve wanted that. Wanted to see that. It was a desperate ache, one that seemed woven into the very marrow of his ribcage and tied into the strings of his heart. The love that he promised would never be brought to life threatened to spill out of him; had already spilled out of him in each of the drawings. This drawing, though, had that intimacy that Steve longed to share with the genius; the sort of vulnerability and reverence that could only come from the deepest of loves. And it was unfair, the blond knew, to want such things. He had been the one to draw a boundary, thick and unrelenting, between them after the incident with Ty. To want more almost seemed cruel, as though he were not man enough to uphold the boundary.
Eddie,
You make me want to survive, though. Having friends like you and like Franklin and Pendragon… it keeps me anchored. Keeps me going a little better than I do on my own. I am grateful for that.
So I am continuing to write now I am home finally. No bruises on Obie, though, as much as I wish there were. I am trying to keep from stupid shit. Basically trying not to poke the hibernating bear. Got anything you want me to design? Or should I just do some doodles of Lord Kitt and Sir Grant in different suits of armour?
“No, you won’t,” Rhodey said firmly.
, another Steve pick that got him in trouble. It featured one of the up-and-coming leading men of Hollywood, Humphry Bogart, playing a gambler who got caught up in trying to dismantle a Nazi conspiracy. The mention of Dachau made Bucky particularly grim for the rest of the day; word about the concentration camps had caused a terrible ripple of fear throughout their neighbourhood. Some Jewish families had even stopped going to the synagogue, just in case antisemitism began to boil over in the country once again.
“Stevie, you still alive?” he called. A shadow in the other room moved, which seemed to indicate that someone was still kicking. And that was good enough for Bucky at that moment. “Jeeze, punk, I don’t think your place could be more of’a mess if you tried. If my ma saw this place she might fall over straight dead.” After setting the pot down on the floor, he began to stack the dishes and clear a spot for the bread on the table. “Ma sent you some more food. She’s worried you’ll waste away to nothin’ if she don’t.” Once the table was clear enough, he moved the pot up off the floor, not bothering to find a trivet since the wood surface was stained with all kinds of things.
George asked me to bring some of my art past his office. I might get to do some work for Harper’s Bazaar! Can you believe that? My art, in full color, in something like that. He said if my stuff is good enough, he might be able to get me in with some other places. I almost could have kissed Pendragon for introducing me to these people.
“I’m meeting a friend of mine who might be more to your taste there. She shares that same opinion,” Tony answered with a grin bringing up his folder of pics of the models and bringing up one of his favourite pictures of Demi. He showed the photo he took at the Beverly Hills hotel while Demi was getting a pedicure and reading a book on Aunt Peggy. “I ask because that is where the third mural of Steve’s is. Also because I’m probably going to want food and a drink after this”
“You too, Tony,”  Pepper demurred before hanging up. Tony set the painting beside the mailbox and then finally saw fit to read Grant’s letter. Tony burst out with a laugh within moments and uncapped one of his ballpoint pens.
And I thought Trina was going to die when she fell. Hit her head and die because that is the nature of my paranoia sometimes. It sounded super unsafe. Also Applejack was like a sweet heavier set Jarvis.
What if we were to see a movie at the end of this month? There’s a Hitchcock movie that is a little different coming out with Carole Lombard. And she is looking forward to it. It sounds like fun. A lot of fun. I think it’s called Mr. and Mrs. Smith. What do you say?
Eddie,
Grant.
Indeed it has, foul knight! Now from the jaws of thine defeat, I wish for you to draw out something most unique. Hope. For your craft has brought joy to many of the friends that passed through my halls. My own adoptive father has remarked upon the skill and loving attention of both the family and the menorah. The composition of thy craftsmanship has led to him standing before it and looking upon it for many a minute at a time. May your exile lead you to somewhere new where you can hone thy craft. The wilderness is an inspiration for many a wanderer and painter. I hope you come out of your woes victorious, former black knight.
“Guess it’s my turn,” Rhodey griped. “No laughing at the wrapping paper, you hooligan. Or else I’m taking my gift back.”
"You sure you're okay with the couch?" Demi asked from the bed.
I do my best to stay as positive as I can. But the very air seems changed ever since December. With the rationing starting and the draft and everything, people are scared. It is not even a specific fear - like when I get sick and am scared it will finally kill me - but instead a broad, nameless anxiety. It feels like everyone is choking on it, just trying to get a breath of fresh air somewhere in the chaos of it all. At least if it were something specific or concrete, people would know how to fight back. That is what we New Yorkers do best, after all. But since it is so difficult to pin down, everyone is just… angry and anxious. Been hearing a lot more screaming matches in the tenement. Seen more fights. Gotten in more fights.
Franklin would think it is a hoot and a half that you think my honesty is refreshing. I think he curses it a blue streak at least once a week if not more. Says my mouth gets me into more trouble than I have any right to. But, honestly, it is not my fault that bigger men do not bother to take a stand for what is right. Just means a little guy like me has to do it for them. Of course, that did lead to me getting my knuckles scraped up real bad last week. But they have healed over real good; my ma taught me all about how to dress a wound so it should not scar over or anything. But maybe a suit of armor or a shield would be a good idea. Might actually give me a shot at winning against those big fellas.
Also here are your flying car roadmaps. I had to figure buildings get bigger and taller sunshine.
Is your taste in books more cheerful than your taste in movies? I don’t mean anything bad by that; just we are not having luck with movies so far. I might have mixed up movies because there was something with spies that I thought was a thing. Might have just been a script.
“Well, I think we can make sure you stay warm,” George all but purred. “Can’t have you freezing while you’re a guest under our roof.”
And thank you again for the book. Franklin and I have been practicing from it when we can. I even managed to knock Franklin on his back the other day. It felt amazing. Though, it has not helped my luck in fights with bigger fellas. The day Pendragon drew me, I had a split lip and banged up knuckles from a guy who was flipping girls’ skirts. Next time I will be better prepared.
Sounds perfect.
Please heed the updated tags. Consider this the general Ty Is A Dick warning.
When the cab pulled up to the curb, Tony passed off an obscenely large bill before slipping out of the vehicle. Serena followed closely behind, but she stopped at the mouth of the alley. “If you go down there and around the corner to the left, you should see it.” The woman checked her phone for the time. “I’ll check on you in … fifteen minutes?”
For Steve, his love bled into the way he pushed through every illness that came his way with a stubborn optimism that almost made Bucky laugh. He was more determined than ever to live because he had something to hope for - something to live for. It also reflected in the way Steve went on more adventures, just to be able to write to his boyfriend about them. Not to mention the countless sketches the blond sent along with the letters in an attempt to help Eddie feel that much closer to what was being described. He even would send along with occasional attempts at copper artwork, which were often dubious at best. (Steve enjoyed it immensely even if he was not the greatest at it.) To make up for the haphazard attempts, he would also mail the brunet copies of posters and mural sketches he did for the Public Works of Art Project. Steve’s personal favourite was one of Becca, who was dressed in the denim overalls and red scarf she wore when going to work as a riveter. On the poster she flexed and stared boldly at the viewer, showing off her strength, even as the words “we can do it” stood stark at the top of the page.
"Yeah me too, sorry about the double booking on your promotion day. Obie was insistent the deal had to be that day. I'll figure out how to make up for that honeybear. Kick ass!" Tony sent back quickly. He pocketed his phone and helped roll up the mats before Maria went home.
And yes, my jaw is quite strong. Franklin tells me that you could crack rocks on my jawline, which I think is a bit of an exaggeration. You are not actually too far off, but I do like to give you a hard time. More fun that way.
Dear Edward,
Tony lit up a little like a Christmas tree for a moment. Like that was a secret he didn’t know at all. “That is amazing, I won’t tell. And I wish I could say I never got caught but well, the times I have been caught, left a mark. Especially when my dad was drunk. Which would lead to me building stuff and tinkering with things which is part of how I got so good at tinkering and electronics.”
You with a time machine sure would be dangerous. I can only imagine you jumping from century to century, just chasing that next discovery. Somehow I bet your mind gets you into a lot of mischief, especially with your imagination. You bored must be an absolute nightmare. What do your friends do to keep that wicked intellect of yours occupied?
So, Steve dolled up as best he could. He carefully parted his hair and dressed in a thick sweater instead of his usual button-down shirt. Then came the brightly colored scarf, his thickest jacket, and the fine pair of mittens. By the time he stepped out onto the landing, Bucky was already waiting for him. “I hope this is better than the last time we went out with Arnie,” he drawled.
Once he (and a very belated Rhodey) finished breakfast, the billionaire drifted back down to his lab. From there Tony let the time drift: designing and studying and tinkering. Until, of all things, he noticed the flag was up on his mailbox. The mailbox inside a lab that shouldn’t have anyone touching it. Approaching it, he carefully opened the top and peered down into it. Inside was an envelope. The paper was strange - thicker and with more obvious pulp in it than Tony was used to seeing. Using a pair of tongs, he pulled the object free and slid it into a sterile bag. He carried it over to one of his work tables and ran a cotton swab over the surface of the paper. Once finished, he closed the bag and dropped the swab in a tube. He slid the tube into one of his many machines and began to punch in the codes needed to run tests on the gathered fibres. “Alright Friday, can you tell me just what is going on here?”
When George went to show me to my room, he decided to try to put the moves on me. I told him I had a fella, and he did not much like that. I got him to leave me alone, but Lee leant me her slicker so I could go home. She said you sound like a charmer. Wants to meet you the next time you come into town. I told her I could not promise anything, though. But I do think you would get along. You kind of remind me of each other, in some ways. In good ways.
(See the end of the chapter for
That family friend, I think without meaning to, left my grandfather lacking in being a good parent to my dad. I think he kept seeing the friend as some unattainable person to find. Some proof he did something good. Didn't leave much time for him to be a father. So my dad never learned.
They made stricter litter laws since pedestrians kept getting hit by junk. And yes that is Stark industries. The building was not my idea, I think it looks weird against the skyline.
"How has the training with Maria been going?" Was what Rhodey had texted him while he was changing for the training. Then Tony grinned mischievously as he grabbed pictures of the times Maria had knocked him on his ass.
If you want something to design, how about a way to keep bath water warm? It seems like the water always gets cold before I have a chance to get real clean. Or maybe something to make the air cleaner. Seems like I cannot walk through the city without choking a little on all the smoke. Though, if you want something more nonsensical, how about a way for a person to fly without being in a plane? A jetpack maybe. Franklin would be in awe of you if you managed that one.
