“It is not!”
“Why wouldn’t they?”
“I know it was you.”
He’s been back in the apartment three weeks when he asks Sharon out.
“I know, breathe, just breathe Tony.” she told him calmly, placing the pills in her hand into his which he swallowed immediately, taking deep, ragged breaths.
“Do you wish you could go back?” The words come out before he can stop them, he regrets it the minute Steve’s eyes look away from his.
“So he’s at your beck and call?” Definitely dangerous territory, Tony did not look impressed at all that Clint seemed to be talking to Steve and getting him to do favors. Once this was over maybe Clint could get Tony to stay here and send in Steve.
......
Of course, this didn’t really surprise anyone. His loud booming voice, giant hammer and strange Asgardian ways weren’t exactly child friendly. The man couldn’t understand why the small boy cried whenever he entered the room.
Natasha had made it very clear she wasn’t wearing one, Clint had decided he would have to use it for at leas a day. Tony had just snorted. Thor and Steve took them everywhere- the shops, the movies, dinner, for runs, Thor even wore his on a date with Jane who just looked at him for ten minutes before sighing and sitting down.
“How do you get through it?”
“Same thing.” The toaster pops out two strawberry pop tarts. “Besides, these are all that’s left and seeing as I saved the day
- Two pints of Russo-Baltique
“Hill is not going to be happy that you ruined her bags again.” Steve jumps slightly at the sound of Clint’s voice and turns to look at him with a sad expression.
“Are you crying?” Clint asked amused, Natasha shot him a deathly glare and quickly wiped her eyes.
“Any idea how many are left?” He asks, watching as they increase rather than decrease in size.
“Shawarma.” Steve agrees.
He does take Steve to the gala, but he also invites the rest of the avengers so it doesn’t count as a date. Not that it would have been a date anyway because Tony is not going there. Steve is precious and kind and probably not even gay so there’s not point worrying about it.
“We?”
“So he doesn’t know that you’re using him to play on Coulson’s Captain America obsession to get things?”
“Please.”
“Hi dar- oh! Oh dear what did you do?” Steve shrugged and let his mum sit him on a chair so she could inspect his scrapes and bruises.
Once he picks up the phone Tony gave him, dials his number and listens to the pattern of rings and silences, certain no one will be pick up.
“When don’t we.”
“Nope.” He said as casually as he could, drinking his orange juice.
“Tony? Can you hear me?”
He takes another steadying breath, wondering if Tony managed to blow up the source of the bots without injuring himself, time seems to pass too slowly. Steve tries to count to thirty, feeling like an hour has passed when it’s been less that fifteen seconds. He takes off his cowl, runs his hands through his hair, crouched low to the floor, still feeling the roof of his foam cage on his head. Steve reaches his arm out, his fingers, which had before only just been able to brush the wall now pressed against it. Dread twists in his gut, we was going to be crushed to death by foam, slowly feeling it squeeze the life out of him.
“I thought they were Thor’s pop tarts?”
“I found the source team. Going in.”
Other nights he closes his eyes and thinks of Tony. Pictures his smile, the way his eyes crinkle when Steve tells a bad joke, the delectable sight of Tony when he comes up from the lab too early for anyone else to be awake, his hair crazy and eyes alive with a fire that makes Steve’s heart stop.  He feels their lips moving together and lets his hand drift to his hard cock before snapping back into reality.
“Well I don’t know about you guys but I think exterminators has a much be-“
“Do you think everything will be ok?” Bruce laughs.
“There’s still so much I want to tell you.”
All signed off by Agent Phil Coulson
He was packed thirty minutes later and when he walks past to kitchen where Tony is picking at a sandwich, he keeps his eyes firmly ahead of him, refusing to see if Tony was watching him leave
“Does Steve know that you’re using him like that?”
“You can’t think of anything?” Clint actually didn’t even know how she knew! His bets were on Tony though.
“Harry’s coming over tomorrow.”
Peter had though. He had cried and let go of the handlebars, dropping his weight onto the cold mat and sobbed as Steve held him, rocking him, whispering soothing nothings. Steve had always been that parent. The one that knew what to do, that would heal a cut knee, sprained ankle, find a lost toy and fix the tears.
But was he really meant to not tell her that her jeans seemed a little too tight? That's what a good boyfriend did right- tell his girlfriend when she had put on a little bit of weight? Apparently not because she refused to speak to him or sleep in the same room as him and really he was running out of options. So he found Steve on the roof watering a small arrangement of petunias.
"Yeah oh, and this is the only time you can ever buy me back with gifts." Clint chuckled as she leaned forward and pressed her lips to his.
It caused his breaths to become laboured, his throat to close and his arc reactor to sting painfully in his chest.
“Nothing at all?” Tony pressed and Clint just shook his head.
“About before…the talk we were having.”
“Hey ma.”
In the end, Pepper and Natasha do the paperwork.
’I’m sorry I made you go to that party’
“I’m registering that. I’ve always hated these. Jarvis used to have to bribe me to go and behave with model rockets and jelly beans.” A smile breaks out across Steve’s face at that.
When Clint was coming out of the practice room after a team session Tony had stopped him, grabbed him by the elbow and locked them into a cupboard. Clint found it slightly ironic that he finally had Tony locked in a cupboard- just with himself instead of Captain America. Tony stared at him calculatingly, arms crossed and foot tapping. He was still in the armor, which was far more intimidating than he really wanted to admit.
“I have my suspicions.”
“Shawarma?” Tony asks, “I’m starving.”
"No."
“Hey!” he tries, loud but ultimately useless as he screams into an empty void, the foam silencing him.
“I don’t think there’s something wrong with you.”
But No.
“Who is it?” He thought about telling her, weighed the pros and cons of her knowing and then deciding that she really didn’t need the details, especially when nothing was going to happen anyway. Tony was just waiting this one out, desperate for the next new shiny thing to come along so he could stop getting erections whenever Steve licked a crumb from the corner of his mouth.
“JARVIS record this!” Clint had whispered in excitement, not wanting to distract Peter as he tried to rise to his feet with determination on his face. Clint had watched excitedly as, very slowly, the young boy had stood on his small feet, wobbling like crazy but wearing a large wide smile as he did so.
“Mind if I join you?” Tony is standing in the exit, walking towards him, three steps away, again so close but so far.
“Why…my…pop… I feel my legs” he breathed. Tony choked, Steve shut his eyes and Clint’s broken sob was all Peter heard before he too started to cry.
Bills
"I'm assuming you're not here for a social visit." Clint nods as he chews on a black jellybean- that was definitely a bad choice on his behalf. Coulson sits there patiently, one eyebrow raised as Clint struggles to finish the black jellybean and wonders if he can casually spit it out. Probably not, Coulson didn't miss much.
Maybe they’re not the two best people to love, both broken and frightened and uncertain, living with a future filled with science experiments gone wrong and crazy alien Gods. They hold each other tighter, feeling their hearts beat in their chests, breathing in one another’s scents, pressing their lips together.
“You mean to tell me that no one else carries around poochy?”
“I hope it’s recorded.” Nat adds, grinning wickedly, she reaches out a hand and helps him up, dusting his shoulders. The touch is familiar, comforting, god he had missed this, missed them.
“I…I’m…” He stuttered, shocked, scared and somewhat proud. Tony smiled widely, tears falling as he walked over to Peter and hugged him tightly.
“This is everyone’s home.” Tony says firmly and Steve walks over, wrapping his arms around his waist and leaning his chin on his forehead.
“No. He is. He yelled at me the other day.”
“Iron Man wait for back up.” Steve grunts, looking up to see if he can spot Tony in the sky.
“Shhhhhh Petey, papa’s here.” Steve whispers over and over in the same tone reserved for Peter’s worse nightmares. Peter buries himself into Steve’s chest, smells him, feels him, and remembers what it’s like to be a small boy afraid of the dark. Steve doesn’t let Peter go, even when he stops crying which Peter is grateful for, because he needs this.
Steve first fell in love when he was nine years old, with Tommy Winkle.
“Hulk keep puppy.” Tony affirmed, hulk gave a whooping jump. The dog in his hand stirred, looked around, then settled back to sleep.
Thor insisted he could fly, but ever since the incident with the needle on the Empire State Building, the team – minus Steve – had made a semi-collective decision that flying was for battles only.
“No you shall grow Peter. Much like your father the captain did. You shall grow tall and strong and powerful and play football far better than all the other boys.”
“Should I be?”  Tony shrugged in response. Some sort of reaction to Tony’s newfound sexuality would have been appreciated. “Do you know what made me decide to break up with you?”
“He’s not broken Tony.”
He finally lets his eyes settle on Tony’s face and immediately regrets the decision, there is no shock, embarrassment, or even hatred in them, Tony is smiling back at them with a face Steve sees plastered all over the media. A face that doesn’t belong to Steve’s Tony,
"Maybe we should throw her a party or something?"
If Tony’s being honest, which he rarely is, Jane isn’t the only reason he agrees to take Thor. When they get to S.H.E.I.L.D Thor and Jane run off to her lab to reunite and any ruse of science talk that Tony had been holding onto is gone. He wanders down the halls, coming to a stop outside the gym where he can hear the all too familiar sound of Steve’s grunts. Tony pushes the door open just a little, peaking through the crack, watching the muscles ripple through Steve’s body as he slams his unprotected fists into a punching bag. With a heavy grunt the bag snaps off of its chain and flies into the wall, splitting open.
Which had only happened twice.
“I’m fine Tony, I’ve been sleeping.”
“Yeah.” he replied before forcing through a yawn.
The first time that Peter walked Clint was babysitting.
“I’m good with water.”
Apologies where hard to ignore when Harry was in the room.
saved your life I’d say I deserve them.” Steve walks further in, leans on the counter next to Tony and eyes the two pop tarts.
"Absolutely not. No." Clint really does try to stop himself from pouting.
” Steve swallows uncomfortably around the word, Tony leans in just the slightest, hear radiates off of Steve’s skin.
“Like Frost Giant war!” Thor said happily and Peter shook his own head against Thor’s neck.
Everything really fell into place on it’s own. Clint made his way through S.H.I.E.L.D headquarters and was about to knock on Phil’s door when he noticed the slight crack. Peering in he had stifled his half gasp half laugh as he saw Phil Coulson standing on his desk with a stapler on one hand and a make-shift cardboard S.H.I.E.L.D in the other, dressed as Captain America.
“Experiencing a minor reboot here folks. Nothing I can do but hold tight.” He thinks the sarcasm is valid given the fact he’s being spun around by a manic headless bug climbing up a fifty floor building.
“Language.” Tony’s voice came over the coms.
In Spain Clint had used four acidic arrows. They were prototypes by some mad scientist and he had immediately fallen in love. They disintegrated the target within minutes of hitting it. Leaking the acid into the body so they would fade away. Each one was black with a metallic green tip, sleek to grip, precise when shot and faster than anything he had ever used- except for a sniper of course. So naturally when he had come home from the mission he had immediately filled in the paper work he would need to request some.
“You can tell me anything Steve.” Tony let’s Steve step closer again, peering down at him with unasked questions.
‘I’m sorry that I distracted you’
Which he didn’t because that was Tony’s fault.
“Should we get more wine?” She asks after they finish the first bottle, her cheeks are flushed pink and Steve wonders if it even matters. There’s not enough wine in this place to get him drunk, and even if there was he wasn’t getting into bed with her. He scolded himself at the thought.
“Everyday”
“Barton just shut up.” Tony hissed and Clint sighed falling back into his chair. If Coulson had of just said yes to those arrows than none of this would be happening and everything would be fine. Pulling out his phone Clint googled ‘How to Make a blog’ because if he was taking the blame for this than the world was going to know that the sewerage incident was Tony’s fault. He was going to get bands and posters and rallies and cool fun slogans and T-Shirts for everyone to wear so the world would know that Tony Stark was the one who caused the big sewer mishap of 2014.
“I see…excuse me.” Peter breathes before wheeling himself to his room, fighting tears the entire time and ignoring the loud music coming from his dad’s workshop. Peter wheels past his room, down the hall, past the bathroom, past the computer lab and finally to a large metal door of the gym. Inside he can hear his pop working hard, breaking things, grunting, and the split of each punching bag as he goes. Knocking Peter hears his pop give a short sigh, mutter a few curse words of the 40’s and then open the door.
"You can't get it here. It has to be ordered from over seas but I'm not allowed to go to Russia, let alone order anything from there."
“I told you the tales of body snatchers!” Thor thunders before literally summoning a loud crack followed by a strike of lightening. Steve isn’t blind to the fact that Tony has gone quiet.
"Bye."
Tony isn’t one to frequent the halls of S.H.E.L.D, but Thor had wanted to see Jane and Tony wanted to see Jane because aside from Bruce she was his favourite person to talk science with, so he agreed to drive them both there.
Three times if you included the sewerage incident.
“I think I love you too.” Tony says once their laughter has died down, their faces so close his lips brush Steve’s when he says it. Steve kisses him in response, deep and slow.
“He’d like that.” Steve agrees and then they just stand there, because neither of them are really sure what to do next.
It’s a curse from a childhood of high expectations and neglect.
“Like I’m not worth anything?”
“Is that a yes big guy?”
He Talked to Peter, watched movies with him, they worked together in Tony’s workshop, joked around and yet Tony couldn’t do it. He couldn’t help Peter do his stretches, he couldn’t lift him off the floor, help him get dressed…just help.
- Twelve dozen Acidic arrows
“Cwint!” Peter had squealed in excitement, waving his fists with a toothy grin and then taken one small shuffled step towards Clint, then another, then another and then one more just to be safe. Clint stood gobsmacked, his mouth had dropped, his eyes widened and he let out a loud yell. Peter giggled and this time fully lifted his foot from the floor.
The paperwork for crying out loud!
They fall asleep in the gym, Steve resting against the doorframe, holding Peter, soothing him with gentle whispers, stroking his forehead, rocking him back and forth like a child with a stomach ache. Both ignore the music blasting from the stereo and what it means, instead they pretend it’s the past, that Tony is fixing the iron man suit and both are waiting for him to come and jump on top of them, covered in grease and oil.
“How romantic. Very sappy.”
“No one and nothing in particular,” Tony blushes, “spur of the moment.”
“You should’ve seen your face when I did it.”
“Mhmm.”
“You did when I gave you an oral lesson. As a matter of fact, you asked for it and didn’t even let me finish.”
! or a combination or variant of the two that Tony could only pronounce. Every other time it was incoherent or just a tune Steve liked to hear coming from Tony.
“Definitely…Now, what was I doing?”
“What’s the matter? I’m not going too fast, am I? We can–”
“Oh, you know, nothing extreme.”
“Do it. Fuck me.”
“Okay fine. Fine, I’ll be g–
“Already, Beefcake?” Tony teases, not really surprised at how fast Steve could get it up. With the amount of time they’ve used for secret school sexting, it doesn’t take long for Steve to break character from his dominant persona into what Tony likes to describe as
“You’re perfect, Anthony.”
“I just want to feel you before you make whatever remnants of functionality I have left turn to mush.”
“In the closet.”
“Keep telling yourself that, babe. You love this ass.”
, Tony would think to himself,
“Amazing, Beefy.”
“Can you put the syrup on top of the whipped cream? I like those little topographical cream mountains you make.”
“Hey look, it’s Mr. Stark!” One student, Wendy, blurts out and the room goes quiet for a sudden moment.
“Talk to me, Love. What’s the matter?”
Tony grabs onto Steve’s arms as his lean figure are pulled into the multitude of clothed abs and pecs, the arms that could hold for hours on end and long legs that could amaze even the straightest of men.
“Sure do. No regrets.”
“Eat? You had a whole juice cocktail!”
“Fine, you win. In all seriousness, though, what’s Dr. Stark’s suggestion for tonight?”
“I’m as equally confused as you, Tony,” Steve blushes.
Please leave a comment if you choose, they will really help and encourage me!
Steve rubs his thumbs around Tony’s nipples, little moans spouting in release.
“That is so corny. Don’t ever say ‘cocky’ in that context again,” Steve laughs, squeezing the hand holding Tony’s.
“Mr. Barton.”
“Great.”
Tony strides towards the light switch and swats at the plastic nub with his pointer finger as the room darkens.
All he knew right now was how glorious Steve looked on the bed against the headboard, looking down at Tony, who’s making his cock disappear and reappear with his mouth
“Mmm…what’s that…mean again…Rogers?” Tony manages to inquire in between their tonguing tango. Steve had managed to tuck his hands under Tony’s shirt, fanning his fingers over the soft but taught and smooth skin of the man above him.
He marks Tony everywhere he can with whatever method: soft kisses on his pecs, fingers teasing his nipples, bites on his shoulders. He makes sure to hit every erogenous spot he could at the moment.
“Yes, Honey?”
“Deal.”
“Still cocky.”
Is chipotle ranch technically white? Does off-white count as white?
“Yeah…I was curious. I fell into a rabbit hole from there.”
“Do you want this, Anthony?” Steve asks, waiting for Tony’s consent.
“You’re right, it
“Okay. Can I get the rest of my stuff and bring it over?”
“Definitely.”
“Don’t be a tease, babe.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Don’t I get a special sticker or something for all my hard work?”
Steve had tilted Tony’s chin to kiss him. He was horny and in love and just wanted to treat Tony to a much needed attitude adjustment. A nice weekend dicking and Tony would come crawling back for an encore, doing everything to get more until he decided to give up.
“What in the world…let me see your worksheet, kid.”
“I’m out of here.”
Not that it mattered so much, though. Everyone, staff and students alike, knew Dr. Stark, the honors and advanced math teacher (who should technically be teaching at a college), and Mr. Rogers–Stark, the Beefy Blue-Eyed Blondie who teaches the Spanish language, are a thing. They are so much of a thing, that many students, all ranging from freshman to seniors (seniors not so much, but still) wish they weren’t wearing wedding rings, or even remotely close to dating each other, at the very least.
“I’ll pass.”
“No problem, Alonzo. Do you think you can do these on your own, or do you need to wrack my brain again?”
However, I do have to say thank you (again) to all of you who have subscribed to this content and/or have this content bookmarked.
Now temporarily alone, Tony peels the rest of his clothes off, save for his socks. Not only for circulation of blood flow, Tony’s feet are his most non-sexual erogenous zones. Keeping his socks on is also for added pleasure when Steve fondles with his feet.
“Come here.”
“I know so.”
Steve likes to think of his husband as
“I do like being spoiled with lunch offers from my undeniably nymphomaniacal seductive husband. Should I ask for a little more since he’s making me his porn star?”
The halls are usually physically vacant in terms of bodies, except for the occasional occurrence of someone exiting a classroom, needing a bathroom break or grabbing a few copies of papers from the printer.
“I’m back! I have a calculator too.”
“Good, because I made coffee, it should be ready by the time we get out.
“That makes sense. No one’s ever explained it like that before. Thank you, Dr. Stark.”
“Karma sure is a bad bitch, but I'll be a little more gentle,” Tony remarks before licking a stripe up Steve’s shaft. He flicks his tongue back and forth against the head, and the blond continues to respond in expletives.
socks,” Tony protests, pushing Steve off of him. Steve just rolls over and lays on his back as he laughs.
“Why are you looking at me like that?”
“What was it?”
“That’s not a thing. It’s been scientifically proven.”
“Deal. You’ve stretched enough, Stevie. It’s my turn to be stretched,” Tony remarks as he pats his own thigh, still tapping and scrolling through his phone with his other hand.
“Oh my gosh, spit it out, Steve. You’re already in between my legs. What more do you want?”
Steve. You’re a fucking tease. Lemme see it.”
“So bossy, Rare Meat.”
“That one wasn’t even on top, Tony,” Steve says in a mocking voice of complaint.
“You could’ve just asked for a live session, babe. No need to rewind and replay when you’ve got the real thing in your bed waiting for you. Plus, no phones allowed during P. T. Only emergencies.”
“Hmm, lemme think…
Tony asks, whispering the last part, raising an eyebrow at the screen before looking at Steve.
Tony practically screamed. Thick white stripes were dripping and spurting out of Tony’s length, some of it landing on his stomach, and some of it dripping onto Steve, who was now pressing in and out of him through the brunet’s orgasm as he came down from it.
“We ran out? I didn’t even notice.”
It only highlighted the fact that Tony couldn’t decide whether viewing Steve from his front or his backside was the best sight ever.
“I don’t know. Surprise me, Honey.”
“They’re very comfortable, you should try them.”
“Okay. Show me.”
“Is that a threat, Steven Stark?”
“Oh how the tables have turned.”
Karmen, Barton’s geometry student, was helping an Algebra 1 student with quadratic expressions.
The halls are frequently bright throughout school hours and beyond, always welcoming the rays of sunshine through its wide windows. They sometimes shined on some of the blue lockers that hid the doors of the classrooms and offices from a certain point of view.
“Slutty, huh?”
“I’m just checking the time, babe. Plus, I know what my own ass looks like.”
“Move your ass.”
A continuation of the events in Chapter 3
“Tony…”
I can’t…can’t…”
“Come hither, my love.”
“Which end?” Tony asks and Steve snorts, giggling soon afterwards. He looks up at Tony who casually smirks down at him.
“Aww, but Steve…there’s no point in hiding it. Even if it isn’t my favorite, I don’t want you to leave the bed.”
“Hot chocolate. We used the last of it the other night.”
Steve grabs a handful of Tony’s ass with one hand and caresses his back with the other, while Tony’s tongue is attentively exploring Steve’s coffee-stained mouth, much to both of their satisfaction.
“Yeah? What else?” Tony snickers, knowingly aware that Steve’s intended answer was overpowered by his bodily responses, slight jerking and writhing against the bed.
Some instances will not make sense, as they foreshadow scenes in future chapters.
“I don’t know if I picked the right one from the stockpile in the bathroom. We have so many. I may have to switch it out…”
“Tony,” Steve chuckles, “unless you want me to fall off the bed,
“Don't sweet-talk me. I’m trying to stay focused here.”
was the sassy one tonight.”
Alonzo’s reappearance prompts Tony to shove his phone back in his pocket.
“I’m the hopeless kind,” Steve replies before he attacks Tony’s lips with his own, nudging Tony’s legs open with his knee before marking hickeys in his neck.
The tall and wide, uncovered windows allow the moonlight to provide an ethereal shine on many parts of the bedroom walls, the floor, the bed; even Steve, who is standing on Tony’s side of the bed, slowly stroking himself in a silent but soft plea to beckon his lover over.
Steve gently sits down on the table, Tony’s thighs now spread across Steve’s lap, bending at the knees with his ankles slightly dangling off of the edge. Tony couldn’t help the light moans coming out of his mouth as his Ken kisses and lightly sucks on the skin of his neck and
“Anyway, I remember when you kept correcting her about the whole mortgage thing. You were spitting out equations and substituting numbers so effortlessly, I wanted to get up and pull you out of your chair and kiss you so hard.”
“Okay, it’s okay. I understand.”
Tony lays flat on his back, pulling Steve slightly on top of him so that they face each other. He trails his hand down the underside of Steve’s thigh, grazing his fingers up and down before hiking his leg up. Steve falls slightly back on his side at an angle, with his captured leg bent at the knee under Tony’s grasp.
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve turns around and reaches for Tony’s phone, approving the timed outcry for dismissal.
“Don’t get wet now, we’re not done here.”
Drinks and kinks...
If it's theirs...
“Yep. Now shush, I’m trying to get you to stop being a smartass for right now.”
“Aha. So, how about those polynomials, huh? What’s troubling you?”
“Ugh, fine, you win.”
“No way. You kink-shamed mine first.”
“Eat me.”
“Just a kiss. Or two, maybe ten.”
“Way to ruin a moment, Tony,” Steve chuckles.
Tony reaches up to capture Steve’s lips with his own. He takes Tony by surprise and pulls them closer, wanting to be as close as possible.
“So what? I’m protected by the First Amendment by choosing not to wear a shirt
It's simple: follow the rules or else you fail.
pull off my sock!”
Steve was nestled on the couch with Tony, spending their Friday evening with takeout and conversations about anything and everything. It was their opportunity to make up for any potentially lost time through their week. More of a ritual, according to Tony, because even though routines are repetitive and calculated, rituals carry more passion within an individual’s actions and provide a little bit more leniencies when it comes to a partner being involved. Especially a romantic or sexual partner.
“You should’ve seen yours when I came.”
That wasn’t a problem for Tony, though. When their breaks overlap, one would go into the other’s room and sneak heated kisses. Or they would check to see if any of the nearby department offices were empty so they could make out there.
“It’s Rogers…hyphen…Stark…to you,” Rogers–Stark corrected, getting his tongue sucked out of his mouth in circular motions. He couldn’t help the moans escaping his own lips this time. It turned him on more that Tony was eating up his moans, knowing exactly how to get him riled up.
“Well, Alonzo, no wonder why you’re looking at me like I’ve got Fibonacci spirals for eyes. Whoever made this worksheet spelled the word wrong. I think you mean
“Let me get this straight.”
Tony stood up on the tips of his toes to kiss Steve before Steve let go to head down to the laundry room.
“You should do it more often during P. T.”
Some instances will make sense because of implications and explanations in scenes of past chapters.
The brunet closed the next door behind him, locking it and covering the small window that allowed limited visual access into the room with a laminated poster of a pumpkin and a pitcher of lemonade held with a few strips of masking tape on the edges.
“Then what
Steve scoffed.
“Look at you, the captain of modesty. You’d be a big hypocritical figure. You literally let me rub–”
Steve playfully squints at Tony, who is slowly rocking his hips back and forth on Steve’s lap. The flow is gentle enough that neither are becoming satisfied enough with the faint amount of friction between them.
Socks are sacred...
“You were a hemisphere away, with the only other copy of the key. I didn’t think anyone was going to come in and watch me masturbate in the shower. It’s pretty common.”
“Do you remember that one time when you argued with that lady at the bank a few months after we got married?”
“Not when you’re bending over the cart like that. What are we strolling down this aisle for?”
“You’ll have to find out.”
“I’m irresistible.”
Steven was more than that. Tony didn’t know how to describe it well, but he was more than what Tony would label as a soulmate or match made in heaven. He knew whatever deities there were wouldn’t allow him up there, not with the things he had planned to do with his husband if he went along with it.
“That’s payback.”
“Yeah, but it was weird for me. Seeing you like that was just, I don’t know…it felt new and unknown. I felt like I was getting lured into porn.”
Steven, as modest and pure as he was in public (except for behind bedroom windows for neighbors to see), he only saved his sexual side for Tony behind closed doors.
“Rise and shine, sweetheart!”
They may have semi-christened this specific table more than they could count on fingers and toes combined. Neither of them regret it.
“You’re very hard to please.”
Tony padded out of the living room and into their shared office. He knew Steve wasn’t going to budge in the middle of grading papers. He had papers of his own to evaluate anyway, so he might as well get started.
“Are you sure?”
“Ugh,
“You think so?”
“Can’t do that if you don’t give me your full and undivided attention,” Steve coos, laying next to Tony on the bed as he swipes Tony’s phone out of his hand.
“If anything,” Tony argues, straddling into a sitting position on Steve’s lap,
“That’s exactly what I don’t want right now. I want to save it for you.”
“We can do that.”
Tony loved everything about Steve’s dick. From the way it rested on Steve’s stomach when he laid on his back to the form it took when standing at full attention awaiting torturous pleasure.
“Of course, Beefcake,” Tony coos, standing on the tips of his toes to give the taller man’s forehead a kiss, “I gotta get back to Karmen.”
“I gave you…that name…Which…means, you’re…mine. Especially…this mouth,” Tony huffed frantically, after pulling away with a loud
No corny chapter summary this time, lo siento.
“Ah, right. For starters, you bring the sass everywhere you go. It’s mostly when you’re having an argument.”
“Don’t shift the focus on me, Tony. I’m not falling for that again.”
, according to Tony, made by Tony. It’s made with all the materials and support to make it stand out but also blend in with its surroundings. Tony had named it
’ again?”
“You like it,” Steve says softly, blushing, “me in all of my thick, beefy glory.”
“Aww c’mon. I wanna see.”
They kiss one more time before Steve proceeds to pack up for the day and head home. Tony walks back into his own classroom and puts his tablet back in the empty pocket of his bag.
“Key word,
He searches the drawers of Steve’s nightstand for the lube. When he sees there is none in sight, he checks the walk-in closet containing Steve’s smaller belongings for any hope.
“Shut it, Tony.”
thingy: holding a hand to his chest with his mouth hanging open as he stared wide-eyed back and forth at his screen and the man he was now making risky day plans with.
“Yeah, that was my mistake. I knew you were a flirt from the beginning but not a walking sex trap. I had these wild fantasies about you for days on end before I confessed.”
“Practice makes perfect,” he smirks, “plus, you've been teasing me for the longest, I’m merely waiting to give you what you want.”
And don’t forget his perfect ass.
“Tony, there are kids in here. Have some dignity,” Steve blushed, nodding his head once over to the students on the other side of the room. Tony couldn’t help but smirk,
“Well, Steve, you
“Your kisses are much, much better, Tony.”
Steve points at the flagged purchase on his charge list for Tony to see.
Despite Steve’s rather abrupt method to get Tony out of bed, he had the honors of being a lunch monitor replacement. One of the teachers who was usually on duty went home early at the end of 5th Period, which meant someone else needed to fill their position.
“I’ll just have to find another way to take these off, king of
“Rhetorical question,” Steve chuckles as he rests his own hands on top of Tony’s, feeling Tony’s wedding ring under his own right hand.
“Yes?”
“Tony, I– we don’t–”
“I’m Tony the Tongue Twister, remember?”
“Rose gold, nice pick. Does everyone call you ‘Ace’ around here?”
“What the fuck, Tony?”
Both Steve and Tony had to stay in the school building for after-school hours. The foreign language teachers had to have their meetings of planning for their test days for the end of the year. Tony was in his room waiting for a few students from his classes and others to pile in his room, either for peer help or specific topics they may be stuck on that require his attention.
to an agreement,” Steve mentions calmly. He sits up and takes their dirty plates, forks, and cups. He gives Tony a wink before heading to the kitchen sink.
“I bet you enjoyed watching me that first time, huh?”
“I’ll buy your lunch for a whole business week.”
“I'm not even taking up the whole area. You have room.”
“Oh? What could that possibly be?” Tony asks, twisting his wrist every which way around Steve as Steve tries to focus on his words.
in the time frame that Steve also has a class. If a student didn’t make the cut for the mathematician, they could always opt for the not-so-foreign tongue they would never get the chance to touch.
“Your high libido is the most inappropriate matter in this school,” Steve huffs.
“Take your clothes off, then.”
Shower shenanigans and raunchy recalls...
“What the hell, Steve? No Captain Modesty anymore? What kind of enabling, super strength Viagra did you take this morning? ”
Tony smiles to himself when he turns his head to see Steve squirm a little before facing him. The brunet cocks an eyebrow in satisfaction at his husband. The blue-eyed man squints at him, then diverts his attention to his phone, typing away at the screen.
“Mmm, Steve…oh fuck,
Come take a seat with me, we’ve got some time.”
“Diction. Complex.”
I hate it when you tease.”
“You’re exactly who I want, Tony.”
“You need Propaganda Jesus.”
Tony pulls away just to cock an eyebrow at Steve. Stev has a smirk plastered on his face.
“Just right, Goldilocks. You’re forgiven.”
Steve hides his face from Tony’s view in a fit of flustering. He knows Tony is mentally congratulating himself for a win.
“What would you like for dinner?”
“Maybe.”
“Ha,” Tony chuckles, “the axis arrow emphasizer?”
It was an opportunity for Tony to spam Steve with texts, but he knew Steve was dedicated to preparing his kids for the Spanish tests at the end of the year.
“Let me be…the talker.”
“Not sorry, babe. That thing you got going on down there is huge.”
“You’re not straight.”
“I can be whoever you want.”
“Oh yeah?”
Tony used a set of patterns consisting of a sequence of tongue movements and sucking intensities. Sometimes they were calculated and planned, other times they were random. Tony could go slow and make Steve’s knees turn into jelly, or pick up the pace and make his husband’s body involuntarily jerk in desperation for an orgasm.
“Can’t do that…when you’re trying…
“I’m pretty sure if that were us now, you would’ve shamelessly fucked me in the bathroom or the car or something if it came down to that.”
“Right in front of her.”
“No, it’s just so…”
“Steve! I was looking at something!”
“Mmm. Like how?”
“Stevie, I–”
Rare Meat the Steak Man vs. Stubborn Stark the Sex Demon
“For you, always free of charge.”
“Look at who’s the sap now.”
“My goodness you have a big dick.”
“Better not have, or else you and I would’ve had some problems. No calculator in the world could have been able to help you come to a solution.”
“I promise it’s good.”
“You like nature, and I’m a naturally occurring form of life.”
“I just want to check out the place first! Or their website, whichever is fine with you.”
“Imagining me shirtless again?” Steve teased, removing his right hand from Tony’s back to intertwine his fingers with those of Tony's left hand.
“You like that?”
“Well it’s not like you didn’t know what I was doing. You should’ve stayed in the bathroom and given me a helping hand instead of being weird for two weeks.”
“Keep talking back and you won’t get any lip service tonight.”
“Yes, Steven.”
“I guess you could say I’m a bit
“Mmm. What’d you see before you kept it a secret?”
“Fuck you, Steve.”
“Didn’t you text me something about eyes earlier today?”
“I’m a little confused with the congruent triangles thing. I understand the proportion part and how to draw them on a graph, but I get caught in the angles aspect.”
that feels nice.”
An introdution to new discoveries requires more than physical preparation.
Thanks!
“Under my pillow, Mister Impatient.”
“Now you’re stalling. Stop stalling.”
“Well, I could see you through the glass because you dismissed the shower curtain”
“Turn off the light since you’re closer to the switch.”
There was a faint gasp across the hall, almost everyone failed to hear it, save for Steve.
“Babe, you don’t even let me take your socks off if I give you a foot rub. You have a special sock kink.”
“Then you can say no to something else, like your physical desires.”
“You just said I was gross about a minute ago.”
” Steve warned through clenched teeth, giving the brunet a hard glare.
“Coffee is better than sex at this moment in time. I need my fix.”
Steve didn’t answer back, just glared some more. Tony was getting anxious, waiting for a change in reaction or a reply. He finally got one when Steve stood up, tablet in hand, and walked across the hall into his own classroom. He opened the door and glided in, turning behind him and lifting his shirt a little before closing the door.
“What’s in the closet?”
Steve had pushed the curtains back as soon as Tony’s phone was provoked with an alarm. He was sweaty and panting a bit from his run on the treadmill, but that didn’t stop him from ambushing Tony’s sleep.
“A decent amount of stuff in general, but there was one thing that caught my eye in particular.”
“No, Amor. I’m just pulling your
With the new green energy-providing solar panels Tony had previously— and successfully —planned to charm the Board of Ed members (along with Dr. Banner’s initial reluctance to aid him) with, he was able to use his results as a pointer into getting that change in room location he so desperately wanted in order to take a good look at the perfect all-American ass across the hall every chance he could get.
This isn't comepletely smut, there's a decent portion of fluff and some foreplay along with dialogue. Don't worry, there's more to come in the next few chapters.
“And when have you ever failed that mission?”
“It’s not working,” Tony lies, facing away from Steve and picking up his phone instead.
“Mhmm…”
You’d get rich off of it. Imagine how better the world will be with your…variables and assets.”
“Calm your tits, Steve. It’s not that big of a deal. I’m just a bit surprised.”
“Too good for you?”
“What, Stevie? It’s not like one of your kids is gonna bust through the door and ask you for lessons in tongues.”
“I just want you in me the old-fashioned way. Is that so bad?”
“Nothing, I’m just making your statement false.”
was neatly written on the name line at the top left of the page, and just above it was the title of the lesson. There was a typographical error in it.
Tony comes off with a faint
“Dick pics, hopefully.”
“I can’t tell if that’s supposed to be another one of your innuendos.”
“Not with my phone going off! I can’t even reach it!”
“My cum is stickier.”
“As much as I see fit. And right now it needs to fit somewhere else. Now back to my previous question:
“Hot shower and pancakes it is.”
we get out.”
“Oh I don’t know,” Steve trails, adjusting his vision back to normal, “I may have gotten that super slippery lube you really like.”
“I’m offended.”
“Did you just–“
is what I’m talking about. You say something dirty and then you seduce me with your body language and I can’t help it when it arouses me because then I just want to fuck you right here and now.”
In place of the vacancy, the halls would be filled with noises: teachers making sure the students in the backs of their classrooms could hear them; the audio levels of videos loud enough to produce a faint echo in the staircase area; and the quiet
“Mmm, excellent. I’d like a lesson on annunciation versus pronunciation, please, Doctor.”
“No, not that. My sock. It’s kinda sliding off my shin and it’s messing with my
“You married my ass.”
“Aww, Tony. I’ll get it for you.”
“Yes I’m the math teacher, but not Mr. Stark. I'm the other one, Dr. Stark. Mr. Stark teaches español. I’m assuming you need some help?”
“Steve, one more minute. My– ew! You’re gross! Get off!” Tony protests, fake puking as Steve picks him up over his shoulder.
“Let me help you with those, babe,” Tony chimes into the silence, making Steve turn around to face him.
“Is that a sound of agreement I’m hearing?”
“Dr. Stark?”
Tony feels his phone buzz in his pocket, mentally cursing at himself for not silencing it before administering the test. Usually it just lit up when a notification came through when it was on Silent Mode.
Tony’s body trembled, kindling a manner of coveting that not even his younger self could approach had he had the ability to reverse time.
“You wanna beat something else?”
Tony took his gaze off of Steve’s classroom door and looked into the direction of the curious voice.
“Hey Steve?”
“What is up with us and each other's nipples tonight?” Tony laughs.
“No.”
There's a freak lurking in a sheet...
“I live here. I know my rights. I pay my taxes, too. Pretty sure I can enjoy the privacy and comfort of my abode half-clad.”
“Maybe. Or we could skip the shower and I could just lick you up and down.”
“Do you even know what that says?”
“Might have to take another shower to make sure they’re all gone. I can help you check, if you’re into that kind of thing.”
“You should’ve done it. Put her in her place.”
The bell signifying the end of 5th Period was going to ring soon, and then students would be racing down the halls and stairs to their next destinations.
Steve retrieves Tony’s tablet from his classroom and comes back out. He shows Tony a screen that displays the recent charges on his credit account. Tony takes the tablet and looks it over.
“That can be arranged.”
A continuation of the events in Chapters 10 - 11, up until the scene break.
“We’ve never talked about this before. Not even during dorm days. I’m not judging, though. You like what you like. So, what kind of porn have you been watching recently?”
“Tony–”
“This doesn’t sound good.”
“Stop speaking, Tony.”
“Wait!–”
“You’d give Barbie a run for her money, Tones,” he says and Tony laughs, knowing it’s true. Tony may not be able to live up to the
“Okay. I’ll see you later. We can go over the end-of-year testing schedules another time.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Oh my gosh,
Tony crosses his arms, yawning, aimlessly watching as Steve pushes his sweatpants down.
“What the fuck do you think I’m doing now?”
Closets and close-ups
“Hmm?”
“Mmm, I know, babe. Thanks in advance for lunch,” he replies, giving Tony a kiss, “don’t think about it too much.”
“Okay, fine,” Tony protests mockingly, “lemme just–
and not
“Alright, congruent triangles, let’s see…Who’s your teacher again?”
Steve exits the shower stall and comes back with two towels, setting them on the sink. He steps back in and extends his hand for Tony to grab onto.
“Anal beads.”
“Um, well, it wasn’t exactly porn, necessarily. I kept a note on my phone about the place that I found my card was used at. Still don’t know how someone tapped into it but at least we got that fixed.”
he ponders,
“The lube. I couldn’t find any other tubes in your nightstand so I’m in the closet to see if you have any extra in here.”
“You’re damn right, Ken,” Tony affirms with a soft peck.
The student hands Tony his worksheet.
Steve had no shame in exposing his nude and muscular form for his husband. He himself knew he was a good-looking guy, much to Tony’s consistent agreement and appraisal. With his workouts after getting done with work at home and before getting ready for work in the morning, it provided him a boost of self-confidence, better stamina, and longer performance activities.
Steve had his socks on as well. Although Tony’s own went all the way up his shin right under his knee, Steve wore ankle socks. Most of the time they were mid-high in black, sometimes they were dark grey or some other dark color like maroon or navy.
“Sounds like some kind of quid pro quo you won’t tell me about until afterwards. What are you trying to get out of it?”
“I swear, the only time you’re not giving me smartass phrases is when you’re sucking my dick.”
“Use…your words…next time.”
“Maybe I want them to.”
“Like what?”
OCD.”
Tony reluctantly takes Steve’s hand and finds himself in a lazy kiss before hot water is spilling down his back.
“That is absolutely not the case, Steve. Now proceed with your recollections, please.”
“Yes.”
Steve is stretching his limbs in front of the window and Tony is on the bed on his side.
“Mmm, gimme the complex one. Give me all of your diction.”
“…hush, Steven. No need to stammer. I’m just taking it all in. No judgment. If you wanna do some anal bead stuff on me, then sure. I’m down. First time for everything, right?”
“Oh…”
They didn’t care.
“Are you serious?”
“I changed my mind. Where’s the lube?”
“I’m just trying to get some dick. You’re literally being a cockblocker.”
It was Tony’s turn to blow Steve’s mind by gyrating his hips on the man below him. Steve needed a breather for a while and what better way than to let Tony take some of the control.
Steve and Tony are at their local warehouse store that sells products in bulk. They’re in need of stocking their fridge and more importantly their cabinets and cupboards. It’s Steve’s to push the cart, as part of their little amusing activity to alternate turns whenever they went shopping. Tony is at his side, phone in hand with a shared shopping list that Steve had mostly utilized throughout the week on his screen.
The chocolate eyes took in the many dips and curves defining the blonde’s tall and athletic body as it flexed back and forth over the bed. Many would agree that Steve could be a propaganda poster boy for an iteration of Jesus, maybe the Adonis himself. Either of those would work, but all Tony could think of was–
Steve rests his hands on Tony’s thighs, signaling to lower his pace.
“I’m the best, Doctor.”
“Excuse me, are you Mr. Stark? The math teacher?”
“Oh my goodness, Steve, hurry up before the whole neighborhood sees your ass,” Tony complains, adjusting his position on the bed as he now lays on his stomach.
They pull away from each other for a breather, peppering each other’s faces and necks with sweet kisses, delicate and sloppy alike. Tony pulls Steve closer to him so that their bodies touch, feeling the presence of Steve’s growing erection, which only starts to make Tony’s physical arousal known as well.
A continuation of the events in Chapter 10
“Did you see anything you might have liked?”
“Aha. We were living together in your apartment after we established our dating phase. My foreign studies class was coming home.”
“I’m no saint like you are, Propaganda Jesus.”
“Steven Grant, are you giving me options?”
“Even when I’m sweaty and gross?”
don’t you
“Yeah…you go do that. Do you mind if I lock up and head home?”
“You said you were gonna handle it. I’ll use cash.”
“Why are you looking at me like that?”
“Now I’m interested.”
“I had a juice cocktail before I ran, which may have increased my blood flow. You know I like my strawberries, but you’re my favorite one.”
,” Steve pants, gripping a nearby pillow, “not so hard!”
“Don’t change the subject, Tony. Although, if you have a problem, you can always come to meet me over in HR.”
“Now that you mention it,” Tony remarks, taking his shirt off, “I definitely forgot.”
“I’m not stalling. You just talk a lot while I’m trying to make love to you.”
“If you think about it thoroughly enough, I’m a sex garden.”
“And I’m keeping you entertained.”
Steve was leaning comfortably against his island, licking his lips and smirking down at his phone, scrolling slowly at his screen. Tony didn’t know exactly what it was that Steve was looking at, his best guess was pictures. Maybe those nudes Tony had sent him out of generosity a few days ago.
are kink socks. Those slutty foot condoms showing all that sultry and succulent leg action you have going on.”
Steven looks down at Tony’s screen to see it was an explicit sext in the form of a video he had sent Tony a while back when their schedules were conflicting.
“My bad.”
Gosh, it's starting to get hot down in HR...and Steve isn't so shy this time around.
“That was your doing.”
“Seriously, Steve. I have reason to believe you don’t want me to walk for the rest of the weekend.”
“Uh, yeah. That sounds about right. I think maybe you should check your account when you get the chance, just to be cautious, ya know?”
Tony really had nothing mandatory to do right now, turning Acadia High School into an almost-paperless educational facility was on the list of wants. He couldn’t leave the classroom unless it was to retrieve something important, like extra hard copies of material or a mandatory blank list of attendees to physically mark down in case of a fire drill. Not even to walk to the classroom across the hall to satisfy his craving for the blonde’s lips.
“No, I’m just the most tempting of the seven deadly sins. Lust.”
Tony thought, aware that he was intently staring at Steve as he waited for the bell to ring.
“You drifted off there. Are you alright?” Steve inquires, rubbing up and down Tony’s back and sides, his eyebrows inched towards each other in a look of concern.
It wasn’t long before the bell for the end of 5th Period rang. It was now the passing time period for students to get to their next class, so Tony collected the tests from each student desk and put them in a binder clip before storing them in a folder for future grading. Steve, perched on his classroom counter island, was watching Tony walk up and down behind his own classroom counter island, pulling out various folders, typing small notes into the spreadsheet on his computer now and then, as well as doing an absentminded shimmy here and there just because.
Going in to get off...
“You think you could walk a little slower? For educational purposes?”
“Yeah,” Steve sighs in relief.
“Lemme see you. I wanna see you.”
sound, using his free hand to aimlessly stroke at Steve’s length to keep him stimulated.
“I corrected you in the form of a text message that I’d be doing the fucking,” he whispers in Tony’s ear, running his other hand down to grope more of Tony’s ass while Tony exhales shakily.
“You look majestic riding my dick like that. That’s why.”
“Or you can go get them now. I can grab all of our stuff for now to save time.”
A continuation of the events in Chapters 3-5
He liked Steve’s stories of travelling abroad to Latin America during his college years, especially his desire to return one day with Tony at his side. It made Tony weak in the knees when–
“Okay, well, there’s different sizes and colors and shapes. I don’t know what’s so fascinating about them but I like them. Maybe just pulling them out of you is what gets me off.”
“Nothing, Beefy. I’m just admiring you,” he lingers, slowly running a finger down the middle of Steve’s accented muscles toward his happy trail.
“You didn’t notice the giant festive box with Christmas colors in the recycling bin at all this week?”
“Do it.”
“You were saying?”
“Right here. Right now.”
“I’m all sweaty, Tones. We need to get ready for work. Maybe tonight.”
“Only kinda?” Steve questions with a kiss to the back of Tony’s hand.
, since the overachiever’s kisses leave a lasting imprint on his lips while he enunciates his words to make sure his students say them right. Tony, across the hall during 7th Period, can see his husband licking his lips, as if his saliva will keep Tony’s assault on his own mouth alive and present. More often than not, Tony can see the erection Steve tries to hide behind the counter island in the front of the room.
Large hands cup his face as the larger of the two slides off of the counter, the hands previously on his thighs now teasing around his waist. The kiss deepens, both tongues dancing with each other off-beat, short pants and breathy moans escaping the both of them.
“You sucked me in. I had no choice.”
“Less sock-pulling and I’ll cooperate.”
“At least your shirt? You know I love playing with your tits,” Tony winked, making his husband shake his head in playful disbelief while trying to hide his blushing fit of embarrassment.
“Shower. Then we eat.”
“How stupid of me,” he groans childishly, “I guess I’m sleeping on the couch tonight.”
“I was too busy noticing you.”
Had it not been for Steve’s arm around his back, Tony would’ve fallen backwards on the bed, but instead, Steve came inside him with an elongated sigh of intense pleasure. He pulled Tony close to him, their chests heaving against each other, mixing sweat and sweet caresses.
Tony knew, then, that he won’t  be alone.
They stayed hugging until Tony calmed down. Steve pulled away in order to look at Tony. His eyes and nose were red and his cheeks were puffy. The moon shining light on his face, god, he’s beautiful. Steve wiped the tears from Tony’s cheeks before smiling.
Just so we're clear, I ship Pepperony (A LOT) but since my endgame is Stony, Steve gets to have Tony's last words.
Steve has probably heard Tony sing this song a thousand times but nothing beats the first time he heard it because that’s when everything started.
The following weeks, Steve avoided watching TV. He locked himself in his room, barely eating... barely sleeping. Sometimes, he falls asleep but wakes up an hour in because of the nightmares.
A fic based on Taylor Swift’s my tears ricochet! It’s post-civil war but pre-endgame.
. She and Tony made contact; understanding filling the latter’s eyes. He’s always been smart, she knows that, emotionally constipated but smart, nonetheless so she knows he understood what she meant when she said it feels wrong.
After Natasha’s funeral, each Avenger went to their separate rooms except for Steve. He stayed sitting on the dock staring into the lake where Nat’s urn was buried. She was his first friend. They became close because of the missions SHIELD sent them to. So close to the point where she couldn’t bear seeing him, what did Nat call it? –
“Sorry.”
But what made Tony cry was when she told him about Auntie Nat. How she teaches her to braid her hair, do ballet, and punch – still not sure if he approves of the last one. He always told Morgan that violence was never the answer. Then he saw Nat. She was giving him a pursed smile and he sobs because his friend is alive. The friend he thought he would never see again is here in front of him, smiling like nothing ever happened. Natasha sat at the edge of the bed before wiping Tony’s tear-streaked cheek, “I think someone accidentally brought me back,” she whispered. “Don’t think it was,” he responded before pulling her in a hug.
When Thanos finished putting on his armor, they attacked. It was the three of them versus one but it wasn’t enough. Thanos was strong; he was able to knock both Thor and Tony out until he was only fighting Steve. Tony could see Thanos destroying the shield he made for the man he loves as he tried to fight back.
He remembers Ultron, remembers how Steve said together. All the shitty fights they had... all the hurtful things that were said, all of the silent apologies, the making up.
Tony snapped out of his thoughts just as Steve was able to push Thanos off. He saw him clench his teeth, tighten the straps of his broken shield, and stand. He watched as the mad titan’s army covered the other side of the battle ground while Steve stood alone. But apparently, not for long because he saw portal rings open behind Steve.
, and then I saw him doing the yellow sparkly thing he does all the time –” Tony shook his head as he stepped forward, muttering in agreement with Peter before pulling him up for a hug. “What are you doing?” he wrapped his arms, tightly, around him before closing his eyes and letting the fact that
Rhodey said that it sucks but he’s not regretting his decision. The Sokovia Accords fights for the right things but sometimes… it just sucks. Tony smiles (or at least, tries to) for Rhodey. He needs to be there for him, every step of the way. He needs to help his honeybear because he knows that Rhodey will do the same for him.
Steve put down his mug before wrapping an arm around Tony’s shoulder and pulling him closer. The smaller man buried his face on Steve’s neck as he continued to cry. “It’s okay,” Steve whispered in Tony’s ear after kissing the top of his head. “We’re not going to let her sacrifice go to waste,” he added. “We’ll make it count.”
Steve thinks to himself, no need. This is the suit that was made for him. It gives a sense of safety and misery.
Tony wasn’t quite sure how everything ended the way it did. He always said that he was a futurist. He doesn’t dwell on the past and most of the time he just tries to make things better by thinking of ways to make it better, by thinking of how he could right the wrongs. He likes to fix things – he’s a mechanic, it’s in his nature.
Everything was pinned to the side because of the Accords. They fought, badly. Hurtful things were said; she had a fight with Tony. She won’t be able to forget their last conversation before she left.
“You know, I always figured that after all of this is over, Nat would come harass me in my Legolas inspired farm house by teaching my daughter how to disembowel someone in seven moves,” Tony said making Steve snort. “Bold of you to assume that it would take Natasha seven moves to disembowel a person,” Tony spit the coffee he just drank as he laughed. And laughed and laughed... until he wasn’t anymore, until he was just a sobbing mess of a man.
Inspired by How I Met Your Mother S9 EP16
Romance because she loved with all her heart; Prosperity because she was successful and she flourished as a person; and Compassion because no matter how much she denies, how much she pretends that she doesn’t care, she does. Because she’s Natasha Romanoff and that's who she is.
Tony, Steve, Thor, Bruce, and Clint were standing on the dock located at the back of the compound; all staring into anything but the black urn in the center with her picture placed on its left, sitting atop a white marble bench. Tony stared at the peony he was holding, cut in a way that it would fit inside the urn. Each of them was holding something that was important to Nat, all of which will be put inside the urn before being encased in a glass box and submerged into the lake.
They fought. Hurt each other. He tried to stop Tony from killing his best friend.
– maybe that’s what it was for Tony, he thinks. He’s always been the type of person to make the sacrifice for the good of others, even if that meant sacrificing his life. It’s a trait that he both admired and hated when it comes to him.
He asked himself, what about iron man? The government is already trying to take his property. They demand that it but turned over to the military. Rhodey’s a liutenant colonel. Rhodey can pilot the suit, he has military training… he can be Iron Man once he’s gone. Well, not Iron Man but another version. Yes, Rhodey can do it. He’ll do it.
It was the last words he said before the light of the reactor went off.
He’s a futurist; he likes to fix things so he signed the Accords.
“I can lend you my shoulder if you want to cry, too,” Tony said with a small smile. Steve shook his head, “I can settle for a hug,” he whispered before wrapping his arms around Tony, once more.
It wasn’t like Tony stopped loving Steve. Yes, he married Pepper and had a kid with her whom he loves with all his heart and would do anything for. But he never forgot Steve. He never managed to fully move on. Sometimes, he feels guilty for feeling this way especially since Pepper is a sharp woman. They talked about it on the same day that Steve, Natasha, and Scott came to him about the time heist. They were talking about how he figured it out, the team, Steve... he was asking his wife if he should do this.
“Oh gosh!” he exclaimed, his mother didn’t move.
“Steve, I’m really sorry. I’ll…I’ll talk to Fury ok?” Steve sighed and stood up leaving the room. Clint looked after him helplessly.
“Some days.”
The second time was not Clint's fault.
Steve was a good guy and it really wasn’t Clint’s fault that he kept doing these favors for people. It also wasn’t his fault that Coulson had a huge boy-crush on Captain America and said yes to anything that was asked. In fact, if you thought about it really hard he was actually doing a good thing. Using Steve- well not using…more utilizing the gifts Steve offered- to get these things was making the team happy, right? And a happy team meant that there was less fighting and angst, which meant less community service hours for breaking monuments or saying things that really shouldn’t be said on live T.V because they were all fighting. So really, Clint was making Coulson’s job easier than harder and when Fury came back from his holiday he would stop.
Natasha standing next to Clint who was clasping her hand tightly while her other one rubbed soothing circles on Bruce’s shoulder as he shook and the beeping on his heart rate monitor seemed to be quicker than usual. Thor and Jane stood just behind them, the Norse God frowning in concentration as Jane spoke to him in a hushed tone.
“Ah fuck.” Tony mutters over the coms.
“Young Peter! There is leakage in your eyes!” Thor had declared forgetting about the many conversations about using his inside voice around Peter.
So Tony stayed away, he worked at home, fixed the house, visited Peter when he could, brought changes of clothes, better food, TV, Peter’s gadgets and left during any appointment. Not bearing to see his son in that anguish, not being able to live with himself because Tony Stark was Tony Stark, and like the fool he was he blamed himself.
So the team had very begrudgingly gone to the sewers to run around like Mutant Turtles and attack each other. Things just got more realistic than they should have and before they could say ‘Toilet’ shit had exploded.
“Shit Natasha! Peter is walking! He’s walking on his feet!”
"No."
"Well..." he starts hesitantly, sitting up straight. "It's about those acidic arrows in Spain."
“Tony.” Steve slips, it’s like he can feel his entire team staring at him.
“What exactly are you doing?” she asks, arms crossed, not even apologising. Tony gives a sigh and lifts his goggles.
“I’m good.”
“No it’s, like I said I don’t need any explanation from you.” Tony takes a step back, and then another. “Enjoy the rest of your night Steve. Stop by sometime.”
“I don’t need saving.” Peter mutters darkly and Bruce gives a small smile.
Clint knew he was screwed as soon as he got the memo that they would have a team meeting that day at exactly 1400 hours, signed Nick Fury. His foot twitched as he sat at the kitchen table and really tried to stay calm. Fury couldn’t possibly know that it was Clint who had orchestrated the entire thing right? That’s assuming that Fury actually knew what had happened. For all Clint knew this was a meeting with information about some new villain so there really was no need for him to freak out right?
ooOOoo
It was a rookie mistake, but Steve looked to see who she was yelling at.  Luckily for him, Doom was doing the same thing.
"That looked good," Hank said. "Tony's going to need to do some fine-tuning on the motion sensors and the holo-dummy's response time, but everything seems like it's running smoothly." It had been a simple training sequence – Jan and Clint had barely broken a sweat – but serious exercise hadn't been the point. The training room had had to be tested before anyone could safely use it without supervison; thus far it had shown a reassuring lack of either sentience or a desire to kill them, but Hank had found that when it came to complex computer systems, a little paranoia never hurt.
Steve forced down his worry; he couldn't afford the distraction right now, when they were about to take on Doom with half their team missing, captured, or out of action.  Wanda would have been invaluable right about now, if only she weren't stuck on the Helicarrier, and if only all forms of satellite communication in the city weren't down.
"Pepper says you slept here last night."
She tossed copper curls over her shoulder, pouting again. "I still don't see why I can't just kill the lawyer for you."
The body fell to the floor with a loud, metallic thud, and Carol turned and slung the head underhand  at one of the no-longer-armed goons.  He went down as well, nearly taking one of his buddies with him, and the remaining two invaders left on their feet glanced from her, to Clint and his borrowed energy weapon, to Wanda.
"There's still an 'us?'" Tony interrupted. He tensed, awaiting Steve's answer, ready to force himself to open his eyes and let go.
"If I'd asked for help, you would have stopped me," he defended, more from reflex than anything else. Steve
Doom turned to face him, seeming not to care that he was turning his back on the rest of them.  Beside him, Loki was toying with a dagger nearly the size of a short sword, still wearing the same disinterested smirk.  If they rushed Doom, would she try to stop them?  Carol could be on him in an eye-blink, faster than any normal human could move, but Loki was far from human.
"You two have fun with that," Sam said, smiling blandly, before he could be roped into watching a fashion show as well.
"It's late," Steve interrupted, laying a hand on Tony's shoulder. "We can talk about this in the morning."
"That's why I love you."
"I feel like I'm wearing a costume," Tony admitted. "Like I'm pretending to be someone else."
She laughed, the sound ringing hollow like the sound of bells.
Daredevil shrugged one shoulder. "You'll have to take that up with Iron Fist. If those are the bank robbers I think you're talking about, I think he took objection to them trying to use some kind of poison gas on Luke."
Sam blinked. "You mean," he said, slowly and calmly, "you could have shut him down at any point during that whole mess?"
Steve had chosen to be given the supersoldier serum, just as Tony had chosen to put on the armor, but not everyone got to choose. Some of the Avengers had been born with superpowers, and others had acquired them by accident, like Carol and Peter. Luke Cage had technically volunteered for the experiment that had given him unbreakable skin, but considering the circumstances, he really hadn't had the option of saying no. Sam hadn't chosen his powers, either.
Sam turned to stare at the damaged lamppost, his eyebrows going up. "If it had been one of the old, wrought-iron ones, it wouldn't have bent like that."
Steve had thought, when he'd confronted Tony to demand that he stop, and later, when he'd thrown "the Captain's" shield back in Tony's face, that Tony had been completely recovered from whatever it was that had driven him to try and seek oblivion in a bottle - he had been so determined, so driven, so different from the man who'd been willing to just lie down and die - but maybe he hadn't been. Neither set of actions had seemed like Tony, unless Steve knew Tony far less well than he had thought, something he'd been willing to believe.
Steve smiled, ignoring the sting as it pulled at his lip. The term 'boyfriend' sounded silly as a description, as least when it came to himself and Tony, but there wasn't really a term that properly defined what they were to each other. 'Lover' implied that their whole relationship was about sex, and 'partner'... Bucky had been Steve's partner, and Sam. "I'll do that," Steve said.
His own protective spells were layered thickly around the nave of the cathedral. Had he not been the Sorcerer Supreme, a novice's uncertainty over a decade behind him, their familiarity would have been reassuring.
She was thinking in English, she realized, and had been at least since that moment in the bakery, despite the fact that Rumanian was her native tongue, the language she'd spoken her whole life.
"You have no bombs remaining, the three of us have you and your friend there," Steve nodded at the only A.I.M. flunky still on his feet, a short, stocky man who had edged backwards so that Madigan was between him and the Avengers, "outnumbered, and the Wasp is removing your equipment from the billboard right now. If you're smart, you'll surrender."
Wanda pulled sandwich ingredients out of the fridge and began making herself lunch. She glanced at Tony questioningly, holding the bread out to him, and he shook his head.
The punch had been deliberately easy to block, he realized, as he doubled over and fought to suck in a decent breath. Steve had distracted him with a blow he knew Tony would be able to see coming and react quickly to, and then sucker-punched him when he left his lower torso wide open.
No matter how many times Tony saw Hank shrink and unshrink lab equipment, it still looked like something out of Looney Tunes. He watched from the lab's doorway, carefully out of the way of expanding equipment, as Hank set a pocket-sized mass spectrometer and electron microscope on the floor, and began slowly returning them to their full sizes.
There was a click as the line went dead, Rhodes hanging up, and Hank went back to staring at the monitor screen and mentally calculating the drop in body weight produced by a shift from five-foot-ten to two inches, and what percentage of an average-sized dose of any given medication would have to be shifted out of one's body in the process in order to avoid toxicity.
"We're glad to help the museum in any way," Steve was saying. "Dr. Strange will examine the book as soon as possible, and we'll get it back to you folks in no time."
"The kind of collector," Wanda said, "who likes to summon demons in their spare time. Or transform himself into a vampire, or gain ultimate power."
He said it so casually that it was a moment before Steve noticed that he'd said "I" instead of the usual "we."
'Don't say you thought I'd be taller,' Peter begged inwardly. "Yes," he sighed. "I'm Spiderman."
"No luck, huh?" Steve's voice was wry.
At least the deploying of teenagers into combat situations had stopped; Gyrich and Rhodey's team had seen to that. Gyrich could sense which way the political winds were blowing, and he'd always known how to follow political trends.
Steve clapped his hands together. "Let's move it, Avengers. People could be dying while we stand here staring at each other. You can brief us on the situation on the way, Tony."
Even after years' worth of experience trying to manage his public image, there were still moments when the need to constantly worry over what the media would think got extremely annoying. Especially when other people worried about it for him. "Just because you know those rumors are true doesn't mean the rest of the country doesn't think they were all baseless tabloid speculation," Tony said, not bothering to keep the irritation from his voice. It survived the voice modulation loud and clear. "No one will think you've caught slutty bisexual cooties from me."
One of the invaders shouted, sounding more startled than afraid, and then all attacked at once, and the entire hall dissolved into a melee that was more brawl than gunfight.
"I?  I don't want anything from you.  The time for bargains between us has come and gone."  Her voice was poisonously sweet.  "You, my dear step-brother, are my bride-gift for my new consort."
Tony hadn't even looked at him yet. He was fiddling with part of a computer circuit board, tiny bits of gold wire glittering between his fingers. As Steve watched, he reached up to rub at his forehead, just over his left eye.
"Perhaps not," Strange said, "but I have weapons of a different sort."
"I could say the same thing about your current form." The words were out before Don could think better of them, and he tightened his grip on his cane, ready to slam it into the ground and let Thor take over if Loki responded to his jab with violence.
Hopefully, he could work up the nerve to actually broach the subject before they left the museum.
That seemed to be a habit of his recently.
"What sort of curse has your friend been placed under?" Agatha asked, her frown vanishing. "Perhaps I can be of assistance."
Had she really learned English at her Aunt's kitchen table? How long had she been able to think in it? Everything prior to the last few minutes was distant, almost unreal.
No doubt he could feel the same aura of evil in the air that Strange could sense; bound to the church as he was, by blood and oaths, he would sense any danger that threatened within these walls.
Carol bit at her lower lip for a second, then blew out a long breath. "Yes. I know he wants to believe it. Hell, I want to believe it. Everything in Transia was definitely Chthon, maybe all of it was even Chthon. M Day..." she made a face. "I can't imagine the Wanda we knew before or Wanda now doing something like that, but if she wanted to hurt Magneto, it
" Tony resisted the impulse to go over and help Hank set up the newly-resized spectrometer and fascinating yet maddeningly inefficient laser imaging set-up. It would be so easy to improve it, just one or two small adjustments... He reminded himself that one or two small adjustments had gotten him kicked out of technical conferences and trade shows more than once, and stayed put. Hank was twitchy enough without Tony adding to it. "The house isn't even finished yet – I'd like to at least get all the walls painted and the furniture moved in before we blow it up again."
Rhodey sighed, making a wry face. "I'm not a scientist," he said. "I'm a pilot. I'm just... I passed my limit for seeing Tony hooked up to heart monitors a long time ago."
The gap between him and Tony felt much wider than the bare few inches of mattress between them counted for. The memory of Tony flinching away from his touch was all too clear; Steve rolled over onto his side, facing away from Tony. Sleep was a long time in coming.
"You know perfectly well I can do my own maintenance work," Rhodey was saying. "How many days did Pepper make you promise to stay out of the lab and away from your armor?"
"Tell the police that the building's clear, and there's a man in the front hall who needs immediate medical attention," he told Tony.
Agent Hill would have said something cutting.  Sharon simply shook her head.  "It was the first thing we tried, while the doctors were still looking at you.  Doom is either blocking them or he's destroyed them."
"Right hand," Jan corrected.
Steve threw himself forward, reaching for Sin, very aware of the gun she still held, and the fact that she almost certainly had another of those repurposed SS daggers on her somewhere as well.
Leather was very practical for a superhero costume -- it looked good, and it offered more protection than spandex -- but it was also a bitch to get off when it was tacky with half-dried blood. Thank god his pants weren't as tight as Cap's, or getting them off would really have been not fun.
Tony was still angry, obviously, even if he was making an effort to hide it. He'd never objected to Steve's presence in his lab before. "Well, I don't have things to do, so I might as well come. I can hand you tools."
Hank wrinkled his nose ever so slightly -- he was of the opinion that all ice cream ought to be either chocolate or vanilla.
Wanda didn’t flinch, though, or look anything other than sad and a little haunted.  “I had to banish Chthon.  It took all the power the spear had; if I’d used it up bringing Vision back, he would have won.”
“You had the hots for Wonderman back when he had a mullet.  You have no taste.”
He had expected something like that. He hadn't expected her to have half the Masters of Evil along for the ride.
And Reed Richards would finally have to acknowledge that Doom was his superior in every way that mattered. It would make the even the months of waiting patiently at Loki's side until he could eventually betray her and rule alone sweet.
