A few of his students were huddled together, giggling over the contents of a glass display case in the center of the floor.  Of which housed an enormous, ornate Aegean krater depicting the winged Greek god, Himeros, overlooking the particulars of an all-male threeway.  Castiel had seen it more than a handful of times in his visits to the museum so he wasn’t surprised in the least that his students gravitated towards it.  Absurdity aside, it was a beautiful piece of functional artwork and he also wouldn’t be surprised if at least one of his students chose it for a comparison piece in their papers.  There was always one student that tried to choose something lewd in order to get a rise out of the professor anyway.  He gave the krater a brief glance, shaking his head in his own reluctant amusement at his students overly-amused reactions, before moving onto the next gallery.
Dean sighed in annoyance.  “Nothin’, man.  Can’t talk now, runnin’ late.”  He jerked his head in the direction of the basement and made to leave the bar.
Castiel scowled at her out the corner of his eye, but then as if on cue, Dean appeared across the green, all smiles and freckles in the sun.  His black t-shirt was clinging to him as usual and his sunglasses made him seem effortlessly cool.  He was headed their way with a girl Castiel didn’t recognize trailing behind him.
“They could barely hold all of you in,”  he warbled.  He could tell by the way Dean was breathing he was already getting hard.  Castiel wasn’t much further behind.  “I sucked you through them.  They were soaked.”
And okay, maybe Dean’s a little drunk. Only in the way that loosens your limbs and makes the laughter come easy. He knows he’s smiling though, for no particular reason at all, other than it’s Cas he’s out here with, but it doesn’t seem to matter because once Dean starts laughing, Cas can’t help but join him. And maybe Cas is a little drunk too now that he thinks about it because his usual fleeting looks seem to linger as the night drags to a head. His dark hair is wind-swept and his tanned skin is salt-kissed. There’s still sand desperately clinging to the soles of his bare feet and the undersides of his thighs. He looks… well, he looks happy. It’s not a sight Dean’s grown accustomed to quite yet and he thinks if he dwells on that too long— on all the time they’ve wasted— he might even start in with the waterworks. Because for once he could actually say, without a shadow of a doubt, he’s happy too. He doesn’t know what the hell they were waiting for, but man he’s glad they finally figured it out.
“Not interested, huh.”  His face was calculating.  Suddenly, he shifted his cigarette into his left hand and held the right down to Castiel.  “Name’s Dean.  But tonight I guess you can call me Michael.”
Sam dipped his head window-level to stare expectantly at him from behind the flop of hair hanging over his eyes.  With an exasperated sigh, he asked, “Are you going to get out?”
“That's because you're supposed to remove the stick before leaving the house.”  Balthazar was increasingly more on edge the longer they sat stuck, but Castiel supposed that's what he deserved for taking some sort of mystery upper before they left.
“Yeah.”  Of course he did.  “So, what then?  What did you want?”  Lord knew it wasn’t for an apology.  He’d been waiting on one of those his whole life.  Why start now?
When the bell rang, he pushed through the brain fog and promptly rose, ignoring the way his head still swam.  He stalked down the crowded corridor and past the swarm of curious eyes until he came to his locker and fumbled with the combination lock.  It finally clicked open after ten tries, and just as it did, another bell echoed down the hall, signalling first lunch.  He contemplated the pros and cons of actually attending Chemistry afterwards, but before he made his decision, a familiar set of hands wrapped around him from behind, flirtatiously fiddling with his belt buckle.
“You know what?  I'm done talkin’ about this.  It’s over.  I'm goin’ back to bed,” he says, making his way for the door.  Cas looks like he's going to stop him, but there's a flare of something in Dean’s eyes that makes him stand down.
“He’s cute, don’t you think?”  She searched his face in a giddy sort of way.  Like they were spilling who their crushes were at a middle school sleepover.
Castiel had seen it before.  Once, when he was only a small boy.  It had been his father then, reminding him what a pusillanimous nuisance he’d been.  A dark spot in their proud family tree.  Castiel deserved it.  Castiel had made him do it.  Worse, Castiel wanted it because he was a ‘faggot’.  Or so his father would say every time he would use his belt among other more intimate, brutalized punishments.
“I don’t care what Sam says,” he calls out to the bedroom, “we’re definitely getting one of these damn rain shower heads for the bunker.”
Castiel angled his head to survey the room again.  That was when their eyes met by accident and Dean couldn’t help but stare.
Surprised, yet unrelieved, Sam heads in first.  The front door creaks open on its hinges into a sunny, open living area.  It’s suspiciously quiet— a tingle of electricity raises the hair on the back of his neck and his stomach fills with rocks. “Wendy?  It’s Sam Winchester,” he says, hand resting on the grip of his gun stuffed in the back of his jeans. The rotten smell of sulfur hits him in the face layered with the smell of oxidized blood.  “We were hoping to talk again.  You in?”
Castiel stared at it questioningly and then back to his friend.  “I'm also too old to be peer-pressured.  Besides, I don't need to get worked up, I need to relax.”
After carefully arranging his notes on the podium, Castiel pulled his laptop from its black leather carrier and began to search for the appropriate slides for his planned lecture as his students filed in at random intervals.   Castiel hadn't really learned any of their names yet, but he figured he would wait till the add/drop period ended before bothering.  Checking the wall clock, he noted it was about five minutes past the start time and decided whatever stragglers were late would have to make due or find him in his office hours after class.
“Considering you told me you couldn’t come over because you felt like a ‘flaming bag of dogshit’ this afternoon… it matters a little.  Clarence, are you at a party I don’t know about?  Should I be putting my panties back on for this?”
“What do you mean, what did I give him?” she asked incredulously at Crowley’s reddened face.  “Don’t get mad at me!  Al told me it was fucking blow,” she defended in her own urgent whisper.  “They must have cut it or something, I dunno!  I'm gonna fucking kill him next time I see him!”
“I cleaned,” Castiel explained weakly, with a vague hand gesture to the laundry he’d just finished folding.
Dean gave a light, hollow laugh that echoed.  “Yeah, uh, it’s me,” he said.  “Hey look, I-” he swallowed hard and forced the next words out through impossibly gritted teeth.  “I need your help.”  He gulped back an indecent sob that threatened to give himself away.  “Look, sorry if it’s a bad time, I didn’t mean to wake you up--”
Dean brought his finger to the tender flesh near his eye and poked at it with a wince and a hiss.  He didn’t break the skin, but it wasn’t going to be pretty come morning.  Still, it wasn’t like Dean could afford to take the rest of the night off, so he declined Ash’s offer with a shake of his head.  “Just don’t let that fucker back in here.”  Ash nodded and went back out to the hall to ensure the man was actually going out the basement exit and not back up to the main floor.
“Oh, for fuck’s sake!  I came outside for this!?”  Crowley pinched the bridge of his nose and set his jaw.  “Right, stay there,” he said to him, patting his knee and taking another drag on his cigarette.  “A word?”  He turned to Meg and leaned in and Castiel couldn’t really hear what he was saying, just watched the cloud of smoke drift on by.  They moved a few feet away and Crowley’s arms were flailing about, urgently whispering to cover his rage.  “What the fuck did you give him!”
Eventually, when doubt began flooding into Castiel’s chest to drown him, Balthazar offered him a brief glance.  Just one.  “I mean, given the intensely negative way you so obviously feel towards me,” he said, voice scathing at the end, “I feel it would be best for all parties involved if we terminate our friendship.  You wouldn’t want to give anyone the wrong idea, now would you?  Maybe this way you can quit playing the martyr.  It’s never suited you.”  His voice was strong, sure.  Calm even.
Pocketing the phone, he gave a muted laugh at his own self-inflicted predicament and sat up, head swimming from the rush.  Suddenly, he felt the delicate warmth of something dripping down his face.  He wiped his long nose on the back of his hand and, when he came away, it was streaked with bright, fresh blood.
With a smooth exhale, Castiel leaned over to snatch the worksheet out from under him.  He gave it a once over and snorted mockingly to himself.  “Well, first: covalent and ionic bonds are not interchangeable terms.  Second: two metals aren’t capable of forming a covalent or ionic bond - they would form a compound bond.  Third, the atomic symbol ‘Gd’ represents Gadolinium, not Gold.  And that’s just the first problem,” he said, looking out from over the top of the page.  “Should I continue, or were you just making the conscious choice to fail?”
Bringing his free hand around, Dean hooked two fingers into Castiel’s parted mouth and goaded him to suck.  Distractedly, Castiel wrapped his lips around them and laved his tongue over his thick fingers until they were soaked, Dean working his thumb all the while restraining his own grunts of arousal.  Dean spit around his thumb again and pulled it out, only to replace its absence with the fingers in Castiel’s mouth.  The burn was manageable.  Gripping the back of the seat, his fist tightened with a squeak of the leather and he bit his lower lip between his teeth at the alien sensation.  And then he hit something inside him that caused his entire body to quiver.
Charlie reached across the bed and tugged on the hem of his underwear rising above his jeans.  She giggled at the sight.  “Oh my god, you are!”
Back in the changing room, Dean hurriedly gathered his belongings and shoved most of them back into his duffle bag under the table.  He roughly tugged on his wrinkled t-shirt and ripped blue jeans and stepped into his boots, barely bothering to tie up the laces.  It took him all of three minutes and then he was headed out to Ash to cash out his tips for the night.  It almost felt like it happened on a completely different night, he thought, as he pocketed the wad of cash and made for the exit towards the alleyway.  He attempted to shield the top of his head with the collar of his denim jacket.
Maybe it happened all the time.  That didn't make a sad song better.  Castiel felt his heart breaking for him, but he would never voice that.  Dean was too proud for it.
All of a sudden, Dean forgets the mug on the counter altogether.  His breathing hitches in his throat.  “Yeah?”
Cas quirked his head and Dean felt his heart swell in his chest.  Despite himself, a watery smile broke out on his face at the sight.  He placed his hand over Cas’, holding it there, leaning into the touch.  That aching feeling he felt for months, suddenly lifted.  He found he could breathe again.  But the easy smile crumpled when he thought back on the ways he’d treated Cas towards the end.
After a few minutes of waiting, he was starting to feel the edge of anxiety creeping back in.  He was sitting alone in a red room, sinking into a couch countless other men have sunk into, in the basement of a seedy, gay men's club, stoned off his ass, and Balthazar wasn't with him.  Balthazar was upstairs and it was going to be fine, he reminded himself.  He was going to be fine.  He repeated the mantra, eyes closed, scratching at the denim on his thighs to relax himself, until the door on the other end of the room opened.  His eyes opened with it.
Oftentimes they’d steal moments between meetings.  Spend lunches together in Dean’s corner office with the view where Dean would get down on his knees for him in his expensive tailored suit pants and suck him off fast and dirty.  That was until a couple of months ago.  They had privacy here in Dean’s bed that they didn’t have in passing trysts at the office.  A safe bubble where they could pretend what they had together was sacred.  No prying eyes.  No one to hear them.  And yet, Castiel was dead-set on extracting as many noises from Dean as he could swallow tonight.
As if on Dean’s command, Castiel reached a hand between them and wrapped a tight fist around Dean’s cock, the tip all but drooling precum by now.  Both their stomachs wet with the stuff.  And he jacked him just as unrelentingly fast as he was fucking him, perfectly in time with his hips, blue eyes never leaving Dean’s all the while.
Before Castiel could finish his sentence, Dean was turning himself around in his arms.  He needed to see him.  He needed to weigh the sincerity there.  Dean found his eyes in the dark, the only light being the faint flickering glow of the neon sign below, and he seemed to mean it, but what the fuck did Dean know?
“Me too,” he managed to croak.  Without much thought, his gaze settled on Castiel’s mouth once more.  He felt himself leaning in, but he once again reminded himself of Sam asleep in the next room.  Before it went any further, he straightened and blurted out,  “How are you, though?”
Hey, guys! Sorry it's been a minute since I updated this, I was working on a Halloween fluff and this Chapter required a little research that my brain really couldn't handle for whatever reason lol.  But this one is a little longer so I hope that makes up for the wait!  It's now hit over the 100 page mark in google docs though so this is a feat for me!  And if I'm being honest with ya'll, I can't wait for these idiots to bone already.
The salty air rolling off the water caused the gauzy curtains to billow and burst in the breeze, but underneath the smell of the ocean were familiar things:  the clean scent of bar soap, the lingering aroma of drug store body spray, and the distinctive notes of broken-in leather.  None of which were possible.  Not here, anyway.
After a few collective beats, Castiel peeled his eyes away to level Balthazar with a disbelieving glare.  “Really?”
Just then, Charlie was heading back over to the table and Dean tracked her before quickly stuttering out something along the lines of, “Uh, maybe.  I’ll have to get back to you.”
She looks supremely uncomfortable, albeit still a little amused. “I don’t know how to tell you this, but have you ever considered it might be... something else?”
Nodding along, Dean inched away as soon as there was a lull in his spiel.  “I’ll definitely be on the lookout for that, buddy, thanks,” he said in a rush of breath.  The air filling his lungs stung a little bit, but it was preferable to asphyxiation.
Dean takes half a slice into his mouth without even chewing. “Watch me,” he mumbles out around the hunk of dead cow in his mouth. The three of them stare with a strange mixture of shock, awe, and disgust. “Not literally! We gonna play a game or what?”
Tears threatened to well up again as Dean hid his face in his hands.  Hot, steadying breath clouded the space between his palms.  His thumb and forefinger dug into his eyes and he forced himself not to lose his shit for the second time that night as he breathed and, without removing the hand from his closed eyelids, he held the phone up to his cheek and let it ring.
In his mock despair, Castiel spilled vodka down the front of his shirt and uttered curses under his breath. Turning the flashlight on to see the damage, he muttered curses and shed the shirt without any explanation. It was a dorky one with Albert Einstein’s face on it, one he always used to wear before middle school started and he started getting picked on just for wearing it. When he was freed, flashlight rolling around on the floor, his hair stuck up like an electric shock-- not much different from Einstein-- and his cheeks were flushed.
The small distance of space between their thighs felt electrically charged like one of those glass spheres that spark lightning the second your fingertip grazes it.  At least, it did to Castiel.  Dean seemed unphased, focusing instead on trading jokes with Charlie about the latest episode of Game of Thrones and listening to his music.
Halfway through pacing the living room, another fuzzy memory emerged.  A hand snaking into his pocket.  Warm breath whispering into his ear.  “Call me.”  He directed his feet towards his bedroom and they found their way to his closet.  Pulling it open, he shuffled around a few hangers until he found his leather motorcycle jacket towards the back of the closet.  Sure enough, located in the pocket was a folded tissue with a neatly printed phone number written on it.  The name ‘Dean’ scrawled above it.  If there were any shred of hope left that his mind was playing tricks on him, this seemingly innocent tissue squandered it.  Castiel held it contemplatively, idly pondering over unrealistic possibilites, before snapping himself out of it.
“So are you… not a guy anymore?” he hedges, feeling a lot like he’s taking a shot in the dark.  Truth be told, Dean never really was good with this whole gender studies stuff, but he does his best to grasp it for Cas.  At times like this though, he can’t help but feel like an utterly ignorant asshole and based on Cas’ fed up face he probably is being a real big one. “Please, man. Explain it to me like I’m five?”
Squeezing his eyes shut, Dean finally killed the engine.  “Cas, I-- I gotta tell you somethin’.  Not as a priest, okay?  Just us.  Just between you and me.”
Sam raised his hands to his hips and stared down at him with that stupid constipated face of his, acting like he knew more about Dean than Dean did.
“Right,” Castiel muttered, watching Dean’s bare back as he went.  A strange combination of emotions settled in his chest and his dick, but he refused to acknowledge either of them.  “Of course not.”
A knowing gleam sparkled in his eyes every time their gaze locked across the room, but Dean hadn’t approached him at all this week like Castiel had expected him to do.
The corners of Castiel’s mouth twitched at just how serious Dean was being about this.  “I understand, Dean.  I am a professional, despite all evidence to the contrary, and I will give your paper the appropriate grade it deserves.  No more, no less.”
Grabbing the pillow out of his lap, Dean threw it back in her face.  “No, I’m not,” declared Dean, despite all evidence to the contrary.
Castiel threw his head back on a laugh, eyes crinkling with a gummy grin.  “I think your gaydar is finally broken.”
The new pace was even more insistent.  The thought of Dean wanting to come just as desperately as he did sent heat pooling in the base of his spine at an unfathomable rate.
Dean gave a casual shrug and looked like he was fighting back another smile.  What he settled on was a cocky smirk. “I can think of a few things.”
Gathering his bearings, Castiel made his way to the bedroom as quietly as possible, taking great care not to hit anything else on the way there.  He felt around on the braided rug for the heap of jeans and his button down shirt and he sat on the very edge of the bed as not to wake Dean as he dressed.  Undoing the buttons, he shrugged into his shirt the proper way this time and he tugged the semi-dry jeans up to his knees before he stood and finished up the fly and belt buckle.  Dean hadn’t woken to any of this.  Small huffs of breath tumbled over his parted lips while his face was half buried in the pillow.  The sight pulled at something in Castiel’s chest, as he slipped his feet back into his boots at the end of the bed.  He hesitated a moment there, but ultimately tore himself away with the hopes to find a scrap of paper and a pen.
Castiel wouldn’t look at him. “I guess... I just never thought about it much. Never really thought I’d get here,” he said with a vague hand gesture.
They walk up the laid stone path and Jack beats Sam to an enthusiastic knock on the front door with a chipper early morning smile plastered on his face.  They wait for what feels like forever, though in reality must only be a few moments.  Jack leans over the side rail of the porch and cups his hands to the dirty window.
Dean considered the question as he tapped the end of his pen against his chin.  “Not at the moment,” he decided with a slow spread of his lips, “Just wanted to point out I came on time.”
“What’s up, Ron?” Dean finally asked, when it seemed like the guy wasn’t going to forfeit the staring contest.
“I’ll try.”  He pulled his messenger bag across his chest and shouldered his laptop carrier before gathering up his trenchcoat in his arms.  “Well, if you change your mind, don’t hesitate to--”
“Oh, fuck-- oh, fuck-- oh, fuck,” Dean was chanting a litany.  Eyes screwing shut, Dean thought he might actually be going blind.  His hips jerked off the bed and his muscles seized up like he was shocked by that very same livewire.  His mouth fell open in a silent shout as thick ropes of cum splashed across his stomach and up his chest, a high-pitched keen finally escaping him.
,” he began to moan over and over, when Castiel stopped giving him the attention he craved.  The familiar syllable was grating against his ears like fingernails on a chalkboard.  “Cas, please!  I love you, Cas!”  He was restlessly rocking his hips again, working the denim lower.  “Need you, Cas,” he begged, broken just as Dean had sounded the last time.  “Need your pitiful excuse for a cock in my whore mouth!”  A depraved cackle erupted from his throat.
It was a small office, stuffed to the brim with dusty and torn volumes on sculpture and other mediums.  All things Castiel considered necessary, but in reality he hadn't cracked most of their spines in years.  He still liked to thumb through some of their pages when he had the spare time though to justify keeping them around at all.
Cas babbled off the recipe from the blog, his voice tinged with enthusiasm now for the first time all night. Much like the intro on a recipe blog, Dean didn’t retain any of that information, but he knew then that he’d endure about a hundred more of these disgusting things if it meant he could keep that look on Cas’ face.
It strikes him again that he and Dean are indeed alone in the bunker, Dean now sans Impala, and he knows he told himself if Dean didn't want to talk he couldn't force him, but maybe that wasn't necessarily true.  Maybe the only way to get Dean talking was to have the conversation anyway.
Cas released a long, deep groan at Dean’s smothered whimpers. The grip on him relented when Cas’ eyes blinked open to see Dean’s shining, green eyes gazing up at him the way a praying man turns to God; with an intoxicating mix of reverence and fear. Cas slid out of his mouth then, saliva trailing in a gossamer string, and Dean sucked in a gasping, reedy breath. He barely caught up to himself before Cas was sliding back in again, slower.
Dean groaned.  “Ugh, I know,” was all he said, but he could think of a handful of things he should be punished for at this point in time, so it wasn’t totally off the mark.  He’d be surprised if Professor Novak didn’t fail him on principle.  What’s more, Dean wouldn’t even blame him.  Only himself.  “Have you picked your pieces yet?”
The entire weekend Castiel had reluctantly weighed his options.  He had attempted not to think anything about Dean at all, even went so far as to focus on grading course work and rearranging some lesson plans, but as with most things regarding Dean, that didn’t work.  He had no choice, but to confront himself.  Really look long and hard in the proverbial mirror.  Which was no easy feat, because at the end of the day, Castiel didn’t know the real Dean.  He only had the faintest idea he’d created from one hazy, drunken night and weeks worth of poorly disguised observation.  He had put that golden idea of Dean up on a pedestal from the second he laid eyes on him.  Dean had been an object worthy of admiration and intrigue.  Lust.  Viewed only through rose-tinted glasses.  But that was before the universe decided to play its hand.  Castiel never allowed for the possibility that Dean could be so much more than an idea.  That Dean could be just as much of a mess as he was.  Just as broken.  Just as human.  He realized that now though, looking into his eyes again for what felt like the first time all over again.  An altogether new experience.  A new Dean.  His eyes were vulnerable, but doing everything in their power not to be.  A shuttered window to the real Dean.  And though the lighting in the Roadhouse was dim, the glow of the tacky string lights provided Castiel with just enough light to see the truth for what it was.
Releasing him, Cas shrank with a subtle nod, smoothing out his dress shirt.  “Thank you,” he said with a tight smile, collecting his bags.  “Have a nice Valentine’s Day.”
“Definitely!  Dean and I were just about to check it out together before he ditched me,” she ribbed, sticking her tongue out at Dean.
John barely made a peep from the head of the table.  Face as stoic as ever.  “About time,” he said simply.  Maybe a small smile that Dean would miss if he weren’t searching for it his whole life.  He couldn't even remember a time he'd heard his Dad say anything else.
Contemplatively, Dean accepted it.  “What, you mean with Lisa?”  He took a quick hit even though he knew he shouldn’t, narrowing his eyes against the burn of the hazy purple smoke.
Damien swung his legs around to face his back to Castiel, still seated in his lap, mimicking the obscene movements of riding his cock.  The muscles in his thighs tensed as he lifted and dropped repeatedly, somehow figuring out Castiel’s newfound obsession with that side of him.  His shoulders moved like waves, light freckles and glitter dancing playfully across his sweaty skin.  He noticed the distinct smell of ripe strawberries.  But Castiel was at war with his senses.  He wanted to touch and taste and smell.  He wanted to hear what kind of sounds this divine creature could make, what sounds he could elicit from him specifically.  But all he was allowed to do was look and he didn't even have complete control over himself.  When Damien reached back to slip his own finger under the lace band, Castiel didn't try to hide the moan forming in his throat.  His hands unclenched and tried to find their way to replace the others, but he managed to stop himself short.  The moan turned into a cry of frustration.  Another chuckle.
“Yeah, thanks, I know!”  He kind of hated the shrill tone of her voice that he’d known was coming, but he figured it would do him good to get a bit of a kick in the ass, even if that came in the form of a small red-head.  “But, that’s why I’m here, isn’t it?  Moral support?”  He reached down and tugged his laptop out of his backpack and opened it, emphatically pressing the power button.  “See!  I’m workin’ on it!”
“Eventually.  Couldn’t handle you everyday,” he ribbed.  “Just, I dunno.  Want to fall asleep and wake up to your ugly mug one of these mornings without you needing to rush home.  Make you some breakfast and get you your friggin’ coffee so you’re not such a bitch.”  Sheepishly avoiding Castiel’s eyes, he added, “...But I’m not gonna ask for the moon or whatever.  I can deal.  Just… I mean it, y’know?”
“Anna,” he started, voice still roughened and laced with sleep and pent up aggravation, “It’s the middle of the night.  If I’d wanted to talk to dad by now, I would have called you back already.  Deathbed apologies are too little, too late.  So, please!  Stop calling me!”
He chews his lip as that little ellipse bounces around again for what feels like forever; his anxiety eats through his nerves the longer it goes on, not being able to fathom the essay he was surely about to receive, when suddenly it disappears altogether.
“What’s for me?”  John asked, coming in from the garage.  His hands were covered in motor oil and he wiped them on a rag.  Dean offered out the beer for him and he shoved the dirty rag in his back pocket before taking it.  “Like you read my mind.”
“No, you know what?” he asked, spinning back around, scolding finger pointed like a gun.  “I’ve had a really long fuckin’ night,
“Of course, Dean.  You’re very impressive,” Castiel flatly placated, taking the coffee, but he was actually lowkey impressed and his coffee tasted better for it.
Castiel was suddenly relieved and mortified all at once.  How did he just somehow manage to convey to his unbearably straight roommate he had a preference for gay orgies?  How did Dean Winchester always seem to make him say the dumbest shit?
Wiping the fluorescent cheese dust from his fingers onto the front of his shirt, Dean rolled his eyes at his obnoxious younger brother’s whiny persistence.  “Let me get this straight… You came all the way over here to drag me out of the house?”
“I think you’re older than me and it is what it is,” he conceded with a shrug.  “Your age doesn’t really bother me.  Does my age bother you?”
“I dunno.”  Dean chuckles, but it’s awkward.  How could it not be?  “You’re not having second thoughts or anything, are you?  About what happened last night.  About us, I mean.”
“I know.”  If anything, the statement caused Dean to latch on more firmly.  “Wish you could stay,” he said meekly, catching Castiel’s eyes as he said it.  To show him entirely just how much he meant it.  Meant the words he’d tried to say before.
Castiel headed down the narrow hallway towards the bathroom and locked the door behind him.  He was starting to question his own sanity due entirely by the fact he’d agreed to come back to this house.  To sit opposite of Dean Winchester after everything that had happened between them, and force himself not to think of any of it.  To think of Dean and the way his fingers imprinted themselves in his bare skin.  Or the way Dean’s breath wavered whenever he’d been overcome by sensation.  To think of the way Dean had said his name then. Said ‘Cas’ just now.  All of it marred by visions of black ooze and spitting venom.
Aaron stood in the middle of the bathroom, hands coated in dried, caked clay, looking between the door and Dean.  He was high too, but it didn’t seem to be affecting him much from what Dean could tell.
Sam places his pen down and just looks between them and back at Jack. “Um,” he starts, “How do you know that word, Jack?”
Castiel took his time packing away his things, absently pondering over whether he could get away with not leaving his apartment, or better yet, his bed, for the whole weekend as everyone cleared out.  Gathering his trench coat and laptop carrier, he headed out the classroom door and took the stairs down to the basement.  It was always warmer down there than the rest of the building due to the ceramic kilns, so as if on autopilot he instinctively loosened his tie before searching his pockets for his office key.  As he brought the key up to the knob, he realized his door wasn't locked after all.  In fact, it was precariously cracked open a fraction of an inch.  He pushed it open.
“Consistent is Predictable’s positive cousin,” he mimicked.  It sounded like something Mrs. Barnes had said to him before.
Falling forward on his forearms, his chest flushed and heaving, Castiel sucked Dean’s lower lip between his teeth.  “Cum in me,” he spat.  “Want to feel you cum.”
The stairs groaned and when they came to the third floor, Dean hesitated as they stood before apartment 3B.
Castiel took the holy water in his hand once more and he dribbled the last remaining drops on Dean’s wrists just to be sure.  No burning, no welts.  Thrusting the crucifix into his slack hands, he checked this too.  No reaction.
Balthazar nodded his thanks to the waiter as Castiel peered over the top of his menu.  “I’m almost positive that's just called alcoholism.”  He didn't argue further as he reached for his drink.  He couldn't argue because unfortunately he was feeling a bit better already.  Castiel continued perusing the menu despite knowing exactly what he wanted.  A Denver omelet with a side of melon.  He had ordered the same thing every time they went out to brunch without fail, always telling himself one of these days he would change his order.  Today wasn't that day.
They squabbled for a moment in hushed whispers over what Castiel presumed was the silverware debacle, but then Lisa untied her apron and smoothed out her dress and flashed Castiel a cloying smile.  “You shouldn’t have to see us bicker,” she said, patting down her flyaway hairs.  “Please, sit, Father.”  She gestured to the open chair as well.
Delicately, Castiel laid a hand against the side of Dean’s face, bringing his focus in.  Reluctantly, Dean let himself be guided, blinking away any evidence of moisture from his strained eyes.
The kitchen didn’t have a door, only an empty frame, which was how he could tell Castiel was going to have one hell of a stiff neck when Dean found him slumped over the kitchenette table, blearily grading papers as he took an absent sip from his coffee mug.
Dean toyed with it between his fists, but finally just went with it.  He shrugged a shoulder.  “Okay.  Sure, why not?”  He was staring down at the thing like he was trying to puzzle together its existence between his fingers.
Castiel could hear the embarrassed blush in Dean’s tone as much as he could see the silhouette of Dean bringing a hand to the back of his neck.  The dull drone of the organ music filled the empty air from outside the confessional as they sat uncomfortably in shared silence.  Maybe it was inappropriate to ask, but how else would Dean be fully absolved if he didn’t address his sins directly.
Dean rolled his eyes and shook his head.  Guy really loved playing semantics.  “And what if it was?  The fuck does that matter?”
“Yes, well, I panicked.  As it turns out, I guess I’m not very good at following orders.”  Michelangelo jumped up on Castiel’s lap and butted his chest for attention, so he absently scratched the scruff behind his ears, mulling this whole thing over.  “I’ve made everything worse, haven’t I?”
Wordlessly, he stripped back down to his boxers, depositing his clothes in a pile on the rug, and he laid himself down in the empty space he’d occupied before.  Dean was facing him this time, still not quite asleep, and when Castiel lay still, Dean nestled himself into Castiel’s side like he belonged there.  And who was Castiel to argue now?  It felt like he did.  He wrapped his arm around him and rested a hand on Dean’s shoulder, fingers idly sweeping circles over the under the sleeve of his worn t-shirt.  He could feel the second Dean drifted off again in the pocket of warmth they carved out for themselves.
It wasn’t all just physical though.  There was the fact that man felt so comfortable and at ease groping him.  Dean was an object that could be bought for a price.  Apparently that price afforded total strangers access to Dean’s body without his consent despite the clear rules stating otherwise.  It was rare that Dean genuinely wanted any of his customers to touch him back.  But what was Dean going to do?  Go to the police?  Tell them that a man sexually assaulted him while working at one of the seediest clubs in the city?  A club known on the streets for its liberal service of happy endings?  No.  No cops.  Dean wasn’t going to risk losing the pay or the place to stay.  He was hoping he hadn’t already jeopardized either just from what happened last night.
Smiling shyly in return, Dean bowed his head to hide his blush.  If anything, he’d been pissing himself more about the prospect of Lisa inviting him inside again than the party he was unwittingly going to tomorrow.  He didn’t know why he couldn’t just be honest with her, but he’d been trying the whole drive over and now here they were and he wasn’t saying anything worth a damn.
Backing him against the wall, Cas stroked them languidly like they had all the time in the world to draw this out; and he supposed maybe they did now what with having no one home and no place else to be, but Dean didn’t want it slow with Cas; they’d gone slow enough already.
“Balthazar, I know I said some hurtful things to you and I wish I could say I didn’t mean any of it, but the truth is I meant what I said.  I meant it, but I’m still sorry I said it.  I wish I could change it... put it behind us and move forward like we always have.  Even with everything that’s happened between us, I don’t know where I’d be without you in my life.  You’re my best friend and I--”
“Yeah, she’s staying with her mother up in Atchison.  Somehow, we convinced her not to press charges.  Said he was sick.  Real unwell.  Better for the baby this way.”
“Cas?”  Dean had lowered his blade, soles of his boots crunching against the wet straw strewn about the sea of blood on the barn floor.  He sounded disbelieving, hesitant.  In all truth, he sounded frightened.  He approached from behind with a healthy dose of caution that if Castiel hadn’t been the monster he’d become he might’ve even had the gall to be offended.
Sam shrugs.  “It’s just what he does, when he’s trying to protect... himself sometimes, but usually, it’s what he does when he’s trying to protect me.  He’s done it since we were kids I guess, but I can always tell.  I’m not sure who he’s trying to protect this time.”
“Fuck, Cas--” he panted.  “Please,” he said more than once without specifying for what he was begging.
Dean spit out a bitter laugh.  “Money? You think I want your money?  Jesus.  Well, ain’t that sweet,” he muttered, scathingly.  He plucked at the loose string on his denim jeans as he bounced his knee, clearly trying to contain himself.  “You know, you’re real different when you’re sober.  Anyone ever tell you you’re kind of a dick?”
“Good.  Because I never have.  Already you’re more qualified to wear it than I am.  And truth be told, I think it would suit you better than it does myself.”
Sam gives a curt nod, absorbing Dean’s abrasive behavior, but it doesn't seem to sway him.  He avoids Dean’s tired glare.  In a voice hardly above a whisper, he asks, “Was it Lisa?”
Dean staves off another embarrassing blush, wiping the tracks on his cheeks with his palm and releasing his lip from his teeth with a heavy, labored breath. “You still gonna be sayin’ that when you have to change my diapers?”
Benjamin was a quiet baby.  He made hardly a fuss, of which Castiel was thankful for.  He was never very good with children as it were.  Quietness made him alright by Castiel’s standards.
Castiel clumsily shook his head, but it made the vertigo worse.  “You hardly spoke to me on the walk home.  I think you are.”  After barely a moment of silence, he sputtered, “Why don’t you like me?”
“Hey, don’t talk like that,” he found himself saying, “There’s gotta be something here that’s still edible.”
“Oh my god,” she droned, gripping one of her fuzzy accent pillows and whipping it at Dean’s perturbed face.  “You’re so jealous, it’s gross,” she said while Dean sputtered.
“Then you better write fast,” Castiel replied evenly, returning to the front table and taking a seat behind it.  “Any more questions?”  When no one said anything, he started the slides.
Rising from his seat, he started again, “You know, if this whole professing thing doesn’t work out, you should go into sales...”  Dean slowly rounded the corner of the desk, imposing himself into Castiel’s space not for the first time.  With one hand pressed flat on the desk and the other on the back of Castiel’s chair, Dean leaned in, breath hot and voice like velvet against his ear, “...’cause those sure as hell don’t sound like bad selling points to me.”  His soft lips grazed the shell of Castiel’s ear and, despite all efforts to the contrary, a small gasp managed to escape between his own, causing Dean to let out that familiar, mocking chuckle at Castiel’s expense.  “Yeah, that’s what I thought.”
Something in him must have sounded broken, because Dean did wait, but none of his apprehension bled out.  If anything, it increased tenfold as he turned to face Castiel again.  “Why the fuck are you here?” he asked with a voice as sharp as a razor.
It only took a few more driven thrusts before Castiel was hurtling over the edge with him, cock twitching deep inside Dean’s clenching ass as he filled the condom.  And then he just fell on top of him in a heap without even caring they were now both coated in Dean’s jizz.
Castiel decided then, before he finally fell asleep, that whatever darkness managed to seep itself into Dean’s life wasn’t going to be from him.
Suddenly, the left pocket of his pants vibrated as he received an incoming text.  Pulling the phone out, he swiped at the screen.  It was from his close friend and colleague, Balthazar, who had insisted years ago that they become close for the simple fact they taught in the same department and were both ‘flaming homosexuals’.  He was presented with a text message asking if he wanted to get together that weekend and as he began to reply with a negative based entirely on what happened last time, a second bubble appeared ensuring Castiel that he wouldn't take no for an answer.  And it was in that simple statement alone that Castiel was flooded with hazy memories of the exact circumstances under which he had known the young man apparently named Dean Winchester and he cursed every vicious god in the sky for whatever he did to deserve this.
“Well, Dean, technically a Zygote would be the result of having unprotected sex. I think it counts just as much as ‘Squats’ did.” Cas says it all nonchalant, despite Dean feeling like this is the worst betrayal.
Crossing the crosswalk, Dean lowered himself down on one of the worn benches overlooking the dark water, seemingly entranced by the slow blinking lights across the shore playfully dancing across the surface.  Absently, he calculated how easy it would be to just jump the rail, but he wasn't that far gone, so he laughed the notion away.
He climbs the few steps into the library which is also apparently empty. Setting down the pizza and beer on one of the research tables, he wanders down the hall mumbling to himself that the pizza is going to get cold and the beer is going to get warm. He pops his head into a few of the obvious rooms, but still nothing. Descending a staircase further into the bunker, he finally hears murmuring coming from somewhere down the hall. Since when did an underground bunker need a basement? He doesn't remember there being a basement either, but he chocks it up to the fact he never explores much outside his room and the kitchen.
Dean grinned down at him, messing up his already messy hair.  “Amen to that... But hey y’know, off the record, are you really into orgies?”
Castiel angled his chin in provocation, daring to rub his open palm against Dean’s bulge.  He didn’t even need to think about what he’d do.  “I’d tell you to prove it,” he dared.  The thrill that coursed through him at the contact made him only that much harder and Dean’s cock twitched under his hand.
Leaning forward, he haltingly dangled a line of spit to the tip.  The display was enough for Castiel’s cock to twitch with anticipation in Dean’s hand.  He was already thick and flushed pink at the head and Dean stroked him, long and languid, spreading his saliva along his shaft with his fingers, until a small bead of precum formed at the tip.
Dean snorted and bashfully scratched at the back of his neck.  “I’ve thought about you too,” he admitted with a shy, crooked smile.  It was endearing in a way that the typically cocky, self-assured Dean was not and it was then that Castiel decided to take the leap.
In an instant, Dean’s expression shifted to mocking amusement.  “You truly never learn, do you?”  Encroaching on his space, Dean stalked towards him and crouched to eye level.  Knife glinting.  “Your empty words won’t work, Castiel!”
He brought the phone back to his ear then and let his teeth sink into his lip until the flesh turned white.
After about five loops around the neighborhood, they managed to find a parking spot and pulled up along the curb of a busy downtown street.  Almost as soon as Dean shifted the car to park, Sam and Jess were reaching for the door handles, but Dean wasn’t budging from behind the wheel.
Dean’s face was set in stone, but when the car door slammed shut, he winced.  Still, he watched Castiel shield himself from the rain and up the front walk before he put her in reverse and drove home.
Castiel smiled.  “And, I suppose, to answer your question, perhaps it should bother me,” he said slowly, “but, truthfully, I can’t find it in myself to care about what I should or shouldn’t do lately.  All I’m sure about is that I’ve grown quite fond of you, Dean.  I can’t quite seem to help myself around you.”
He followed Castiel down the stairs, silent the whole way, but as soon as the exit door swung open he was going off again.  “I don’t see what the big deal is here, I was simply looking out for your best interests!  I mean really, I was doing you a favor.  You would have regretted it in the morning,” he rambled, but Castiel wasn’t interested in what Balthazar had to say.
Maybe what everyone kept saying was getting to him a little bit and instead of potentially ruining whatever close bond he and Dean seemed to have formed lately, Castiel opted for the tried and true method of ‘If you can’t beat them, join them.’  It seemed like the perfect solution a few minutes ago, at least until Castiel realized what he just said.
Without thinking, Dean captured Castiel’s lips in a bruising kiss.  Teeth knocking together on contact, but Dean didn't care.  Not even about the fact Castiel’s tongue had been in his ass or the fact he was probably just telling Dean the shit he wanted to hear.  He captured Castiel’s bottom lip between his teeth and licked his tongue over it and Castiel returned it before pulling away to place a calming hand to the side of Dean’s face.
Castiel gaped.  “No.”  He had waited what felt like all night, but he never really thought about what he wanted to say once he found him.  And here he was, and Castiel was speechless.  “No, that’s not why I’m here,” he said, “I wanted to speak with you.”
Cas made his way around him, inspecting before he threaded Dean’s wrists through the tunnel between his knees. He bound them to the rope around his ankles, propping Dean’s ass high on display, and Dean had surprisingly little to say on the matter.  He loved being bound in any capacity, so long as Cas didn’t leave him there to dwell again, but he pushed that thought aside when he could still feel the presence of Cas' eyes trained on him. Rooting around on the bedside table, Cas snatched the bottle of lube left out from earlier and dripped it on his length with a few perfunctory strokes. Dean sucked in a sharp breath when Cas approached him from behind and a few slick fingers roughly probed at his hole like he was little more than breeding stock. They slipped in far too easily for Cas’ liking. He made a short, dissatisfied sound before tossing the bottle on the bed beside him.
“That's true, it must feel monotonous staring at nudity that frequently.”  Castiel supposed that was intended as a joke so he gave a polite huff, but Naomi wasn't usually funny, not deliberately.  “You get used to it.”  He stared awkwardly at her, wondering if this exchange was over.  He could say with certainty now that he was hoping it was.  “Yes, well, that is all for now so I won't keep you, but keep up the good work and we will continue to acknowledge your progress.  It could lead to promising things in the future.  Goodnight, Professor Novak.”
Balthazar had every reason to come to that conclusion, yet Castiel still felt like he was just punched in the stomach.  He wanted to hit rewind and suck all those words back into himself because he didn’t mean it.  Not really, he tried convincing himself again.
He squinted and shifted his focus back to the man in the suit, sizing him up.  “Where’s Mrs. Birdell?”
A reedy groan forms in his throat and his eyes fly open, taking in the sliver of early morning light peering through the heavy drapery.  The light hurts his eyes and he finds he can’t look at it without flinching.  His hairline beads with pearls of sweat and his bare skin slips against the silk sheets beneath him.  A sudden sense of dread overcomes him; and it’s then, Dean realizes, he's naked without the faintest idea where he’s woken up.
“Last week, when we were at the grocery store, Dean said a rude man in the parking lot was a ‘dildo’ for driving in front of us.”
“Different demons have different faces.  I- I’d never seen one in person.  Not until I’d confronted it in Dean’s subconscious.”
“And that would’ve been preferable to you,”  Castiel uttered like he’d just fully understood.  “You instead of Sam?”
Sam edges closer to the woman, not wanting to spook her any more than she already is.  “My name is Sam and we came to save you, we’re here to help, but we also need your help too.”
Dean’s cock was leaking over his fist and Castiel didn’t know how much longer he could keep up this pace, but the answer came suddenly Dean was coming with a crying shout, back arching against his chest.  His cum shot over his hand and thighs as he took Castiel’s cock through the entire ordeal.  The muscles of his ass clenched and stroked him as it slid inside him as deep as he could go.  He bit down on his shoulder and rocked into him until he felt skin break.  Not so long after Castiel was coming too; hot, thick ropes painting the inside Dean’s ass as they continued to milk each other through the motions.
Garbage bags now in hand, Dean held them as far away from himself as he possibly could and headed out the rear exit towards the dumpsters.  Immediately, his breath caught in his lungs and his stomach protested.  The smell was rancid.  Pinned in between three brick walls, the place never caught a breeze.  And honestly, he wouldn’t be surprised if something crawled back here to die on principle.
Charlie practically flipped her laptop onto the bed.  “Professor Roche!?  You’re kidding!  They couldn’t be any less alike if they tried!”
“I see,” hummed Castiel.  “She’s a nice girl.”  He wasn’t sure where he was aiming with the remark, he was just pulling out anything to take the target off himself.
Taking a few minutes longer, Jack peruses the aisles with the hopes he will find something green for Sam.  Maybe it doesn’t have to be green, but Dean says it enough that Jack has come to understand that anything green has to be healthy.  He has no such luck, though.  Most of the food here is toxically vibrant hues of red and orange, maybe the hint of blue in the slushie machine.  Jack grabs a bag of Funyuns simply because it sounds like the word ‘onion’ and he can see through the glass that Sam is replacing the gas nozzle into the pump.
To Dean’s surprise, both Cas and Jack ask in unison, coupled with an eerily similar tilt of the head. Sam tells Jack the Merriam-Webster standard definition and luckily, the kid accepts that at face value; it still works with the running theme of the game. Cas isn't buying that though and he seems especially perturbed that Dean used a word that he hasn't learned. “Thought you knew everything,” Dean jibes. He rolls his eyes at Cas’ creased brow, but leans over in his seat and cups a hand by the side of his own mouth anyway. “Ain't the dick, ain't the ass,” whispers Dean, a little too closely. Maybe it's from the beer. Thankfully, Jack’s hearing is something he inherited from his mother. When Dean pulls away, Cas looks as confused as ever.
“I’ve seen you before,” Dean accuses.  “At the night market.”  He suddenly gasps at the gnawing ache— he’s never felt this way before, not even when sacrificing his meals during lean season. He clutches the bed post for support, yet still he trembles, feeling like he’s been dosed with opium and arsenic.  “What have you done to me?”
He sat there for a few moments more even, head falling back on the seat as he closed his eyes, mustering up the courage to open the car door.  It was quiet out here in the car and no one expected anything from him out here.  Just the gentle summer breeze blowing through the rhododendron blooms.  The sweet smell carried through the crack in the window as Castiel inhaled deeply through his nose.  His hand found its way into the inner breast pocket of his trench coat on automatic impulse and he clasped the gold band, toying with it between his fingers before slipping it on the third finger of his left hand.  Instantly, he felt heavier than he had all day.
Clearing his hoarse throat, he announced, “If anyone needs assistance or clarification, please do not hesitate to write me an email or visit my office hours after class.”
“Hey, Bobby, c’mon in,” Dean chuckled when they parted.  He wasn’t really used to getting hugs from people other than his mom, but for whatever reason, Bobby always insisted.
Up until now, Dean had done a pretty swell job of keeping his life compartmentalized, but he didn’t really have any other choice now, did he?
Dean was resolutely cramming his homework into his backpack, only a few minutes left of this mundane form of torture for the day, when Castiel said, “Give me a ride.”  Dean was about to spit a vehement rebuttal, before Castiel clarified.  “My bike’s still missing and Crowley won’t wait around for me after school.  Give me a ride every day after detention and I’ll help you with Chemistry.”
“Yeah, I got it.”  Dean shot him an annoyed glare as he got to his feet.  “You’re hilarious, by the way,” he deadpanned.
After what felt like an indistinguishably long amount of time and yet another paying customer leaving satisfied, the man at the end of the hall alerted Castiel with a sharp whistle.
Castiel’s jaw tightened, fingers clenching around ceramic.  “I’m not sure what you’re implying,” he tried for steely indifference, but fell short by a mile.
He was half way through describing the controversy of depicting the divine imagery of being touched by God through the sexualized nature of someone mid-orgasm when his classroom door creaked open.
Dean was trembling.  Whether it was from the cold drafting through the apartment or from nerves, he couldn’t tell, but goosebumps were pricking up on his skin and the part of his brain responsible for breathing went offline.  Eyes squeezing shut again, he nestled his face further into the pillow, preparing for the worst.
It only takes a few minutes to sort his dirty clothes into the laundry basket in the corner and to line the few smaller blades back up on the shelf behind his headboard.  He tosses the shell of the duffle in the corner beside his dresser and looks back to the bed with a longing ache deep in his chest.  The pressure escapes his throat with a drawn-out, muffled groan as he scrubs his hands over his face.  He just wants to sleep, but he can’t.  Not till tonight when he won’t have to suffer through another inquisition just for doing it.  Standing with his finger over the lightswitch, he offers his bed one last longing look before releasing a hefty sigh and flicking off the switch.
Ash brushed it off and said, “Bendy Lisa will be there,” like some sort of bribe as he wagged his eyebrows, receiving an eye roll and a chuckle from Dean, and then he disappeared back into the house.
“Yeah, sorry,” Dean breathed, shrugging his jacket back on, “Just changed my mind.”  Slinging his bag over his shoulders, Dean hazarded a weary glance at Aaron who was reaching for his own shirt where he sat on the edge of his bed, confusion and hurt evident on his face.
“What did he do?  Did he hit you?”  When Sam said “no”, the tension building in Dean’s gut slowly bled out, but he still wasn’t relieved entirely.
He looked down to their clasped hands settled on his lap, to the intimate way Castiel was stroking his thumb with his own, and he found this wasn’t as hard as he’d always imagined it would be.  Maybe it was just the company.
They approach the first door on the right because it seems as good a choice as any. With a swift kick to the door jamb, the door swings open and bounces off the wall with a loud thud. “Shit,” mutters Dean under his breath. Aside from the papers strewn across the floor and over the desk top, there’s really nothing out of the ordinary here. Jack walks over to the desk to scramble through the few desk drawers just to be thorough.
“Oh, no, Charlie, I’m fine,” assured Castiel, attempting a polite rejection, even going so far as to subtly edge away, except at the exact same time it left his mouth he was unintentionally elbowed in between the ribs.
Castiel’s other hand found its way to massage the nape of Dean’s neck.  It took everything in him not to thrust up into the welcoming heat of his mouth.  Luckily, he didn’t have to abstain for long.
Heavily, he shifted himself off and slumped in the dirt; heart racing, mind blank, and shirt soaked in his lover’s fresh blood.  The silence around him was deafening.  The headlights of Dean’s car shone spotlights between the densely packed trees like a beacon telling him to run, but he couldn’t run.  It wasn’t as if he had anywhere to go.
“Al’s?  You mean the fucker that clearly slipped you tainted drugs?  I’m actually allowed there now?  What day is it again?”
When Castiel answered only in pitiful noises, he snaked a wide, warm palm up the inseam of Castiel’s thigh and asked, “...You still love me don’tcha, Cas?”
Dean turns to toss his mug in the sink, splashing whatever coffee was left in the basin.  His hands clutching the counter, chin tilting up, as he stares off into space somewhere near the ceiling.  Honestly, he’d rather be anywhere else than having this conversation.
Gesturing towards the hallway, Sam nods, “I’m gonna go get settled in... Then, I guess, we can try to scrounge around the kitchen and whip up something to eat?”  He tries to meet all of their eyes, but Dean is rubbing the corners of his with the heel of his hand and Jack is back to fiddling with the flashy games on his phone.  Cas doesn’t have any luggage, so he slumps into a chair by the nearest table.   “Okay, cool.  See you guys in twenty, I guess,” he resolves with a shrug.  Not too long after, Jack follows Sam’s lead and carries his things down the hall towards his room, door closing with a thud that echoes down the empty corridor.
“‘Cause I love you, Cas,” he answered in Dean’s cadence, like it was clear as a blue sky on a spring day.  No other answer in the world more obvious.  A sickening marionette display.
It was a good memory.  Back then, Castiel had always made him feel like they could do anything, like they were invincible.  Hell, back then he probably would’ve believed they could get away with murder ... But it was a good memory, even if that was all it was.
There were more people out there than before and their faces bordered on unrecognizable at best and monstrous at worst and he couldn’t focus on any one thing to save his life other than the fact that Dean Winchester was stood on the other side of the room, and he could feel his eyes on him.  For whatever reason, in a sea of black,  Dean’s face was harder to look at than the rest.
'Sacred and Profane' was an actual exhibit of Michelangelo drawings on loan from Casa Buonarroti in Italy.
Dean’s fingers grasp at his throat, swallowing thickly.  He stumbles over to the mirror then just to get a good look at it: at the scabbed over wounds just above his clavicle, before a sickly understanding overtakes him once more.  “What have you done to me?” he repeats, jaw clenching and voice wavering with anger and disgust.
He hangs his keys up on the hook by the door and wordlessly toes out of his boots, awaiting some form of a reply.  He hears Cas offer a vague acknowledgement from his room and Dean rolls his eyes out of sheer force of habit— that’s the sound Cas makes when he’s all but consumed by his computer screen.
They climbed the stoop and Dean scanned the fading list of names haphazardly taped beside the door until he saw the one labeled ‘J. Novak’.  Hesitantly, he held it down and waited for a sign of life dwelling somewhere within the old place.  After a dithering moment, Castiel’s voice came weakly through the speaker, crackled and rough and only slightly reassuring they were at the right place at all.
“Course I know it, ya idjit.  Would it have killed you to say goodbye to an old coot like me before you left?”
Slumping down on the toilet seat, Dean took a few calming breaths and checked his phone for any messages from his brother.  No texts, but there was a missed call ten minutes ago.  Sammy only called this late for one reason, so without hesitation Dean hit the redial.  It rang a few times, Dean muttering, “pick up, pick up,” under his breath.  On the seventh ring, Sam did.
“We weren’t that close, but I had to deal with my mom all weekend.”  Aaron heaved a sigh and scratched at his patchy beard.  “He’s gonna give me a fucking zero and I can’t even do anything about it.”
“On the contrary.  I think for whatever reason life has been abundantly unfair to both of you and everything you’ve gone through has seemed to make you incredibly resilient.  In our own way, we’re all just trying to survive.  Sometimes that means doing what we have to even if it’s difficult or unfavorable.  So, no, I could never think less of you for it.  If anything, I think the world of you, Dean.”
Dean’s fingers slipped away and were quickly replaced by his hand cupping the side of Castiel’s face and Castiel gasped at the warmth of it.  Leaning in, Dean’s full lips hesitantly brushed against Castiel’s, and when he didn’t pull away, he turned into something else altogether.
Dumbly staring out the window at the rolling rural cemetery as it passed, Castiel just snorted.  “It was one day, Drama Queen.  I think your precious GPA will survive.”
Dean had his backpack strapped over one shoulder and that mysterious, black bag hooked over the other.  How someone could look simultaneously like a model and a pack mule, Castiel would never know.  A shimmering strip of gold fabric was hanging out of the top of the black bag, threatening to fall out, but Castiel really didn’t want to see what it was.  He didn’t need to picture Dean in any other scenarios than the one his subconscious kept thrusting forth every time he closed his eyes at night.  Luckily, his executive functions were in order today, his brain proffering up the first question that needed to be posed.  “How did you get in here?”
She rolled her eyes.  “Not judging, just saying,” she parroted around her frozen yogurt, jabbing her empty spoon at Dean.
Lisa was beautiful.  Long, dark hair, olive skin, brown eyes.  Head cheerleader.  The apple of almost every guy in the school’s eye.  She laughed at his stupid jokes too— Most of the girls at school did, actually, whether they were funny or not.  Asking her to go steady when the summer ended had been easy, but the prospect of it had filled him with unequivocal dread.  It wasn’t as if he’d truly dreaded the thought of rejection, more that he knew she was going to say ‘yes’.  And girls like Lisa... Well, they expected certain things.
“Thanks, buddy,” he says with a curt smile, before taking his clothes into the bathroom with him.  Cas returns to the chair in the corner feeling a few degrees warmer.  He loosens his tie and undoes the top three buttons to his dress shirt as he sinks back against the chair cushions.
Sam is sat with a steaming mug at the table, while he and Jack scour the local obituaries in the newspapers he must have picked up, searching for a new case like they didn't just get back from one.  Out of all the mornings Dean would’ve preferred his coffee in bed, this is at the top of the list, but here he is anyway.
Breathing a small laugh, Dean forces himself to meet Cas’ concerned gaze.  Sure enough, his previously inscrutable face is now chock full of the stuff.  “I’m fine, Cas,” he assuages with palm raised, willing Cas to stay right where he is despite reaching that level of tired where your brain starts to enter overdrive.  Awkwardly, he hooks a thumb over his shoulder, pointing towards the hall and starts to step back.  “I’m gonna put my shit away and get started on dinner.  I don’t trust any of you near a friggin’ stove,” he jokes, but the edge of concern is still coloring Cas’ features as he leaves the library.
“Yeah?  And how’re the grades?”  He was asking Bobby, but his eyes were trained on Dean again as Dean purposely bored holes into the table.
"Did you?”  Based on what Castiel had seen all week, that wasn’t true.  He was either moping or flirting, but who was he to question it.  “I'm glad to hear that."  A slow trickle began to flow into the urinal.
Without even turning, he said,  “For the record, you’re a right bloody wanker, but... you’ve always been worth the trouble,” before he rounded the corner of the Heavenly Host.
Dean chews his lower lip as he watches Cas fidget on the doorstep.  He’d feel like an even bigger dick if he turned Cas away, and he already feels like one all the time as it is.He releases it with another exhale.  “Yeah, okay, sure.  Knock yourself out.”
He gathered up his robe from the carpet and shrugged it back on.  Heading back down the hall to the changing room, he collected his phone out of his duffle bag and then closed the door to the employee toilet and assessed himself privately in the mirror.  The hits were swelling already.  He looked like shit.  The bastard must have been wearing a ring or something, because there was a raised welt in the center of each hit.
Hell, there was even cheap beer here, yet still, the more he thought about it, the more he found something was missing, even now.  He was in Heaven and he should be content, but the more he stewed on it the more he found he wasn’t.
Dean gives Jack a warning side-eye and Jack actually catches the hint, taking a step out of his personal space.  He stirs it again.  “It’s shit is what it is, but it’s all we got.  Sorry it ain’t lasagna.”  Bringing the bottle to his lips, he takes another long pull and throws the dish rag he used to wipe his fingers over his shoulder.
She gestured with her chin towards his hand, soaking through the toilet paper plain as anything.  “Care to explain the hand?”
Dean forcefully tosses a double barrel at his chest, despite the fact he’s the only one packing supernatural heat. “Yeah, Cas, I got it.” He beckons Sam and Jack over to the trunk and distributes the weapons between them, making sure to explain to Jack when and how to use them.
Suddenly, Dean was on him and it all clicked into place.  Lisa.  Benjamin.  A failed experiment.  His face creased.  You were here long before I was, Castiel realized without knowing what to do with it.  The knife fell to the dirt as Dean’s strong hands came to wrap around his throat, squeezing.
Hastily, he wrapped some cheap one ply around his knuckles in an attempt to curb the bleeding and unlocked the door.  He busied himself with arbitrary tasks around the kitchen, thanking whoever that Chuck never asked personal questions, and he was just about ready to throw in the towel and ask Ellen if there was any chance in hell that he might be able to escape this place early and hit up Charlie for an address to some frivolous college party to drown his problems, when Ellen approached him as he was washing down the tables.
“Where do you think you’re goin’?”  The man grabbed for Dean’s wrist and pulled him back into his space.  It hurt.  The skin under his hold burned when Dean tugged at his arm, but he just tightened his grip further.
The whole week, Castiel was waiting for the perfect opportunity to confront Dean.  To do exactly what Balthazar told him to do.  Because God knows, Castiel had no idea.  If it were left up to him, well, things like the museum would happen all the more frequently.
Castiel rolled his eyes and turned to face Michael, who was donning a pair of aviator sunglasses to disguise a very obviously broken nose.  He had two other guys from the football team with him who hung back like a sad excuse for bodyguards.  The fact he felt he needed them was humorous enough as it were.
Hopping his way over to the intercom on one denim-clad leg, he pressed the door button long enough for a sloth to crawl through, though knowing Balthazar, he was probably amped up on at least one substance already.  He always did this when they went out which is why Castiel always avoided going out in public with him at all.  Preemptively opening his apartment door, he went back to his bedroom to change his shirt.  Michelangelo lounged on the bed watching as Castiel instinctively went for his white dress shirt, but as if in silent conversation, he decided against it to prevent the next civil war.  “You’re right, he will complain” he sighed to the cat.  A fitted grey v-neck and his leather motorcycle jacket.  The one Balthazar had forced him to buy because it looked ‘hip’, despite Castiel never having ridden a motorcycle at any point in his life.
Cutting the engine, Dean ran a nervous hand through his neatly combed hair with a huff and the radio cut, taking the mocking melody of Bobby Darin’s ‘Dream Lover’ with it.  In turn, they each took a moment for quiet reflection, nary a glance in the other’s direction, as the sweat collected on their palms and under Castiel’s clerical collar.  Two sets of blinking eyes staring lost out the windshield as the dead grass swayed in the summer breeze.  The only sound filling the cabin of the car was the vacant sound of crickets chirping in the long grass.
“You look hungry,” Castiel noted astutely.  “I probably should have asked this earlier, but I’m out of practice at playing host.  Can I get you anything to eat?”
On Castiel’s commute home, he found himself haplessly stewing on their interaction as well, mindlessly watching the lights of the city blur past the bus window.
“Maybe. Though, I like to believe I had good reason to hope,” he adds and Dean doesn’t miss the reverence there.
But for all intents and purposes, Dean was still a threat.  A threat to the career he had built up for himself and to his comfortability, however mundane.  That had been Castiel’s primary instinct thus far:  Locate the threat and eliminate it before anything bad could happen.  Simple enough.  But things were never so simple, as he was fastly becoming all too familiar.
Rushing past Chuck and Jo and Ellen, Dean set his sights on the bathroom and locked the door behind him.  He washed his hands, fresh wound stinging under the stream of water, and picked tiny bits of brick from his knuckles.  His blood swirled pink down the drain until he could bring himself to look in the mirror over the sink.  He hardly even recognized himself.  Hair on top of his head longer than he remembered, eyes sunken, cheeks gaunt from forgetting to eat half the time and not being able to afford it the rest.  How could he take care of himself when he spent all his time trying to take care of a family that apparently didn’t even need him?
The bouncer, Ash, peered over the top of the latest issue of Busty Asian Beauties; obviously reading it for the articles.  “Kimmi wants to be an astrophysicist.”
Castiel bit his bottom lip to hold back another groan.  He fought to take his eyes off the restrained cock sheathed in dainty black lace, feeling the saliva pool under his tongue, but he finally assented and spread his legs wider.  Welcoming.  Damien took the invitation, sinking down once more into Castiel’s heated lap, knees pinning him in on either side.  He placed one hand on the back of the sofa, one on Castiel’s knee, hovering just out of reach of his almost painful erection and began to rock his hips along with the rhythm.  A tortuously slow pace following some invisible barrier against the curve of Castiel’s groin and stomach.  He clenched his fists as tight as he could to ground himself in the moment causing Damien to chuckle again.
“I might be biased as an educator, but I’m glad you acquiesced to his suggestions,” Castuel said, a tired smile lifting his lips.
Tentatively, he reached out his hands and gripped Dean’s hips, tugging them in towards him and prodding Dean to climb into the empty space in his lap.  Surprisingly, Dean went willingly, placing his bent knees on either side of Castiel’s thighs.
He stopped forcing it so hard and tried to let this new equilibrium find its way back between them. This was easier and Dean was down to do whatever Cas needed from him to feel more comfortable so he didn’t even complain when Cas mentioned downloading a few hookup apps.  Everything starts falling back into place. Nothing about their routines has changed; their conversations stay exactly the same.  And just like Dean had told him before: Cas being gay didn’t change anything for him.
Clearing his throat, Aaron breathed hard through his nose and then he finally blurted out, “I don’t have it,” in a rush of breath.
“Looks like Michael found her first, man,” he ribbed and Gordon and him fell into laughter of their own, “What are you gonna do?”
gotta love a slow burn (don't worry it's more torturous for me than it is for you), but i guess if you start a story out with porn you gotta reel it in! lol
Cas’ eyes dart everywhere besides Sam.  He knows Sam’s right.  If he’d only shared this information sooner, or if he’d spent any time at all reflecting on it instead of what it meant, then they could’ve come to this conclusion before it was too late.  But as it is, Dean’s in trouble and if all turned out ok in the end, there was time for apologies later.
He made his way to the kitchen, cat inerrantly on his heels, as he cracked open a can of ‘Tuna Feast’.  The smell did nothing to help the nausea.
The rest of the ride was painfully quiet.  Dean found Pine Hill in the daylight just as easily as he had in the dark.  There were dogs barking and children playing in the rain, the smell of petrichor and burning leaves, and that one couple a few lots down that never seemed to resolve an argument even still.
It was a small table tucked into the corner of the cafeteria by the floor to ceiling window.  The smell of roasted coffee beans pervaded while a boppy, pop song played over the speakers, giving that authentic coffee shop ambience despite the linoleum tiles and borderline-institutional seating surrounding them.
And despite everything, Dean knew it too.  Salty tears welled up along the red rims of his eyes, threatening to pour over.  “Cas, I can't--” he started, voice broken from years of abuse.  “You can't ask me to do that. I won't lose you too.”
The sentiment should be comforting, but it does surprisingly little to ease him.  He flashes a quick smile and a fond swipe to Cas’ peach-fuzz as he passes him on the way over to the coffee maker.  He wonders to himself how long Cas has had that for anyway.
“Because you’re a self absorbed asshole?”  Castiel might’ve taken offense if he couldn’t feel the muscles in Dean’s cheek twitching with the beginnings of a shit-eating grin.  And also if it weren’t the truth.
“Yeah, okay.  Well, I was at work, obviously.  Had a bad day and this drunk asshole got a little too handsy.”  He flicked his gaze downward to portray his message in an offhand kind of way, but the look in his eyes betrayed his casualness.  “I told him to ‘eat shit’ and spit in his face.  Turns out people don’t take too kindly to that, so he decked me one.”
Castiel was aggravating on a normal day with his stupid, borderline-reckless behavior and his obnoxiously snarky responses, but this day had been trying Dean’s last shred of patience since the moment he woke up and he really wasn’t in the mood to deal with it anymore.
“You can groan all you want, but you still have to do it,” spoke Castiel with a laugh as he closed out of the assignment shown on the projector, revealing his laptop background.  It was his cat, Michelangelo, sprawled out on his back and poorly photoshopped into The Creation of Adam.  The image elicited much snickering and a few girls fawning approval over how fat the cat looked from that angle.  A small smile and slight blush crept across Castiel’s cheeks as he had forgotten he’d changed it while wine drunk.  That just went to show how rare it was for him to have no opened tabs on his work computer.
Jack makes to lift his burger to his mouth again, but it hovers midair between the plate and his face.  “Do you think Dean is lying to us?”
Dean tossed his head back on a boisterous laugh as he laid with his shoulders propped up against his backpack, long legs crossed at the ankle.  “More for me then,” he teased.
Castiel was still coming down from the aftershocks, but the sight of Dean’s cock bobbing out of his jeans ignited a newfound hunger inside of him.  Dean was already leaking for him, propping himself up with both hands planted behind him on the desk.  He didn’t have time to tease.
Castiel ignored the jab, eyes unmoving.  “More than,” he said with a huff.  He ran his fingers through his hair to smooth it, but it only made it worse.
Tossing the book aside as a lost cause, Dean reached over the back of the couch to grab his blanket.  He fluffed his pillow resting against the arm of the couch, and nestled into it, convincing himself it was a lot more comfortable than it actually was.  It had to be because what other option did he have?  As he laid down, facing the back of the couch, he heard the jingling of keys in the door and the soft click of the door jamb.  He heard Benny rustle with his coat and hat, hanging them on the hook by the door as he always does.  Benny paused for a moment behind Dean, but eventually slipped past not wanting to wake him.  Not knowing that Dean wasn’t even fully asleep yet, but Dean pretended to be just to avoid another unwanted interaction.  He could only take so many in a 24 hour time frame and his quota had been met this afternoon in Castiel’s office.
“Dean,” he gasped, clawing for breath.  “Dean, you have to force him out!  Please!  I know you’re in there!  I know you can hear me!  You have to force him out!”
“Sam, the sheriff’s department retrieved the bodies to bring to the morgue only a few hours ago.  I would imagine they must have swept the building again after the fact and it is now considered an active crime scene.  Whatever it is you are hoping to find probably isn’t there anymore.  I think it would be best for us to return to the bunker so that Dean can rest and if it’s necessary to substantiate the case, we can return later once the factory is no longer under investigation.”
“I knew it!” he shouted a little too loudly, disbelieving laugh erupting out of his chest.  “You’re a real fucker, you know that, right?”
Dean’s set his sights on him, gaze flitting from the tanned skin of Cas’ exposed forearms to those deep blue eyes watching him with a look of cool and calculated impassivity. He carded his fingers through Dean’s hair again, tenderly, just because he could. Because he knew Dean was weak to whatever affection he was willing to give. Knew he couldn’t go anywhere right now even if he wanted to. But Dean knew him better than that. Knew the facade. Knew that for whatever power he exerted over Dean, Dean held just as much sway in these moments.
“Sorry, it wasn’t personal.  I left in a hurry.  Didn’t really get a chance to say much of a goodbye to anyone really.”  The implications settled heavily in the empty spaces.
Reaching for the closest object, a shoe, Dean chucked it at the door to chase him away.  He turned back to Castiel looking wholly embarrassed.  “Sorry… about him,” he said, inclining his head towards the door, “He’s just an asshole.”
“What happened to your hand?”  Sam broached  carefully, wiping the corners of his mouth with a paper napkin.
Staring blankly at the filthy brick wall smeared with his blood, Dean blinked back the unshed tears collecting at the corners of his red eyes.  His fists clenched and popped, ready to make contact again with whatever was in range, but he forced himself down, composing himself into the carefully curated thing he presented to the world.  He collected his thankfully unbattered phone, willed his breathing back to normal, wet his dry mouth, and by the time he opened the rear door, he was passable for human.
Cas stands straight, smoothing out his untamed bedhead, and clears his throat.  “Good morning, Dean,” he says with a predatory smile of his own.  He’s in his boxers this morning and only his boxers, and from the looks of it, he’s gearing up for round two as he makes his way over to Dean.  When he reaches him, he hesitantly loops his arms around Dean’s waist and leans in for a surprisingly deft good morning kiss.  It leaves Dean feeling a bit weak in the knees, if he’s being honest.  The situation in his white boxers isn’t helping.
Now it was Castiel’s turn to falter.  He noticed the redirection, but chose to respect it.  “Actually, I wanted to come here,” he corrected, returning a hint of Dean’s venom, “And it’s not--”
Castiel had always had an inkling of a clue, even if he didn’t want to admit to it.  Even if he took advantage of it in his own selfish way.  Balthazar had been in love with him for years and there used to be a time when Castiel idolized him for being a successful, intelligent, proudly and outwardly gay man that just so happened to give a damn about him when no one else had.  That in itself had been a miracle.  And maybe in the beginning, when he was finding his legs, that had seemed like everything, but now it couldn’t hold water because Castiel was all of those things as well.  At least, in modicum.  He couldn’t bring himself to reply;  he reached for his tea instead and let Balthazar believe whatever he wanted.  Maybe that was easier to swallow than the truth.
The confused head tilt was evident in his tone and Dean could picture it clear as anything. “If that's okay?” Dean bit his lip and ran his sweaty palm over the rough denim of his jeans.  “It’s complicated, but I can’t explain it over the phone.”
He unlocked his door and went through the same nightly routine of feeding his cat and then himself.  He showered, roughly dragging fingers through tangled, wet hair, and attempted to masturbate, but he couldn’t.  He didn’t want to tonight, he realized with a sigh.  Not bothering with pajamas either, he crawled into bed and stared at that same browned water stain in the corner of the room.
Lazily he reached for his backpack propped against the far end of the couch and he pulled his Art History textbook out and attempted to read the assigned pages.  He tried for quite a while even, but he couldn’t concentrate.  His mind kept drifting back to Castiel and what he had said to him this afternoon.  Implying Dean was just a body waiting to be bought out.  And Dean had felt so angry at him for saying it.  For implying that all Dean was after was his money.  But was he even wrong?  Dean wasn’t a hooker, but at the end of the day what was really the difference?  It’s not like he wanted to be a stripper, but wanting to be doesn’t matter if you’re out there doing it anyway.
What's more, he was being rudely awoken by Balthazar throwing himself onto Castiel’s prone form.  “Wake up, Cassie,” he urged, shaking Castiel by the shoulders like he was reviving the dead.  “It's a beautiful day and we're going out to brunch!”
Assuming they’re all prepared for worst case scenarios, they split up, each pair heading to opposite entrances of the building. They’re bound to meet in the middle if there’s really nothing here. Unless of course, they meet up with the monster first.
“I told you before and I’ll tell you again:  we are not old.  Besides, you still have a firm behind if this morning was anything to go by.”  Balthazar winked as he took a sip of his mimosa.
“You think you’re ready for me, don’t you?” he goaded lowly, knowing in his tone, as he nuzzled Dean’s neck.
He poked at it, fighting back a smile.  He lifted the lid on his plate to reveal the few meager and burnt offerings Cas had scrapped from the stove and his stomach grumbled in protest. It wasn’t too late to make a drive thru run for burgers, his stomach supplied, but Dean forced it to quiet as he picked up a fork.
Dean, Sam, and Jess ordered theirs first.  Going into this, Dean would have guessed that a guy like Cas would order something like water with a lemon wedge or some fruity cocktail drink, but he didn’t.  To Dean’s surprise, he ordered the same beer as him.  They got the drinks in record time; it was dead as a doornail in there anyway.
“Love you too.”  Dean’s hand was fidgeting with his slacks still bunched around his thighs.  His arm returned, snaking around Castiel’s naked torso in some sort of awkward one-armed embrace.  “...But you really don’t remember my name?”
Castiel smirked.  “I intend to, yes.”  He seemed unphased by Dean’s brashness.  And then his hand was back briefly, three fingers slicking up Dean’s gaping hole and pushing inside without any resistance.  With the same hand, Castiel coated his sheathed cock with the excess and wiped the rest on the blankets.  Scooting himself forward, Castiel laid a hand to the back of Dean’s thigh, holding him open, and with the other he was lining himself up.  He teased the head over Dean’s hole with slow, deliberate passes, pulling small, needy whimpers from him before beginning to press in.
Sheepishly, Dean blushed.  The heat spread to the tips of his ears and he swallowed hard, clenching his jaw as he gripped the leather steering wheel tighter.  “S’not what I meant,” he forfeited.
Castiel balked and paled.  “The, the tub?” he stammered.  “She was found in the tub?”  The thought of the water stain above his bed sent waves of nausea through him.
“Hey, buddy, we’re all good.  This one’s on me.  Hazards of the job or whatever.”  Jack nods into his shoulder and it’s nice.
Dean tried to hide his surprise with an awkward swallow and balked as if that statement made the least sense out of any he’d ever heard.  “Why wouldn’t I be into you?”
“I dunno,”  Dean shrugged again, but he was smiling in spite of himself, “Doesn’t seem so bad.”  He considered eating another gummy worm, poking at it with his plastic spoon.  “But hey, what about you?  You finished it too.  Aren’t you proud of yourself?”
“PB&Js,” Dean said, fighting a goofy smile when Castiel appeared in the doorway again with his arms full and nearly dropped everything to the floor.
Suddenly, Castiel found himself recalling the way he’d imagined Dean not so long ago, spread out for him, and he exhaled hard.  “They were the pink ones,” he said, “Satin.  With lace trim and a bow.”
“Boy, get that outta here,” Bobby said, pushing the hand away.  He tugged Dean into a weird, one-armed, half-assed hug complete with manly clap on the back.
“Cas— Cas— Fuck,” he stammered, tugging on Castiel’s hair to get his attention.  If anything, the action made him suck harder, and Dean moaned over his own words.  “Cas, I want to fuck you,” he managed to say,  “Gonna cum right now if you don’t quit it.”
“Yeah, funny you should say that. I mentioned that to him, but it didn’t seem to matter.  Honestly?  Just seemed to get under his skin.”
Sam rolled his eyes.  “You have to actually interact with other human beings, Dean.  Nobody cares if you don’t know anything about art.  Just look at it.”
For the next couple hours he avoids using the rear view mirror at all.  And luckily, Sam doesn’t bother asking him anything in the car ride home.  He puts his headphones in and listens to some boring podcast about yoga or conditioner or something equally flowery.  He even dozes off a couple times, much to the chagrin of Dean who would kill a guy for a really good nap right now.  But admitting that would just make Sam worry and make Cas that much more annoyed, so Dean says nothing and mentally tapes his eyes open instead.
“Guys?  Guys!  Come back!”  His bloodshot eyes darted around the room, cataloguing his surroundings.
Monday came and Castiel dutifully went to his Figure Drawing class.  He arranged the still life props around the model again which had obviously been moved by the cleaning staff over the weekend and he forced himself to focus only on the task at hand.
The bus ride home was longer than usual, but it may as well have happened in a blink of an eye.  Castiel sat in an unassuming middle seat by the window and let the vibrato of the window pane shake his mind clean.   The passing lights blurred and morphed into abstract shape and color and before he knew it, he was departing at his usual stop across the street from his apartment building.  It looked dull and grey the longer he looked at it.  A lifeless prison containing all of his favorite things.
He groaned as the minute hand slowly inched towards 4 o’clock.  The teacher covering their detention, who obnoxiously insisted on being called ‘Marv’, was long asleep at the desk and his trumpeting snores were enough to make Castiel want to reach for his pocket knife again, but he digressed.  That wouldn’t get him out of there any faster and he hadn’t heard great things about the Kansas judicial prison system.  One of the perks of being an adult now, he supposed.
Dean nodded as if that explained everything.  Dean knew about his father.  It was one of the first things they’d really connected over.  Absent dads and all that.  Still, he didn’t look convinced. “No reason,” he said, “Just, you look good under there, is all.” He clapped Castiel hard on the chest then as they approached the door, but Castiel was stuck like gum on the sidewalk.
“That is an excellent question,” surmised Castiel, as he meandered back over to lean on the podium.  “I’m sure you’re not alone in your curiosity.”
Dean wanted to laugh.  Honestly, he did.  The notion that John Winchester was capable of taking care of anything including himself was laughable at best, but it hurt too much in his chest to expel any air.  If he could take care of a kid, Dean wouldn’t be the way that he was:  A discarded facsimile of what his father used to be.  A cardboard cut out of a person instead of a kid himself.
Much to Castiel’s dismay, Dean didn’t walk away and it was making it that much more difficult to urinate.  Dean angled his body, resting his side against the wall next to the urinal, eyes dead-set on Castiel.  They were bloodshot and from this proximity Castiel couldn’t miss the faint smell of marijuana staining Dean’s clothing.  He couldn't judge though, given the condition he'd been in when they’d met.
“Yeah, you could say that.” Sam huffs uneasily.  “Wendy, she’s uh, she’s dead.  It’s pretty grisly, Cas, I won’t lie.”
Balthazar scoffed.  A bitter noise in the back of his throat as he leaned his head back against the wall.  “Right, and I’m supposed to believe all of this has nothing to do with that snot-nosed brat you won’t stop incessantly whining about.  Talking my ear off about someone that gave you a shitty handjob once upon a time.  One I paid for, mind you!”
Balthazar cast him a pointed look over his shoulder, as if to say, “don't ask stupid questions”.  That's what Castiel was afraid of.  He reached his hands up to uncurl Balthazar’s fist from the front of his shirt as he began pulling away.  “We can't go in there,” he all, but hissed.  “We're well within walking distance to campus! What if someone sees us?”
The way his skin glowed in the morning.  The smell of soap on his clean, freckled skin.  The soft sounds of his breathing caressing Castiel’s chest.  The slow way he’d rocked his hips in an act of quiet desperation.
“Hey, Cas.  Funny seeing you outside,” Dean greeted with a wide, toothy grin and an obnoxious knuckle tap to the wobbly table.   Even his perfect teeth were distracting.  Castiel refused to look at him.
“I found your girlfriend’s underwear in my laundry again,” Castiel stated bluntly towards the floor.  He tossed the pair of pink, satin panties in Dean’s general direction who caught them between his fingers.  Dean stared at them in a peculiar way and swallowed.
“Dean,” Castiel said to get his attention.  “If I could take back the things I said, I would.  I’d do it in a heartbeat.  They’re more reflective of myself than of you.”
“I’ve had a very long week,” Castiel replied, draining his own mug.  His eyes were contemplating whether to study the empty mug in his hand or study Dean.  “You look exhausted.”
“You didn’t want to die,” assures Castiel, as he inches closer, footsteps falling carefully on creaking floorboards.  “I couldn’t let you.  Not again.”
“Sam!” shouts Dean, as he picks open the lock of the top drawer. He doesn’t get a response. When the drawer slides open on the tracks, there’s a blue, velvet hex bag neatly placed on a stack of disheveled manila envelopes. “Go help ‘em,” barks Dean to Jack, motioning towards the door, “I’ll take care of this.” But Jack is hesitant to leave.
“I may have told the woman at the desk we would be celebrating,” Cas offers casually, setting the bottle back in the bucket with an attempt at nonchalance.
It was always this way; this was part of the ritual too.  A pathetic last-ditch attempt at repentance before they said to hell with it all and reached across the leather bench seat anyway.  But this whole thing had always been Dean’s idea, or so he’d imagined.  And Dean always reached first.
“Hannah?” He spoke softly as he shrugged out of his trench coat and hung it by the door.  “Are you awake?”
“No, I enjoy our talks, our time together. I like being here when you come home. Living with you is the closest thing I’ve had to a family in years,” he expresses so easily, and Dean wouldn’t be so envious of how easy it is for him if his own throat weren’t so tight right now.
Right now, Ronald was hobbling over to him, staring intently at the side of Dean’s face while he resolutely kept his sights on his phone screen.  He could smell him more than he could see him;  The worn-out, sun-bleached coat wrapped around him smelled like stale cat piss of all things, but he was harmless, if not just this side of crazy.
And maybe Castiel was watching them, and maybe Castiel had no right to this either, but it seemed like this Aaron person was attempting to flirt with Dean right in front of Castiel’s face.
But sure enough, he turned.  He was real.  Tired, worn down, more than someone his age should ever be, but he was real.  He surveyed the busy street until his sights landed on Dean and he broke out into a world-weary smile that tilted to one side.  His hand came up in a wave, the other grabbing hold of the strap of Dean’s hand-me-down Jansport.
Meanwhile, Jack is scoping out the odds and ends cluttering the bookshelves and fireplace mantle, the family photos on the refrigerator.  He turns a corner, hand on his own weapon just in case, and he stops dead inside the open doorway.
The man clicked his tongue.  “Now, see, it is my business.  Cuz you tryin’ to talk to Damien is a personal issue for me.”  His words sounded overly protective, though Castiel didn’t question it.  Softer, he added, “He’s a good kid, so you better be on your best behavior tonight.”
“There was no need for special treatment, Dean.  How or when you wrote your paper is not of import to me so long as you didn’t cheat.  My job is to grade the work I’ve been handed and that is precisely what I’ve done.  No more, no less.”
Castiel was sprawled out on the comforter like a corpse.  Wet. Haggard.  And like a marble statue, profoundly serene.  The dwindling blue moonlight through the blinds hit the edges of his face in such a way that it gave Dean pause.  It’d been so long since he’d seen him like this, since he’d bothered to really look.  He was vulnerable like this.  He wasn’t anything but himself.  The notion waxed poetic until Dean snapped himself out of it again.
“Yello, Singer speaking,” Bobby muttered gruffly over the landline.  “Anybody there?  Don’t tell me this is another one of them dang prank calls—”
“Oh, no, no, no, of course you are!  You always do.  Your perfection is rather annoying.  I guess I was just bored in my office and hoping for a juicy bit of gossip.”
Luckily for Dean, they must have run down to the convenient store, because the wafting scent of coffee brewing is the only thing willing him to get out of his damn bed.  With bare feet slapping against the cold floor, Dean wraps the tie of his robe around his waist and cinches it, stepping into his slippers at the door, before he turns to walk like the dead towards the fresh promise of caffeine.
“Maybe not, but that’s not what I asked.  Whether she painted ‘em or not, that’s her claim to fame, dude.  She is known for it and she didn’t even do it.  You can’t tell me you mention her name and someone isn’t instantly thinking about pussy, can you?  Hell, I’m thinking about it right now and you are too.”
Resting the paper down on the stack, Dean considered it and snorted.  “I mean, I wasn’t sure if you were for real.  Just didn’t want special treatment,” he said tapping the tips of his fingers against the stack.
Castiel narrowed his eyes, nose still releasing measured, angry heaves of breath.  “You’re jealous,” he stated, not leaving it open for interpretation, because that was what it was.  What it all came down to.  His erratic and cloying behavior for the last month.  Since he came back from his sabbatical honestly.  It was the only explanation.  Castiel watched as he fumbled for the right words.
