Cas’ jumped at the sudden touch and gasped. He’s never been touched like this before. Well, he’s touched himself before, lots of times, but its different when it’s someone else. It’s a whole new level of pleasure that he didn’t think existed.
Castiel softly ghosted his fingers over the skin above the waistband and kissed his stomach one, two, three times before yanking the denim and boxers down and off, throwing them the side. Dean watched as Cas nuzzled his face into the inside of Dean’s thigh and got closer to him. His head fell back to rest his aching neck and closed his eyes, waiting for the feeling of Cas’ mouth on- there it is! Dean’s entire body seized and he reached up and grabbed the solid headboard above him. His toes curled and uncurled as Cas’ worked his mouth up and down him, his tongue lapping over the tip before taking him back in again.
When Jack said he was going to be a “hands-off” kind of god, the hope in Dean’s heart dissipated. But after multiple nights of Dean drinking until he was flat on the floor, staring up at the bunkers cold white ceilings, and Sam carrying the dead weight of his brother to his room, he finally broke.
Dean blindly flips him the bird as he pours coffee into a semi-clean mug he found in the sink. He hears Sam chuckle as he lifts the mug to his lips and take a sip, grimacing at the cold temp of the drink and proceeds to dump it back out.
He opened his eyes just in time for the vamp to come at him and Dean held the blade of his machete in front of him as a shield. The vamp ran into the blade and decapitated itself.
The ex-angel’s hands then slid down Dean’s back and stopped at the waist band of his jeans, and he dragged his nails along the hem, leaving light red lines on each side of his spine. That made Dean stop kissing him and hover over Cas’ lips, breathing into him, resting his forehead on his. He waited for Cas to move, but with nothing of the sort happening, he took it into his own hands, literally.
He glanced at himself. His grey jacket was now 85% red and sticky with blood. His jeans were torn and dark brown, a mix of mud and blood. His boots…
“Hey Cas. It’s me. Can you stand? We need to get out of here before more vamps show up. Cas…CAS! Hey! Stay with me.”
But it never came, not in the form he desperately craved. The warmth of his body never retreated, never seeped from his softened stance as he blinked open his eyes. A film of smoke clung to the air, shifting with every move of his body as tendrils of the transparent grey fell like ribbons to the floor. Clearing his view of the figure before him, sat on the floor with their legs crossed in a delicate fashion.
“I’m well,” Cas greets, and he doesn’t look like he was in any scrapes, but looks can definitely be deceiving when it comes to angels, “I— I did it. I’m free of heaven’s means of influence.”
Dean feels pathetic every time he drags Sam to come to bed with him. Like Bobby’s going to judge him for being a grown man with a grown brother who wants to be the little spoon. Cause he should. This is embarrassing. They aren’t kids, and Dean can’t figure out anything better to help his brother’s massive trauma other than cuddling him at night like he’s a fucking baby.
Dean glances down though Cas’ mostly see-through hand at the one that ate him. Also ripped open, by Cas’ bare hands, to rescue him.
going after Sam. Who is he? Which one does he want to be? Is it too late for him? Is he his father’s son? Is he doomed to make all of Dad’s mistakes? Cleaned up his mess, tried to do better, and turned into the old man anyways. Is that Dean’s lot in life?
"The last true order I was given," Cas realizes, "before I rebelled. 'Save the Righteous Man. And keep him from harm'."
“Hey, sir,” Dean says slowly. He’s usually point-man when they deal with Death, and, well, they’re all still alive. So, might as well go with what works, “Sam’s still— we weren’t expecting you for a while longer. What’s up?”
Cas furrows his brows, and looks up at the ceiling as he thinks. Dean looks at the sharp line of his nose, the curve of his throat, and thinks
Sam jumps out of his chair to run for their condiments. Sam’s so obvious at pranks he can’t hide his grin. It should be obvious, but Cas has no idea he’s about to be had.
Dean doesn’t have a good enough angle to take his head off in one swing. The vamp goes down, and Dean has to keep hacking at him until the head rolls free.
“Dean?” Cas asks, and reaches out, sets a hand on Dean’s arm. He’s turned his shoulders, facing Dean, and it leaves him open.
“Yeah,” Dean says. It’s the two of them in his room, because Dean was laying awake wondering if he should stop being a wuss and text Cas or not.
. Doing another set of stairs to the second level with Sam on his back would have been terrible. Dean turns and marches for the living room so he can drop his brother.
He has to ask Sam. Because that’s the kind of man that Dean is trying to be. Dad would make the choice for Sam. And Dean is… all he knows is that he’s trying not to be Dad.
Dean pushes Cas along to the coffee machine, and makes the decision to let go of Cas to grab them both mugs. He hisses through gritted teeth, bracing against the counter, as the soul-bruise whammy hits him again. Cas lets out an equally unhappy groan.
“Some chemical in a cleaning product hurts them on our side. Hit ‘em with that, cut off the head,” Dean says. He’s kind of mad that Benny thinks he’s some damsel that needs protecting. Dean’s a badass, just had a rough first impression.
Does time in purgatory even pass the same? Has it been weeks here, but only days back home? Or worse, what if it’s the inverse. Days here, but weeks back home.
“I… I wanted your opinion,” Cas says, “I have ideas. Things I want, but I— I wanted to hear what you thought about it first.”
“Okay, so say you stop fighting,” Dean figures. Cas not fighting? Can you just… stop? He doesn’t think so, but he doesn’t want to burst Cas’ bubble. Both Dean and Sam have tried to get out of the life, and here they both are. You can never really escape, not when you know what’s out there, and that people are dying because you’re not saving them.
“I was just,” Dean shakes his head, glances at Sam, “we’re sitting here comparing how many dudes we’ve slept with. Can you
“You’ve been too busy to think about stuff that doesn’t matter,” Dean says, “I’ve been busy trying to leave it all behind.”
“If physical affection causes you this much stress,” Cas says gently, “then… we do not have to indulge in it.”
“Sammy,” Dean whispered, watching as his brother, four years old, crawled into the oversized queen bed an eight year old Dean was sleeping in.
He’d take Claire’s scowls and the muttered language and the kicking of her steel-toed boots against the end of the bed any day. She was still grounded for the rest of her young-adult life, but at least she was alive.
The plumbing in the house groaned its displeasure at being used after so long and Dean looked up at the ceiling, listening as Jody moved around the small bathroom upstairs. He was grateful for the moment alone, allowing him a moment to collect his thoughts. Dean blew out a slow breath as he tasked himself with finding a handheld can opener, making a mental note to add it to his bag.
the heat of his body pressed up against his front, the scent of his apple shampoo (which, of course, the asshole still used).
“It’s midnight, Dean!” Sam answered, eyes wide as he beamed back. “We didn’t have any cookies… I put out Captain Crunch for the reindeer though. Think Santa will be mad?”
“But that’s why we couldn’t stay. I get it,” Castiel nodded his head. “It's kind of amazing, really.”
The priest pointed to the spot before Balthazar and Castiel’s stomach flipped as he watched Balthazar dip the quill, then scrawl his name perfectly across the link.
Cas has ended up close enough that they’re chest to chest. Sam has taken off. Dean tucks his face up against Cas’, feels the brush of Cas’ stubble to his cheek, feels the hum of his grace under his skin. Feels Cas’ arm around his waist, holding him close.
“I did…” Cas hesitates, looks away. Dean hates how Cas can’t look him in the eye anymore, ever since he came back from the dead, “I thought— I didn’t realize you were still here.”
This chapter is saved in my system as 'Cas' No Good Very Bad Horrible Day' because I think that's how I would feel about the day I die
Out of his pocket Cas pulls out the lumpy as fuck knitted squares that Bobby tried to force onto Dean and Sam, that they ‘conveniently’ forgot.
Cas has stayed the night plenty of times, even before he and Dean got together. As an angel he didn’t need to sleep, but sometimes he would be lonely and would, as he has explained it: ‘vibe with Dean’s aura’. Or something weird on that kind of wavelength. But they’ve never done it like this, like they’re a couple heading to bed. Dean’s sweating. He’s making a mistake. He’s crossed some line, and he’s not sure where, but he knows he’s done something wrong. This is going to bite him in the ass, but he’s incapable of leaving Cas’ side.
Death glares at Cas over his shoulder, “I told you to be quiet. If you talk again, I will kill you.”
“So I’m just saying,” Bobby continues, “if you two need to keep sleeping, I’ve got Sam. We’re okay.”
He couldn’t think of a way to get Sam out of the bunker for the night, but so far the close calls Dean thought he was going to have between Sam and Cas haven’t really happened. Worst case scenario, if Sam comes knocking, he can always tell Sam he was jerking off.
“No, as in, heaven has been pretty strict, in my experience, about what angels and their grace can and can’t do, especially when it comes to human interference. Wasn’t the mix of human and angel, like, severely taboo?”
“What do I know?” Cas repeats. His voice stops Dean’s brain. Because Cas— Cas is here this time. Maybe Cas can help, or do more, but he’s the one who fixed Sam last time, and if Sam’s losing it again then it didn’t work.
Dean grits his teeth, “I’m not— I don’t know. I don’t understand this magic shit, okay? You, and even Cas, you’re in a whole different league from me. I don’t like that Death is showing up pulling some strings on us, I don’t like that he wants you to do his dirty work. I don’t like that he’s talking to you like you’re some…”
And then... something something... the concept of queer as other, as monstrous... purgatory is the only place a monster can be free... I'm sure there's a metaphor there somewhere.
Sam’s warm to the touch, which is a good thing. It was when he went cold, when Dean found him after the kitsune that was bad. The water on the floor is melted ice, and freaking cold where it’s seeping into Dean’s jeans.
Okay, so, Dean’s weirdness? Must be forgiven. End of the world and despair make people go crazy. Thank god Cas understands that.
Cas works Dean back up to enjoying three fingers in him. Leans down to lick at the head of Dean’s dick as he does so. Makes sure Dean squirms under him.
Sam turns away from him, to look out the window. Dean can hear him mumbling to himself, but can’t make out the words.
His stomach cramps so badly that he can’t even stand up straight. He’s never been so fucking hungry in his life.
He feels Sam shrug, “That— oh, fuck, that’s better than I hoped. I thought I was a goner,” he laughs, “a few days is better than dead.”
He discreetly does a sniff test. Doesn’t smell anything out of the ordinary. So she’s being a dick on purpose. Or, right, vampire shit. They’re big about smells.
“Avo toast is healthy,” Sam argues, and he shows his teeth when he grins. It’s genuine, and Dean finds himself grinning back, “plus, tourists love it. We could make some money.”
“You’re just mad about sitting still. I thought you’d like that— aren’t you complaining that you’re tired of walking?” Benny argues.
Dean stumbles down the stairs to the panic room a few steps behind Bobby. He knows he should be concerned, but all he can think about is how fucking
Dean and Bobby tear through the kitchen to find something Cas can eat. All of Bobby’s reserves are tv dinners or heavily processed shit that would only be appealing to Dean after a few beers. Very little in the way of ‘made with love’.
Cas sits up, and maybe it’s a play of the sunshine, but Dean thinks his eyes are lit up, like he’s getting back to normal, “Is it sex?”
love someone, someone who knows him and loves him right back. He’s never had someone like Cas. Maybe he’s confusing things, and getting it all wrong.
“Yeah, and I’ll believe that when I see it,” Dean says, “can you do me a favor though? I know you don’t want to teach him—”
Until they lose Sam for a whole day. By the time they find him, he doesn’t know where he was or what he was doing. Dean makes a hard rule that Sam isn’t allowed to go out without someone with him. Dean even considers chaining him down when Sam argues with him, but Bobby vetoes it.
That’s a little to existential for Dean’s tastes. The meat isn’t much better. He chokes down his last bite, breathes through the way he wants to throw it all back up.
Easy enough to convince Cas with that. Second finger definitely feels too soon to the point that it might even hurt. But it’s over so quickly, Dean’s body adjusting, that Dean thinks he actually enjoys it.
“I always— I always wanted to get married,” Dean confesses, “like, that would mean I did it. I was happy, and I had a family and I made it. And I thought I’d never
Thank you everyone for all the feedback! Everyone who left a comment on the last chapter (including you, future readers), I am gently placing the cool rocks I found by the river into your hands. I'm genuinely SO thrilled to finally be getting to share all the secrets and "consequences" of the events of these 2 stories with y'all <33
Sam doesn’t say much more, Dean feels cold air as Sam lifts up the blankets, and then the bed rocks as Sam drops onto it with his back to Dean. He curls his knees up, like he’s trying to be small, and Dean only knows this because Sam’s feet are cold and he plants them against Dean’s leg where his sweats have ridden up his calf.
“You will be hunted,” Naomi threatens Cas, “you will not be welcome in the kingdom unless you submit. And if you care, like you claim to, about your humans, about heaven, then you
the leviathan still, but it— that’s real air he’s breathing. It’s cool purgatory air. The leviathan’s been torn open. A gaping wound above him shows the gray, twilight sky. It seems darker than it’s ever been. Is it night?
Cas says it so casually, so easily. For a second Dean can believe him: what the hell does a dead man have to do with Dean’s choices? With who Dean loves?
Sam comes down and tries to argue Dean to come out. Dean tunes him out, and only crawls out when Bobby comes down with warm food.
“Better than under your control,” Sam shouts. Dean stalled out, Sam’s covering for him. Dean shakes his head, looks to Cas. Cas looks distraught.
, what Dean thinks is friendship, is hot velvet in his gut. He feels it like a phantom touch, like a furnace under his skin.
Dean and Cas are both carrying too much, trying to keep too many pieces moving, pieces that can’t coexist. Dean is trying to hunt, to help Sam, while providing a safe life for Lisa and Ben. Cas’ personal rebellion, through which he saved the world, has upset the nature of heaven, and the absence of God has led to what Cas describes as an angelic civil war.
“I wondered why I would be allowed to live a second time, then a third,” Cas muses, “I realize now it was to fix what I’ve done.”
Dean rubs at his eyes with the heel of his palm, “Yeah. Yeah I know. And purgatory was… simple. That was me without… everything else. So I’m aware that, sure, somewhere I’m into… you know. But I just— I need this to be private, okay? If this is going to happen, to be something, I need it to be a secret.”
“I have Dean’s soul,” Cas figures, staring at their hands, and then up to Dean’s face, “but it’s not untethered from you. It wants to return.”
“Infinite enough to possess some poor bastard,” Dean remarks. Angels may think they're so special, but they're not that different from other monsters that Dean has met. Dean thinks.
“What are you really like?” Dean asks, “is it revelations spinning wheels and fire? Or white dresses and wings?”
Dean gestures around the room. Cas’ vessel, abandoned because Cas doesn’t want to talk to Dean because he wants to
It’s the same drop, the same terror, that Dean felt when Sam was dying in his arms. When Dean had his brother bleeding out in his arms, and knew he was helpless to stop it.
touching him like this. It’s how Dean’s wanted to be fucked since he went balls-in on being queer. And Dean’s fingered himself a few times now, and enjoyed it enough to think he’ll like it when it’s Cas’ cock. But this feels
Dean breathes out slowly, bends to put his free hand on his thigh. He’d really like to put his head between his knees and maybe cry for a little bit, to take a moment to process just what the fuck is going on. But they don’t have time for that.
Cas clears his throat, and looks to Bobby, “Yes. There’s never been a celestial with a soul before. This is… this is all unprecedented.  But it may work in our favor. With all of the injuries done to Sam’s body, if there is an angel in him it may take some time for him to heal.”
“Cas was the one who was bad off,” Dean says, “I can’t say much more. But we’re all good. Just, you know, licking our wounds.”
Dean leans back against the counter, “It’s just— it can’t happen. So I’m sorry you’re stuck with this.”
“Why did I take my shoes off if we’re going somewhere?” Cas deadpans, and Dean laughs as he leans down to kiss him.
They took all of Sam’s knives off him, after that first scare. His gun, too. Dean hates not letting Sam be armed, and there’s always more weapons he can get to— he’s traveling with two hunters after all— but Sam never tries to kill himself again. Dean starts to think that the one time was a one-time thing. He knows his brother isn’t weak enough to be suicidal.
Dean feels like some repressed Victorian lady. Suddenly his brain is running on repeat: the fact that Cas is drinking his beer, that when Dean gets it back he can put his lips right where Cas’ mouth was like this is some kind of forbidden kiss.
Cas must pick up on Dean’s train of thought because he steps out of the tub, and then leans in for a kiss. And who is Dean to say no to that? Cas grabs Dean’s shirt with both hands to steady himself, and Dean laughs into the kiss because he’s gonna have wet handprints on his shirt now. Dean reaches out blindly, grabs the towel, and tries to wrap it around Cas. Dean can feel the pleasant heat of his soul, united and whole, flowing between them.
just to prove he has free will and not even Dean loving him is a good enough reason to stay. They’re researching Sam’s insane hallucinations because his brother is having another break from reality, and Dean is going to have to watch him fade away until the only option left is to kill the both of them because Dean can’t save anyone who’s important to him.
For those keeping track, this chapter finishes the events of ch6 of TEA. You can note when Sam and Cas have their chat that ends ch6!
Dean inspires in Cas. Would it have made Dean into another mouth, another set of teeth? Would he have been in that darkness forever, only knowing endless hunger with no way to satiate it?
be possible: picks Sam up, throws him over his shoulder, and stands all in the same motion. Cas doesn’t even sway under Sam’s gigantor size.
Dean thinks he could get Cas and Sam back to the bunker now, and that they can take things from there. Bobby refuses to let them leave until Death returns.
It’s like acid in his gut, to even think about this. To even have this choice. Sam or Cas? The two most important people in Dean’s life. The two people he can’t live without. It’s an impossible choice, and Dean has to make it.
“Besides,” Dean cuts the tension with some friendly teasing, “you don’t want some vampire showing you up, do you?”
Bobby's son, but technically filling the role of Sam's parental figure, so Bobby treats Dean as son when it's the two of them, and co-parent when Sam is around (so he doesn't undermine Dean's authority). It's a very unique relationship older/oldest siblings can develop with the adults who care about them and something I wanted to be sure to honor about Dean's efforts in being good to Sam while they were growing up, but still being a child himself. And honor Bobby being a very good dad who recognizes Dean's role as a guardian, and respects that rather than tries to force him out of it. Shout out to all the adults out there who give that space to oldest siblings <33
Dean swallowed hard at the look on Cas’ face, one of acceptance, belonging, one so very different than the last expression
With Ben gone, the house was too quiet, and Dean spent the first part of the week cleaning every room, top to bottom until he was sure he had PTSD from the scent of Pine Sol. Sam was busy with a case, forcing him to work late into the night, and so Dean picked up a few shifts at the hospital.
The school year passed by uneventfully and Dean watched as Castiel mended his friendship with Jo and became close with Charlie. Benny even started to come around more often, nudging Dean into trying to take their relationship to the next level. But he was so afraid of fucking something up.
The moment over, everyone started to scramble around them once more to get ready for the day, and Dean turned on his cot to see Castiel’s expression. The man was thinking hard, his lips slightly parted as if he had a word on the tip of his tongue but it wouldn’t come out.
Dean dreamed of Castiel, of their future, of Ben calling them both Dad. He dreamed of car rides into the sunset and a wedding that never would be. He dreamed of darkness.
“Oh! Thank you,” Jody answered with a smile. Castiel handed her the candle, following her into the living room to get two of their flashlights to bring back into the kitchen. Castiel and Dean were quiet as they listened to the creak of the floorboards overhead. When it was clear Jody was in Dean’s old bedroom, Castiel turned in his chair to eye Dean carefully.
Dean rubbed the back of his neck as he tracked the journey via the Great Lakes. “Well, if we head off this way and head north of Detroit, we’ll still have to go through Buffalo.”
“Wait!” Dean warned him, pulling into the spot on the opposite side of Castiel’s car and parking. Ben waited all of two seconds and shoved the door open, skipping over to Jack and immediately launching into some story. Dean chuckled and locked up the car before getting out and walked to Claire and Castiel.
“Word of mouth, now. I’ve helped fourteen families over the last four years. As a single guy, I’m not the first choice for a woman who’s been abused. But people talk, and I’ve earned a good reputation between the families I’ve helped.” Dean paused and smiled, taking another sip of his coffee.
and turned, rubbing his cheek against Castiel’s fingers before deciding he’d had enough of the humans.
“Gilda and I found Chuck almost three months ago,” Charlie started, wringing her fingers together and cracking her knuckles. “Gilda was just nearing her third trimester then, she’s around thirty-seven weeks now, and… we needed a place that was safe. We hadn’t come across any camps that were willing to take us in and Chuck’s group opened their arms to us.”
“We’ve been here for al-almost three days,” Alfie whispered, tearing his eyes away from Dean’s face to look down at his hands. “Uriel’s con-con-convinced there’s good stuff in the back because of the de-dead.”
They were quiet as Castiel started up the coffee pot, Dean taking a spot at the table and gingerly touching his face. Castiel winced in sympathy and turned back to watch the coffee percolate, pouring them two large mugs when it was finished.
. I became the thing I fought against and then… then… there was purgatory. It was somewhere where I couldn’t hurt anyone else. I’m so tired of fighting, of doing everything wrong. Removing myself from the situation, from the world, seemed safest for everyone.”
, that’s something Dean would have never imagined. He keeps having to kiss Cas to keep him quiet. Must be part of never growing up with parents or siblings in the other room, and needing to be sneaky.
Today we catch up to the end of chapter 7 of TEA! Dean n Cas are settling into their new domestic life, and still working out what it means to be a human and a celestial creature? bomb? attack dog?? who are hopelessly and cluelessly in love w each other. Love wins <3
Sam is practically neurotic: twitchy and muttering to himself more than normal. Dean focuses on him, on trying to calm his brother down before Sam relapses and loses time or himself like he did before Dean went to Purgatory. Sam snaps at people who aren’t there, his hands shake and his arms light up occasionally with the magic from the first trial. If he and Bobby talk about Cas too long, the lights in the house start flickering or the temperature in the room starts dropping.
But that’ll be in the morning, when Sam wakes up. Dean glances up from his brother, sees Cas waiting for him: arms crossed, and a thousand yard stare on his face. Sam will keep for tonight. Dean and Bobby will take up shifts again to keep an eye on him. Right now Dean can focus on Cas, who just had the rug torn out from him.
“Oh,” Sam says, and goes quiet, “was it really that bad? The way you talk about it— like, I’m sorry I wasn’t really helpful, but… you keep talking about it like it was terrible.”
They do give Andrea and Benny a ride back into town. Dean can’t figure out why Sam’s being so friendly. Maybe having someone’s soul all up in you makes you trust them. The vampires are content to start wandering from this area, so they say their goodbyes. Dean narrowly avoids letting Benny kiss him again.
AND HERE WE GOOOO!!! The scene that became this chapter was quite possibly the first thing I wrote when I decided to start poking at writing a Spn fic. And while writing it I went 'you know... I'm cramming an awful lot of exposition in here. How about I write a quick prequel to cover some points?'
Cas finds this acceptable, and leans in for a kiss. Literal sparks fly in Dean’s head, and he’s starting to change his opinion on having a marathon day in bed.
Cas runs a hand up Dean’s arm, curls it around Dean’s shoulder, fingers splayed, and Dean shudders at the feel of Cas’ hand over the handprint scar Dean still carries. It’s faded, a bit, with time. But it’s still obvious what it is.
had that kind of power. Even Sam has his experience with his psychic powers from way back. Dean is aware of how boringly average he is compared to the cosmic superheroes around him.
“And you can’t— you can’t be queer and be a hunter. I’ve known so many— good people, nice people, but they—  they’re too soft. They slip up, and they can’t help it. They die. It’s what being queer does to you.”
“He’ll be here any second,” Dean lies, “I’ve already called, told him to come smite your ugly asses.”
Or, worse. This thought makes Dean sick, and leaves him laying awake at night. What if everyone already knows he’s queer? What if they’ve all known for years? Because Dean is an idiot late to his own sexuality. And everyone’s been in on the joke that Dean always bragged about not being into dudes, always joked that other people were queer for him, but
Dean breathes slowly. A lifetime of training tells him to be ready to fight. For his life, because the things that do this want to kill him.
“No, that’s good.” Castiel gave him one more look then pulled his keys from his pocket, clicking the unlock so Claire could get inside. “Goodnight, Dean.”
“What I am going to tell you is that Dean doesn't trust easily, he doesn't make friends. He cares deeply about everything he does, his family and his horses... I know he's never felt this way about anyone before. If you have no intention of moving things forward with my brother, you need to leave him alone." Castiel looked over and met Sam's eyes. "Dean doesn't need anymore heartbreak, okay? I like you, Cas, but your life is very different than ours. If I'm right? I give you my blessing. If I'm wrong? Forgive me, and leave my brother alone."
"When I was a child, my mom used to take me to this field," Dean said, giving Castiel's fingers a squeeze. "We would come out here at dusk, my bedtime story would be my mother singing as we rode through the forest to get here. We would lay in the grass like this and she would tell me fantastic tales of dragons and three headed monsters, of saving princesses in far off lands and pirate ships sailing the world. I would gasp and laugh in all of the right places, and used to wish with all my might that they were true so I could go off on an adventure.
Fuck, he was thinking way too much about this. It wasn’t his business. Castiel didn’t need Dean’s help for his child. He sure as hell didn’t need or want to know about Dean’s relationship with alcohol. That is, if Gabriel hadn’t told him, which wouldn’t surprise Dean at all… Maybe that’s why Castiel didn’t want anything to do with him… not only was it about their past, but Castiel knows how fucked up Dean is, and why the hell would he welcome that back into his life?
Castiel moved around Dean’s side, reaching to test the sliding glass door. It was unsurprisingly locked. Dean watched Castiel’s face as he considered the options and was glad when he chose to continue around the building. If they were in danger once they got inside, they could use the sliding door as an escape. Breaking through the glass panes would be a last resort.
Castiel snorted and rolled his eyes, but let himself be led to their table. Anna caught his eye from the next table over, unable to conceal her wide smile. He laughed and leaned towards Balthazar. “I think Anna is more excited than I am,” he whispered.
“- then I will find my own way. I don’t want or need to hash anything out. It’s not only unprofessional, but it is completely unnecessary!” Castiel’s voice rose with each word and he snapped his mouth shut as Dean loudly cleared his throat, tearing his eyes away from Castiel to look down the hallway.
“Yeah,” Benny said with a nod. “The navigating equipment is still working, even if we drift. But there’s no one out here on the water with us, so all we have to worry about is the weather.” He looked up at the clear blue sky and gave a shrug. “Don’t anticipate anything comin’ through, but you never know with October weather out here.”
“Love is the most powerful emotion, son,” John spoke again, stopping just at the edge of the mattress, “it's also the most dangerous. For once you allow yourself to love another person completely, it consumes you. When you lose that love…I was given the greatest gift any man could possess, a partner that loved me more than anything and one that blessed me with that love. And yet, when she was gone… I forsook her.”
“Let’s just get there first,” Castiel said softly, and Dean blew out a slow breath. “But your brother is a Winchester.”
“Yeah, I met Lisa at a bar I was tending at and we hit it off. One night stand turned into my first real relationship after you. When she told me she was pregnant… I mean, what was I gonna do?” Dean shook his head and played with his glass in his hands. “I was scared shitless, but… Ben was the best thing to happen to me. Course, I couldn’t get my head out of my ass, even then. Lisa put up with a lot of shit. I was still drinking, I was still…” he cleared his throat again and muttered, “not over you.”
“Sometimes the things we do in times of crisis aren’t thought out,” Castiel answered softly. “As a mother, I am sure she wanted to make sure Sam, you, and your father were all safe. Perhaps she went to check each room.”
After Castiel had checked each of the bodies, “Just in case”, and Dean had emptied the contents of his stomach behind a tree before handing Cas a rag to wipe the blood from his hands, they searched what was left. They came away with some cans of food, a nice sized pocket knife, and Castiel’s new favorite toy - a pair of heavy duty metal tongs.
“I’ll get these,” Dean offered as they finished, picking up his dirty clothes and Castiel’s. “Go check on Anna, I’ll meet you back out there.”
Dean flashed a brilliant smile and turned, though he quickly fell in line beside Castiel as they continued down the path. Castiel found himself stealing glances to the side, and if the Alpha’s smirk was anything to go by, Dean was completely aware he was doing it.
“You could’ve come in,” Castiel replied honestly, reaching over to give her hand a squeeze. “This is a big day for all of us.”
“Yes,” he nodded, “I did. When I got where I was going… It had been months. The idea of calling you up, or Benny, or Sam…” He clicked his tongue and shrugged, looking away. “It wouldn't have mattered what I had to say.”
Anna clicked her tongue and placed the glass down again. “Just because we’re changing the room up, doesn’t mean we have to get rid of everything
Dean silenced him by pressing their lips together, his free hand sliding over the side of Castiel’s throat and pulling them together. Castiel gave a small sigh, almost melting into Dean’s touch. They kissed, unrushed, until Dean shifted forward and pulled on his wound. Despite trying to stifle it, he hissed into Castiel’s mouth.
Getting Claire comfortable enough to open up took months. It wasn’t until the end of the school year that Claire would wander back into the classroom after the last bell of the day and glare at Castiel, daring him to tell her to get home.
“Oh, I don’t doubt it.” Rowena smiled and squeezed Dean’s arm before turning to head back out to the playground. Dean scrubbed a hand down his face, sighing before he returned back to his office. Ben looked up through his eyelashes, attempting to gauge his father’s mood before he spoke, and Dean gave him a pointed look, letting him know he wasn’t thrilled with Ben fighting, but he wasn’t in trouble either.
"I can already tell you're going to be trouble..." he muttered, shaking his head before turning back around and striding forward as the line moved. The three brother's stayed in their line, Gabriel with a hand on Castiel's back to keep them together. None of them needed to be told again.
The scent of what the man carried reached him and his stomach let out an embarrassingly loud growl. He was grateful for the dim lighting as he could feel his cheeks flaming. Still, he didn’t know this man from Adam. Why would some stranger willingly give up his food? Food would be increasingly difficult to come by.
Ben and Jack nodded slowly, and Dean gave a small smile to each of them before continuing. “There are going to be times where you should stand up for yourself and your friends,” he said, nodding over at Ben, “but it should
Castiel fucked into him with a hard thrust, hitting his prostate just right, and Dean yelled as he spilled over his fist, milking his orgasm for as long as he could. When he caught his breath, he shifted slightly, Castiel dropping his leg so Dean could press up onto his knees. Castiel gripped his hips hard, the sound of skin against skin just barely louder than the pants and moans from Castiel above him. When he came, Dean shivered, feeling Castiel’s cock twitch before he collapsed against Dean’s back, pulling them onto their sides again.
The gentle sway of the boat was comforting, along with Castiel’s body pressed against him making him feel safe, but it wasn’t what woke him. Dean gasped as he flexed his hips, rolling into the wet, heat of Castiel’s mouth. His eyes flew open, but the room was pitch dark.
“I think it's going to depend on the boat we’re able to get,” Castiel answered finally, turning to meet Jack’s gaze, “and how fast we can go. We should probably find a place to set up for the night and get a working boat in the morning. The sun is going to set in about an hour.”
The movement jarred his shoulder and he cried out in pain as spots swam in his vision before everything went black.
infection, but he could tell that he wasn’t doing okay. He just needed to get to Bobby’s… If ever there was a man prepped for the end of the world, it was his Uncle Bobby. The old man was a paranoid bastard and kept stores of supplies in an underground bunker he had built into his basement. Dean just hoped Bobby would still be there when he arrived. Not that he imagined there would be anywhere else for the older man to go, but… well, the alternative wasn’t something he wanted to think about.
"Sam!" Castiel jumped as a blonde woman came around the corner, her smile wide as she wrapped her arms around Sam's neck and pulled him down for a kiss. "I didn't expect you back until dinner."
"I... can't live in the castle, Cas. It's not my life. Just walking around the grounds brings back so many memories..." Dean trailed off and Castiel gave him a quick kiss, reassuring him that it was alright.
The smile that Jack returned was almost enough to counteract the feeling of sadness that hung over them all. Dean met Castiel’s gaze over Jack’s head and found himself smiling too.
“Why don’t you take Jack first?” Dean suggested, sitting down on his designated cot. “I want to go through some of our belongings. Cas you can-”
Although he felt like shit, he knew he would regret it if he didn't check everything. With a false start, his finger slipping from the handle, he dropped the back of the first truck and pulled himself up. There was an oversized toolbox that was unlocked and he grabbed a length of rope. The second truck bed was empty, save some grass clippings and brush. Both of the truck cabs were locked. He peeked through the tinted windows, just in case; the first truck meticulously clean and the second full of fast food burger wrappers and a large soft drink.
The sight that met them as the door opened was complete chaos, Dean’s gasp drowned out immediately by Castiel’s swearing.
Ben responded with the requested high five, laughing as Gabriel jerked his hand back with a, “Too slow!”
Castiel smiled at that. Meg used to pull out his high school yearbook when they were drinking and spend far too much time pointing out who would go bald, get fat, lose their teeth, or end up married six times. Dean Winchester ended up with most of her horrible predictions.
Benny had been insistent on moving the boat back out onto the lake for the night, wary of the people they’d come across... and the people they hadn’t.
“While sometimes it's hard to keep track, today is the first of October. The first day is always the most powerful, is it not? The most poetic. On the first, we can accomplish anything. A new slate, a new plan, a new start. I implore each and every one of you to continue working hard, loving me as I love you, and loving one another. We are, after all, family.”
“Oh,” Castiel answered, looking down at the ground between them. Dean swallowed in the silence. He was just about to rescind the offer when Castiel shrugged and said, “Yeah, we don’t have any plans tonight… I think Jack would like that a lot. Do you - am I dropping him off at your house?”
With newfound determination, Castiel was able to pull himself away from Dean when they arrived back at the stables, though not without making plans for an evening ride tomorrow.
Without waiting for an answer, she turned away from him and walked out of the store to join the others, leaving Dean standing there wondering what the fuck that was supposed to mean. Castiel picked up immediately on the fact that something had happened in the store, but after Dean gave him a small shake of his head, he let it go.
“Alfie, stay to the side,” Anna ordered, practically skipping over to the door and standing in between Dean and Uriel. “You cover us when we go in.”
“I am not lying, she said the f-word!” Jack threw his hands on his hips, a move he had definitely learned from Claire.
From the deck of the ship, Dean, Castiel, and Charlie looked out over the water at the thick, black smoke spiraling up into the air. They’d taken what supplies they could from the storage rooms and left Chuck tied up to face his demise.
Charlie must have done the same, and both of them were woken up by Castiel shouting from the other room for Charlie. Charlie sat up so fast she knocked her head on the top bunk, cursing under her breath as she untangled herself from the blanket and almost fell out into the hallway. Dean moved as quick as he could after her, careful not to crack his own head on the way over.
Beside him, Claire stretched out her legs, shifting their trash into the cooler he’d brought as a picnic basket. Then, she leaned against his side, holding out a headphone for him to take. He braced himself. He
Kali’s laugh was airy and bright, and she immediately moved to Claire’s side to discuss shoes as she led them towards the house. Gabriel shrugged, meeting Castiel’s gaze, before following after the girls towards the house. Other than being his future sister-in-law, Kali was a realtor for the area, and was more than happy to help Castiel - with Gabriel’s aide - to find them the perfect house. It definitely made house shopping easier from half a country away.
“I’ll take care of your plate,” Castiel offered, giving Dean a look. Dean smiled in response and followed after Garth and Jesse. The rest of the group started to clean up the last of their breakfast dishes and Dean looked over his shoulder to see Castiel still watching him as they started up the steps to Chuck’s office.
“Who is Bobby?” Charlie asked, but Dean ignored her in favor of spinning back around and pointing up at the words.
Dean gasped and rolled his hips forward, his cock sliding over Castiel’s stomach with a perfect friction. But he needed more. He leaned back slightly, Castiel holding onto his hips, and opened the bedside drawer to pull out a bottle of lube. Then he snapped it open and Castiel moved, allowing Dean to squeeze a healthy sized amount onto his fingers. Then he hiked his leg up higher, his body begging for Castiel.
As they ate, he actually let his mind wander… and for the first time he felt a little bit of hope. Despite his relationship with Kelly, and even living long term with Meg, he never saw the
“Much better!” Uriel announced as he strode back into the room, Dean, Castiel, Anna, and Alfie already sitting around the fire. Alfie had dragged over the stools, their wet clothing hanging over them to dry, and Uriel nodded his thanks as Dean shoved the last stool towards him.
Dean held his breath as he picked up his candle, suddenly finding that his eyes were swimming with tears. Beside him, Jack shifted, his knee pressing against Dean’s knee. Whether it was deliberate or not, Dean wasn’t sure, but he took comfort in it all the same.
Still, even with all of the bits and pieces they’d picked up, they weren’t all that close to figuring out what Chuck’s end game was. They were positive, however, that he had something big planned and they were coming up on its debut.
Castiel gripped Dean's hand tightly in his own, then released his palm to hand over to the  priest. They stayed standing with eyes locked as their palms were cut, the smile never faltering on Castiel's face until they were tied together as one. Castiel gasped as their hands were pressed together, an entirely different feeling than the one he had with Balthazar washing over him. An energy spread, white hot yet pleasant, from the center of his palm up his arm. He saw Dean's eyes widen, knew his Alpha felt the same, and Castiel shook in anticipation for what a mating bite would truly feel like.
Dean’s mouth closed and his brows snapped up. He glanced out the windshield, and around him out the drivers side window. “Or uh….we can just wait it out?”
He wanted Dean to beg for it. He wanted him to plead for it. He needed to hear Dean whine and suffer for some kind of movement or touch.
“Are you okay if I…” he motioned his eyes downward to where his hand is. Cas moistened his lips and nodded. Of course he was okay with it. He’s wanted this for so long. He didn’t want to wait any longer. His other hand came down on top of Dean’s and grabbed it tightly, which made Dean’s finger close around him. Cas’ groaned loudly and his eyes rolled back into his head.
that you speak of?” Dean leans against the door frame and takes another sip of his beer. “Or should I say
“Is this okay?” He asked. Castiel licked his lips and responded with a hum, which was enough for Dean. He started to undo Cas’ pants and pushed them down. He looked down at him hungrily and found himself bringing his hand down.
Suddenly, a scream came from the back of the pack. Dean couldn’t see who made it, but then a second scream sounded. Dean spotted Castiel slashing his angel blade and slicing off heads left and right. That caused the nest to erupt and they all ran at the two hunters.
The nurse ran off through the swinging emergency room doors and left Dean standing there. Tears still rolled down his face as he stood there, unable to move. He clutched the front of his jacket as he stared at the doors.
“So the only way I could get both of us out of there quickly is by dragging him. Damn sonofabitch isn’t that light.” He finished off the whiskey in his glass and picked up the bottle on his left to pour himself a 5th drink.
Dean cleared his throat and nodded, “Yeah I’m good, uh…” He took another drink of his beer. “I uh…I gotta do a thing.” He stood up and walked out of the map room with his beer. He hoped Cas was still in the kitchen putting the groceries away. He stepped to the door and peaked in. Cas was standing at the island and was pulling the last few boxes of cereal out of the bags. Dean took in a deep breath and stepped down into the room. “Hey.” His voice was quieter than normal.
Dean saw the the angel dropped his blade at least 10 feet back. He wouldn’t been able to grab it in time. So, he ran at the vamp with his machete but tripped over a headless body and hit the ground hard, the world instantly went black.
Dean let out a sob. “No….no, no, no, no…” he cupped the angel’s face in his hands, staring intently. He waited for the angel’s eyes to open, but to no avail.
Dean tapped the sheathed machete on his hip. Cas stood, but stayed bent over and stepped slowly to the back of the truck. He looked around, gave Dean a blind thumbs-up, and ran out of sight. Dean waited for any sign of the vamps spotting the angel and going after him, but heard nothing.
“Dude, you don’t need to explain yourself.” Dean held his hand up to stop him, “I get it. You finally got the girl, now you just gotta
Dean pushed his glasses up off his nose and rested them on top of his head. Yeah, that’s a thing now. Now that Chuck isn’t controlling their lives anymore, they don’t have the luxury of Winchester luck. Dean’s vision started to go and he found out he was now farsighted. He tried contacts, but he couldn’t handle touching his eyes with his finger. It’s hilariously ironic. The #1 best hunter in the world gets the heebie jeebies when it comes to touching his own eyeballs.
“Dean…” it was faint, but it was something. Dean let out a shaky breath and glanced behind himself every once in a while to make sure he wasn’t walking into anything.
“Again, again, again, again…” he panted until Cas pulled out and slammed back in. He started to even his thrusts out, the headboard slamming against the cement wall with every push in. Cas rested his head on Dean’s leg, and he playfully snuck a little nibble onto the sensitive skin on the inside of Dean’s knee. He could already feel himself getting close. He bit his lip and let out and deep groan, breath billowing past his lips, as he slowly pulled out and slammed back in.
Which is exactly what he got. Dean started to wiggle alittle bit and a small whine escaped his lips.
Dean waits til it’s late to leave the bunker. Him and Sam stayed up and watched the new Mandalorian episode and right as the credits rolled, Dean glanced over and saw Sam passed out on the couch, the bowl of popcorn on his lap tilting dangerously.
Dean just blinked. He wasn’t expecting that at all. He knew Cas was fed up about being stuck in a hospital for 4 days, but why was he still pissed now? He was home. “How would I know? He was silent on the drive back.”
Sam had come by with a plate of some of the pizza they ordered, but Dean’s appetite disappeared. Sam insisted that he eat, but Dean refused, the plate now left on the side table, pizza cold and stiff. The last thing on his mind at the moment was food.
A quick search of the boat gave him a flare gun with extra flares, a few life jackets, and batteries for his flashlight. There wasn’t any food or water on board, but there were a few fishing supplies, minus the actual poles.
“If they let us.” Dean stared at Jack for a moment, seeing the hope in the younger man’s eyes. “And listen, kid… we make choices as a group, okay? So we’ll go check this out, but if
Castiel and Dean followed him, Dean shuffling much slower and grateful for Cas’ steady hand on his arm, keeping him from stumbling. They took Jack’s cue once they reached the dock and sat on either side of him. Since it was too cold to stick their feet in the water, they sat back on the dock with enough room for the candles to sit on the wood before them.
“I’m Kevin!” the second man said as he relaxed his arms. “My mom and I were worried, too. But we took a chance and Chuck has seriously been a lifesaver. He takes care of all of us.”
“Nope! Soon, though. He should be flying in tomorrow and will come see you in the afternoon. This is so much better!”
“I know,” Castiel answered back. “Get some sleep. The bag’s almost done, then we’ll pick up Jack and get home, okay?”
“I’m sorry, Lis,” he whispered, though for the life of him… he wasn’t sure what it was he was apologizing for anymore.
“Those families weren’t afraid, cher. I bet there’s more living than dead in those parts. I’m not letting us be an easy target.”
“Missed this,” Castiel admitted, kissing Dean’s mouth once more before moving to the side of his throat. He bit down on Dean’s sweat slicked skin, tasting salt on his tongue. He whispered against him, “Missed you.”
“You didn’t think I up and left, did you?” Castiel responded, opening an eye and smiling up at his mate.
He was excited to be close enough to visit Gabriel on the weekends, to see his parents in person instead of through a screen, but he wasn’t excited to see
"So, what are you boys up to?" Bobby asked, sitting down on a wooden stool and eyeing each of them carefully. It made Castiel slightly uneasy, but neither one of the brother's seemed phased by Bobby's seemingly gruff exterior.
The sun was thankfully behind the car and Castiel forced himself to relax back against the seat, adjusting his hands on the steering wheel. His lower back and his thighs were already letting him know he would regret doing this in one straight shot. Claire had hinted about him letting her drive and he’d given her a look that caused the first round of loud music. Despite her claim that she was just about ready for her learner’s permit, she had another nine months before she turned fifteen. And she would only be allowed to start driver’s ed if she turned herself around…
She smiled at that and settled back beside him, leaning her head against his shoulder like she was a teenager again. “I love you,” she said after a moment and Castiel felt his throat thicken, never tiring of hearing it.
"I know," Castiel interrupted, nodding his head. Their eyes met for a moment, understanding passing between them, before Balthazar sighed. Beside him, Anna reached forward, squeezing his forearm, though her eyes remained on Castiel.
"That's where most of the burns were..." Lucas whispered, moving his head back down and looking between them. "It's still being wrapped until the graft takes, it has to stay really wet so there's a yellow goopy thing underneath the bandages."
He threw his bag on the passenger seat and ignored the pain in his shoulder as he bent beneath the steering column to hotwire the truck. It took a few tries, and he was almost sure the battery was dead before it worked and the vehicle finally roared to life. He even had three-quarters of a tank of gas.
“Oh don’t play that with me, Castiel,” Anna chided, bumping his shoulder with her own. “You were so distracted at dinner, I’m surprised you didn’t end up wearing half of your meal! So tell me, who is he?”
Hours passed, with Dean fighting against the ropes binding him to the chair, bouncing and jerking as much as he could to get the chair further away from the closet. Hell, if Becky did manage to break free, there was shit-all Dean was going to be able to do about it, but being further away at least helped his anxiety over it. At least, that’s what he could tell himself.
Dean took his time, kissing the jut of Castiel’s hip bones, tasting the salt from his skin, and relishing in the soft gasps of pleasure the man above him was unable to swallow back. Dean just wanted to hear them again. He pressed his hands flat on the inside of Cas’ thighs, spreading them slightly and lifting his upper body up. He looked up, catching Cas’ hooded gaze, and smiled as he let his jaw fall open and took all of Castiel into his mouth.
The man swore and Dean heard the tell-tale sound of a gun clicking. Then, Cas tapped Dean’s shoulder, giving a small nod. Slowly, Dean stood up beside him, looking over the three people before them.
“It’s worked well though,” Dean continued, reaching down and plucking a piece of grass from the dirt. He started twisting it around his fingers as he talked. “People respect him for it; where his father ruled with fear and justice, Balthazar rules with honesty and fairness. I’ve never seen such peace over Lawrence.”
As soon as the words were out of his mouth, they all looked up to see the main doors of the aforementioned building swing open. A group of three men were walking out laughing, and Dean felt himself tense up in surprise and alarm.
Castiel looked up as the voices grew louder, though he didn’t recognize the voice of the man speaking. The second voice, however, he did recognize and he was taken aback by how upset Dean sounded.
Loud silence. The candles flicker. Dean’s heart hammers against his ribs like it wants to burst out of his chest. There’s not enough air in here to breathe. He wants to run, to get in the car and drive until this panic settles, but he also knows he can’t leave Cas’ side. Torn between two completely opposing reactions, and therefore locked in place while being torn apart.
“Wait— poison?” Dean asks. He knew heaven was judgmental about Cas, but it was always about Cas not following orders. This feels like a new bad way of talking about him. What changed?
“We need to know who we’re dealing with,” Dean says, and he takes a deep breath, “we need to know if Lucifer is still in the cage.”
to be. Dean wants to believe that. It’s easier to believe that this is insidious, and not divine intervention. Because why Dean? Why would they pick him? What’s the angle they think they have over Dean, because they sure didn’t fish him out of hell for being a good person.
Dean rolls his eyes. Nothing is working on Sam except forcing him to keep going. Babying him is only going to let him get worse.
And gosh, wow, okay. That does something warm and gooey to Dean’s heart. The thought that Cas wants Dean around for a long time. Dean’s face heats up. His ears are hot.
“Hey,” Dean says, and even though he’s twisting up in knots at how rough Cas is looking, hearing his voice makes Dean think that this might turn out okay after all.
Cas gives him a sideways glare, out of the corner of his eye without turning his head, "Not any more than usual."
“And what if it is?” Cas says darkly, and he stares at Dean so intensely that Dean flinches. Cas is thinking about free will too, about
Dean gets his feet under him, in a crouch, so he can lean out. Benny’s grip on his coat tightens, and the vampire yanks Dean back into their hiding space.
But Cas is going to ask what Dean wants, what Dean wants to do, or maybe Cas will have ideas about what he wants to do and Dean isn’t sure what he’s ready for. Or what he wants.
Benny steps back when Dean is quiet too long. Dean lets out a shaky exhale, and that makes Benny grin again.
It occurs to Dean that Cas doesn’t have any clothes of his own other than the ones Jimmy Novak was wearing the day Cas took control of him. Sure Cas can angel mojo them clean, but, maybe he’d like a change? It’s been
“So what do you want Dean?” Bobby asks, “you want me to sit back and watch you make the same mistakes your—”
“Where? Your bed?” Dean scoffs. And he feels his stomach churn at the thought of Sam outing him right now, of Bobby suddenly understanding why Dean’s losing his shit over Cas and realizing how pathetic Dean is.
When Dean thinks about Sam he can list all of the facts: Sam is my brother, Sam is smart, Sam is the strongest man I know. But the emotions that Dean thought were inherent don’t come as easily.
Even Cas seems confused by her presence, and then she says something— a word so bright, so sharp, that Dean recoils from it like it’s a physical thing. It had to be Enochian, and before Dean can try and guess what it means— Cas strikes him for the first time.
Sam took it well. Insisted that he would be fine. He’s supposed to check in with them three times a day. Dean gets more and more nauseous the further they get. But Sam’s a big boy. Dean gave him the pep talk and everything.
“You’re gonna throw yourself into taking care of your little brother, but who’s gonna take care of you?” Benny asks.
“No! Fuck, Dean, I don’t care about that! Besides, he’s more than just ‘a guy’,” Sam says, and he sounds sad when he says, “I don’t understand why you think that’s the kind of love you need. I mean, I felt it. I know how you feel about him. But Dean you…”
“You asked me not to leave you, last night,” Cas realizes. His voice is low notes in Dean’s ear, “and I agreed. I’ll come back. And hopefully I’ll have answers then.”
In the year and more since he’s seen Cas, Dean wonders if things will be weird between them, if they ever meet again, because Dean kissed him. They never talked about it, never had time to know if they’re the kind of people that don’t talk about that sort of thing. Or if Dean has to make sure to keep distance between them, if he doesn’t want Cas to turn him away entirely.
That’s the turning point, when Dean looks back at their history, it was this conversation, this moment of Castiel looking at the kids in the park, marveling at the sunshine and the chill in the air and saying how he was happy Dean fought to protect it, that he was happy Dean didn’t do as he was told.
Sam promises to take watch for him that night, but not if they sleep in the panic room. Sam’s been wary of it since Bobby and Dean locked him in it to detox. He promises not to leave Dean unguarded. This is Sam, so of course Dean will give him another chance.
Sam hasn’t eaten in four days. Anything he could get down came back up only hours later. He’s so skinny it sets off alarms in Dean’s head any time he looks at him. Sam’s wasting away in front of his eyes, and Dean can’t stop it.
“Thank you, Dean,” Cas says softly, and drops his gaze back to the list in his hands. For the first time in a long time, he smiles.
“I’m not— we’re not—” Dean’s got to stop being a big queer so he can be friends with Cas. So he can go back to having a normal life. Besides, Andrea is right
Cas is still looking at him, Dean can see in his peripherals. Something deep in his gut twists, that heavy, velvet
“Your dad ever laid a hand on you, for anything, and I’ll drag him outta heaven to put him down behind my shed,” Bobby snaps, angry enough that Dean doesn’t doubt that he’s being honest.
The temperature keeps dropping around them, Dean can see his breath. He tries to tally how far it is to the car. Can he make it? Because if they can get to the car then— then there are wards. Holy oil.
“Yeah. You, uh, you be safe out there. Shit between heaven and hell might be getting worse,” Dean says.
“I don’t know why he… about me,” Dean can’t say this with Cas, he sure as hell can’t spit it out about Benny, “I’ll be careful. But I’m with someone else. Benny shouldn’t— nothing can happen. So he’s all yours. Take care of him, okay?”
, but Dean doesn’t have too much intention. Doesn’t feel like Cas does either. They’re both vibing, breathing, feeling this connection between them. Have they always been heading to this moment? Has it just taken both of them this many years to wake up and realize?
Dean wants to tell Sam he’s being an idiot. If Cas was being fucked up by physical wounds, he’d be dead right now. Angel blades hit the angels in their true selves, but… but it’s something. It’s movement, action. Dean can patch up wounds.
“We’ll see,” Dean agrees, and he leans back against the counter, “is that what you wanted to talk about?”
And then he realizes what it’s saying and his breath lodges in his throat. It can smell him. It can find him. He’s totally fucked.
“I’ll take care of you,” Cas says, and his voice drops a bit lower when he’s horny. Dean grins and leans back on his elbows. Lets his legs fall further open.
had a shitload of heaven’s doctrines embedded in him even after he thought he’d gotten free of them all!”
Cas gives them. Dean wants to drag in a blanket, something to wrap around him. He wants to get Cas to stop talking, to give him some time to collect himself, to be safe, without Sam or Bobby jumping down his throat.
“I can think of other ways to get dirty,” Dean flirts. Cas’ healing cleaned Dean up. He’d love to enjoy being clean before they have to smother him in blood and guts again.
“What if we institutionalized him?” Bobby asks, “put him under a fake name, let the people who know how to handle this shit handle it. And we come back and get him when it’s safe again.”
. It’s like rotten meat left to cook in the sun. It’s the worst landfill Dean’s ever driven past. It’s only the lifetime of digging up dead bodies that keeps Dean from gagging.
This whole coddling with no solution, knowing the problem is there and not solving it, is so foreign to Dean. Will sitting and watching a movie with his brother help his brother’s nightmares? No, of course not. But it’s what Sam wants.
There’s only comfortable room for one other person on the pullout, and angel or not, Cas looks like he needs to lay down too. Dean can give him the space and go crawl upstairs to die for a little while.
Sam’s screaming, and he won’t stop. He won’t respond to Dean, and he sounds— fuck he sounds like someone’s
“Cas is on our side right now, but,” Bobby pauses a moment, “but he’s made some pretty big screwups.”
“I’m scared that if I go home, I’ll see all of the damage I did. All of the angels I killed, the destruction I caused. And I— I’ll kill myself. Like I should have in purgatory.”
Death’s voice cuts clear through the haze of unconsciousness, “Provided you don’t do anything stupid, they will all recover. I’ll return then. Keep an eye on them Robert.”
“Experimenting,” Cas says, and then he’s got that smile he gets when he’s smug and proud of himself and it makes Dean want to kiss him, “besides, you explained to me that sex is more about the journey. So let’s take a journey together.”
Just him and Cas. Forever. It sounds… it sounds peaceful. To be out of the loop, to be out of the fighting. If Cas has him, then… then maybe there’s no chance of anyone ever bringing him back. Maybe when Dean is done, when his life is over, that can be it. No chance of being brought back to fight or to obey orders or anything like that.
They talk about summoning Cas, trapping him in holy oil, to interrogate him. Dean can’t stomach the thought. Because either Cas is honest, and something is
sleep. Sam’s been quiet in the passenger’s seat the last few hours. They’ve got a lead on some potential leviathan activity, and they’re driving through the night to get there. Bobby’s headlights are in his rearview.
Thank you to everyone who has taken the time to leave a comment! You're the best and I adore and cherish you <33
“Leviathans like groups. Means there’s more to eat,” Benny explains, “the bigger your party, the more they want to join. That’s why you stay in small groups when you’re out in the woods.”
“Death said y’all would be okay with a few days’ rest,” Bobby reminds them, “so, I think it’s safe to say we’re gonna lay low for a bit.”
They have to stop frequently for breaks. Dean needs to sleep more, and even then he’s still tired. More than normal. He only eats every few days, but he’s losing his appetite. Benny forces him to eat. Starts digging up roots, bark, anything he can find to try and get some nutrients into Dean.
Sam’s all sensitive and pro-people doing whatever. He’d get his big sad eyes on, and want to go over every little thing he’s ever said to Dean that might have hurt his feelings. Everyone would walk on eggshells around him, afraid to say something wrong. And what if Dean doesn’t care? Is he supposed to start policing people now? Does he have to go around telling
“Hey,” Dean scolds. Maybe that one was a little too harsh. Cas is the ace up their sleeve. The only reason he doesn’t smite anything is because the leviathans would be able to sense it. He's basically fighting with a huge handicap.
Oh. Oh fuck. Human years have dulled the memories, and trying to suppress it helps too, but the feeling of his soul being carved into on Alistair’s rack is still enough to give Dean nightmares.
"We might never know," Cas says, "I may never find out what I am, and as long as you are alive and as long as I am not welcome in heaven, I might remain bound to you. But I thought about it, Dean, and I realized that at this moment... even if I wasn't bound to you, I would be here."
that Dean’s in love with Cas. Dean gets back to his feet. He should let go of Cas’ hand, put his hand on a less intimate part of Cas like his shoulder, but Cas won’t let go of him.
“I have to add,” Bobby says, and Dean braces himself for what’s next, “Cas is part of the family, so, it’s my duty to do this: you be carefully with him—”
“But you’re an archangel’s vessel,” Sam reminds him, “our souls can contain a lot more grace than normal people—”
Dean’s ears get hot, and he looks away rather than argue for it. He takes Bobby’s spot sitting on the edge of the pullout. Looks at his and Cas’ hands together and wonders how hard it would be to load everyone into the car and go home.
It doesn’t matter, he reminds himself. He locked it away once, he can do it again. He was queer in purgatory, but he’s home now. He’s got a role to fill. A job to do. Obligations and responsibilities. He can’t afford to be queer.
“So everything we’ve been doing hasn’t been real enough? All the sex and shit we’ve said, it’s come down to: if we fuck right now— that’s it. I’m signing a contract and my soul is yours for eternity?” Dean laughs.  This is ridiculous.
“It’s okay, it’s okay Cas,” Dean absolves him. He can still see that burn of Cas’ grace in his eyes, fighting to break through, but Cas isn’t going to make it in time, “it’s gonna be okay.”
and he doesn’t have time to realize he wasn’t against it, and then Cas is breaking all the rules, is turning on Heaven, for Dean, and he’s standing in Chuck’s kitchen and promising “I’ll hold them off, I’ll hold them
. This should be leading to them getting in each others’ faces, to pushing and shoving and saying mean things they’ll regret later. Sam isn’t getting up. He’s not… why isn’t he mad?
The foot in front of them has blood bubbling out from under it— dark and viscous. It’s leaking down the leviathan’s leg like the creature is soaked in it. Like it just crawled out of some tar pit. They can’t fight this thing. If it comes after them, Dean’s best chance is to throw Benny down and hope that slows it enough to get away.
“You heard me,” Dean shrugs, trying to be nonchalant, “Cas and I, we uh, talked. We’re okay to, you know, stay like this. With my soul supporting him, he’s free from heaven.”
“Wait— wait feel?” Dean catches on, lowers his voice so Bobby won’t hear him, “what do you mean feel? I thought that mate shit was just like, a solemn vow. Are you telling me you can
“Maybe… maybe at the time he thought it was right,” Dean says. But who the fuck is he to speculate on God and divine plans. Dean’s just the wrench that breaks the machine.
They get Cas onto Bobby’s couch. He’s bleeding everywhere, and shining hot grace-light. Dean falls into familiar territory. He’s played triage for Dad, Sam and even himself since Dad taught him stitches when he was seven.
Dean braces himself on one arm long enough to help, to show Cas how he can hold their dicks together in a loose fist, so when Dean thrusts into Cas’s hand, their cocks slide together. And it’s dry as shit right now, neither of them are hard-hard yet, but Cas is getting there and Dean’s hoping he’s got another round in him because this is
Sam’s wild-eyed and shaking. His nose starts bleeding. Dean wants to run to him, can’t move, and can’t take his eyes off of the sheer
Every other day Cas cuts open his arm, and lets Dean drink from him. There’s something here about angels versus demons versus Sam versus Dean. Dean half expects Cas’ blood to taste sweet, or divine in some way. It tastes like the blood he’s had in his teeth when he takes a hit.
Sam’s white-knuckling the steering wheel. They’re flying along an empty highway in broad daylight. Dean’s curled in the passenger seat, head against the window.
“You’re nice like that,” Dean fills in. They share a soft laugh over the line. Dean thinks his sounds more nervous than he means it to.
he feels inside. His muscles are sandpaper. His eyelids have weights on them. He wants to lay down and sleep right where he’s standing, not drag Sam’s gigantor ass all the way upstairs. Besides, if Sam’s dead that means they’re all gonna have to sit around being sad about it and means Dean won’t be able to get any sleep. Or maybe it means Dean can go right to bed. If Sam’s dead and they don’t have to take care of him.
— queer— mean a death sentence? When did those things become the same in his head? Openly queer was for those normal people, so far removed from the world that they thought their biggest problem was picking what outfit to wear. Hunters can’t be queer, because queer doesn’t survive. It’s why Dad trained him and Sam not to be soft. To recognize people who
Dean doesn’t want to go back to the straightjackets for sleep, to having to tie Sam into the car. He feels like a support beam with a fracture— one more hit and everything is going to collapse.
Sam taps Bobby and makes a mangled sound. He grimaces, like it hurts to talk, but Dean can recognize his own name. Keeping contact with Cas, Dean moves forwards to give Sam a pat on the shoulder.
“I don’t regret saving you,” Dean explains himself first, “but… you’re stuck to me now. I’m… I’m sorry.”
“Well we reek of sex, and, I’d rather not feel all soul-drained by myself,” Dean figures, “so, care to join me?”
It’s a shock when Benny shoves him into a tree. Hand over Dean’s mouth, body pressed close. Dean has vivid memories to Cas doing this to him in the green room. When Dean thought Cas wanted to fuck him. Does Benny?
It’s more than muscle memory at this point, it’s pure instinct, and Dean starts swinging. He’s sure he made a mess. His heart is in his throat, his eyes feel bloodshot with rage. If he can’t trust Sam and Bobby— and how could he? They’re both too weak, they wouldn’t have survived purgatory, they don’t understand— so he goes to the safest place he can think of.
Black leviathan goo leaks out from between its massive teeth, dripping constantly in an endless torrent that splatters in the leaf litter below.
Cas brings him home, back to Bobby’s, and heals him. Dean doesn’t feel any relief from the tension, from this
“None of that,” Cas says, deadpan, “we are… infinite," and Dean can't help himself, he rolls his eyes, and Castiel continues, "It… it is difficult to describe as your species has never developed words or concepts that adequately apply to what I am. ”
an archangel before,” Dean sighs, “was that like… you and Sam say weird shit about magic all the time. Was that Death being, like, metaphorical?”
Sam’s limp as a rag doll. Dean doesn’t want to, but he copies Bobby. If he does what Bobby does then he can be sure he’s not being a soulless asshole.
“Are you injured?” Cas asks. He’s got an arm wrapped around his stomach, and he’s half doubled over.
A short chapter, but by no means an unimportant one. This chapter features one of my fav scenes between Bobby and Dean in the whole story <33 You'll note that Bobby and Dean have a unique relationship than Sam and Bobby do. Sam is, without a doubt, Bobby's son and gets treated as such. Dean is
Sometimes Cas drops in, and Dean feels speechless that he gets this. That Cas is still here, despite everything. That Cas has died so many times, that they’ve been separated so many times, and that Cas loves him, and Cas keeps coming back. He keeps choosing Dean.
Sam stumbles in as Dean’s talking, face flushed and hair sticking to his forehead because he’s drunk and sweaty. Dean only thinks about how close he and Cas are standing together after Sam shouts,
“What the hell was that?” Dean demands, and he looks to Cas for help because Dean is so fucking out of his element with psychic shit, “did you teach him that?”
“I have always wanted to save my home,” Cas admits, “but now I don’t know if that will ever be possible. For me. And I don’t know what that means for me if I can never return.”
?” Benny hisses. The piece of Cas connected to the vessel vibrates like a guitar string. Dean feels the tremor of it in the hair on his arms, the back of his neck. It’s almost like a leviathan roar. And then the whole there-but-not-there translucent mass of Cas’ body crawls into the vessel like sucking jello through a straw.
Purgatory warnings apply. Things are gross, rough and there's a little bit of body horror for good measure!
“Samuel,” Death says casually, “you’re a smart boy. There is a hierarchy to the world, yes? One thing is always stronger than the next?”
want to have sex with Cas. He does. There’s a few sessions that start to get pretty close, that Dean wonders if they should cross that line. And by the time he thinks about asking what Cas wants, he decides he’s not ready to ruin what they’ve got going for them. Because once this escalates, there’s no going back.
Sorry for the delay! The Euro final went into OT and penalty shots AND THEN I went and got in my pool and was too comfy to on the floaty to get out haha.
“I know what my Dad would have done if he were here. And I think that… I don’t want to do that,” Dean says carefully.
Death hesitates at the display. It’s just like Raphael when Dean and Cas trapped him. There’s frost forming on the floor, in Bobby’s beard. Dean’s finding it hard to breathe.
Sam taps at Bobby, who hasn’t gotten up from the bed, and then pats his own stomach. He makes a sound that Dean assumes is an attempt on the word ‘hungry’.
“So why’d he kiss me?” Dean asks, and maybe he’s making problems but this doesn’t make sense to him, “I thought vamps were mated for life?”
Dean pushes off the wall and holds out his hand. Cas reaches out to grab him, fingers around Dean’s bare wrist, and Dean sees stars. The intensity of the pain is gone, all that remains is an ache like a deep bruise.
But then they’re in the green room, and Cas grabs him and pins him against the wall and Dean wonders
Dean bares his teeth as he talks, “You think that’s what I want?” He dreamed about sucking Benny off the other night. So far he’s pretty sure Benny doesn’t know.
“Hey, baby!” Dean coos as he jogs up to the impala. Right where they left her. And she’s still in one piece! Dean slides into the drivers seat and turns the ignition. Starts up like a dream, and purrs beautifully. She’s been dormant for too long, time to get her on the road and let her run.
, if you can even call him that, is gone. They both are. After he shot his partner, I was shocked. It was not what I had expected to happen and it made me hesitate. I shouldn’t have… and because I did, he was able to fire off a shot at you before I took him down.”
Anna screeched, throwing her arms around Castiel’s shoulder and toppling them back into the pillows. “I knew it, I knew it!” she said into his hair as she squeezed him harder.
“Claire!” Castiel spoke now, turning back to face them. “Remember what we talked about as far as what makes an appropriate topic of conversation?”
Lisa liked a glass of wine after dinner and Dean would drink his beer, only he didn’t stop after Lisa’s glass was finished and she went up to bed. He was excited to be a dad, though he was wholly unprepared for it; what if he fucked up? What if he ruined this kid beyond all repair? What if he made his kid feel like they couldn’t be themselves and had to watch them be miserable for years and years? He drank enough to keep his anxiety away.
Stunned, she reeled to the side before gaining momentum to lunge at him once more. The few seconds were all he needed, however, and he plunged a kitchen knife straight into her heart.
Castiel nodded and looked around the space. “We can get some paint this weekend, if you want a color other than eggshell.”
Castiel hated hospitals. Even more so, he hated hospitals when someone he loved was laying in the hospital bed. Claire was very much awake, of course, the scowl only slightly askew on her face as she glared at him, royally pissed that he’d taken her to the hospital in the first place, but it didn’t calm his anxiety any.
“Woodbury’s The Governor type of unhinged?” Charlie offered and Dean clapped his hands together in delight.
“Who are you?” Dean asked, his voice sounding wrecked, and he cleared his throat, suddenly realizing how dry it was. “Where-”
He looked over at Castiel, stretched out on the bed with an arm up over his head. His eyes were closed, but Dean knew he wasn’t sleeping. Dean toed off his boots and walked between the beds, bending down so he wouldn’t hit his head on the top bunk.
“Ehhh,” Dean drawled, giving a shrug. “I’m sure if one of the father’s wanted to try and fight a custody battle, they would have to go to court and explain to a judge why they thought it was a good idea to beat the crap out of their families. Of course, when kids are involved, they don’t get child support, so I make sure they’re able to support themselves.”
The rest of the day passed by quickly and it was busy enough that Dean, thankfully, wasn’t able to perseverate on Castiel coming over. Ben was ecstatic when he bound into the nurse’s room at the end of the day, surprising Dean.
Castiel dried his hands on a towel and opened the fridge to pull out a soda, handing it over to Dean before the three of them went into the living room. Dean sat down in his normal spot on the loveseat but before Castiel could sit beside him, Meg slid into the space, already grinning wide.
Sam chuckled and put the radio back. Dean raised a brow, shaking his head. “What the fuck was that?”
Every morning, he'd woken with the sun, and Balthazar and his mate, Anna, had taken him to a new part of the castle grounds to show him something new and fascinating. He'd once thought their stone castle in the mountainside was large -- it was
“Shit,” Dean whispered, his stomach twisting in nervous anticipation, his fingers itching to touch. Castiel was tanned, and though he was on the leaner side due to their circumstances, he was well toned. A light dusting of hair started at his belly button, and Dean’s eyes followed it down with a hungry gaze.
“Uhh…” Dean hadn’t thought that far ahead. He hadn’t truly believed Castiel would say yes. Which, true, was probably stupid - Dean was obviously good with kids, he had a son of his own, and Castiel had seen him and Jack interacting and knew he cared for the boy. “Whatever is easiest for you? I mean, he doesn’t have anything with him at school, so he’ll probably have to go home for pajamas and stuff.”
It was easier to talk to her about things, to hum and nod and and agree to whatever she was saying. He cared about Lisa, maybe even loved her a little. She was warm and soft at his side, the sex was excellent, and she was beautiful and smart. She was an amazing Mom. She was everything he should’ve wanted to have in his life, but she wasn’t anything he did.
Castiel had a shotgun strapped to his back and he could see the pistol on Jody’s hip, but neither one of them wanted to draw unwanted attention. Where the melee fighting in the street attracted other Lifeless to them, a gunshot could mean death. Dean wondered if their hearing and other senses were better now that they’d changed.
“I miss helping people, putting on a clean pair of scrubs and explaining the same procedures again and again to my patients’ family members. The city traffic, however, I do not miss.” Castiel turned his head and winked at Dean then, making Dean laugh. “I think if anyone misses that, they’re truly a masochist.”
“Um,” Castiel replied eloquently, glancing back up and over at his father, then his mother, looking for any sign of a trap. While Chuck had stopped eating and was listening, he didn’t
Dean smiled and nodded, as Castiel pulled the blankets up around them tighter. “Yeah, I am,” Dean whispered, his throat clicking as he swallowed. “I’m… afraid, too. What if…” Dean trailed off, Castiel hugging him tighter.
“When Gilda got pregnant, I was the psycho Mom. We’d been planning this for years, you know? We debated on who was going to carry the munchkin, and I was not thrilled at the idea of being pregnant, though I would’ve done it if she wanted me to. I go back and forth feeling guilty that I wasn’t the one pregnant when shit hit the fan.”
That left trying to break into any of the houses way more dangerous than it was worth in the dark, and the few churches they could see rising above the houses a lost cause. They would have to skirt around the town, just in case the painted threat would be followed through.
tongue should be. “We should sleep,” Cas whispered, shifting back away from Dean, though the small smile he gave him meant he wasn’t upset.
So much for not being anxious. Castiel sighed and nodded his head, wiping his hands on the towel over his shoulder before hanging it back up on the stove.
Something in his voice gave way, and Castiel sighed but didn’t argue, instead turning to fish through their gear for the flashlight. When he flicked it on, he shined it on Dean’s lap, a brow raised as he waited for Dean to explain.
“We… we should get back,” Dean said, refusing to look back at Castiel. He looked towards the horses, both of them dipping down and drinking from the river. “The horses will need their evening feed soon, and I’m sure your husband will be expecting you back.”
Dean tugged on Castiel's shirtsleeve, jerking his head after Sam who was already heading towards the door. They called their farewell's to Bobby as the older man turned back to the forge to complete what he'd been working on before they'd gotten to town.
The house was quiet, the sound of the night time outside blocked out completely by the gentle hum of central air. His bed was too large, too cold, and he rolled onto his side, reaching for someone that wasn’t there.
“Shhhhh,” child Dean whispered loudly, pushing his finger to Mary’s lips as she did the same to him. Mary’s eyes were shining, her smile radiant, and it made Dean’s chest ache.
“God, it’s been too long since I’ve been able to laugh like this,” she said with a smile, looking between them. Dean let his hand slide over Castiel’s right thigh, and Castiel shifted back further on the couch to comfortably hold his hand. He gave a quick squeeze to Dean’s hand and Dean smiled, squeezing back.
“Probably. And speaking of when you were a teenager…” she trailed off and Dean turned his head to look at her. Unlike the normal cool, calm, and collected face he usually saw on her, Claire looked nervous. She was picking at the corner of her phone case and chewing on the inside of her mouth. “How did you, uh, tell your parents that you and Cas were-”
“You really think… you honestly…” Castiel stopped again, giving a sharp laugh. “Dean Winchester, you really don’t think you deserved to be saved?”
“Your brother didn’t want anyone but us to find him,” Castiel said as he rejoined them, holding out the map. Dean just stared at him, glancing down at the map, then back up to his face. “Sam isn’t in Poughkeepsie, but he left this for us to find him.”
God, they were so good. Dean closed his eyes as he licked the cinnamon from his fingers. The taste brought him right back...
He wanted a drink. Or a tranquilizer. He sighed, wondering when the hell he’d gone crazy, but the ache of the chain around his ankle made him shiver for another reason. He brushed his fingers over the pajama pants, wondering what the hell was he supposed to do now?
By the time they were finished, Castiel and Anna sat on the end of the new bed, Amelia’s quilt laid out fully over the bedspread, and looked around the room. It still felt like Jimmy was there with them, but it was much more comfortable than it had been. Castiel no longer felt like an intruder.
“Course I do!” Dean answered. “You think I’d ruin my girl with a CD player?” Dean chuckled but Castiel stayed silent and he glanced to the side to see he was frozen, holding a single tape out of the box. “Cas?”
“Don’t be a dick, Dean,” Charlie muttered, shoving his arm and pushing past him to head towards where Castiel had pointed. Dean sighed and watched Castiel go after her, taking a few running steps to catch up.
Castiel hummed softly, leaning over the map. “I’m worried about most of these cities.” He drew his finger across Indianapolis, Cincinnati, Columbus, and Pittsburg. “While we can theoretically avoid everything except Cleveland if we stay slightly north of them, something in my gut tells me that this entire area is going to be a hot zone.”
Why did the thought of losing Castiel hurt him so much more than remembering the way he’d lost Lisa?
The ride was quick and Dean had just managed to turn his mind off when he pulled into the parking lot to see Castiel’s car. Jack was skipping around the car, Claire and Castiel leaning against the side, talking to one another. Ben made an excited sound and reached for his seatbelt.
“It’s true,” Kevin added as he pushed open the doors, stepping inside and holding them open for the group. Dean held his breath as they stepped through, turning to watch if Kevin was going to lock the door behind them. He didn’t, however, and simply walked forward, continuing to talk. “The city had a bunch of these cots and stuff here, just in case there was a natural disaster or something. It was set up with a bunch of food and supply reserves in the basement, too, and Chuck organizes teams to go out into the city for supplies.”
. The night before they were set to start on their move, he’d finally broken down and asked Gabriel to tell him whatever happened to the Winchesters, and his brother’s reply did nothing to soothe his nerves.
“Uh,” Castiel started, and Dean watched as he tried to place the scene in his mind. Dean squeezed his hand and took a step forward, Charlie leaning back from him in surprise.
Castiel placed his hand on Jack’s head, smoothing his hair, and let himself look. Dean’s eyes were lowered, but still looking at Castiel, and Castiel took a deep breath. “Sorry again, Dean,” he said lowly, watching the shiver go through him. “I hope you and Ben enjoy the rest of your breakfast.”
It had taken a while to get to this place. Lisa had taken Ben away just before his second birthday, telling Dean he needed to get his shit together before he lost them forever, and Dean had spiraled even further. Without Castiel, he’d been a wreck, but without Ben? There was nothing for Dean. Instead of drinking every night, he woke up and started instead. He was never found without a drink in his hand, except for when he was at work, and fuck if he wasn’t the luckiest son of a bitch there was for not losing his license or his job.
“Oh boy, you are a jumpy one!” Garth laughed, his sneakers squeaking as he walked across the floor. Jesse and Kevin broke off then, heading over to the sleeping area. “Come on then!”
“Listen,” Sam whispered, giving Castiel’s shoulder a squeeze. He nodded absently, eyes trained on Dean who was focused on staring at the ground. Benny tapped his shoulder, getting Dean to nod, and then the large man started playing once more.
Dean’s chair scraped as he shoved it back, releasing Castiel’s hand so he could move around the table. He knelt down at Castiel’s side, taking both of his hands in his own. Behind him, Jessica made a soft sobbing sound and Dean smiled.
During the days, Kelly and Jack moved around the house, talking in hushed voices. Between his mornings with Jack and talking with Castiel, and the short moments he had with Kelly before she went to bed exhausted, he gathered that Kelly was sick. She had survived cancer years ago, although she lost her husband in the process, and it had been her and Jack since he was just two. This past year, she received the news that she was no longer in remission. The cancer had metastasized, and while Dean didn’t know very much about cancer, he knew that it didn’t sound good.
“Said they didn’t,” Benny answered with a shrug. “Were trying to be friendly, asked us if we needed anything, how many of us were here. If we had enough food and supplies for the winter…”
Chuck inhaled deeply, forcing himself back to calm and drained his drink, setting the glass down on the comforter beside him.
He didn’t know what this meant, not for him. Lisa hadn’t been bit, not that he knew of… the radio broadcast never actually covered how the disease was transmitted or even the process of infection. For all he knew, he was now a dead man walking, and the moment he stopped to sleep would be the end.
He smoothed his hands down his simple tunic, looking around his chambers for the last time. He moved to the table by the fireplace, picking up the latest letter he’d received from his father – this one less angry, thankfully, but demanding a spring trip to the mountain so his parents could properly meet his mate. It was progress, though Dean had turned green when Castiel had showed it to him.
But if they all piled into the Kia, a lot of things would have to be left behind. It would be hard for them all if it wasn’t easy to find Sam. They would have to find shelter that was safe and warm for all of them and find replacements for whatever they were forced to leave behind.
The last truck had a gas can in the back, unfortunately empty. The window, however, was cracked enough for him to stand on the running board to reach in and unlock the door.
Castiel nodded and then started again, “The second thing is even on her worst day, when she’s angry and she’s ugly and nothing is going right - the car’s broken, the chores are out of control, the money is tight… can you still love her like you do on the days she’s beautiful, and happy, and rested and everything in the world is going right?”
“Anyway, we got to put up these tents in case it rained, but they let us sleep under the stars! Dad, can we do that? The backyard is big enough, isn’t it?”
"God, Cas, I've wanted to do that since I met you in the courtyard," Dean replied against his mouth. "You looked so handsome standing there in the sunlight... I hadn't even planned on heading that way, but the idea of not seeing you, not seeing your face, was too much to bear. When I realized who you were..."
