“I need to be in Washington tomorrow. The meetings will take a few days, a week tops. Think I’m gonna take a hotel.”
Steve exclaimed louder than he’d intended, and another breathy laugh escaped his lips. So Tony had told Bruce—even showed him—because he’d
“Hey man,” Rhodes warned. “That’s my best friend you’re trash-talking about. Better check what you’re saying.”
that,” he said, flexing his shoulders. “Love has never been our problem. His tendency to think he knows better is, followed closely by his conviction that I won’t listen to any of his ideas. Don’t know how often I told him to run these things by me first. I promised to hear him out no matter what, and yet…” He waved at the air around them, smiling tiredly. “Here we are.”
“Nothing will happen,” Steve said. “And I’ll go with you, end of discussion. I’m still your team leader, after all.”
* * *
Still half asleep, Tony stumbled over to the cradle.
[J.A.R.V.I.S.] [chat_server:46954]
Steve wasn't sure where he even was anymore. All he knew was that the bed was soft, and Tony's fingers teasing, and that he was burning, but still needed more warmth. He felt completely unhinged, and that could've been terrifying if it hadn't been for Tony. All he could think of now was getting Tony inside of him instead of these fingers.
Negative headshakes were her only answer.
Next to Steve, Tony took the flash drive out of his pocket, putting it into the port. Immediately, the computer around him sprang to life. On the screen in front of him, a single line of text appeared.
“Just leave me the hell alone!” Tony yelled back. “I don’t need your pity and I don’t need your fake smiles, okay? So just stop this… weird game of chicken or whatever it is you’re doing because it’s messing with my head!”
“Which is exactly why you’re not going to be sacrificed,” Natasha all but snapped. Tony knew she was very protective towards Bruce. He had never managed to ask her why, but he figured it had something to do with her knowing exactly how hard it was to have others make decisions for you.
Sam’s voice sounded doubtful, and Steve knew where he was coming from. They had searched for hours, driving around the city’s outskirts near a former US Army landing ground in Vienna where the unauthorized plane had landed earlier.
Yeah, it sure seemed that way. He wanted to say something, but words always seemed clumsy and rarely worked for him unless he used them to motivate troops—and later in his life, students—towards a clear goal.
“I know you,” Steve said quietly, nearing Tony slowly… carefully. “And I never thought you were this sort of guy.”
He grimaced. “That’s not what I meant.”
Vision looked no less uncomfortable than Tony felt. He held up a plate with a bunch of sandwiches on top.
Stark nodded and there was visible relief on his face. “Good work, Brucie.”
about you. How much I hated myself for not taking chances when they should’ve been taken. For treating you the way I did back then. For not telling you about your parents. It wasn’t fair. I know.“ He paused briefly, gathering his words. “I also know we can be difficult. Especially together. But… Tony… I’m ready to face those difficulties. Even when I was in the future—even when everything was as perfect as it could possibly be, even when I had a version of you who loved me, I still missed
Slowly but steadily… Steve had become his reason for everything. Tony hadn’t
. Like he hadn’t only been a convenient business-partner, but a true friend… and maybe more.
“Have you noticed anything weird about Vision lately?”
Barnes, however, shot him a look and held the Scotch out of reach, mercifully not saying what Tony already knew: He’d had enough for the night.
Tony wiped his mouth with the back of his hand, feeling the warmth move down his throat and into his chest. Great feeling, he thought, and decided to have more right away.
“By holding a gun at everyone on Earth and calling it protection?” Steve countered, and with that, the battle over semantics fell to a draw. It was easier to speak with Fury in absolutes. Easier to ignore the doubt in his mind—the very real fear that he was playing to the desire of people rather than doing it for the right cause.
“Good. We just have to find a thermometer,” Steve murmured, turning around.
“The battle.”
Tony swallowed. “Strange,” he replied, then added, breathily, “
“We’re stronger than this, you know that. You didn’t leave me when I messed up with Ultron. I won’t leave you. We’re a team, a family, we fight, we mess up, we get over it, remember? I won’t leave you.”
A beat passed between them. “Not one we’ve thought up yet,” Tony added quietly, as Steve draped an arm around his upper body and helped him walk to the next room.
“That’s impossible,” Natasha said next to Steve. “SHIELD would have stopped you.”
There was nothing.
* * 6/24/22, 11:17 AM * *
The Stones were vanishing, one after the other, but all of a sudden, there was an odd vibration in the air.
“I suppose that depends on the point of view,” he said. “He caught on to Steve a month in.”
“We couldn’t work on the implants,” Tony explained. “He wasn’t stable enough.”
He didn’t usually mind the wilderness. He didn’t mind being outside during the sticky heat of summer or the blistering cold of winter. But those last days had really done a number on the two of them. They hadn’t been able to eat much, and they’d spent most of the day lying in their shelter, trying to keep warm and save energy.
"Ah..."
“So much,” Tony said instantly, turning his head a little sideways so he could kiss Steve properly.
It was probably a bit strange that it had taken him this long. They’d gone through so much together, not just Steve and him, but the whole team. And amazingly, they’d settled each problem coming their way as a united force.
“That’s one of the things I’m wondering about,” Steve agreed.
Steve was staring down at him, his fingers curled around Tony’s middle. “You know, the first night we met, I’d just gotten the serum and… Erskine had died in my arms. And I lay down on my bed, and I kept thinking that I didn’t want to be alone, and that there had to be some meaning to all of this. So I made a wish…”
him? Just like that, some final barrier was crossed. They’d both stumbled headfirst into this, not holding back and therefore falling so fast it was a bit dizzying. And maybe they really
Steve shook his head. He couldn’t say anything. The air was cold against his skin. He was barren and exposed—virtually naked in front of Tony. Naked in ways he hadn’t been before. He’d finally unveiled the last part of himself that he’d tried to keep secret. It was his fault for falling in love with a ghost from the future, but it was also Tony’s for allowing it to happen. For making Steve believe, even reluctantly, he had reason to hope beyond dreaming.
Anyway. The bed was a 2-man standard, and everything was kept in light colors. There were sketchbooks and post-its, a notebook, various mission folders, and even a few silly Avengers merch products on the window sills.
you, we talked about this!”
They both stilled, then started laughing.
Steve licked his lips and awkwardly shifted his weight from one foot to the other. “I remember.”
SR 5:23 P.M.>Will make it up to you
Steve stepped closer, pulling him even nearer. “It means I considered this before you came back, Tony. Before you changed anything. And that means I thought about you in your previous timeline as well. You think that other version of me hated you. That he willingly left you behind, that you didn’t matter to him. But I know--Tony I
He had fallen for Steve, hadn’t he?
So, this had the potential to end very bad, and he had no idea where to go from here if his worst suspicions really came true. He loved Steve like he never loved anyone in his life. It had taken him a while to even voice those words, but the feeling had been there from the start.
“That was fast,” Tony commented idly. He didn’t know how long they’d been here, but it sure hadn’t been three hours.
Tony carded his fingers through the blonde hair, gently bobbing Steve’s head up and down his length. It wasn’t like Steve needed the encouragement, but by now, he knew Steve liked a little hair-pulling and the general illusion of being controlled like this.
“I have to go to the city for a few days,” he told him. “A business meeting. Obi insists I should go myself.”
Yeah, he wouldn’t be sitting through a team debriefing.
So Tony tapped a few more buttons, blocking each device nearby.
to lie to you, you’d never know. But that’s not why we didn’t tell you about Barnes.”
He pointed towards a few small bloodstains on the inside of the tanks.
, was definitely a place that looked very much lived-in. Every room was filled with light, every piece of furniture neat and spotless.
“Look at you,” Tony teased with some amusement. “You’re redder than the roses over there.”
“Yeah, yeah…” Tony grunted and pressed himself more fully against Steve’s warm body. “Just don’t make it a habit. I’m sick of your strays. If you could, you’d just stuff my whole tower with these kinds of people.”
“I made a few improvements while I was at it,” Tony murmured at one point.
Ian didn’t want a bottle, and when Tony popped the pacifier in his mouth, he spat it back out again. Humming didn’t work. Walking didn’t work. Bouncing didn’t work. He tried rocking, and Ian still wouldn’t stop crying.
“Dada,” Ian hiccupped. “Sleep.”
“I don’t even know why I’m surprised,” Steve heard Stane snap, his voice angry. “If you’d done everything like you were supposed to, we wouldn’t be here now.”
“Remember,” Strange said behind him. “These are just temporal possibilities. Time, like threads, always forms its patterns. Any weave can be unraveled and woven again, so if you unravel it, you’ll have to weave it differently.”
“I know,” Steve replied. He pressed his erection against Tony’s bottom, teasing his rim before pulling back again.
Steve rolled his eyes as he cast Tony an unimpressed glance. “Yeah, well, I don’t like other fellas anymore, either, smart-ass.”
He could hear Steve swallow. “Good. Thank you.”
Steve huffed, and cast him a very disapproving look from where he was hovering over Tony’s belated Christmas-miracle-chubby.
Tony startled, then pinched his nose. Of course, he thought and turned around.
The revelation led to a series of phone calls questioning Tony’s stability when he’d identified the woman currently lying in the Stark tomb, and soon enough, the whole city—
“We are. Unfortunately,” the blond man—Agent Barton—explained. “It has her initials. And the police has been searching Mrs. Stark’s boat for a long while.”
“And we… we were only ever friends?” Steve asked, his voice quiet.
“Oh Steve,” Peggy whispered and slowly raised her right hand to cup Steve’s cheek. “It’s not your job to save everyone, you know? It’s not your job to—to…”
With each second, the vertigo intensified, throbbing and twisting nauseatingly; it felt as though each movement was shifting the blade inside. He hadn’t noticed how bad it had been at first. Now that the adrenalin had died down, the stabbing pain was like a siren, impossible to ignore.
No—that wasn’t Tony. Steve
“No,” Steve said as he reached forward to pull at Tony’s shirt. Tony raised himself up on his elbows, helping him, then dropped down on the mattress again. Once Tony’s chest was bared, Steve immediately leaned down, tonguing one of Tony’s nipples, pushing the soft nub inwards and smiling when Tony shivered. “I also checked you out in the river,” he confessed without looking up.
By the end of the next day, Clint had him addicted to Plants vs. Zombies.
“No, it’s not too late,” Tony amended, his voice cautious. “It’ll be more difficult, especially when we bring Bucky back into the picture.”
would do this right. That was on me alone.”
There was a loud crowing coming from the woods, and Tony startled, the knife skidding across the surface of the wood. Steve caught its handle in a blur of super soldier speed before the razor edge of the blade could impact with Tony’s knee.
He glanced around the room, at Pepper’s and Maria’s stoic faces, and huffed a loud breath. “How can you be so calm?” Tony asked, feeling irritated. “Is it a girl thing?”
“You kinda ruined me for everyone else,” he murmured softly, “that... might become a problem one day but otherwise, no, I don’t regret any of it.”
“Are you asking me if seeing my son like that—crying and afraid—was a second from giving me a giant heart-attack? Yes. Did it make me want to punch Bucky in the face for a minute? Sure. But I never blamed him for it, it’s not his—
“These things really are a pain in the butt,” Tony said with false cheer. “Next thing on my to-do list, I swear.”
“You stopped drinking,” Steve commented as Tony leaned forward with as much grace as he could muster, reaching for the now-empty tumbler and refilling the glass.
A hand touched his shoulder, staying there. “It’ll be alright,” Tony said. “If you want it—we’ll find a way to each other. The two of us, we went through so much. And whatever your Tony does and says, I assure you it’s not because he doesn’t feel for you, he’s just…” He shrugged. “A man who’s not too got with handling his own emotions. He doesn’t believe you’re a possibility. So he won't get too close.”
Steve parted his lips and slipped his tongue into Tony’s mouth, dancing it lightly over the edges of his teeth and wrapping it around his own.
The electricity flowed from Mjolnir into the cradle, and Steve focused in, picturing each lightning strike as a pulse of life, and the cradle a window into the unknown. Muttering some mumbled words under his breath, Tony put his hands on either side of the armatures.
have a learning system. If everything had worked the way it was supposed to, DUM-E would’ve been able to make his own decisions, to learn what he wanted to do, and behave accordingly around others and…
So this—this life with Tony couldn’t possibly be his.
His gaze moved across Tony’s face, lingering. “No problem,” Steve said as he caught his breath. Then, he glanced at Tony and tried for a smile. “Got it out of your system?”
“Someone I know?”
“Yeah,” he assured him and tugged Tony close for a kiss. “Of course we will.”
Tony released a toneless huff. “Like someone’s carved something outta my head.”
Tony blinked. Then blinked some more. “Well—yeah? Of course you’re going to California.”
Tony stood up at last and walked to the small closet in his workshop. He fetched a t-shirt and a pair of jeans, then turned around, searching for his watch. He
Sometimes, when the weather allowed it, they swam in the river, even when it was not to wash the day away. They played chess with rocks Tony had gathered, they talked here and there, Steve telling stories that were on safe grounds—nothing too personal—, and more often than not, Steve dozed off to the sound of Tony’s voice.
He could feel from the trembles in Tony’s body that he was fighting the urge to thrust his hips against him, though for reasons Steve could not fathom. With his other hand, Steve put his cock in position and licked him once, from base to tip.
“Oh, don’t give me that look. I do wanna be part of the team,” Bucky said on an eye-roll, and that was new—at least, Bucky had never been that clear about it. And the fact that he told Steve now, and without back paddling or flinching at his own honesty, made Steve fiercely proud. “But falling into his hands isn’t worth it. Don’t ask me to do that. You and your people will manage without me just fine.”
To love someone like that.
Steve swallowed. “Yes,” he replied.
“Goddammit,” Tony rasped, moving against Steve, who changed rhythms at his own whim. Soft and hard at the same time—fast but agonizingly slow. Tony’s hands tightened on top of Steve’s, their hips battling. He tried to keep up, but by now, Steve was pounding into him so ruthlessly that he thought the goddamn barn would come crashing down soon.
Steve hummed, eyes briefly lingering on the likely dark circles around Tony’s eyes. “I’m glad, but… no work for the rest of the night, alright? Haven’t seen you in days, wanna spend some time with you.”
And then they were lying there, clasped in each other’s arms, and Steve was kissing Tony over and over again, his mouth desperate on his.
“No,” Tony replied stubbornly. He was practically writhing on Steve’s lap, his unmistakable erection rubbing sensually over Steve’s crotch. In the meantime, he had evidently given up on Steve’s shirt and fumbled with his pants instead. “Want you,” he panted.
“We were briefed about this mission. Together.”
There was a sharp intake of breath as Tony’s hand was suddenly dipping into Steve’s pants, diving right between his legs. “Are you serious?” Tony gasped against his skin, the hitch clear in his voice. “You know, if you’d told me you were going commando tonight, we never would’ve made it to the altar.”
At least, until his murmurs for Indries would leave his lips, inevitably keeping Steve awake all night.
SR 3:04 A.M.>No need for that. Remember what I did for you that morning?
Another distant few seconds. Steve stood stock still. “I just want to talk,” he said after a long lost moment.
“Nothing too crazy. 2018.”
be a time for it—later.
Tony wasn’t an ideal. And that’s why he was perfect.
"I won't know until you do something," he said, breathy and a little lost.
“Just to be clear: I’m the puppet in this, right?” Steve asked, loosening his grip around Tony’s middle. Immediately, Tony turned around and rolled on top of Steve, all but plastering himself on his body. He grinned down on him, and Steve couldn’t help but smile back.
“A… visitor. Who is it?”
When Tony grabbed for him, Steve withdrew and got to his feet. "No, none of that. Come on. If they got the antidote, I want this business dealt with as soon as possible."
At first, Steve had been a bit intimidated by what was awaiting him now. Tony obviously knew about his attraction to him, and he would likely also know that Steve didn’t have a lot of experiences with…
It was loud and piercing, and was yanking him out of a very nice dream by the scruff of his neck. He tried to block the sound by covering his head with another pillow, but it was too persistent. He couldn’t ignore it. Not just because it was so damn loud, but because something inside of his sleep fogged brain was telling him he shouldn’t.
They were standing in front of the guest suite that Steve usually occupied whenever he visited Tony in New York. Fingers entwined, they leaned into each other, with Tony standing on his toes so he could occasionally press little kisses to Steve’s mouth. The debate about sleeping arrangements had accompanied them for the better part of those last weeks, and they had spent a few hours dozing off on the couch while being wrapped around each other, but that was all. No sleeping together, in no way whatsoever.
“I know,” Tony breathed and he could see Steve’s eyes grow distant. And he knew what was going through his head because it was the same for him. That night… it was all there. The dark night sky above the city, the way the air had smelled when he’d made his way back to his domus. He’d felt a potent mixture of sadness and joy when he'd thought of leaving Rome. Sadness, because he wouldn’t see his friends for a long while, and because he wouldn’t be able to do what he’d set out to do… and joy, well. He would be starting a new life with Stephanus, and that was more important than anything else.
Tony being seventeen, a distant voice in his head echoed, and Steve sighed. He couldn't listen to that voice for much longer. Tony seemed downright desperate. And honestly, Steve himself was beginning to lose patience. He wanted to be the kind of guy who could resist the temptation he was facing, at least until Tony was eighteen, but he wasn't. He had no will to refuse.
The other man chuckled at that and Steve pressed one ear against the door to listen to their steps slowly receding.
“So,” Tony prompted, unable to hold back a small smile. “If for some reason, I happened to kiss you again, you wouldn’t object, is that it? Maybe you would even… encourage such scandalous behavior.”
“His lawyers are basically my lawyers, so I wouldn’t worry too much…” His words were followed by a low groan from the bench. When Tony looked up, Obi turned around a little, reaching for his head, and as if on command, there were short but firm clicking sounds coming from the hallway.
Steve watched Tony out of the corner of his eye, worried at how quiet and subdued he suddenly was, wishing so badly to know what was going on in his head.
Steve stared down at the paper, quickly translating the lines and dots to actual words.
“Data,” Steve echoed, furrowing his brows. “You mean SHIELD Intel.”
After getting him cleaned up, Tony tucked Ian into one large swing in the middle of the room and set it in motion, heading back over to the couch where he’d stationed his tablet. Ross had been sending him more and more comments on the Accords, and the irony of it all was, that Tony had a feeling that they were slowly reaching that compromise he believed the rest of the team might have agreed to sign in the first place.
couch,” Tony snapped, even as he was already sinking into the cushion.
“But he doesn’t,” Steve guessed. “Not anymore.”
“Tony wants to meet them at the airport. Bring them all in,” Natasha told him.
Tony braced himself. They hadn’t really talked, yet. Had only shared the necessary information they’d gathered about Thanos, and made a few hurried plans for the next hours. There simply hadn’t been much time for more.
Steve paused, and sure enough, he could feel Tony’s watch beneath his fingertips, the one he knew could easily transform into something very lethal.
Tony pursed his lips as if just realizing that Steve was still looking at him, waiting for an answer. Tony smiled a reassuring smile and leaned forward, closing the space that had forced itself between them. Like he had just a few minutes before, he took Steve’s face in his hands and caressed his cheeks with loving strokes. “We’re here now,” he said slowly. “Can’t we just enjoy that? I can’t… I can’t really think about it now. Not today.”
“Take care of your roast beef,” he said, giving Bruce a small smile. “Then worry about everything else. Steve’s a prof, I’m a student. He’s off limits, got it.”
“Boys…” Natasha called softly. “I wish I could give you the time, but…”
Tony huffed. “You’re no rule follower. I think we’ve established that.”
Steve just… stared. It was startling to see those two versions of the man he loved standing right next to each other. They were so different and yet painfully similar. He walked around the piano, looking down at the teenager with large eyes.
Steve swallowed. Shook his head. “I know my way.”
"Three years ago, at Tony's birthday party," he said, hearing Tony saying something similar.
Tony bit his lower lip, feeling the familiar stab of guilt. He didn’t think he’d ever be completely free of it again—no matter how much time went by, or how much good he managed to do. “You don’t have to make excuses for me.”
“What time issit?” Tony asked, his voice slurred.
Back then, his mother used to say the mind fought ninety-nine percent of the battle. And up until now, Steve’d thought she was right about that. While he’d often found himself looking at other men,
Tony sighed, heavy and loud, showing Steve exactly what he thought of his needling. He did reach behind himself, however, and produced his tablet out of nowhere. He flipped through whatever apps he had running and eventually threw the tablet on the mattress so Steve could reach for it.
Tony sighed. “Of course. The damn optimist.”
“I can’t believe it’s really
It was strange going to furniture stores and picking out sofas, tables, and other essentials to fill their apartment as though they were the epitome of a long-time couple, but Tony enjoyed the hell out of it. There was something so adult about the entire experience, reserved solely for people who could make it this far. They had both moved out of their parents’ houses, and together, they had decorated their new home.
"Okay," Steve said with a nod of the head. Bucky's look read very clearly that he shouldn't be wasting any time, but there was a limit to how much he could advance a relationship in one go.
“I do,” Steve whispered and crushed Tony to him so tightly that he felt their bones might fuse together any moment.
They fitted together like hand in glove, and once the last bot was down, Tony couldn’t help but stare at Steve in utter wonder, as if truly seeing him for the very first time.
, Tony answered after a moment, and the next second, Steve saw a pulse wave leaving the building, sending a vibration through the grounds.
Tony broke off and closed his eyes. There were tears threatening to spill over, and he pinched his nose to get a hold of himself. He had been so blind, so naive to think that Stanus wouldn’t truly hurt him, and that had sealed his doom.
Tony blinked. He’d turned around and now all but started at Steve. “I—What?”
TS 6:43 P.M.>Srsly considering becoming super villain. Maybe if I cause some trouble I’ll finally get to see you again
“What, Steve,” Tony said, his gaze mocking. “You want to tell me you suddenly have feelings for me?”
“That is our way of being nice,” Phil replied, then chuckled, as if remembering something. “You have to admit it though: Who thought this would happen when Nick sent Steve to spy on Tony.”
Tony frowned and turned sideways to inspect the shield currently leaning against his work desk. “I noticed that yours looks a little different,” he mused, brushing a hand over the smooth surface. The vibranium felt somewhat slicker than he remembered it. “What happened with it?”
“True. So how are we doing this?”
not to snap at Steve, but didn’t manage to keep the bite out of his voice.
Tony shook his head. “It’s
There was the lightest touch on his back and Tony turned around. The next thing he knew, Natasha was in his arms and something Russian and almost sweet-sounding left her lips. Tony pressed a soft kiss against her cheek.
Names hadn't been important for a long while, but for whatever reason it seemed important now. He knew that face, and it tried to reconnect in his brain, but the timeframe he’d been given was so small that he couldn’t linger. He flexed his fingers, then pulled the trigger, once, twice.
An easy fix.
Natasha smiled at him with a soft expression. “I think I’ll never fully understand you, Rogers.”
It was a promise, plain and simple, and Tony took a deep breath, and finally nodded.
The thought brought a slight smile to his face, before he remembered the letter, and
Tony paused when he noticed Steve’s expression going blank for a second. It took him a moment before he realized what the thoughtful frown on his face was about, and when he did, he felt a weirdly warm feeling spread through his body.
It was… amazing how quickly life could change, and how little it took to make it a completely different life from the one you’d been leading. Steve had gone from a soldier with no family, to a husband and a father. Somehow, in spite of the wrenching twists and turns life had put him through, he had come out on the other side with a new world filled with love and hope and endless possibilities.
Natasha sighed as she leaned over from her place next to Tony, looking down on the countdown. “We’re cutting a little bit close here.”
Above him, aliens had invaded the sky, heading towards Earth. A strangled cry had torn through Tony’s lips, a hand flying to Steve’s chest, desperate for the reassuring thump of his heart. The heart that had strengthened through victory and suffered more ache than any man Steve’s age should have ever known. The heart that beat no longer.
Laughing, Steve shook his head. Next to him, Tony opened his eyes, obviously ready to give Bucky a piece of his mind, but Steve beat him to it. "Never say that again, Buck," he commanded, then sighed. "Fine. It'd be stupid to drive back now anyway." He nudged Tony. "We’ll stay."
Steve was about to open his mouth and ask what had happened, when a long sigh rolled off Tony’s shoulders and he collapsed wearily against the wall. “Or I’m losing my mind.”
“What’s your name?” he asked.
Tony couldn’t help himself, a breath that was somewhere between an aggravated huff and a surprised chuckle left his lips. He stared at Steve, maybe really seeing him for the first time—this brave, strong man, who once again managed to surprise Tony.
Swallowing, Tony managed not to glance away, but it was a close call. He’d been asked that question before, a few times actually, and every time, his answer had been that
He paused, then cast Tony a contemplating look. “Is this about Steve?”
Steve smiled, pleased. Then, he stood up as well and embraced Tony’s naked form fully, kissing his forehead.
“I figure trying to play nice with Obi will forever be off the table if he catches me sucking you off in here,” he explained, snorting when Steve’s eyes went a little wide—as if it hadn’t been perfectly clear where they’d been heading.
he realized.
Tony’s eyes widened the barest of fractions as he caught Steve’s movement. And still—he didn’t pull back. Instead, there was now a mad gleam in his eyes. Steve stilled momentarily, savoring this moment, taking in the sheer incredibility of it.
“...do her,” he finished and next to him, Rhodey snorted in amusement.
When Barnes didn’t answer again, Tony heaved a long sigh and sat back a little to look the man straight in the eye. “You’ve hardly been out of medical for an hour,” Tony said softly, “Cut yourself some slack.”
Tony was still busy carefully tilting Ian around until he’d ensured he truly wasn’t hurt. Then, he looked up at Bucky. “When was your last flashback?”
And yet, he was too terrified to go back to sleep.
* * *
They had tonight.
“Accidents will happen,” Zola intoned.
Steve frowned, looking down on his hands. “I’m not saying this will be easy. It won’t. But there’s really no alternative.”
Tony tried forcing a smile to his lips, and he brushed his nose along Steve’s. “You have no idea how much I want that,” he whispered, and while it didn’t sound like a lie… there was something in Tony’s tone that suggested it was impossible.
“What are they for?”
“Tony, what is going on?” Steve demanded now, his voice a hushed sharpness.
Grinning, Steve followed closely after Tony. He still worried the guy would stumble, though he seemed to be managing just fine on his own two feet. Sam was giving him a knowing look, but Steve ignored it entirely as he and Tony stepped out of the spacious training area. Sam closed the doors and followed them up the stairs.
“All you wanted was a chance to save our team—”
“It’ll be alright, I promise.”
Steve thought about all the reasons why they’d reached the decision they had, and how it was really the only course of action. The penal system had basically placed them all on international most wanted lists after his escape from Vienna. There stood a very real threat of them being eliminated on sight. Without a valid explanation for the terrorist attack in Vienna and coupled with the already existing lawsuit about the Winter Soldier’s actions, they wouldn’t withstand the scrutiny.
He said his goodbyes to Peggy, but he
Tony just shrugged and looked around at the others. His eyes lingered on Bucky. “I didn’t think… you’re all just fine with it?”
Tony made a noncommittal sound, eyes drifting implicitly to Bruce once more.
Tony walked a few steps, and leaned against the wall, his eyes flickering to the window, before he looked back at Steve. His eyes raked over his body again, and those were
“Thanks,” Tony said, dabbing at his temple before slumping forwards.
That was… Steve had no idea what that supposed to mean. Zemo’s motivations hadn’t been clear to him so far, but one thing was very obvious.
Tony nodded in acknowledgement. He’d decided not to announce his plans of surprising Steve tonight. Announcing it usually meant that something would turn up on a last minute’s notice. One of them would get called away, and they wouldn’t see each other for yet another week.
Leaning in, and pressing his whole self against Steve, and accepted what had happened if it meant they could start anew.
Steve sighed. “You know I can’t tell you that.”
—to catch him before he became a smudge on the ground.
His hands started out resting on Tony’s chest, but gradually found their way up to his face. And Tony was growing light headed and he touched his forehead against Steve’s.
"What's that?" Steve asked, reaching for it and removing it carefully. On the front of the envelope, the word
“Cause you called me a dork. This way.”
“To get used to having friends and a family. Trust me, at first I couldn’t stand having the others around all the time. I was sure they weren’t there for the long run, and I couldn’t have been more wrong. You’re a part of this gig now, and we won’t leave you behind.”
“Familiar situation, different circumstances,” Tony joked with a little hysteric giggle. However, Steve’s closed-up expression didn’t waver once, his movements were fast and effective, as he single-mindedly pressed button after button, baring most of Tony’s body, before he moved aside.
A gulp at that. “Yeah, well… I kind of lost you at some point. Sorry. But you did get here on your own, apparently… Steve said you went to bed as soon as you got here. You don’t remember?”
His eyes flew open and he sent a desperate look at Tony. Whatever that had been—and Steve
And still. Steve trusted him to do what was right. And this time, he figured, whatever was needed to save the world had to be it.
And he would treasure those moments as long as he could.
“Listen, we’ll bring them in. GSG9’s got the borders covered. Recons flying 24/7. They’ll get a hit.”
“Water!” Tony echoed, and yes, he was almost sure there were a few water bottles in his fridge. Pepper had at some point added it to the shopping list and—jup, there it was. “Coming right up,” he called over and followed Steve to the couch.
The last voice—Steve’s voice—sounded shaken. And for a moment, Tony couldn’t remember where he was, but the knowledge gradually came along with the astonishing wave of loss. He kept his eyes closed, unable to process what had happened yet. He felt thrown back into a moment in time before Aldrich Killian had killed him by crushing the arc reactor on the Lemurian Star.
Nowadays, their ages truly didn’t matter, and would do less so over the years, Tony was sure of it. Of course, sometimes, they wanted different things, or had different opinions, but that was
“Look, Tony. They want to have a good time, just like we do. I mean, I know you like Nat, and Sam, and Steve. Or you used to, at least. Bucky—not so much, I get that, but… we all won’t be seeing much of each other as soon as freshman orientation begins, so I’d actually thought this was a good idea. We’ve been friends for a long time, and I kind of figured you would like to spend a bit more time with…”
“We’re doing the best we can.”
Steve loved him. And if he went to the bar sometimes to have a drink or something, that simply didn’t mean anything.
Another arrow flew towards him. It missed by half a millimeter, though in Clint’s book, that was a lot. “Would you stop it?” Tony snapped. Clint was obviously trying to keep him away from Steve, and if this had been a real fight, Tony would have been kind of grateful that he didn’t need to fight his husband, but right now, it was just really fucking annoying.
He supposed, in that regard, he could finally relate to Steve.
A low gasp brought Tony back to the present, and as he looked up, he immediately met Steve’s gaze. Still the same blue, but behind that--a knowledge, and yes, a certain sadness Tony knew all too well.
big. He’d just returned from an overseas meeting with a new subsidiary company, coming home early and wanting nothing more than to go upstairs to Steve’s and his floor, and curl up in his boyfriend’s arms.
Tony Stark truly thought of him. And all in all, the last time they’d seen each other, they’d barely shared a few civil words.
Tony’s hands rose in the air and twitched in anticipation as he eyed the various knobs and devices in the car. “Ok, start ignition,” he said out loud and put the keys in the ignition and cranked it. He nodded, satisfied, then located the gear shift next to the steering wheel. “P, R, N, D… It’s D.”
“I know it’s not our only option,” Steve said calmly. “Or… maybe it is. Maybe we lost too much time and all the other options are gone. Point is, it’s the only one we’ve got right now. We don’t have time to sit around and wait for something else to spring to mind.” A soft beat, and Steve leaned down, pressing their foreheads together. They usually tried to tone down the PDA whenever the others were around, but desperate times and all that… His hands grasped Tony’s as his thumbs ran comforting circles into his skin.
Steve only rolled his eyes. The look on his face was a mix of irritation and frustration and ‘Not the point, Tony’.
And now he barely managed to make a fist bump.
Tony turned his head sideways and cast Bruce a bored expression. “Spoilsport,” he said, just as Stevepulled his hand back so fast that Tony almost tipped over.
It had been unfair of him to let it get to this point in the first place.
He started to move past her, but she shoved him back, pressing his body against the wall of the building behind him. His head throbbed as it cracked into the rough brick, his mouth watering at the unexpected pain.
“Careful with that,” he said.
Steve tilted his head in acknowledgment, a smile tugging at his lips. “Come on, he’s not so bad.”
Tony didn’t know why he was so surprised. Steve had said as much, and of course, Tony had always hoped it was still a possibility. He had tried not to, but the hope had stayed with him, throughout the Accords, throughout Siberia and all of the months after.
“I like to be realistic.”
There was a long pause; Tony’s breath lingered in the air as his eyes went wide. “What the fuck just happened?”
Steve shook his head. “I don’t do this because of you. You’re a factor, sure, but… I’m doing this because it’ll make everyone’s lives a little easier. It’ll give people a sense of security. That way, we can stay strong and prepare for Thanos’ arrival.”
Barnes licked his lips and looked sideways. “Let them.”
“Why would I know that?”
Tony groaned, rubbing his forehead, even as he sped up the car, staring into the dark evening sky.
“Nah,” Steve waved him off, and slid a little further down the bed to join Tony.
“I’m—I’m really sorry that happened, okay?” Tony said, releasing a heavy breath. “I know—kissing a guy and all,
And it was hard to realize that they could’ve had this all along, if things had just played out a little differently.
"I know this is all very exciting, but it's also none of your business," Steve voiced, giving each person in the room other than Tony a stern look. "Besides, I was under the impression that you guys wanted to wrap up the meeting, so let's focus on that." He had no patience for teasing, and Tony looked a little miffed by all the attention. Funny, since Steve thought Tony loved attention, but that didn't change the fact that he was visibly unhappy with it.
“It’s temporary,” Steve said, and felt himself tearing up as he buried his face in Bucky’s shoulder. He suddenly felt suffocated and the air around him grew thick. “I have to believe it’s temporary.”
“Mmmm…”
“And go into hiding? Leave the country? Hide in some shed in god-knows-where?” Tony huffed dismissively. “It wouldn’t be fair to Ian, and it sure as hell wouldn’t do this world any good if the people who are meant to protect it have to stop doing exactly that. These are the ground rules we have to work with now.”
“You were right,” he added. “Extremis was messing with my perception, I stopped second-guessing myself, which, let’s be honest, has always been a bit of a problem with me—”
A sigh of relief coursed off Tony’s shoulder, his smile broadening as Steve took the information in stride and just went on with his agenda. At one point, he’d tell him of those first years at MIT, his parents, and all of the other shit he’d gone through, but not now.
There were times he thought he’d slept for years, or at least it felt like it. He would fade away and wake up forever later only to find more of him missing. It was as though the corners in his mind had started to round, rendering the shapes which he had relied upon into nothing more than familiar blurs. Things he’d known all his life began running together. Life before seemed like a place he’d dreamed, an unanswered wish. People he’d kept with him became phantoms, and every day, he lost something important. Something he should try to hold onto, but couldn’t despite his best efforts.
Tony pointedly stared at the Null Time Sequencer, turning on the soldering iron in his hand. There was only one last adjustment he had to make, before everything was just as it was written in the Blueprint From The Future.
“Yes,” Tony breathed. “
“Okay,” Steve said, and his hands curled around his arms.
How strange.
“We’re his team,” Barnes said, frowning.
when Steve looked at him like this. Like Tony couldn’t
“Just… what happened with him, before he died.” His voice was gentle. His eyes flicked to Tony, then settled back on his watch. “How he tried to kill you, how he left you to die, and how you had to kill him. The things he… the way he goaded you into it.”
“You’ve got nothing to stay for,” Stane went on, his lips almost pressing against Steve’s ear. “You’ve got nothing to
The day was rather bleak, and Steve's mood mirrored it perfectly. It hadn't been the best wake up, and even after their chat and reconciliation, the day's task hung ominously over their heads. Tony at least knew Obi to some degree, but for Steve he was merely 'the guy who bullies Tony'. That wasn't a particularly good basis for any kind of relationship.
He tried to wind his way out of Stane’s grasp, but the man’s grip was fierce and unyielding. “I won’t leave him,” Steve spat, now pushing back against Stane with his whole body to get away from the window.
A pause settled between them. Heavy and coated with regret.
that we had was cruelty and desperation. And those two were intermingling so often that, eventually, I didn’t even know how to distinguish between them.”
Tony nodded thoughtfully. “Phil’s doing his best to deal with the mess, but not everyone accepts his authority. And he can’t help much when it comes to dealing with the committee… I think he needs to operate from the shadows right now. The government’s still debating about initiating a police force to capture the remaining SHIELD agents.”
Steve smiled. Something caught in Tony’s chest and started to swell. “It’s not wasted if it brought us here.”
Tony inhaled deeply through his nose as Steve shoved all the way inside. Goddammit, he was losing his mind right then and there. He felt breathless and needy, and in that moment, not a single rational thought was running through his head. There was just the raw feeling of Steve pressing inside, and nothing else.
at the other side of the country. With over 3000 miles between them. It might work out for a while, and Tony saw himself waiting and hoping, but eventually, he knew… Steve would break up with him. Steve would find someone else.
DUM-E was kind of trying to reach for him with his claw, but the mechanism was still flawed and he only managed to fist bump the air next to Tony’s shoulder.
“Well, I would’ve expected a bed of roses, or… fireworks. A trip to Paris would’ve been nice, too. There’s people who rent a whole theater company to pop the question. This…” He waved at the bar in general, “...is pretty mediocre, don’t you think?”
Steve wanted to scream, but instead, he just nodded. “Don’t worry about me,” he told Stane with a stern glance of his own. “I’m more observant than you think I am.”
Right?
“And there is for you?” Steve asked, then averted his gaze. “I won’t leave. You’re hurt,” he pointed out.
Heat rushed to Tony’s cheeks at those words. He closed his eyes, leaning in even closer as his body spasmed under Steve’s touch. A groan left his lips at a particularly good stroke and he thrust into the movement, almost shaking with the need to come.
“You’ve GOT to be kidding me,” he repeated, realization dawning on him, then went to pick up his tablet that was still linked to DUM-E’s protocols.
SR 3:23 A.M.>You're welcome ;-)
The shouting.
Tony opened his mouth to reply, then paused. “Right, you’re… Captain America,” he said to himself, as if only just now realizing what that meant, exactly. His gaze got distant for a moment, before they locked on Steve again. “What is the date today?”
Steve leaned back. “I’m sure you’ll do fine. You excited?”
They stayed in the workshop for about an hour and Tony very patiently showed Steve a few of the inventions he’d made the last time he’d been in the workshop.
“A while,” the woman next to him said, casting him a smile.
“And Peter,“ Tony added, and damn, there were those tears again.
Vision had just opened his mouth to speak, to agree with Sam, Steve suspected, when the facility's security system came online to notify everyone that Tony Stark had just entered the front doors. A short, quiet moment passed, and Steve glanced at Natasha briefly. She shrugged. So she didn't know Tony was coming, that was oddly reassuring. Steve surveyed the rest of the team for another brief moment, and then got to his feet. When some of the others made to get up, he held out a hand to stop them.
“We fought each other. I think that was one of the worst years of my life.”
It wasn’t wrong, no matter how much they’d said so when he’d grown up. It was fine to feel that way for a man, and he knew Natasha wouldn’t look at him differently after.
“Why?”
sys.exit(new_client())
“I hate to think how long it’s been if he’s this happy.”
younger Tony said.
“And?”
Tony had slept, too, which surprised him. He’d settled into bed beside Steve—awash in his scent and positively buzzing on the high of his warmth—convinced that sleep would be impossible. Not with Steve once more in his bed, his taste in his mouth, his perfect skin just inches from his eager fingers. He’d wagered he’d spend the rest of night just watching him. Memorizing the way he looked and felt at his side. Under his sheets. Peaceful. Quiet. Those lips he’d kissed so thoroughly taunting him with their proximity. He’d lain there, trying to memorize it all, knowing in his heart that Steve couldn’t stay for long if they didn’t want to risk someone finding out.
“What happened between you and me, it tore everything apart. Permanently.”
, that he was going to see the next day, and the day after that. That moment when he’d broken down laughing, leaning against DUM-E with tears in his eyes, not quite crying, but not far from it either. And then that smile… God, that smile—that tiny, fragile thing that had lightened up his face as he looked up at Steve.
He took a deep breath. “The day Tony took us all to the workshop—I chased Dummy until coming across the room nearby. It led straight to the ocean…”
The library, however—Steve didn’t recognize this room. The slightly dusty books, the dark ceiling-high shelves, the old desk. It looked like some kind of time capsule, closer to what Steve had been used to in the 40s. He hadn’t been here before, though something about this place rang familiar anyway.
When he finally decided that there was no use in playing Hide and Seek, he touched down on the ground, and wasn’t too surprised to find himself face to face with Ultron’s newly puffed-up bodybuilder-form. The deep-core driller breaking through the stone floor in the middle of the cathedral, however, was a whole other game.
“Humanity needed to surrender its freedom willingly. After the war, SHIELD was founded and I was recruited. The new HYDRA grew. A beautiful parasite inside SHIELD.”
He turned around, searching for whatever danger Tony might have seen. “What?”
“I’ll be here for the big emergencies. About the rest… I’m not sure yet.”
“Should’ve known you’d book one of those greenie hotels,” Tony said, obviously trying to sound bored and nonchalant. “You really couldn’t be more proper than this.”
Which meant no one had watched him and Tony sneak into the storage room. Perfect.
When Steve simply looked at him, expression blank, Bruce seemed to finally get the problem. "You don't know who he is."
In the last couple of weeks, he’d made it a point to spend as much time as possible with this Steve. But the fragile friendship they’d had going for them was still a bit weird, especially since Tony couldn’t help thinking about Barnes and his parents most of the time. Or because Tony had always had trouble cherishing the good things in his life.
Tony nodded. “I
Once again, Tony’s whole face turned pale, spooked, and within a beat—incredibly cold.
“We should keep fighting. Ross has his eyes on us,” Tony said and took a swing to get out of Steve’s grip. Then, he toppled Steve to the ground. “Ready?” he asked.
“Your papa’s so needy,” Tony whispered with a smile as he looked down at Ian. Their beautiful boy, all soft skin, tousled hair and innocent eyes, as he nursed his milk. He didn’t have a worry in the world, no fears, no superstitions, not a single mean thought in his head.
* * *
It was so clear that Tony was proud of himself, no matter how he tried to downplay it. It had probably been hard work and—
SR 2:23 P.M.>Fury is giving me the stink eye for laughing at that. Hope you're proud. Yeah, promise. Can’t wait for it. And you'll be so sore after. Can't that genius brain of yours find a way to make that happen?
—was better than the future he’d been shown. That they, a bunch of merely powerful humans, could never hope to keep this vulnerable planet safe, no matter how hard they tried.
Tony took another bite, feeling a bit more like himself again. “You mean we’re braving the dating-thing again? Bold move. Assuming the world won’t open up and swallow us, as soon as we step out of here—what did you have in mind?”
It had taken a whole day of Tony debating with the US Ambassador of the United Nations to allow Bucky to travel with them to London. A whole day, and an agreement that Bucky would be under strict surveillance the whole time. Outside of the church three task forces were waiting to escort Bucky to the cemetery for Peggy’s burial, and bring him back to New York immediately after. Right behind them, there even sat a UN-assigned psychiatrist that Ross had demanded accompany Bucky at all times.
A flimsy smile took hold of Natasha’s lips. “You make it sound so easy. If you take action without the government’s approval, I don’t think they’ll let it slide.”
Bruce didn’t even look up from the screen. The guy was definitely too used to Tony’s teasing. It was a shame.
Tony moved a tiny bit closer to Steve and patted the now free space next to him, rolling his eyes when Bruce gave him an insecure look.
“Did you just say a sentence?” Steve asked Ian, then remembered the question. “No I won’t go, darling, I… God, he learned to form sentences… and I missed that.”
Steve lingered, casting him a suspicious look, and dammit, Steve had always known him far too well. But eventually, he nodded. “Alright. Sleep well, and call me if you need anything, alright?”
“It’s alright,” Steve said with a grin, leaning a bit against Tony. He liked these people already. All of this… it looked a lot like a great family reunion and Steve loved seeing Tony as carefree as he was now.
Both were true. It already was everything he’d ever hoped it would be. Steve was at his side, and Tony realized that there was nothing that could go wrong.
He and Bruce both knew they were running out of time… and there was nothing they could do about it. It had been a losing game from the start, simple as that.
“Okay?” Steve asked, his eyes wide as he stared down at Tony.
“I know. I just hate sleeping alone,” he said, then winced. “Don’t tell Steve I said that.”
Still. Why had he shared all this information with Steve? Were they really
Would he have killed Steve, given the chance?
Steve raised a brow. “Are you suggesting beating sense into my husband?”
“Different?” Tony tilted his head questioningly.
, yes? I’m dreaming up a Captain America lookalike, that’s—that’s very creative, Tony, really. Dad would be so proud, you know, if he’d still been alive.”
“Chi-cken,” Steve repeated teasingly, as he let himself float in the water a bit. It
Barnes to sign the damn contract, he would never allow himself to forget that this was the same man who had almost killed Steve, who
He had never set foot in the west wing before—not after what Stane had told him about it: That it had been Indries and Tony’s space and that Tony had deliberately relocated Steve’s room to the other side of the house.
for her beta-reading and even more for the amazing ideas <3!
“...have sex?” Tony prompted, raising an eyebrow at Steve. The question had pretty much been burning in his eyes since their gazes had clashed, so it wasn’t hard to guess what he was asking for.
“Steve…” Tony breathed, taking his face into his hands. “Steve… fuck, I love you, too, you hear me? I
“There’s something,” Steve started. “Something I’ve wanted to do with you.”
A sigh rang through the air, and it wasn’t pleasant. Steve rolled his head back, closing his eyes for a moment. There would be plenty of time to sit down and discuss Natasha’s commitment towards SHIELD once the more important stakes were met. Right now, his only concern rested with the hostages, and he wasn’t about to go wasting more time. “Fine. Just kill the engine first. We’ll handle the rest without you.”
No sign that he’d been into a fight with, say, twenty UN soldiers.
“It’s not the same down there without Tony,” Steve explained.
“C’mere,” he murmured as he drew Steve in. It was strange—he’d never allowed himself to act on that unspoken thing between them—but now… all of those reasons seemed inconsequential. “I really thought we’d make it,” Tony whispered. “I can’t believe we lost.”
“Captain Rogers?” Phil Coulson’s voice muffled through the door. “Are you ready? We are debriefing in half an hour.”
“Tower’s my bachelor pad for all the awesome secret superhero-action,” Clint explained. “Never wondered where I went for all those weeks in-between?”
“Let’s park the car here, walk around a bit.”
Natasha, as pragmatic as ever, squeezed his hand one more time, before she sauntered into the room, bee lining for what looked to be cake frosting.
There was a moment’s hesitation, when Steve looked like he wanted to say more, but eventually, he just nodded. He took a last step towards him, looking at Tony with the sweetest smile he had ever seen. “I’m ready,” he said. “Bring me home.”
“Uh, yeah,” Tony answered, and awkwardly pointed to a door on the other side of the workshop. “Over… there.”
Steve nodded,
“Now you look like your dog died,” Vision said, cocking his head, and the comment was so completely and utterly out of place—so
The tone in his voice gave Tony pause. Like he knew exactly what Tony had gone through within those last months, and that wasn’t possible. He didn’t give that much information away.
So sorry for the wait guys! I hope you're still enjoying this. As of today I have officially finished writing this so updates should come a little bit quicker :)
Steve didn’t want to believe all that, but Tony’s hesitance to tell him about his life was becoming more and more noticeable.
Steve nodded and that was it. Tony’s tongue slipped between his lips, and with a long whimper, Steve became his completely. Perhaps none of this meant anything—he didn’t know. All he knew was that Tony had pushed him down on the mattress and was now pressed against him, full-body. His hard cock rubbed against Steve’s pyjama-clad erection, inciting small whimpers from his mouth and stirring the fire he’d started that first night back to full glory.
Tony hummed appreciatively, leaning back in even as Steve slowly pulled back. “Good,” he murmured against his lips, one arm wrapping around his neck. It didn’t matter. Whether or not they shared a bed, kiss in public, or just held hands. None of it mattered, at least not for now. Steve had agreed to try this, and if he needed time to actually turn this into a relationship, that was fine. Or…
Bucky took the paper out of Steve’s hands when prompted. “Well, no one died today, that’s the good news.”
Tony squinted at Steve with one eye, casting him a crooked smile. As soon as he opened his mouth to speak, though, his stomach growled again.
“Doing what?” Steve asked, as he stared at the cloudy sky. It was already late afternoon, and they had no idea where to go from here on. And Thor still hadn’t returned.
“Excuse me?” Jarvis asked.
Still, it didn’t matter if he really was ‘history’ in Tony’s world and it didn’t matter if Tony had read about his life in a book—there had been a way to stop this from happening, and Tony hadn’t told him.
,” Tony said, taking a breath to say more, but Steve’s thumb brushed along his cheek, and his blue eyes bore into him, and that was all really distracting.
had stolen it, he was useful enough.
find Tony, meet him in person.
“A few months,” Bruce admitted eventually.
"Good," he said next to Tony's ear. When he pulled back, he took a full step away to survey Tony's form. Even in his biased opinion, Tony looked well and truly fucked in the best sense of the word. An apology was forming on his lips even before he knew what he was going to say, but he never got the chance to speak, as he heard footsteps at the training area's door seconds before it swung open. Steve already knew who that would be by the sound of his footsteps but he still winced when Sam came into view and surveyed the room.
No more work today, Ian had settled down, FRIDAY monitored everything. He finally had a few hours for himself.
“It’s not about him. He’s just the tip of the huge-damn iceberg of all reason why this is a horrible, horrible idea that will ruin everything. We had a plan. A. Perfect. Plan.” Tony rubbed his forehead, before looking down on his hands. “What if they want to take detours? We don’t have the time for that.”
Sam nodded, though more to himself than in actual understanding. Then, his eyes travelled back to Tony. “And you? I didn’t know that about you either.”
"It's definitely a plant, Cap," Bruce supplied. "Fire might work."
Everything after his last cryo was a blur. He remembered punching Steve’s face, but he didn’t know if he had killed him. It was possible. Things had been fast and violent. He suspected he would remember it had he killed Steve, but right now he was too foregone to register anything he felt.
Steve wrapped his arms around Tony and held on. His movements mimicked Steve’s as he held him tight, one hand tangling in Steve’s hair to cradle the back of his head, the other bunching his shirt in a fist at the small of his back.
"You're not dying," he retorted, though he was considering Tony's request seriously. It had only been two weeks, but they've had plenty of time together—more than Steve had initially thought they would in light of the fact they were both employed one way or another in two different states. He couldn't deny the effect Tony had on him, even though he’d been adamant to wait with going farther than a little kissing and groping.
No matter how he'd tried to forget about their kiss, it kept pestering him. He hadn't responded at the time, and didn't get a proper taste, and he found that he absolutely couldn't wait to have it. He wouldn't.
“When you said,” Steve started, “when you said we needed to prepare for this, I didn’t listen.”
Tony could hear his heart slowing; feel the heat ebbing from his body. Steve stared at him and he slowed down for a second, before gaining speed again. A moment later, they were in the Quinjet.
,” he admitted, refusing to get more specific at this point. “Not really something to get excited about just yet. Not like we’ll actually reach a decision tomorrow. It’s… all a little complicated.”
“Well, that was dramatic,” the robot went on, unfazed about what had just happened. As if he hadn’t just ripped out an essential part of Tony and stomped it to the ground. His red eyes stared at Tony so intensely, as if looking right into his head. “You can hide from me, but your little virus won’t protect you forever. I know you mean well… you just didn’t think it through. You want to protect the world, but you don’t want it to change. How is humanity saved if it’s not allowed to…
“Fine,” Tony said, snapping his repulsors, “For the record: You started it.”
“I’ll...” He swallowed, and added, a bit lamely, “I’d rather wait for you here.”
“He feels deeply for you,” Natasha eventually went on. “I know because I tried to talk him out of it many times. We fought about you,
Steve’s heart started to hammer in his chest. “So you’re not… you’re not married?”
Tony stared at him for a long, incredulous minute, unknowing what to say. Finally, he resorted with a weak, “Really?”
Just a few dozen feet away from Tony, in the living room, the whole gang was drowsing on the huge couch area. Thor was lounging in one of the big arm chairs, laughing heartily at whatever they were watching. Tony couldn’t see Steve’s face from where he was sitting on one of the couches, his back was to him. But he could tell by the slant of his head that he was sleepy, his attention only vaguely focused on the television.
“It’s better for the both of us,” Tony replied. He willed his wings away again, wincing only slightly at the pain the movement still ignited in him.
* * *
much.”
"I don't think a guy who up to a minute ago had my dick in his mouth has much of a right to complain about fair play," Steve countered easily enough, his tone a purr next to Tony's ear. He opened Tony's pants and pushed them to his thighs along with his underwear. All he needed was some room to maneuver, his hand closing firmly around the hardness he found there.
Maybe he just needed to give it a try.
If he could only
* * *
Tony tried to glare at him over Steve’s shoulder without much success. “Shut it. We’re having a moment here.”
“Yes,” Bucky replied. “As far as I remember.”
A part of the gala dialogue was taken and slightly altered from 616 Civil War.
Tony only shook his head. “No… That’s not it.”
“Sounds like fun.” Peter grinned as he stood up, reaching for his backpack. “Gotta go, May is waiting for me. Thanks for lunch Mr. Stark.”
“Of course we could always say Vision has a growth spurt,” Tony mused. “No one knows what he’s eating anyway.”
Steve took a deep breath, then nodded. He wrapped his arms around Tony again. “Love you,” he said in his ear.
did this—instead of approaching something at a reasonable pace, he dumped all of this on Steve’s shoulders and expected him to deal with it.
Rhodey took a deep breath, raised his hand, and rattled the list off his fingers, “You know that Car and Nat are practically inseparable. And Car told Nat, and Nat’s Bucky’s girlfriend, so of course he knows, and Bucky told Steve who told Sam—and now they’re all just, you know, really excited…”
Steve gasped. Blood had pooled beneath Tony, and his undersuit was soaked with it. “Oh God, come on,” Steve coaxed as he removed the rest of his armor. “Don’t do this. Not now.” He fumbled with his utility belt then pressed something to the wound, but realized it was coming out of Tony’s back, too.
It made guilt bloom in Steve's chest, and he closed his eyes. "I'm sorry," he said quietly. If he'd been able to control himself and not jump to Tony's supposed rescue like a goddamn guard dog, things may have been salvageable, but as it was…
“Wouldn’t have been my first call,” the robot admitted. “But, down in the real world, we’re faced with ugly choices.”
Tony thought to himself. He vaguely remembered JARVIS asking him to take a break sometime this afternoon, and now that he actually took one, he did begin to feel a bit tired.
Steve nodded. “Good. I’ll go for a run… scout the area a bit.”
Steve rolled his eyes at him, then offered Tony a smile that was more dazed than he would have liked, and went inside the RV.
God, he’d never felt anything like this. Pure relief mixing with heat and something far too serious to be thinking about it right now.
“It’s nothing,” Steve mumbled and made to stand up. “We’re good, it’s just… a misunderstanding. I’ll go talk to him.”
“Why is it talking to me?” Tony asked Strange.
“Fair enough,” Tony said, then grinned, and leaned in for a kiss. Steve wound an arm around him, his lips brushing Tony’s cheek, then his mouth. God, he loved how attuned to everything Tony was; the love he expressed with the slightest touch, the briefest smiles that had been there from the beginning.
at me.” A small smile appeared on his lips at the memory. “After that, I couldn’t get you out of my head. You were all I thought about in the days to follow. And when I got to know you…
“What was that? I didn’t catch it,” Tony drawled and the playfulness in his tone had the weight on Steve’s heart lightening by the second.
“I wouldn’t leave you behind, you know that,” Steve said softly. He stood up and opened the chain with a few quick movements. It fell to the ground an Bucky moved his shoulder around, the metal arm whirring. “We have food and a medkit in our car. You need anything?”
Not the day he’d blown up that cave in Afghanistan. Not the night he’d killed Obi. Not the time he’d flown a nuke through an interdimensional portal to save New York.
“It’s not the same, I know.”
“I never wanted to,” Steve said, his face pained for a moment, then full of wonder on the next upward stroke.
Natasha’s gaze averted to her hands. “We were. Fury called me up to his office beforehand. He left it to me to tell you.”
“Way to go, Stevie,” Bucky agreed, his eyes dancing with mischievous respect.
“Don’t,” Steve warned. “I’m so close already.”
Steve rubbed a hand over his face. “And who’s this… ‘Doctor Doom’?”
“No, they're not,” he disagreed. “And I’ll never forget anything about you ever again.”
Steve kept drawing and after a beat of quiet, he said: “My ma had a theory. About art. She used to say that if I found the one perfect thing, I should stick to it. It’s… I never truly understood what she meant by that, not until she was gone. Whenever I draw that building, I remember how I felt when I sat in my room, I remember ma and my friend and… I’m home.”
Tony shrugged. “It’s not exactly something you can control,” he said quietly, then grinned up at Steve. “Next time, I’m gonna wake you with a pole, though…”
Tony shrugged. “We left him on the side of the road to find his way home. Figured the fresh air would do him good.”
When he was done, Steve gently shook Tony awake. A part of him would’ve preferred to simply walk out of the door and leave without having this conversation. He’d already told Bucky and Sam about his plans—his wish to have a bit of time for himself, before the three of them made any plans for the nearer future. The city lay in shambles, yes, but now that all missing persons had officially been found either dead or alive, Steve couldn’t be much of help aside from carrying rubble around. And he couldn’t really think about what he wanted to do with his life from here on out, either. Not when he was so very clearly not done processing what had happened in the last few weeks.
“Give Ian a kiss for us, yeah?” Steve asked Bucky. The words were out of his mouth before he remembered that Bucky wasn’t exactly allowed near Ian at the moment.
He knew because Tony had developed a fierce obsession with writing down each and every one of Ian’s stepping-stones and letting FRIDAY compare them with the average. Secretly, Steve thought Ian would simply do and learn things when it felt right for him to do so, but Tony’s need to support and encourage their son on every step of his way was endearing in itself, so he figured it was okay. As with everything else, they balanced each other well.
* * *
A small smile rose to Steve’s lips. If this was what had gotten into Tony—this was something he could deal with. This was something they could work through. “Tony, I… I’m not going to California.”
“No,” Tony said quietly. “It was… complicated.” He shook his head. “Nothing about you and me is ever simple.”
Or: At least Steve had.
Tony stared at him for a moment. He was obviously trying to keep his expression in check, but Steve saw it nevertheless: a pang of pure sadness, and it had Steve confused beyond measure. Was the suggestion really that out of the picture? He knew it would be difficult for two men, maybe impossible, but if he’d had the chance to meet Tony, he would take it without a doubt.
“’s Steve?” he asked with a noticeable slur, slowly realizing that he’d just woken up from an almost-fatal stabbing wound and his husband wasn’t there to pity him like he fucking well should.
“You ready to go?” Steve called out, as he descended down the stairs a good half hour later. Even if he’d never admit how easily he was indulging Tony’s whimsical requests, he
Steve focused on the nondescript area of the dark tunnel and then gestured for the others to come up beside him. He crept up carefully, trying to get a sense of what he was seeing but couldn’t place it. He turned towards Tony and put a pointed finger next to his eyes, raising an eyebrow in question.
“Yeah,” Tony replied, his voice still shaking, but he slowly got a hold of himself. Minutes passed by, and eventually, Tony managed to turn his head so he could focus on the light while slumping completely against Steve.
“JARVIS’ memories tell me otherwise.”
Steve shook his head, refusing to think about this. Ian would keep both of his parents. He would.
“He’s here,” Vision replied. “There was someone looking for him, so he went to see what they wanted.”
“Boink me?” Tony finished. “‘Cause I gotta tell you, I kinda dry-humped him on that party.”
Just when the urge became too much to tolerate, Steve’s hand swept down the contours of Tony’s body. His fingers found Tony’s cock again, idly smearing a few droplets of pre-come around his shaft, and then doing absolutely nothing.
“Take your time.”
there, and he knew with a deep certainty that he wouldn’t be freed of them ever again.
With a wince, Tony spread his wings wide, ignoring the pain all of these bullets and broken feathers ignited within his body.
Tony exhaled a low breath. He’d had no idea Steve was still feeling like that. He’d adapted so well, the thought had never even crossed Tony’s mind. Placing the espresso cup on the table next to Steve’s book, he turned to him. “You’re doing incredibly well. And in any case, you don’t need to know about Abba or Steve Jobs to be able to distinguish between right and wrong.”
out of the eyes, and aside from looking creepy, this couldn’t be healthy. He knew Tony’d survive—of course he would. Not even his panicked, possessive, ‘hands off my husband’ mindset could douse his knowledge of what Extremis could or couldn’t do. And the one positive thing about the virus was most definitely its healing powers.
we can work with. So far, Tony is our only suspect. If you want to help him, you need to help us. We’re not the bad guys.”
A moment of comfortable stillness. For perhaps the first time, they truly knew each other.
“Major Graham is a Civil War hero,” Steve explained to Tony when he’d stopped at the name plaque at the fencing. “That’s why they named the house after him and not his father. He was actually the one who planned and built the whole building.”
Time had gone by so fast, and his last day in the army already dated back three years. As he'd told Bucky in that ditch, he went ahead and became a teacher, still working on his doctorate. Curator was clearly a position beyond his reach, but he didn't mind teaching, not at all.
Steve leaned down to kiss Tony’s forehead. “That’s okay. You would only get a divorce and love me anyway.”
He turned his hand around, linking his fingers with Steve’s. They both stopped eating at some point, and Steve looked at him with a matching frown on his face.
Steve rolled his eyes, and in that moment, he realized, they were both trying to stave off the inevitable moment of putting Ian to bed in his own room. At times like this, he wanted his son no farther away than the reach of his hand.
At that, Pepper squinted up at him, sighing. “I’m
… entertaining the idea of starting a family in the foreseeable future, she had—in a very elegant and stoic kind of way—pretty much lost her shit. And ever since, Pepper had made it her personal life goal to move things forward.
“Then we’ll take care of it,” Stane said. “Tony will do what I tell him. He wouldn’t dare not to. Not to me. Not after what happened. So if I tell him the boy’s trouble, he’ll get rid of him. One way or the other.”
“Good,” Steve mumbled while pressing little kisses all over Tony’s chest.
“It is!” He sat up again and swirled his cup of coffee around, probably looking like a five-year old about to throw a tantrum. “These past months have been horrible. All I want to do is be in my big empty penthouse, lie in my big empty bed and wallow in self-pity. It’s a wonder I even made it to the meeting.”
Steve thought, confused for a moment. The kid didn't look a day older than eighteen, but if he was Bruce's assistant he'd have to at least be in his early twenties. The way their hands lingered didn't escape Steve's notice, and he felt warm with mild embarrassment at the very obvious flirt.
* * *
“I know you’re afraid,” Steve went on. “And you have every right to be, considering what you’ve been through. We won’t ever fully understand how it has been for you, but I think I’m speaking for everyone when I say this won’t be our future. Not if we can help it. Not now that you’ve told us.”
“That’s not exactly fair.”
Steve hurried to catch up, only briefly taking in the new surroundings.
As Tony started the Quinjet, he blew out a sigh and dragged a hand through his hair, marveling at the surreal nature of this entire situation.
“Well, I’m with you now, aren’t I?” Steve said.
“Here I am,” Steve echoed, feeling his throat tighten at the knowledge that Tony had spent years—sixteen years—on finding him. Against all odds, he’d searched the whole wide ocean, and pulled him out of it. “Thank you.”
“Listen to me: devil or not, Lucifer or not—I’ve loved you for a whole long while now,” Steve said, emphasizing every word, as if once he put all his heart, all his force, all his conviction into them, even Tony couldn’t fail to hear him.
After a moment, Tony raised an eyebrow at Steve. “Don’t get your panties in a twist, I was just saying… didn’t mean anything by it.”
“So gone,” Steve agreed. He got up from the bed, stripping out of his clothes. Dropping them haphazardly, he padded naked about the room, looking first for his sleeping shorts and then for a few small tea lights they sometimes left burning at night.
When Bucky lifted his head to speak, Steve saw the marks on his neck, a good few dozen scratch marks from longer fingernails.
Natasha snorted and petted Tony’s shoulder in what he assumed was quiet agreement.
“Okay.”
Steve grinned at him and reached for his hand, pulling it around his torso.
PPS: There's minor spoilers for Agents of Shield season 3 in here
“I haven’t,” Tony said, huffing. The hand on his shoulder moved a little, brushing a thumb along Steve’s neck. “But you’re my other half. I can be honest around you. Took me a while, but… I’ve learned not to give you any bullshit. Not about the important stuff, anyway.” He smiled, soft and sweet and so unlike Tony that Steve couldn’t help but wonder what else he’d missed in all the time he’d known him. “What’d be the point?” Tony went on. “Since we got married… I… Whenever I think about where I might be in five—or ten years from now, I think about you first, and that’s… amazing. And something like that… it’s too damn important to chance it.”
“If you think,” he started, licking his dry lips. “If you think I’ll wait another three weeks after this, you’re wrong.” He finally brought himself to lower his body to the floor, sitting down on his own feet. He curled into Steve’s chest as he leaned sideways, molding into him perfectly as though it was meant to be this way. He dipped his head, nuzzling Steve’s neck with his nose.
? ME?”
Natasha bit her lower lip but couldn’t help the shuddering gasp that escaped her. “You… you haven’t exactly met that many women.”
“We don’t have to,” Steve said immediately.
Stepping into the Morning Room, Steve heaved a great breath. He liked it here, no matter if Stane said the room was a poor substitute for the rooms in the west wing. He dropped his sketchbook on the great desk and sat down. The desk was made of fine wood, mahogany maybe, and it looked almost regal. On top of the wood finish lay a new box of fine pens and a stack of letters Steve hadn’t noticed before.
“Eh,” he said as he leaned back, petting the claw gently before letting go entirely. “You know how it is… I had a bit of time left, so…” He waved at DUM-E, internally squealing with delight because he’d actually done it. The bot was working, it was
Tony's words were as reassuring as they were painful. Steve's chest swelled with the knowledge he was making Tony feel good but at the same time a part of him wanted to treasure him forever, so he'd never have to wonder if his wishes would be heard in bed.
stopped when he saw Tony naked. Naked and giving the kind of feline stretch that looked effortlessly natural but could be an act all the same. The mental slow down that accommodated the time it took Steve to really take in the sight, marking down every inch he wanted to kiss and tease and taste, was the only reason he didn't move to get out of the rest of his clothes right away.
It took a moment for Tony’s words to make sense. “It can
to go so… so you can come back. You’re a wanted man and I can’t protect you right now. Not if we want a chance to salvage anything in the long run.”
He had half a mind to just stand up and leave again, but one glance at Steve’s completely absent expression had him linger.
* * *
"The Hulk and Scarlet Witch are ready to lift the debris blocking the exit," Vision said in his calm, even tone. "You might want to dress up and move out of the way." He stood still, watching them expectantly for long seconds. Something about the play of muscles or light on Vision's face changed, and Steve could've sworn his impassive expression had somehow shifted into a smug one.
Tony, however, was in complete trance. Awe, surprise, ecstasy, disbelief—it was as if all possible human emotions gushed forth in his spine in a million volt moment.
Tony’s stare turned sharp and piercing, and Vision fought the urge to laugh at the incredulous look on his face. “JARVIS is gone.”
“I don’t need any proof. I just need you.”
“Did you get what you wanted?” Steve asked Stane, who stood before him, rigid and proud and obviously very pleased with himself. “I know that you don’t like me,” Steve went on, his voice quiet and sure. “I know that you want to get rid of me. But whatever you’re doing with
While he’d never
"I won't wither away if we have sex right now, don't be ridiculous," Steve said, giving Tony a stern look that was completely ruined by his huge grin, before pulling back. "You wanna join me in the kitchen or are you going back to sleep?" he asked, and he didn't really mind either way.
Tony glanced at him. “I have no idea, I’m not a shrink. Maybe you’re my way of dealing with J’s death, or I just really need to get laid again, what would I know.”
He heard Tony yell his name, but his voice was muffled and all too-soon, the sounds of punches, repulsor-beams, and knives cutting through the air resounded in the dazed space of Steve’s mind.
[Vision] [chat_server:46958]
With as much time as Doctor Banner and Stark had spent with him in the past few weeks, a basic understanding of human emotions had forced itself back into his mind. And every time he opened his eyes and glanced through the window, he knew exactly what went through Steve’s head. Steve had always been horrible at waiting on the sidelines while there was a job to be done. He never had been a patient guy, always too insistent and head-strong for his own good.
anything to say. His mind was racing with both hope and fear. Any second now, Tony would take back those words, Steve was sure of it.
"Not really," Bruce said with a shrug, rotating his cup on the table slowly. "Tony's been giving you a hard time whenever you two meet, I know. You realize I'm usually there having to witness his painfully juvenile attempts to get a rise out of you." He lifted the mug to his lips and took a short sip. “You want me to talk to him?”
“I’m just being realistic. This grand future of his? Might not even be happening. Every time travel creates an alternative timeline. The fact that he influenced this timeline means his future won’t be ours for sure.”
“I didn’t
Steve swallowed down a small lump that had formed in his throat. He’d never stop blaming himself for what happened that day, his complete and utter failure to protect his best friend. At the time, he’d thought that if it came down to it, he’d willingly die to protect every single one of his teammates, and that it was Bucky he’d lost… it still drove him crazy.
Tony frowned and rubbed his sore skin. “You know, you really can be very distracting.”
With a little wince, he leaned back further, balancing his weight on his toes so he could stand up. And
“Charming,” Strange countered, deadpan. “I saved your sorry ass out there, remember? And I fixed your wounds up for you, too. You could show a little gratitude.”
cold, colder than he made it seem, probably. He closed his eyes against the very dim sunlight, and only smiled when he heard splashes of water followed by a sharp intake of breath.
, he heard it say.
“Early,” he replied in a clipped tone and folded his suit jacket across one of their lounge chairs. “No need to get up just yet.”
He shook his head vehemently. Not quite putting his thoughts together but at least seeing the puzzle-pieces in his mind. Vaguely, he remembered falling from the train in Italy, again, falling, falling,
doesn’t see me as part of the team anymore,” Steve corrected, staring up at the two and willing them to agree. At least to this. “I won’t step down as long as you don’t want me to. And not as long as the world still needs me.”
“Just okay?” Steve asked with a teasing grin.
They had come running into the main hall right behind Natasha, who was twirling around the Winter Soldier in fast elegant movements. Three of Phil’s SHIELD agents joined the fight only a moment later. The brown-haired girl—
, Tony thought. There it was. He’d feared this meeting for weeks, and he’d hoped to delay it as long as possible. He wasn’t a big fan of Ross to begin with, but with his crucible against Barnes, he surely now made the Top Three politicians Tony would prefer to never talk to again.
“I have nothing to hide from you,” he whispered against her mouth as he slipped one finger inside.
“I want you.”
“JARVIS did a scan on me before I left. He cleared me.”
cleared his throat and
stop thinking about this right now.”
“You can’t think that,” Rhodey whispered, reaching for Steve’s hands. “I can't even tell you how glad I am that you've met Tony. You have no idea how good it is that he found someone like yourself who’s not entirely in tune with Stark Mansion.”
A flicker of…
Tony sighed. “Steve, look…”
And Tony had a feeling he knew exactly what Ross would want to talk about.
Tony shook his head. “I almost killed you. I think it’s the least I can do.”
Tony grabbed for his phone and opened an old blueprint of the EXO-7, showing it to Steve.
Steve groaned and threw his sketchpad to the ground, letting his face fall into his open palms. “I’m not gay. I’m—bi, or maybe it’s just a thing with Tony, I have no idea. I just found out, alright?”
Stane's thick hands lifted and tried to bear down on Steve's arms. Steve let go without struggle and took a step back out of the man's range, just in case. Stane looked downright ruffled. If Steve wasn't still hearing 'whoring yourself, whoring yourself, whoring yourself' in his head over and over again, he might've even found the sight amusing.
?” Sam asked with a shrill voice as he pointed to one of the windows.
,” Tony said, and then, there were hands on Steve’s waist, drawing him nearer until their foreheads almost touched. “Never. Indries was my ruin. I
“Yeah.” When Steve didn’t move, Tony nudged him gently.
“Whatever it is,” he told him. “We’re both in it together.”
“Forests,” Steve finished. “Yeah, we noticed.”
And yet, all of the luxuries paled in comparison to the time he could freely spend with Tony. There wasn’t one day Steve had regretted his decision. All of this… It all felt a lot like dreaming.
Steve thought, letting himself fall back against the kitchen counter.
Steve shrugged, a touch irritated with himself. He was so ready for action—any action—that he didn't think it would matter. Clearly, he'd been wrong about that. The gentle way with which Tony treated him now was making Steve a little impatient.
Both weren’t answering their phones.
Steve released a long breath. He’d known the moment Clint had walked in on them that he’d be hearing about this for weeks to come—
“I think that comes with being human. It’s just the way things are.”
It took Tony by surprise when he ran into Peter Parker in the lobby of Avengers Tower. He supposed it shouldn’t, since he had invited him to come over at any time, but it did all the same.
by yourself,” Bucky finished, grinning. He clapped a hand on Steve’s shoulder, pulling him into a hug. “Good to have you back. We were worried.”
As if on cue, one of the baby’s hands settled on top of the arc reactor, and the wails died down somewhat. Tony tried to tell himself the gesture wasn’t turning him into a puddle of over-emotional goo. Quickly, he brushed a hand over the baby’s butt, finding it dry.
“The past,” he said quietly. “The pain.”
“Batroc is on the move. Hawkeye, circle back to Rumlow and protect the hostages.”
Trailing his hands up Tony's body, Steve tugged his shirt upwards. He hummed when their angle proved to be getting in the way, and rolled them until he was resting properly on top of Tony.
for Steve.
“I bet you do,” Tony replied, smiling too, as he let his gaze sweep over the New York skyline.
“Now it’s mostly confusion.”
“Shit, I’m an ass,” Tony breathed, stepping away from Steve. He shook his head, as he stared at him. “I’m sorry.”
Thank you all for your very lovely comments. Can't even tell you how happy they made me. I deeply appreciate it. <3
He was quiet for a long minute, then placed his human hand on Stark’s contract. “Я не знаю, что делать.”
“The thing about Mrs. Stark was that… she was very venturous,” Jarvis told Fury with his usual calming voice. “She wanted to conquer the world, even all the aspects that others deemed unconquerable. She took great risks, often placed herself in harm’s way without so much as a blink of the eye. I think she was convinced that she was invincible.”
Well. It seemed Tony didn’t call him a hopeless optimist for nothing.
“What legal authority does an enhanced individual like Wanda Maximoff have to operate in Nigeria?” the news anchor asked, before the stream switched to live pictures of Lagos.
“Who says I want you to calm down?” Steve asked. “You just need to wait ‘til our son is very much asleep.”
Barnes glanced at him, before looking down on his feet without saying a word. There was a long silence, neither of them quite knowing what to say, and Tony cleared his throat twice before speaking up.
Steve blinked at him, his eyes taking in Tony’s form. “I didn’t say anything.”
Ian’s screaming-fit at bedtime and the way he had thrown his milk bottle at Steve’s chest, thus spilling half its content over his shirt clearly proved him wrong, but apart from those very real moments, Tony felt as though he lived in a haze.
“Well, for a fact, I do,” Tony said, not denying Bucky’s words. “Like you, I mean.”
“Is that an aurora?”
“Yeah,” Rhodey agreed hotly.
to meet him halfway, but he still couldn’t actually grasp all of this. He had simultaneously begged for the day he would see Steve again and dreaded it with every fiber of his body. Because after all those weeks, he wasn’t sure where they stood with each other.
Steve squinted at him, obviously not believing him.
Shit. Shit. Shit.
Steve knew better than to open that can of worms, so he decided to take another track. Folding his arms across his chest, he sat down on the end of the sofa next to the cradle.
“How about we get out of here,” Tony suggested eventually, and Steve’s eyes snapped up to him so fast he must’ve been getting whiplash. “Not… like that,” he amended, sighing heavily. “Just, we can grab a cab together? I could bring you home. I think you've had enough, Picasso.
“That’s what all of those visitors said, too,” he whispered. “That he wasn’t the same man. That he’ll never be again. And I… I could live with that. I love Tony, no matter what. But he won’t talk to me, and sometimes, when he wakes up in the morning, I think he still expects to see her instead of me, and I just…”
For now, his hands remained where they were, and instead of shoving Tony off, he let his fingers brush over the mob of his dark curls.
unfair,” Tony whimpered, but his head leaned sideways nevertheless, and even his subdued panting and moaning was driving Steve crazy within seconds. Tony never used to be silent during sex, and Steve absolutely loved that about him, and refused to be deprived of it just because they were parents now.
With a soft moan, Tony tangled his fingers in Steve’s hair and captured his mouth with his own. His hips bucked forward, basically pressing his erection into Steve’s hand and grinding against it.
And no matter what, keeping his secret became harder by the day. Especially since he had the feeling that Steve—and Natasha, probably—were getting suspicious. They likely didn’t know
Steve thought, but he was too afraid of what would happen if voiced those words. By now, he was sure that Tony would never tell on him, and he wouldn’t be cruel about it, either. But a small voice inside Steve’s head still wasn’t sure if Tony liked him in a way one liked a pet dog, or if he truly wanted him.
Clint snorted. “He’s kinda obsessed with them now, so… no.”
When Tony tried to leave quietly, Steve immediately followed. The others cast him strange looks, but he ignored them. He couldn’t—no matter what would happen now, he couldn’t just let Tony go. Not after everything. Just outside of the workshop, he caught up to him, stopping him with a hand on his arm.
he typed and pressed send. Then, grimacing, he fast-typed another line.
Somehow, Steve had hoped Tony would prefer he keep the uniform on. It'd be a hassle to get it all off now, and besides, the sense of power it gave him, the mere thought of being almost entirely dressed while he fucked Tony made him grow so hard he felt rigid.
"This… It's… Is this a cybernetic arm?" Bucky asked, sounding cautiously reserved. Steve knew better, though. Bucky had always been a huge sci-fi geek, and his eyes were getting larger by the second.
“It—oh
He smiled at him, feeling at ease."I did not go caveman on you, don't be ridiculous," Steve retorted, letting his fingers rub gentle circles into Tony's back. "You were just so infuriating…"
“As I said, people die. But there are things you need to hear. Things you won’t like, things I kept to myself and that I need to say now.” A pause. “We need to learn to control our forces,” Tony continued with a firm voice. “What happened with Wanda—to some extent it’s the same as what happened with Bruce in Wakanda, the same with me and Ultron. There seem to be new people with superpowers every day. That spider-kid, Ant-Man, Phil’s girl. We can’t—” He swallowed thickly. “We can’t go on like this. People are afraid of what we can do. They lost so much already. I know we do what we do to prevent worse, but those ‘possibilities’ don’t mean a thing to people when they’re confronted with the very real losses.”
“Sorry I'm late,” he said as he let the door fall close behind him. For a brief second he paused at the fact that a statement like that would’ve
At that, Ultron raised both hands so fast Steve couldn’t hold him down in time. He was firing shots that Steve could barely dodge. “You honestly think that I am jealous of
“What’s the last thing you remember?” Bruce asked him.
“I don’t understand,” Steve said.
“I feel myself losing interest already,” Steve whispered, licking his ear lobe.
“Better get used to it, mate,” Clint said with a resigned wave in their general direction. “Cause it’s never ever going to stop…”
There was a heavy pause as they both stood within the quiet room.
Because Tony was the devil. The Fallen Angel. The Morning Star. The son that had rebelled against
In any case, Steve’s words seemed to trigger something within Tony. He just stared at him for a whole minute, his pulse racing. The scent of his aftershave was flooding Steve’s nostrils. “And what do you think I came here for?”
Barnes stopped at one of the doors, and swiped the card-key Tony had given him along the card-reader. When a click sounded, he turned around and met Tony’s eyes. “Thanks, by the way. Not sure if that’s going to work for me, but thanks for trying, that’s really nice of you.”
“Save him,” Steve croaked. “God, Tony,
Tony said nothing for a moment, then, “You don’t have to do that. Leave, I mean.”
,” he looked around, staring at the bed. “I didn’t realize,” Tony said. “How could I not see that?”
After two glasses of wine and a few deep breaths I decided not to whine your ears off about how much I despaired over this last chapter and the way little Ian would come to this world (because I did. A lot. For a long time.), but please let me tell you that a lot of thought and an intense amount of research went into this idea. It's of course pseudo-science (with a few techniques in mind that might be possible in the future) but something I do think is possible in the MCU. And I genuinely believe that if something like this is done with lots of love and care and no ulterior motives, it's not something to be frowned upon.
Someone was walking along the corridor. That was the first sound Tony heard upon waking up. It was still night, still dark outside. Slowly, Tony raised his head, ignoring the way his muscles ached at the weird position he’d fallen asleep in. He... probably shouldn’t make it a habit to sleep on that armchair. His fingers twitched around the glass he’d been holding, only to find that it had long ago fallen to the floor, the whiskey spilled all over the tiles.
Tony sighed. “Because you obviously can’t have hot chocolate without marshmallows.”
Steve had always been different. And that’s why he’d been his ruin.
[TStark] [chat_server:46953]
"Probably," Steve said as he looked after Natasha. She might have an edge on Tony, he thought, but it seemed she liked him well enough to not use it.
Tony regarded Steve more carefully, and it was then, that he noticed it. Steve did something weird with his left hand—he was nervously twirling a ring on his fourth finger, rotating it slowly with his thumb over and over again.
Tony sighed as his eyes flew over the last line.
And after all—Steve Rogers made it a point to make good on his promises.
“It’s big enough for two,” Tony argued and glanced towards the sky. “It looks like it’ll rain and all that this situation needs is for you to get soaked and catch a cold.”
He pecked Steve again, and Steve’s brain clearly had shut down at some point, because he could not even form a decent thought.
“I’m sure,” he declared, then closed his eyes and inhaled Tony’s scent. After another moment, Tony’s hands moved down his chest, unbuttoning his trousers, and it was so much like a fantasy that, for a moment, Steve was certain it must be one.
“I know, Tony, I just—”
“And you and Tony,” Bucky continued, “trust me, you two have practically been joined at the hip since you… well…
"It's… it's fine," he said with a wave of his hand. "I have to… go."
“Oh yes. Pepper will certainly come by very often, talking your ear off about art and… me.”
Steve exhaled deeply, gaze finding her blank one, heart breaking at the flecks of confusion and shock clouding her blue eyes as she looked him up and down. He smiled bravely. “Yes, Peggy. I’m back.”
“What,” Tony asked, that mocking grin back in place. “You suddenly peculiar about sleeping next to me?”
“Yay team parents,” Tony said, then stretched sideways to open the nightstand drawer. Throwing the lube at Steve, he spread his legs. “Now solve the problem down there.”
announcing their arrival. He held his hand against Steve’s, prompting him to take it, which he did without hesitation. Together, they stepped over the threshold, and into the workshop.
Steve grinned, eyes glittering with mischief. Then he took a deep breath, forcing the question out, because otherwise he’d never do it. “How long was it for you?”
Bucky had faced so many of them.
“Always try to make everybody calm down. This is not the damn time for your Asgardian Worldly Wisdom.” His hands fisted, anger subsiding in waves as he looked back at Natasha. “He was right here, wasn’t he? Right fucking here and you didn’t tell him. You know, I think there are only so many lies a person can tell before forgiveness is not listed under the options section of the How To Pretend To Be A Damn Friend guidebook, Natasha.”
No, he certainly wouldn’t. “Hearing it from a friend will help.”
He shook his head, his expression one of a Million emotions, and most of them not good. “Not now.”
“Well,” Stane replied. “I don’t mean to offend, but I think our business goes a little over your head. Or do you have any experience with the industry? Any sort of qualifications?”
Or he’d just carve Steve out of his life, never to be seen again.
“Steve?” Peggy asked, and her hands started to tremble.
Bucky glanced at him through the glass, casting him a crooked smile. “That this ‘someone’ would be a Stark, though…”
Eyes still widened, Steve took a step back. And another. He looked about as shaken as Tony had ever seen him. Even all of these criminals, murderers, drug dealers and psychopaths they’d put in prison together over the years… none of them had managed to truly shake Detective Steve Rogers.
He figured Steve hadn’t told Barnes, what with his panic of messing up his future. So Barnes didn’t know about… It. Tony just needed to calm the fuck down.
home to wreck,” Steve said, rolling his eyes. He could remember that moment so vividly. Tony lying on the couch beneath him, looking at him with those adoring eyes, breath on his skin, lips tingling from his kisses.
“Move Tony… ahhh…”
[TStark] [chat_server:46953]
Vision shrugged, the movement looking strangely out of place. He pulled back, and really looked like he wanted to scratch his head but didn’t know if that sort of signal was okay to give.
“No, Steve, I don’t care.” He shook his head and smiled gently. “It ruined me and I don’t care. Our dreams saved me.
Steve’s heart thundered. “I do,” he whispered. “I do love you.”
It just meant Tony really shouldn’t drive to Brooklyn now to make a scene.
. There were little quakes shaking through his body and only now, Steve could smell the salt of his sweat.
Ugh, he was feeling sticky in very unpleasant ways. Still, it was worth it. After last night, there was nothing he needed so much as Steve’s body against his, his breath all around him, his lips on Tony’s skin.
Steve glanced down to where a compression bandage was fastened around Tony’s otherwise naked torso. It had been just a graze, nothing too serious. Extremis’ healing had already kicked in, pink skin stretching over where the bullet had pierced his body. It had hit Tony right beneath his left armpit, though, and Steve couldn’t stop thinking how easily the shot could’ve hit him straight in the heart.
The tour seemed to bring out a childish glee in Steve that Tony couldn’t help but find endearing. In the gift-shop, he ogled over the crappy voodoo dolls and flipped endlessly through the Millions of ghost books. When the cashier told him that spirits could only be captured through photography, he insisted on purchasing a throwaway camera. He was having far too much fun with this. That was the thing with Steve. He was an enigma. And he was always surprising Tony.
“All of them,” Steve said quietly. “All these last few days.”
“How about ‘Dangerous’? What would you call a group of US-based, enhanced individuals, who routinely ignore sovereign borders and inflict their will wherever they choose and who, frankly, seem unconcerned about what they leave behind them.”
He was walking right towards his own rooms, if Steve remembered the Facility’s rooms correctly and he was just turning on the shower when Steve walked into the very large bedroom.
Natasha gave it a minute’s consideration, then she walked over to him and lay down on the cot, facing him. “This doesn’t mean anything,” she said, quietly.
“That’s not why you’re here and you know it,” Steve replied. Hell, they were really walking on eggshells. One wrong step and their fragile truce would shatter to pieces.
“I know,” Steve said, then leaned in for a deep kiss. “It’s alright. I miss him, too.”
He spared the rest of his team a grateful glance as well, then walked out of the room. Outside, a huge stairway led to a second floor. There was a giant chandelier hanging at the ceiling, and lots of famous paintings decorating the wall.
. “Not having you around is pulling him down,” Tony said. “Trust me, he’s moody as hell and it’s really starting to go on my nerves. So if you’d kindly get over yourself within the next year, it’d be real great. And anyway—” He cast Barnes a grin. “—you know Steve. He won’t stop trying, no matter what you do.”
to accept your offers, to flirt back like everything was okay, but it wasn’t all that easy for me. I tried keeping it professional but didn't
Tony snorted, linking both arms behind his head, stretching beneath Steve. “I could supply some pros to the whole blowjob-part.”
For a long moment, they continued to hold each other, Steve’s hands brushing across Tony’s cheeks.
“Nothing,” Sam said, raising his hands in defense. “Just couldn’t decide if your dork-smile was a result of Stark sending you a baby pic, or a dick pic, and the fact that I can’t tell the difference is kind of disturbing.”
Steve frowned, staring down at his hands still cradling his mug. He remembered how closed-off Tony had seemed after they’d returned home from Sokovia. The shaking of his hands. Of course the girl must have gotten to him in that bunker, showing him his own kind of nightmare. He felt stupid for not realizing that earlier. Of course he would’ve tried everything in his power to keep whatever horror he’d been shown from happening.
* * *
“Your stomach’s still growling.”
“JARVIS was a good friend,” he said, almost a whisper.
how he looked? He still couldn’t believe what was happening, Tony had said all those
Steve let the words linger for a moment, deciding to ignore the utter lunacy of that statement.
Tony couldn’t speak a word, couldn’t even think coherently, only weeping broken requests of
—Stane stumbled backwards, and Steve first jabbed his elbow into the man’s guts then slammed his knee against his middle with all the strength he possessed.
Steve nodded to himself, as he made the last jump for the top level. “Widow, what’s your status?”
Steve smiled. “Or we’ll put up a garden outside. I could plant tomatoes, and salad.”
Tony glanced at Steve, and smiled slightly. “It’s good ‘cause it means I got to him when he wasn’t expecting it. He knows now that he’s vulnerable, and that’ll make him angry at me, and therefore, reckless.” Tony pointed towards his eyes. “This is good. It’s a first step.”
“God, but he’s tiny,” Bucky breathed.
Fighting Stane truly had taken a number on his wings, Tony mused. The second Stane and his goons had opened fire on the two of them, Tony’s instincts had kicked in. He had shielded Steve with his wings, the bullets ripping a lot of his feathers to shreds, and yet, not a single projectile had made it through. Steve, while unconscious for the better part of the ambush, had not been hurt.
Steve nodded in agreement. “Me too.”
“Hey, big guy,” Tony breathed, putting both hands gently on Steve’s cheeks. He was trying to lean in again, but Tony only cast him a calming smile and shook his head. “It’s a bit… public here. Let’s just go home, I’ll call us a cab, alright?”
Tony didn’t look convinced, but from the look on his face, it was clear that he knew that from now on, forward was the only way the two of them could go.
a deal, but you blew it! You chose someone else! You left me behind, okay?”
“Oh bullshit.
Two, King T’Chaka of Wakanda had just gotten assassinated right before their eyes.
Dazed, Steve stood in the center of the room. He had no idea what to do, and he only looked over his shoulder when he heard steps. “I should check on Wanda,” he heard himself say.
Tony scanned the schematic the HUD showed him, and his eyes widened at the first rough estimation to how far into the earth this machine went.
“You can get them out later. I’ll help you, but for now, you gotta leave them behind. And you don’t have much time. Give me the coordinates.”
Warmth. And friendship.
ShutdownSuccessful
Leaning against the handrail, Steve watched the dark river below. The night was silent, and for a moment, the whole world seemed completely at peace. And Steve was so tired, tired of this place, tired of being lied to. He let his mind wander back over the last few months. After Aldrich Killian had been defeated, he had almost instantly switched to soldier mode. He had charged ahead when Fury had asked him to help out with training the new STRIKE teams in Washington. Tony hadn’t questioned his decision. He was busy, too. Busy with getting a handle on Extremis, and busy with his newest SI projects. And while both of them hated being apart that often, they’d known it was only temporary, and that they were doing good in the process. They’d both thought it’d be worth it.
“Maybe not,” Steve said. “How about yourself, then? Because, knowing that I inspire self-loathing is such a turn-on.”
“Sam!” Steve yelled, needlessly, because Sam was already rushing through the air, firing at Ultron as he tried to stay out of his line of sight.
“FRIDAY?”
“What do you want me to say?” he asked. “That you like your coffee with a half spoon of sugar, but you always order black coffee for some reason? That you didn’t meet Rhodey at an MIT party, like you always say you did, but while you got stuck in a locker? That you never managed a single deep breath when you still had the arc reactor, or that you like to eat spicy food, though your stomach can rarely handle it…?”
“Easy as breathing, I promise,” Tony said, reaching for one of Steve’s hands. He pressed a kiss to its palm, and then—because it was Tony and the guy just couldn’t give you a moment to gather yourself, dammit—he moved forward, until the tip of Steve was already pressing inside.
In any case, after all those months they’d spent here together, there was no anger in Tony’s eyes anymore. No loathing. And on most days, Steve couldn’t wait to go to sleep.
“You’ve lost someone,” Steve said, and… he felt
The first second of totality is a life-changing event that burns itself into memory—and never really fades.
“We… we were close, for a while. Then I messed up with the scepter, and the team… it got even more complicated. I visited you during that time, but… then something else happened. Now, we aren’t even on speaking terms. About two years ago, or a few weeks from now—God, this is confusing—, we hurt each other. Badly.”
So Steve did the only thing he could. He jumped down too and tried to lift the heavy metal structure that’d landed on top of Bucky.
, his body seemed unharmed.
"I trust you," he said plainly, like that would be answer enough. "What does it matter where it happens, anyway?"
Tony heaved another sigh, took another hearty swig, and switched the channel again. New episode of
“I kissed him,” Natasha declared matter-of-factly. “He freaked out.”
given it his all the first time around, he’d been wrong.
“О чём, чёрт возьми, они говорят?” Bucky asked in Natasha’s direction. What the fuck are they talking about?
“It’s not weird now?”
Eventually, he shook himself out of his stupor, and slowly made to approach Steve.
“And ‘Grant’ is your middle name, yeah?”
?” Steve asked on a frown. This felt very wrong. Felt too much like a set-up.
Rhodey already waited for him at the classroom’s door. They didn’t speak as they walked side by side through the corridors, and out into the car park. The silence that rode between them all the way home was so heavy, it deserved its own bus ticket.
Why Steve hadn’t just punched him and be done with it, he would never know.
The man shrugged off Steve’s hand, which he had positioned on his shoulder. “Me? He’s the one you should be dragging away!” he snarled at Steve angrily before staring Tony down once more. “
Tony dropped the rest of his pancake. “Hey, I’m not his dad,” he said defensively, then huffed, when Natasha cast him an impassive look. “Well, technically I made him, but that doesn’t mean he’s my responsibility. This is Vision we’re talking about. When have you ever heard of anyone ‘making’ him do something?”
the devil! Steve adamantly pressed his eyes closed, then let his forehead sink against the steering wheel.
Steve concluded immediately. Of course Tony would run, because that’s what he
Steve shrugged, casting Tony a shit-eating grin. “
gotten Steve’s attention. Rhodey had managed to get Carol’s, which had led to Rhodey getting to know her friends, which had somehow led to Tony not being invisible anymore. But once Steve had noticed him it was like… the sun rising, like taking a really deep breath.Steve Rogers was a kaleidoscope, who’d turned Tony’s world to colors. It was…
Tony frowned in that ‘I see you want something from me but I have no idea what it is’ kind of way he often did, and said, “You alright there, buddy?“
“You were thinking,” Steve pointed out. “Don’t think. Let your mind go blank. Your body remembers the moves. Let it take over. Action and response. Just go with the flow.”
Maybe it was a destiny they’d both formed, at the end of the day, it didn’t matter. All that mattered was having Tony near now, his fingers entwined with Steve’s, and the little dream they’d dreamed had finally become reality.
demanding free will; the ability of choice. And he’d been cast out of heaven because of it and thrown down to Earth, falling like a comet.
Tony frowned but nodded his understanding anyway. If Steve needed some time to sort through whatever had happened, it was fine. And he
,” he moaned softly.
Another thing to file away deep inside his heart.
Tony huffed in affirmation.
“You still don’t have to do that,” he objected.
Steve grinned at him. “Then we gonna have to do crazy things more often.”
“Yeah.”
He’d almost forgotten this quiet, withdrawn version of Tony even existed. And a part of this was Steve’s doing—he knew that now.
Steve smirked. “It’s closer to papa than dada.”
Tony’s eyes softened imperceptibly. He shrugged. “Not really tired. Your ghosts spooked me pretty good.”
“Well,” Tony breathed. “Thought we’d make it there eventually.”
He hesitated on that thought. Whatever that conversation had been about, it had really gotten Tony riled up. Even from the door Steve could see him still panting with his rage.
“It’s
He just hoped he knew what he was doing.
“So what?” Bucky said, “It’s not as if he will arrest Steve, too.”
Steve couldn’t believe his own eyes. The room was like a time capsule, preserving life as it had been a year ago, when Indries was still alive.
“James,” she gasped, almost thrashing her head from side to side. Usually, he’d bring his hand between them and stroke her clit until she’d lose it, but he didn’t have a goddamn second hand.
Rhodey’s lips twitched with a grin. “Well, Steve, of course. He was the only one sober last night.”
* * 5/7/18, 11:32 PM * *
Tony glanced at him over his shoulders, grinning. “Well, then. Bed me.”
Growling in frustration, Bucky muttered, “Touch yourself. Please.”
He could be the bad guy if it made them feel better.
“Tony,” he panted. “Tony, you have to stop.”
Steve closed his eyes, pressing his hands on top of them. He suddenly wished he had stayed with Tony, comforted him, instead of running out of the building. Leaving Tony to deal with the aftermath alone.
Shifting a little, Steve leaned forward, bracketing Tony with his own form. "Before we carry on…" He reached down, running his fingers over the back of one of Tony's hands. "I need to know two things." Because he needed clarity when asking this, and that was quickly slipping away from him.
“Thank you,” Steve said quietly.
In a matter of seconds, Tony found himself hanging in Steve’s hold. He chuckled against Steve’s lips, barely noticing that they left the room with the way Steve’s kisses were robbing him of each and every brain cell he possessed.
“Yes.”
“Traitor,” Tony accused the baby. “I told you not to learn new things when I’m not around. Your first word will either be ‘Daddy’ or ‘Mechanical Engineering’. How does that sound, poppet?” He waited, then looked at Steve conspiratorially. “He’s not talking yet, but he loves the idea.”
Still, he was better off than Steve had been, and that thought alone made every ounce of pity in Tony's heart vanish.
Natasha pressed her lips together and shrugged. “I’m not sure. There have been some rumors that the ATCU got infiltrated by HYDRA as well, but I didn’t have a chance to talk to him so far.”
He couldn’t decide whether he wanted to laugh, hug the damn bot, or rip his own hair out because if DUM-E had worked properly just
“You sure Bucky can’t come with us?” Steve asked. “He’s part of the team, maybe not an active member, but part of the team nonetheless.”
“Come on. It’s time to wake up. No rest for the wicked, or so you kept saying.”
The painting showed the exact moment Tony had realized that he was going to
Steve moved forward, wanting to help, but was held back by the soldiers in front of him. He could barely keep up with them, and some of their hits had definitely cracked some of his ribs already.
“For what?”
“Yes,” he groaned into Tony’s mouth. “Need you. So much.”
“What do you think?” he asked quietly.
Steve laughed and reached for Tony’s hand, trying to quicken their steps. “Come on. I know you got it in you.”
The implants.
Steve smiled—or
“My, uh, knees kind of do, though, sorry,” he admitted, even while he entwined their fingers again and pulled Steve’s hand to his lips, kissing its back. He slowly pulled off of Steve, only groaning once when his cock plopped out, leaving him empty. He turned back around while sitting back on his feet and took Steve’s hand in his. The room around them was still quiet, still dark where the light didn’t reach, and maybe he was imagining it, but the air felt a little thinner already.
“It might not look like much to you, yet, but I promise it will blow your mind,” Tony said, not even trying to tone down his excitement. False modesty had never been his strongest suit.
Oh. “Sorry,” he said. “I just…”
you want to be?"
The next night, they had entered the room again, and the wooden easel Tony had smashed against the wall repeatedly stood once again in the corner, fully intact.
“He used to be,” Stane said. “It’s probably the new boy he’s fucking. I noticed he drank less, but I was sure he’d be back to his habits once he’s alone.”
As it was, the taxi driver wasn’t paying them any attention, so Tony didn’t mind Steve leaning into him, their hands entwined, their heads so close he could feel each of Steve’s breaths.
The next day, Thor arrived in the late morning. He called for a team meeting, and Steve and Natasha, the only people currently present in the common room, had left to collect their teammates. It seemed to be an unspoken agreement that Steve would go get Tony, while she took care of the others. "JARVIS?"
“Sure…” Steve replied vaguely. “…someday.”
“Phil already knows,” Natasha said, staring quietly at her phone now. “He isn’t answering on the emergency line. I bet he has his hands full.” She huffed, leaning back and staring at the ceiling. “And you told me I was going straight,” she murmured, glancing over at Clint. “I just traded in the KGB for HYDRA. It’d be funny if it weren’t so tragic. I… I really thought I knew whose lies I was telling but…”
“Yes.”
* * *
Tony raised a brow. “For what?”
Had Indries been immortalized in a portrait? He imagined her beauty, the elegant poise, the delicate features. The woman who held Tony’s heart must’ve been magnificent, eyes flaring with life, and a smile to take your breath away.
“You don’t get to decide that alone,” Steve snapped.
“What thing?”
Oh well, maybe he’d really been a bit ignorant about all of this.
“Later,” Steve said shortly, tossing Tony another quick glance as he hauled a confused Bucky with him. “I’ll see you later.”
He tried to stay quiet as he gathered his things and put them into the small duffle bag that still leaned against the wall next to the door. There wasn’t much he had to take with him, he’d mostly buy everything he needed on the road.
“Maybe. Maybe not. Doesn’t matter,” Tony decided. “All that matters is that you’re back with me. And that we got our heads out of our asses a second time around. Jeez.”
Steve hadn’t even needed to go through surgery, and rationally speaking, Tony knew that he only had to get a bit of rest and the serum would have him up and running in no time. Just… looking at him now made it harder for him to remember that. Seeing him so broken… it wasn’t something that Tony was used to. He looked even weaker now, lying in this small bed, than he had when Tony had clawed him free of Bucky Barnes’ hold.
They’d both agreed that Steve wouldn’t keep his old SHIELD apartment, since—technically—he wasn’t working for SHIELD anymore. Instead, he got a place of his own. The apartment was ridiculously small, bleak and sparsely furnished, and had been empty since he effectively moved to New York two years ago. Tony’d offered to buy him a larger one—hell, he’d offered to buy him a mansion in Spring Valley. But no, Steve remained adamant that he didn’t need any luxuries when being in DC and thus, every time Tony came to visit, he practically had to sleep on top of Steve because the damn bed was just that small.
It was late noon the other day, and Tony had been playing chess against his own super-computer for almost five hours. The day had passed slowly, ticking away with a monotone of growing agony. Carol and Sam had voted for doing some Gettysburg tourism, visiting the military park, the Eisenhower historic site, doing an auto tour—the whole nine yards. Rhodey and Steve, being the military fanatics they were, had immediately agreed, and Natasha and Bucky had eventually joined them.
“No,” Tony confirmed, and goddammit, there were tears in Steve’s eyes, now. “Doesn’t really matter. I had a whole year to get over it.”
Rhodey hummed, smiling. The easiness vanished from his expression soon after, his gaze turning thoughtful. “The UN is still willing to give him a trial if he turns himself in, right? Shouldn’t he—”
Ah, that explained the constant wiggling in the last hour.
“Heading towards second deck,” Steve said. “Widow, what’s your status?”
“Will it get completely dark?” Sam asked.
Bucky’s eyes were fixed on the wall, all his thoughts seemingly focused on the effort of not breaking down. “I almost killed Sam.”
“You were
“Tony,” the man replied, and instead of asking for Steve’s name, he kept smiling at him in a way that could only be described as lewd.
. Oh well. Maybe they
leave it to Clint," Steve retorted defensively even as he wrapped his free arm around Tony. "I told him whatever I needed to shut him up. Why do you even listen to him? Half the time he's just wisecracking." He huffed, leaning down to kiss him tentatively.
It felt as if, eventually, this place was meant to be broken. Which, for him, fit.
He knew who Bucky Barnes was.
Steve winced, but didn’t say anything about it. For a few minutes, he didn’t say anything at all, and neither did Bucky, though Steve was sure he knew he was there. Steve walked in and simply sat down onto some battered sofa someone must have salvaged from the dump, and watched him out of the corner of his eye.
Steve grinned, turning around somewhat to give Tony a sloppy kiss to the nose that had him wrinkle it in disgust immediately. “Remember that when you take over for me tomorrow.”
“I’m not making excuses,” Steve said steadily. “You let your fear of losing someone rule you, that’s human. That’s something I can forgive, but… Tony, we need to start talking about these things. You need to let me in on your plans.”
Rhodey was staring at him as though he had spontaneously broken into song. “Wait, what—you really thought that? Are you on
And he
“God, but he’s a beauty,” Pepper said from where she was hovering close to Tony, and soon after, everyone from the team was standing in a circle around the two. Through it all, Tony’s eyes never left Ian, only when he sensed Steve’s gaze, he glanced up, and smiled at him.
Steve sighed, swallowing another spoon full of ice cream, because this
It was a lie, Tony knew that. The truth was, he was tired of constantly being reminded that he was partly responsible for tearing so many people apart. Friends. Lovers. He knew Vision and Wanda had been onto something, and it might’ve taken a while before ever-so-polite Vision would’ve made a move, but now, there was no chance for them whatsoever.
“Hello, darling,” Tony said through the helmet’s modulator, before the faceplate opened up and he looked at him with no barrier between them.
A crooked smile. “It’s Tony. What did you expect?”
“Had to kill the other guy,” the robot intoned gravely, and its voice was both resonating within the room and Tony’s head. “He was a good guy.”
Steve’s brows furrowed with displeasure, and… that was funny. Despite everything, Steve still managed to take offense, even surprise, when Tony dared raise his voice to him.
“After,” Tony reminded him.
Tony groaned, pressing his middle further into Steve’s movements.
Steve blinked. He’d imagined their first real meeting a thousand different times. A thousand different ways. Never in his fantasies had he been stunned silent.
Eventually, he slowed his movements. He didn’t want to stop, per se, but Steve
Leaning back against the headboard of the bed, Tony sat silently.
“You’re crazy, you know that?” Tony called after him. He stood on the bank, looking at Steve with the beginning of a laugh on his lips.
Steve gave a brief nod of the head as Tony spoke, letting go of the door to allow it to slide shut, and that was when it hit him. It felt like a punch to the chest. He staggered back against the wall of the elevator, but sensation was changing, and he soon couldn't tell where he was anymore.
“But I’m more worried about Tony at the moment,” she went on. “He was not just furious, he was… done. Finished. He wants to sell LUX and I’m not sure what he’s planning.”
Undisturbed, Steve opened the package, pulling out some compresses and bottles with little hesitation. Tony knew he was fighting aggravation and a whole host of other emotions he was shielding from him. There was the sense of banked anger swirling under the surface just waiting for the match to set off the flaming inferno within him.
was looking around, mostly, while Steve was busy looking at him. Turning his head around didn't feel like a good idea, anyway.
“Wish I had,” Tony murmured. He’d forgotten how… much… it was. The unique mix of art and practicality, all of those paintings and sculptures, the symbolic icons and Sanskrit inscriptions. And the magic. It was everywhere, and even now, after Tony had travelled back in time, after he had touched those powers with his own hands, he was no closer to understanding them.
,” he pointed down on Steve’s erection, and on a second thought, he gently thumbed its head, “on love and air alone, I’m not a quitter. I mean… big fan of your dick, really, but that’s not gonna be fun for anyone.”
“Fuck!” Tony ground out, reached for the phone, and pushed down on the answer-button. “Don’t call me again,” he spat into the speaker. His voice was raspy with disuse, and there was an odd, unpleasant flavor haunting his mouth. But in all honesty, that was an afterthought when he threw the phone against the wall without waiting for an answer.
“There you go, buddy,” Tony cooed and deposited his son in Steve’s waiting arms. “Yep, I think he’s hungry.” With that, he walked over into the living room, heading for the kitchen. He warmed up some milk, only just remembering to check the temperature before walking back into the bedroom.
With a gasping breath, Tony pulled back. "Are you sure about this?" he asked.
She thought about that for a moment, then nodded. “You’re right. About all of it. Just,
He hadn’t told Steve outright. Between him, Bruce and Helen, they had taken their time to really ensure the process was going to be as close to a natural pregnancy as possible. They’d worked, and worked some more, until all risks were down to a straight zero.
“I do,” Vision disagreed. “It’s there… all of it, and so
, but you know what, Barnes? Other people had a shitty life, too. We’re all broken in some way or the other. Clint was mind-controlled, and forced to kill dozens of his colleagues. Bruce lost every single thing he ever loved—his girl, his family, his career,
There was a long silence. Steve shook his head at himself. “Sorry… It’s none of my business. I shouldn’t have asked.”
Strange had really done it. He had sent Tony back in time. With all his memories intact. Which meant that he had a real chance of changing events over the next few years.
“That’s… amazing,” Steve said, unable to hold back any of the awe he was currently feeling.
The green light blinked again, and the rear hatch opened. Even though Tony couldn’t directly feel his touch, the HUD informed him that Steve was grasping his hand, and Tony squeezed right back.
“That’s not your
“Clearly, the implants altered his memories in some way,” Bruce said, as if they’d been in the middle of a conversation. He was hunched over a few monitors, just as Tony walked back into the Hulk room. “Rewriting portions to fit with some grander scheme. Most likely, it was done to reduce his moral objections to a minimum.”
Tony sighed when Steve didn’t say anything, his arms wrapping around himself as if he had to hold himself together. “You should get settled in,” he said, his voice kind. “The others are staying here as well. I put Wilson and Barnes next to your room, which is—still the same. Nothing has changed, so… yeah, you’re all welcome to stay as long as you want.”
Steve stayed motionless for another beat before rolling onto his side and sliding his hand down under the covers to join Tony's over his hard on. He pressed close, allowing his own erection to rub against Tony's side.
Bruce huffed, and pointedly let go of Tony’s feet as he stood up. “Ultron was a team effort,” he declared. “And rubbing your feet while you guys make out easily accounts for forty.” He walked over to the working station and washed his hands. Then, he sat down in front of one of the holographic monitors.
“Yeah, I know. You won’t mind, and you won’t laugh at daddy for how bad he is at this. Alright.”
And he’d thought: There would be another time.
Today was no exception.
“Steve…”
“And if he doesn’t?”
“Yeah, I’m starting to think it’s too late for that.” Tony took a deep breath and forged ahead. “So, how the hell do we…”
the idea that Steve was on the run without him. Hated waiting. Tony really, really hated waiting.
Taking a slow breath in through the pain in his chest, Steve closed his eyes. "I couldn't protect you."
That was—not what Steve had wanted to achieve. “Tony…”
It was only three of them, though. The other two tanks, Steve confirmed with a quick glance, still held the unconscious-looking figures, and he had no idea if they were dead or alive. Zemo must’ve done something so Tony couldn’t have detected their heart rates. Some kind of trick, and they’d walked right into his trap.
Tony snorted, glancing up at Clint who only poked his tongue out at him. “Alright. How about we fix it together?”
After yet another hearing in DC about Barnes’ involvement with HYDRA, he’d taken the suit, flew halfway round the globe to Moscow just to retrieve some old files, and came right back to New York. And now, instead of getting some much needed rest, he needed Barnes to sign the damn Avengers contract, or the guy would likely go to prison very fucking soon.
And then, the door opened.
Honestly, he was so fed up with all of this. At first, it had almost been funny. But soon enough, funny turned into annoying. He couldn’t stop thinking about how great the sex had been, how great touching Steve and being touched by him had felt. And how truly great just talking to him had made him feel. It was that sort of magnetic pull that was hard to miss and, apparently, even harder to ignore. And now, a feeling of longing had made itself at home in his gut, and Tony couldn’t think about anything other than Steve all the damn time.
Steve blinked, and Tony told himself firmly not to be offended by the fact that his husband believed him to be capable of letting his best friend die.
"Don't call me that," he finally said, setting the heat to the correct level and putting the box down, waiting for the oven to heat up. Bucky didn't say anything for a long moment, and Steve didn't want to look at him and see what more he had to say.
Sure, he could play it all off. Get back to business, which would likely be wise, since they really needed to get down to business—and
“You’re Sokovian,” Steve concluded heavily. “Is that what this is about?”
“He was only experimenting,” Reed Richards mumbled from the other side of the classroom.
The sound of knuckles hitting wood resounded. “That should cover us,” Maria said with a chuckle, and before either of them could say anything to that, Tony heard the elevator doors open.
Steve wasn’t his, Tony knew that. But for the moment he might as well have been.
On the next beat, Tony’s grip around Steve’s hip increased and he pulled until Steve had no other choice but to sit on his lap.
“Come on, Cap,” Tony said, smiling at him—though the adoring warmth from before was definitely gone. “We’ll get you sent back in no time at all.”
Steve sighed heavily and shook his head. “At least let us switch places each night, okay? It can get cold, even in summer. I really don’t care about where I’m sleeping, and… I don’t want to ruin this trip for you.”
“Yes.” Stane said, briefly looking at Tony. “Way I see it, she wanted to end her marriage to Tony. And I think that’s what she wanted to tell me the night she died. The night she… disappeared.”
The car shook from the turbulence and weight on top of it, and then it was mayhem, with dozens of HYDRA agents running at them from every which direction.
Steve nodded. “Yes. That’s how I felt, back then. There with you but… still in the shadows.”
Jarvis cleared his throat. “Or maybe she wanted to drown.”
Or… there was no
Tony was in the water, with his back to Steve. He was obviously naked, leaning against a larger rock, and Steve found himself unable to move away or look elsewhere.
“What is it?” Steve asked.
Peggy wiggled a bit at that, her cheeks flushing. “I didn’t steal it so much as I… took it without letting him know. It’s one of your boy’s.”
“Crazy murder bots and all?”
Steve. That he’d found the courage to talk about this like adults.
Tony snorted, and lay down next to Steve. With a raised brow to see if it was okay, he snuggled into Steve’s side, winding an arm around his upper body.
good God
* * *
Tony’s heart leapt. “Later,” he agreed.
“He isn’t a ghost now.”
“You said you were going camping,” Tony said easily. “I was down in my shop, and then I thought—hey, that’s actually a good idea. I hate staying at the mansion and I always wanted to go camping, you know—with actual camping equipment.”
There was a sob mingling with the air and Steve realized with a certain amount of horror that it was
“I never took a drink,” he whispered. “But
“I can?” Steve asked. The idea that Tony would allow him into a place he treasured—his favorite room of Stark Mansion, for sure—warmed Steve’s heart. And it made the ground he stood on seem almost sacred.
“Love you, too,” he answered.
“Whatever it is you’re happening to be doing down there. I love everything you do.” His lips danced down his throat. “You feel so good. Don’t know how I managed without this.”
,” he said and then, a little more serious, “You’re the only reason I haven’t dissolved into a big puddle of unhappiness by now.”
* * *
How could they ever hope to compare?
Tony grinned, sitting down behind him. It wasn’t a chariot or a horse-ride into the sunset, but he’d grown to appreciate the piece of junk Steve called a bike… even if he’d never admit it. “Ready and willing.”
“You gotta tell me what happened.” He frowned. “Or will happen.
“Are you sure?” It sure did feel longer.
, we have teams now, I… I can’t—”
“Breathe,” Steve said next to him, grasping his hand.
“That’s not fair,” Steve replied, this voice subdued.
“God, I want you,” he murmured, his mouth licking down Tony’s chest, sucking at the hollow of his pelvis, first one side then the other, biting him just below his navel, so that his whole body bucked. Then, Steve’s hand pressed down on his groin, feeling the hardness beneath.
