He strokes up Sherlock's calf: one hand, flat: "Four." His five light trailing fingers: "S-six, I think." The love bite in the back of his knee is still flushed and darkening: John wants, absurdly, for it to be tomorrow already so he can peel out him out of everything and
"I think he was abused," John says, very quietly; and then sighs. "That's not—" He sighs again, and then folds the lid back over his sandwich and then drops it back down on the top of his laptop bag, slumped beside his shin. He sits back, rubbing at his face. "Christ, this is so hard to explain
"I would," Sherlock says, very seriously, "if you were to dress up in your school rugby kit."
"It's all right," Sherlock says, quiet.
"I don't feel silly, exactly," John says. It comes out rough: he clears his throat. "I like it, with you," he says, very quietly. "I like doing this with you."
'93. In 1993 Sherlock'd been—a boy, still, just. And John'd been—in London, but. But if John'd been—just another Wolvercote lad, instead. Just—just another boy, from a house down the street, marking two schools' terms on his calendar until he could trail out the long cord of the 'phone to drag it into the cupboard under the stairs so Harry wouldn't listen in while he rang up the Holmes house and hoped that Granny Holmes'd not be the one to answer over and over until at last he caught Sherlock, instead; at last, home from school: at last. In 1993—Christ, he can barely imagine it. What would Sherlock've cared about, before he cared about—murders, and clever thieves, and abusing the police? What would they've—
"Or—or stop, but." Sherlock squirms on his pillow. "But you could, a bit. If you want."
John's dressing gown is still hanging on the back, dusty; too heavy for summer. He ought to wash it. Put it away, for the minute and a half before it's cold again. On the mirror steam is already gathering. John sets the stopper back on the edge of the bath and shucks off his boxers while Sherlock peels off his pajamas. Climbs in after John under the spray so that John can draw the curtain around them.
"Shh": John pulls at him kisses is kissing him— "oh, I can, can I just—" as Sherlock is nodding nodding knees spreading and nodding as John is slipping his three wet fingers against justinto him and they slip in so
happened," Mycroft says. He sounds completely disgusted; John's face cracks: a cousin of a smile, almost, nearly.
Sherlock's cheeks are still mottled red, but he meets John's eyes.
"And you like it when I touch you," Sherlock adds; and "Yes," John murmurs, "ten points to Hufflepuff"; and Sherlock pauses, then asks, "Which one's that?"
"But—but it's not like you expect?" he asks.
"Dexterous," John says, after a moment; and Sherlock swallows. Loud. Nods, then, without looking up.
Face—like John'd slapped him. Wide-eyed.
At the far end, Sherlock asks, "Did I hurt your feelings?"
As—licks, and dry-wet as he. Licks.
"That
Silence. Lightning-shocked, still. John hadn't thought, quite—Sherlock's unreadable smog-blue eyes—
"You—I can't do that," John says, "I—"
Sherlock's chest hair is pale and sparse, which John knew long before his fingertips find the first few wiry threads when he slips them under the still-buttoned stretch of Sherlock's shirt. Under his skin his muscles flinch faintly at the touch. Ribcage lifting and falling shallowly with his breath. He is watching John's face; John watches him back. His pink ribbon-bow mouth and dark hungry eyes and
Sherlock frowns. "No. I told you, I choose not to, at all."
"I thought you wouldn't appreciate me casting aspersions on your coworkers' characters."
"It's not." He clears his throat. "It's not—his part of it, that'd be different," John says, and takes a breath. "It's the—it's Jacob's."
John's head is tipped back, like he is someone else. Like they are someone else. As though it could possibly be someone other than Sherlock who is kissing him, in Portsmouth, at nearly eleven, but it isn't. John knows that it isn't. From here he can see all of Sherlock's familiar ill-assorted features, brought too-close and blurring with nearness, like the fine furred edges of his unsettling, half-open eyes.
Sherlock licks across him: an echo, very faint, of that hot-heavy prickling jolt it'd been last night. "Tell me," Sherlock says, thick; and John swallows, hard.
"—but this," he says, helpless.
"Aftershave?" John asks. Soft. Soft.
Sherlock gasps; and they kiss.
John's hand is pinned between the wing of Sherlock's shoulder and the sheets. "No," he admits, and Sherlock rubs his foot against John's bared knee.
"I spy with my little eye," he says, settling his shoulders, "something beginning with 'A'." Rubbing, John notes, his broad palms down John's back.
—to try and get his hand around it while Sherlock rocks the toy inside him: incessant, relentless. John shudders, squirming, and then finally gets his fingers around the bottle, shoving it down towards Sherlock while slowly, gently, Sherlock eases John's ankles up onto his shoulders. John wipes at his face. He's dripping all over everything, he'd leaked precome all over the pillow and his thighs are prickling up as they dry but he's drenched in sweat and his arse still feels so wet he isn't certain that Sherlock really needs it, but Sherlock is still slicking up his hands. Pulling John's arsecheeks apart to stare at him, red-faced, licking his pink mouth wet again as he rubs his fingertips against him, coaxing: John opens, wants to open, wants to be so open for him—
"Yeah," Sherlock says, then swallows. "Yeah."
I ask, how can I possibly ask him to—he—if
Hollow John swallows. "Can you—hard, something that—" swallowing and swallowing, gasps, "—that h-hurts—" and Sherlock pulls out hand flat ringing out stinging all over John's burning arse as John groans, fucking his half-hard prick into the pillow. Sherlock kisses his nape and his throat and John swallows, swallows; reaches—and bowed above him, warm sweatyclose lovely arc, left-handed Sherlock presses John's hands tight to the base of the headboard, and holds them there. Pinned. John whimpers and is still.
"Because it makes me sound like a child," Sherlock snaps, and then, "
He forces them back open.
"If—for you if it isn't." He stops. Breathes in. "Lonely," he says. Throat closing up.
"Oh," John says. "He's—he is most definitely interested in sex."
"Surely there's some sort of government lackey who'd be perfectly thrilled to sit for hours watching nothing happen," John says.
"Eight?" John asks.
true thing, maybe, even afte—at first. At first, John hadn't entirely remembered how to trust him—or wanted to, even; but if you'd asked him any time in the past—four, five months, he'd've remembered. He'd've said he was closer to Sherlock than anyone and meant it. That he knew Sherlock, when it came down to it, even better than himself: but John stayed and John knows him but John doesn't know this face. He touches Sherlock's cheek. The soft-shaved line of his strange, new chin.
"I'll be right back," he says instead. Touches Sherlock's shoulder, sliding past.
and so now in their living room, "I think you're always watching us," John says to Holmes in his office after practice, "whenever we're out on the field," all bravado, isn't he, at fifteen; "anytime we're out there, really, in our little shorts"; and the skin around Sherlock's eyes shifts, tectonic.
John is acutely aware of the brief space of air between them. Of Sherlock's hips, half-canted forward; and his arms crossing tight over his chest.
Sherlock scrapes at his plate. Mutters, "Sod him, anyway."
Sherlock nuzzles against him. Kisses him, once; then gently slides John's arm from around him; and John pats his smooth cheek. "Go back to sleep," Sherlock whispers.
John touches his sides. Petting up. Down again. It wasn't, in fact, quite what he'd meant, but he'll hardly complain. Thumbing across the bones of Sherlock's hips, looking up at his red half-uncertain expression, his huge violet-rimmed seaglass eyes.
. He raises himself up on shaky legs. Eases it out, teeth gritted, holding onto the back of the chair, and then meets the black holes of Sherlock's eyes in his reflection in the window.
"Yeah, Oslo," she says. "I just got in this morning." She pauses. "How's Sherlock?"
: John shudders— "oh God, John.
"Ooh, if not," Natalie says, eyes widening, "there's a perfectly lovely woman who runs lighting at the Tabard, you'd
from 'not bothered'," Sherlock says. "It gets you off."
Hard Sherlock squeezes 'round his shoulders. Tight fingers, curling just over the top of John's arm. "I don't mean to—it's no kind of excuse," Sherlock says. Thick. "I know that." Regretful John lifts his head to mouth at him, jaw and cheek.
: before beside the chairs he'd said
. John couldn't do that. Wouldn't be able to. Would want—
Sherlock hasn't, John can't help noticing, got any further than that first slice of toast and a few sips of tea. Won't, probably, with John watching, so John picks up his phone and texts Harry, replies to two comments on his blog through the awful mobile interface, just to give Sherlock enough time to pick up his spoon; prod the eggs, a bit; then take a tentative bite, shoulders hunching. John doesn't say anything, or look up, or look over; but he leaves his right hand resting on Sherlock's back where they both pretend he's just forgotten it, while, with the left, he thumbs through news stories about the Greek debt crisis, about road accidents involving self-driving cars. That way Sherlock can have the space to make it through the bulk of his food without John making him uncomfortable with his attention and his concern and his bizarre pervert fantasies about constrictive bed linens and forced immobility.
"Yeah," he says, voice shaking. "Please"; and Sherlock smacks him right across the join between his arse and his thigh, and then bends back down to lick over him, John shuddering, all his blood pooling up at the tip of Sherlock's tongue. "Harder," John gasps; and jerks when Sherlock scrapes his teeth against him; and moans. Sherlock slaps him open-handed and fast, four times, while hot all over John pants and squirms on his crisp clean sheets.
"With Sherlock," George says. Half a question.
"A few hard smacks and already you can't even hold yourself up," Sherlock murmurs.
, soft;
"Depends," John says. Rubs his face over him: hot. "Do you mean them?"
to be Shoreditch?": and wet and heavy John laughs, turning to face him; "Kiss me," John says, half desperate with gratitude; and Sherlock tips his face against his. Nuzzling.
"Three, sir," John manages.
"Too far gone to let you be," says Sherlock, low and—and ashamed, John realizes; he's ashamed. Ashamed of what, precisely? John thinks is thinking; but Sherlock has slid back down to the floor with his hands sliding up John's knees to John's hips to John's flies where his hands rest, cheeks blazing: Christ, he looks like a meal. "Can I?" Sherlock asks, very quietly; and swallowing John tells him, "You can—you can do anything you want to me—
John swallows: an echo. Pathfinding in the dark. He rubs at Sherlock's shoulders, over and over. Stroking, soft, up his nape, to scratch into Sherlock's damp hair.
Sherlock flushes: lovely. Christ. John presses his mouth to his cheek. A breath. He pulls back.
"No," John says, finally. "They were fine."
He says, "I can't tell. Quite."
—" fingers curling and— "God. Yeah. It feels great, I—" snuggling the whole warm aromatic stretch of his sweaty body up against John's body, his erection wet against the back of John's thigh. "Christ," John gasps, jerking—out, arm shoving—
Press. Shiver-closer pressing together; and
," Sherlock says, thick with loathing, "you see, and the head just—did as she asked. Because she'd been at Somerville, and she'd married late, after a decade and a half as a spinster don of
. "Do you want me to come?" John asks.
"Mm, I have." Sherlock spreads his fingers. "Does it—"
John scrubs at his face, grinning. "You're such a prick."
"I'll do anything you ask me to," John says, quietly. "But—but I can't stand it if—I don't want to do it if. If it makes you unhappy."
, sent from the checkout line at Tesco's while Marianne took her turn first. No reply. John pockets his mobile: he isn't tired. He does the washing up, scrubs the sink clean, empties the kitchen rubbish into the big bin outside; then starts a load of laundry and sets to on the sofa with a bit of rag wetted with a few drops of lube mixed with two tablespoons of olive oil: like to dissolve like; his chemistry teacher would be proud. Then he hoovers and hangs his laundry to dry and lounges about for a while in his chair with his laptop getting angry at the news before he gives up at half eleven, heads upstairs to brush his teeth.
, licked into him heart hammering opening his mouth on the sweat-salty hardhot skin at the roots of Sherlock's body kissing hot-sucking over and over up-down up-down to the furled-tight knot of his arsehole, tasting—his body bitter with lube, where—gasping—as John pushes his tongue into his arse where he'd fit his fingers into his body as shuddering Sherlock lets out a hard, desperate-hot cry—taut—pushingdown with his balls soft on John's face knees over his shoulders so that John can—starving—
"What's that, then?" John asks, and Sherlock glares at him. With some difficulty, he says, "My—my admirably well-lubricated hands," and John laughs, bending over. Bracing one palm against the rim of the bath behind Sherlock's shoulder to kiss him while Sherlock winds his slicked-up arm 'round the back of John's neck and gets shaving foam in his hair. Forehead against his forehead. Nose rubbing the side of John's nose. "Let me finish this, first, yeah?" John whispers, close and dear; and Sherlock exhales. Nods, after a moment. John licks Sherlock's bottom lip, then pulls back.
"So what
He's flushing, John notes. Not meeting John's eyes.
—of Sherlock's hand—holding him—
"No," John says quietly. "That's my point."
His hand on John's back, as John sits up.
," Sherlock gasps, and John bites down tasting hot-salt-metal over Sherlock's sweat and Sherlock's skin and their lube and Sherlock's precome still smeared over his teeth and his tongue as Sherlock groans shoving up-scraping into the raw electric heart of him, all nerves. Helpless gasping John gasps, blinking hard: looking—down, too-close blurred his—red mouth and the sandpaper-scrape of him fucking up into John's aching arse and Christ John wants—torn—in pieces—he, he wants—he wants. He wants Sherlock sliding hotscraped deep inside him as he is bending back down to kiss him. As holding him close Sherlock panting red-faced fucks up into him and they kiss over and over licking over and over at the little hotwetraw half-open spot on Sherlock's beautiful, panting, open mouth.
tell me, I
"For the past five years," Sherlock says, too loudly; "I've been—": breaking off around a queer, breathless sound: twisted off, choked up, as he squeezes his eyes shut tight and John shifts closer on the duvet, drawing him in: putting his arms around Sherlock's hunched-up arms and shoulders and pulling until they are pressed everywhere head to toe together as Sherlock grinds out, "
"Yeah." Sherlock kisses him. Back. Tailbone. "Yeah?"
"Would you do it?" Sherlock asks, then clears his throat. "I want—I want you to, I want you to do it," and pulse pounding all over John kneels up—
: three men one man all Sherlock, all of him, all himself, all at once. In the shower John had knelt. He had knelt like a knight in a poem, but before Sherlock it had felt sound—true—right; and John had kissed his hand. The eyeliner is unopened, of course; because of course it is unopened; because what could he've done with it, really? what might Sherlock do? Put it on for a case? Sit on the sofa with a hand mirror and paint it on one-handed, while beside the door John would fidget, impatient, and wait? It's easy to forget, sometimes, that Sherlock's disguises are universally rubbish, that Sherlock has never been mistakable for anyone but Sherlock, occasionally in a slightly out-of-character hat. Upstairs in John's bed, the first time, John had touched Sherlock's chest, and Sherlock had liked it, and he had blushed.
John kisses his cheek, and Sherlock whispers, "You're
"Yeah, but—" John sighs, rolling up onto his side to see him. Elbow propped under his head. With the other he takes Sherlock's hand again: long fingers. "I—it feels different, you know, when you're—." He swallows. "Earlier. This morning. You—you wanted that, you
Anyway. Long story short: this chapterlet is going up on January 22nd. The next chapterlet will go up on
Sherlock does a good job of it, John thinks, for a man whose mouth is full of noodles. "You just want to make your brother pay for the car another day," he says, and Sherlock gives him a totally ineffectual glare, his cheeks puffed out, chewing as industriously as a particularly swottish beaver.
"My." Sherlock swallows. Chin tucked down, face not-quite turned. "Stomach," Sherlock says.
"It was better," Sherlock says, "when you did it," and curls his knee up towards the pillows, tucks his hand beneath it, showing himself half-open, half-angled, honeyed and tempting in the lamplight.
He's so close that Sherlock's body feels warm to him. Massive. From here he can see clearly the tremor of Sherlock's pulse, just above the notch of his collarbones; if he
"All right?" Drilled into John's skull, as cracked open to fit him John buzzing nods and nods. "Kiss me," Sherlock says, breathless, as though John could do anything else, twisting his mouth to press clumsily against the edges of Sherlock's open wet mouth, his hand shoving tight to John's hand wedged under John's cracked-open ribs hot helpless sweat-slick all over with Sherlock screwing himself slowly down-into the reckless tumbling avalanche of John's ecstatic pulse and his thumb and John's thumb their knotted up hand and their single bipartite thumb on an arrowhead burr their touch on John's chest while they fuck.
, and have tugged, insistently, at the fraying sleeve of Sherlock's t-shirt, and then—not looking away from the handsome man in velvet trousers in Mrs. Holmes's dusty smoky living room awash in silk-filtered sunlight—John, defiant, would've slid his hand down and down into Sherlock's strong-fingered, still-oversized, boyish hand.
? He'd been buried already: he remembers thinking that. He remembers—that feeling. He remembers—clawing for air.
"Anything yet?" Greg asks her, and then tilts his head back to take a long, scraping sort of slurp from the very bottom of his Starbucks cup: Christ, if John drank that entire thing his heart would probably dissolve inside him. Sherlock doesn't answer, taking a step away, then another, then another: chin jutting forward, sniffing—hm—as he leans away to look out towards—the park, John thinks. The trees?
him—feeling each warmwet rippling clench of Sherlock's body as Sherlock slicks up his shaking hands as John fucks him with his fing—his—his long purple-ridged vibrator, wanting— "Touch me," John says, breathless, as Sherlock tucks his arm beneath his own body, to where—: "feel my cock fitting inside you"; and Sherlock's dripping-wet fingers meet John's palm. John shudders gasping, "Oh, Sherlock—fuck, can you—show me how to fuck you, I need to, I need another hand, I'll fall over," as nodding whining into his mouth Sherlock pets his fingertips along the roots of John's fingers at the tight-silky rim of his body and then—alongside—and justbarely—
John breathes. Ties the blue checked in a slipknot, like the other, just in case. Then he pushes up onto his knees to his forearms braced carefully either side of Sherlock's dark head and they kiss, while Sherlock runs his knuckles over the softness at John's belly and John.
"I'm not an idiot, Sherlock," John says.
"Is this," Sherlock asks, "all right, or—"; "Yeah," John says, unsteady; and Sherlock mashes his face against John's and breathes. Touching him, like—like a rabbit's foot, or a lucky penny: John could laugh, almost. Sinking his fingers slow into him as Sherlock cradles John's balls in his hand.
John shifts.
"Consider it in the nature of a warm-up, then," Sherlock says, quiet, "for you coming down to see me"; John swallows, forces—nods, doesn't want—but
"Prague," Sherlock says, quiet.
"Well, then." John says. Clears his throat. "That does make me feel better," he admits; and Sherlock's mouth twists, complicated, before he turns up his hand to John's hand.
John doesn't think about it, mostly.
been true." Sherlock's smeared green eyes. "But—but I worry, with sex," John says, willing him to understand, "that sometimes you're just—just asking me to do things because you think I want them, even if—even if you hate them, or they make you feel bad." John swallows. "I don't want you to hate it," he says: inadequate, Christ. He says, "I don't want you to feel bad."
be drinking tea but mostly is just emitting a thick, spreading cloud of humiliation and silent misery; and John hopes, rather viciously, that the sight of the two of them snogging haunts Mycroft for months, gives him terrible nightmares. John's knee is twitching. He forces it still.
from him, because Sherlock can't talk about any of that, either. John feels like now for the first time in all the years he has known him, the only place they can touch is their skin; and that shrinking by the hour: he's let Sherlock blow him—tongue him—fuck him, several times—press sucking kiss after sucking kiss to his wrists and his thighs and his armpits while John pulled against the belt 'round his wrists and moaned until he felt like his whole body wanted to cry; but every time they're within fifteen feet of each other it seems to bring a new part of Sherlock that is off-limits to John: his mouth, first kissing then touching it entirely; then his hands; then his neck; until by the end of it last night Sherlock had flinched from him when John—still panting, squeezing at his own rubbed-red wrists, weak and blurry from orgasm—had bumped his forehead against Sherlock's fully-clothed shoulder. It hadn't even been a caress. In a lot of ways they'd touched more, John is thinking, through the ache in his legs and his burning working lungs, in twenty fucking ten. Meanwhile Sherlock is clearly not sleeping; hasn't shaved in days; has eaten, as far as John can tell, a half a slice of overdone toast, two-thirds of a cold cup of milky sweet chamomile tea, a half an egg, and two bites of muffin, spread out over the entirety of the past three days; and has not showered at all and therefore smells increasingly like sex, stale sweat, old saliva, and dirty hair. John is, therefore, in the increasingly unenviable position of wondering if he's going to have to call Mycroft again just to get him to drag Sherlock home for a wash and a snack like a misbehaving child, for which John knows perfectly well Sherlock would never forgive him. If Sherlock turns up tonight angling for another frantic, joyless shag, should John
John swallows. Fits his hand around him. Watches his face: "Okay?" John asks, closing his fingers: gentle, slow, as eyes dark half-closed, Sherlock, slowly, nods.
there to be something other than—any of that."
John swallows: fuck, his mouth. In floods. Crawling down to his elbows and belly to meet him mouth-first and then.
. Here their mouths brush, stick together. Pull-slip, apart; and then rest. Here John breathes. Touch: rest. Here breathing out into Sherlock's mouth with four fingertips on his smooth pale belly and one arm around him and the whole of his body pressed to his dear warm body helpless,
When John turns the taps off Sherlock hands him the towel. Watches, with more than usual intensity, while John wipes his hands, then looks back at John's face.
"It's—it's intimate," John says, thick. "It's the most—"
Sherlock's hands are white-knuckled under his knees. "I, I don't know."
John starts laughing again. Sherlock nuzzles down into his shoulder, squeezing him tight tight tight.
, that he's been working on at all hours—that he—that he
, over and over:
Salt. Hot. A wisp of thought and then gone; and on the table Sherlock's long white hands, folded in fists.
: remembering, his face floods hot. The clock: four minutes. He checks his mobile, two unread texts.
"No," John gasps. Bites his lip. Jerks his wrist hand cramping: "No—"
"I—too much, or," John asks, unsteady. His fingers hot-cradled slip-slick sliding—
"All right," John says. "My—you know, therapist, because I—I am a bit—bonkers, still, you know that, right?"
John has stopped, he notices. His hand. He is clutching the edge of the door frame, sweating under his dressing gown: he's overheated still from the shower, and. Besides. It's. A bit heavy for this weather, isn't it.
"Go away, John," says Mycroft, sounding sulky, so John laughs and rings off, and then forwards him the photo and trots back down the stairs to the street.
": and above him Sherlock closes his eyes.
He says, "I want you to," and then stops. Voice caught. In his blunt fingers John rolls the webbing between Sherlock's forefinger and thumb, over and over. Over and over. Over and over: his thumb. "I want to stick them up you," Sherlock says.
—and John's stomach plummets, as Sherlock moans squeezes his eyes shut tight wet gushing out over his temples around the edges of his cheeks and then. Sherlock.
He frowns. He can feel his eyebrows scrunching together. "How do you mean?"; and she shifts.
His mind has gone weirdly blank. He
—and then Sherlock's long hand. Gentle. Tucked into the shadow-space between them, his long fingers are finding the fold of John's collar—resting, for a breath—then—careful, tender—tugging it up, and then brushing it back down again, smooth and flat.
Sherlock doesn't answer. He is—bent forward: curled into his little shell-self, a closed-off shut-away Sherlock that John cannot touch, that John—has not ever been able to touch, and none of that is new to him but it was different, wasn't it, in 2010 and 2012 and twenty bloody thirteen, when John'd thought—when John'd really—when John'd still sodding believed that whatever secrets Sherlock had kept, was keeping, they were somehow loftier than John: ineffably and inevitably out of his mere mortal reach. Watching Sherlock wind in on himself just to—to
. He was—he was a real, living, breathing boy, in the Oxford suburbs, home from school with his dotty French gran while his brother brown-nosed his way ever-higher in something not wholly unlike the civil service and, and his mum was—where? Princeton, still? Not
"Bianca will find him, John," Mycroft says, more gently; and John nods, reflexive, even though Mycroft is muttering, "Self-involved oblivious
"I might, if..." Sherlock swallows. "I'd not guarantee I won't wake up rubbing against you, but I wouldn't—"
, all right?"
It must be late. Full dark out. Sherlock is terribly warm.
"You thought I'd want to hurt you," Sherlock says, hushed; and John's eyes prickle up.
"I know, I know." John rubs at his cheeks, which feel sore and hot. "And I'm not—I'm not even asking you to—"
Sherlock's arms tight, going tight. Air caught outside of him: pressed out.
"Do you think he's less invested?" George presses; and John swallows.
"Then can I," Sherlock says, only just unsteady enough that John tugs at his fringe until he lifts his face, which is pink-splotched over his cheekbones and utterly lovely, his jaw scratchy against the backs of John's knuckles. The pad of his thumb.
That surge of borrowed fear, again and all at once. It leaves John cored; breathless; stomach tight like a stone; but he couldn't explain it, not any part. Bewildering, really, to know with brick-solid certainty that Sherlock is afraid without knowing
"Eat your sandwich," she says, and John nods and closes the door. It's one of those fancy ones with still-mooing roast beef and cheese from artisan goats, or some such; from Natalie's favorite café, with extra mustard. John drops his mobile onto the desk and unlocks the screen; 21 new text messages. He chews, swallows, grabs his tea, washes it down, takes another bite and chews, scattering lettuce all over his sleeve.
"Yeah, well, you know how it is," he says, "better go pack a bag, have a shower," and holds out a hand to indicate the exit; Mycroft hesitates briefly, but is—predictably—too invested in the two of them hopping to to really push the issue. Just before leaving he turns to hand John his half-full mug with a sharp, superior expression; and John resists slamming the door behind him, but only just.
"Oh," Sherlock gasps, is gasping, "John you—
"Edinburgh," Sherlock says. He hasn't rung off.
"Demanding," Sherlock says, very softly, and John nods so Sherlock slaps him and he moans. "You would beg for it, wouldn't you?" Sherlock murmurs, and John flinches so Sherlock grabs him by the hair holds him up and bites his bottom lip and licks him open kisses him hard and wet and Sherlock says, "I like it," low and fierce, "I like it when you beg," and John
"Push that up, then," Sherlock says, and John pushes the box closer, so that Sherlock can reach to get out a bottle of lube—a different one, John can't help but noting, this one in an equally discreetly-labeled and painfully expensive-looking bottle, only clear. He hands it to John. "Come up here," Sherlock says, so John doesn't bother with looking for a price tag, just stretches out on his side at Sherlock's right. He's warm. John presses close. Kisses his shoulder, and Sherlock reaches across his chest, twisting, to kiss his mouth. John's goosebumps all over.
He stops. Breathing in. John rubs their mouths together: staticky. Hot.
to—you wanted to do it, you wanted to—to fuck me into the mattress." He takes a breath, suddenly feeling—twisting. Unsteady, in his belly, low down. He asks, "Didn't you?"
. You were—"
—and Sherlock's hand—slips, twitches—tightens—and Sherlock says, "It feels like a promise," very low; and startled John's chest jerks— "Ngh—"; squeezing John's wrists tight, Sherlock says, unsteady, "Not one I can keep."
—and then Sherlock pulls back, hands fluttering, and John rocks back onto his heels.
John's shoulders jerk. He doesn't know why. It wasn't hard. He doesn't even
"Admirable goal," he says, "I was going to lick you for hours"; and Sherlock lets out a wet, half-laughing sob.
into conversation—"
Neither of them says anything, for a while.
." He takes a long slow breath; it doesn't help. Sherlock is warm tight pressed everywhere against him and that doesn't help either, but Sherlock's hand is stroking the base of his back and that does.
"You could've said," Sherlock says; and John retorts, "What, 'I'm switching to a different practice so you can monopolize my time more easily,' yes, of course, why didn't I think of that?"
John breathes. No one else: he slides an arm squeaking between Sherlock's back and the bath, with some difficulty. You and me.
slid in too-trendy trainers on sea-damp cobbles before, at last, his hands flew up before the barrel of John's gun; and landed on the back of his bent head.
Sticky.
"Waste not, want not?" John asks; and Sherlock says, "Something like that."
"Too much?" he asks, rough.
"How, then," he says, quiet, not quite a question; and John finds that there is nothing in the world he can say.
"It's good?" Sherlock breathes.
: but he still froze when John touched his hair, after. He still sobbed, for hours, in John's bed. John couldn't've done it any different, he doesn't think—
"I think that you have continually demonstrated an unhealthy degree of willingness to forgive him," says Mycroft sharply. "And I think that this afternoon he's being extremely careful to steer clear of CCTV, and I think that he lied to you again, I imagine, or mislead you at the very
"So," John says.
"I have eyes on you," Mycroft is saying, "and I'm sending a car, stay where you are, please"; and John tries—and then tries—and then—
He trails off. Sherlock sighs. "Made it seem pathological," he finishes; but John shakes his head, even though that's precisely what he'd not wanted to say.
After a moment, George clears his throat, and then sets his salad aside. "John, I'm sensing a lot of anxiety from you, a lot more than the last time we had an appointment, and I think you're circling it, a bit, but not quite articulating what it is that you're so anxious about. Do you know why you're anxious?"
First forehead to forehead.
He sounds very nearly Victorian, which is why John knows, with absolute certainty, that they are talking about sex. John leans in for a kiss, very gentle. "Boyfriend?" he asks. Light as he can.
"I know you think I'm angry with you," John says, very quietly. "Because—that was the point, wasn't it?"; and Sherlock still doesn't look away, but he's flushing: a slow, creeping red rising up from his collarbones and his throat, which John wants to kiss, somehow: even now. Even—even as crap as this day has been, he still wants—and it's a hot, shame-crinkling sort of a thought: John wants to nuzzle and pet at him even now; and he scrubs at his own hot face. "But I'm not angry with you," John explains, helplessly. "I'm—upset, and—
In case it's unfamiliar to you, John and Sherlock are playing a slightly modified version of
"I—oh," Sherlock says, startled, as John rubs a fingertip across his eyelashes, light.
Flushed. "Do it properly," Sherlock says, voice low rubbed-rough against all the prickling-writhing cells in John's oversensitive skin; and so John gets his hands off himself, somehow, and takes the bottle out of Sherlock's hands.
"I need a break," John says. "How 'bout you?"
"It was easier, last week," John says, finally.
—and in the long vibrating silence after John doesn't—he can't—he shouldn't've but he didn't mean to but Greg isn't
It aches. Inadequate.
," thick; as wiping his hands on his pajama bottoms John says, "I'll be right back," and kneels up off the bed. Nearly tripping over his feet, stumbling out into the living room, over the power cord to Sherlock's laptop, over—Christ, is that a toy train? doesn't matter—over to the sofa and Sherlock's discarded duvet, which he bundles up and hauls back into Sherlock's room, shakes it out hastily while Sherlock—still four fingers deep and an electric sort of a red—glares at him ineffectually until John and the duvet pull themselves back up onto the mattress, drape themselves over him: John pressing aimless eager kisses all over Sherlock's hot face and throat as he shoves the duvet back to the side and pets at Sherlock's sternum, his long thighs—
"Drink."
Outside, a lorry trundles by, glass-muffled. It doesn't stop it, though, does it: John can still hear the engine grumbling above the slow damp slosh of its tires on the wet street. Outside it must smell—fresh, washed clean. John knows London in the rain: even that petrol smell made new again. Their shut-up flat just smells like sex and soap and in the long, tenderized stretch of air between them: the onions, caramelized and cooling. Olives and chopped-up tomatoes and the pan of lentils bubbling on the back burner, brown and earthy and thick. The washer's stopped. Sherlock is lying to him. John should move his duvet.
, or."
Throat fluttering John slides his hand up into Sherlock's hair. Knots, hard. Tugs.
"So if you don't think—that there's something." John swallows. "
It's quiet, and John is quiet: quieted pressed down still flat held under Sherlock's warm breathing heavy body: soft. Sherlock's face hot blurring-close to his face.
"Then what?" John whispers, while Sherlock shudders and moans, shoving his left hand down to—the ring, John realizes,
"You didn't kill Sebastian Moran," John says, after a moment; and Sherlock tells him, "But I would've, if Angela'd given me half a chance."
John nods. "Can be well better than handsome, that," he says.
—forty minutes 'til seven, he knows: far too soon.
"I thought." Tasting bitter. "I was afraid that." Salt-sweat. John says, "That I wouldn't stop."
"Yeah," he says. "Like hitting me. Which—is something that I like, but—or. Or—fucking me, just now, or—or asking me to fuck you."
"Come on," Sherlock says. "I've got one."
"Will you," Sherlock says, and then stops. John nuzzles his cheek, then pulls back, just, as Sherlock clears his throat. "Will you let me—
Not easy. Still. He gets them open, doesn't he. It'd been Harry, of all people, who'd said to him,
"Mycroft does that, I mean," Sherlock says.
"Tomorrow," Sherlock says. Tucking his chin down, rubbing at his right eyebrow. (Enough.) "Early."
Beside him, Sherlock jerks back, wide-eyed; but John puts his hand on his shoulder: settle, gentle. Sweet.
"No," he admits. "But Yvonne—the girl in the shop. She said they were easy to tear, yeah?"
the things that Sherlock can and can't forgive would match poorly onto that language for everyone else. But. But John didn't, properly speaking, think:
Sherlock's gaze on his face is intent. "I do," he says, quiet.
A breath, deep. Underneath him Sherlock is still smiling, a very little: heart beating John kisses the corner of his mouth.
"I know," George says. "The running is a good call. You've said before that you struggle sometimes with being tired enough, when you go to bed—"
John laughs. Sounds a bit mad, really. Sherlock's tongue, Sherlock's bottom lip, Sherlock's hand sliding down John's throat and chest and bare hot groin to cup him, palm him up; chasing the beating blood out to every inch of John's burning skin. "Turn. Around," Sherlock repeats; and John swallows around nothing and then Sherlock squeezes,
Looking up at him with his big dark pupil-filled eyes, Sherlock eases himself back all the way down to his seat.
"You want me to just ease this to the side," Sherlock says, rubbing his fingers along the base, "and pull you up onto my cock, too, hm?" His left hand has gone walkabout, petting at whatever bits of John apparently strike his fancy, hips and knees and wet thighs and trembling ankles, and every touch sinks into John's body like wet clay.
like it's with him, and I—and in some ways the most awful part is," he says, aching, "that I'm not even here for Sherlock."
Coiled up. Held in place: John can rest.
"So this," Sherlock murmurs, petting two fingers back down the end of John's spine. Petting. Barely—
"I—" John's hand, drifting: he puts it back down on the table, flat. "I'm glad you met him," he says. "I'm glad he got you through." A breath: his ribs ache. Knots all over, tied around every bone. Sherlock is watching him, with that same sharp sharp gaze: and careful, so carefully, John says: "You—you understand what it looks like to me, though, don't you?"
Rough. Still half-asleep John laughs, and tugs at Sherlock's hair.
Sherlock hums. "Not really." He slides his thigh closer between John's thighs. A strange feeling: erotic and not erotic. Not any one thing.
, and drops his hand to his lap. Cutting into his French toast with the side of his fork and then taking a bite, chewing deliberately, while he rubs his big thumb into the arch of John's bare foot.
"You do," Sherlock tells him; and then kisses him, hard and wet and biting: John's lips feel. Bruised. "You make me—"
Swallowing, up-down. Sherlock nods.
Sherlock doesn't seem to have an answer. His face is red.
"You were going to," John says, and then pauses. The hollow of Sherlock's throat is creamy-white, framed by the collar of his shirt. The sight leaves John a little bit lightheaded.
"When did the last exhibit close?" Sherlock asks, and Wilson squints.
John takes a breath. First in hours, he thinks. Rubbing their faces together: press. A breath: first in days. Holding Sherlock against him, still and tight, for—.
Sherlock doesn't answer.
kind, he's—
"M'demanding," John says, thick; and Sherlock's hand leaves his skin comes up as he pulls his body back just far enough for his palm to sting and then presses in tight again, hand cupping around him, body holding John close-cradled against window and wall.
: John pushes Sherlock's elbow up and then closes his teeth on Sherlock's armpit wiry hair and then
It snaps. "Oh, give me a break," John snaps, straightening up, "not all of us were blowing up the chemistry labs and, and getting tossed out for reorganizing the library by—"
, and pushing closeuptightinto dug in hard desperate wanting wanting
"Yes, it bothered me," Sherlock says. "I was furious, I hated the thought of someone—of him—
. And then—
John nods, even though Sherlock's not looking. He wonders if Sherlock's spent much time in Amsterdam, like Rouen. John is thinking—Priyanka. Brian. Thinking—the 30
John nods.
; John can remember that, just before the text John's been so assiduously forgetting, Sherlock had told him,
"Well," John says, and then laughs, a bit. Awkward. "That is—I think he was abused."
"I did managed to tag along on a backstage tour," Sherlock says, after a moment. "Ask a number of truly imbecilic questions about Puccini, you know, the usual."
. Nine, don't—don't stop," so John doesn't stop. Sherlock moans. John squirms, pulls him wider, works his tongue in, and Sherlock just moans and opens, lets John kiss him wet, drooling all up and down him good and wet, Sherlock grunting into the duvet with John in between his spread legs licking-licking-licking him, thumbs massaging his firm round arse while he squirms as starving John fucks him open with his tongue. Sherlock is shameless: voice broken up in his throat, shoving back onto John's mouth into John's hands, and it'd take a stronger man than John to resist the way Sherlock opens right up for John's tongue as deep as his teeth, shoving his prick into the mattress with his tongue up Sherlock's arse held open while Sherlock squirms squirming wanton and breathless and if Sherlock would just let him, if moaning underneath him humping at the air Sherlock could just bloody well
After a moment, George says, very slowly, "Is it different, now, do you think?"
"It's nothing." John drops it, fingers curled, unmoving. "It's just a scrape."
Two fingers on John's half-open mouth, just resting; and Sherlock's cold-burning eyes up above.
"Sit with me," John says. Drawing his gaze up over the tacky skin to which it sticks: damp belly, flushed throat, to Sherlock's lovely face, still red looking at him away at away at away while his Adam's apple bobs in his throat. "Come on," John says, petting, wanting— "we can watch videos of—or, no, laptop's downstairs, but—we can look out the window, or, or cuddle a bit, or—or we can play Simon sodding Says, whatever you—"
, shouted, "
Sherlock blinks. Once, twice.
"No," Sherlock says.
"Probably not for a while," Sherlock admits. "But that's all right."
"I'm not wearing them right now," he admits; and Sherlock's face falls comically. John doesn't laugh. It's not even that hard. Instead John touches Sherlock's pale throat, his lovely rough cheek, the soft-bruised shadow under his right eye and the pulled-down corner of his soft pink mouth, and asks, "Want to come upstairs and put them on me?"
"Two?" John asks. "Two point five?"
John was called on the carpet enough at school. He wasn't a bad kid—he'd had goals, he did the work, he stayed away from the rougher sorts—but he wasn't perfect, either.
Twice.
"This was a bit weird for me, at first," John admits, sitting, very nearly, on Sherlock's bare thighs.
"I don't want to," Sherlock says, but his face is flushing a deep, luxuriant red. John laughs.
him, dragging him while they kiss,
"Hello," says a bland, automated woman, "You have reached the voicemail inbox of—" and John hangs up, then rounds the corner tapping the screen to ring Mycroft's office number instead, where, even at just past ten on a Sunday morning, Bianca is apparently available to answer, "Dr. Watson," in her coolest crispest voice; to which John says, "Miss Chung"; to which she raises him a, "What can I do for you this afternoon?" which—well.
"Idiotic of me, isn't it," Sherlock says, suddenly harsh. "To—to spend so long—I told Mycroft once that you were my
Sherlock kisses his jaw. His cheek. "I want to take you to bed."
John nods: he can do that. There's a two-thirds empty jar at the back, behind two mismatched cans of lager: John digs the jar out. The cutting board. A knife. He stands at Sherlock's side at the work surface and cuts the olives clumsily, in uneven pieces, until Sherlock turns off the front burner and steps—inhaling—as he leans to press his mouth to John's temple, and then turns away, while John, unsteady, sets down the knife. His hands are covered in olive, salt and oil: turning he wipes them off on his jeans so he can put his arms around Sherlock's middle, his face pressing helplessly to the warmth of Sherlock's back. He can feel the thud of Sherlock's heart, the rise and fall of Sherlock's breathing warm ribs; and John wants him, as he has wanted him all day, helplessly: that same curling-together cradling longing that has pushed their bodies into each other over and over. Animal. Sweet.
John rubs at his face, hand clumsy. "I. I'm sorry," he says, finally. "I was. Asleep." His voice is rough in his chest and his throat.
"Fuck," John gasps, pushing back; and panting Sherlock pushes with him. Christ. He turns his face towards Sherlock's already twisted down to meet him, lips parted. Their teeth clack—can't reach, barely—but Sherlock squirms, wraps his other arm tight around John head and shoulders to hold him close and kiss him, open-mouthed and badly angled, as his hips move, small and shallow, but move and move and move.
Sherlock's eyelashes sink. His fingertips are cold, still; and they move with his mouth when John asks, "So that's. All right, then?"
Burrowing against him. Sherlock says, "I want to be good at this." Soft.
"'You gather'?" He slouches. "You mean, Sherlock told you."
, barely—barely enough to—to
." John is gasping. Unsteady. "Can you." He swallows.
," Marianne adds, with some gusto.
On John's bare skin the room is hot. Still. Heavy, wet with summer humidity and—and the sweat from their bodies, and their breath. Over the open window, Mrs. Hudson's filmy white curtain, unmoving.
, wasn't it? John spends £120 he oughtn't to and then goes home. Drops his bags in his chair and makes himself eggs and toast and then eats quickly, mechanically, like he'd learnt in the army, hunched over at their empty table; air still and too-warm and quiet, prickling the back of his neck. He does the washing up because it needs doing and gathers up his dry washing to fold it and put it away; and then he takes his purchases upstairs to shower and shave (electric) (again) and then trim his nails, working the barely-used file from its place flush against the body of the clippers to smooth out all his rough edges: leave his fingers careful and innocuous, with nothing to catch. Precise. The bag is full of tissue paper in a noncommittal shade of greenish blue: in the shop, Yvonne'd wrapped all his things like the gift they both knew, without asking, they mostly weren't, giving whoever might wash up beside him on the street or the Tube nothing of interest to see. It makes John—angry, angri
John jerks himself back, panting. "I. I think I need to stop," he gasps, kneeling up; then laughs, looking down at himself.
His cheeks are flushing darker, as he slides his long arms around John's neck.
"Oh, Jesus," Sherlock mumbles, and as John gives it a tug, Sherlock moans.
"Thanks," he says. "I'm sorry."
"Are we going to be..." John pauses. "All right, after that?"
"Right," he says. "The 30
A strange sort of leading by example, John thinks: Sherlock is pressed against him still trembling and tensed and John kisses him, as slow as he can; Sherlock breathes: and so they kiss. John isn't—he hasn't got anything against rough sex: Rebecca was—well, Rebecca, and every now and again Janeka had liked it very hard: a little rougher, even, than John usually let himself get. He and Paul had once had a conversation about knifeplay and the two of them'd never even got their kit off. But Sherlock isn't like Rebecca or Janeka or—John suspects—much like Paul; he isn't even like
Sherlock pushes up to sitting, then slides down to the foot of the bed and stands. He crouches down and comes up holding the bra, sliding it on over his long arms and his flushed shoulders while John watches, and then twisting his arms up behind himself, trying for the hooks: "If you come over here, I can do it," John says, quiet; and Sherlock swallows, up-down up-down, and then knees his way back across the duvet while John sits up on the bed. It's a lot easier, it turns out, to do up the hooks on someone else.
"You make me feel like I—I could be a stork in fancy dress," Sherlock says, voice rough; and then, very low, he adds, "if I wanted to"; and John presses his mouth to Sherlock's hot, hot face.
be different now," George persists, "why?"; and John says, "Christ"; and folds his hand over his aching eyes.
, John thinks, hand slipping,
"Mm." Sherlock shifts, jolts John's heel up, which jolts—
—" John gasps, "fuck—
—" but Sherlock comes back over, drops something by his hip, and sits down, cross-legged, by John's arm braced on the duvet, holding out a knobby black chunk of silicone, curved from tip to base. The overall shape is somewhat suggestive, but it's anything but realistic; still, John's body hair prickles up, up, up. Still thick, isn't it. Bulbous at the head.
"He was—was working, in, in the chemistry labs," John gasps. "After class. And I couldn't—couldn't stand it, I had to—so I got down under the bench and got his trousers undone," and Sherlock's tie would've fallen out of his pocket, got dirt all over it forgotten on the ground while on his knees down by his oxfords, the left untied, John would've, he would've, "I got his flies open, you understand, because I had to—wanted him down my throat," which clicks behind him; and John needs, he needs him to, "I needed to taste him," he is saying, desperate, "so I—" and his throat closes up, empty and hollow, and after a moment of long-drawn-out humiliated silence Holmes says, very quietly, "You put your mouth on him"; and "Yes," John gasps, and then he has to let go of the chair to wipe at his face: he would've, he would've slid under the bench and put his hands on Sherlock's narrow runner's thighs and kissed him all over, clumsy; licked him like an ice lolly; sucked him awkwardly into his mouth. He wouldn't've had the first idea what he was doing but he would've—listened, would've—
Marianne sips her wine. Slides it over, when he tilts the bottle. She says, "There are other options, you know."
Sherlock sets his whisk down in the bowl with a final-sounding sort of rattle, then turns towards him. "
," Priyanka scoffs, chair creaking as she turns; and Ben turns his beard toward her to say, "Yes, I know, love, but you know what he's like," and she makes another disgruntled sort of sound and slips one blunt hand around his elbow, while halfway down the table John is shaking his head, half-laughing, reaching for the bottle to top up Tom's wine.
Breathes deep.
"I would enjoy it," John says, finally, "if you were there": it comes out strange, off-kilter, too formal by far; but he
"What, what do you," Sherlock says, unsteady, "I—what do you.
He swallows, throat tight. "Yeah," he says. "I am."
Desire is easy for John: he's known that for ages. The first time knee to knee near nose to nose still breathless from shouting it'd been easy to grab Cal by the back of the neck. In March Rebecca'd been the office manager of a minor courier company where three of the staff'd been run down while out on deliveries; John'd noted her soft, fleshy pale body and black eyes and the constellations of brown-peachy freckles scattered across her collarbones and the bridge of her nose, and thirty-six minutes after they'd wrapped the case he'd been fucking her from behind just inside her flat's front door with his zip cutting into him and one hand wormed up under her shirt and her bra to cup a heavy breast, stroke the swollen-tight grape of nipple; the other holding up her masses of black-brown curls so that she could moan into the woodwork while he panted against the back of her pale freckled neck. He hadn't thought about Sherlock. He
," and then puts his hands back over his face: shivering huddled away from John washed over with all the wrongness of his hunched-up body shaking hands and that terrible absurd
—" if you were me and up above him Sherlock pushes his back into the sofa, shoulders squeaking, as too-fast he nods. His dark silvery eyes slipped halfway shut. Magnetized John touches the soft-furled damp clutch of his arsehole,
him, "
"I couldn't do a lot else, Sherlock," John says, and then stops, swallowing. His face is hot, weirdly achy. He feels everything inside him curling—curling up. Ashamed.
"I don't need you to do anything to me," John says, very steadily. Sherlock is watching John's cock, eyes soft and half-focused: his face is grey and pale and exhausted; but his blood is springing up pink in his bottom lip, caught between the sharp edges of his teeth. "Sherlock," John says, very quietly; and waits until Sherlock looks up at his face; and then John takes a slow, deep breath.
—bursts.
—: Sherlock's mauling mouth dragging across him jaw and throat "please—Sherlock—stop, just for a minute,
"You do nine-tenths of the cooking," John protests, as Sherlock slides an arm around him, head and shoulders, drawing him down. "I never know what you'll want," John says. Bending to kiss his throat.
Sherlock doesn't move. Fingers curled, loose. His shirt is puckered and wrinkled at the shoulder, where John was mauling it.
The afternoon turns out warm, the heat leaking in through their windows, thickening their air.
It makes his face hot. It is, he can know in retrospect, exceedingly strange that he didn't, not to—not to truly note. Back in their past life he'd thought about flinging Sherlock between cases, stroppy and odiferous, into the shower and hosing him off; but had he thought—had he thought about scrubbing his hair, his face, the lovely bird-wing architecture of his back? Had he—had he ever—back in—or in that long terrible stretch of celibacy after—after he'd—; but he doesn't know, he can't remember: in this moment his desire feels so vast as to be unfixable in time: surely, he wants to say, surely he must've—he must've known in some dark room inside him how he wanted him; he must've—must've looked at Sherlock, and himself, and then carefully locked that door shut. But he isn't at all certain that he did. He knows that it had felt—with Rebecca, with Cal, with Janeka, even to some certain extent with Paul though with Paul of course things had been different—desire, and the indulging of that desire, had felt so—so
"Won't be able to, ah." Sherlock laughs, a little. "Ought to keep entirely away from you, I think."
John curls his fingers into his palms. Window cold at his back, he could—always so warm, but. In the dark.
"I'm fine," Sherlock says.
Do you want to. Sherlock's breath has gone hitching, irregular: has lost track. "D'you want to," John prompts, and Sherlock makes a strung-thin inquiring noise and John says, "You were telling me, I said—do you want to—what?" lips brushing lace as he noses at him; and beneath him Sherlock lets out a soft sighing long breath.
, someone who requires A*-C marks on homosexuality from every queer that he meets and thinks
John nods. It's perfectly accurate, as best he remembers.
. It sounded angry, John thinks. Fierce. Feels it, too: his heart is beating queerly hard.
on the outside, after all, but it's still. Peculiar, somehow. An unfamiliar feeling, to be so—naked, so close, with his braced arms and his knees and Sherlock's hand on his belly, soft, like the corners of his eyes; and still feel—all the empty air between them. All that space. Thud, his heart; thud-thud. Thud-thud.
. With Sherlock's warm cheek brushing against his fingertips his thumb the backs of his curled-up useless knuckles: rough with stubble, still flushed.
"Feel good?" Sherlock asks, still panting.
"Come, now," John says. "I'd not do that to you on your birthday."
The eyeliner, of course, doesn't just come off with rinsing.
Sherlock's gaze is sharp. His hair's a mess, because John's been mauling it, because they spent an age rolling around together with their hands all over each other while they kissed and kissed but his gaze is sharp; his eyes very nearly his best finely-honed weapon; and yet.
"You're getting better," Sherlock tells him, as a cab appears out of nowhere and slides to a stop, "at least this time you knew that Sewell was a false lead"; and then he holds the cab door open for John.
"The things you find to entertain yourself." Sherlock turns towards him, a bit, but doesn't lift his head.
John stares at the ceiling. It's not even an interesting ceiling. He's known that for years. "But it felt like—there was—this list," he explains, "and I was—ticking things off. So—so it'd be, first my discharge, and then a—a proper job, and a girlfriend, and then. Marriage, and."
, it feels real, it feels
John takes a breath. "You've got more of a background in hand to hand than I do, and you're bigger than I am," he says, "but you can be. Inconsistent."
Fitting his mouth open around him—his hands, John is realizing; as helpless eyes squeezed tight shut open everywhere all over John sucks and then breathing the swollen-hard pebble of Sherlock's nipple scrapes the tips of John's teeth as Sherlock groans fucking—
"In a minute," John says. He washes their water glasses, too, then comes over to Sherlock still standing in the doorway, barefoot.
"We could start some sort of fund," Rhoda is suggesting. She doesn't smile or slur or flush like Denise, strawberry-faced and blotchy at her side, but John can still tell from Rhoda's lovely face, the warmth blossoming in her cheeks, her forehead glossing at its edges, that she's well on her way to an appropriate birthday amount to drink. "Endow some sort of island," Rhoda says, "where we could send all the tossers who feel the universe owes them something. Give all of them a prize just by going, get them out of our way."
"You," Sherlock says, and then hesitates. "If—you can touch me. If you want to"; and John's chest bursts open in a wet, agonized laugh. "Oh—hell, John," Sherlock mutters, squeezing him tighter, and then pulls back to press—
"Good?" Sherlock's mouth, pressed under his chin. Pulling back to watch John nod, toofast, trembling. John says, "All I want—is to, to fucking—
: jotted here and there in the margins in three different inks, a list he'd barely been able to look at, after, and hadn't ever properly needed to make. In the shop John had folded the page in half so that Yvonne could see the measurements and not much else, held his thumb across
"I'm so fucking sorry," John tells him, thick; and Sherlock shakes his head.
—as Sherlock pets, melting inside him—rubs at John's aching cock and sucks on his aching balls—tongues down hot-hard to his two curling
—Christ. Hot and impatient, doesn't want his fingers, does he. Grabs his dildo and slicks it up, hands trembling, and nudges it against himself. Breathes deep. Relax, John, just relax—but he can't.
"You stopped," Sherlock says, but.
"I didn't ever eat dinner last night, did I," John realizes.
, John is thinking, quietly astounded; rotten luck that he didn't lock
John nods. "Then—kneel up over me," he says, and Sherlock's eyes slip half shut, lips slick and parted, as John's hands slide up the backs of his legs; and Sherlock says, "John," very quietly, as he shifts his weight onto his knees.
Sherlock's hot cheeks. Long lashes: trembling, pale.
wanted from you, because I want everything from you, I want—I want things from you I haven't got words for, I want—every single fucking part of you you can give and rather a lot of things I sincerely hope you wouldn't, so if I've ever made you feel like there was a micrometer of me I wasn't gagging to give up to you, it was a lie and I regret it"; before he takes a breath, and then adds, very low, "For—that part of it, at least."
"Be able to," Sherlock says, "I mean."
Gentle. The barest touch. "Tender?" Sherlock asks, quiet. All day. All day John'd been—he hadn't thought, he'd just—all day he'd felt—hollow and Sherlock drops his hand. Skating his fingers along John's skin: "Lube," Sherlock says, more decisively; then counters everything he's been working on by putting both arms around John's waist and pulling him back down flush and tight against him: firm enough Sherlock's own breath catches and gentle enough that it'd seem cruel to not go. John goes. Wants to go. Wanted to go even before Sherlock touches his warm mouth to John's mouth, and then John parts his lips with Sherlock parting his lips and touching, light, the tip of his tongue to John's tongue. John shivers. It's not cold. The air through the window is still July-warm if fading, and against him Sherlock is sun-hot.
"Sleep more, then," Sherlock suggests. "Early, still."
"Do you have a—a t-shirt, or." He sighs. "A jumper, anything," and up-down up-down Sherlock swallows, and then pulls away and pads back into his bedroom, comes back with his dressing gown wrapped twice as tightly around himself, holding a grey t-shirt that still smells faintly like his body and fits strangely across John's arms and chest.
A thump. Sherlock is standing on the tipped-up edge of the sofa, wriggling his arms out of the jumper. Pulling it off over his electric-shock hair. He drops the jumper on the sofa cushions. Meets John's eyes. Raises an eyebrow.
"I'm wearing my shoes," Sherlock says, but then promptly pries them off with his toes, letting them thump onto the floor and probably scuffing them up, but instead of whinging on about it like usual he just slides over and buries his face down into the collar of John's dressing gown. Breathes in.
Sherlock takes a long slow, breath. His body melting-sinking down against John's body he lets it out, damp and real and present, on the ache in John's throat.
Dark eyes, hugely dilated. His long pale fingers on John's red skin; his flushed face. "Me too," John says, thick. He touches Sherlock's belly. The soft ticklish crest of his ribs, which jump. Sherlock shifts underneath him: drawing his knee up; his free hand nudging John's hip as John slowly settles back, lets Sherlock slide his cock against the crack of his arse, inhaling. John shifts: careful, careful. Slow. Slow.
John nods. "With me?" he asks, soft; and Sherlock just pressed light against him goes perfectly, unbreathingly still.
, I want—" and he stops.
John jerks his hand off his cock, breathes in deep. Heart beating hard against the underside of his ribs. It'd be easy. Could just get on his knees and wait, and probably—probably just. Just open his mouth, when. John never knows what Sherlock is thinking but he doesn't think Sherlock'd pass
"Yes," Sherlock says, and then, "Please I want I want you I want you to—
"All right," says Sherlock, very quietly, anyway.
"What do you want?" Sherlock asks, low and rough; and Christ, where to
John shifts. "Well," he says. "Needs must, to blend in."
Above him, barely audible, Sherlock whispers, "I know"; and lets John ease his left foot up onto his knee.
John swallows. Stares up at the ceiling. His door is wide open: it'd be humiliating, wouldn't it, to be found like this: naked with his knees spread and a blue silicone cock in his fist that he can't get in. Like some raw first-timer with his lip between his teeth: he's not been that kid in bleeding
Then Mycroft's latest icily gorgeous assistant turns up to tase three of the gunmen and supervise while Greg arrests the lot, and John goes home and has a bath.
"If you'd just hand me the other," he says. His long fingers are resting, light, on John's inner thigh, just at the seam between stocking and skin.
Sherlock isn't watching him. The long creamy expanse of his body which he has been thinking of with John's body, over and over, for years. John touches him: fingers. Slipping—underneath.
"Yeah?" John asks, tugging Sherlock's arse up into the air, and Sherlock overbalances, catches himself on his palms, braced on either side above John's head. His eyes flick down to John's mouth, up again. John tilts his head, looking up across their dizzying-distorted living room floor. He reaches toward the tilted mass of his chair— "Hey," he asks, "can you get that pillow for me?" and Sherlock arches up over him—John's steadying hands on his hips—to grab the pillow so that John can tuck it under his neck.
Sherlock is panting. Eyes wide. Ridiculous, with his cock out, flushed and wet, below the long fair sliver of him bared from groin to throat.
"I like this," Sherlock says, quiet. Spreading out his hand: palm flat. John swallows, looking down at him, feeling—unsteady. Unsure.
," John says, "I was so—": stopping. Thick. He manages, "I was lonelier than I'd ever—": but then he has to stop, again.
"A man in his twenties," George says, "and a boy of—what, sixteen, was he? Seventeen?"
"Case?" John asks, halfway through his second slice of toast.
"Um." Sherlock laughs again. "Harder," he says, finally; and John takes a pinch of skin between his teeth and gives it a little tug. "Seven," Sherlock says, voice dropping low low low: Chris; so John sucks. Bites him, tongues—and sucking works hot tender skin red and puffy with Sherlock— "
They are kissing. Soft, John thinks. Soft, and—
He stops. Clears his throat, then laughs.
"Do you touch your chest, then," John says, "when you're having a wank?"
John swallows. Nods. "You are," he says; and Sherlock sighs. Rubbing their cheeks together: that faint shivery rasp of different stubbles between their bare skins.
The hair on John's arms prickles up. He shuts the door.
. No one was writing about that. And on some morning in that long stretch of surreal candy-glossed days back when John'd been making his half-hearted excuses to Cal and Jeremy for being late or leaving early and letting Greg quietly pretend that John was just getting back into the habit of carrying his gun, the boy in the café at the corner'd tilted his head and asked,
"All right," John says. "All right."
"Well?" John asks, perching on the side of the bed. He clears his throat. "I've can offer you—uh, blue checked, and—" but Sherlock is already taking it and the navy solid, not meeting John's eyes. John feels—he doesn't know what he feels. John had had one tie when first he'd moved in. He's not an idiot, he's always known that Sherlock had—but at the time he'd still been working with Sarah Sawyer, at a different sort of surgery, an entirely different kind of ground; and it'd been—convenient, hadn't it, when the others had just—turned up.
"I know, I know." John sighs. "I know it wouldn't be—but I obviously can't talk to anyone from the surgery, or even any doctor I know personally, because they all know Sherlock, too, and I wouldn't—I can't, you know, bring him up with Harry, God forbid. But I—I'm not a psychologist, and I'm. In over my head, I think, a bit."
Sherlock is breathing against him, steady. Slow.
appropriately shouty, you understand—and Hélène wept for days, but Anne,
"You were dreadful at sport," John translates.
Chin set, mouth flat, kneeling up on John's filthy duvet and flushed pink all over in ill-fitting knickers and a black lace bra with his stockings tied on, badly, with a pair of neckties he'd bought John half a decade ago, without saying anything, because he likes how John looks in blue: Sherlock
"By all means," Sherlock says. "As the former eighth-placer in wins on our eight man squad, I would be offended if we didn't."
Sherlock is breathing hard. Noisy. "Try it—again," he says, unsteadily, "too far forward, it—"
"I don't know," John says, finally, and sighs. "Look, I can't—you don't have to answer me, all right? But I think I have to be able to ask, if—if we're actually going to find a space where we're not. Beating each other black and blue, all the time."
"Mm." They kiss, off-center; and kiss. John licks— "You could": raw. "I mean. Tie—"
" John's ribs hurt, he's breathing so hard: Sherlock is touching him: easy, gentle; a sudden red-hot spear down through his mind: he would've, he would've let him roll him over face hot face down in the long grass at the top of the field with his arse still smarting while beside him with his tie in his pocket he would've bent up—careful, curious—and, and then he would've—would've tugged John's uniform trousers down and, and then
"Thanks," he says, and half trips over his chair trying to get out into reception, where Rhoda has set her handbag on the front desk and is slipping into a rusty orange cardigan, warm and lush against her dark skin. She looks at him—laughing at him, looking over his shoulder to laugh with Natalie at him; Natalie is a pretty child but Rhoda is
"Hmm." John licks over his lip. "An intriguing idea."
"I could keep going, if you like," John says. Drags his right hand down, his knuckles separating the suds. At the base of Sherlock's ribs John can feel him swallow, say nothing. Level with the loofah John stops and rests, the backs of his fingers pressed to the back of Sherlock's right hip.
"Or would you rather I hadn't any hands free?" Sherlock asks; and John shakes his hot red face, hard, "No," gasping, "no, I can—I can do it," and then gets his hand around himself purple-edged—writhing with his—face pressed—down; and Sherlock says, "Head up, John," sharp, and so John shoves up his face. Breathes.
"That's a shame," Nat says, taking all her pens out of their cup and then clattering the lot back in, "we'll miss you both tomorrow. I mean—assuming we don't have to cancel," and then sighs. She opens her top drawer, and then closes it again; then the second; then the third. Then she tilts down the rim of the bin by her chair, poking around a few forlorn balls of discarded sticky notes and scratch paper—but there, a patch of pink on the floor. John bends.
John closes his eyes.
with you, if that's—if that's something I can mean, but I can't do this anymore, I thought I could but I—I need
Sherlock breathes. Breathes. His red face still hidden under his hands.
"I'd like to nominate Madeleine McKay," Natalie mutters, and Tariq leans over to nudge her, grinning.
with his hands on Sherlock's pale arched back vanishing millimeter by millimeter as John dressed him—buttoned him up—drew his hands
"Hey," John says. "I missed you too, are you calling me stupid?"
, how self-centered he can be.
John curls his fingers up. Touch light. Sherlock is breathing hard. A long run. John leans in. Kisses his cheek.
you let me up, though?" John says. "I'll come back up to play after."
With his wet—big slick clever—
"Shh, don't," Sherlock murmurs, "it's all right." He turns to kiss John's propped-up calf and John shudders: "Relax," Sherlock is whispering, "we've got ages": and something unravels and snaps in John's chest.
In response, Sherlock is conspicuously silent.
John swallows. He feels like a coward. Sherlock's ribs pressed to his ribs:
"I don't want you to do it because—just because I want you to," John says, tongue thick and heavy; and Sherlock swallows, noisy, this close. Inside John everywhere whispered chorusing:
Breathes.
While Sherlock washes, John rolls down the top of the bag and tears each of the pastries carefully in two. He isn't at all hungry. Sherlock comes back with his safety goggles pushed up into his hair and his dressing gown off, in pajama bottoms and a t-shirt with his arms pale and goosebumping; and John holds up a bit of the pain au chocolat, eyebrows raised.
"Well, I try whenever possible to leave things involving fire to you," John says, "you do enjoy them so"; and Sherlock's mouth quirks: pleased, John sidles closer. "Come on," John murmurs, sliding his hand up across Sherlock's hip to his spine, "let me help"; and his throat surges hot with triumph when Sherlock leans down across his own arm to kiss him, fingers still loose around the lemon, half-dangling into the sink.
His face turning a clear, lovely pink.
"Yeah, might've been," John says, face aching, trying to smile back.
, that if this is to be a tutorial session—"
John lifts his head. So close. The last of the light is fading outside their open windows, leaving just the white-blue of the light above the table, suddenly sickly, growing too bright.  John's mouth a desert in drought, and his heart pounding in his fingertips, and John pushes white cotton off Sherlock's pinked-up shoulder, and presses his palm flat to Sherlock's heart. Sherlock's ribs rise-fall, rise-fall, bright flushed splotches on his cheeks and the reddening trail of John's jaw down his flushed fair throat, and John presses Sherlock back, hips square to the work surface, his elbows bumping into the draining board and the last of their largely-forgotten pans. John's mouth burning, bee stings, before he ever rubs his thumb in a slow deliberate circle across Sherlock's peaked-tight right nipple, then bends down to follow it with his mouth.
. John inhales, stretching against him. Hot. John licks his lips. Drawing his knee up—John reaches back, pulling Sherlock tight against his arse. Stretching: Sherlock sighs, touches his mouth.
"No," Sherlock says. "
"They get out, you know," Sherlock murmurs, under his hands. "Grow in among the hedgerows"; and John shifts.
—for a kiss.
; which is touching of her, but also overly self-critical: if Sherlock wanted out of Baker Street without anyone noticing, neither John nor Mrs. Hudson would be the one to catch him at it.
"Yeah?" A kiss. Another, while Sherlock nods.
After a moment, Sherlock nods. "Yeah."
"Then I could touch you whenever I wanted to," Sherlock suggests: John nods, mouth empty, too hard. "Lay you out," Sherlock murmurs, "over my knees"; and John sucks in a hard shaky breath and kisses him, over and over and over: "Save the other," Sherlock adds (and a kiss, and a kiss), "for my toys."
what you want—"
"John." Sherlock reaches over him and turns off the taps. Takes the dish brush out of his hand.
John swallows. Breathes. Swallows.
John nods. "Two for coarse language," he says, which seems—plausible, he supposes; and then—he can't entirely be certain why, but—but then he says, "two for smoking," in a tone of voice that surely Holmes won't like, "behind the bike sheds"; and then shivers all over as the cane leaves his skin.
John rocks back down to his heels. Petting down over Sherlock's ribs: "When'd you grab this, anyway?" John asks. "I didn't even notice one'd gone missing."
He can't see anymore so he listens. He listens to Sherlock's feet on the landing. To the water grumbling in their pipes. Sherlock's always at him about it, his wet-cat expression whenever he shouts,
come first."
"It'd be awfully hypocritical for me to get angry over the cheating," Sherlock says, quiet, and then swallows. "Since—since if I'd had a
. Under his shirt the skin on John's back prickling up, prickling up. "I meant," Sherlock mumbles. "For." He swallows, twice.
Sherlock shakes his head. Red.
John's heart thuds. Thuds. He lifts himself away enough that Sherlock, lying spread out beneath him, blushing like a peach, can peel the bra up off his lovely little breasts, his whole body limned in sunlight, and then lie back down again dragging John's head back to him where he is swollen-lopsided, flush with blood, red from the work of John's hungry, wanting mouth. Sherlock, bared to his belly, arches hot against him: pulling wanton at John's head just hard enough that John has to work against Sherlock's taut dragging overeager hands to get his face where he wants it, and nuzzle at Sherlock's other beautiful bared breast.
—"; and then shoves his face burning hot against John's sweaty shoulder skin.
Sherlock kisses his temple, his cheek. Pulls him up by the hair and then while John wriggles and squirms Sherlock presses his mouth to his mouth, over and over, soft and tender and wet.
"But I'm upstairs," John says, quiet, and Sherlock nods, flushing—impossibly—redder. "So I can't..." He curls a finger around the chain.
"Really." John finds the idea oddly charming. "Late bloomers, in the Holmes family?"
"No, I just didn't want to play it with you on a train," Sherlock says, and then presses his mouth to John's forehead, quick. John closes his eyes. Nestling down into Sherlock's cradling elbow, his arm tucked under Sherlock's ribs where it will inevitably, later, fall asleep.
, and. John rubs his foot up the scraping hair-rough hard span of his calf and Sherlock kisses him again and John opens, opens, opens, oh, he wants. All of him can he have just. All, and Sherlock's long warmstrong fingers curling on his back as pressed together thighs and faces hardhot together pressed as they—kiss, and—
—rubbing his palm over knee-thigh-hip to touch his sternum through worn cotton—brush a hard-peaked nipple—his
, he wants—
John asks, "Is that... not okay?"
"Generally," Sherlock murmurs: felt, more than heard. "The commentary I get from most people is more along the stork-in-fancy-dress lines"; "Yeah, well most people are sodding morons," John says, face hot, feeling fierce; while Sherlock is giving him a lovely lopsided little smile as they kiss, slow and sweet. Sherlock shifts, against him beneath him, rolling over just enough to pull John on top. Stretching, he takes a breath, his ribs lifting against every gram of John's desperate, grateful weight: they kiss.
"But from what you've said, I don't think it's about him not having orgasms, is it," George says; and John closes his eyes. His hands—. With some effort he flattens them, stilled, on his knees.
. "Fuck." John swallows. "Harder, I'm not some fucking—
"You're always a tit," John says, very gently, "hasn't put me off yet"; and low and tired, Sherlock laughs. John leans up to kiss his cheek. "Go on," he says, "brush your teeth, we can worry about everything else after," and then drops his hand down, brushing over arse and thigh and side to let Sherlock and his overnight bag stand free, swaying slightly; then sidle into John's bathroom, and close the door.
, beside a thumbnail—John squints—skin, white sheets—
: John's vaporized blood and the whitehot press of his body drawn uphardtight and then held,
"Of course," Greg says; and John nods, hidden and secret: Christ with all the windows closed he can't even breathe. "Though—they're still on site at the British Museum," Greg is saying: but—but the windows are open. "Hawe's lead there, but we're winding things up here. Counter-terrorism's doing a last pass over the scene with the dogs, but I doubt he'll turn up here again, if the Eye is reopening." All that—
"No," John murmurs.
"Bin it," John says, not looking up from the bills.
And John stops, helpless. He shakes his head. His throat closing up.
," John says, half laughing, rubbing with the edge of his flannel. He's got most of it off, but the hairs are for some reason persisting.
"Um." Sherlock twists away, then back, and then waves a hand at the fridge. "Olives. A handful, ish. Chopped."
"I used to fantasize about bodily flinging you into the shower," he adds, unsteady, "and hosing you clean," and then rests his face against the back of Sherlock's long lovely neck, and breathes him in.
John inhales, deep. "I want you to be with me," he says. Steady. Low. The waitress is miles away. "I like it, I like—
"More?" Sherlock asks. John's arms are shaking. Thighs. "Yeah," John says, unsteady; and Sherlock nods pressing his long wet fingers all the way deep into him rub-petting-rub: "Can, can you." John swallows. "Can you—put your cock—"; and "Christ," says Sherlock, thick and hungry, then "come here," as though John is not there, as though—kneeling up over him while Sherlock slicks himself thick squelching-wet to lift his hips as pushing-settling John eases himself slow-slidethick sinking to Sherlock guiding pant-panting pressed
From nowhere Sherlock says, "Was he. All right, to you?" and in an instant John's face floods: up to his forehead, through his sinuses, across his eyes, wet over hot over wet: Christ.
John licks across his bottom lip. "You met Jacob," he says, very slowly, "and things. changed"; and inhaling, Sherlock—
"Mm." John scrubs his palm over his face. "No. But. I."
"Yeah," John croaks.
"I—yeah." John is—is full of him with his pressed to his body touching all over, Sherlock's cock nestled hard and wet under lace in the harbor of John's hip: it is—sweet. Another: John takes a breath. His hot lesbian girlfriend, yes; John had managed that, hadn't he. "I—enjoyed that," he says; and Sherlock makes an inquisitive little noise, pulling at him; and wanting him closer John drags at his own knee.
. "Is this what they called a thrashing," he asks, "up at your public school?"
John stops, swallows. Sherlock was kissing his jaw: had hesitated, half surprised, John thinks; but John doesn't want him to be.
"No," Sherlock says, then sighs again. "Not. Exactly."
?" and "Four," John says, then concedes, "well, three and a half," while he is sliding his knee up onto the chair as hands slid up under his dressing gown Sherlock tugs him up more solidly, kisses the corner of his mouth, the underside of his jaw, murmuring, "And you fancy yourself a medical man." When he turns his head down towards John's collarbone, his spectacles poke John in the neck; and then Sherlock turns his face up again.
. "H'lo," John says quietly. Sherlock licks over his bottom lip, red seeping across his cheeks and the bridge of his nose. John is wanting—half-ashamed, nearly, but. He leans up, very carefully. He is watching a half-dozen expressions flit in sequence across Sherlock's flushed face before, at last, he bends, spine curving, to give John a soft, uncertain kiss. God. John wraps his arm around Sherlock's warm waist:
John lifts his face: Sherlock's hands. He swallows, and presses a kiss to the bare flat stretch of Sherlock's skin above lace.
John swallows. "I wasn't ready," he says, finally. "Not until—"
"All right, Vidocq," John says. "You caught him, I presume."
John doesn't sleep again, precisely. Doesn't not. Nestled in blankets warm good-smelling curled up 'round the space where Sherlock sleeps. Skin, remembering. His alarm goes off at seven and he gets up, showers, shaves. Eats his toast thinking about kissing. He keeps reflecting, half-absently, that it probably ought to feel strange.
"I knew what you meant." Sherlock pulls out another little piece of black leather, this one apparently more to his satisfaction. He drops it on the mattress next to the box. "But no, it's not new. I used to keep it under my bed."
John  sighs, and sets his sandwich back in his lap. "Hit or miss," he admits, and then clears his throat.
"You know," John tells him, "if you're going to snipe at me, at least the cracks about my sex life had the charm of novelty."
Flat on his back on the carpet with the wind knocked out of him and Sherlock,
John takes a breath: Sherlock is slipping his fingers in past John's jeans and his boxers, all undone. Sherlock molds his hand over John's soft penis and helpless John's mouth opens around a panting closing-up breath: and Sherlock—brushes—his
—him: unknown, impossible. Unfair. John breathes. Breathes out. Breathes in, then exhaling steady says, "Just—please don't do it because you think you owe me"; but his voice wobbles anyway, and cracks at the end.
"Yeah," John says, then tilts his. "Is yours?"
John pets.
"Fishing for compliments?" Sherlock asks. Pink at his cheeks.
(His pink mouth [parted].)
, you listen; and no one in
"Well, you just said that Sherlock is," George says, and John hunches up under his jacket, and then reaches for his tea.
"Thanks," he says, finally, into his mobile; and at the other end of the line Mycroft takes another slow audible breath as John inhales and then lets it out as John exhales and then Mycroft says, "It's not any of my business, is it"; and John stares up at the car's low smooth tan ceiling, and doesn't reply.
He is, he finds, already leaning up for a kiss. Sherlock's mouth parting, rough-edged, sleep-sour: awful, really. John wants another, so he does it again. Sherlock sighs into him: John's unfolding lungs. He wraps his arms around him tight his shoulders tight his bending-bough back and his thighs and their knees. "How long," John asks. All breath. Still caught, on Sherlock's tongue.
"Better?" Sherlock asks, quietly; and John swallows.
Nodding. John swallows. Pets his right hand up—Sherlock, "
"Simon says," Sherlock whispers, "stay with me": and then presses his hot face down next to John's ear and jaw and neck.
. Inside. John swallows, hard. A drum-strike; a concussion: dark head bowed pale lashes trembling, and John wants—but. But. Sherlock is easing the stocking from his long fingers, the band settling onto John's thigh, and John's knee shifts. Opening, out. The band has some sort of gummy grip on the inside: it pinches at his skin. Pulls at the hair. Sherlock plucks at a suspender; hesitates, briefly; then slowly slides the button up and out and then pulls the stocking up to meet it, sliding the button back in down-closed-tight; and then he looks up at John's face.
"Most likely not," Sherlock agrees. "But I'll bet you a tenner they find the Renoir."
"One," John says, thick; and Holmes lifts the cane.
"I thought I'd made that fairly clear," Sherlock says, sounding irritated, and so John leans back down on his duvet, pulling on Sherlock's shirt. Sherlock lets him, wriggling down onto his belly in his black shirt and expensive trousers, hangs his feet off the edge of the bed.
"Then," Sherlock says, "stay here," unsteady.
and so looking up-up-up with Sherlock blue and amber thick on his tongue nudging back round-fitted to the back of his throat as above him Sherlock croaks, "
"I'll buy you another."
"All right, all right." John folds up his charts and elbows his mobile in to his top desk drawer,
A breath: they kiss.
"You," Sherlock says, and then stops. Swallows, twice: a pang at the base of John's throat.
"Make you get down on your hands and knees," Sherlock murmurs, hand sliding—
. He says, "I need a shower": watching, unsurprised, as Sherlock nods, his shoulders slackening with relief.
"Repeat offense, you understand," Holmes says; John nods. "And my activities at school are quite beside the point," Holmes adds, "don't you think?"
," John gasps; and Sherlock face up wide-eyed "Lonely?" echoed but helpless John wraps his arms around Sherlock's shoulders heart pounding desperate swallowing a thick anxious-immovable knot and—and kissing him, helpless, kissing mouth cheek mouth temple temple mouth chin jaw mouth and wanting—wanting Sherlock—wanting Sherlock to never feel— "Is it," can't, wet and stinging, gasping, "is it like that, is it like that all the time," unswallowed, with Sherlock's hot face in his hands and John wants, John can't, hot-overflowing: "You let me—" voice cracked, wet face: "all the time, why would you let me—"
"I want you," says Sherlock, thick and heavy; and John laughs, a little manic: "Christ, haven't you
— "Sh—
Sherlock swallows, once. John waits: one, two, three, four; but it doesn't come. "Yeah," Sherlock says, instead.
"I know," John says, and then sighs. "Come here."
"What do you think?" Sherlock asks, too close; John jumps, a little. He didn't hear him come in. He's on the seventeenth letter—note, really; they're by and large creative, but not long. Sherlock's hair is a mess: flat on the left but sticking straight up everywhere else, like he'd not done anything to it after he escaped from John's bed; and he's got a pair of cheap sunglasses stuck into it: lopsided and smudged, obviously completely forgotten. Only one of his sleeves is rolled up. He's cradling a sweating Starbucks cup, size ginormo, close against his chest, and he sets a more reasonably-sized one down for John: "Iced latte, no sugar," he says. "Decaf. I wasn't sure if—" and then he stops, his throat and jaw and cheeks reddening in turn, not meeting John's eyes.
"It shouldn't bother me
It's still light out. Early, really. The peculiarities of summer in London: the sullen low-skied pale days that can last for untold weeks.
"And you don't want to have sex?"
," and John rolls his eyes.
Sherlock's back is not in fact perfectly smooth but downed with the same fine abundant fuzz that dusts his shoulders and his upper arms. "But?"
"Lie down?" John asks, and when Sherlock nods John takes his hand and leads him back into Sherlock's bedroom, over to his neatly made, hospital-cornered bed: Sherlock doesn't even untie his laces, just pries his shoes off with his toes and drops the spectacles on the floor and then lies down on top of the duvet with his eyes closed, looking pale and exhausted. His suit jacket's still on, even with his shirt unbuttoned. John climbs up next to him. Unfastens the tie on his dressing gown because Sherlock is worming his way under it, fastening his arm around John's middle, pressing his face to John's shoulder, nudging his knee just in between John's knees.
It makes John's throat ache. "I kept." He clears it. Laughs, a little. "I kept thinking about all the things I would've done with you," he explains. "If we'd been at school together."
: as though he had seen, in the way John'd jerked away from Cal outside the restaurant, a great deal more than John's long-standing and instinctive dislike of having strangers think much of anything about him at all. Brian, clearly, had had no such compunctions: the table rapidly learned that—having recently moved from teaching nephrology full-time at the Royal London to two mornings a week at a local surgery supplemented by occasional locum work, so as to be better available for his elder child, who was starting to travel as part of some sort of dreadful high-pressure husbandry program for the extremely young and musically gifted—Brian had recently successfully lost, then regained, then lost again just under a stone; that his younger child—still at primary school—was already starting Latin and seemed well-suited for science or medicine, though they hadn't yet been able to firmly decide; that Michael'd recently been taken on as a partner at Farrer & Co with an attendant pay rise that was, clearly, luxurious, but which everyone was far too polite to discuss. John had also by this point deduced that Cal and Brian had last met five years ago at some kind of upscale self-congratulatory Oxford Medical piss-up and shag-along on a yacht, at a time when Cal'd recently been dumped by a twenty-eight-year-old Swedish massage therapist; Brian, meanwhile, had for this excursion apparently stranded the forgotten Dave home alone with their children—the younger very newly adopted and not yet out of nappies—for an anticipated four days which had extended somehow in fact to six, which in and of itself seemed to John—both then and now—sufficient grounds for divorce. Back at Jackson & Rye in October the conversation had—much like a ham—just gone on and on forever: they'd finished their entrees, finally, but then purgatorially ordered dessert; John had polished off the wine; the kids had turned out to be, now, six and nine: astonishing! They'd aged five years! And all throughout, every disclosure Brian dragged out of John had felt like surrendered ammunition:
fifteen and angling after something too high and untouchable but a week ago in his bed Sherlock had been close and warm when he'd said,
"It's just because I want to be with you," John explains, clumsy. His face feeling heavy and clayish and hot. He laughs, rubs at his cheek. "Which sounds absurd, doesn't it? When I put it like that?"
"I am," Sherlock says, voice airy. "You?" He takes a sip.
Perched at the edge of the coffee table, Sherlock bows his dark head. John watches him, throat tight: his hair, lovely wrists; his crumpled shirtfront and collar. John finds that he is idly thinking, inappropriately, about rubbing his mouth across every inch of his body.
Sherlock's black hole eyes. No light.
He locks his teeth tight shut.
He's looking down, still. Away. "Most things," John says, finally. He doesn't know how else to answer.
When he pulls back his hand trails over Sherlock's back, his arse. He's only human. "How much?" he asks, turning back towards the spill of the bag.
"Well," John says. He licks his lips. Slowly, John says, "Better luck next time, I suppose."
"I, er—I asked him to come to Rhoda's birthday dinner with me," he says, finally. "I mean—that was last week, that can't possibly be the most recent, but I—I can't think of anything specific since then."
John nods. Petting his back. His hips. His ribs. Nodding, but thinking—
. John can't—words gone he puts his hands on Sherlock's lovely warm face and kisses him, left bare without answer, and Sherlock lets him once—twice—then pulls back to say, "I—I left, I—" and John shakes his head shakes his head kissing him "I left and" all over while "I hurt you," Sherlock says, "because you don't—,"
John nods. "Both hands?" he says.
: torn, carved out of the center of him: a bone-deep agonized animal noise that John heard himself make exactly once, on his knees on bare floorboards, on the ninth of June, 2014.
John can hear him, exhaling. His hands on John's hips. Sliding up John's sides—and then nothing,
, John would've said.
John nods. Swallows, slick-heavy, then asks, "Because you feel bad about hurting my feelings or because you think I'm going to leave?"
"I've achieved equilibrium," Sherlock replies airily. "It's not as though I've not had time."
It's all perfectly true. Mrs. Hudson, however, gives him a skeptical sort of a look, but then goes back to discussing the personal safety workshop that Mrs. Goodridge keeps inviting her to, "as though I need to sit about while some idiot in jogging bottoms from a fitness school tells me I ought to check who's at the door before I open it or that I should go for eyes or knees or bollocks when I have to hit back."
The bread is gluey and flavorless. He has to push his incisors through it, cloying and sticky, so that his molars can grind up the stringy, too-salty meat. When he swallows, he can feel it oozing, clotted, down through the entire length of his throat.
"Sherlock," John says.
He swallows, instead. "Menace," he says, finally; Sherlock lifts his head. John touches his cheek. "What'm I at, anyway? Five for the day?"
, he'd almost meant to say,
"That isn't the point," says Sherlock; and John inhales.
, even though it hasn't mattered and it hasn't mattered and it hasn't mattered, over and over and over again, until—John pets Sherlock's hair, furious with every bastard who ever screwed around with Sherlock up to and including most of all himself: feeling battered; thinking,
—" and so John presses his mouth down open and sucks, and sucks, while above him Sherlock gasps, "Eight, eight—keep, keep going," writhing under his hands and mouth while John makes a twin to the hot-purpling mark on his throat thinking
Sherlock's nose. His soft-shaved warm mouth opening on his mouth as he breathes: "Yeah?"
, she'd used to say, and then laugh, her bare breasts jiggling gloriously, when John punched her on her bare shoulder, not hard, the both of them still gleaming with sweat and out of breath)—and certainly he doesn't know what to say to them now, not with Sherlock waking him up because his mobile's dead or hovering around him while he does the washing up; not with Sherlock sitting over tea with Mrs. Hudson and saying,
, with his knuckles—digging into Sherlock's—
, I, I need to," while Sherlock nods and nods, long throat, head thrown back with John's thigh between his thighs shoving his prick against Sherlock's creamy-soft skin hard cock coarse curling hair John's mouth to his mouth and splayed John's skin melting-overclocked-overflowing into his long—fucking—
let me touch you"; and John didn't think anything'd show on his face, but evidently he was wrong. Sherlock hesitates, watching him. Stilled.
John leaves his arms around Sherlock's middle when Sherlock pulls back, straightens. John is looking up.  Sherlock up close looks like no one else but himself all together. Flat John's restless hands resting, just at the base of Sherlock's back.
"Stop," Sherlock gasps, so John pulls off:
"I know," John says. "I've met her."
awful was that you tricked me. Again." Sherlock's gaze slithers away, and John swallows. "And then you—you shut me out, and you didn't reply to me.
. John breathes in. "I smell like hours of savage fucking," he says, and Sherlock snorts. Starts laughing, little warm-uncurling puffs on John's temple. His cheek. Lips curling up Sherlock murmurs, "Well," secret, up close.
"Yeah," Sherlock says. "Please."
"But, you said," Sherlock insists.
"Yeah." John brushes his mouth down against Sherlock's cheek. "Please," he says. Quiet. Breathes, "I want you to."
Sherlock tilts his head, shoulder lifting.
"Should—leave these on, then, maybe," John says, tucking two fingers in to tug at the flat-hemmed leg of Sherlock's little tight trunks.
It's well done. If Sherlock's voice weren't a hair too slow, John'd barely notice. His eyes hungry on John's face.
"It's better," John says, inadequately, "now."
"You mean since you last." John waves a hand. "With someone else, or—"
"Overwhelmed," he says. Voice rough.
He leans in and brushes a kiss to her cheek, but leaves it to Rhoda to pull her into a big, motherish hug.
"Tell me," Sherlock says. "Tell me that you know that you shouldn't." He squeezes—
"F-f—" Sherlock stops. Swallows, hard, twice: Christ, how he looks. "I want, can you just," Sherlock gasps, "not—not deep"; and John nods and nods pushing back and Sherlock groans. Head thrown back while John moves, fucking his arsehole shallow-slow-open on Sherlock's cock with pinprick-popping sparks inside him all over under his skin, buckled up a size too tight. "All right?" John gasps; Sherlock moans, squeezing John's arse in both hands so hard it'll probably leave marks. John feels like he's going to explode. He could grind himself down, get it in him. Sherlock's hands slide on his hips, clutching at him convulsively, eyes half-closed mouth open; John moves. Slow; moves. He could move. He could push himself all the way back and stuff himself full and ride Sherlock's cock to another blinding battering orgasm while Sherlock squirmed underneath him splotching up but—but then—then he wouldn't—Sherlock is so red. "I want." John swallows, touches Sherlock's throat. "I'd better—" and he stops and he says, "You'd better—stop, if, I want—I want you to touch me," because he doesn't know how to ask except he does and, "I want," John says, "your hand inside me": and oh how he wants; "your tongue," he says, breathless; and touches Sherlock's mouth and Sherlock licks between the sides of his lube-sticky fingers and curls his tongue around the tips and sucks at John's thumb still fucking up into him in little hot slow shallow-stuttering thrusts that pull him open—open—open, while John's three fingers slip hypnotically in and out of Sherlock's lovely pink mouth. Sherlock gives him one last little lick and then against his fingertips says, "Come up here," very low. His eyes are very dark.
Sherlock, petting soft up his back. Down his sides.
He pushes the door almost to the jamb behind him—not closed; he doesn't dare, not without a patient to see and Rhoda about: she'd notice that right quick.
"Sorry." John smiles: it feels strange. "Not yet. How much do I owe you for the sandwich?"
"No, no, I don't think—either of us, I": as Sherlock turns back to grab the mixing bowl set on the work surface to haul it over to the table, plunk it down with a rattle on the corner while John is still sliding into his chair. John's throat still feels weird and tight, and no part of his body feels like it's open enough for food, but the bowl still empties, somehow: onto Sherlock's plate with Sherlock's long hands trembling on the spoon and off of John's in bites he only tastes after: salt-sour-sweet and the herb-sharp tang of the parsley, clinging to the backs of his teeth. When he finishes the last of it, Sherlock is bowed forward with his hands on his face and his elbows on the table: John's gaze catches and lingers, on the bone of his right wrist.
John wraps his arms around his middle not thinking not thinking not thinking; not thinking,
Nothing more.
It's getting late. The sinking sun is turning everything apple-red and golden, a humid summery haze clinging to the ends of the day. He ought to—to go back to Tesco's for bread and eggs, to text Sherlock back, to go home and start his washing. Hoover. Wipe down, he thinks, warm-faced, the sofa.
. Better. Useful—a start, at least. Below that he leaves some space and then writes:
The air in the bathroom is heavy and thick: when John dries off it barely matters. He pads back into his bedroom with his towel 'round his hips, quiet as he can. Sherlock hasn't stirred. John puts on clean boxers: can't face much else. Yesterday's pair are crumpled at the base of the bed, alongside the duvet, just past Sherlock's bared bony ankles. His long feet. John fetches his pants for his laundry basket, careful and quiet. His back is already sticky, springing with sweat. Sherlock breathes, breathes. John rubs his palm on his scraping sandpaper chin and then ducks back into his bathroom for his razor and toothbrush, lights still off; heads downstairs, careful-careful uncreaking one hand on the banister, to shave under the harsh fluorescent in Sherlock's en suite, very carefully, with the grain. He brushes his teeth, too. Heads back out into their grey-lit undersea early-morning kitchen; drinks two lukewarm glasses of water standing up at their empty kitchen sink.
"Because I want to," Sherlock says, too fast. "Be braver," Sherlock says, "I mean."
"You absolute bastard," John tells him, feelingly; but he jabs at his French toast, doesn't he; and at the first clatter of his knife and fork on the plate Sherlock is rubbing back up against him, nose-tongue-parted lips and John—John cuts and chews and swallows cuts and chews grimly and then Sherlock
Sherlock doesn't say anything. After a moment the bed dips, and John closes his eyes.
, he writes; and then:
Ugh, sorry, guys, I was really unwell, and then I was really behind on, like, work and laundry and beta'ing and and family obligations and dog affection and basically everything in the entire world, so this took me three and a half weeks, which was about three weeks longer than I'd expected. ON THE PLUS SIDE IT'S REALLY LONG???
yeeeaaars, clearly delighted: all his heavy-round vowels drawn out in just the same way that Mycroft does when he wants to be sure that John remembers he'd gone to a comprehensive in Walthamstow, and Mycroft had gone to Eton. Their relationship hasn't, since, much improved.
Halfway across the room Sherlock's throat clicks, bobbing. After a moment, he says, "I'm always open, of course," voice steady, "to being proved wrong."
and then:
John hides his smile in his tea. His lightly tea-flavored milk-and-sugar concoction. He never takes it sweet, but it's warm, isn't it? Nice, perhaps. For a change.
"Ah," Rhoda says, taking her next chart from Natalie. "Must happen every now and again, I suppose, even to bastards like us"; and John laughs.
. Looks back up at the ceiling, breathing deep deep deep: brain buzzing with black hair and static as Sherlock pulls up, rubs over his last sloppy kiss, just under John's balls.
John wants to wrap the both of them up together. Enclose them: somewhere safe. Barely-moving waiting while Sherlock breathes—and breathes—
John rubs at his face. He's smiling, almost in spite of himself: Mycroft sounds pained; it's delightful. He can't be
Sun through the windows. They kiss. The air warming around them as they kiss. His hands up under his vest on Sherlock's sweat-sticky back: they kiss, over and over, they kiss.
The fish comes out—fine. Better than fine—good, really: perhaps not one of Sherlock's genuine triumphs, but unquestionably better than anything that John could make himself. John asks, "What'd Mycroft have you doing, anyway," between bites. "Proper case?" Sherlock's bony ankle presses against his ankle under the table, bare.
Shocked, John thinks, is thinking. As in, electric. As in, it was shocking, it shocked John, like a muscle-clenching jolt through his spine: John is inhaling. He inhales. Inhales: and then Sherlock slides scratching-soft on the sheets to put his arms around him. Pulls him—strange: close into his chest. But John doesn't—it isn't like this, they're generally not—like this, he's no reason to feel like this, he knows; but he does and he shouldn't but he
John goes.
"In deference," Sherlock agrees, "to the nontraditional weapon." He gets John's forearm again, the rim of his bowl, and then they have to pause the match briefly to drop their crumpled serviettes atop the splashed-over soup.
"I wouldn't come if I didn't think I'd get better results from you two looking into it," he says, and holds out a file folder. "This is what we've got so far. Bianca will send over anything further she happens to pick up, but the next shipment's due in Portsmouth tomorrow, and I suspect what's really called for is an observer presence on the point of delivery."
He clears his throat. "I'm just considering the likelihood of Chloe turning up before I have a chance to remove that hideous growth from your face," he says, light.
"Do you," John says, very low; and Sherlock's gaze slithers down to his mouth, his throat, his chest, and then away as he snaps John's laptop shut and pushes up to his feet. Stepping away, shoulders tensed, to grab his coat.
Sherlock is half-turned, still. Looking after the waitress, who is standing back by the till with a pink phone, texting shamelessly.
," John repeats, and Sherlock subsides.
Inhaling. Slow. "I wasn't there," says Sherlock. Muffled, a bit.
. Then he remembers Rebecca standing by his wardrobe in practical black cotton knickers and woolly blue socks, wrapping a plain grey-cotton thing around herself with the cups in the back, doing up all the hooks under her sternum, before she'd given the thing an unceremonious yank around her torso and jerked the straps up over her shoulders, bending forward for the cups to catch her soft pale dark-freckled heavy breasts. He slides the straps off his shoulders, and turns the bloody thing around. It is, at first, worse: he can watch his own incompetence like this, his utter failure at first to fasten the same row of hooks to the same row of eyes; and turning it back around he just about rips his arm out of the socket, twice; but at least he gets it on. Straightens up. He settles the straps into the dips of his shoulders, then unfolds, carefully, the caught folded-under lace at the top edge on the right.
"No," he says, "no, it's. Fine."
"You didn't—
, and then,
Wanting. Sherlock breathes. Against-into him. Kissing, breathes. Soft. Breathes: "Ten," thick in John's throat, "Sh—
, I spent—a year and a half, two nearly, being a perfectly normal boy—well, for some definitions of normal I suppose—with a perfectly normal if somewhat older boyfriend, whom I loved madly, who loved me, who was—
With Sherlock's hot heavy arm around his waist.
Startled, John shivers. All over. Heating up: Sherlock slipping his long clever fingers deep into John's wet used hot arse and—and—and swallowing, John jerks his knee up. Up.
"I know," John says, as gently as he can. "I want to."
, I want to but I—" and hot all over John says, "Kiss me," tongue thick; and Sherlock groans and kisses him: bone-deep drowned-dragging sodden kisses over and over while John wraps his arm hard-tight around him curled-coiling petting his soft-squirming peaked chest as they wind their sweat-wet bodies tight-together as Sherlock moans andslides his hand between them wrapping tightslide thickaround John's hand holding onto the two of them together sliding slick-hot skin to skin: gasping into his mouth already—already John is already—could not get—closer without—wetter and wetter Sherlock's cock against John's cock in John's hand in Sherlock's hand with Sherlock's—hand—in his h-hair while John gasps in his mouth rocking up and Sherlock gasps sliding down and John gasps, "Is it, I, tell me, do we need to"; and Sherlock gasps, "Don't—ten, don't stop, I want—John—
John breathes. Breathes. Strokes at Sherlock's hair with Sherlock's heat seeping in through his skin and then tugs, gently, until Sherlock looks up.
"Maple syrup," Sherlock corrects, and his eyes meet John's—green, electric—then flick down to John's mouth—which parts, dryhollow—and away, as Sherlock pushes up to his feet, clearing his throat, and turns. "Where's the lost-and-found?" he asks Greg.
"John," Mycroft repeats, low and heavy: a fixed.
He's still standing on the sofa. Looking down. Twisting and wriggling his hands, his tendon-lined wrists. His pale forearms, with the sleeves of his white shirt shoved carelessly up.
Normalcy, John thinks again, out of silence; and then opens his eyes.
Sherlock will be—fine. John—knows that, he does, he knows—probably just. Needed some air, and the air is soft and mobile, cooler today. Sherlock has gone to—to see a colleague of Mycroft's, probably: John doesn't know her, so that almost certainly was the truth. On his mobile John opens the email that Sherlock'd sent from John's account on John's laptop: Sherlock's bizarre overwide grin, his sharp collarbones and that ridiculous v-neck; in the email he'd even told Greg that they (
"Yes, as a matter of fact, I have," John says, and then realizes how ridiculous he sounds, so he says, "I've smoked
"I wasn't certain," he says, finally. "If you liked women, I mean."
"A one to seven scale?" John asks, then does it again.
him, a warm, rangy question-mark of a body, some scant five meters behind him: waiting for the water to boil, and the kettle to click off; shifting to pour it out when it does. John can. He can, he can
John presses his mouth to his mouth. His hot cheek.
"Can you," he says, and then can't, he
John nods. "I've been thinking that I ought to ask Rhoda for a couple days off," he says. His heart is beating strangely hard. "So I can go up to Edinburgh, see Harry, and not."
, I—it's not as though—"
. "You could make me get it," he suggests, weakly. It's absurd. He can't even lift his hands.
: John doesn't say,
Sherlock noses along his cheek. Under his jaw. Melting all over John lets out breath: slackening, his sides.
, still, wouldn't he: John knows that much. Christ. Late bloomers, weren't they all, these Holmes boys. Stupid sodding—so in 1993 he would've been—little, and skinny, with all that dark hair, and—God, beautiful, probably; probably pretty enough to get hell for it and not big enough to stop anyone responsible for giving it, and Christ, John knows, he
Dark fleur de lys. Their wall. A month. John's throat and mouth and nose and eyes are filling—up, are—threatening to—a month, a month ago. A month ago when Sherlock said,
Brian had echoed, with just enough interest to make John have to wonder, insides squirming, which if any particular emulsions of John's boxed-up bladed past life were fermenting in the back of Brian's mind; and
He sounds half-delirious. Euphoric. Throbbing John presses his mouth to his cheek.
John laughs. "Yeah?" It comes out thick. He clears his throat.
," John says, voice twisting in his throat, feeling weirdly desperate—
and then Sherlock'd bribed a cabbie to drive too fast while John rung up Greg, Donovan, Hopkins before getting an answer. Then when Sherlock'd finally,
— "In between cases you'd just lounge about in your pajamas and moan and not eat," John explains, "and you
John nods. His hand on Sherlock's sticky back and Sherlock's palm on his cheek and the whole of him monsoon-humid and hot. John pushes at the duvet: a rush of cool air with Sherlock's warm nose bumping against his, gentle.
Sherlock's eyes are still wide, liquid and dark, his mouth a little pink bud with his lips tucked together; and always, John is thinking, he has
so it doesn't much matter does it and blind he presses his skin to Sherlock's skin their chests and his throat and his face.
He says, "Not with you." Eyes meeting: yellow-blue.
"I didn't know," Sherlock repeats. "I've never—I
He asks, "Mind if I get it?" climbing off the bed, and Sherlock says, "Not at all."
"Yeah." John rubs at his eyebrow. "Where are you going with this?"
Sherlock watches him, unmoving. Not laughing. Nor delirious, nor euphoric: not any more.
"I ought to've got a second suspender belt," John says, but Sherlock looks away, mouth twisting, so John says, "Or," and then, gently, "Water": rubbing his thumb over Sherlock's hot cheek.
—"—and Sherlock tries, not very successfully, to keep the headboard from banging into the wall.
In the kitchen Sherlock's inquisitorial curve of shoulder and back is bent over two empty plates with a pot, and there's lager on the bottom shelf of the fridge so John opens the cupboard and gets out a bottle of wine. He'd bought it six months ago: it'd been a waste, really; more expensive than what he usually drinks, for the sake of a third date that never happened with a buxom redhead who'd worked in IT, and here it was languishing in their kitchen cupboards, for what, really? He's never going to drink it unless he just drinks it. He uncorks it; Sherlock glances over; John holds the bottle up, eyebrow raised, as a matter of form; but then Sherlock says, "Yeah, thanks," and turns away.
"Mm." John does it again, checking. "You brushed your teeth."
, John is thinking, wry,
"No, I've got it, I've
"I am concerned," Holmes says: John's skin empty—bare— "that—"
The water's gone cold. What's left of it. They've been rolling about in the bath for ages, steamy and sweating and both before and after John came all over the both of them: twisting he presses a kiss to the front of Sherlock's eloquent shoulder, half-hiding a smile.
It ought to be a question, perhaps, but it isn't. It isn't really a question, and Sherlock doesn't really need to say, "No," so quietly; but he does; and John folds their fingers together, rubbing his thumb along the soft-satiny back of Sherlock's long hand.
"I want to." John is watching his knees. The skin tightens, patella jumping, then relaxes, almost too fast to see. Again. Again. "You can hold onto me for balance," John says. Looks up. "If you want."
Sherlock hesitates. After a moment, he says, "At first."
" as Sherlock makes a low hot blossoming sound as he—grabs, and—pulls, and—tugs, peeling vest-and-shirt John bare waist to prickling shoulders all at once because John wants—John wants, John wants—instead pushing Sherlock—back, his back, back up against the, the sodding edge of the partition because—far away wanting to, to be upstairs with him to push him down into his sheets kneel between his long white thighs cradle his face and kiss him not stagger photo-flash blind through their shambolic living room, tripping over ottomans, but spread him out long-slow stretched slow-dripping honey-sweet to touch his—belly and his—breasts and—kiss him (
He shakes his head. "No, I'm not—I don't know, I don't know what I'm doing." He reaches for his glass.
Inhaling. Sharper: "I have caused harm to you," Sherlock says, in his crispest most certain courtrooms-and-Oxbridge-witnesses voice, "and I can't put it right." He looks John right in the eye, drum-steady, and says, "I think I've killed everyone else who's done that."
The lights have gone, haven't they. The police, at least. Amber only, now. Steady.
"Yeah," Sherlock says. "Yeah."
Writhing inside John pulls his mouth back: "Lube."
—while John sucks in a hot hard breath, tasting skin. He flattens his hand:
"With my mouth?" John asks, quiet; "
"Pack," John guesses, quiet; and Sherlock nods. "Because you're going away," John says; then snaps his teeth shut tight. Soft-sound sweet Sherlock kisses his shoulder. His throat. "To Amsterdam," John says, steadier. "To Amsterdam, I mean."
He swallows. Cupping his hand over Sherlock's hot cheek. "
"I think that Raj isn't clever enough to break into an entirely shut-down gallery," Sherlock says. "Not, precisely, his skill set."
"I want you to feel it," John confesses, unsteady. "I love you but I want to make you be able to
Sherlock swallows. "I wanted to," he says, "I
"Yeah," John says, quiet. "I like it, I like this."
"But—but you have to tell me," Sherlock says, too fast. "Tell me if—if you can't do it, I could—I could live with—with almost anything if—" as John pulls his body on top of Sherlock's body. Lowers his ribs to his ribs.
"Eaugh," Sherlock says, and rolls over onto his back.
"Do you feel unsafe with him?" George asks, finally, and John laughs.
, he is thinking,
here and there and won't repeat myself here because who cares, but the short version is that my personal life has been completely bonkers since the spring, and and that is... not going to really change any time soon, but I'm trying to carve out writing time in the interests of not totally going off the deep end between now and May when—God willing and the creek don't rise—I will finally get my degree and a job and the hell out of Dodge. Anyway. My apologies for the wait; thank you for all the kudos and comments and support; hopefully I still sort of remember how to write;
Into quiet.
"All right," John says. Hoping—he kisses the corner of Sherlock's mouth. "Like this?"
John presses his palm against his belly. Drops it to his knee, and takes a deep, steadying breath. "Win, then," he says, as lightly as he can; and Sherlock squares his shoulders.
; possibly he could—could let John tug—or pet, really, stroke his soft hair; leave stinging-scraping soft-rubbed kisses up a path to his pink mouth. Would touch John, maybe, with those clever hands; leave John's fist firm and steady around him to pet long lube-slick prints up arms throat jaw thumb-pulling-prizing to slip three long fingers root-deep into John's mouth and John, John would—would just—just fucking suck—and suck—and
"It'd hurt you," Sherlock says, very low, half angry; and swallowing John says, "And I'd—and we'd sort it out, and I'd be fine, all right?" Unlocking: breathe. "We'd be
Sherlock reddens, but he meets John's eyes. Nods.
"I wanted to
John rubs at his face and says, "Yeah, I think I owe you one," and Greg says, "I
"And Jacob," John says.
"Yes," Sherlock answers. Quiet.
"Go on," Sherlock says.
"I—yeah." John licks at his bottom lip, and takes a breath. "I do," he says, "I—did," and touches, very carefully, the band of the bra, just below the barely-there curve of the bottom of Sherlock's left breast.
, he realizes; then feels guilty; then immediately feels absurd. John draws his feet up the back of Sherlock's legs: bare, not bare; and Sherlock. Slackening. Breathes.
Sherlock swallows. This close, John can hear it: that small, wet doubled-sound. "Half the time I wish you'd make me," Sherlock says, very roughly; and John lifts up his head.
, he just wants—he says, "Is it all right, like that, if I—pretend," but it comes out wrong. Curving down at the end.
Quiet. Sherlock eeled up against him, kissing him wet and open-mouthed and hard.
him and John groans and squirms up shoving at the elastic while Sherlock fabric-muffled-moans against-around him and then worms one long hand up the leg of John's pants and presses his two longhard relentless fingertips against him—wanting—
"Thank you," Sherlock says, very quietly; and John doesn't tell him it's not necessary or easy or lovely but nods, silently. Over and over presses his mouth to Sherlock's mouth.
His eyes fly open. Sherlock's hand is gone,
, and then every 2 weeks after that. Onward!
"So," John says, "it
John curls his fingers on Sherlock's shoulders, and they kiss. John does want to kiss him. He wants all sorts of things. He wants to dirty Sherlock up: get his hands in that hair and that suit jacket half inside-out; he wants to suck Sherlock off in his chair and roll around with him in his big white bed and he wants Sherlock to bend him over the ottoman, smack his arse, talk about John's little rugby shorts, make John call him "sir." It makes his heart race. "You wanted to see me," John says, and Sherlock hums, warm on his skin. John repeats, "You wanted to see me, sir"; that makes his heart race, too.
"So you said," George agrees; and John takes a long, slow breath.
Thumbs just under John's arse Sherlock pulls his thighs apart. Nudges his cock just against him and pulls back and John bangs his head into the clattering door.
Sherlock's warm body. His hands. His blood, vision swimming: thuds.
"Yeah, but if he does it again, I—" John stops. Swallows, and then inhales, long and steadying and slow. "That," he says, "would not be. Enough. For me."
"Scale?" Sherlock looks up at him, sliding down into John's hands.
"Should I stop?"
John nods slowly. "Going back and forth on the ferry, all dressed up in school kit."
, I just, I—"; as Sherlock gasps, "Oh—
He pulls his knees up against the dashboard, twisting awkwardly. Trying to get comfortable: an impossible task.
—has been existing since Saturday in a state of more or less continual terror and panic, and John hasn't got the first fucking idea what he can do about that. He can't talk about what Sherlock is going through. He can't talk about Sherlock's past. He can't talk about Saturday. He can't talk about any of Sherlock's mixed-up knee-jerk reactions or even what Sherlock sodding
"Yeah," Sherlock says, very quietly.
John gasps, "Yeah," unsteady.
"Yes," he says, after a moment. "Princeton. 1981 to 1986."
," which is true, and then Sherlock starts giggling, which John'd intended, but John starts laughing too soon, even before Sherlock's said, "What does that mean, you've had, what, three?
"Honestly," John says. Steady: "I'm a bit shocked," he says, steady enough, "at the suggestion that you weren't there."
. No—
"You seemed to think we were." John shrugs again, digging out a piece of chicken. "Nothing to me, I've already texted Rhoda. Want to stay?"
, John thinks: Sherlock is terrified, he's
"Ah," Sherlock says: delicate, precise. "Right."
"Where was that?" Sherlock interrupts.
"Nope," says John; and sinks his hand into Sherlock's thick sweaty dark hair.
"That's an extremely easy answer," he says, "for something that's really not easy at all."
"I appreciate—" It comes out burred; Sherlock stops. Turns towards his phone, screen lighting up: the stopwatch, John thinks, with a helpless pang of fondness, as Sherlock clears his throat. "—your indulgence," he finishes. "To the, er. Scientific method, et cetera."
Sherlock's eyes widen fractionally. "Nostalgic," he echoes.
Saturday, isn't it," Sherlock says, finally.
Sherlock says, "It didn't fix it, though, did it"; and John's heart thuds.
—" bracing his arm up by his limp weak head shoving down through drifts of pillows shoving back. Sherlock's cock thick-hot inside him wet—Sherlock's slippery knees John's knee scraping on the damp sheets as John moans, writhing—up at the edge of the mattress pushes his wrists, tensioned aching
He feels—an odd, prickling wash of sensation, waving over him, head to feet: then the cold sick rush of adrenaline in its wake. The slow desolate thunk of Sherlock's feet on the stairs. Not looking at him Sherlock tosses his coat over the arm of the sofa, and as he steps through to the kitchen John watches it promptly slither down to the floor.
John's mouth twists. "I'd give good money for you to say that, in just that tone, in front of Donovan," he says, and Sherlock laughs, breathless. Squints up.
"I mean," he says, quiet, "girls like us"; and Sherlock's face flushes a clear, startling red.
"You're not even wet anymore," Sherlock murmurs. "Just dirtied up." He pets two fingers down over John's crack and pushes at him, dry and raw. John gasps, flinching: "Rubbish lube," Sherlock repeats, and then bends down to lick a long stripe over his arsehole.
"John," Sherlock says, quiet.
"If you want to stop," John says, "I need to be able to trust that you'll tell me": and Sherlock's breath catches in his throat. "On any scale," John says, rough. "Stop as in,
," John says, "because my mad flatmate's trying to suck me off under the table—" and Sherlock pulls back, hands sliding down to John's knees.
"I'm not paying attention to the case to
, just let me—": as Sherlock shivers, pulling him tighter breathless squeezing; and then nods.
"Yeah," John says, unsteady. He'd wanted. Echoing: "Ten."
Sherlock's mouth brushes over his. Hands pressing against his. pulling him tighter and tighter as he pushes him deeper and deeper into the sinking downy masses of all those soft white pillows. Mouth on the edge of his mouth.
"Oh, no," she says. "John le Carré at least. Or Patricia Highsmith."
manipulative? When you're the one who—"
John swallows. "Nothing," he says. "I—I'm sorry."
"Mm," John agrees. "I'm gagging to know what
"Yeah." Sherlock nuzzles against his collarbone. Resettles. Sighs.
) conceivably reply to queries/participate in discussions in comments, and that I reserve my right, though make no promises, to do so.
, what is he
John considers. "No," he says. "Help me—" and so Sherlock helps, pushing with his long foot between John's feet, awkward and clumsy, as they scoot the chair in. John keeps his arm around Sherlock's middle and cuts his French toast with the side of his fork right-handed as Sherlock'd done, only more awkwardly, Sherlock perched without relaxing with his long clever hands hands folded slack and uncertain in his lap. John eats. Eats. Finishes eating. Hands Sherlock the last of his tea. They drink in silence, off-handed, and then Sherlock takes John's cup and his cup and sets them both on the table, but doesn't, John notes, get up.
He can hear Sherlock showering. He can—Christ he shouldn't but all he can think about is Sherlock's long warm lithe body and his legs in those stockings and the heaving arches of his ribs and his pebble-tight flushed nipples swelling onto John's tongue and Christ,
"Do you mean," John says, "
—against Sherlock's cheek, and Sherlock's eyes slip shut, exhaling. "Thank you," he says, very quietly; and John laughs.
John picks up the other, breathing it in. It smells good. Feels hot enough. Maybe it had been long enough for the kettle. Mycroft sips his without comment, but his foot does move, very slightly: expensive cuff of expensive trouser pulling up over expensive shoe, sliding a centimeter across their acid-burned filthy carpet.
Sherlock's hand tightens.
Sherlock rubs at him a little, transparently not paying attention. "Where did you get that?" he asks, finally: his gaze has settled at last on the pencil in John's hand. Eyes refocusing. Taking it in.
(which, no, is not abandoned, just hanging out in a drawer while I finish grad school). Please don't drop S4 spoilers in my comments/inbox; it makes it super hard for me to write.
"I didn't know," Sherlock says, fast. Chin jerking up.
John pauses. "...pretending to be from the Winchester fencing squad, then, if you like."
"Mm. Not sure," Sherlock murmurs, "try again," so John tries again.
glad, that's—that's the worst of it, because—because he's alive, isn't he, and with me, and he wants me, but I can't get it out of my fucking mind, can I?" He swallows. "What he did to him." A sharp-edged ache lodged deep, deep down in his chest.
and shivering all over John grabs at him, thumb brushing the soft skin of his shoulder and his—
Staring up at the hardwhite edges of the wide-open windows, John says, "As long as he behaves himself, you mean." Why're they like that, he is thinking. Why can't they breathe.
"Yeah," Sherlock whispers. "Sometimes. A bit."
John swallows, and sets his laptop back down on the coffee table. "Hey," he says, going over; and Sherlock looks back up.
to fold around him his long, unsteady pink arms.
"You shave yours often?" John asks, turning back towards Sherlock's chin. (Casual.) (Light.)
Hot all over John knots his right hand in Sherlock's shirt. Sherlock licks his lips. John's skin flint-struck. Sherlock's barely-rough cheek scrapes at the tip of John's nose. Sherlock's hands—Christ—still folded up on edge of the laptop—John can't stand it, his open empty mouth—and Sherlock makes a soft hungry noise, leans into him, John pulling him to him, licking at the sour crease of the corner of his lips inhaling panting breath teeth on him Sherlock twisting to him kissing him red-faced and panting while shivering John fucks desperately into the wet of Sherlock's tongue all over the inside of his fist. Twists his hand—his hands—holding, dragging at Sherlock's shirt, which had been—was an hour and a half ago tossed aside dark with sweat on their
"Mm."
. John swallows a gasp.
John nods. He doesn't move his hands. Bends down to kiss him instead.
Sherlock nods, stretching his arms out overhead. "That implies that you don't let the shopping slip the rest of the time," he says.
Sherlock's fingers are cold. The sun's down properly, now, and John's been out of tea for an hour.
"It just—it's just that after the first it felt—" Sherlock inhales. "Even more stupid than usual," he says, very quietly; and John lets out a hollowing breath.
"Over the table?" John asks, Sherlock's fingers curling into his navel.
"It's been said." John looks back down at him, smiling. "Once or twice."
"Maybe I ought to just keep it to my bras and knickers, then," John says, instead; and Sherlock mumbles, "Ohchrist," and then folds a shaking hand over his eyes.
"Yes, by all means, tell me how awful I've been to you," Sherlock snaps, pushing off from the wall, "when I—"
John nods. He's nodding a lot—too much, he thinks; but—. "And it would've been—odd," he extrapolates, "in that line of work, if you'd worn gloves."
on him, do you track him
; and John hadn't known that he would, in fact, believe him, until just, precisely, then.
, at any rate, not
Sherlock whispers, "I want you to keep touching me."
"Hey," John says, quiet. Flattening his hand down Sherlock's side, back: careful. Careful. "It's all right, yeah?" John asks. Soft: Sherlock's soft lean spreading ribs. John tucks his fingers under the unraveling hem of the vest and tugs, looking up at him: his cracked-open bewildered all-at-once pink face. "What's wrong?" John asks.
hauled him off; standing in the hall downstairs apologizing to John with the switch off, the lamp in the living room leaking down just enough light for John to be caught, cracked and aching, by his freckles. On a cold Thursday night in February Marianne had rung him up and asked
"I love it too," John says, very quietly, and spreads his hand on Sherlock's chest. "I meant, do you need me to wait."
It comes out—merely curious, voice light; but his eyes are dark with his pupils, hugely wide, and he is holding his lips pressed a little too firmly together, a ghastly sort of parody expression that John is fond enough of him to pretend is a smile.
John kisses the corner of his mouth. Gentle. Slow.
—while John shivers all over glowing in every bursting-splitting cell, held fast under Sherlock pushing him down holding still-still-still, while John pants and drips and shivers in his sweat-soaked misshapen skin. Sherlock still thick inside him. Inside-out, John feels—flayed, as though—his blood soaked out everywhere like he's come four times but Sherlock is—still thick inside him, pulse pounding against him, John wants—he wants—
There's quite a pause after that, before Sherlock texts back:
": and Sherlock's voice cracks. John breathes, breathes; pushes back, back; as Sherlock flattens his trembling palm flat to John's working sternum: "If I," Sherlock says: his voice wobbles, dips: "if I—
"Yeah," John agrees. Soft. "I want that, too."
"But—I'd bought a round-trip ticket," Sherlock confesses, low and quiet. "I thought I'd be right back."
It is, John reflects, probably extremely effective, as pauses go; but over the past several months John and Bianca have developed the sort of telephone-based relationship that consists entirely of silent, merciless battles of will in which neither of them ever admits defeat, acknowledges victory, or concedes that they're both infinitely more infuriated with their respective Holmes than they are irritated with each other. He's immune to her pauses, these days: he'd had a dream, once, that they'd spent a Wednesday getting extremely pissed together in her local without ever exchanging a single word, and it'd taken him the better part of March to realize it hadn't actually happened. He doesn't know why he didn't ring her right away. He doesn't need to go after Sherlock, does he? He just needs to be of some kind of
: stretching strained fabric up towards his groin—kisses—and again, tasting salty sweat and, and soap and musk-bitter, and—
"Come on," John says, stepping back. "If you really want to work on this now, we'd better get these monstrosities to one side."
Sherlock
Sherlock squeezes John's fingers on his belly. "Could probably build one, though."
"Oh, 'Away', is he?" Brian smiles his wide cat smile and says, "I'm surprised it wasn't just me and Priyanka, then"; and something bursts in John's chest, wordless and inchoate.
Touching. John swallowing, thumbs all over, cheekbones: damp with sweat. John kisses him again hollow-wanting and Sherlock gasps. "Do it," John says, thick; "Just—roll me over and shove back—in,
—and so blood in riptides John rubs at Sherlock's rock-hard nipple and fucks Sherlock with his lips-tongue-
John brushes his thumb over Sherlock's eyebrow. His silky temple. His pink cheek. Thinking:
After a moment, he says, "Yeah," in his lowest velvetiest voice; John swallows hard and pulls back.
Outside the windows the day grows brighter, heavier: pressing in close in mustards and silver as the clouds get thicker and the heat settles in. John eats the danish at eleven and a sandwich at noon and cracks his window open at one; it doesn't help much. Sherlock's been quiet all morning, probably fussing with his stitches and annoying Greg; a theory born out when, at a quarter past two, John receives:
Sherlock hasn't moved. "I thought," John says, staring down, "you'd something to show me."
He's smiling. "No," John agrees.
—" and pulse shaking his fingers and wrists John drags Sherlock's hand flat to his chest. "
Or. Or. John can't. Can't. He gets up onto his feet and grabs the lube off the edge of the bed, slicks it up. Get him dripping. Could, could do this, just do this, just keep doing this, would—would feel so good, hot and velvety in his palm with musk-bitter down his throat and could—could keep himself open while he did it, couldn't he? Isn't he? John's good with his hands, he could—could make it so good, kiss—kissing his pink mouth stubbled jaw and his flushing fair face while panting open-mouthed he arched and squirmed and gasped
for you": and he thinks, for the briefest of moments, that Sherlock will fight him on it—ignore him—run—but when John looks up again something in Sherlock's expression is folding, very slowly, collapsing in on itself, and when he reaches up to rub at his own pink bared new cheek his hands are shaking, shaking, shaking: and Christ, he's cut himself shaving, too, hasn't he: three places, that John can see. "Oh—Sherlock," John says, tight and heavy; and then scrubs at his own still-damp scratchy hot face. "Christ, Sherlock, sit down before you fall down": he tugs Sherlock's coat off his arm and then takes him by one too-hot too-angular elbow while Sherlock shakes his head, then says, "Go—you should get dressed, I can do the tea," and John says, "You can
Leaning back against the bath with his knees bent up, Sherlock is watching him, not frowning, quite. "What are you doing?" he asks, as John fills up the palm of his hand.
"Beautiful sunset," John says, "and so forth," and Sherlock lifts his head, squinting out through the windshield, eternally unimpressed.
John exhales, slow. Pulling him closer: he nods.
"Confusing?" John asks; and Sherlock shakes his head.
His voice cracks, and he swallows. Blinking twice, hard.
"Nhh." Sherlock's eyelids are drooping. A bit of a kiss and he's already pink and rumpled, eyeing the collar of John's dressing gown. John tugs Sherlock's shirtfront straight, smooths it down to his flies.
) soft over and over and over and over and (
Silence. His whining-out gasping breath: he swallows, again.
"Mm." Sherlock noses at him: seeking, soft. They kiss.
"I thought—before," Sherlock says, quietly, and then lifts his head. "I thought you weren't interested in men."
Beside him, Sherlock's breath catches. Repentant John squeezes his hand.
"So," John says, after a moment. "Query."
"Mycroft'd murder me if I didn't see him for that long," Sherlock murmurs. Squeezing John's hand: something in John's chest unravels, all at once.
"What'd you do with it," asks Sherlock, "on Thursday?"
The duvet's worked itself across the mattress into an awkward acute sort of an angle, twisted about underneath them; they've knocked the knickers and bra onto the floor. Sherlock is lying on his back bare naked and gleaming in the sunlight with his eyes hungry on John while John gets into the bag and gets the other packet open, watching Sherlock tuck his arm under his head. His eyes black-centered and glittering, cock still-hard and dark-flushed, a study in contrasts: with his white skin, with the pink at his throat and his collarbones, brushed across his cheeks and his chest.
A curious endeavor. Surgical, almost: John is conscious of the effort he is expending to make it look—not easy, exactly. It isn't. He still feels like an idiot, kitted up like this. Sherlock is inhaling slowly, loud in the quiet. The curtains are fluttering, only just, in the breeze.
"I like it," says Sherlock, voice harsh.
than this, I need—I need more," he says, unsteady, "of you. Or—or less."
"Wanted you to feel it," Sherlock says, finally.
John rubs his palms on his jeans under the table. Focuses his gaze on Sherlock's—shoulder, and—
and moans and then allatonce shoves John's hips up, panting. Holding them apart.
Bob, bob. Up-down, up-down. "Like what?" Sherlock asks.
George nods. "But do you want to kiss him?" he asks; and John gasps, "Christ," and buries his face in his hands. "Is kissing important to you?" George says, and John sucks down a deep, unsteady breath.
His mobile chimes.
John curls his bare toes on the floor.
," Sherlock offers, "if she'd prefer."
John likes Sherlock's hands. Always has. His hands are long and graceful; expressive even through nitrile; nimble on the violin; warm on John's body and his face and his hands. Hand to hand. In John's blunt tanned hands even
—and Sherlock cries out dragging—pushing his cock up hard against John's belly and John pulls off gasping, "My hand, my hands, do you want me to—" and Sherlock pushes his head back down to his tits and John drooling through lace sucks his nipple back in while Sherlock rough-voiced is saying, "Yeah, I want—I want you rubbing my—my—" and then stops—gasps—gasps—and John slides his hand into the knickers getting a hand on him and asks, "Your clit?" and Sherlock groans, "
"Then maybe I wouldn't keep misplacing you," Sherlock says at last, warm on John's skin.
, so." He rubs his hand over his face. "Pointless, isn't it?"
"You like it." Sherlock's fingers caressing the sides of John's fingers and his short scratchy damp hair and his tender hidden skin.
Sherlock doesn't answer.
"Ah, dreadful, isn't it?" John gives her a carefully sheepish shrug. "Prawn sandwich. Sainsbury's. You know."
"The British Museum," Greg says, "but how do—what do you—"
Sherlock's hand tightens on his wrist. Shivering John stills.
you, I feel—all the time like I need every sodding part of you and I, I don't mean to, I know you can't—I know that it's not—like that for you but
And John jerks heart pounding searing through his knuckles hot gravel wet fallen back. Space, everywhere. Mouth empty. Breathing hard.
with me.
"Do you want me to, really?" John asks, quiet.
John can't stop smiling at him. "Because... you've been good?"
"Fine," clipped by teeth, "fine"; and then a thump.
, hand in his,
and some not inconsiderable time later Sherlock'd replied,
John swallows. Aching. Hollow and open, while Sherlock's hand tightens and loosens, tightens and loosens, on his arse. "Yeah," John whispers, and closes his eyes.
Sherlock had done.
wasn't like that, he wasn't—what you're thinking"; and John takes a long, slow breath.
, exactly, if you're my boyfriend," John says, quiet, "I like being with you and I don't want to stop but it'll kill me, Sherlock, if you stop being my partner again": and Sherlock sighs, resting his forehead against John's forehead.
, I don't—I can't, I don't know why, I ought to be able to—"
At a quarter 'til three John reminds him about Mrs. Hudson. Sherlock nods without looking up. "Yes," he says distractedly. "I have to change my shirt."
John folds his hands in his lap.
"John, I think I should remind you that this isn't a consultation, at this point," George says, very gently. "My responsibility here—"
—dragging John's arsecheeks apart on the sofa and rubbing his boxers in against him—Christ, nearly
"For you?" John's face is hot. He pulls his knee up tighter, open wider; says it anyway. "No. M'not."
John curls his fingers against the top of the table.
Sherlock kisses the hinge of his jaw. Slack open panting mouth on the edge of his—
less of a cock, and perhaps then she'd be marginally less of a—what are you doing?": because Sherlock is lying on his bedroom floor on his stomach with his entire head and torso slid under his bed. There's a creak, and a rustle, and a thump, and then Sherlock wriggles back out again brushing dust off his shirt and trousers, cheeks pleased and pink, and holds up an overlarge external hard drive, with its USB cable dangling.
Hands opening and closing on John's sides.
Sherlock is touching his shoulders. His back. Kissing him, his face, still: in a way that makes John ache deep inside his chest, as John's heart slows, and steadies, and slows.
"Present circumstances." John nods, swallowing. "You mean—as in, incredible sex, shootouts, and adventure, or—"
," and John puts his mouth back on him slick-slurping wet all—all over his—his puffy-hot lips and—and the slickening back of his tongue and his—his chin as "Ten," Sherlock groans and John startles—shifts—but Sherlock gasps, "I want—closer, don't stop, n-ten I want to get—" and dizzily John pushes himself—down, swallowing—down, while Sherlock's voice drops—down, "Ten, keep—" and dissolves as he whimpers, writhing on John's petting-trembling fingers while John—swallows, and Sherlock gasps, "T—e—" and John—chokes, and then—pulls back breathing deep high hypoxic whine while tugging at his cropped hair in handfuls Sherlock desperate shoves up—up—down-rolling hips while John—swallows and Sherlock gasps, "Ah—" as he—
"You should." His eyes, slipping half-closed: he makes a hot noise low in his throat when John pulls his arsecheeks apart.
"Twenty years," Sherlock says. "Give or take a week or two."
"You want—want more," John manages, "or"; and Sherlock whispers, "Kiss me," and so John kisses him, over and over, feeling strung out and strange and desperate, wanting—he pulls back.
John should've seen it coming. Did, at some points, almost; but last night John'd asked Sherlock what he thought of the cut of his lacy black knickers; and then
"No," Sherlock says, finally. "It's yours."
until John slides down onto his knees around him and Sherlock can, hunching forward, press his hot face tight to John's hollow, aching throat.
Sherlock. Nods. "I have to." The warm press of. "To." His lips. On skin.
"Talking about what you want, sexually or otherwise, can be extremely challenging," George says; and John sighs, and sets his discarded sandwich next to his tea, so he can scrub his sweaty palms on his thighs. "A lot of people struggle to articulate desire," George is saying, "especially when that desire lives so deep in them that it makes them feel vulnerable, or when they're afraid they won't get it.
"You want that?" Sherlock asks, finally; very low, not moving.
, too fast to grab: like standing frozen at a cliff's edge while the dirt crumbles underneath you, staring dry-throated into the sea. John reaches out:
"One to five, or one to ten?" Sherlock asks, squirming as John tugs at his bare knees.
Sherlock doesn't answer.
"Sorry," John whispers. Breathes. "Fuck. Christ."
. "I like
had been dating. Harry had gone out with a tattooed blonde from group, twice; then spent a month and a half with a tiny, waifish microbiologist she'd met at a weekend workshop on shibari; and then she had started taking art classes again and all of a sudden they'd been coming in droves: young mums just starting in on their complicated divorces; other middle-aged working women, getting their hands back into paints and charcoal and clay for the first time in decades; at least four incredibly striking life models, one of whom had turned up naked in their kitchen at half six in the morning and nearly given John a heart attack; university girls with rolled jeans and huge glasses and jumpers that'd been hideously ugly when John and Harry'd been their age, but were in again, apparently. Harry'd been getting laid four times a week, not infrequently by three different women; she'd been healthy, happy, sober, and flush with irritatingly well-screwed contentment; and John, meanwhile, had been, for almost a year, entirely celibate.
, I can't do it like this Sherlock, this isn't enough for me, I'm so
Right. "Old posh white people." John nods. "I did follow"; and Sherlock's mouth quirks.
He looks down. The water is coming up toward his ankles: a little too hot, actually, he thinks, for a bath. He fiddles a bit while, by the basin, Sherlock's toothbrush buzzes and hums. John steps out of the bath. He stands beside Sherlock and in the mirror he watches Sherlock shoot him a slanting sideways glance, mouth foamed up all over the edges. John wets his toothbrush. Gives his molars a solid minty sort of a scrubbing while Sherlock is frothing industriously and brushing, getting all the spots John tends to be slapdash about or miss entirely half the time: the insides of his incisors on the bottom, the back of his tongue. John spits. Rinses his mouth, his toothbrush; just as beside him, the buzzing stops. When he straightens up Sherlock bends instead. John touches the dimples at the base of his wet back, helpless. The hair is plastered in curls on the back of Sherlock's neck, little dark tendrils that make—that make John want—
Sherlock swallows. "Okay," he whispers.
Sherlock says, "I just worry that I'm a bit more likely to, of late."
Head back against the chair, holding. He breathes. Breathes.
But still Sherlock had left, and Rhoda had saved him: made him a doctor again, reopened his life; and no part of John has forgotten any part of that.
Between their bodies: all that light.
"All right," John says, finally. "Mantle's been a bit hit or miss since the baby was born, but Chambal's always down at that club in Lambeth of a Saturday, if you want to come along, I'm sure he'd—"
Sherlock's eyes are very wide. Face flushed. Close alongside him ribs to ribs John can feel the throb of his heart. "Is this," John asks, "good, or do you—" and Sherlock presses his mouth to John's mouth.
John swallows. His fingers curl, uncurl. "Have you started the timer already?"
you're cross with him, but I can guarantee that Lestrade and I won't forget this, the next time you need one of us to do you a favor," like the madman he has long since more or less resigned himself to becoming; whereupon a black sedan glides up behind him, and John stops, exhales sharply, and says, "
Sherlock's face is flushed, John notes. Trying not to look up. John examines the razor. The handle is textured, heavy; good newish blade, shiny and sharp—then glances back up at Sherlock, away. "Nice," he says, as light as he can manage. Shaving foam, he thinks; flannels, hot water from the sink: this close John can feel it, when Sherlock shifts his weight.
Sherlock's toes flex. "You say that like perhaps I ought to," he murmurs, and takes one oversized, ungainly step off the edge of the sofa, then crosses his arms across his chest. "Why, don't you believe me?"
, burrowing into his body with tender-soft lapping kisses while under-above him on his elbows with his hips pushing—
Raj's arm, John notes, is wrapped around Sherlock, too, his fingertips tucked just into the front pocket of Sherlock's tight low-slung grey trousers. John swallows. "That seems rather... gender-essentialist of you," he says, at last; and Sherlock shakes his head.
"That I'm here," he says, and then sighs. "That this hurts."
John's mobile buzzes in his hand.
"Of course," he says, and clears his throat.
John thought? Had he
"Please." John swallows. "
Air, cool in his mouth. John says, "You too."
"No?" Sherlock says, eeling—
want, and there's what he'll
"Not," says Sherlock, "precisely," without looking up: and then turns John's laptop enough to show him a sun-drenched, squinting snapshot of a very beautiful girl with dark skin and a magenta-streaked halo of curls; a round-shouldered white bloke with a baby in a chest sling; a solid, bearded Asian man in skinny jeans; and—and Sherlock, of course, with spiky bleached-orange hair and a clingy v-neck that bares a slightly indecent proportion of his freckled shoulders and pecs, beaming toothily along with the rest of them, with his arm draped around the shoulders of the bearded bloke to the left. He looks like an entirely different person. Behind them: the Amsterdam sign, and the Rijksmuseum, looming. "Raj," Sherlock says, and then taps the screen just over Bearded Skinny Jeans' chest; then slides his finger over to Nerd Dad. "Or Matt, perhaps."
Sherlock puts his arms around him. Between his head and the window. Pulls him close. John's wet hand fisted on his chest and the other on his side and John shaking all over with his burning face wet in Sherlock's throat as he unclenches his fingers millimeter by millimeter, and then slides down onto his knees.
," Sally says. "The first one, from Big Ben, took us seven minutes to find and about half that for the bomb disposal unit to sort out that it didn't even have a detonator. The second, at Covent Garden, he'd stuck in a planter, but it wasn't waterproofed, so the electronics got frazzled before we even got there."
"Oh, dear," Holmes says, sounding terribly disappointed; and he whips the cane up and then cracks it down flat hard scalding across the already-scored stripes on John's arse and John groans, helpless: it'd've been worth it, it'd've been—
It takes a minute, but at last John says, "Hasn't ever been mine, properly," in his forgotten rough in-between-years old-man's voice. He clears his throat. "We probably," he adds, "ought to've fixed up the paperwork ages ago."
John types out,
A blare; he jumps: the timer, on Sherlock's mobile, set on the draining board just behind John's back. Sherlock reaches past John to slide it off with one long finger, then touches John's shoulder, then turns off the hob and the oven, taking the colander from John's loose hand without looking to dump the parsley into the bowl so he can reuse the colander for the lentils. A symphony. A dance. John takes a step back, to give him room: Sherlock rinses the lentils in cold water. Takes a sheet pan from the oven. "We'll need plates," John says, finally; and turns to lay the table.
"You could smack me around a little," John suggests. "Whatever you want."
John squirms—pinned, still shuddering—but gentle, gentling: soft, sweet. John is breathing hard; swallows and swallows; for a long, long time, Sherlock keeps him in his mouth.
"No, I know." John takes a breath. "I kn—I do know that."
"; and wanders over to the all the windows standing wide-open above Baker Street.
John blinks. "Twenty
He wakes up, a bit, it seems, while John is starting the water: sitting on the lid of John's toilet fully dressed and watching him with hollowed-out, hungry eyes. John checks the temperature, and checks the temperature, and checks the temperature, then tells Sherlock, "All right, kit off, in you get," and Sherlock swallows, and starts peeling off his coat. He's flushing again, in splotches: pink all down his neck and and his shoulders and his fuzz-blotched peculiar face: Christ, he's a trainwreck; John swallows. He doesn't know what to do.
Sherlock hums, and John scoots back, until his back bumps into the pillows. He'd end up lying down, probably, over that lot of them, if he didn't—so he twists to push them up, stack them high behind his shoulders, legs stretched out. Sherlock comes back with a dark blue lacquer box with a combination lock, not quite as deep as one of his drawers and perhaps half as wide, and sets it down on the mattress by John's hip, then folds himself up after it.
and panting hard, cock hard in his trousers still zipped over his—little—black—shorts and they won't make it upstairs, won't be able to— "Sofa," John groans into Sherlock's open panting mouth and Sherlock groans drops down half-falling sitting onto the sofa with one hand still caught in John's (too-short) hair dragging him down to kiss, and kiss, and kiss. John clambers up onto his knees splayed across Sherlock's long thighs and Sherlock moans wide-open, gasping draws John up straight-tight against him—
"That seems." She pauses. "Different," she says, finally.
"John," says Sherlock, thick. John nods: a kiss. "Put them in me," says Sherlock. John nods, petting. Turns his head to look for the bottle but Sherlock grabs at his shoulder pushing his open mouth to John's jaw, panting: "Now. Please. Please—" as John's stomach twists and Sherlock gasps, "Simon says—fuck me," and the ridiculousness hits John sideways, even as Sherlock is whispering, "do it now, fuck me raw, just—just shove them into me,
"No," Sherlock says. "I had to. There wasn't any other way out."
(His legs, John thinks. Long legs.) "All right," he agrees.
The taut-spiral warm feeling of John's own mouth, smiling. "What do you have against the Dutch?"
"I like—I like watching you think about." Sherlock stops. Hesitates. John rubs his thumb along the finely-built bridges of Sherlock's clavicles. Pets at the hollow of his throat. He feels it, when Sherlock says, "I like seeing you desperate, just from thinking about, about how good you would make me feel," too-fast words wobbling to an unsteady stop.
Sherlock's expression is distant, blank. Ever so slightly out of focus, John thinks: and rubs his palms on his jeans.
"How." Sherlock swallows. Pushes at John's legs, holding them down to his chest as he eases himself out, voice thick: "How many fingers?" as he pets back against him, slipping in; wet and easy and not—not
"You'd hardly mind," Sherlock mutters. Petulant, as he presses his hips against him: John better than half-hard in his jeans.
to refer them to social services, for the long-term health of the family. However, especially since this isn't being formally Britpicked, I never know if I'm really Googling the right questions, and I apologize if I've made any glaring mistakes. Please feel free to comment or send me an
He stops. Closes his eyes. Presses his forehead to Sherlock's forehead, mute. He can't—think, or—
"But you," Sherlock says. "When I—came back, I mean."
you to, to come—all over me—" and John kneels up clumsily half-blind with lust and bent over him gets his hand on his own aching cock and Sherlock's hand on his hand and Sherlock's mouth on his mouth tonguing at him wet and lecherous because he wants he wants him he wants him to the way Sherlock wants him
It hadn't been about Sherlock. It hadn't really been about Sherlock, at the time. Most of what John and George talked about, in May of 2014, when John first admitted to him that he hadn't had sex since he'd told his fiancée that he'd been cheating on her, repeatedly, frequently unsafely, occasionally anonymously, and exclusively homosexually; or—more accurately—since he had gone directly from Lily's expensive split-level in Battersea to Vic's untidy cluttered flat in Shoreditch, to tell Vic that he had been, all the while, lying to
Sherlock swallows, gets a foot under him as John sits up and drags at the ottoman with the top of his foot, leaning forward, nearly bumping Sherlock's chest. John's hands on his shoulders Sherlock sits, and John's palms slide up to his cheeks.
"Food."
, and it passes. "Where are they this time, then?" John asks; and Chloe says, "Canary Wharf," and they spend the rest of the trip staring out opposite-side windows in silence. Then John hangs back while she has a brief, terrifying exchange with a trio of men with discreet name badges and black suits; draws his gun when the leftmost and lumpiest one looks like he might raise some sort of objection; and then, after the building has finally disgorged Sherlock (looking somewhat the worse for wear) and Greg (looking
—as above him Sherlock sags, boneless-melting into the seat. Sherlock is hot blood hot, opening butter-smooth. John drags Sherlock's hips down—closer—half-off, nearly, wanting the whole of his body closer to Sherlock's body wanting to—curl
"Can I pull you off?" Sherlock asks, muffled; and John stares up at the short stretch of wall between window and ceiling.
"Truly," John asks, very gently, "do you think it's demeaning?"; and in an instant Sherlock goes to scarlet from pink. John can feel his own mouth twisting, pulling down: he reaches for Sherlock's long hand and tugs at him, pulling his long albatross hovering in so that John can fit himself in, close, underneath. Wrapping his arms 'round his middle. Tucking his nose against his throat, his knuckles brushing the peach-soft fuzz on his spine. Sherlock is grabbing on to the back of John's shirt, clinging on, hands tight. It's all right. If he rips it John has other ones. He's so warm.
"Then let's go out in the rain," Sherlock says.
, Sherlock'd said;
"No, stay," Sherlock says, too fast, "if you stay we can again"; and John, blinking rapidly to force himself the rest of the way awake, brushes the side of Sherlock's foot again, hand open. Sherlock's feet are pale and gangly; long, with high, impractical arches. A half-dozen awkward flaws assembled into impossible elegance and sensitive, John knows, besides. He could pet down between Sherlock's white toes. He could watch them twitch with Sherlock's mobile tendons; but he wraps his hand firm around the middle and squeezes, instead.
"Let me just—" Sherlock twists, and John shakes his head, throat tight.
"And it's not simple, is it," John says. Quiet: leaving space. "For you."
"Well," John says, then laughs.
John swallows. Swallows. "M-make me clean up my messes," he says, unsteady, and his breath comes out of all of him in a shuddering waterfall rush.
— "You're so sweet for me," Sherlock is saying, low and hot, as he tightens his arm against his—broken-moaning—bare—throat and John comes, shuddering, in great bone-wracking throbs.
"I keep thinking," John says, finally, "that what I'm after, really, is halfway between a session with you and a consult."
He breathes.
," says Sherlock, his unsteady swooping voice:
John wriggles back; down; drags his mouth over the soft tender skin of Sherlock's side and abdomen, slips his tongue into the tart complicated hollow of his bellybutton. Sherlock is making low, soft noises, hips shifting up-down eager and restless: John pins them down. Opens his mouth over the jut of Sherlock's hipbone, tacky-bitter with precome and salty with sweat, while Sherlock's erection slaps against his chin. Sherlock cries out, pushes John's head down: John sucks, hard. Under him Sherlock moans and shivers and moans. All day tomorrow Sherlock probably—probably in meetings with illustrious clients or down at Scotland Yard haranguing the police, with his right hip dark-purple and tender with John's teeth. John pulls off, Sherlock's hand slipping over temple and cheek. Sherlock is looking down at him flushed red and splotchy with his left hand splayed on his chest and John swallows, thick.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Yes," Sherlock says, quiet. "Please."
," he says, helpless. His back aches. His knees. He's sitting in Sherlock's
"Yeah," John breathes, and then does it again: a long shivery-bright touch that spools down through him, blood vessels and bones. He leans his head back on Sherlock's shoulder, and Sherlock's hand slides back over his hip, slips in between them, and tugs at the base of the toy. It lurches inside John's body: John groans.
Ashamed, John is thinking: Sherlock is ashamed. Of that, of all things. He curls his fingers, nodding and nodding. Rubbing at the tacky-warm stretch of Sherlock's long spine.
When Brian had still just been the stranger calling Cal's name on the street across from Village, John'd met, fleetingly, his eyes. He had noted a well-groomed but unremarkable man in his early forties who'd been holding the hand of a well-groomed but unremarkable man in his early forties while Cal, a well-groomed if unremarkable man in his early forties, had flung himself out to pull this stranger into a quick, two-armed embrace; and then the stranger had looked away. John, meanwhile, had briefly exchanged glances with the hand-holding companion; they  then, embarrassed, had mustered up a pair of frozen sorts of smiles; while Cal and Brian had been promptly getting on to talking at light speed: back-and-forth about
John shakes his head. Scraping. "It was early, still," he says. "When I got up."
"You lie here like this?" he asks.
Very quietly,  John says, "I don't know what I want."
"I'm not unsure," Sherlock says, reflexive; and John looks him right in the eye.
They kiss.
"How have you been doing, on that front?" George asks. "By the way."
In other news, I mentioned this over on
He touches his cheek. His curling-soft hair. Quiet.
"Take a shower with me," says Sherlock, fast; and then flushes up all over, a clear and lovely fuschia-red.
"Don't be facetious." Sherlock pries the lid off his tea to examine the contents. "Your original statement lacked precision."
Against him Sherlock nods, nuzzling. Petting him, kissing. His big hands drifting to squeeze the suspenders hard against John's arse: John shivers all over, skin prickling—
that where he wanted to stick his cock mattered more than whether or not it hurt Sherlock, or was bad for Sherlock, whether or not Sherlock would regret it, and that—"
—air, outside: John swallows. To avoid tourists? Sherlock'd. Go to lengths. "I don't know Hawe that well, really," he says. "I suppose I know his sergeant, a bit—are you headed over there, then?"
His mouth.
"Do you want to do this?" John asks, very quietly; and Sherlock gulps, loud.
"They're not any capacity whatsoever," Sherlock grouses; but he is leaning back, a steady, insistent warm pressure. John takes his weight like a gift. Drawing him in. His hand is pulling John's down, slow—slow—slow. Velvet-soft creamy-hot skin; and then lace scratching at their interwoven knuckles, just below. Sherlock twisting back towards him: nuzzling John's forehead over his shoulder, feather-light.
: as the boy-not-a-
Sherlock looks away from his mobile. "Ah, good," he says, straightening. "I've just been down to see Lestrade."
to him, didn't you, if you were trying to get enough to hand them over to law enforcement for—what was it, then? Had they taken Eva's own bicycle, or did she just—know about a pattern, and point you in the proper direction?"
"Yeah." John swallows.
"It was just him doing what he bloody well wanted, wasn't it?" John bursts out. "Just—just some
Sherlock pulls the bowl over. Pulls a waterfall of ramen up with his chopsticks, and under the table John forces his foot flat. Leg still.
"Do you." John hesitates, looking him over, then says, "I think you'd better brush your teeth, yeah? Get ready for bed?"
Sherlock gasps. Hands, ribs: squeezing hard as John licks across to his temple, resettles his weight on his side: Sherlock tensed underneath him, breathing deep.
His breath is buzzing John's cheek. "To watch my face, most likely," John says, breathless. "When my mobile pops up with a picture of you wanking through a sheet."
"Watching you hold me down and fuck me," John says, "just how I like"; and Sherlock looks up.
: Sherlock's breath hitching beneath him, gratifying; his left nipple already hard to meet John's tongue through its little lacy bra cup.
": and shuddering up sweat-slick Sherlock licks into his mouth breathing—deep; and then unsteady Sherlock tells him, "You're the most beautiful girl—" pricklingup pinsandneedles allover John's legs and his back— "I've ever seen"; and swallowing, John asks,"Have you looked in a mirror?"; and into his mouth warm-bubbling over, breathless, Sherlock—glorious, treasured—laughs.
"Hm." John considers, trying to focus, feeling—flooded, half— "I think," he says, "that it's—probably more of a—
at him—: John clears his throat. "Timeout, yeah?" he says, quiet. "On the—the cuddling, I mean. Just for a bit?"
"Mm." Sherlock breaks away, inhaling. "I was going to—"
"Upstairs, I mean," Sherlock says, quiet. He's perched half-sitting across John's left leg, awkward, badly balanced.
"Mr. Watson," Holmes says, stern.
against the table against the wall through the door into Sherlock's bedroom and out onto that vast white-sheeted bed to sprawl their bodies tangled together with his hands in all that hair and kiss and kiss and kiss. He doesn't. He holds himself stiff and straight with his hands in fists, and Sherlock breathes out hot against his temple. His cheek. Brushes his nose across John's right eyebrow, and John closes his eyes.
He lifts the razor, and Sherlock says, "Not—
"Tariq works with Denise as well," Natalie says; and John nonsensically adds, "Full time, she means," as Tariq is holding out a hand, smiling; which Sherlock somewhat robotically shakes.
—but this, of course, is a waste of time. Not—broadly speaking, maybe, but—but just now. In the current situation. It is not, he thinks, the best use of his time. George would disagree with him, probably: John does know that. But the fundamental principle, John is thinking, is not that John ought to be able to handle everything properly (thank Christ) but that he needs to handle it well enough to be of
"Seven," Sherlock says.
"Roll over," Sherlock says, pulling back. A rush of cold air to all the hot-sticky places where they were pressed together but it gives John the space to roll over onto his belly, so John rolls over onto his belly. Sherlock is pulling the pillows down from the head of the bed, so John presses his hips up so that Sherlock can wedge them under him: not rocket science, is it. Sherlock bends down to kiss his shoulder. Nuzzle at his neck. John squirms, breath picking up, chest tight—
"That won't do much, like that," Sherlock says, at last.
Sherlock takes a breath. "My grandmother—not Hélène, my other grandmother, the Townshend side," he says, and then stops; and is quiet.
John asks, "Can I help?"
"That's something we've talked about before," George says, and John nods. "Vis-a-vis—"
"But didn't you." John swallows. "Know?"
—," and so helpless John, feeling—almost sick, pushes his fingertip justbarely into the soft sweat-damp clench of Sherlock's arsehole, while Sherlock groans stuttering-muffled against John's hot cheek.
"Three?" John asks, quiet. His hand on Sherlock's biceps: sliding down, down, down.
"—which is
"You can't," John echoes, "do any of it"; and Sherlock rubs both hands across his face, and sighs.
. Sherlock breathes out into John's mouth and petting—down touches—
John interlaces their fingers.
—" slappedthick, his stinging hand: palm pushed hard on the sofa back behind Sherlock's slouching shoulder while Sherlock twists his wrist. John blink-blinking down at—at his red-shiny head slipping—
: soft brushing back together: and then rest. Still. Be still. Still. "Ten," John whispers. Thumb. Knuckles brushing over Sherlock's belly: John can't yield; not on this. Sherlock's shoulders scrunching up.
Lying sweaty pressed to him all over, in nothing but suspenders and stockings, Christ. Sherlock's body is long and warm and achingly, terrifyingly familiar: curved; tucked close against his. It'd be a simple question, John is thinking, with an edged, unsurprised pang: do you want me? do you want to be with me? Straightforward enough, he is thinking, for all those other people that John doesn't want to ask.
"Stop the presses," he says, muffled by skin, and John says, "Oh, shut up," rolling his weight up, their legs interleaved: the hair on Sherlock's calves pulls against John's own, pajamas tangled just over his knees. "Smartarse," John says, wriggling; pinning Sherlock down as Sherlock drags him in by his ears and gives him great smacking kisses, "now see if I help you out with—you can just," all over John's face and chin and mouth, twitching so hard it aches at the corners as he says, "just plug your own arse," while Sherlock giggles underneath him. Licks at the hinge of his jaw, and the underside of his chin, and his—his lips—
, pressing the tip of his tongue through the crumpled-silk knot of his arsehole, Sherlock's long thighs pulled up and tensed, trembling against John's hand in Sherlock's big hands tucked into the sweat-shiny hollows at the backs of his knees. John has to—pulls back. Rubbing over him helpless, hot thighs, flushed bottom, sweaty hips. "Sherlock," he gasps; Sherlock groans, "
"Later," John says, as gently as he can, "you make me breakfast later, you need a shower, you smell really bad."
Sherlock nods. Watches him, from the sofa. He's wearing grey jogging bottoms and a soft-looking white t-shirt and his blue dressing gown and his feet are bare, at half seven in the evening, and John might know that Sherlock flops about the flat in his pajamas something better than half the time, when they've nothing properly on, but it feels different now, somehow; a little dangerous.
—" while Sherlock takes his hands off him—no, no, so John pushes his arse hard onto Sherlock's tongue on his own while Sherlock flails out for the bedside table and finally grabs one of his toys, a bulbous pearlescent alien thing that John barely sees but kneels up for, wanton, his thighs spread and shaking with his hands on the headboard as under him face glistening Sherlock slicks it up and then pushes it up into John's arse in three smooth increasing bumps that make him at first furious—and then oh, finally—and then Ch-h-hrist and John gulps and gulps and gulps with his arse stretching open around cool hard silicone locked into him too thick unmoving while Sherlock pulls him back down. When John looks down he can barely see Sherlock past his own purple-flushed cock and his tight aching balls but he can feel him hands on his hips and hot breath on his burning slapped-up stinging skin beneath the choke-hold collar of the ring done up around him stretching him drum-tight where Sherlock is lapping carefully at him held open by the third too-thick lump just above the base of the toy. Sherlock licks all around him: it feels huge. John feels huge. He feels like his arsehole is going to be stretched so wide he'll go 'round for days hollow and hungry and so ready that all Sherlock will have to do is pull him over get his trousers down and then fit his hand into him, feel around. He is almost too full, and then Sherlock licks
, we're—all sorts of women or—or we're schoolboys, or grown men"; and Sherlock makes a high caught noise at the back of John's mouth and John pets at his cock with his body curved-quaked for Sherlock a cove: "we could be—anything—everything, I think"; and Sherlock gasps, "John—"
"I'm not sure this counts," Sherlock muses, and John's eyes fly open.
, to put his hands in him, to pet every soft secret crook and hollow of him as he had done an eon ago last month, Sherlock lying underneath him whispering,
"No, I mean." Sherlock waves a hand. "Me, I mean."
"Seems it, doesn't it?" John nods. "But he was growing, certainly—he couldn't keep a lab coat that fit for three months together."
: to pull at the little metal ring at the base of his balls, hand on John's wrist and the other on metal and leather: barely—barely touching himself while John plasters his whole body to Sherlock's body and his mouth to his neck with his erection rubbing against Sherlock's little round arse and hand fisted around the slack in the chain, whispering, "And then, and then what'd I do?" as Sherlock gasps, "Just—just slide in naked next to me and, and—and touch me, until—until—"
Sherlock presses their faces together. Their noses bump, side by side. The tip of John's smushed down and flattened, queerly pressed to one side. It makes breathing queerly difficult: wonderful, Sherlock's weight. John's hands have settled on his arse: they find it soothing, unmistakably his. They slide: the dimpled base of his back. Up to the moving white wings of his ribs.
Sherlock doesn't say anything. His breath is loud, for a while. "In 2010," he says, finally, "or."
"—she turned up at the—hang on," says John. "Did you say 'America'?"
Sherlock just grins down at him. "I'm not certain I can be kind to someone," he says, but he
"Mm." Sherlock turns his head back, nuzzling: pressing kisses up John's shoulder, nape. "I enjoyed that."
"An associate, of a sort," Sherlock says, "of Mycroft's." Not looking back. "I—was employed by her, for a time."
"I felt—I feel so out of my depth, sometimes," John admits, quiet. "With you."
. "I'd kill for five weeks," John admits. He is, he finds, half surprised that he means it. The last time John didn't have to go into work for five weeks it was because he was unemployed.
"What?" Snarled—Sherlock. It doesn't ring again.
"It's not all bad," John says.
I think of you."
," Sherlock gasps, at last: "fuck—
: a torrent. Sudden. He forces his breath out in a slow steady stream, teeth unclenching.
Sherlock hesitates, very slightly. "No," he says. "They're American"; and John shifts. "But my Canadian passport was the most legitimate of my Anglophone identities, at the time," Sherlock explains, "so since I expected I'd have to deal with the police..."
—and for an instant John wonders why he doesn't feel Sherlock flooding wet over his fist and his wrist
—and he presses his body down to kiss Sherlock so hard he feels his edges blur—the seams of him, opening—
John licks his bottom lip, and pets his thumb along the edge of one leg hole: "
"No," John says, thick. "No."
"I wanted you," says Sherlock, quiet. "Desperately. All the time."
"Yeah," John gasps.
"Oh, you know." Inhaling, arching into him, slow. "'My parents are away for the weekend, do you want to'—oh," Sherlock gasps, as John licks: "just like that."
John nods. Squeezes the back of his neck; then leaves one hand at rest, and shuffles to the side just enough to reach the conditioner.
"I'm not going to leave, Sherlock," John says, very steadily. "There are—things that I could do and things I—couldn't, things I
"Push your bottoms down," he says, low.
"You might as well put on a picture frame," John says; and Sherlock smirks at him, then rolls his hips in a way that definitely is intended to be lewd but mostly is actually just absurd. "That just draws more attention to what's in it, not less—go," John says, exasperated, "put on some pants," and Sherlock does a complicated and ridiculous sort of hip-jiggle, but he does go over to the chest of drawers to fish out some pants.
"Yeah," John pants, wanting—toes curling into his feet. "Yeah, I—if you want to, I—I—"
Bending over his underwear drawer, John looks up at him. "You know, the precise nature of your occasional forays into pop culture never fail to fascinate me," he says.
; and Sherlock's mouth parts for him cold and sweet like he would part for him sweet like he would hold himself folded-open breathing slow-careful-easy as long as he didn't actually—
"I need to shower," Sherlock says, sounding strangled, and then sidles away 'round the bed and into his en suite, and shuts the door.
"He saved me," Sherlock says, voice low. "He saved my life."
Quiet, then, again. The scrape of the brush. The water spilling into the sink. Though how Tom's sexuality could be related to the murder-suicide of two administrators at a school where he'd only just started John can't possibly see, even with Marianne having taken him under her wing. John doesn't entirely know what he wants to say, or ask, or—
"Christ." He rubs at his mouth. "Christ, you must think I'm a hypocrite," he manages, and then flattens his hand over his mouth.
"You can touch me," Sherlock says, voice rough; and then clears his throat. "You can touch. My, my knickers."
There's a loofah on a string hanging off the corner.
"Well, eggs," John says. Sherlock gives him a look, flat and annoyed. "Bread? Jam? I think we've still got a lemon, if you're thinking about pancakes."
oh—h— "hh—sodding Ch—
Slow John is scrubbing the pads of his fingers against Sherlock's scalp, white with suds to his wrists. He's never before spent any time with a £52 bottle of shampoo. Done, he thinks; his fingertips dragging creamy bubbles down behind the delicate shell of one fair ear, done,
Quietly, Sherlock says, "To you it looks like a grown man took advantage of an emotionally vulnerable child"; and John swallows; and Sherlock shifts back, leaning his hip against the work surface.
"So you want to look after him," George says. John nods. "And he has information that would help you do that, that he doesn't disclose to you?"
John shifts his weight. Clears his throat. "It'd be worth it, I imagine," he says, "for the look on his face." He pauses, but Sherlock doesn't look up. "Don't know why you haven't been lying to him about it all this time, really," John says, light, and Sherlock's throat bobs, swallowing.
John nods. "I think I do," he says, quietly. "Bits, at least." He can't quite fill in the gaps, but he's catching the shadow of it, he thinks.
Sherlock's hands leave him: John shivers. "You've been." Sherlock stops. Hands:
"All right," he says, "so I just screwed some guy you knew"; and Sherlock scrunches his nose up, and then slides back down. Tucking John's tight shoulder underneath his warm cheek.
have orgasms, he hasn't—he hasn't had an orgasm," unsteady, "in twenty years."
Knots up his hands up on the edge of the sink.
—and breathing deep lungs open with Sherlock's hand still stilled, ring-tight—
To this, Sherlock makes no immediate reply. John lets him: he can tell, by now, when something inside Sherlock is brewing: did he always know? When did it come, if not? In the past month? Since the autumn? In those long terrible years of being in between? John doesn't know but he can know to be quiet while he works his way along the underside of Sherlock's lovely model-sharp jaw; in little gentle strokes that cross over the bone, careful and slow.
John pulls himself up, leaning over him, knuckles soft on Sherlock's cheek. Lying with his hair fanning out on John's spare pillow Sherlock looks startled. Almost comically surprised.
"Nothing to be embarrassed about," Sherlock says. "We're friends."
His jaw.
John chews and swallows. "I had no idea you cared this much about olive oil," he says; and Sherlock straightens up in his chair.
She shrugs. "It's got its bright spots, I suppose. I'm not... not working, exactly." She reaches for the bottle; he nods.
Sherlock swallows. "Yes," he says, finally.
"Yeah." Feeling apologetic, John adds, "I've eaten all the other bits out, though."
"They've mostly come in in the morning," Mycroft says. "In Swansea, the smaller shipment was intercepted at half six in the morning, and I'd sent down four of my people and had them watch for a full forty-eight hours on either side, but..." He gives a world-weary, what-can-you-do-about-the-help-these-days sort of a sigh, and then drops his hands back onto the arms of his chair, and fixes John with an expectant gaze.
"Not too sore?" Sherlock asks, and John smiles.
, either, I
When John nods and kneels up Sherlock helps him, hands on his hips. His side. John stands, ungainly, impatient with his body: his hands tangling clumsily with Sherlock's hands: making unnecessary labor of his button, his flies. Sherlock is breathing hard. Red-faced. Wide-eyed. Kneeling down John drags Sherlock's shorts down with his trousers, brushes his palm across the throb of Sherlock's pulse in the top of his foot. On the floor John crouches and Sherlock slides down toward him, sinking into a long wide-kneed sprawl. Pink all over, his long feet. John eases them out of the tangle of his clothes, one at a time. Sherlock's cock is lying flushed almost flat against his belly, satiny and hard: John leans into him, brief-brushing his mouth up along Sherlock's pink-flushed warm knee, the pale-soft inside of his thigh, then puts his flooding mouth open against him as shifting with him, hand over John's hand to guide him, Sherlock lets out a long, wet sigh.
