Sam shifted in his seat for the tenth time in less than five minutes and Bobby had to bite his tongue to prevent himself from yelling at the Omega to sit still and stop being a distraction. Instead he sighed and gripped the steering wheel tighter. He couldn't really blame Sam, they were minutes away from seeing Dean again after months of terrifying separation. Bobby knew his own anxiousness was feeding into his irritation at Sam's incessant wriggling. Jess was doing her best to calm Sam, her hand gripping his as they all sat squashed together on the bench seat in the cab of Bobby's truck.
Tears streamed from Deans eyes as he panted, face down on the bed. Cas had wrung two orgasms out of him already. The second one had seemed to go on forever, making Deans abs ache. Cas had opened him up so slowly, massaging his prostate until he’d come without a drop of spunk coming from his dick. Now he was rimming him, the inside of his ass cheeks burned from Cas’ scruff and he was on the verge of begging as Cas’ long tongue flicked in and out of his hole.
“This feels amazing.” said Jess, as she looked up at Sam, her face full of wonder. “I know. I knew I loved you before, but..wow. This is just so much better than I imagined.” said Sam, his eyes glassy with emotion. “I can feel you, here and here” said Jess, tapping a finger to her temple and then her chest over her heart. “Me too, I'm so glad we didn't wait.” Sam smiled brightly, then he frowned slightly as a stray thought crossed his mind.
Castiel took one last longing look at the scenery before following Uriel.
Sam cringed. “Whoops. Sorry Cas.” he murmured as his own cheeks went pink. He almost ran to the office to book the rooms.
Cas sighed. “He's sleeping, but only for a couple of hours. Then he will come and eat dinner with us and then we will talk.” he rumbled out, reaching for the coffee next to Sam.
“She's all yours, dude.” he said, throwing the key to a dumbfounded Cas.
Sam was asleep in seconds.
Cas nodded. “Yes, It took a little practice, and it helps if the other person is relaxed. My last partner achieved orgasm three times before I did.” Cas said with a hint of pride in his voice.
She walked behind the tarp and then stepped back out, her face stern.
Dean stepped forward and took the mic from Bobby, who nodded and patted him on the shoulder as he stood, giving Dean the chair.
Sam took a shocked breath. “What?!” he said looking stunned.
“I'll kick both your asses if you don't shut up and both at least pretend you are civilised, I know I didn't raise you boys to be so rude in someone else's home.” said John putting his beer back on the table and fixing both brothers with a look.
Charlie sat and listened to the conversation between the Winchesters and Bobby, they bantered and insulted each other, but the love they had for each other was unmistakeable, she felt a tiny pang of jealousy and loss at not having that strong bond with anyone. She curled up on the bench seat of the truck and nervously chewed her nails as she waited for Dean to ask Bobby the question that had her so on edge.
“Me too.” whispered Amy. “Well, sort of. I mean obviously I like... uh...dicks.” The darkness hid her red face as the others huffed with quiet laughter. “But I had nowhere else to go either. The Alpha who got me pregnant was suffering from bond break from his previous Omega. He wouldn't mate me. I had to leave because my father would have... yeah.” she trailed off sadly. “I hope my little boy is okay.” she breathed out a sob.
There were loud gasps as the implications sank in.
“At anything you care to challenge me to.” Cas said, raising his eyebrow and smirking.
“What happened?” Sam asked, just short of a demand.
Cas nodded. “Okay.” he said, stepping closer, his eyes wary. “Then tell me, what do you want me to do?”
I played around with POV and switching scenes back and forth in this chapter, I hope it worked. I don't go into the characters heads too much as I want it to read like an episode. We don't get to see the thought process in canon, and it leaves a lot to interpretation.
“Stay on your front, it’s easier for you, this first time.” Cas murmured. “I won’t hurt you, it’ll be good, I promise.” he said, kissing the side of Deans neck with small feather light kisses.
Bobby relaxed a little and his eyes shone with sympathy for Sam.
“Oh, I thought Dean had gone to bed, has he been there long?” he dropped his voice to a whisper.
Dean gaped. “Oh. That's- You- I'm not sure how I feel about that, if I'm honest.” he stammered out, feeling a little exposed. “So, you notice every little thing, huh?” he said, propping himself up on his elbows and studied the angel.
Putting together a hasty meal of the remainder of his rations, he took his time eating while watching the river, marvelling at the beauty of the canyon.
Dean's heart hurt for Cas. He longed to comfort him and words were not his forte. He'd never felt so inadequate.
“Here, your jacket was kind of ruined with all the blood and stuff. This is...um.. mine, so it should fit you.” he said, with a small smile.
Cas leaned out of the open window of the truck and opened fire on the guards nearest the gate, they twirled and dropped like broken marionettes and Cas ducked back inside the cabin as the guards on the walls began to open fire. Cas had been correct about the night blindness, the guards vision was compromised and they missed every shot.
“I just want to ask him something, real quick.” said Dean.
Dean rushed forward to scoop his son up from the floor and reassure him, but Jack fought him as he was picked up. He thrashed and squirmed as Dean desperately tried to comfort his hysterical son.
His past relationships had all been with Betas, the Omegas in the clan were either related to him or slaves to an Alpha. He shuddered at the thought of raiding a settlement or trading for an Omega. It turned his stomach that the other Alphas in his clan didn't even see Omegas as people. Just a wet hole to fuck and breed. Betas were only just above them in status, being worthless for breeding they were given the donkey work of the clan. His clan didn't raid, but they did trade. They truly thought it was more
A loud whistle cut through the children's squeals and they paused in their assault on the truck.
Dean nodded. “Yeah, I'll take Cas with me to pick up the gear. It'll make it easier to explain what it's for. That okay with you, Cas?” he asked, nudging the angel.
Sam looked up at Dean with a haunted expression. “Jack started asking awkward questions about, uh,
“I'm sorry Hannah. I'm so sorry.” he whispered as he rocked her to and fro, squeezing her tight.
Dean stared at Cas who was looking at the ground again. His back stiff and his fists clenched.
Ellen rolled her eyes and laughed “Cas, it's the laundry room. A bit of water on the floor goes with the territory”
“I talked to my Mom about you. She’s happy about it.” Dean said, loving the way Cas’ expressions were so clear as he smiled happily.
“Uh-oh. Kids gonna blow.” Dean warned, reaching for a pile of napkins in case Jack threw up at the table.
Cas picked up his small backpack and put it on his back, pushing both arms through the straps and frowning at Dean who was trying to suppress a laugh.
“Okay, Sam. You want me to talk? I'll talk. But you had damn well better listen, 'cause I'm only gonna say this once.” he jabbed his brother in the chest with a finger. “Drop the righteous act. I. Owe. You. Nothing.” he growled out.
“Make yourself useful, Sammy. Open the windows for me? Get some airflow in here, so this lot will dry nicely. I don't want it to still be damp tomorrow and start stinkin' up the joint.” said Dean without looking over his shoulder at Sam.
“We're all good, Cas. We miss you too. Sam is being a bitch as always, but no, no signs yet. It'll be a few weeks before we know for sure. The dorm is almost done. It's a little rough, but it's not supposed to be a palace. It'll be done before you get back. Any idea when that'll be?” said Dean, trying hard not to sound excited, under the circumstances it would be disrespectful and selfish.
“Roasting marshmallows on the fire. Oh, and s’mores.” he said, grinning.
Dean nodded. It was the best they could do, for now.
****************
“I know, but it started out as creepy and went downhill from there. Let's just change the subject.” insisted Dean, an annoyed expression on his face. “C'mon, we got shit to do. Start packing up your crap, so we can get goin' while we're still young.” He began to clear away his bedroll.
Balthazar stood to one side, he held a flask of water out ready.
“One, if we need a quick get away, the car is ready to go.” he finally managed to wrestle the wheel around and complete the turn.
The three Winchesters climbed into the car and headed off into the night, none of them bothering to look back.
Jack nodded and wiped his nose on his sleeve. When Daddy put him back down on the floor he ran and jumped on Santa's lap, giggling when Santa let out an “oof” sound just like his Papa did when Jack jumped on his lap.
The sun was beginning to get low in the sky and his bladder was screaming at him now. His kidneys were actually beginning to ache. He reluctantly abandoned his hiding place by crawling backwards and emerging behind the shrub he had been under for most of the day. He made his way to his temporary camp site, only stopping briefly take a well deserved piss. He tried not to make an audible sigh of relief as the pressure on his aching bladder was finally released.
as the Alpha wrapped an arm around Deans waist and pulled him closer, almost into his lap, deepening the kiss as he did so.
Mary turned sideways in her seat. “I’m sensing there’s more. Go on.” she encouraged.
Cas laughed and Dean chuckled as he playfully shoved the Alpha towards the door. “C'mon, daylights burnin'. You are gonna love this, man.” said Dean excitedly.
“Well, we know those ones fit. So I'll grab another set and we'll get out of here, huh?” Dean changed the subject instead and gathered up the discarded clothes, hurriedly putting clothes back on hangers and separating those to keep and discard.
John could see the deer hiding in the undergrowth, it's breath visible in the cold autumn morning air. He slowly moved into position on the platform above the forest floor, mindful of spooking the animal and losing his prey. He lined up his shot, aiming for the spot just below the ear that would finish the animal quickly and cleanly. He took a steadying breath and on the exhale, fired. The deer dropped almost soundlessly, dead instantly. Smaller animals scattered and birds took to the air as the sound of the shot echoed through the forest. John looked over at where Bobby was similarly situated, on another platform further downstream and gave a thumbs up to confirm the kill. Bobby returned the thumbs up and made ready to climb down and help with the carcass. John did the same.
“Catch you later, man. Tell Jess to get a fuckin' move on, will ya? I want this damn thing off my arm asap.” said Dean grumpily.
Dean crawled up the bed and laid back on the pillows with his knees in the air. “I never thought about it to be honest.” he admitted. “But, now I am, and I kinda like the idea. I mean, we have the money, time and space for another kid. How would we even go about it though? Adoption? Surrogacy? It's not like I can pop a kid out, like, ever.” he said, thinking aloud.
Cas looked panicked for a moment but allowed himself to be pulled along and out of the library.
Dean twitched in his sleep and let out a tiny whine causing Cas to frown in concern as Dean's scent began to change, the cinnamon scent taking on a sour note of distress as he began to whimper.
“BOBBY!” Sam almost shrieked in horror, his face burning in embarrassment. Bobby had given up all pretence at being serious and was laughing so hard his chair was shaking alarmingly, the joins squealing in protest.
Sam frowned. “So, I've been thinking, We need to organise some sort of intervention, Dean needs-” he started before Cas cut him off.
Dean frowned. “No, Sam. And anyway, Cas would be able to tell if I was under a spell.” he reminded, his tone clipped.
“There's not much that
“I know, I just wish we’d brought better soda, this is disgusting.” he looked at the can and made a noise of disgust. “Bubblegum flavour? That’s it, Jack is no longer allowed to buy the sodas.” he said holding the can away from himself as if it was contaminated.
“You?” said Dean, frowning.
“I wouldn't dare anyway” Sam laughed “He'd just smack me across the back of the head and call me an idjit”.
Chapter Seventeen.
Seeing a shadow, Dean expected that the Alpha was back again, but looked up to see Sam leaning in the doorway, both hands on either side of the frame.
Dean narrowed his eyes and looked at his son. “Nice try, kiddo. But no. No dogs until you are older.” he said, firmly.
Sam looked stunned. “Jack, that’s amazing. You’re a genius.” he said excitedly.
Cas shrugged. “I have no idea.”
“Should one of us go after him?” wondered Charlie out loud.
Cas rolled his eyes. “
Dean threw the truck into gear and stamped on the accelerator again, switching on the headlights as he did so, the truck twitched and then gripped the dusty ground and shot forward, straight at the now blinded guards firing indiscriminately at the truck.
“It's fine now. I'll need your help to move Cas back into bed in a little while.” said Jess, without looking up.
Successfully adulting - A novel by me.
Dean barely managed to stop his mouth dropping open as he saw the competitive side of Cas rear its head. It was hot to say the least.
When he came to, he was propped up next to Charlie and his right arm was splinted and strapped to his chest. It throbbed with dull agony. He could detect the sour taste of vomit in his mouth and he groaned as he sat up slowly. Charlie was on him in seconds.
****************
As for the attraction, well, it was probably just one of those things. No big deal. So he was crushing on Cas a little bit, so what? He was a good looking guy and they'd been through a lot together. No need to complicate things further by freaking out.
Furious barking came from inside the back of the house as Rumsfeld, Bobby's gigantic Rottweiler was finally alerted to visitors and bounded outside to investigate, still barking. Bobby chuckled, the damn dog had probably been sleeping in front of the wood burning stove in the kitchen again instead of doing his job as a guard dog. Better late than never he supposed as he raised a hand in greeting.
lied to me?” Cas near-screamed in Balthazars face, before stepping back to begin pacing again.
“You didn’t correct him when he assumed we were a couple.” Cas said quietly, looking down at his feet.
Dean looked uncomfortable. “I mean, I don't like asking you to use your mojo for that shit, you only have so much, and it feels like I'm using you.” he said, shrinking in on himself as he spoke and not meeting Cas' eyes.
Instead, he called out softly “Alfie, it's okay. Wake up, Alfie”. The young Alpha started awake, his eyes huge with fear before focussing on Castiel and Balthazar. His breath caught and the relief on his face was visible. Castiel couldn't wait any more and swept the younger man into a crushing hug. Alfie began to sob and both Castiel and Balthazar had tears in their eyes.
Dean shrugged. “Do we? Seems like every time we put down one apocalypse, the next one pops up. I’m tired Sam. Why’s it always gotta be us that fixes it, huh? I just need a minute to breath, dammit.” he gritted out bitterly.
“Jess, we can't understand you. What's going on?” shouted Sam, utterly bemused at Jess with her uncharacteristic excitement.
Papa had told him that he had to be a good boy or Santa would leave coal in his stocking. Jack didn't know what coal was, but it didn't sound as good as Lego's or a bike. Jack really hoped that Santa brought him a bike. Now he was four and a big boy, Daddy had said he was old enough to get a bike like the one Papa rode to work on. Jack had promised he wouldn't touch Papa's bike again after the chain had pinched his finger when he played with it. It had hurt a lot and there had been blood and Jack had cried when Daddy yelled at Papa for leaving his bike in the foyer. Papa had been very upset too, he had put a bandage on Jacks finger and snuggled him tight until they both stopped crying. Daddy had kissed them both better and made hot chocolate with whipped cream and sprinkles and they had all snuggled under a blanket on the couch and watched a movie.
“You've been talking to Claire, she always fills your head with this crap!” Dean burst out, his fury evident by his red face and his gritted teeth.
Sam nodded. “Yeah, up until we found the bunker, he was the go to for obscure references and knowledge.” he agreed. “I was thinking that maybe I could do that. Be like Bobby, I mean. The bunker is there, the knowledge is just sitting there collecting dust. I could put it to use, retire from active hunting and just be a consultant.” he said with a shrug.
His eyes lit up from a sudden burst of inspiration. “We make it up as we go.” he grinned.
The man grinned. “When you goin'?”
“I like her.” whispered Dean to Sam as Sam looked proudly at his Alpha.
as the angel pulled him in and gave him a rib-crushing hug.
me. The sooner he can override his instincts, the sooner he can get back in bed and off the floor. He doesn't want this, it's
He would eventually pass out again though, and Ellen, who had taken it upon herself to nurse him as well as Jo, would gently check his wound and bathe the sweat from his body. When he woke up confused, she would sooth him and try to keep him calm and prevent him from hurting himself.
Dean was on the verge of tears himself. He knew that he was attracted to Cas, however much of a shock that was, Cas' confession was an even bigger one.
“Do you want this?” Cas asked, running a hand up the inside of Dean’s thigh and up over the curve of his ass, giving it a squeeze as he pulled his fingers out.
“When Balthazar told me you were alive, I hardly let myself believe it! I needed to see you for myself to know for sure. Now you're here! You're here and you're alive!” she babbled as she clung to him.
“A what now?” Dean said, turning his whole body around to look at Jack.
If you have a pet, go hug them for me. Love on them as much as you can for as long as you can.
Dean whined. “You don't get it, Cas. They've all been teasing me about my little crush on you. If they saw us, they're gonna be unbearable.” he folded his arms crossly.
“No, you crazy bastards, we are not okay!” squealed Charlie.
“I'll explain once I get us out of here.” Castiel stopped suddenly “Wait, you said 'us Omegas', you're not the only one here? There are more of you?” he looked at Dean worriedly.
Bobby led the way in his truck. Dean, Cas and Jo were laid out carefully in the back, Jess up front with Bobby, whilst Sam drove the other truck with the rest of the group following behind. Sam and Bobby keeping each other updated on their passengers by the radios in each truck.
Charlie looked sympathetic and pressed herself against Deans side until he threw an arm around her shoulder and hugged her to him. “Yeah, the timing sucks. He's gonna leave in a week or so and you'll be in heat for most of that and won't see him.” she said sadly
Dean shook his head. “No! No, I’ll be honest. Being jealous didn’t even cross my mind. Well, not in the way you’re thinking anyway. Besides, I asked. But holy fuck, dude. That sounds...” he trailed off, momentarily lost for words.
“She took a kick to the head, she's awake now. But she has a pretty bad concussion. She's seein' double, blowin' chunks, the works.” said Charlie, who was looking pretty green herself.
Castiel considered fleeing before he was discovered, but the voice sounded so broken. He hesitated just long enough to register the scent of distressed Omega coming from the well shaft. It kicked his protective Alpha instincts into overdrive and the next thing he knew he was whispering into the well to the trapped Omega
“If you wish, but it will be a long conversation and not one I wish to have right now.” said Cas, the anger had drained out of him and he looked tired.
Dean smiled and began smoothing the blankets distractedly, tucking the Alpha in snugly, prompting Cas to immediately wreck them by pulling his arms free. Neither commented on the silent battle over the blankets as Dean replied “We're still a couple of hours out from Bobby's. There used to be a city here, some place called Sioux falls, been flooded a couple of hundred years or so now though.” He began arranging the blankets around the Alpha again, making Cas huff in irritation as he once again pulled his arms free and swatted at Dean's hands as he automatically tried to straighten the blankets again.
“The others...they...oh god.” stammered Alfie, as Castiel tried to sooth him. “We know, we saw. How did you get away?” said Castiel gently, letting Alfie go and kneeling on the ground next to him.
Dean sagged in defeat, the anger bled out of him and he looked sad. “Did he really kill your parents?” he said softly.
Cas smiled fondly at the tipsy Omega sprawled in the chair. “I'll try not to take offence at that.” he said dryly, and picking up his book.
Mary opened the door to her motel room, smiling as she greeted all of her boys. “Hey, boys. I thought you’d have been here a while ago, everything alright?” she asked, only slightly concerned. She did a double take at Castiel’s clothes, but said nothing, merely raised a curious eyebrow and looked at Dean who shrugged.
Gordon stepped closer and ran his hand over the bench that Dean had just finished. “You do good work.” he said, stepping even closer to Dean, who stepped back and reached for the broom, clearly uncomfortable.
“Is...everyone...okay?” he panted out.
Dean nodded, taking one of the meat skewers and blowing on it, cooling it enough before biting into the meat with gusto. With his mouth full he finally answered “Yeah, a bath sounds good right now, we're gonna all be up close and personal in the truck for a couple more days, might be better not to smell bad. I'll go down to the river once you come back.”
Cas looked devastated. “A month? I can't stay for a month! That's ridiculous. I have to get back to my clan. They need me! I can stay a week at most.” he said desperately.
Cas looked helpless and Dean took pity on him. “C'mon. I'll help you choose.” he said, gently pushing the angel towards the rails that were jam packed with flannel, jeans and wind-breakers of all colours and sizes.
“Thank you.” Cas said, sounding frustrated. “One pair of jeans didn't fit me, but I can't get them back on the hanger.”
Benny looked uncomfortable, and slightly hesitant. “I uh... I actually have something I wanted to talk to you about.” he said, quietly.
Cas actually chuckled at that.
Dean was even more confused “So you're not here to rescue us Omegas?” he said, perplexed. “What the actual fuck are you even doing here, man?”
Dean and Sam stripped off their t-shirts, and grinned at each other, the unspoken challenge written on both their faces.
“You're good with him.” said Benny, with a grin.
Dean frowned. “Isn't he your best friend?”
Jack nodded and began walking in the opposite direction, taking himself out of earshot.
The sun had now completely set and there was no moon in the clear sky, the stars put on a dazzling display as the remainder of the group settled in around the fire, content to enjoy the quiet of the night.
Castiel smiled. “I'm real, I promise. Do you think you can show me where your friends are?”
Ellen approached with a handful of sticks the length of Deans forearm and several strips that looked to have ripped from the bottom of her long skirt. A skirt that was now significantly shorter.
By the time they parked the truck outside of the barn, Cas looked exhausted but elated. “That was the most fun I've ever had.” he stated, with a huge grin.
Cas nodded. “You want to look at the rest of my reports. Correct?” he said questioningly.
“Dear boy, you couldn't have done anything. From what we saw, you would have just ended up the same way as those other poor bastards. You did the right thing.” stated Balthazar, surprising Castiel. “He's right, Alfie. You couldn't have done anything.” said Castiel, grateful for Balthazars bluntness for once.
Hearing footsteps in the doorway, Cas looked up to see Benny rolling his eyes and calling back towards the kitchen. “I found him, looks like he decided to keep Cas company.”
“That's kinda why I'm scared, because I do feel something for you. You are everything I ever wanted, I just never thought I'd get to have it. We're in the same boat, I guess.” he said, his voice dropping to a whisper.
“I’ll hold you to that.” she said, smiling as she saw Deans hand still on Cas’ knee.
“You don’t want to go back to heaven? Won’t you get bored?” Dean asked anxiously.
“I need to check out that arm. I sure Benny and Ellen did a good job, but I'd like to check it all the same. I want to unstrap it from your chest anyway. It's fine for the first day, but your arm will stiffen up and that will really hurt.” said Jess, now standing in front of Dean with her hands out ready to begin unwrapping his arm, just waiting for his go-ahead. Dean nodded and sat up straight to make it easier for her to reach.
“Cool, I’ll just dump my bag in my room and we’ll head out, okay?” Dean said, throwing an arm around her shoulder and grinning as they left the room.
Dean thought back over what had been said and he realised where it had all gone wrong. He might have to make a small confession after all.
“I got Sam here now, Dean. I think he wants to talk to you” chuckled Garth into the mic.
Dean looked relieved. “Thanks, Sammy. For y'know, everything.” he said gratefully.
Sam swam up to the side of the pool and rested his arms on the lip. “No, there’s a ladder just over there, Jack, look.” he said pointing to the corner of the pool at the shallow end. “I’ll swim over and meet you there.” he said, kicking off the side, his huge arms pulling him through the water smoothly.
Cas had no answer.
Dean tried not to think too hard on the fact he missed contact with the Alpha and gave what he hoped was a reassuring smile. “We're good, Cas. You were protecting me, not hurting me. I guess you're still determined to be my rescuer, huh?” he said, weakly.
I'm loving that people are still reading this, thank you for your comments and kudos. They keep me going when I feel like giving up. My poor, fragile ego needs constant validation or it turns on me like a wild animal.
“Okay, it's gone.” said Dean, hurriedly kicking dirt over it to get it out of sight.
Balthazar cringed. “Yes, stupid question. I meant are you okay to hear the rest?”
Balthazar snorted and Castiel gave him a dirty look but Balthazar was unabashed.
Whatever Michael did next, Uriel would have to report to his contact with Lucifers clan. Alfie and Balthazar were to closely watch Uriel and identify the contact and anyone else he had subverted inside Michaels clan. Castiel insisted they must not give themselves away, or reveal that Castiel was alive. They would expose Uriels betrayal and any of the others he had subverted when Castiel was ready to make a miraculous return from the dead with the proof of his duplicity.
Dean has a much needed talk with his mother and receives some wise advice. Sam wishes he was an only child. Mary meddles behind the scenes. And Cas gets his man.
Dean slid off the bed and stood then began to empty the duffel bags and repack them neatly, folding each item carefully, silently fuming and looking over at Sam every few seconds, waiting for the frustration to fade and reason to seep in. It always did. The silence in the room only broken by the rustle of fabric as Dean continued folding and packing.
The next few days were spent exploring, fishing and bonding in a way the men had never done before. Without the constant threat of danger hanging over them, they relaxed and enjoyed themselves.
This chapter gave me a little emotional whiplash. I can't wait to get the next chapters out, because you are going to LOVE what is coming up. When I finally get to Castiel's backstory (already planned out), there are going to be some major surprises. *ominous music*
“How do you know where everything goes?” Dean wondered aloud.
Chapter three is here! Dean is a mess and struggles to come to terms with everything. Sam helps him to figure a few things out, because that man is a saint. Jack is too enthusiastic in the mornings.
Sam looked in Deans open bedroom door, seeing Dean sitting up on his bed drinking whiskey straight from the bottle.
Cas looked alarmed. Instinctively reaching to pull Dean in for a hug, he checked himself before he completed the manoeuvre and awkwardly patted Dean on the arm instead. The uncharacteristic clumsiness did not go unnoticed and Dean gave Cas a dirty look as he cringed.
“Are you alright?” he said nervously.
“SHHHH!” came the reply, “Be quiet, or we'll be discovered.” the voice was deep and gravelly, and very obviously not one of Alistair's men. His heart skipped a beat when he had the thought that maybe Bobby had sent someone to get him out.
Sam cleared his throat in the doorway to announce his presence as Bobby stepped up behind him.
“With all four of us? One of us an angel with super strength? Two. Only because we should set up the camp before coming back for the food. Did you remember the bear bags?” Sam asked.
“I guess this is it.” he mumbled, refusing to meet Cas' eyes.
“Oh, a bath! Dibs on the first one! I feel like I've been dirty forever and I smell like a peasant.” groaned Charlie, settling in to her bed.
“Looks like we managed to scar him for life after all.” he said regretfully, still swaying and rubbing his sons back.
“Of course it would be the sugar.” Dean chuckled. Cas just rolled his eyes.
Sam shrugged. “Both? Look, you aren’t the only one burned out. I’m pretty much done too. But I can’t walk away entirely. This way I could have it all. I’ll still be helping people, but in a way that means I can have a life too.” he said, smiling.
“Fuck, I want-” Dean panted. Cas kissed up his spine, nipping at his shoulders. The bastard was still fully clothed and Dean could feel Cas’ tented jeans pressing into the back of his leg.
Dean relaxed slightly, he met Castiels eyes and saw the truth in them. “How are you for real, man?” he said, amazed.
Dean grinned. “Hell yeah, they have like fifty different flavours of ice-cream then there’s the toppings, sauces and waffle cone vs bowl. It’s like paradise for people with a sweet tooth.” he said enthusiastically.
I had fun writing this chapter. I can't decide what made me laugh more, Cas making a hipster burger at camp, Dean having a Mr Darcy moment a la Pride and Prejudice, or Charlie and Jo messing with Dean.
“There's more? How can there possibly be more? What am I saying? Of-fucking-course there's more.” said Cas, he looked exhausted.
Bobby sagged in the chair. “Balls!” he growled into the mic. “Okay, I guess we'd better start workin' on plan B. I take it after you kill that son of a bitch, you'll be headin' back here?” he questioned.
“Come on, Ellen's making lunch. Although, you should probably take a bath first. Where you that desperate to hide from me that you camouflaged yourself as part of the forest?” Sam joked.
“I'm Jake, and I'm happy to help ya. So, you gonna be doin' any fishin' on this trip? I got a sale on rods and tackle at the moment.” he offered.
“Okay, someday soon then.” Cas promised.
Yes, Dean and Cas finally meet. I felt this momentous occasion deserved a huge chapter, just over 6000 words.
“She's pretty awesome.” said Sam dreamily.
Jo spoke up, her voice uncharacteristically soft and leaned over to squeeze Amy's knee through the cotton pants they all wore. “I lived at with my parents at the Roadhouse my whole life. Now it's gone, my dad is gone, but I'm willing to bet my mom is still nearby. There is no way she would leave the survivors to struggle, I can guarantee that she is looking after Amy's little boy. She'll be prepared to raise him as if he were her own. He's safe, Amy, I promise you. You know how it is, kids are precious. No-one would hurt him. There was probably a fight over who would get to look after him. Look, I don't know where we will go after we find them, but I do know you'll be welcome to join us. My mom wouldn't have it otherwise.”
Cas smiled. “Flowers are acceptable.” he agreed.
“I believe so. If I'm honest, it's a little overwhelming to say the least. I'm at a loss of what to say.” said Cas, releasing her and looking around nervously.
He figured the starry eyed looks at each other and blushing this morning meant one thing, they had finally 'tied the knot' so to speak. He smiled into his beard as he remembered it had been the same with his mate, Karen. He couldn't be happier for them, Jess was a good Alpha, and perfect for Sam. After everything they had all been through, it seemed right that some good had come out of it.
“What, man? What is it?” said Dean, his eyes wide and his posture stiff.
“They're in trouble, they ran into bandits on the way here.” said Garth, his usual smile missing and a worried expression in it's place.
**************
around here. It'd do him good to make some friends. Especially a couple of nice fellas like yourselves.” she said, squeezing Deans hand.
*trips and injures self*  Well, shit.
“Boy, I ain't reached the ripe old age of never-you-mind without knowin' a trick or two. No such thing as too much when it comes to weapons. Now, I believe the words yer lookin' for are 'thank you Bobby'.” the older Alpha snapped as he climbed back down from the truck.
Dean rolled Cas until he was on his back and took his cock in his hand, pumping it and flicking his thumb over the head.
Bobby's gruff voice crackled out of the radio.
Jack looked disappointed as Dean nodded. “Yeah, sorry little man. It's way past bedtime for reindeer and little boys. It's even bedtime for Daddies and Papa's. But the good news is, you will probably sleep in a little later tomorrow. Maybe even past six am.” he joked as he dropped a kiss onto his sons head.
THIS IS THE ONE YOU HAVE ALL BEEN WAITING FOR!
“Your mama was the sweetest person I ever met. She was so kind and gentle, but no pushover either. One day, I clear forgot to lock the back gate and the goats got in and destroyed her herb garden. She relied on those herbs to make medicines. Including some kind of tea to sooth morning sickness, she was pregnant with you, Dean.” said John, gesturing at Dean with the beer in his hand. “Those goats tore up everything they didn't eat, she was furious.” He grimaced and continued “I might have gotten away with a tongue lashing, but she looked so damn cute when she was angry, I couldn't help myself and got this big goofy grin on my face.”
“Uh, uh. Get your own, angel. This is mine.” he laughed as Cas pouted.
“So, you realised
“Will you die?” Dean asked, worriedly.
“I am quite hungry.” said Cas, nodding. Benny grins and leaves the room, reappearing with two plates piled high with food.
****************
I'm sorry the updates are slow, this is a work in progress and sometimes real life gets in the way.
Dean sat back, wiping at his face and looking defeated. “I dunno, man. But, I think I need a break.” he admitted reluctantly, not meeting the eyes of either of the other men. He suddenly looked older than his forty years, hollowed out somehow.
“When I said you can't come with me, I didn't say it to be petty. I actually have a lot of respect for the way you are trying to turn your life around. Which is why I have to decline your offer to come with me.” said Cas, coldly.
Dean shrugged bashfully. “Cas, you're fucking gorgeous, alright? Honestly, that's not the part that's tripping me up. It's the fact you're my best friend.” he said, pushing his hands into his pockets.
Bursting through the door before stopping dead in the middle of the den, Jack stood wide eyed and open mouthed at the scene. Santa stood in the den holding a half eaten cookie and a half drunk glass of milk, the carrots for the reindeer were stuffed in his pockets and there were lots of presents under the tree. Jack thought there might be a million of them or even more, he wasn't sure. Jack could count to twenty at kindergarten, and this looked like more than that, so it was probably a million.
“Don't be embarrassed, Dean. If I told you that I've had a crush on you too, would that make you feel better?” he said, softly, hugging the Omega into his side, Deans head resting on his shoulder.
“Yeah, I got a nap in yesterday, and it's not like I can do much else with my arm like this, so I wasn't exactly tired. I thought I'd let everyone sleep, you guys worked hard last night.” Dean whispered back, checking the time on the pocketwatch that he'd left lying on Castiels chest, it was easier to leave it there because of only having one working arm.
Eventually Sam sighed deeply and tucked his long hair behind his ears, letting the tension out of his posture and turning to face Dean, shamefaced.
Dean looked agonised and he slumped down in the chair with a whine and even stomped his foot.
“I need to- please let me go, Dean. I can't-” Cas was the most distressed Dean had ever seen him.
Dean blushed scarlet and Ellen dashed out of the room laughing as soon as Cas turned around looking confused.
“C'mon man, I didn't survive raiders and bandits just to get hugged to death by a moose.” joked Dean, through fresh tears. “I missed you too, bitch.”
“That's just one of the perks” she smiled as Sam waved back “Now, shush and let's get bundled under these blankets so we can keep my patient warm.”
It was pretty similar to his own. Both in size and appearance, although he wasn’t cut like Dean was. His pubic hair was neatly trimmed and his balls heavy, he felt it twitch in his hand and almost let go in surprise.
“Ready! Set!” the whistle blew and Dean and Cas kicked off from the opposite end of the pool, both swimmers powering through the water with very little splashing.
Sam’s mouth dropped open in surprise and Cas looked proud. Jack beamed in delight at the thought of ice-cream.
There was a flash of irritation across Gordon's face, but the grin was back so fast Dean thought he'd imagined it.
They broke apart, both flushed, Cas held Deans hand in his own. “Thank you, Dean. No-one has
The Alphas would be sharing Sam's old room upstairs and the Omegas took over the panic room in the basement. Ellen had looked over it with a critical eye before reluctantly giving Bobby a thumbs up. Dean still had his own room and Garth had merely dusted and put fresh sheets on the bed.
He didn't think he could take seeing Sam or Cas flinch when he lost his temper or the look in either of their eyes when he spewed the poisonous vitriol that horrified him when he calmed down enough to actually think about what he had done and said. He was tired of the facade of
Dean frowned. “What? What are you talking about?” Dean said, his mind spinning from the last few minutes. “Will you just wait a minute? Jesus, Cas. I'm flailing here.” he sagged against the drivers side door of the truck.
“What did I do now?” Dean sighed, sitting up from where he had been sprawled on the other bed, one arm over his eyes to block out the harsh afternoon sunlight streaming in the single window of the room in the abandoned motel in Ohio.
“Nothin' good, brother.” the big Alpha whispered sadly, shaking his head.
“Have I upset you?” Cas asked, noticing the way Deans mouth twisted.
He was just starting to seriously worry when Dean suddenly dropped down next to him, with a huge grin on his face and holding up a handful of wires in his fist. “I figured we'd steal this truck” said Dean, pointing to the truck they were currently hiding behind. “But I cut the wires to the starter on the other truck, took a length of it to make sure they can't hot wire it. They won't be able to follow us.”
Sam chuckled. “Try not to blow a gasket. I'm here if you wanna talk.” he said, standing up. He eyed the whiskey bottle on the desk and picked it up. “No more of this stuff tonight. If you can't sleep, read a book that doesn't have pictures.” he said, gesturing to the stack of graphic novels on the night table.
“It's called a Winnebago, and it's a squeeze but it has it's surprises.” said Gabe, who seemed to appear from nowhere and miraculously unencumbered by children. He had a smile on his face, but he looked nervous.
Everyone stood up to greet Claire as she came down the curved steps. Hugs were exchanged and Dean let out a soft ‘oof’ as Claire slapped him on the stomach as she passed him to hug Mary.
Sam shook his head. “Not if he was spelled as well. It would have to be a powerful witch to do it, but it can be done.” he said with a shrug.
“Bobby, you already gave me a rifle and a crossbow and almost all of the ammunition you had. There are more weapons hidden in this truck than in most settlements. It's too much.” said Cas patiently.
Dean's breath hitched slightly and he pulled himself away to look Cas in the eye.
“Now who might you be, chief?” the large Alpha drawled, looking unconcerned, despite the fact he had a shotgun pointed at him.
Jess stifled a laugh “Used to Sam, I take it? Because, damn. That guy could wake the dead. The first time we slept in the same room, I thought one of the animals had got in the house.”
Sam looked proud at his brother for asking for help. He wisely said nothing, instead he dragged the last meatball through the sauce and chewed it thoughtfully.
Cas sighed. “Sam, may we use your room for some privacy? I think this might be the time for the
“You little shit.” Dean hissed out, embarrassed but a little proud as well. Mostly he wished he’d thought of it first.
Garth's face split into a big goofy grin and said “If you can design this, why ain't y'all livin' in a better house?”
Santa sat down in Papa's favourite chair and patted his lap. “Sure, come on Jack, You can tell me how you and Daddy made the cookies for me.” he said encouragingly.
Balthazar looked sick. “Uh, there is something else I have to tell you, and I don't think you are going to like it very much.”
Real life got in the way of writing AGAIN. I live just off the beach, and every summer family from all over the country descend on us for a visit. I probably sound like I'm complaining, but I'm not. It gives me an excuse to go out to posh bistros, visit art galleries and some of the many, many castles and palaces that are in this part of the country, and  most of all, nerd out with my extremely cool 13 yr old nephew, whom I adore. So I've actually had a pretty good time.
Cas lifted his arm and landed an upside down kiss on his husbands brow. “No idea, kindergarten? Or one of those Christmas movies you two have watched perhaps? It's not a terrible idea though, what do you think?” asked Cas, trying to sound nonchalant but the slight crack in his voice gave him away.
He pulled on his canvas jacket and indicated to Sam that he was going to see what was holding Cas up. Sam gave him a dorky thumbs up and went back to co-ordinating with Jack.
Dean swung his legs over the side of the bed and stretched again. “Yeah, we talked till almost two am. I think I crashed halfway through a sentence.” Dean said, taking the coffee Cas offered him gratefully. “Thanks, Cas.”
Jack beamed as he scrambled out of the tent and sat near Sam who threw his arm around Jack shoulder. “I also had an idea for a net that can trap ghosts.” he said, a little more confidently. “And a demon trap that you can roll out and reuse.”
Dean gave a look of mock offence. “Hey, I can be romantic. I’ll romance the shit out of you.” he said, laughing.
Cas finished loading the last of his belongings into the under-seat storage in the truck. He turned around to find Bobby standing behind him with a sawn-off shotgun, his expression was unreadable.
“How did..” Alistair started, but never got to finish as the door suddenly banged shut behind him revealing his rescuer who had been hiding behind it.
“What? You’d do that?” Dean panted, totally shocked.
The Alphas watched her go and waited in silence as she scrambled out of sight only to reappear a minute or so later with Dean shuffling behind her.
“Well, I guess that answers my question. You must be Bobby.” said the large Alpha, nodding at the red haired Omega, who dropped the gun. “Sorry chief, can't be too careful after what happened, y'know? I'm Benny, this is Charlie. Dean is this way.” he pointed towards a rock outcropping about 30ft away.
Cas nodded. “That’s probably it.” he agreed, taking the lifeline Dean had thrown him.
“Oh, Dean. It’s okay.” Cas said, sympathetically. “Hang on, beloved.”
“Not everyone, no. Up until my brother Michael became the clan Alpha, no-one did. It's why my brother Gabriel left, he argued against it for years, until one day he just couldn't take it anymore and told us he was leaving. I was angry at him for giving up and abandoning us for a long time, but I understand how he felt now. I won't remain in the clan after the war. I'll take Hannah with me, once I find somewhere to go. Maybe we'll even go looking for Gabriel.”said Cas, softly.
Cas grimaced and nodded. “Yes, but it was worth it.” he smiled back. “Was it too much for you?” he asked, a slight hint of nervousness in his tone.
“I should shower, but I’ll wait until I’ve had coffee. I always need to poop straight after I’ve had my first cup, might as well wait if I don’t have to fight Sam for it.” Dean said, yawning.
“I'm not sure who is the bigger kid out of those two.” she said to Amy, who smiled shyly.
During their late night chats when Sam was recovering, the group had discussed what was necessary for a clan to function. Jess, being a medic had argued for a clinic. Bobby had suggested a town hall, to hold meetings and settle grievances. Sam had later suggested a library/school. With lessons being split 50/50 with both academic skills and practical skills. That way the whole settlement could have a hand in teaching the children valuable life skills. The list went on, and Bobby had taken everything into account, pouring his heart and soul into planning a working settlement.
“Nah, we weren’t going fast, just started pulling on the wheel a bit so we pulled over, went completely flat after we stopped.” Dean explained.
“You’d look pretty cute with a beard.” Dean agreed, his breath hitching as Cas’ finger wandered over his chest, circling a nipple.
“You’re a fucking pig.” Sam scowled at his brother, who waggled his eyebrows and grinned, showing the food in his mouth.
“You- Are you-” Cas stammered, holding Dean by the elbows.
“Go fish.” Dean said, picking up a slice of pizza and frowning when half of the cheese slid off, taking most of the toppings with it. “Damn it. I need two hands for this pizza.”
Dean looked at him like he’d gone mad. “Is that what you think? That I’m under a spell? Like Famine or something?” he asked, his tone hard and cold.
Dean gasped as Cas lifted him into his lap without pulling out, almost bringing the comforter with him, his grip on it was so tight.
Dean nodded sadly. “Sorry man. That sounds fuckin' awful. At least I just have the one to deal with. I dunno how I'd feel if it was a whole clan.” he slumped sideways, blinking slowly. “So, oh wise Alpha. What should I do about Sam? I gotta do something, or I'm gonna end up punching him and he's got an Alpha now who'll probably kick my ass.” he grinned.
Dean grinned. “Spear fishing? Cool.” he said, sipping the soda and grimacing. “Urgh, When am I allowed to drink one of those beers?” he asked no-one in particular.
Jack gave his Daddy an indignant look. “I can do it myself, Daddy. I'm four now, you know. I'm not a baby anymore.” he said grumpily. He climbed down from Santa's lap and headed for the bathroom. He paused at the door and looked back. “Hey, Santa. Don't go nowhere just yet, okay? I wanna say goodnight.” he asked, his wide blue eyes were pleading.
**************
Enjoy the fluff while it lasts, because there are some heavy chapters to come as the main storyline picks up.
“Jody puts us on a shower rota at her house, with a time limit. She says there are too many people and only one bathroom for us to stay in there too long. She says we have to respect the others living with us and we are not allowed to masturbate in the shower because that is disrespectful. We are supposed to do it in our rooms, with the door closed.” Jack said, completely straight faced.
Cas gave him an unimpressed look. “You are not my authority figure, therefore I cannot 'sass' you. I am merely using my hard earned free will to call it as I see it. You seem hell bent on suffering needlessly to maintain your masculine image. Suffering is not a masculine trait, but it is an unnecessary and idiotic one.” he snapped.
“The red ones?” said Cas, a little breathlessly as he ran his hands over Deans hips.
As he ran towards the door, Daddy stopped him.
“What? Sam what's wrong? I can feel when you are worried about something, tell me. Please?” said Jess, sounding almost desperate to help her Omega, like it was causing her physical pain that Sam was unhappy about something.
“Put our things in the room Jack. I’ll join you in a moment, we’ll watch some cartoons together.” Cas promised.
“There! I can see the truck!” Sam almost shouted as they rounded a bend in the tree-lined road.
Cas smiled softly. “Yeah, it's me, I'm sorry we scared you, little one.” he said, lifting the tired little boy from his husbands arms. He pulled him close and rocked him gently, rubbing Jacks back until the little hitched breaths began to settle.
“Dean, stop acting like an animal.” Mary scolded.
“Shit! Cas we need to get that gate open!” shouted Dean, wrestling the wheel as he skidded to a stop just in front of the gate. He threw open the door of the truck as Cas did the same on his side and they both heaved at the bolts holding the gate closed, pushing it open they ducked when the guards the other side of the gate lifted their rifles and started firing. They fled back to the truck and Dean opened the drivers side door, ducking down behind it, while Cas simply threw himself through the open window.
“Look, I know we don't get along, chief. But I think we can be grown ups and put it aside...” started Benny
“I got put on latrine duty, I was digging a pit a little outside camp when I heard shouting” began Alfie.
“I'm gonna need your help to get this boy comfortable. You do what I say, when I say it. No more, no less. One wrong move and I shoot you dead. You're just lucky I haven't shot you yet.” her voice was cold.
“I bet that feels better, huh?” she grinned and Cas nodded. “Yes. Thank you, you have no idea.” he said gratefully.
“Not really, Dean. Cas didn't owe us anything. Didn't you say the same thing to me a few days ago?” said Sam pointedly. Dean glared at him.
From the witness's he had questioned, the raids were carried out with military precision. Sentries killed before an alarm could be raised, only select items of value were taken. Even the food stores were not stripped completely. Only the homes of those with new Omegas were raided, only those who resisted were killed. The raiders took great pains to cover their tracks, even resorting to taking their dead with them, or killing themselves if captured, before they could be questioned.
Reluctantly, Dean switched off the string lights and the tree plunging the room into near darkness, lit only by the light in the hallway leading to the bedrooms. He did one last sweep to make sure the house was secure and headed off to Jacks bedroom.
Hearing the radio crackle to life, he frowned, wondering who it could be.
Dean caught up to the truck and stood on tip toes, kissing Cas quickly before whispering
Deans face darkened and his eyes narrowed in anger.
“I got blindfolded and taken to meet him. It's in these ruins of some big house and I'm searched for weapons, which I expected. They take 'em all, except the knife I hid in the lining of my jacket. I get told to wait in this room and I'm bidin' my time, when who should walk in, but Andrea.”
“Before the apocalypse. The first one, anyway. My superiors discovered my feelings about you before I could even identify them properly. I was dragged back to heaven and- Well, reprogrammed.” Cas said bitterly.
“Go fish.” Jack said, squinting at his cards.
“Ohhh, you are gonna pay, Samantha. You won't need an Alpha anytime soon, 'cause the next thing going in your ass, is my foot” said Dean, as he made another unsuccessful grab for his brother.
Cas pulled the shirt off his head, his hair sticking up wildly. “That was fun. What shall we do next?”
“Thanks dude” Sam's sleepy voice barely carried through the door “I'll be right down”
The look that came over Cas’s face was nothing short of wondrous. “Oh, I- I love you too.” he stammered out. He clearly hadn’t expected Dean to ever say it.
The cop whistled. “That’s some luck. I would’a lost money on that bet. Where y’all comin’ from?” he asked, dabbing at his face and head again with the handkerchief.
Cas smiled fondly. “That's fine. I'd better call Jack and tell him what's going on. I'll drive over to Jody's tomorrow night to get him. We'll be back by the following morning.”
It was one of the happiest days of his life, even if Sammy still ragged on him about his manly fainting fit and the tears that came after, whatever. It's not like Sam didn't turn on the waterworks at the wedding, the big moose cried throughout the ceremony, not even manly tears but big gasping sobs that drowned out the vows that he and Cas had worked on for weeks. The jerk.
“No problem, kid. It was Cas’ idea really. I just rolled with it.” Dean said, looking over at Cas who was smiling at Jacks excitement.
“I estimate two days journey, three at most. There are places we should avoid. Once we can find some shelter for tonight, we'll firm up a plan then. Everyone ok with that?” said Cas looking around at everyone as they all nodded in agreement.
“I wanted to die, my whole family was gone. My future. But I wanted to kill the bastards who took it away from me first. So, I went lookin'” he sat forward and adjusted the meat cooking over the embers.
“The guy is a total dork, goes overboard on the hugs and keeps trying to cheer me up with a sock puppet” said Sam, chuckling “But yeah, he does kinda grow on you.”
Dean brightened immediately, as Sam had intended.
“He's a damn genius.” he said grudgingly, rubbing his temples in frustration “He could be anywhere in there, the river will obviously be watched, so approach by boat will be impossible and searching on foot will take months, even if the scouts aren't discovered” Michael said bitterly as he sagged and dropped into the nearest chair.
Cas looked at him incredulously. “You will?” he asked.
Dean shook his head with out looking up. “Not just yet. Need to process first. Maybe after coffee.” he said, wrapping his arms around Cas’ waist and pressing against him, craving comfort. Cas was only too willing to provide it.
“Do we let him stay though and start over with us? Or send him on his way?” said Dean, he looked uncomfortable.
Dean burst out laughing.
“How are you feeling? You're a little warm.” said Cas, lifting Dean's head up and checking his temperature with the back of his hand.
Cas looked uncharacteristically shy as he wrapped the leftover cheese. “It's not my recipe as such. I sometimes watch the food network with Jack, I find it soothing.” he said, putting the cheese into the fridge.
“I had to prove myself, take part in attacks. It turned my stomach when I saw first hand the things they did. But I needed to do it, so I could get close to the old man in charge. I wanted to look him in the eye when I killed him.” he screwed the hat up in his hands.
Sam gave him a soft smile. “That’s probably why. You’re still getting used to being mostly human, and you haven’t had a ton of sugar today to top up your energy reserves. You’ll sleep better tonight.”
Mary nodded. Taking out her phone and shooting off a text to Sam before she stepped out. She smiled to herself. Dean was his own worst enemy, he would need all the help he could get to make it work. Thank goodness Cas literally had the patience of an angel.
As always your comments and kudos give me the encouragement I need to carry on writing.
“Okay, breathe. Just breathe, Cassie. It's just a teeny-weeny panic attack. You've had worse. That's it. Please don't vomit on me. Just breathe.” he crooned soothingly as Cas panted and retched harshly.
Mary grinned. “I know I am. I’m happy for you both.” she pressed a hand to Deans face affectionately.
“Were they all one night stands? Or were they like boyfriends or girlfriends?” Dean asked.
Dean nodded. “Yeah, man. But- this still feels weird.” he insisted.
“I’m glad someone does.” Dean sighed, pressing closer to the angel.
Sam smirked. “Not with my foot in your ass, you won't.” he laughed at Dean's faux hurt face.
Cas shrugged. “I’ll admit to feeling particularly strong emotions about the thought of someone else touching you.” he said, looking embarrassed.
He sat up and drank the water as fast as the ice cubes allowed, draining the glass and dribbling a little water down the side of his neck. He grimaced and rubbed his eyes, trying to untangle his legs from the blanket now twisted around them. He realised that Cas must have covered him after all and rolled his eyes at the angels mother-henning. He swung his legs onto the floor and placed his elbows on his knees, running his hands through his slightly sweaty hair.
Cas chuckled. “No. I'm fine. It only hurts when I move now.” he pointed to the flask on the table next to his bed. “Perhaps you should drink some water, or you'll feel awful in the morning.”
“He's an Alpha, we tend to heal faster. But yes, it is a little fast. It's the poppy syrup, it can make him vomit. If he's lying down flat, he could choke. If we prop him up correctly, it shouldn't hurt much more than it already does.” said Jess, reassuringly.
Cas sounded smug.
He couldn't figure out the cause of the tension in this case though. This was different. Cas was quiet and looked like a kicked puppy. Dean seemed to be over compensating for it by babbling incessantly. They each avoided looking at the other. There was no snide comments or insults. But the tension was there.
Dean was almost helpless with laughter and Jack joined in, although it was obvious he was laughing more at Dean’s reaction than the situation.
Dean laughed. “I never thought a Santa suit would do it for me, but here we are.” he said, pecking Cas on the lips. “Once Jack is asleep, I can give you my present. One hint, I'm wearing them.” he said with a suggestive smirk as Cas' mouth dropped open.
Cas paused as he gently placed a vinyl disc back into it's sleeve and looked at Dean. “I've noticed you do all of these things previously. You like things in a particular way and rarely deviate. Sam is the same, although he places all of his trinkets in a box, under his bed. You like to be able to see them. I assume that it comforts you when they are in your line of sight. I assume that Sam feels comfort with them hidden away, where they cannot be broken or taken.” he said, his voice soft and unsure. He looked away and to the floor as if he was worried that he had crossed a line somehow.
Finally reaching the dirt track where Bobby had parked his truck, they both breathed a sigh of relief and hurriedly loaded the deer carcass onto the flat bed and covered it with a tarp. Bobby leaned against the side of the truck unscrewing the lid of the flask he carried everywhere and took a swig before holding it out to John, who accepted it gratefully.
Jack had a sharpened stick and was digging a football sized rock out of the ground, Dean had tripped over it twice as they were setting up camp, so Jack had taken it upon himself to relocate the rock somewhere out of the way. Sam chuckled as Jack accidentally flicked a clod of mud into his own face.
Dean nodded and approached. “Yeah. Me and my brother. I'm Dean.” he said, shaking the hand that Jake held out.
Cas huffed a laugh and nodded. “Thank you, Bobby.”
Dean chuckled. “They knew what they were gettin’ into, you made them no promises, they didn’t make any either. It’s two lonely people just takin’ comfort in each other. As long as everyone is on board, it’s not wrong, Cas. I’d be a massive hypocrite if I said it was.”
“Alright, while we were out, I had Sam swap the rooms around a little. He’s sharing with Jack and you and Cas have the other room.” Mary said, smugly.
Cas' eyes went wide. “Well, we have to go in there at some point, Dean.” he said trying not to laugh.
“For fucks sake, Dean!” Sam hissed out from behind gritted teeth as he threw their belongings haphazardly into various duffel bags on the bed, scowling at his brother.
get pissed at you for this?” he said, stepping back.
Dean chuckled. “Believe it or not, Jack is adopted. Just dumb luck he looks like Cas.” he said, glossing over the fact that Cas wasn’t his ‘fella’. It felt kind of nice for a moment to imagine being a real family. A normal family.
“Are you hurt bad?” said Bobby, dread seeping in again.
“You're welcome.” smiled Dean as they headed back to the house together.
“Well, why didn't you say so?” yelled Bobby, as Sam took off at a sprint towards the house, quickly followed by Jess and Bobby.
“It went better than I'd hoped. The tear to his spleen was small, but not repairable. I had to remove it. He'll need some more poppy syrup at regular intervals for the next few days, and kept meticulously clean, no-one is to even go near him without clean hands. Barring infection, he should make a full recovery.”
My faithful four legged shadow and my best friend, My dog Saphie, died yesterday. I'm devastated. I became almost completely deaf a few years ago and she helped me to overcome it. I was afraid of being alone in silence. She gave me confidence and unwavering support. I'm utterly lost without her.
“Surely you know about your prostate, Dean. It is very pleasurable when it is stimulated. It is actually possible for a man to achieve orgasm several times in a row that way.” Cas said in a low voice, doing something weird to Deans insides. He felt his dick twitch in his pants and his heart rate pick up. Male multiple orgasms? Dean had never heard anything so awesome.
Dean chuckled. “Yeah, you are. Except when you’re smitey, then you’re fuckin’ hot.” he groaned when Cas pinched his nipple playfully.
“You okay, hon? Did I hurt you?” said Ellen, looking concerned at his watery eyes.
It was February, heats were due late March, they did not have long to escape.
“Uh, I'd feel better about that if you had actually spoken to Bobby about it, Dean.” said Charlie, doubtfully.
“Cas, it's not you. I .. uh.” he paused, taking another shaky breath. “When we were in the compound, Alistair would beat on us for practically any reason. It was bad, some days it was hard to get out of bed because it hurt so much.” he gripped the Alphas hands tight as Cas flexed his jaw, trying to control his own anger, so as not to distress Dean further.
“Speaking of going to bed. It's time for good boys to go back to sleep.” said Daddy, placing his wine glass on the coffee table as Jack whined. “Do you want me to help you wash the cookie off your face or can you do it yourself?” he asked.
He considered taking a shower before dinner, but couldn't will up enough energy to do it.
Cas took it from his outstretched hand and sipped it looking thoughtful. “It’s not too bad.” he said with a shrug.
Dean looked at the young mans name badge. “We’re good, Tommy, thanks. We’re gonna hit up the ice-cream place after. We promised the kid here.” he said gesturing to Jack, who beamed.
They worked quickly. Unloading Cas’ truck and hauling everything over the nearby ridge. Cas was loaded up like a packhorse, he looked ridiculous, but unbothered. Sam stopped them when they reached the spot he’d picked and Dean took over, instructing everyone on where to set up tents, helping Cas who was totally lost looking at the tent he’d unpacked and laid out. Sam dug a shallow, oblong firepit in the middle of the campsite, brushing away the dead leaves and laying out some rocks around it.
“Mom, you’re embarrassing him.” Dean said with a soft look at Cas.
Dean looked shocked and embarrassed as everyone in the room looked at him with pride.
Dean sat on the windowsill and watched the sun begin to set, the sky gradually darkening and the riot of colours fading into blackness. It was a ritual of all of the omegas here, to watch the last of the light leave the day. They were not allowed lanterns in the dorm where they were kept and the nights were long, so they made the most of every bit of light they got.
Dean felt a little guilty at the oversight. “She can come if she wants. I didn't think she'd enjoy roughing it in the 100 mile wilderness with a group of scruffy, stinky guys though.” he said with a shrug.
Dean almost yelped as Cas suddenly sat up and dragged him closer, kissing him, fucking his mouth with his tongue, rolling on top of him and pressing him into the ground.
This is a little angsty, but there will be fluff coming up in the next couple of chapters.
“Sure, me an' the munchkin here will go find auntie Jess, won't we little fella.” said Garth, via the puppet. “That alright with you, Amy?” he said as Matthew giggled.
Charlie continued, looking a little flustered “I mean, 'cause at first you were all like, “Rawr! Me big bad Alpha!” y'know all bamf and stuff. Little scary if I'm honest, but you saved us. Then you saved us again and got really hurt doing it. You didn't lie to us, you told us you wanted to see us to safety and you did that. Did you leave out some details? Yes, but I can totally see why.” she looked up and shrugged as Dean stared at her.
Cas felt strange driving the truck without Dean beside him. The silence was almost unbearable. He found it strange that he had spent months in complete isolation, without talking to a soul, without any human contact and it hadn't really bothered him. Whereas now, he missed Dean and his new friends intensely and it had only been hours. Part of him wished he had taken Benny up on the offer to come with him. But he knew he'd made the right decision in that regard. Benny would not do well in the politics of Michaels clan, the strict hierarchy and rules would quickly become a problem for the outsider Alpha.
said Dean, meaning every word.
He picked up the toiletries and noticed even the razors were the more expensive brand, the kind with the protective moisturising strip, he rolled his eyes. Cas had probably noticed the 'protective' wording on the packaging and decided that even when shaving, protecting the humans was of utmost importance. There was something both disturbing and reassuring about that, but ultimately sweet.
keen to take us in, if y'know what I mean. Our designation gave us a target on our backs from birth. Just 'cause some jackasses want to add a rarity like me or Sam to their collection. Like we're not even human beings, just objects.” said Dean bitterly.
Cas stepped back, but began pacing instead. He was far from calm. “What could you possibly say that is worse than our entire clan being decimated?” he barked, his hands were bunched into fists at his side.
“Thank you, Ellen. I wanted to thank you for washing and mending my clothes. You didn't have to do that.” said Cas, taking a mouthful of the delicious food in front of him.
“You scared me.” Jack said, his eyes wide. He was dressed in a new outfit of plaid shirt with jeans and hiking boots, probably supplied by Jody.
Jack giggled when Santa's beard tickled his face and he petted it.
Cas shook his head. “No, I want a life with you. I’m not exactly welcome in heaven, Dean. But regardless, my place is here, with you. And our family. I can help Sam in the bunker, or you can teach me about cars, the possibilities are endless. For the first time in my life, I don’t have a mission, I can actually do whatever I want. I’d like to enjoy not knowing for a little longer before I make plans for my own retirement.” he said smiling softly.
of you survive. He knows you'll save him. Be angry, but at the bastards who did this. Use that anger to find Dean. I'll help you.”
Cas nodded. “All the more reason to make your home fit around you. It seems ridiculous that you should suffer for no reason.” he said, moving to place two fingers on Sam's temple and healing the cramped muscles in Sam's back.
“Okay, I think you’re right. I’ll talk to him.” Dean said, smiling at his mother.
A strange look passed over Cas' face before his expression shut down and he looked down at the food on his plate.
“Are we....Are you fuckin' kidding me?” said Dean, incredulously.
A mixture of fear and relief went over Deans features. “Well, alright. We got a plan. You two should pick it up pretty quick. You’ll be swimming like ducks in no time.” he said brightly although his heart was beating rapidly in his chest with nerves.
Cas had kept a little distance between him and Dean, he was affectionate, but not overly so. He hadn’t asked to share Dean’s tent, nor had Dean suggested it. They seemed content to just spend time together. Although Dean craved the comfort of waking up with Cas in the mornings, he didn’t feel comfortable in sharing a tent so openly just yet. Cas was just making good on his promise not to push.
Sam looked like a moose in the headlights. “What?” he said, confused. “I mean, what the fuck? I was only gone for forty minutes.” he said incredulously.
He left the kitchen to a chorus of goodbyes and Jess stood up next. “I've got a lot to do too. I'll see everyone later.” she leaned down and kissed Sam and petted his hair affectionately, before waving and leaving.
Sam rolled his eyes at his brother and chuckled. “This is really good, Cas. Thanks for helping. Feel free to shop and cook whenever you like.”
“Phew! That’s better I thought I was- OH!” Jack cut himself off and stood in shocked silence as Cas and Dean broke apart quickly, Cas backing off from Dean and walking away a few steps, turning his face away and rubbing his neck in a self conscious gesture. Dean just stood slumped, open mouthed, totally stunned by what had just happened.
They ate on the go, no-one had been comfortable with the idea of stopping for a meal, but by late afternoon it became apparent that the passengers needed to stretch their legs and take a bathroom break, so Bobby pulled over onto a small cracked concrete area next to the water and the relieved passengers poured out of the trucks, groaning and stretching before dashing off in different directions to empty their bladders.
She skidded to a stop next to Sam, panting and pointing at the house “Dean is... on the...radio!” she finally panted out, breathless.
Cas nodded. “I should do the same then?” he said uncertainly.
“I'll come get you, if that's what you're askin'.” said Bobby, a ripple of relief going through him.
Someone was going to pay for hurting Charlie.
Bobby huffed a laugh and slapped Sam on the shoulder. “Good, 'cause yer helpin' me build his cabin next to the big spruce tree when the ground thaws a little more.”
Bobby sat at the kitchen table, pretending to read a book on crop rotation and farm irrigation techniques. In reality he was carefully observing Sam and Jess making a mess of breakfast as they pretended they weren't nervous about something. Bobby wasn't stupid, he knew exactly what was going on.
Cas arched a brow “Just when you're drunk?” he questioned, his eyes twinkling.
They had decided to rename the bunker, The Hub was a fitting name for what Sam planned to be the centre of all hunting in North America.
Cas buried his head in his hands, he was clearly on the verge of tears himself at his sons distress.
Cas moaned. Dean felt powerful again. Here was a mighty angel of the lord panting and about to come because of Dean.
Dean looked at his brother who was chewing his lip nervously. “Is that what you wanna do? Or are you just doing it for me?” he asked, his voice rough.
He was within a few feet of the top when the winch suddenly stopped and he heard a muttered “Fuck!”. Then he heard the door to the outbuilding swing open and then nothing.
“Fucking
Cas just grinned. “I know that, but your brother doesn’t.” he said smugly.
Sam’s mouth dropped open at the admission. “Do you think- Could it be some sort of compulsion, maybe?” he asked carefully.
Dean nodded. “Yeah, please.” he said, almost begging.
“Sammy!” Dean called through the door to Sam's room. “Hey bud, I made you some breakfast and some tea. It's sitting on the table waiting for you.” He paused waiting for Sam's reply
Dean made an exaggerated snoring sound and pantomimed falling asleep. “Ugh, booor-ing. At least read an adventure book or somethin' about dragons or some shit.” he hiccuped and slumped slightly further into the chair.
“Hey, I’m gonna grab a quick shower. I got swamp ass from sitting in a hot car all day.” Dean called out, heading to the bathroom with his wash bag.
“Us. I wanted to talk about us. How we feel, what do we expect from this. That type of thing.” Dean said, feeling some of the nerves creeping back in.
Bobby just grunted in response and clapped the younger Alpha on the shoulder as he walked away.
Dean nodded. “Okay. I’m probably gonna need a few more pep talks before I get this. You up for talkin’ me down when I’m on a ledge about this stuff?” he asked, pulling his mother into another hug.
Dean whined at that. “Ugh, that's too weird, man.”
Dean shrugged. “A little sore, my back hurts a little, legs feel weird.” he said, his cheeks going red.
“I can help you if you’re still struggling.” Cas offered, holding up his hand.
“Oh my God.” Dean laughed, his eyes bright with tears.
The radio was silent for almost a full minute before Cas spoke.
an Omega. He wanted a true mating. Someone who loved him, not someone who was bound by biology.
“Y'all just call me Kitty, Jake over there is the pain in my ass and the love of my life. I'm sorry if I made it awkward for you boys. You just come on over to the counter when you're ready and I'll fix ya up a little discount.” she said, patting Deans hand again before walking away.
“I fuckin' hope so, Charlie. He doesn't deserve this.” his anger and sadness bleeding into his voice.
Don't you love technology? After my old craptop died, the BRAND NEW replacement craptop decided to commit suicide too. It pissed me off because I lost my chapter outlines that I hadn't backed up yet. *fumes*
“Bobby would be tickled pink to hear you say that.” Dean said, his eyes becoming moist and his throat thick with emotion.
“Just touch me, do what you were doing before.” Cas said gently.
Cas focused on Sam and waited for the signal to begin the race.
“If you keep doing that, I’m going to come.” Cas gasped, and Dean grinned as he realised he’d cracked the angels composure.
This chapter is one that made me emotional to write. It just shows you, it never rains, but it pours. Things just got a lot more complicated for everybody.
Sam nodded reluctantly, and checked his own gun. They hadn't spoken to Dean since they had left the house and had no way of knowing if the area was safe. He moved to help Jess start untying the crates from the body of the truck.
Dean moved his arm from over his eyes and looked at Cas. “Uh, yeah.” he said sincerely.
Deans face lit up “Oh, yeah. Once Jess patches you up, I'll take you out and show you. There's like, two parts to the surprise. I think you're gonna love it.” he said, grinning excitedly.
Cas blushed a little. “Okay.” he said in a small voice.
Dean shrugged. “Sure. Ain't like we're on a schedule. It's gonna take a couple of days to get there anyway, what's a few more hours? Just, don't tell her anything about this, okay? Not till I've figured it out a little more.”
Mary shook her head. “Nope. He loves you, that’s all that matters. He would die for you,
The week before he left, he had compiled the evidence and written his reports for Michael. Bobby had made meticulous copies of everything, his sharp eyes spotting patterns that Castiel had not.
Cas huffed a small laugh. “Perhaps, but you need sleep, Dean. Going without sleep is very dangerous for humans, it can have severe detrimental effects on your physical and mental health. I can help you. All it takes is one touch and you can have uninterrupted, dreamless sleep for however long you want.” he said moving closer into Deans space. “There is no shame in asking for help.” he added softly.
They were nearby the Colorado river or one of it tributaries.
**I know the snake stuff seems implausible, but it's all actually true. I did research and the tactic was used in the Vietnam war. I've wanted to use it in a story for ages.
Dean had dragged himself out of bed at first light, his father and Bobby had left the previous week to hunt game for trading and winter stores, so he only had to worry about feeding himself and Sam. Bobby had a large selection in his stores, and Dean had taken inventory for Bobby a few days prior, so he had a good idea of what he could throw together for breakfast.
At the back of the room was a rough stone low wall with a hand operated winch above what was obviously a well shaft, a cradle was lying on the ground in front of the lowest part of the wall. He could hear low sobs and gasps from below. He crept closer, placing his hand on the stone wall and peering over into the inky blackness below, his fingers dislodged a small rock that clattered as it fell. Castiel cringed and then froze as a male voice suddenly called out
Jack grinned. “I will.” he promised and ran to the bathroom at the end of the hall.
He wondered how he himself would cope being back in the regime after the freedom of the last few months. It would be difficult, but he was willing to do just about anything to protect his new family and the life he would be free to plan. He imagined the future, living in the house that Dean had designed with the children he and Dean would have. For the first time, the life he had always dreamed of was within his reach. He was in love, and best of all, someone loved him in return.
He turned back to the road and heard Cas chuckling next to him. “Feels good, right?”said Dean, smiling. “Very” said Cas dryly, he leaned in closer to Dean with a serious look on his face “Dean, I know I said to keep driving, but I need to make a stop. I have to retrieve something” Cas said, frowning.
Ellen and Cas nodded sagely with shudders of their own. “If Matty didn't love it so much, I'd arrange for that thing to have an “accident” in the fireplace.” said Ellen, placing a plate of food in front of Cas, who smiled gratefully.
“There you go, Cas. Try those. I bet it’s the sugar. You angels can’t seem to get enough of it.” Dean said, pleased to have found something that made Cas happy for once.
“Well, thank you. But you can thank my Dad for it, he drummed it into us from the time we were old enough to drive. Which for me, was aged twelve. I could only just reach the pedals with the seat pulled all the way forward, but I could still take care of my baby.” he said patting her dash affectionately. “I’m gonna have to hike out here every day to start her up, I don’t want her battery goin’ flat and stranding us out here.”
Dean lowered himself to sit on the bank and drew his knees up. “Well, I’d suggest eye-spy, but...” he gestured around to the surrounding fields of corn as far as the eye could see.
“There, that's better.” said Santa, helping Jack take a sip of milk from his glass.
The had travelled up into Maine, up to the hundred mile wilderness and had left the logging road and driven down a track towards a lake that Sam had picked as a good campsite.
Dean pointed at him with his fork. “That, is a damn good idea, kid.” he agreed, and Jack beamed.
“I had ..uh ..a little trouble getting out of the bath.” said Cas, shrugging his shoulders.
“DEAN! Oh shit! You're hurt, I'm sorry. Oh my god, I can't believe it!” Sam babbled as he almost strangled Dean in an attempt to hug him.
Garth suddenly stood up and threw his arms around Sam and howled, crying huge tears that soaked into Sam's shirt. “I'm so happy for you guys! This is the best day, ever!” he sobbed into Sam's neck as Sam awkwardly patted Garth's back and Jess and Bobby looked on in horror.
He stood outside Deans door, listening to the sounds of Deans slow breaths and regular heartbeat. He was still feeling unsettled by their earlier argument, they regularly bickered, occasionally fought, but he had never seen Dean break as he had today.
Sam's eyes widened and his mouth dropped open. “He- he told you?” he asked, stunned.
A few hours later he was in position, the sun had set a while ago and Castiel was waiting for the guards to relax into their duty. Timing was everything, if he moved too soon the guards would still be alert enough to notice him.
Dean rolled his eyes. “Well, duh. You dork.” said Dean, with a laugh. “Or did the kiss not give that away?”
Dean gaped in surprise. “Oh. So you- How did- No. You know what? Never mind. We’ll come back to that another time.” he said, feeling flustered and a little jealous.
Lucifers clan were using boats.
This chapter was a pig to write, it did not want to come out AT ALL. I struggled with Dean's section of the chapter, I won't lie. As a rape survivor, I was not comfortable with describing sexual assault and triggered myself into a panic attack when I tried. I rewrote that section several times, so if it isn't very good, I apologise. I was as brave as I could be.
Cas looked unsure. “I have no-one to teach me, and it doesn’t change the fact I have nothing to wear.”
“You can say no, at any time. But, I need a yes to continue.” Cas whispered, his hands caressing Deans torso.
Dean huffed a laugh. “I’ll go first. I’m just a puny human, so I ain’t gonna be blindfolded to even the odds.” he said, picking a smooth rock from the little pile Jack had made and turning it over in his hand.
He had to force himself to resist committing petty acts of sabotage, he couldn't afford anyone to suspect that he was here. The last thing he needed was for the clan to tighten security or change their routines.
“No kidding. You’ve been hopped up on sugar all day, kiddo. Pancakes this morning, hot chocolate and candy in the car and now three bowls of ice-cream. I guess we found your limit.” said Dean with a sympathetic grimace.
Dean looked up as if praying for patience, sighing deeply before looking at the angel with a questioning look on his face.
“Pizza, excellent choice. Can't go wrong with that.” Dean agreed, taking a deep sniff of the food in front of him. “Whoa, this looks amazing.” Cas put the bowl of shaved parmesan on the table and both Sam and Dean took generous handfuls to sprinkle over their food.
“Do you want me to touch you too?” Cas asked, leaning forward slightly, pushing his dick into Deans hand a little rougher than Dean had been doing so far.
It had been weeks, and no-one had any word of Dean. He hadn't really expected much from the network, Omegas were taken all the time, and they never returned. But Dean had resources that other Omegas didn't have. They had been trained by their father their whole lives for just this situation.
Bobby shook his head. “I better go give Sam a heads up, or he's gonna flip his shit when he walks down those stairs an' smells this. I'll be back in a coupla minutes.” he too left the room reluctantly.
Dean grinned. “Bug bites aside, I love camping, Cas. Wakin' up first thing and getting warm by the fire with a cup of coffee. Fishin' all day, then cookin' your catch. Swimmin' in the lake and sunbathing on the rocks. Makin' smores. Lookin' up at the stars. I'm a bit old to be sleepin' on the ground these days, but hell yeah, I love camping. When I ain’t gotta worry about a wendigo or something.” he said enthusiastically.
Dean stepped back wiping his eyes on his sleeve and croaked “Where's Sam?” looking around as if Sam was hiding nearby.
Cas' face lit up. “You've had a crush on me?” he said, beaming.
Dean cleared his throat. “I’m not drinking so much right now, Mom. Everyone else is layin’ off for a while to support me.” he said, looking down at the floor.
It took them several minutes to calm down, avoiding eye contact lest they start laughing again.
It fell flat when Cas just looked more miserable.
Jack nodded. “Yes, thank you. I- I don’t think I should eat any more ice-cream though.” he said looking crushed at the melting puddle in his bowl.
Cas sat down next to him with a chuckle. “Yes, quite.” he murmured.
Dean shrugged. “Under normal circumstances, I'd agree. But we ain't livin' under normal circumstances, Cas.” he said sadly. “Just give me some time, okay. I'm trying to figure this out around all the other crap that's goin' on up here.” he added, tapping his temple.
Hi! *waves*
Cas sighed deeply “I think I understand. Sam is your brother, he cares deeply for you and probably feels a little misplaced guilt. So he wants to help you. He just doesn't realise he is treating you like a victim. Whereas you feel you are more of a survivor. Am I right?” he said, gently.
There were four Omegas, including Dean currently in the dorm. The other three were female and young.
“Oh, I’m not gonna last!” Dean warned. “It’s too good.” he said, his stomach tensing, trying to hold off from coming in Cas mouth.
“Yes, sir.” Dean grinned, allowing Cas to pull him up from the bed.
He staggered as he stood up and felt a slight wave of nausea. He held onto the back of the chair at his desk and waited for it to pass, knowing he wouldn't actually throw up. He slowly pulled on his dead guy robe and belted it loosely.
Jacks eyes went very round as it sank in and he whipped his head around to face his Papa.
Dean hesitated then nodded.
“The outcome would be the same.” Cas said with a shrug that was completely without arrogance. He pushed his wet hair out of his face and smiled. His cheeks were slightly flushed, making his blue eyes stand out.
Dean gave him a soft smile.
Mary looked at him in amazement. “I didn’t know angels could blush. I’ve never seen you so self conscious, Cas.” she said with a chuckle. “The clothes suit you, you look great.” she complimented.
They were beaten and starved for the slightest infraction. But Alistair had one punishment that he favoured above all, there was an old well in one of the outer buildings, it had long dried up and the bottom of the well shaft opened up into a small damp cavern littered with trash and crawling with rats and snakes, it was fondly referred to by Alistair as “The Pit”.
“Don't move, sweetheart. You stay as still as you can, okay? I'll move around you.” said Ellen, her voice wobbling slightly as she ducked under his raised arm to get a closer look.
