“Where is this Gala?” Rogers ground out,
Skilled at flirting and making small talk, Natasha easily navigated her way through the crowds keeping one eye on Bruce and the other on Clint.
“Morning.” Tony replied, he looked deliciously sleep mussed; his hair was still tangled, there were pillow creases on his face, and his dressing gown was open at the chest revealing the glow of the arc reactor.
“Take us or we’ll walk!”
“No, you can’t agree with the scary super-spy, you are on my side Cap, not hers!”
“We’re not going to do this Tony.” He said firmly, “I’m not going to make use of your body as if you were some kind of glorified blow up doll.”
The application process had been unusual as well, especially since Courting Ceremonies didn’t tend to include actual applications. Steve had to fill in a long online form with his personal details, preferences, likes and dislikes, hobbies, a description of his Courting gift, and even a positive reference from someone in his personal life. He had thought about it long and hard, and gotten a reference from Natasha. She was a mutual friend, and the team had frequently relied on her unsurpassed skills to read people, which made her a perfect character reference.
They were civilians so there was naturally some panicked shouts and confusion at first, but they started moving, which was good enough for Steve.
“It’s okay, Tony. Maybe someone driving by can offer assistance.”
The words sent a thrill through Tony. It was absurd, Tony knew that Steve was his own person, none of them owned the other.
, felt Steve touch him, thumbs pressing on the cheeks of his backside, long fingers massaging his flesh as he was held open for Steve’s inspection. For all of Tony’s experience, he trembled at this, certain he could feel Steve’s gaze as he drew over his body. What a sight he must make, wanton and completely naked, spine a long swoop to present his ass up for the taking, legs parted in welcome.
“No, I’m not crying,” Tony denied testily, keeping his eyes wide open and refusing to acknowledge how his lashes were just a tiny bit, the littlest bit really, wet. “It’s just allergies. They’ve put way too many flowers in here, I always knew Rhodeybuns had specific ideas about his wedding, but the amount of flowers is just ridiculous. Does Carol even like flowers?”
Steve wandered away and decided that maybe he had better check on his bank account after all.
“You should get your own, asshole,” Bucky grumbled.
“I’m from around here but I want to keep my family and friends safe, so I needed a new identity.”
...because this was the first time Tony had spoken aloud.
Before Bucky could voice his opinion, someone said loudly from the entrance.
Now he was recalling that the article he read was about the mysterious developer taking the world by storm.
“Yeah, they’re pretty weird, but it’s Steve and Tony, they’re always pretty weird,” Rhodes said without concern.
Suddenly, Steve was acutely aware that he had an armful of naked Tony, whom he had just realized was scorchingly attractive.
Not long after Tony’s Courting Ceremony, Sam and Bucky had announced that they were courting each other in what would have been a matter-of-fact delivery if the back of Bucky’s ears hadn’t been flushed and Sam hadn’t smelled so very smug.
Grinning, Tony said, “Take a deep breath.”
“Hey, Thor, it’s alright. Still friends?” Tony asked, almost tentative.
Tony looked up through thick dark lashes, probably not realizing what a potent gaze he had. “Guess I need to get used to balance first. Talking seems a lot easier than walking.”
Steve reached up and cupped Tony’s cheek, brushing a thumb below his eye as he gazed up at Tony. It was enough to cause Tony’s lashes to flutter, aware that he himself was also hapless under Steve’s own tender touch.
“Captain Rogers, Mister Stark has fallen asleep outside of his water again,” J.A.R.V.I.S. announced as Steve was finishing with the curry he was making. It was one of the few dishes he could actually cook with some level of competency, and he knew Tony loved it.
Steve got out after her and stared wide-eyed at the elaborate grand entrance of Tony Stark’s Courting Ceremony. There was red carpet laid out on the steps leading up to the entrance of the wide building that seemed to have been erected just for the ceremony. On each side of the red carpet were pillars made out of thick metal rods weaved together to support beautiful blue globes at the top. Men and women in black suits stood at the end of the red carpet by the large arched doors, greeting the guests and scanning invitations.
“Thank you, Captain Rogers,” J.A.R.V.I.S. said primly, before sighing. “Mister Stark says that he’s amazing and I’m just a product of his amazingness.” The way Tony smirked at that made Steve chuckle. Then J.A.R.V.I.S. continued, “Although I don’t know how amazing Mister Stark can be when he believes it’s logical behavior to go without sleep for 48 hours to work on my code and then, forces himself to stay awake now just so he can see your reaction during our first interaction.”
Asgardian way of apology, his ass. Thor had never before kissed anyone as a sign of apology.
Bucky frowned.
Tony preened at those words, glorying in how Steve thought he smelled amazing, relishing the idea that Steve loved his scent so much that he seemed to be losing control.
That...was a total lie. Steve knew it had to be a lie. They had met many Jabari during the war against Thanos and there had been no kissing whatsoever. Steve fumed in silence at M’Baku’s audacity to just go around kissing Tony like that.
Surprisingly, Steve and Tony didn’t react to this insult. Steve was lying down, head on his paws and allowing Tony to lick his ears and groom his fur on his head into silly spiky tufts. Was Tony doing that on purpose? Surely Steve should look better after being groomed, not end up looking like a punk dog?
Sure, Tony did this all the time, not just with Steve. They all did, because they were a team and friends and they watched out for each other.
After the sudden revelation that Tony needed something from the desk otherwise he would have a heart attack, Steve was wary of anymore important requests or questions. “What is it?”
“I’ll keep that in mind,” Steve said a little faintly.
Tony pointed out.
He had ordered a big breakfast and more, resulting in a heap of crispy bacon, lamb sausages, baked beans, scrambled eggs with feta, roasted tomatoes, broccolini and mushrooms in garlic butter, and a couple slices of fresh focaccia of all things. Tony knew the bacon, scrambled eggs, broccolini and mushrooms in garlic butter were mainly for him since they were his favorite brunch food. Focaccia was currently Steve’s latest obsession that he had with everything. Happily, Tony picked up a fork and speared a mushroom with a broccolini.
Steve made a face like his bite-sized canape had turned bitter and ashy in his mouth. “I don’t know the details.”
It was the work of a few seconds to completely disable the attacker’s weapons and then have security restrain him.
“Drive faster,” he mumbled, rubbing his head, shifting restlessly on the leather seats.
Coughing awkwardly, Steve stepped back and took out his phone. Tony’s gaze never left his the entire time.
“Genius, remember?” Tony said with a sharp grin.
Steve yanked back his hand.
“No, you did fine,” Steve interrupted, not wanting Tony to feel even a moment of doubt about this and also, not sure if he could survive hearing Tony talk about using
Steve’s a veritable lobster at this point. Tony winces, thinking of how much sunburn they’ll both have after this. Which makes him think they’ll need aloe. Which makes him think of rubbing aloe all over Steve’s body. Which keeps him distracted enough for the next few minutes until Steve gives him a
“Yes…” Steve admitted, looking chagrined.
“You know I remember that you
What.
“Oh no, I can’t believe it, I absolutely can’t fucking believe it. Is this a joke?” Tony hissed.
Later, he watched as Steve and Tony amiably ate dinner side-by-side. There were plates on the floor with food made specially for them. They were human food but edible for dogs and cats, since it felt wrong to be feeding Iron Man and Captain America actual cat and dog food straight out of cans.
“About five minutes since the last time you asked.”
“We have to do something,” Steve said, tensing up, gripping his shield tighter. The attacker could lose it at any point and cut Tony’s throat. They couldn’t just wait around for that to happen.
Steve turned away from the window, straightening up from where he had been leaning against the quinjet’s inner hull wall and smiled. “That wasn’t what I was worried about.”
Tony narrowed his eyes, now that was a threat if ever he heard one.
“I feel the need to point out that M.S Potts has not given a green light for this venture yet Sir,” Jarvis said.
“Calm down.” Steve said, putting an arm about Tony and drawing him into his arms so he could hold him and kiss his head. “This has nothing to do with your ego and everything to do with Hydra. Don’t let them, let Killian get the satisfaction of upsetting you.”
The lab was pretty empty, mostly the surfaces were clear, which marks where equipment had previously been, but there were still interfaces and Tony grabbed a couple of tablets from the family room on their way down to the lab, along with a sheet of paper and a pen, which he shoved at Steve.
“It doesn’t matter if he can walk or not, he’s still gonna be my Mother and you’ll still love him, right?” It shouldn’t have been a question, but Peter was asking it as a question, was making sure that Steve wasn’t going to walk away now that Tony was disabled. “You are still going to marry him and be a father to me and Zach, right?” Peter’s voice broke at the end and fresh tears filled his eyes waiting to run down his cheeks.
“You have reached the life model decoy of Tony Stark, please leave a message after the tone.”
“I’m afraid not, Cap.” Tony said, spinning on his stool so he was facing Steve, the holographs hovering behind him casting a blue glow over his head like an aura. Butterfingers, who was besides him nudged Tony’s shoulder with his claw and beeped, so Tony nudged the Bot back with his knee.
It was exhausting, tedious, and soul destroying.
“I’ll just stake out Oscorp’s labs and shit, get proof of him doing illegal experiments and stuff and then take it to Mamma and Dad.”
They were across the city within moments with Clint setting the jet down in the car park where people were running out of the factory. The entrance was a smoking ruin and alarms were blaring loudly as the Avengers disembarked the jet.
“But if not for me then you’d never have been taken in the first place.” Steve said, “And don’t say it’s okay because its not and I don’t want you to forgive me because of one act. I want us both to take the time we need to really work through this to really heal and become strong again, because if we don’t then we’ll fall apart again and that isn’t fair on her.” He nodded to Morgan, “She needs us to be at our best and we have to give her that.”
The thing was, Tony and Maria had not been close the way a Mother and child should be. Maria had tried her best, but she had her own problems, she’d struggled with her grief over losing so many babies before Tony, had been racked by self doubt that Howard’s neglect of her and his only Son had not helped. Anxiety and depression had set in and the Doctor’s back then, not realizing how addictive Valium was, had cheerfully prescribed Maria bottles of the damn pills, leaving her in a drugged haze, too disconnected with the world to truly be a Mother to Tony.
Tony gave him a grin, “Right back atcha.”
“Excellent!” Deadpool exclaimed, jumping to his feet, “Then to the UN we shall…”
Present Time.
“I believe you should call an ambulance.” Bruce called back, “Unless I am very much mistaken, Tony is about to have a baby.”
“Yes.” Jarvis said. “Until there are definitive facts the media should not be informed of Sir’s injury. Please monitor the situation and keep me informed.”
“Do you understand Mr Stark?”
Natasha ran to his aid while Hulk happily took out the bunker.
Okay so he had a daughter, he could have sent her through with her Mother couldn’t he? Then he could have fought on like a man, not turned tail and run.
On Titan they battled the mad Titan himself, distracting and restraining him to try and get the gauntlet off his hand. When it was clear the thing wasn’t coming off easily Tony created a sword blade with his new Nanotech armour and cut off the Titan’s arm, severing him from the gauntlet and infinity stones.
“I’ll think about it.” Steve said meekly and wondered if he could perhaps some nice sane person to be his Best Man.
At nearly three years old she was walking and chattering, having grown into a happy and energetic toddler who was thoroughly spoiled by all of the Avengers.
There he discovered illegal and frankly horrific human experimentation being conducted in a secret lab, before he could get out and alert the authorities and his parents, he was taken prisoner and was subjected to horrific acts by a Doctor Curien, who at present still remains at large.
This got Tony’s attention and he immediately tried to sit up wincing in pain but refusing to stay laying down and shuffled up the bed so he was propped up by pillows.
“I’m not happy about how you went about this.” Steve said, “We need to have a long conversation about trust and honesty, and I need to convince you that I love you regardless of age. But.” He smiled, “If there is a chance for us to make a baby then I don’t want to throw it away.”
Steve startled slightly, he was used to hearing Jarvis’ voice in the tower and in his earpiece but the now embodied Android was still taking a bit of getting used to.
“Not a team, a family.” Steve corrected, “And yes, the battle of New York was a turning point for me, for all of us I think. I was fresh out of the ice, struggling to find a place in this world and then suddenly there are demi Gods in Germany, portals opening in the skies of New York, giant green rage monsters, and a very beautiful Omega flying around in a gold and red suit.”
Steve didn’t know exactly what was going on with him, but he knew that there was something bothering Peter. He wasn’t acting like his usual cheerful self. Always seemed on edge and on the verge of saying something only to bite his tongue and look away.
“I have to see this through,” He insisted.
Tony froze up as soon as he hit the water, his mind, his body, everything stopped working as he sank down into the depths of the water.
Every so often one of the team would get up to stretch their legs, go to the bathroom, go and get more drinks, or go and speak to Pepper or Rhodey on their phones.
“Roger that.” Bruce said looking a little relieved at not having to become Hulk, while he was doing better he still preferred not turning into his alter ego.
*****
“Baby, you’re back with me at last.” Steve came into view and Tony became aware of his hand being held, as Steve’s worried but relieved face came into focus.
“Am I a bad person, Jay?” He asked the AI.
As he sat down at the table to have his breakfast, Peter sent a text to Ned to let him know that they were on for Friday night. He had to force his breakfast past the lump in his stomach that came from hiding things from his parents. He always felt bad about doing so.
The smile Steve gave him was more generous and heart felt than ever the Steve from this reality had given him, and the gratitude far more genuine, “Thank you Tony, I’m very grateful for this,”
In the heat of the fight he and Steve managed to put their differences aside to work together and they kept the halicarrier in the air, Tony nearly getting shredded by the turbines, Thor and Hulk were lost somewhere, and Coulson was killed.
Jarvis suspected Maximoff’s involvement but had not proven anything yet, neither had he found a cure or a way to block any influence she might be having.
“Doctor Banner, you need to step away.” Fury said.
After Tony and Steve made the rounds talking to people, shaking hands, and making polite conversation, they went and took their places at the top table, where they were served a three course meal with a choice of Champagne, white, or red wine.
“You don’t think that I’d upset people?” Steve asked with a sheepish smile.
“He can’t Pete, Manhattan’s been cordoned off.” Tony explained, “Go back to the Mansion and I’ll come to you as soon as I can.”
“Tony this isn’t your fault, you didn’t give him an enhancement, you are doing the best you can for him.”
Natasha had tried to make a run for it, but an arrow struck her in the back of the knee bringing her to the ground, she tried to get to her feet but a blindingly swift attack from an almost blur of limbs knocked her gun from her hand, and disabled her bites. In a few second she was pinned against the wall by her throat and looking into Daredevils face.
*****
Peter hadn’t thought about that. On the one hand being publicly acknowledged as a superhero could be cool, but on the other it would bring a lot of unwanted attention and could cause issues for his parents. A horrid twist of guilt settled into his stomach at causing so much trouble.
With Grace promising to bring the kids to New York for Easter holiday and Harley and Peter exchanging e-mail and phone numbers, they said their goodbyes and the team headed back to New York, arriving in the city just as the news reached America about an attack on London and Thor having returned.
Both of them thanked the waitress when their food arrived and took a moment to eat a few bites before they spoke again.
“Well, that’s too bad. They’re not complicated instructions. Sadly for you, I can’t work with someone this goddamn thick.” With a speed that made Falsworth startle, Steve pulled his gun from the holster and held it to Callahan’s head.
Steve showed him a few other rooms like downstairs toilets, closets, where exactly the door leading to the other building was, and then they reached the living room.
“For what?”
Steve looked at the pictures. The melted leather seats and dented metal from the high heat. The shattered glass all over the floor and burn marks and ash turning the checkered tile almost solid black. He flipped to the next report and saw much of the same. He did that a few times, looking at each one. There had to be something they were missing. How was this person so close and yet getting away with these so effortlessly?
“So what are you saying exactly, ma? Clint and James should visit more?”
Tony turned pale as a ghost and stared at Pepper. What he described was what he kept feeling. “Like... a warmth that spreads through your body?” He asked.
,” James cooed, grabbing his hands and pulling him up easily. He supported his weight over to the table instead of bothering with the crutches, kissing his cheek.
Clint breathed out a laugh. “Compact and adorable.”
“In a way, yes, but less assembling and more getting familiar with.” He lifted it and handed it to Tony to hold. “Never point that barrel anywhere but the ground if you’re not about to use it on someone, you hear me?”
But what did he say? The truth would crush him but maybe he just needed some facts. Steve would never lie to him but the thought of seeing Tony’s face drop even more than it already was hurt him so profoundly he could have laughed—apparently his efforts to get over him weren’t working at all.
James clapped a hand over his mouth when a laugh bubbled up. Clint lifted his head to press a kiss to James’ cheek, grinning at him.
“You’re the first lad to eat this little of my food!” Sarah scolded Tony and he looked to his half full plate.
“An Italian running Irish books? Plus, an eighteen year old doing that kinda job when everyone sees an old man sitting there?” He shrugged.
There was no immediate response but they might have a bit of a walk to get to their room. He thought he remembered seeing a door open to what looked like where the guards could sit and have a coffee.
“Get him ready quick! I’m serving dinner now.”
“No... only men,” he whispered. “Only you,” he said even quieter.
“Very rude indeed. You can move in but the thing is that I’m living in Steve’s house.” He pointed to Steve with his thumb. “Yeah, better let me know in advance so I can get a dry bread roll and spam for our favorite meal.” Just the thought of it made him sick. Joking about it with Clint didn’t hurt though. “I’ll see you soon, alright?”
Steve sat up and leaned forward. “Yes. Let’s.”
Clint looked up to see James. James who was always there when Clint needed him. Who was always the strong one when Clint needed him to be. Another little voice in his head was trying to make him feel bad for that and he knew it would succeed later but for now he was just happy to see him.
“Then what was that? Why’d you flinch?”
“Soon,” James answered vaguely, scoffing at a headline near the bottom about the vast improvements Mayor Laufeyson had already begun to implement for the city.
“And you know, it wasn’t too terrible seeing you without the felony charge circumstances,” Steve told him, squeezing the shoulder once before he dropped his hand and winked.
“Hate you?” He said. “Why on earth would I ever hate you?”
They grabbed him by his shirt and like always, with what little strength he had, he fought back, even managing to knock one guy off of him and just as he was trying to get his balance and turn to the other guy, a third came into the room and the second one grabbed Clint’s arms. The first one delivered one efficient blow to the head and Clint was out like a light, his last thought being that he wished he had eaten the roll he had hidden.
Steve situated himself and sighed. “I got here at a quarter to, waited outside. No offense but you didn’t strike me as the early type.”
Tony pulled Steve into his arms and laid back on the couch. Once they were settled he gently rubbed his hand across Steve’s back soothingly, just as he did when Benni climbed into bed with him after having a nightmare. Only that Steve's weight was completely different. And so was his scent, the feeling of him on top of Tony, simply everything about the situation. And yet it felt strangely familiar. As if they had been here time and time again. That was what he appreciated about Steve the most. Nothing felt as if it was out of place.
James chuckled again, grinning, and Clint moved in closer and kissed him, slow and deliberate, like he was trying to kiss away the bad thoughts and replace them only with himself and how much he loved James.
Not even two minutes after Tony had left, there were loud voices coming from Dugan and Jones’ room.
Natalia was shrugging out of her fur when James stopped her. “Keep it on. We’re not staying in.”
“For you,” he said, looking at James.
+  ~  +
Now he stared up at them through one good eye, the other swollen shut from one of the punches James had thrown out a short time ago.
“Now we give it an hour in the oven. Would you like an aperitif? I’ll pour the boys and me some.” Tony chuckled when she called them boys and she smiled at him. "That's better, hm?" She pinched his cheek and made Tony smile even wider.
Steve continued to look out the window but couldn’t stop the smile on his lips. Pinky nodded, grinning, and didn’t ask any more questions for the next few minutes as he turned a corner and pulled up in front of a fairly nice building with a large garage attached to it.
“Like I got run over,” he said, laughing and instantly regretting it, sucking in a sharp breath. “I know I got stabbed but I don’t remember it hurting this much at the time.”
Before he knew it, he had drifted off into a light nap in her arms, waking from time to time. His train of thought was all over the place despite the comfort he felt. Even though it was only late March, Tony was sure this was one of the best years of his life. He would turn twenty soon and leave the teens behind him officially. He had a safe, warm home with enough to eat, he was in a loving relationship, and his brother had more attention on him than ever before in his life. The positives definitely outweighed the negatives and that was more than he could ever ask for.
Having raised Benni gave him enough ways to help someone fall asleep. One of those ways was speaking very softly in a low voice.
a digestif.”
Around the same time as always Tony waited in front of the phone. It was the best they could do until Steve had taken care of everything.
“Did anyone wanna know my age or is this a private conversation?” Rhodey asked and immediately remembered who he was talking to. He thought about backtracking until he saw the blush on Steve’s face. Oh god, Rhodey thought, Steve
Steve was close to his limit of how turned on he could be by Tony. He thought seeing what he just had would have been the top, the most, but Tony telling him to go on, that he wanted Steve…
Dmitri went and picked up the ambulance, deciding that they would still use it for the element of surprise and because it would most likely be the best way to bring Clint and Tony back judging by the state of them in those photos.
Steve frowned. Of course Jones would be sad. He had played the strong person in Steve’s office when it came to Falsworth but it still hurt him. “Falsworth was his best friend,” Steve said quietly. “I don’t know what I’d do if the situation was reversed. If it was James.” He looked towards the hallway, wishing he could go across and comfort him but he knew he was bed bound for a while. “Have you eaten?”
know. I… James is the same. He doesn’t push but I can
“I have to talk to Steve,” Tony whispered softly while fixing his tie around his neck. “Don’t tell anyone, okay?” Benni made him promise to stay until he was asleep and so Tony stayed and only left once he was sure that Benni was truly asleep.
Sarah called a car and helped Tony into his thin coat, wrapping one of Steve’s scarves around him. The smell was heavenly. It smelled
Steve chewed his lip, unsure, and then settled for complete truths. “This means that the four people in that house with you—Dmitri included—and Dugan are the only ones I can trust. For all the others right now, some I’m unsure where their loyalties lie and for others… I’m a walking target.” He inhaled deeply through his nose. “I’ll fight every last one of ‘em.”
Sam, Clint, and Natasha controlled the hose and slowly the fire went out. The firehouse paramedics worked on the young girl taken from the home. She had a few second degree burns but the most concerning thing was her smoke inhalation. They prepped her and drove off to the nearest hospital, sirens blaring.
“And anything else you need?”
Steve stood at the scene of the latest diner fire, arms crossed over his chest, sunglasses on as he watched OFI work. Bucky stood beside him. He wasn’t
When he’d gotten the sandwiches earlier that month, he’d assumed it was an act on Howard’s behalf, trying to worm his way back into Steve’s good graces and he’d ignored it. He should’ve known it was Tony.
“Good morning, love,” Steve said softly, pressing his lips repeatedly into Tony’s hair and hugging him tight. He exhaled and released him enough to see his face.
They smiled, apart from the usual perks of the job—knowing they saved lives and all—there were also occasionally unexpected benefits.
” Tony said, looking over at Sarah. He didn’t know what to do with himself or in that situation.
“I brought an assortment of goodies for you good folks here at 616,” Tony said, putting the boxes down on the table. He looked around. “Where’s Rhodey?”
Hearing Tony trying to take care of his little brother from his hospital bed when he couldn’t even
“W-What?” He asked utterly confused, not having expected Steve to follow him. “Leave you? I’d only ever leave if you asked me to,” he answered truthfully.
“How do you want me,
“Are you talking about this?” He asked, lifting his barely bruised knuckles, the ones sprinkled with blood earlier. “This wasn’t anything. I had to meet with the Chinese. One of her men thought it smart to put a hand on me, I gently corrected him.” He hoped that was all because he couldn’t talk about the other thing and there was no way he was putting Tony anywhere within spitting distance of danger.
The next morning, after a tense night and lots of questioning from Tony about it, he stood in the deli, cracking his knuckles. The door opened, the little bells on it jingling and Steve turned to look at the man who entered. He was grinning.
Clint’s mood had been all over the place lately and James didn’t always know the best way to help. He also couldn’t always figure out the exact cause. Of course he could make educated and well-informed guesses and there was a very good chance that he was right but he could never know for certain and he knew that if he did approach Clint with what he
“Steve, where are you? You missed your check in,” James said.
“You alright?” Steve asked, freezing where he was.
The four on the upper levels got out without a scratch. Rhodey and Steve took the brunt of it, Steve who covered Rhodey, more so.
“Well, I don’t know what to say about the James thing because I’d never hurt him and as for the other,  just because I like small brunets doesn’t mean I want
pale next to Tony—next to anyone but his mother he supposed—and he’d never truly noticed how nicely olive-toned Tony was even in winter until now. “Not as much as I’d like. It’s peaceful, that’s what I appreciate about it. Would you like to go this summer?”
“On Christmas,” Clint began, resting his newspaper on his stomach, “did you all do anything?”
“I’d quite like vanilla sauce as well,” Sarah said, coming into the kitchen now freshened up and changed, Steve a few steps behind her. He’d made his shower quick.
“And the second thing,” James continued, “is the phone number for our place in France. Still have your pen out?”
“Sweet,” Clint said, flexing his freed fingers only to immediately grab James’ hand with it. “Things all good with you two?” he asked James but quietly so that only he heard. James nodded and looked over at Steve.
Clint and Tony had gained back the majority of their weight, the worst of their bruises and injuries had healed, save for Clint’s leg that still had a couple weeks before the cast could come off. But all in all they were doing a lot better. Everyone was.
Tony pulled him back and shook his head. “Not gonna happen. You said you’d be mine after taking care of business. I’m holding you to that.” He kept his voice low in order to not disturb Benni and Sarah who were focused on the story.
“It will be strange to fly again,” Clint said, his voice sounding further away and it snapped James out of his momentary bliss. He looked up to see that half-glazed look in Clint’s eyes that he got whenever he talked about the war. James really hoped seeing France in its beauty, seeing the wonderful parts of it, would actually help to ward off some of the more aggressive flashbacks. He knew it wasn’t a cure, more of a balm, but better than nothing.
Luckily Tony had already shrugged off his jacket when he started cleaning but now he wished he was in easy clothes like Steve. Or better yet, no clothes at all.
“Exhausted,” he answered with a small laugh. Exhausted from crying? How pathetic could one person be? If someone asked him why he cried, he wouldn’t even know how to answer. There wasn’t one specific thought that had made him cry, no particular sadness in itself. He didn’t understand. And now Sarah would be aware of how pathetic Tony was. She’d probably treat him differently. Had she told Steve? Why was he even there? Tony sighed heavily and closed his eyes again. He wished he could disappear so he wouldn’t have to look at Sarah or Steve again. Why did he have to cry?
They were saying their goodbyes when there was a knock on the door. Or at least Clint figured that was what happened judging by the way Tony flinched. He pulled him in closer, hoping it would be a quick death.
Once he adjusted to the brightness again and had calmed his heart, he looked back to the man next to him. Why was his heart beating so fast again? It felt like panic but not quite. It was warmer, fluffier.
that but he was still allowed to hate it.
While Tony looked at Benni, the boy explained to Sarah that Tony goes far away sometimes and it helps to call him
the election? You heard from him since my last visit and said nothing?” Loki swallowed. “Show us.
“I’ll find a way,” Tony said with a smile. Dugan liked him and now Tony liked him too. When he was gone Tony looked back at Steve. “Distraction? Or do you want to talk about it?” He knew that sleep was off the table.
James responded in Russian and Steve’s tired brain couldn’t keep up with it but he assumed that was James’ intention.
to send his belongings in case of anything. He didn’t dwell on the war-related information, going back to the wedding.
“I can see what you mean.” He looked out of the window. “This feels wrong. Why are we on the wrong side of the road?” He crossed his legs underneath himself to get more comfortable. “So, where are you taking me? What’s first on the list?”
She sighed and headed down to the library to sit and knit, something to do while she thought.
Downstairs, Lucky had made his way into Clint’s lap and Tony was tentatively petting him while they talked.
“I know you are but
“Um,” Steve said, always caught off guard by how straightforward Tony could be, even six months in. “I don’t know, honestly. Bucky picked this place out but I don’t know how much Sam likes it here. Why? Worried about me?”
Clint smiled at her. “It’s not just love that makes me do the things I do. I trust him. I know he wouldn’t ask me to do anything that would hurt me.”
She pursed her lips and gave a gentle shrug, looking away and then back. “Maybe you’ll like being away from New York, being alone just the two of you. And if you do and that makes you happy, I’ll be happy for you.”
Tony smiled, humming a gentle melody to encourage Steve to fall asleep. Soon enough he felt the body on him getting heavier and heard his breathing even out. With his eyes closed he remained in that exact position, absentmindedly still drawing circles on Steve’s bare back. Sleep wasn’t coming and it was getting frustrating but he didn’t want to risk waking Steve.
Tony scooted up and cupped Steve’s face. Never before did he need this much contact to someone else. “I have nothing to compare this to. Don’t worry about etiquette.” He kissed his lips and hummed. He could kiss him now... what a nice thought. “I should check on Benni soon.”
As Alpha’s went Tony supposed Obie could be worse, he wasn’t beaten or anything like that, but there was no tenderness, no love. Sex was brief, rough, and generally restricted to his heats, except when Obie was feeling a little frisky, although thanks to his age that was few and far between.
That was just the way things were, some people got violent and no one said anything, you just learned to avoid certain people when they’d been drinking, or knew to keep your head down and pretend to be invisible around them.
“Were you expecting anyone else?” She asked.
*****
That friendship, that loyalty, that is what I want you to all think about and maybe try to find within yourselves. It’s very easy to turn a blind eye, back in the thirties blind eyes were always turned, people didn’t intervene when husbands beat their wives, when people starved to death in the streets, when children were battered and beaten. But I am urging you not to be like that, not to copy the attitudes of people from seventy years ago where cruelty was ignored and allowed to go on.
Pausing mid rant, Tony stuck his head out of the shower to see Steve in the bathroom. He paused and wondered if he should check the water temperature since it seemed that he heat had just shot up.
Then there was Happy and Pepper, both torn to ribbons, their flesh shredded and bodies laying in their cooling congealed blood.
*****
“That sounds wrong?” Tony exploded at the archer, “Whats wrong is the fucking media making me out to be some kind of manipulative whore, and Steve to be some kind of brain deficient idiot.”
“They’re… as alright as they can be.”
Leaving Steve to deal with the exhausting lunacy that was Deadpool, and praying that no one got turned into a kabob while the masked Merc with a mouth was on his premises. Tony finished making upgrades to his suit and began to go through the files he had salvaged from the Data Dump.
“I’m serious!” The billionaire insisted, “I’m brunet, I’m rich, and I have a lot of sex. I will be the first killed.”
“I hope they arrest that wacko Doctor soon and Osborn.” MJ snarled, “Those two should be thrown in Alcatraz!”
“Because he never learned to dance properly, and there was a woman he was in love with during the war that he never a chance to be with.”
Like what? Am I going to have to use adult nappies because I can’t control my bowel and bladder, am I ever going to be able to have sex again, can I ever be Iron Man again?
“And Bucky?”
Steve picked up a gun from one of the dead soldiers and continued on through the building, shooting any soldier he came across, he wasn’t going to be merciful today, they had his Tony and their baby, they were all going to burn for it.
As the lights came on Steve took his phone from his pocket and found he had several text messages and missed calls from Tony, some asking what they hell he was doing, to answer his damn phone, and ordering him to “Get his perfect ass to the hospital because Tony need to kick his ass, thank him, and kiss him in that order!”
“Alright then.” Steve said lifting Zach up easily and balanced him on his hip, “How about we spend the rest of the day with your Mamma after I give Your Aunt Pepper a call and let her and Uncle Rhodey know you are alright?” Zach nodded, beaming as he was set back down on Tony’s bed and quickly snuggled against Tony’s side while Steve drew his phone out and called Pepper to let her know everything was fine.
The man in the front passenger seat burst into laughter, “Oh this kid is priceless.”
Steve kindly put a tray together for Tony to have once he surfaced and made sure there was enough coffee to sate his lover.
He let out a heavy sigh and stared at the ceiling trying to take everything in and make sense of it. After three minutes he gave up and got out of bed, falling to the floor to start sit ups, push ups, and squats, he didn’t have his gym gear so he couldn’t go jogging and he didn’t fancy trying to do it in his uniform or the borrowed clothes that Stark… no, that Tony had provided that apparently belonged to Happy Hogan, his driver/bodyguard/kids baby sitter. They were too large on Steve’s slender physique, Happy was not a small man he had very broad shoulders and a thicker waist than Steve, but was not quite as long in the leg or arm, so the trousers and t-shirt sat a little oddly on him, but they were less conspicuous than his uniform so until he went back to his apartment he could make do.
“Why didn’t you save me Mamma?”
Vision smiled at the babble coming from Steve and carefully lay the baby into his arms.
Tony had been to many meetings in his life. He’d even stood up in the Senate and mouthed off to a Senator without breaking a sweat. But right now he was sweating. Right now he was terrified.
“You let me die.” Dead Steve said, he pressed his hands to his chest, when he pulled them away they were covered in blood and a huge gaping hole was visible in his chest, “I gave you everything.” He rasped, “Even my heart.”
But through all of it I had a friend by my side. James Buchanan Barnes, who everyone called Bucky.
Tony frowned, “There’s been no sign of him, he must have slipped away after the fight.”
“Screw you Barton.” Tony shot back, “Unless you want a wheelchair race then shut your beak.”
Tony, Steve, Peter, and Zach watched the press conference from Peter’s hospital room. Zach had been brought in by Clint after his breakfast and was now sat in Steve’s lap staring up at the TV with wide eyes.
The asset inclined his head considering the handler’s words.
“I just don’t know what to do to help him, Pep.” He said to Pepper as they face timed, she was in Malibu handling Stark industries from there.
“She found out today.” Tony said, “She thought I might be pregnant, she recognised the symptoms from when I was pregnant with Zach and I had to explain to her, and she said I needed to tell you and she is right, I did, I do, and I’m sorry.”
“You might do, your joints are really old!” Peter teased hugging Tony and ducked under YOU’s claw as he extended his arm towards Tony,
While they were in the car Tony’s mobile rang and it was Fury calling him to come and look at something at Shield HQ in Washington, he also said to bring Steve along but wouldn’t say more over the phone, probably being concerned about the line not being secure.
“Mutated.” Tony said, moving to sit on the arm of the sofa, “That would be the scientific word. Peter has undergone a mutation due to the spider bite. It has left with physical enhancements that are similar to that of a spider. Being able to lift many times his own bodyweight, stick to surfaces, move with great agility and speed, and his hearing, sight, smell, even taste and touch are greatly enhanced too.”
“I wanna see it!” Zach yelled scrambling off his stool and rushing to the living room to see the fur ball. “Eeewww, it looks like the foam that Dumm-E sprays everywhere.”
That was the worst one, not awakening until he’d seen his head exploding everywhere.
Tony paused, had Natasha and Clint not been there he’d have agreed immediately, but with them there he wasn’t sure, after a few moments he shook his head, “The Tower, lets go to the Tower.”
By the time the Doctors were done with him, Natasha and Clint were sporting stitches and a couple of support bandages each. Tony should have been wearing a sling to rest his shoulder but it would rub the burn on his neck so the Doctor just told him to rest the arm as much as he could and to try not to move it about too much.
“Uh huh, and the lock on the gate was surprisingly well oiled.” Tony said, “For an abandoned base it’s sure seen a fair bit of activity.” He looked around and tapped his ear piece, “J, you with me buddy?”
Fighting the feeling of vertigo, Tony tossed the sheets back, exposing his body and froze as he stared down at his distended abdomen. He blinked once, then twice and nothing changed, his belly remained the rounded dome straining up under the medical smock he was wearing. With a shaking hand he touched the curve of his stomach gingerly, experimentally. It felt firm, a solid mass rather than dough soft.
“Is everything okay?” Steve asked as Tony took him into his bedroom, the one place Steve hadn’t been into yet. He noted the clothing laying on the floor, the plasma screen running on silent showing the current stock market, the unmade double king size bed with pillows, sheets, and a duvet tossed every which way. Tony was may things; a good housekeeper was not one of them.
“But anyway, Peter won’t be doing any superheroing until he’s finished college.” Tony said narrowing his eyes as Peter pulled a face at that restriction. “And as Peter has already said, you can’t tell anyone about this.”
“Aye, that sounds like an excellent activity.” Thor agreed with the boys, Tony looked to Steve who had a grin on his face,
Avenger's Tower.
Steve was kissing him, Steve Rogers was kissing him, Captain America was kissing him!
“Take care Cap and give Peter a big hug from me.” Tony said before disconnecting the call.
“I think that’s an excellent idea.” Pepper agreed, smirking at Tony’s glare, “You need to rest.”
“Probably.” She said with a shrug, “Tony was pretty wild during the nineties and Stane liked to throw lavish parties and invite all the big A-Listers.”
“Sure.” Clint declared, “And whoever hits Nat on the bum gets to decide the ice cream flavour for reward.”
The blood tests that the Doctor had taken had also shown that there were lingering traces of palladium in Tony’s system, and if there was still trace amounts in his blood, his organs were all tainted, which meant that his eggs were likely unviable.
This got Steve’s attention, he couldn’t say that he trusted Natasha that much, not yet, he didn’t know her well enough, but Tony seemed to have something personal against her. “What happened between the two of you?” He asked.
“The shock might also kill him.” Bruce said, “And if he inhaled any of the foam he’d choke.”
“Still with cheap lines Stark, can’t the Great Iron Man do better than that?” Killian called after him, burning his way through the debris that Tony threw in his path. He was thrown back by another blast from the repulsor but it only slowed him down for a minute, he was still going strong and Tony was injured, exhausted, and without the suit very vulnerable fighting an enhanced.
Pepper will probably be Mum to you. She might not get it all perfect at first but she’ll do her best and she’ll never let you go without or suffer. So you make sure you let her know how great she is and how much you love her.
“You didn’t.” Peter mumbled, “I should have done better.”
“Fucking mutant!”
“We could do with taking reading while you are suffering a nightmare.” Jarvis said to Tony, not unkindly, just matter of fact.
“Master Zach is asleep and Master Peter is on the internet chatting to Master Ned.” Jarvis replied.
Tony was inundated with demands for interviews, photoshoots, soundbites, TV segments, everything. But all he wanted was to focus on getting things ready for the Pup and working on his suits.
Banner offered a small smile, “Oh I wouldn’t have come on board if I couldn’t handle a few pointy things.”
“Yep, and lunch.” Peter said, getting his lunch box from the fridge. He wasn’t going to be subjected to the horrors of school dinners. Steve had prepared a ham and cheese sandwich for him, along with a banana, a cup cake which he’d baked the day before, and a bag of mini cheddars, which he got from the pantry. He also had a bottle of coke which he shoved into his bag.
When Steve called Sam and explained the situation, Sam was worryingly eager to join them, it seemed he was a bit (A lot) of a fan boy and working side by side with Captain America was a teenage boy wet dream come true!
“Language, we don’t need Lily learning anymore bad words.”
Well beggars couldn’t be choosers and frankly after weeks of a liquid diet a stale taco would be tasty!
“Well, I used to be too weak to get out of bed sometimes, a lot of the time in fact.” Steve said, “More than once my Mother had to help me out to the privy, or hold a bowl under me while I was sick, needed to pee, or worse. It didn’t make a difference to me that she was a nurse and did this sort of thing anyway, I always felt humiliated by it, even more so if she couldn’t get a bowl to me in time and there was a mess to clean up.”
“Yes alright, lunatics, yes, I’m on wheels too now, no I don’t need oiling thank you all the same.”
“Bossman, security want to know if the gentleman in the lobby needs to be arrested, as it seems he is armed!” Friday said.
“Phil.” Pepper greeted, getting to her feet and inviting the man in.
“No!” Ebony cried in utter shock, even Glaive was given pause as they stared at the fragments of their ship which floated in the air, raining down into the street like metallic hail.
This was a permanent injury, without a support device Tony wouldn’t walk again, he would also have complications from a compromised circulation, had been separated from his pups for weeks because of his recovery, and had suffered serious mental trauma that was still on going.
Deadpool had yet to respond, and Tony was cautious about contacting Spider-Man, he was a kid, but he was already putting himself out there fighting crime, so perhaps having a couple of mentors would not be a bad idea.
The images of the arguments and fight between Steve, Tony, and Rogers had gone onto the internet within minutes, and from there the press had taken up the story and turned it into front page news down crying Rogers for his sympathies with a known Hydra collaborator. For blaming Tony for things that had been legally proven to not be his fault, for condemning homosexuality, for saying that Howard should have beaten him when he was a child!
Peter looked down at his shoes and bit his bottom lip, flinching as the principal came out to speak with Tony and Steve, explaining the situation as best he could.
"Because he doesn't want brain defective retards roaming around our home." Peter shot back with speed that would have made Natasha proud. He gave Flash a grin that he'd seen his Mamma use on the Paps, "That's why he only allows MJ and Ned to come by, no peasants."
Pepper was there, with little Lily in her arms. She had broken down in tears when she’d seen Tony in Steve’s arms, his body limp and bloody. Happy Hogan was there, in the medical floor, his legs gone, and slowly dying of internal bleeding that just wouldn’t stop.
She was a little darker in colouring than Lily, but just as beautiful. Lily was fascinated by having a little Sister to play with, insisting on “Helping” which meant that bathtime resulted in the bathroom being flooded every day, and Morgan’s nappies declared disgusting, by the growing girl.
“Well, we defeated them at Shield and threw a large cog in their works, but I doubt that was the only cell of Hydra.” Tony said, “We’ll probably have to fight them again and again for a while.”
Rhodey sighed, pulling Lily closer to his chest and trying to comfort her, “I’ll call in back up.” He said to Tony as he backed away, “Don’t do anything stupid.”
“Cap don’t move him, if he has spinal damage moving him will only make it worse.” Natasha warned her voice breathless and strained.
Tired, hungry, and in need of snuggles with Lily and a hug from Steve, Tony gratefully exited the UN building, flanked by Rhodey and Steve.
“You can bet Hydra is in with them, and probably has people in place in governments and other positions of power all around the world.”
“What about you?” Peter asked lifting his head up to look at her.
From below Clint and Thor could be heard yelling and splashing around.
“I’ll buy another one.” Tony’s hoarse voice called out.
“Ah, you know you love me really.”
“Would you mind?” Steve asked, knowing that if she didn’t get her way, Lily would start crying in displeasure. Fortunately Tony took her happily, rising from his seat to bounce her, making the baby laugh in delight.
With a snarl of rage Killian turned and opened his mouth letting out a wave of fire at Tony, who fired his gauntlet, which threw him backwards into the wall but also got him out of the line of fire.
“No, they’re still at the detention centre.” Matt said, “It’ll take a while for the team to get here, it’ll be a full military escort as they are considered highly dangerous.”
He gave Steve a reassuring smile, “You’re safe here, and you and Lily are more than welcome in the tower,” Lily cooed her happiness at this and stretched out her hands towards Tony, squirming in Steve’s arms, wanting to go to the man she felt was her other Father.
“I guess that one more day wouldn’t matter.” He said and felt elated as a smile lit up Steve’s face, and he knew he’d made the right choice. Lily apparently agreed as she gave a squeal of delight and grabbed her feet, sliding down the pillows and laughing as she landed on the mattress on her back with her limbs in the air.
“Excellent idea.” Mr Watson agreed, “MJ, you can do the same.”
What was the most surprising was discovered when Peter was sparring with Steve.
And he probably was right: Steve probably had burned himself. But his superserum healing handled minor burns like that in less than a minute. Other than the sticky residue leftover from the spilled coffee, his skin was fine again, and whatever redness resulting from the heat was already gone.
“I’m- I’m not,” Tony insisted, but he was also bending a little like he was trying to hide something.
Steve wanted so badly to ask if Tony felt the same, especially after he had bared his feelings so completely to him. But that wasn’t how this Courting Ceremony worked; he couldn’t ask Tony to tell him now. And he wasn’t sure if he wanted an answer now, if he could deal with a rejection while they were swaying together to the music, arms holding each other, faces close together in intimate conversation. Let this moment last instead, let Steve have this moment before he had to accept reality, before he found out which path his future was to take by the end of the night.
So Steve had watched as Tony bought new and better and more expensive sheets and pillows and pajamas and robes. Tony had scattered all of these items around their bedroom with haphazard lacklustre. Meanwhile, Steve slowly introduced soft and worn pillows, requested that F.R.I.D.A.Y. disabled the fragrance dispenser in the penthouse for now, brought in the comfortable plush throw from his bedroom that Natasha had given him and he had used regularly. He watched with satisfaction as Tony always sought out the items Steve had brought in until finally, Tony threw his hands up and gave all the newly bought items to charity and declared that nest-making would be Steve’s job.
“Yeah, right. I’m going to find a waiter to bring me some real food, that’s my mission,” Bucky complained.
Okay, it was pretty amazing to have a real dragon hanging around the Avengers tower, to see her fly through the air and snap her wings out to slow her descent, landing with care on Tony’s shoulder.
Tony snorted, an inelegant sound unbefitting of Omegas. “S.H.I.E.L.D.’s assessment vastly overestimates Ty. I don’t know for sure, but in retrospect, Ty was probably Obie’s pawn. Ty really isn’t clever or strong enough to be a threat to anyone, let alone Obie. He would have been easily controlled by Obie, and if I had married Ty, then it would ensure that there wasn’t any random Alpha in my life that Obie didn’t have full control over. But of course, I didn’t know any of that back then. I just knew that Howard and Obie were hellbent on continuing with the ceremony and I would likely be pressured to choose Ty.”
Forcing himself not to rub the back of his neck, Steve answered with some embarrassment, “Yeah, I did.”
Bucky sighed. “I think you’re gonna have to brace for the level of stupid he’s going to take this to.”
“Is it really though? Is it crazy for me?” Tony asked with a smirk.
“Captain, I wish you good luck on your endeavours in courting Tony. I am, as they say, rooting for you,” Vision said from beside Wanda, looking a little uncomfortable in his black suit.
Steve should have expected what came next considering the events that had transpired, but he still wasn’t ready for the flash of bright light right as Tony tapped at the arc reactor in his chest. Steve nearly fell off the couch and he had to rapidly blink for a few seconds before his vision cleared.
Steve asked in a low voice, “Do you like it, Tony? Do you like being surrounded by my hand and that I’m moving you around to fuck you as I please?”
The flashy red and gold suit took a circuit around the room, flying in graceful criss-cross loops before speeding back to the stage that was closing up again. Tony flipped in the air, light as a butterfly, and then dropped right out of the air to land with reverberating impact on one knee, his fist on the ground for balance. He held the position, probably basking in the adoration of the clapping and shouting crowd.
“It really is,” Steve murmured, and then added, almost absent-mindedly, “I guess John is pretty cute as well.”
With a careful finger, Steve touched Tony’s side, as if that would somehow help him check for injuries. Tony rolled over and sat down on his bum, gripping the tip of Steve’s finger with a hand.
“What happened?” Steve demanded, jogging up to the police barricade.
Tony growled and then coughed, trying to cover up that momentary loss of control. He coughed again, a little embarrassed suddenly by that low throaty sound that had emerged from him, and said as calmly as he could pretend, “Yes, but Nat said she and Rhodey can cover the rest.”
The minutes ticked by and Steve found himself rooted to the spot, anxiety pumping through his veins as he waited and waited.
Tony frowned.
“It’s gorgeous,” Tony said, tracing the suit with a finger without touching the canvas. His voice was soft, unusually quiet. “I love it. Thank you.”
“I think I’m insulted. Rejected. Next!”
Groaning against Tony’s lips, Steve pulled back a little. His nostrils flared and he murmured, “I can smell you getting wet.”
In between thoughts of Tony and what all this meant, Steve clapped and cheered at some of the amazing magic tricks on stage. They went in for more food and drinks again much later in the night, Steve contributing nothing whatsoever to the conversation going on because his mind just kept replaying every sentence he had exchanged with Tony, examining every word from every angle.
Tony held onto his thumb and said, sincere apology in his voice,
Steve tugged his hand free of Tony’s gentle hold and shook his head. “No, no, I’m really fine. Sorry for the confusion. Your head of security looks like he’s looking for you, you might want to talk to him.”
Steve could only blame the unusual quiet for what happened next.
“Hello, Captain Rogers,” F.R.I.D.A.Y. said.
Or maybe it
Tony’s cool and rational scientific brain tried to point out that his hindbrain was being absurd and that his hormones were most likely creating a spike of possessiveness when surrounded by so many posturing Alphas, Betas and Omegas in one room, vying for their own political and personal gain. His logical mind was struggling to rise above the haze of hormones to correctly point out that Tony didn’t like when Alphas assumed he couldn’t handle himself and that, usually, he took enjoyment in verbally eviscerating Alphas who pressed their interest without taking the hint to go away.
Taking a deep breath, Steve forced the tension out of his body. Tony had entrusted bigger secrets than this with him and he hadn’t behaved any differently around Steve. With some wryness, he realized that he should have expected Tony’s genius to have figured things out early on.
Steve bent his head to Tony’s bared neck, breathing in deep and luxuriously. He let out a low, reverberating growl and wrapped his arms around Tony, lifting him off his feet. Before Tony could do more than squawk in surprise, he found that he was tipped forward and rolled onto the bed like an ungainly sausage.
# # # # # #
# # # # # #
Loud, impatient knocking started against the front door. Tony only smiled and shrugged when Steve looked at him questioningly. So Steve sighed and went to answer the door. At least Tony didn’t look perturbed so it couldn’t be that bad. Maybe Tony was just kidding around and that was their pizza arriving.
The rather big dog had long golden fur and floppy ears, with a very fluffy tail. That tail was tucked primly around the dog’s paws as he sat there, the picture of an alert dog. He also had a very familiar shield strapped to his back. But even if he didn’t have the shield, there was something very Steve-like about the way he was sitting. Maybe he was just radiating patriotism even as a dog. After a few seconds, the dog started barking at the cat, short sharp barks, as if snapping in response to the hissing.
“They’re made of the finest silk.”
Steve sighed. “You’re not wrong. Maybe we shouldn’t have started on the high end of town.”
Steve wrapped an arm around Tony’s waist and pulled him snugly close to him. “It’s so that no one sees what happens. You agreed on that yesterday.”
And damnit, but Steve did want to learn about Tony’s kind. This was the most interesting thing that happened to him during his extended holiday. Tony must have read the softening of Steve’s resolve on his face because he flung his hands up in the air in clear excitement. Of course, that cut off their contact so Steve couldn’t hear whatever Tony might be saying. Tony quickly grabbed Steve’s finger again, grinning.
Wild with desire, Tony ground down mindlessly, rolling his hips. He tried to stop himself, he really did, not wanting to suffocate Steve or injure him. But Steve’s hands clamped down on his ass, spread him wide and pulled him down harder. Message received loud and clear. Tony gasped at the realization that Steve wanted Tony to ride his face, squirmed at the feel of that unrelenting tongue probing and curling deep.
“I wasn’t actually considering them as scents,” Steve protested. “I was just thinking aloud when that salesperson was asking what things you like.”
And so, even though Steve didn’t want to do anything but maybe crawl back into the shower stall and drown himself, he went outside to face Bucky.
Tony looked as stunned as Steve felt. They had all met in the battle against Thanos, and as far as Steve knew, M’Baku had shown no interest in Tony at all. If anything, he had thought M’Baku and T’Challa might have been dancing around a topic of a mutual courtship.
Vision smiled down at Wanda. “You liked my Courting gift as well.”
“I thought you couldn’t dance,” Tony remarked, casual. The voice modulation on his mask wasn’t on and Steve wondered how anyone failed to recognize that voice. And if not the voice, then how could anyone miss those lovely eyes.
“It is the Asgardian way of apology,” Thor said, with a grin. With that, he leapt off the stage and disappeared into the crowd. If he had exited closer to their group, they would have probably called to him. All the better that he didn’t, since Steve might not have been able to tamp down the urge to fight him.
So while everyone else was arguing while calling it strategizing, Bucky sat on the steps of the New York Sanctum, watching as Steve and Tony interacted.
The Japanese ambassador Yamato, whom Tony was talking to before Alexandre and Vicente had appeared again, blinked slowly at this suddenly graphic description and turned to Tony. “I believe I must take my leave now. Let us talk again later when everyone is more settled down, Mister Stark.”
“Rogers. Stark.” He smiles, revealing two rows of unsettlingly white teeth. “What a coincidence your precious car broke down near this exact town, where we've been testing our little experiment.” The grin turns even sharper. “You're looking at the result of a bomb that does nothing, except for turning every living creature in its range to dust.”
That caused startled murmurs among the audience and Tony looked like he wanted to rest his face in his palm. Happy seemed torn between stepping between the box and Tony, and stepping right off the stage.
Shrugging, Tony rubbed at the come on his shoulders and arms like he was soaping up with Steve’s come. “I have to be so I can deal with crazy magical shenanigans like this. Anyway, I like comeplay, you know that.”
Steve replied, smiling to see Tony by his side again.
Tony swung onto Alexandre who was smirking and looking smug. Oh, that expression just pissed Tony off even more. Didn’t any of these idiots realize that Tony had much more important matters at hand to deal with, specifically one over-stepping Omega?
And he was right. Under normal circumstances, Tony would absolutely hate it. Steve knew him so well, the thought was enough to make Tony want to melt in his arms.
If they had both bonded already, their scents would be entwined. Most bonded couples didn’t bother with the fancy scents as gifts anymore, preferring their naturally shared scents. Sitting right next to Rhodey, Tony could clearly make out Rhodey’s familiar scent of heated tarmac and the stretch of lush cornfields melded with Carol’s electric scent of thunderstorms, jet fuel and something alien holding it all together. Neither of them wore any additional scents after their bonding.
It was unlikely Steve was going to be calling Tony by his first name. He wasn’t meant to be meeting Tony Stark at all. That was Nat’s job. He was just here as her backup.
Sighing, the creature said into Steve’s mind,
Steve had never let anyone look through his sketchbooks. They had been the source of Tony’s intense curiosity but Tony had never pushed either, seeming to recognize how private they would be.
Love...and
Then they came together again, soft and full of joy and love until their bodies sang out for them to join in a more carnal way.
Tony grinned and squeezed Steve’s softening knot. “Not as amazing as this.”
“Fuck.”
Steve let out a strangled cry and thrust all the way in, Tony’s wetness letting him slide right in even as Tony felt overwhelmed by the hard cock finally inside him. Clawing at the sheets, Tony felt weak, felt his body trembling with overwhelming desire at Steve’s large erection pinning him in place.
Steve let the water run over his body, trying to wash away his anxious pheromones. This was not what he wanted to be smelling like when he walked into the ceremony hall.
“Ugh, you leave me no choice. Now I’ve to admit that I kept talking to Vicente and Alexandre to see how you would react too,” Tony said grouchily.
It was a painting of the Avengers. Tony had been presented with a few beautiful team portraits and solo Iron Man portraits by artists much more talented than Steve. The artworks inevitably depicted them at their most heroic, at their bravest and strongest.
What the hell was his life that this was a valid sentence?
“So forget all about it,” Bucky said, shaking Steve by the shoulders. “Where’s the strategizing Captain we usually follow? Play to your strengths, compensate for your weaknesses. What you need to do now is observe your competition and be better than they are at whatever they’re trying to sell up there. The first step is getting your gift accepted.
It was strange. It wasn’t like Tony’s face or body had changed. Tony looked exactly the same, only small. Much smaller. Small enough that he could fit right on Steve’s hand. He was like a little Tony doll, except he wasn’t made of plastic and he wasn’t lifeless. This was still Tony right in front of him, full of Tony’s vim and vigor, but shrunken down so that he was only eight inches tall. He was standing on a small stack of books on his workbench that he had climbed on like he wanted the extra height. Unfortunately, even with that extra height, he still had to look up at Steve who was sitting down on what was usually Tony’s chair.
“I could fill out the tub so that it’s full and prop my phone on the edge of the tub?” Steve offered.
“Did he ask you to come out here?” Steve guessed.
# # # # # #
“And that he was cheating scum,” Steve continued.
Take the ambassadors of France and Portugal. They had been trying to monopolize Tony’s attention for the entire mingling portion of the International Response to Extraterrestrial Emergencies first committee meeting. It had been half an hour since all the serious discussions had finished and the meeting had broken up for some nibbles and for people to stretch their legs before they went crazy from all the humdrum and endless sitting.
None of this was doing much for his self-confidence, and he wondered if it was too late to join in the mud-wrestling instead.
Tony turned at that warning and immediately ducked away from where an electric whip cracked with shocking loudness against the glossy stone floor. The flooring cracked and shattered under the whip, which didn’t bode well for everyone in the vicinity. That weapon could easily kill someone.
“You don’t
“You have your spare arc reactors?” Steve asked.
Soft lips pressed against his. It wasn’t a light peck, there and gone again. This was a
Smiling, Steve said, “I won’t be changing my tune. It’s always going to be worth it.”
“Sam, Sam Wilson, what do you plan to do here as Tony’s guests?”
All of a sudden, someone jumped onto the stage without waiting to be called. The man walked over to Tony, holding out his arms like he expected a hug. “Tony, I give to you what I meant to give to you all those years ago if not for the unfortunate cancellation of your first and only Courting ceremony.”
“Charity?” Steve asked, puzzling over that. “How does charity fit into this?” Unlike most of the Maria Stark Foundation’s charity galas, there had been no entry or table costs.
It's Monday somewhere in the world still, right? Sorry about that... I went on a road trip and time became meaningless once I got back!
, showed that there were worse things than rejection. Steve had been thinking — that was all he was doing, thinking, not
“Oh my god,” Steve said, eyes snapping up. “You have
It was like the demand went straight to Steve’s hindbrain. He reared back onto his knees and without even blinking, he gripped the collars of his shirt and jacket between both fists and ripped them both off like they were made of paper. He shrugged his broad shoulders, letting the pieces fall off his arms in a swift movement. Tony gasped at that stunning move, at the sudden appearance of bared perfection right at his fingertips. He reached out and touched Steve’s body, ran his fingers over those heaving pecs and abs, noticing how they tensed and flexed under his fingers.
Which was probably why Steve could be excused for...well, forgetting what was usually on his desk.
But Tony didn’t even look the least bit torn. He only rolled his eyes and declared loudly, “My Courting Ceremony is not a democracy, you don’t get a vote here. Objection overruled.”
The crowd started to murmur in mild agitation but Tony just raised his hands again, signalling for their full attention.
Gentle fingers touched the rim of the arc reactor, now a nanite casing as well as a power source for the Iron Man suit.
“Are you sure you don’t want to just leave them like this?” Doctor Strange asked. “They seem so much more peaceful this way.”
The thing was that Steve and Tony were fine. They were fine, completely alright. Oh sure, there had been tense moments, harsh and low arguments late into the night, but they had worked through their issues. Shouted, cried, apologized and hugged it out. It was hard to hold grudges when Tony had staggered off that plane with Nebula and nearly collapsed straight into Steve’s arms when Steve had run towards him. They had both clung to each other, obviously amazed and relieved that the other was alive.
Laughing, Tony kissed Steve’s hand and then his wrist, kissed up the forearm covering his eyes until Steve moved his arm and smiled up at Tony, hapless to the butterfly kisses brushed against his skin. “Sorry, Steve, but I’m never going to let it go. I have bragging rights for bagging the Alpha of Alphas.”
Bucky thought this would be the end of Steve and Tony’s strangeness, and that Steve would go back to moping over Tony while not doing a single damn thing over it.
Tony turned away, hoping against hope that he was mistaken and that Tiberius fucking Stone wasn’t heading right for them.
He was in the Avengers tower, after travelling to New York from California. His apartment in the tower was untouched, left as is, ready for him to use any time he was visiting. Even though he knew he could ask F.R.I.D.A.Y. for any sort of specially scented soap and shampoo, he was using his usual scentless shampoos and scentless soap. He knew it was a decision that could possibly cost him Tony’s favor, because the other suitors would be wearing all kinds of scent-blockers to hide their nerves, or scent-enhancers to smell more attractive. Going natural scented was old-fashioned and considered to be a disadvantage.
Several security guards came forward, but Tiberius still stupidly took another step forward. Suddenly, a gauntlet formed over Tony’s hand, nanites glittering as they poured out at great speed until Tony was armed in less time than it took to blink.
Steve rolled his eyes and walked to the side of the stage where everyone seemed to be entering from. Since he was quite near to the front, there wasn’t far to go. A man with an earpiece on, marking him as security, gestured him to stand in line. There were two more people in front of him, one visibly nervous while the other looked cocksure. They were standing close enough for Steve to make out their scents, no longer muted by the neutral spring water scent sprayed throughout the venue. The one who was visibly nervous was wearing scent-blockers so it was strange to look at him fidgeting so much but only be left with a sterilely clean impression. Meanwhile, the other suitor was practically drenched in Alpha-enhancing pheromones. He smelled like ten Alphas concentrated into one human. It was off-putting and strange to say the least.
It was a pretty great nest, although Steve’s opinion might be biased since he was the one who had put most of it together. Nests were meant to be built by the couple as part of the preparation process done together before an Omega’s heat. But Steve had found out early that Tony was a little hopeless at nest building.
Steve remembered him as the guy whose gifts of multiple cars by different makers had ultimately been rejected by Tony. It had been a ridiculous choice for a gift considering how Tony tended to customize his own cars and had a preference for Audis anyway, but Steve still felt a squirm of uncertainty deep in his gut at this complaint. It was legitimate. Compared to a collection of cars, it was even harder to sell his gifts as a single present considering his only theme tying them all together was that they were made by him. He looked at Tony with some trepidation.
,” Steve interrupted with horrified emphasis.
“Steve Rogers, over here please. Is that a new Captain America suit?”
But Tony wasn’t paying attention to the glass or the plastic bag or even Steve anymore. He was lying flat on his front, flashy tail waving in the air behind him as he tapped on Steve’s phone with his palms. Steve raised his eyebrows at how Tony worked the phone with confidence, when Steve was pretty sure that this was the first time Tony had ever used one. He seemed to be mostly using Google.
But Steve wasn’t as enamored with her as Tony obviously was. For one thing, Amber wasn’t actually a pet dog or pet cat. She wasn’t trainable, she didn’t listen to orders and they had no idea what normal behavior was for her. Doctor Strange had been serious when he had said he didn’t want to hear from them again, so their resident expert was of no help either.
As Steve drew in his breath, Tony reached out and touched both the arc reactors hanging around Steve’s neck.
But this, this whole event, the fact that it was a Courting Ceremony… It was more than what the team normally did for each other. Surely this was significant.
The sight was so hot, it was almost enough to sear Steve’s vision away.
them stay. I’m asking if anyone of them
At their wedding, they invited John Oliver too. He cried a lot during the ceremony and wasn’t ashamed to say it at all on his next show.
.” As he talked, he turned the little case to the audience so they could see the delicately wrought earrings, one clearly a representation of DUM-E while the other was U, both with a vial each to be worn behind the earlobes. “They even move!” Tony crowed as he poked at the DUM-E scentear, showing how his arm went up and down.
Amber flew back to Tony’s shoulder and settled down, curling around his neck. When Steve brought over a drink for Tony, she flared her neck frills and her wings, hissing at him.
They ate in companionable silence for a few minutes, both absorbed in their own thoughts about what just happened.
“What? Wait, do you mean...he’s had sex with some of the people here?
“Since the store wasn't locked and whoever lives in that house skipped turning the gas off when they left, I say they were in a hurry.” And just for a moment, there is the spark back in Tony's eyes as he rolls them at Steve's admittedly subpar conclusion but it's short-lived and the unease comes back, settling into the slight crinkles around Tony's eyes and mouth.
It was a fair question. Tony had a way with computers and the way he got into Steve’s bank account so easily meant that he likely could do it for other people’s bank accounts too.
But Tony was determined to ignore how empty his hole felt because all he wanted right now was to gorge himself on Steve’s absurdly beautiful cock.
“Coffee,” Steve said immediately, thinking of how Tony could be lured into the communal kitchen with freshly brewed coffee, even when he was half-asleep and barely coherent. Maybe
For the first time since the car stalled, Steve looks out at their surroundings and realizes that their odds of someone driving by are pretty low. The desert landscape around them stretches for miles, and the road - although well maintained - does not have frequent vehicular traffic. If anyone else was going to drive by, Steve and Tony would have noticed.
Then Steve’s fingers were gone and Tony was going to protest when nothing happened immediately except he heard the sound of the wet slide of skin against skin. He turned his head to the side, craning, until he saw Steve running his wet palm over his cock. Oh god… he had used Tony’s slick on his own cock. The thought and sight made Tony throb, made his hole clench with want. Steve met his rapacious gaze and drew his hand slowly down his hard length, parting his own legs so Tony could better see how his pants, only unbuttoned and unzipped, strained around his thick thighs. His thick cock was wet with Tony’s slick and Steve’s own precome, standing out proud from the open pants, peeking out from between Steve’s large hands.
Which reminded him… Frowning, Steve said grimly, “Now for the
It was War Machine’s pilot, James Rhodes, and he looked angry as he strode into the room.
Tony’s smug smile turned into a happy and bright one, the joy of it familiar and never failed to make Steve’s heart squeeze with reciprocal happiness. Steve realized that maybe he hadn’t realized how attractive Tony was before his transformation, but there had definitely been something more going on between them even before this moment.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Steve said, his blush travelling down the back of his neck.
And this Courting Ceremony? It was perfect.
Steve stared at him, jaw just hanging open in shock.
Then, T’Challa’s bracelet of beads glowed slightly and he read the text that projected above the main bead.
The detective winced, “I know you are angry Mr Stark and I understand…”
“We both are.” MJ said, “But we were trying to help. Osborn is a bastard, he’s doing human experiments!”
*****
Tony allowed himself a smile, at least he and Steve would have the bed to themselves for a few hours. After the day he’d had, the least he deserved was some sexy fun times with the Captain. A glance Steve’s way showed that Steve was thinking much the same which certainly boded well for a good night of rampant sex while the boys toasted marshmallows and star gazed.
“Is he gonna die?” Zach whimpered his voice tiny and frightened, Peter’s head snapped around to look at his brother and his heart broke at the sight of him tear streaked and pale with fear. Silently he grabbed hold of the younger boy and pulled him into a tight hug, shedding more tears of his own as Zach cried into his shoulder.
The next twelve years are going to be hard, far harder than you can imagine if you make the same mistakes I did. That is why I am writing this to you, to give you a chance to make different choices so you don’t have to face the same losses and have the same regrets as me.
“I resent being called evil.” Jarvis said, “But I and Friday would welcome assistance in keeping Dumm-E, Butterfingers, and YOU occupied.”
“You’re not asking, I’m offering.” Steve said with a smile, “And no arguments, nor from you, Soldier.” He said with a mock stern voice to Zach, “A good soldier follows his orders or he is put on a charge for insubordination, that means he doesn’t get blueberry pancakes and isn’t allowed to watch Dr Who!” Zach’s eyes widened,
Steve nodded, “It was. I was afraid and I felt very lost and alone. Part of me was happy, we had won the war, Hitler had been defeated and everything I had been fighting for had come about, albeit decades after the fall of Hitler.”
“Tell you to go to hell!” Peter snarked and yelped as the Doctor backhanded his face.
Tony mumbled something, wriggling more and Steve bit hard on his lip hoping that the pain would distract him from his raging hard on.
“Tony!”
*****
“Oh is that right, are you giving Uncle Happy a hard time, Stellina?” Tony asked bouncing Zach slightly, “How about we go have a bath, eh? Lots of big bubbles and we’ll get you ready for bed, yeah?”
Brooklyn 2012
“You are very welcome to stay in the tower with us.” Tony said, “You have a place with us and maybe you can find your Path here. In fact you are all welcome.” He said, addressing, Darcy, Jane, and Eric Selvig.
“I do, and he is. But that is us and we had close relationships with our Mothers, which you have said you did not. And I am sure you did cry for her when she died.” Tony nodded and Steve smiled, “Then that is more than enough. No could expect more of you, not when she failed to protect you from Howard and his cruelty.”
Steve however read the situation, quickly he scooped Tony up bridal style and carried him to the bathroom, set him down before the toilet supporting Tony’s weight and held him as Tony doubled over and vomited into the bowl.
“Gahah!” Tony gagged, shoving Deadpool away from himself.
“Yes, only I am worthy.” Thor replied, “Mjolnir bestows her great power on but a few.”
“Ross.” The former Doctor said, “General Ross and Senator Stern.”
“Maybe he decided to stay in Switzerland.” He offered, “He’d probably have been wounded, needed time to heal. Maybe he heard of your death and decided that it was better to stay where he was, to build himself a new life, somewhere new.”
“No it isn’t,” Steve said, “Its about finding Tony.” He uncrossed his arms, letting them fall loosely to his sides but his fists were balled. “Where is he?”
Opening his eyes he found himself flush against the wall sticking to it like gum.
“They knew, they knew about this and they kept it from me.” Tony snarled, pushing past Steve,
“Who then?” Tony asked, “AIM, more of Killian’s psycho’s?”
“I wasn’t listening.” Tony added, and Steve just rolled his eyes, and got back to work, introducing the Doombots to the business end of his shield, with Thor roaring over head and taking great pleasure wrapping the Bots around Mjolnir. Hulk is leaping from building to building snatching bots out of the sky smashing into his fist or each other.
“How you doing munchkin?” Tony asked taking off his tie and undoing his top collar button.
“Zach please, you can go and in and say goodnight to your brother at bedtime.” Tony said tried to persuade Zach, “You can spend a few minutes reading with him….”
“It’s okay.” Steve assured him, “I’m just going to get your tie off.”
Steve felt tired, so very tired. He wanted to say no, to go and join Pepper in the infirmary by Happy’s bedside and wait for the end. But he couldn’t do that, he couldn’t condemn Lily. It was bad enough she’d lost her Daddy, would soon loose her Mother, she didn’t need to loose her Papa and her life.
“Why should I tell you?”
Everything was burning.
The man was thoughtful, caring, deeply protective of those around him, including Tony. Did not feel the need to posture or constantly show that he was the leader.
“You stupid, arrogant, bull-headed, imbecile!” Bucky roared punching Rogers until he was on the ground, “You think I wanted this, you think I wanted you attacking innocent people, you think I wants a black widow or Hydra’s Witch invading my privacy?”
“Why would you not give him coffee?” Zach innocently asked. Tony chose to ignore that in favour of glaring at Steve, who took his sweet time in finishing his coffee before finally helping to free Tony from the sand.
“And tell them what?” Tony asked, “We’ve no proof Cap, if we go to the cops, the FBI, or CIA, or hell, even the president himself, it’d be our word against the Undersecretary of the WSC, without unequivocal evidence our accusations would be dismissed as hearsay.”
A Tardis. Maybe ten years from now Zach would build one in Tony’s lab and that would be how his future self would travel back in time.
As angry as their parents were they were not going to deny their children the chance to check on Peter, however at present it was only family allowed at the hospital so visits would have to wait.
Breathing shakily Peter sat up and wiped his cheeks, “Is….who….who’s hurt?” he asked shakily.
“Should we try and contact Natasha?” Steve asked picking up one of the burner phones, it was heavy and clunky, nothing like the sleek Stark Phone he was used to using.
Peter made a choking noise and hurried to his bedroom, frankly he would be happy to do anything to avoid watching that video ever again.
“Okay we’ll go home.” Tony said adjusting his weight, he gave Steve an understanding smile, but Steve still felt like he had a lead weight in his stomach and hated that he had been the cause of Zach becoming upset, that he’d ruined this day for him.
*****
Sam had lent Steve and Tony baseball caps to wear and hoodies to help conceal their appearance from anyone who may be watching for them. The two of them made their way to the Captain America exhibit and stood with tourists pretending to be interested in the exhibit.
“Now remember, both of you, if you get upset or stressed you call us immediately.” Tony said and dropped the boys off, “Don’t hesitate or try to deal with it yourselves, just call me or Steve.”
“Uh a basic kit, nothing fancy.” Sam said joining Tony by the suit, “What do you need?”
"Yeah we're still waiting. The Doctor's think it's toxic shock, we don't know anymore yet." Steve told her, "Listen, we need one of you to meet Zach at three and..." He paused and looked to Tony, "Do you want him to come here?" Tony paused and then shook his head, "Just take him home and we'll see him later."
Steve let out several hoarse sounding cries as he and Tony flew over Washington, Tony wanted to comfort him, to tell him that everything would be alright, but his throat was too bruised, too swollen for him to speak much, and his ribs, where he’d hit the piler were throbbing, likely he’d broken one or more and his injured arm was agony, all of this combined made Tony unable to do anything but hold Steve, trying to get them as far away as possible before the damaged suit gave out and he was forced to make a landing or risk them crashing.
“Fire extinguisher?” Clint asked raising a hand to his face to shield himself from the heat coming off Zach. “I’m not trying to be funny, it might just shock him enough to snap him out of this.”
“You look like you did during your first few weeks with Zach. Are you pregnant?”
Tony shot a glare at his eldest son, Peter was becoming way too smart mouthed. Little brat was clearly spending too much time about bad influences, like Clint, Natasha, and himself.
“Cheeze feef.” Zach giggled, he still tended to pronounce TH as F and eese as Z.
“Sass will not get you into my pants, Captain.” Tony sniffed haughtily.
“We do have some good, or at least news.” Natasha said, “Jarvis can you pull up the map?”
“Jesus!” Natasha cried pushing off the rocks and dived under the water to look for Tony.
“Yeah, but what would be the fun in that?” Tony asked, smiling as he watched film Steve bundle his film self away to their bedroom before they were recorded making porn. “I still think we’d have gotten better ratings if you’d let us include some sexy fun times.”
“They’re fucking!” Wade yelled, his voice cutting Clint off, “Its celebration sex mixed with rescue sex, hell it’s like celebration sex and rescue sex had sex together, it is all the sexes at once!”
“Tony honey, oh God, thank God!”
“You’re drooling Mamma.”
“That explains the super healthy body-builder lunches you’ve been having.” MJ said. She wiped her fingers on kitchen towel, “So are you really going to wait until after college to start being a superhero?”
Carefully Steve awoke Zach and set him down on his feet as he rose to go and speak to the Doctor.
“Oh come on you girl, come out of there it freakin stinks in here.” MJ complained giving the stall and thump with her fist, she glared as a couple of boys came into the toilets to make use of the urinals intimidating them so much that they left to go and use the gym toilets instead.
A pretty busy time followed the Documentary, which had convinced people that the Avengers were A-Insane, B-lived in a frat house/mental asylum, and C-Were a crazy but lovable dysfunctional family.
With shaking fingers Tony fumbled with his tie until Steve’s hands closed over his, “Let me,” He said deftly undoing Tony’s tie and taking it off him, next came his shirt and distress contorted Steve’s face as he beheld Tony’s bared torso. Not because of the arc reactor scarring, he’d seen that before, plenty of times when they were a team. It was the prominence of Tony’s bones and his sunken belly that distressed Steve.
“Not Hannah Morgan?”
Tony managed a small smile, “I am, and who might you be, and what Unit you with?” He asked gesturing to the tags.
“Morgan.”
*****
“Stay laying down baby boy.” A straw was pushed between his lips and Peter sucked on it, drinking cold water eagerly. As he got his bearings he saw Tony and Steve at his bedside in a stark white room with too bright lights and a stench of disinfectant.
“No?” Peter asked looking up at his Mother.
“What the fuck?” He whispered staring down at himself, that felt like…like…but that was…he couldn’t be…pregnant?
“Paediatrics.” Bruce replied, “Steve is with him, he lost a lot of blood but he’s going to be alright.”
“And where would that be?” Reynolds fired back, “These children are enhanced. Where could they possibly go that they won’t be treated as different to others, how many foster homes to do think will be willing to take them considering the media attention it would automatically attract, and there is no way such a home could remain anonymous, the boys would be recognized and then someone would tip off the press and there would be two dozen journalists camping on the front step.”
“I just wanted it to be perfect.” Tony said morosely.
Jarvis paused before answering, “I fear I do not know. This is a situation we have never faced before, I am uncertain how to advise.”
“Is everything okay?” He asked, while Vision and Sam filed in with Matt.
“Yeah!”
“No, not the Captain America uniform.” Steve laughed, “I mean my Army uniform.”
“Oh?” Natasha rose an eyebrow.
“The hell I’ll regret it.” Tony yelled, trying to break out of Vision’s grip, “God damnit, let me go!”
“Stake out?” Peter asked.
The Asset would have to think about this, but first he needed to be fixed. Get his arm fixed and get his mission accomplished, then he might have time to think.
Thor quickly settled into life at the Tower, happily joining in with the activities and making it his home. Odin it seemed had granted him leave from Asgard to enjoy his time on Earth with his human friends and was not demanding that he return home as he normally would.
“We don’t have to talk now.” Steve said, “It’s late, we’re both tired and…” He paused and frowned, “Can you repeat that?” He asked not quite catching what Tony had mumbled.
“I got an A Plus on my spelling test.” Zach declared, “And my friend Cal’s birthday is in two weeks and he’s invited me to his party.” Sure enough he pulled a shiny party invitation out of his pocket and thrust it at Tony, who scanned the invite.
Tony shook his head after a few moments, “Not ones who would have had opportunity the way Hydra would, if they had prior knowledge of the attack.” He glanced up at the camera nearest him, “J, look through SI employees, those who have taken a recent leave of absence or resigned their job. Discount holidays and Maternity or Paternity leave.”
Natasha, he gotten a beautiful floor length Green chiffon dress with emerald earrings and matching necklace.
She had greeted the Avengers with warmth but was clearly rather overwhelmed by all the attention her Son’s assistance of Tony had brought them, and how much Tony was willing to do to repay the kindness shown him.
Tony did feel sorry for Harry. He might be a brat but he didn’t deserve to be uprooted and dumped by his Father. The police had kept the identity of the relative secret to try and protect them and Harry, the boy shouldn’t be made to suffer for what his Father had done, but there would be plenty of people that would take out their grievances on him in Norman’s place.
*****
“Whats flirtin’?” Zach asked. Peter frowned thinking about how best to explain this to Zach.
“No.” Tony protested even though it was pointless,
******
He could of course just do as he always did, only this time have Steve baby sit while he got through it alone, but the truth was, Tony didn’t want to go through it alone, he wanted to share this with Steve, to enjoy his heat; not because he wanted to get pregnant, he didn’t, between Zach, Peter, and the Avengers he had more than enough going on without adding a baby to the mix, nor were he and Steve remotely ready for having a Pup of their own, maybe in a few years, but not yet.
The older children milled around together, speaking in groups and dancing to the music the DJ was spinning, a couple of the more courageous ones asked for kisses under the mistletoe which resulted in red cheeks and giggles.
But, while Zach had been a baby and a toddler that had been pretty easy, he’d slept a lot as a baby as infants do, so aside from having Jarvis monitor him and going to him when he needed changing, feeding, or just wanted a cuddle, Tony hadn’t needed to do that much to entertain him.
“You have no reason to be sorry and every reason to be upset. Don’t feel bad about that, Tony.” He handed Tony a couple of tissues from his pocket, gratefully Tony took them and blew his nose.
Norman Osborn was delighted when he saw Harry with his broken nose, black eyes, and split lips, the fact he had cracked cheek bones was the icing on the cake as far as he was concerned.
Despite all of this, the family had just about fit into the bed and after a goodnight story for Zach they had settled down and gone to sleep.
Although Tony was certain he wouldn’t be relaxing. Not when he would be fighting off ants, flies, mosquitos, neck and back ache, and quite possibly a masked psychopath from a slasher flick.
“Nice potato gun.” Tony drawled at the boy, “Your aims a little wide, and now you’re out of ammo so….”
“Mr Parker-Stark you are coming to the office.” One of the teachers said sternly. “On your feet, and with me now.”
“Wonderful, so she’s not only enhanced, she’s insane.” Clint groaned.
“Not a munchkin.” Peter said.
“I am unsure as to the merits of Peter’s punishment and the fact that it is causing Zach such distress.” Thor said, “Are such methods common practise by parents on Midgard?”
“How about we make the walk back to the car very slow?” Steve offered after he settled the bill.
Again Peter nodded. Maybe if he got his senses under control then it might turn out to be kind of cool to have them, enhanced senses could be useful in a battle. He could see and hear danger before it approached, he’d be able to smell toxins and track scents. He could be a superhero!
“Right behind you Cap.” Natasha said.
“Has something happened?” Steve asked, “During the night, or this morning?” it could have only been within the last few hours or else he’d have been there.
“Recognize anyone?” Tony asked Steve who glared at the new comers, and nodded his head,
“Hmm, what kind of new ways?” Tony asked running his fingers over the back of Steve’s hand, and looking up at him through his eyelashes,
Steve looked around in amazement, what Tony described as basic was in fact luxury to anyone else, plush stylish corner suite sofa sat around an antique fire place that had holographic flames which Tony just had to show off to Steve, a huge TV mounted above said fire place, an over stuffed arm chair and puff sat before one of the two towering book cases which at present were empty save for a few artfully placed ornaments.
“Dude, I’m not eighteen yet.” Peter cried plaintively,
“Don’t hurt him, he doesn’t know what he’s doing.” He cried.
“Our training sessions involve trust building exercises, simulated combat training and rescue missions. We do these both in full combat gear and in civilian clothes, so we will be prepared no matter what.”
“Sir likes to plan ahead for the safety of those he loves.” Jarvis explained, “He has similar plans for Colonel Rhodes, the Rhodes family, Pepper Potts, her family, Eric Selvig, Darcy Lewis, Jane Foster, Bruce Banner, Sam Wilson and his Mother, and yourself Agent Romanoff.”
Zach giggled as he hid behind Dumm-E, the bot beeped menacingly and waived his fire extinguisher in warning at Butterfingers and U, Butterfingers was wielding a mop angrily and U was tossing random items of fruit and veg. From above them Clint could be heard cackling and every so often he would hang out of the vents throw wet toilet tissue down onto the bots and Zach.
The sounds of screams, sobbing, and choking echoed around the barren, dying earth, screams of people, of animals, of everything as it burned into ashes.
Rhodey fired again and Ebony Maw joined the ship leaving just a burn mark on the ground when he had been. Seconds later Tony and Steve disengaged from Glaive and he too was taken out.
“I thought we’d sorted this out at the hospital.” Steve said, “You don’t have to prove anything to me, I’m not going anywhere, I love you regardless of whether or not we have an active sex life.”
The lift pinged and a cheerful Indian man came into the common area, waving his hand in greeting,
He was also thankful that Tony refused to let him go to Lydia’s party, he was still terrified that MJ would some how force him to wear leather and he’d spend the night being molested by pervy pubescents. Tony did however agree to him going to the movies with MJ and Ned but gave him a strict curfew of eleven on Friday night.
Tony snarled something unintelligible, squirmed around, refusing to open his eyes and promptly fell out of bed.
The first thing Steve did was take a selfie of him and Tony snuggling and posted it on Facebook, the put out the Tweet #Thisislove.
“It is.” Steve said, having to fight past the lump in his throat to get the words out. But it wasn’t okay, he knew it wasn’t okay that it wasn’t going to be okay, Tony was paralysed and Steve had no idea how to deal with it, how Tony would deal with it when he woke up and found out.
Okay, maybe he was, but only a tiny bit, and if his jaw was protesting from him grinding his teeth then it was his business and his alone!
A single gunshot rang out and faster than the bullet was traveling, faster than any eyes could follow, Vision had moved and swept the baby up into his arms, carrying her to safety as Kovarian’s head exploded, his body crumpling to the ground revealing Steve standing a few yards away, filthy, panting, and holding a gun which he threw down as he advanced on Vision and the baby.
An argument had ensued, Tony’s pride and desire to keep on punishing himself preventing him from giving in to Steve. They had stood there for several minutes, Tony getting angrier and more agitated until finally he’d tried to shove past Steve, resulting in his getting picked up from the ground and carried to bed, with Steve ignoring all of his protests and depositing him on his bed, determinedly pinning him down when he’d tried to struggle to get back up and demanded to know why Tony was so set on destroying himself.
“From what Steve’s said, we’ll be looking at Chitauri, those leviathans, the Space whale things, and some kind of mutant hyena beasts, along with his generals, or “Children” as he likes to call them”
“No.” He whispered looking to the arc reactor that was meant to be glowing, only it wasn’t, it was dim like a bulb gone out. Steve lowered his head regretting every heated word he’d ever said to Tony on the Helicarrier, hating that he’d not gotten the chance to say he was sorry, or to actually try to get to know the Omega.
“Pietro Maximoff has been enhanced with extreme speed.” Jarvis said, “He moves at something close to the speed of light, the tests he under went could not provide an exact speed, but what the data suggested was well above the speed of sound.”
Tony supposed he should see that as a blessing, he wouldn’t be bed bound of wheelchair bound for months on end as a normal person would. But he couldn’t see this as a blessing right now, could only see it for what it was.
“Would you be head teacher?” Zach asked looking up at Pepper, “Would we have to wear uniforms?”
A whimper on his left reminded him that he was not the only one left, Lily was here too.
“Genuine?” Natasha asked with a frown.
“Alright then, Peter, you ready?” Steve called, picking up the backpack and slipped it onto one shoulder,
The host balked and shook his head, “How anyone could do that to another person, to a child is beyond belief. That man is evil, and I hope the authorities catch up with him soon.”
“My Parents!” Tony yelled, “Your boyfriend murdering my parents!” Rogers paled. He’d never been a good liar, but his face revealed the truth without him having to say a word. It wasn’t shock on his face, or grief, it was guilt.
"No honey it's not your fault." Steve assured you.
“Mamma, where are my shoes?” Peter shouted.
Rogers heard the Iron Man suit before Tony landed.
“Yeah, okay, but I don’t bend there.” Tony protested, squirming under Natasha’s grip, “Seriously Nat, that bit you’re saying I need to bend and twist with, I don’t have, I am lacking that bit on my body, hey! Hands, cold hands, really cold hands.” Tony batted Natasha away making her snort and roll her eyes. “Sam, you’re up as the next victim.” Tony said rolling out of the ring.
“Oh they’re up state, in the compound,” At Steve’s frown Tony explained, “There was a bad fight recently, an AI called Ultron, my fault, and I’ve left the Avengers.”
“This is awesome!” Peter laughed experimentally lifting one hand up above his head.
“Are you okay?” Steve asked eyeing the bandages that he could see peeking out from Tony’s collar and the one about his hand, he’d also noticed the wince Tony had given when he’d held him.
“How?” Steve growled, hating the idea of someone doing this to Tony, even if it had saved his life, this had been done against his will, had been effectively poisoning him, risking his life had he reacted badly, and the pain he’d likely have suffered…
Accessories after the fact, perverting the course of justice, aiding and abetting, the list went on with the crimes they’d be charged with and there was no statute of limitations on murder.
Really!
Peter chose an two old track suits to use for his costume, the material was fairly thick and it held the Kevlar well. It was painstaking work, getting the two materials to hold together wasn’t easy and Peter was having to work on his outfit when his parents were in bed, which gave him limited time as he still needed to get some sleep before school.
He had also become aware that the numbness was not wearing off, the floppiness in his arms had lessened and he was regaining coordination there, he could squeeze the Doctor’s hands, squeeze a pressure ball, hold his hands out in front of him, he was also able to answer the simple questions put to him with a yes or a no, he knew his name, date of birth, place of birth, etc.
“I could murder a double bacon burger about now.” Clint said,
“Oh yes, it’s time.” May said, “We need towels, something to cut the cord, and something to wrap the baby in.”
Tony snorted, “You’re not fallible, you’re perfect.”
“Mr Stark?” The Doctor said coming into the room with social services.
“Fuck you, and yes we survived.” Tony retorted, “And why are you here, shouldn’t you be off doing some semi-covert military stuff that I am not supposed to know anything about?”
“And yes, Peter not having classes with those two would be an excellent idea.” Tony said to the principal, “So long as you are happy with that?”
“He did.” Steve agreed, “Thankfully Killian was defeated, and Tony was able to complete the serum and stabilize it in Zach, saving his life.”
“You said the F word.” Wade said, sounding serious for once,
“Indeed Agent Romanoff, which is why I and part of the Iron Legion are here.”
Inside him he felt the baby shift and push against the walls of his womb, the sensation made him double over and clasp his abdomen as if he’d been winded.
“Then what?” Tony demanded, “I’m hallucinating, sleep walking, if not mental health then what?” He shook his head and ran his hands through his hair, “Friday has already given me a scan, I don’t have a tumour or a blood clot, no brain abnormalities at all. There is no other explanation.”
Steve had never heard Jarvis sound so tense, he’d heard the AI express many emotions in his speech pattens, exasperation, fondness, irritation, amusement, resignation, and kindness. Fear was something new and Steve did not like it.
“I’m not going to hurt you.” Natasha says clearly, hands raised as she walks in.
confidence, but his words do the exact opposite. Most alphas who are half as attractive as this one have all of their lines written out and ready to go at the drop of a hat, but this guy seems much less rehearsed.
“Oh, and uh, Captain Blondie?” Logan taunts.
It takes a second for Steve to realize that Bruce had long sense run from the room, and Steve thinks he can hear the Hulk’s roar in the distance.
Not that Tony cared.
Okay well
Tony gives him a funny look before looking where Steve was pointing at his shirt, and realizing what Steve meant. “Some band Petey likes, I think. It was his favorite shirt when he was younger, but now it doesn’t fit him.” Tony shrugs, walking into the bathroom and searching for his toothbrush. “Where is my toothbrush?””
“What?!?” Tony yells, but Natasha shushes him.
yeet. this is so cringe. im looking at this in 2019 considering re-writing but.... safe yourself from the cringe and just follow
“Sir, it would seem that my systems are mal-
Keeping even more secrets, meeting even more friends :)
“You.” A shaking finger was thrust into his face. Tony looked up at his father, recognizing the look of pure hatred. Howard Stark was angry. “It’s your fault, huh?” His father all but screamed.
“I am Loki, Son of- well, just Loki… for now…” The man, Loki, said. Tony could feel the confusion and uncertainty in his words. Suddenly, Tony remembered something Nick had mentioned in the de-briefing.
There was an exaggerated sigh, “With me, obviously. Ant, I think I’ve got your dad on the phone or something.” Peter said away from the phone
“Guys, stop!” Tony says, finally scrambling off of the floor and couch. Still in just his underwear he blushes lightly when all eyes return to him. “Peter’s my friend. He’s been kind of my only friend ever since—well-“
He soon found out why.
“You already look tired, Tony.” Bruce pointed out. Bruce knew the kid didn’t get enough sleep. Anyone could tell by the dark color under his young eyes. Bruce wanted to talk to him about his sleeping habits, as a doctor and as Tony’s friend. “If you’re having trouble sleeping Tony, I can always giv-“ Bruce was cut off by Tony.
Anyways, I love y’all!
There’s
“I’ve got it kid-“
“You don’t know that.” Tony said quietly, another sniffle escaping him.
“Yeah, Hulk. Thanks to you he’s better now.” Steve said.
Steve fell back into his chair unsteadily before muttering a certain, “I’ll find him.”
THE RE-WRITE IS UP LADIES
Wolf-man looked mad.
Hours later in the gala, Tony was already bored out of his mind. It was half past nine, thankfully. Tony honestly hadn’t freaked that much out about becoming a spy (because that’s totally what he is now mind what anyone else says). He might have done a quick victory dance, sure, but he almost immediately went back to his work.
*****
Whoever this person was, they wanted Tony to make a choice, one just like his father had in the past. Tony’s mind immediately goes to Stark Industries. This would not be the first time someone had tries to influence his decisions as CEO. And if this person wanted him to make a choice that his father had made, then it’s clear that Tony’s doing something with the company that Howard wasn’t doing.
Surprisingly, not much comes up in his research.
He has Jarvis check and double check once more.
It was like building a new creation and nothing will work until- light bulb- and the lights start flickering and parts start moving- and wow, it’s all bright and alive and beautiful again.
"I know you don't want to talk about it, and we don't have to." Steve says quickly as they're laying face-to-face. "I just want to say that I hope you know I really respect you, not just as a team member but as a person. You're incredible." The alpha's hand runs down Tony's back lightly and he can tell that Steve wants to say more. "You mean a lot to me, Tony." Steve says and Tony closes his eyes, trying his best not to let his heart race away like it wants to.
Tony takes his time. The constant thrum that was invading his head earlier has quieted by now, just a dull buzz in his brain.
“Go ahead.” Tony said, focused on his wrapping skills rather than the phone call.
“Sooner. I will not have to await Loki’s trial this time.” Thor answered solemnly. “I will be back to see that the small one is better.”
Clint hit his head against the headboard again. This was all his fault.
They ended up going back to a restless an angry sleep, only to wake up a few hours later to have a chat with their fundamental advisor.
“Er… Tony?” Bruce said again, now waving a face in front of the teens eyes.
Suddenly, Logan’s phone (the one Tony had made him exchange for his ’08 razor) rang. It startled everyone in the previous silence. Logan scrambled to see who it was and his eyes widened when he saw the contact:
“Tony, then, call me Bruce.”
Tony gives him a pitying look, “You sure do talk about her a lot.”
“I was in the neighborhood and Tony called me, figured I’d come hang out with my buddy, you know?” Peter said, shrugging. “I think he’s still scared I’m gunna up and ditch ‘em cause of what happened the other night.”
Peter groaned. “Well, then I’ll do the beer AND the people. Be ready by eight o’clock sharp!”
Natasha. Steve still feels guilty about his earlier reaction to her. Ever since the serum he’s been able to recognize threats from a mile away. All alphas had a potential to be a threat, but some were special cases. Natasha smells
, Clint.” Tony says, locking eyes with the archer.
The second he saw the second man coming through the door, Tony recognized him. He gasped, “Rock of ages?”
Tony nods, giving Clint one more look before standing. “I guess I’ll leave you to it, then.”
Every little noise made Tony wake up during the night, making it impossible for him to find rest. At least Benni seemed to manage to sleep through the night.
He handed Tony the plates to dry and Tony then put them away, seeming to know where everything went by now. After five minutes and seven dishes, Steve spoke.
When Steve finally went back home, it was nearly three in the morning and he poured himself a triple and sat down on the couch, staring at the cold, empty fireplace and sitting in the darkness. He drank his whiskey, loosening his tie and sighed.
“If we were teenagers again,” Steve began, “I’d have had it off with you before you could’ve asked and you know it.” He laughed and James did too but James’ was forced, his back still to Steve as he buttoned his shirt up. Steve stood, grabbing his jacket off the bed and pulling it on. “And I trust Dmitri and Dugan but everyone has a tipping point.”
And then he realized he could really only see out of one eye. A flash of dread and panic washed over him, wondering if he was permanently blinded but he carefully inspected the eye and realized it was just swollen shut and as sore as the rest of him.
“Steve,” he said with a nod, leaving.
“Are you asking for yourself? Because I won’t judge if you want to play with them. I saw how disappointed you were when Benni didn’t want to play with you the other night,” he said and ate a little just to look as if he was trying.
“Are you dressed?”
Once out in the hall he could smell breakfast but the thought of eating made him a little nauseous so he headed for the shower and then crashed in his own bed, frustrated with himself.
When the documents arrived it had all felt a bit surreal to Steve. Tony was legally a part of his family. They shared the same last name. He didn’t care what designation those documents gave Tony, in Steve’s mind they were as good as married. The only thing left to do was put a ring on his finger.
“Date was a bust?”
James lifted the piece of fruit to his mouth and took a bite, chewing slowly as he looked at the map. Steve came over and stood on his other side, also eating his snack.
“Because,” James began, looking down at the documents and maps from Gao, “he said he would keep them as long as it takes to get what he wants. That means he knows they are his only leverage on us. If he kills them, we have no reason to give him what he wants and there’s nothing else he can take from us.”
Tony pressed his lips together and forced himself to take deep breaths through his nose. “Could you… tell me a story or something? Anything, really.”
While Tony fixed up the other sandwiches, he thought about which one could be his favorite. He chose one with Italian ham, thin sliced tomatoes, a bit of parmesan and sprinkled a few herbs on top.
Steve had stepped back, his eyes wide and furious, glaring at Natalia, about to give her a piece of his mind and that was enough to pull James out of his blind fury and keep Steve from snapping at her.
“Whatcha got there for me?” Pepper asked, getting up to get milk for her second cup of coffee.
“Yes and yes. The entire house is at your disposal. Though, I do ask that you stay out of our bedroom and my office.”
He crossed his arms over his chest and whistled again, a different melody, and Dugan and Jones came in this time. Steve turned to them and said, in Gaelic, “
“Me?” He asked and thought about it. It did seem fitting. It made sense. Tony nodded. “Before I do that there’s one thing I want to ask him.” It was absurd but he felt shy about asking it. “Teach me how to use a gun?”
Not liking total silence in this situation, he slipped the hearing aid back in and turned it on, hearing the slight shuffle of footsteps outside the door and he tensed but nothing happened. No one came in.
James helped Clint sit up and Clint paused, tilting his head to the side in wonder. “That’s not at all how I thought you would sound. It’s better. I like it.” Clint grinned. “And I told you I wanted you out so I could have all the bread to myself. You were warned,” he teased, reaching his hand out to Tony and squeezing tightly when he grabbed it.
threatened to hurt Benni instead. He was coming at me with a knife when my mom got in between and he pushed her down the stairs. He has tried and
“You do?” James asked.
Steve eyed him for less than a second before asking, “Did you sleep at all?”
Steve laughed.
they talked but he couldn’t hear a single word. Even when they came to him and were obviously speaking to him he couldn’t hear a word.
“It’s just cookies. Don’t sweat it.”
The next morning, Steve woke around seven and considered calling James. He knew he shouldn’t. Everything was telling him to leave him alone because he needed the time alone but Steve needed a friend. He desperately needed a friend who understood him and what he was and what he was feeling but he couldn’t do that to James.
James and Dmitri headed home in their car and Dugan drove them to Steve’s home. Tony could hear Dugan say something but he didn’t know if he was talking to Steve or him. Did it matter? Once they got to the house, Benni ran to Tony and told him about something great that happened that day. Then there was suddenly nothing and the next thing Tony knew he was in his casual clothes and sitting at the dinner table with the others. The food smelled delicious but he wasn’t hungry.
Tony hummed and got up slowly to pull the jacket Steve was still holding away from him. “Yes, very warm and comfortable,” Tony whispered. “But sleep is boring, right?” He couldn’t help but grin. “You can stay up. We can talk some more, hm? Instead of lying in bed. So warm.”
He worked on the things he had planned for the day and organized a few files that needed some sorting.
Despite having just left the room, out of respect and a healthy amount of fear, he knocked on the door and heard the words telling him to enter. He pushed the door open, holding it wide enough that Sarah could get past him easily. She thanked him and he ducked out, nodding to her and to his boss.
“Yeah,” he managed and nodded. He would just quickly check up on Clint. Luckily, he was right next door. It was weird not having him in the same room.
The table was set and they took their seats, Steve holding Sarah and Tony’s hands for grace. Steve ate like there was no tomorrow. The hospital food was ugh and even though Sarah had brought home cooking and other delicious treats, there was nothing like eating at your own table in your own house with it hot and fresh.
“Well aren’t you a sight for sore eyes,” Dugan said as Tony turned around.
He shuddered, trying to play it off as a cold chill and nothing more. He cracked his neck and then remembered Tony had asked another question. “Some like to use bartenders as their own personal therapists. Some don’t want advice though, just a listening ear, which I prefer because my advice is shit. And then some people just need someone to talk to about
“A long time for sure.”
He came back with water and a bowl of mixed nuts for them to eat while they waited for Steve and James. “As long as you can find the living room you’ll be fine. Plus, I’m here too to find you if you ever do get lost.”
Clint leaned against James who gave him his good morning kiss and wrapped an arm around his waist. “Very nice. Lemme see it.” She handed it over and he inspected it while James continued to go over the instructions for the range and the very short list of Do’s and Don’ts.
He lifted his free hand to his face, holding it there tightly and a sob broke through that shook his shoulders. He was gasping for breath as he cried into his hand, torn between the pain in his chest—the constant dull ache he always felt—and the pain of the torn stitches.
. It was the very same look Steve used on others but this was the raw, pure, original form and he shut up immediately.
“What about Clint? Is he gonna be able to leave soon? I don’t…” He wanted to say that he didn’t want Clint to be alone when he remembered that James and Dmitri were there too. Still, it felt wrong to leave Clint.
“Dinner at yours again?” He looked over at Steve who smiled at him.
When Steve got the call his blood ran cold and then hot less than a second later. He grabbed his jacket and his guns.
He ate half his plate before he spoke, sitting back in his chair and washing it down with some water.
Tony closed the book once he was done and spoke with Benni about the ending until the young one fell asleep mid-sentence. It was adorable. He kissed his forehead, made sure he was tucked in, and then headed to his and Steve’s room.
Clint smiled up at him. “Me too.” He took the potatoes, starting to cut them as he thought about Tony’s question. “Um, honestly there’s nothing I won’t eat. Or at least, nothing I’ve come across so far. Brownies. Hands down, brownies are my favorite dessert but I’m not against a good slice of apple pie either.”
“Thank you,” Tony mumbled when they were done. He intertwined his hand with Steve’s.
“We learned about planets but I can’t remember the rhyme we learned but I like the planets,” Benni answered without looking up from the dog. He was petting him intently and it almost warmed Tony’s heart.
The words all came out in Italian. He spoke faster than he usually did and he almost let his temper get the better of him.
“This whole situation just… it’s made me reevaluate my priorities all over again. You’ve always been number one but—yes. Let’s go. In the spring, when it’s a pinch warmer.” Steve was done dwelling on the details of his and James’ chat for now. He didn’t want to ask Tony if a part of him could ever resent Steve, even unknowingly. He didn’t want to share the doubts he had with James because he
They finished the tour, Tony asking a question here and there as they went while Rhodey explained and introduced things, Steve jumping in every now and then with his own personal knowledge or an anecdote.
tw: physical abuse/violence, starvation, sleep deprivation
“I just want to love you. I don’t understand why they want me dead because of it. It’s got nothing to do with—I only—I’ve known Falsworth for seven years. We used to pull all kinds of pranks on Jones and Dugan. I’ve got a hundred and one stories about him and me. And now he wants to kill me all because the person I choose to love is a man.” The tears were back, threatening to fall down his cheeks and he was just barely containing it.
Tony blinked, not completely understanding the words that were coming out of her mouth. He clearly saw her moving her lips but the words didn’t make sense, did they?
“You’ll see.”
“Oh great! So they’ll only
He glanced at each other face in turn— Madam Gao of the Chinese triad, Don Fisk of the Italian mafia, Mr Cage of the Harlem Mafia, and Bakuto of the Japanese yakuza—and they decided to wait another minute for James if for no other reason than they all feared him. Steve knew he wouldn’t—
, I was also just thinking about how, uh, comfortable it would be to, you know, um, be away from familiar surroundings again.” Actually that was true, it just took Clint too long to remember it so by the time he reached the end of his sentence, James was grinning at him.
Clint was more used to silence with Tony present now. It didn’t feel as consuming. It was almost comforting. Occasionally Tony would nudge him so Clint could look up and they would talk but he wasn’t really the type to ask questions even when Clint could see that he very clearly wanted to. Clint normally just moved on to a different topic unless he really wanted to answer the unspoken question.
Once he stopped playing, Tony moved closer to Steve—not trying to be silent because he knew from his own experience how much he hated it when people did that—and wrapped his arms around him from behind. Something about the way he had played made it obvious how torn and sad he was. A feeling which Tony could empathize with but none with which he wished for Steve to be familiar.
“Can’t we have cookies for dinner?” Benni tried, liking the idea of getting another batch of cookies.
Steve tossed the guy in roughly and he almost didn’t manage to stay upright at the force of the shove. He caught himself on the couch and straightened up. Jones came in a moment later, hands on his hips which threw his suit jacket back and made the gun on his hip very visible.
“Ah,” Steve said, disappointed but not showing it. “Sounds like a more productive day than mine. Maybe I’ll make up for lost time with ma and Benni.” He stood and stretched his arms high. He looked around for his clothes—so used to just taking them off wherever and falling asleep—that it took him a moment to realize he’d come into the study in his pajamas. He shook his head at his morning brain and told Tony he was heading for the kitchen.
“Mornin’,” he said, hesitating, his steps faltering slightly. Should he keep walking to his shower and talk to him at breakfast? Or perhaps engage him a little now? He waited for Tony’s reaction and then he would decide. Maybe Tony wouldn’t even speak.
handshake—clasped his hands together in front of him nervously and gave James a smile.
would work for
“You’re too good to me,” Clint squeaked, feeling overwhelmed. It was a good kind of overwhelmed but still. His emotions were dialed up and ready to overflow and he didn’t know what to do with it all.
Once they had counted everyone invited to Thanksgiving and had calculated just how much of everything they were going to need, Sarah and Tony headed out to place orders for next week’s festive occasion. Of course Benni, Dugan, and Jones came with them too.
“I feel sorry that you’re going through this and that there’s nothing I can do,” Tony clarified while looking back at Steve. “Of course. Do you want a hug?” He asked with a small smile.
he yawned. “All good. Couldn’t sleep and came here.” Clint helped him sit up, probably noticing how tired Tony was. “Help me up please,” Tony asked Steve, his hand reaching out for him to take. What was the point of having a strong man who didn’t help him?
“I know,” James said, “I got lucky with him. He thinks pretty highly of you too, told me you kept him sane. Thank you and I’ll let him know you’re alright. He’ll be happy to hear it.”
“I’m not sure. I mean, I liked everything but we never even mentioned it. That’s gotta mean something, right? I’m sure he would’ve mentioned a second date if he wanted one.”
Tony hesitated, turning the cup between his hands. He didn’t realize he said anything about the deli until the words left his mouth. Only the deli and the pantry. He could do that. Tony nodded and got up to get the files. Three he placed on Steve’s left side, one in the middle and two on his right. “Your left is no. Middle I’d wanna talk to. Right is yes.” He explained and looked behind himself to Falsworth. “Let’s do it now?“ The man looked at Steve and then nodded.
Sarah didn’t let Steve or Tony help with the dishes and even sent Benni on his way. It was relatively early but Tony decided to use the extra time to read more from Benni’s book to his brother since there were only three chapters left. It would make a nice cut and no one would be left hanging or wondering how it continued.
Steve’s entire disposition changed. His bright eyes going dark and the desire to whistle lost. “I thought you said you handled that, Dugan.”
Unfortunately, though, no matter how successful yesterday was, today was a different story and it brought with it its own ruling for how everyone would feel.
It was a poorly lit room and the little barred window did nothing to help. Tony decided to sit down on the cot in the corner for now to try and sort his thoughts. He didn’t know where he was or how long they had been driving. The only thing he heard on their way there were freighter horns, which meant they were either close to or had crossed a bridge at one point.
Clint began to call out loudly in Russian only to be slapped before he could get out the full word.
By the time Tony and Benni arrived back home, Steve was in the library listening to music. He was lying on one of the couches, arms crossed over his chest, one leg up at an angle and the other straight out, his eyes closed. The record player filled the room with big band, saxophones and trumpets, easy on the ear voices and fun lyrics.
He glanced out the window and down fifth avenue, trying to remember what else he needed to do today.
“Is that a joke because Clint is always late?”
“So when do we leave?” Clint asked, lying in bed while James read the paper beside him, steaming hot cups of coffee on their bedside tables. Yes, being back home was wonderful.
“Any suggestions? I’m definitely open to suggestions,” Clint said because if there was a way to find out how many men were keeping watch at night that
“I’ll only be cross if you don’t want me after dessert. Don’t make me beg,
“I was planning to help with dinner tonight. Benni should be home soon but he’ll probably nap and then do his homework.” Tony looked at Steve.
“Of course.” He nodded and put his coat on, getting ready to head out. “Guess I’ll see you tomorrow.” He said to Steve and nodded to James with a small smile. It was still difficult for Tony to know where exactly he was with him but James must have been fine with him. “Good night,” he wished them on his way out.
“Hey,” he said, a little breathless and perhaps he should’ve waited to call until the pain went down some.
Tony stopped and looked over his shoulder at Steve, considering what to say. “I’m not sure it’s anything.” Steve gave him a very stern look meaning he wanted to know. “There’s money missing. It’s little by little, here and there. It’s always the same amount, though it’s several accounts, I think. Or whatever it is the left column says.”
“Oh bloody hell, the police are coming,” Steve said and made the other two laugh. He turned slowly to lean against the door frame and give them a grin. “Don’t yell, this is a hospital.” Steve was maybe a little high on the drugs. Just a little.
Clint tapped it on the floor a few times and then shook his head.
Who was he? Why were they in there? He had bruises too. Had Bakuto taken him as well? He looked Italian. Was he one of Fisk’s?
“Before we even touch on the subject you demand to be told about, we’re going to talk about what you did, Steve.”
Dmitri inhaled deeply and then nodded. “I know Sam will let me in the kitchen if you’d like for me to check the food.” James was turning back to Clint when Dmitri continued, “But I also don’t think he would ever try anything. He’s never fed me anything bad.”
“Going out?” The man asked and Tony nodded. “Do you need a ride?” Tony wanted to be polite and decline but then he realized that there was no reason to do so. He nodded and was led to a nearby car. James would know. He probably already knew where Tony was going. It made no difference if he took a car or not.
“Both of you want me not to have anything to do then, eh?” Tony asked and sat back down next to Steve. “What
“There I texted him.”
Clint was chopping his apples, already distracted by the fact that James had gone to take a nap, which he never did. Usually Clint was the one reminding him to sleep and to get some rest.
When he had arranged everything as he should and was about to leave, Steve reached out and grabbed his wrist. Tony flinched strongly and Steve tasted bile in his mouth knowing that look and that reaction. His expression must not have been very pleasant either because Tony tried to pull away but Steve kept a tight hold, reaching into his suit pocket to put a small roll of cash into Tony’s hand.
“Dessert menus,” James said simply. “Do we still have room for one more course?”
on scene like Steve was but Bucky was a certified fire investigator and had an inborn skill for sniffing out arsonists that OFI had been trying to poach for years but he wasn’t ready to resign himself to a mostly desk job just yet. Or ever, if he was being honest.
“Cap.
Clint dragged the back of his wrist across his eyes, sniffling and sitting up. James loosened his hold on him, his own cheeks streaked with tears from listening to Clint, and Clint sat beside him. His lungs felt sore as he breathed in deeply and he had a headache from all the tears but he felt… lighter. Lighter than he had in a long while.
Despite not getting an answer, Tony smiled, biting it back, hoping Dugan didn’t see it.
“And everyone else is okay,” Tony said, knowing what Steve was about to say before he even said it. “I’m gonna need you to not do that again, okay?”
He lifted his head to press kisses to every bit of skin he could find, lingering on the scars, kissing the very outer edges of bruises so it didn’t hurt, all the way down to Clint’s hip bones that were a little more prominent now.
Clint and Tony have a rough morning. Steve and James finally get that drink.
When they arrived, Dugan opened the door for Steve who got out and went around to Tony’s side but being where they were, he did not help him out. He let Dugan do it and then he walked inside, Tony following. They headed for the gym and then once he was sure the room was empty, Dugan unlocked the door that was near-invisible where it lay hidden in the shadows, and held it open for them.
“I know,” Steve said and then, “Of course. Anything that helps. You know I could sleep through a hurricane.” He grinned, placing a sweet kiss right between Tony’s eyebrows. He hugged him again and repeated, “Anything you want, love.”
alcohol. He picked up his glass and finished it off, grateful for the burn taking his mind off other things.
Steve smiled but there was absolutely nothing joyous about it. It was cold and scary. He laughed and it was just as out of place as the smile. He was doing his best to refrain from an outburst like the one in his office if for no other reason than it had startled Tony but he could kill Howard Stark. Strangle him with his bare hands and watch the life go out of his eyes. He’d gladly do it but he had not come to the deli today to daydream about murdering Howard. He’d come to see Tony and no matter how much teasing that would get him from Dugan and James, he’d keep coming when he could. Mainly, because Steve knew his presence scared Howard shitless. Secondly, because he liked the kid. Anyone with the kind of loyalty to family that meant taking a beating not meant for you was alright in his books.
Tony watched their interaction and was fully prepared to leave and give them room to talk. Instead he found himself alone with Steve and that was much better.
Clint focused on Lucky because he wasn’t quite ready to analyze everything he had told James just yet and he had assumed James would know what he meant.
“I thought it was one of Bakuto’s men,” he said quietly. James didn’t speak, he only listened, carding his fingers through Clint’s hair. “I-I thought I was gonna get taken again and I kept thinking about how I couldn’t even fucking run away because of this piece of shit on my foot.” He hid his face away again, another sob stabbing at his chest.
“That’s alright. I’ve got more books than I can ever read now.” He gave him a small smile. “Your mom took us shopping. I wouldn’t have gone had she said so but she wouldn’t accept—she probably spent a lot of money. I’m sorry.” He looked at the floor and closed his eyes.
“No, I’m sorry. For whatever it’s worth, I do have a present for you.”
Clint’s breathing slowed and he relaxed into the bed again, Natalia pressing a kiss to his cheek. “Yeah,” he said, looking around.
Steve sat at his desk until the early hours of the morning, tapping his pen against his chin, lost in thought. How was he supposed to help if his help hurt? Maybe Tony didn’t even
Natalia said, forcing a piece of fruit into James’ hand.
Tony put the piece of paper in his pocket and lingered for a moment longer, looking at Mr Rogers with a mix of confusion and gratitude. “Thank you, sir.” He got up and gave him an honest smile before heading out, taking last week's plate with him.
.” He kept his arms around Steve’s middle.
“Tony gets it without you needing to explain. I know, don’t worry. I’m just happy you have that.” Clint gave him a small smile. “Hungry?”
“Queens. Hm.” James turned to look at Steve who raised one questioning eyebrow as he spoke. “Queens is a big place. You positive he didn’t say anything else?”
“Did you, um,” he said, opening his eyes to find James watching him with an emotion Clint had never really seen on anyone’s face before. It made him stammer. “I… Uh.” James smiled. “Did you get him? The man behind it all?”
Clint inhaled sharply and forced himself up, hobbling over because a searing pain had shot up his left shin the moment he had tried putting any weight on it. He pushed his injuries aside for the moment, still swallowing blood and at this point he wasn’t sure where it was even coming from.
“Uh… in here?” replied a voice that Tony couldn’t put a face to but he followed it down the hall and into a cozy room with two couches, a tv, a large table, and a kitchen behind it where two women now stood, leaning against the counter drinking coffee, their fingers intertwined.
She exhaled. “I just worry. Neither of those boys make reading what’s going on with them particularly easy but thank you.” She smiled at his last statement. “Anyone who held such a special place in your heart must’ve been a lovely lady. I’m sure I’d have loved her as well.”
“I know and I’m not keeping it to myself, it’s just… It’s a similar situation to you and Clint. There’s parts of this that James just gets. And you’re not hurting me.”
Clint chuckled. “I hate that goddamn thing. It looks like it should go to space, not make espresso. Wonder how Dmitri and Dugan are,” he said, figuring that wouldn’t cost them anything if they were overheard. He doubted whoever had them knew Dmitri and Dugan’s names.
“Lost his daughter to polio a few years back, lost his wife more recently,” he explained and ah, that made sense. Steve thought he remembered a different face as the front of the deli. He noted how Dugan didn’t say what she died of and when he asked, the answer only made him more suspicious. “Quite the swigger according to his neighbors. Got another kid, young boy, in addition to Tony.” Steve nodded along as Dugan carried on. This is why he was Steve’s right hand man. He never left Steve with unanswered questions.
“Go on, eat. You could use some meat on those bones,” he said, pushing the plate a little bit further towards Tony.
Tony leaned on the table, not breaking eye contact with James. “How do you fit in with all of this?” There was no other way he could put it. And frankly, Tony didn’t see why he would.
“So what is this favor you need?”
With a few more directions from Steve, the four men descended on the warehouse, quiet as a church mouse but considerably deadlier.
Steve scratched at his slightly stubbly chin. “What’re you thinking?”
Steve downed another cup of coffee and thanked his mother for it, pouring over the map again. Dutch Kills and Elmhurst were two of the last areas where they had a significant number of businesses to call. They had to be somewhere there. It had been a week with no luck. They just needed one lead, just one.
“Well,” he said, pulling Tony in for a hug—no kiss, no feeling up, just a hug—and whispering in his ear, “I don’t think you know how glad that makes me.” He held him for a while longer, just hugging him, his eyes shut and face buried in his neck. This was good. Perhaps this was what Steve needed. Just a good, long hug from the man he loved.
“What if that makes everything worse for them and for us?” he whispered and shook his head. “If we get caught, they might kill us. Even if we escape, where would we go? It’s freezing outside and we have no clothes nor money.” He kept on whispering since it made no difference to Clint.
Once everything had been explained, Steve remained quiet for a moment, processing and figuring out what this would mean for him.
James felt a chuckle go out of him against his will. Curse Steve and his ironclad memory. Though after a moment he was all hard lines and frowns again. “Doesn’t mean I should’ve let him stay. It was selfish and—”
“Why does he know nothing about you?”
“Eighteen. Nineteen next spring.”
There was only one closed office door. James knocked on it and heard nothing. He turned to Steve who nodded and reached for the handle but it was locked. James stepped back and with one powerful kick Steve broke down the door, both of them peering in, the rush of emotion almost too much and Steve swayed a little on his feet.
By the time he got back home, Benni was returning from school. Jones picked him up everyday and walked him to Steve’s work where Steve then took him home. Steve’s home was not public knowledge. Some knew, most did not. There was a secret passage through the gym that led to his own basement. Dugan, James, Dmitri (James’ right hand man), Jones, Falsworth, Sarah, and now Benni knew about it.
When he moved again he felt his body’s reaction to what he was thinking and it scared him. What was happening?
“Anyway,” James said flippantly, “how do you want to do this?”
“Maybe sometimes you have to be a wee bit selfish.” He laughed but didn’t comment more and in that moment Steve arrived and walked him through.
She knew what her son meant wasn’t that she would actually be bored but that what they had to say might just turn her stomach and give her nightmares herself. She shook her head gently to remove those thoughts and then said, “I think I might have a solution to the first issue.”
Once in the library she sat down and patted the spot next to her, making Tony think about how similar Steve was to her. He sat down next to her, still trying to think of what could have upset her.
Tony tried to look down at it but couldn’t see it. “Oh,” he said, unfazed. “But no, he’s not here. Left last night.”
Steve had given him the keys he had taken the last time when he went there to pick up Benni and Tony’s things. There was no need to go back up there. Only the pantry, maybe storage downstairs and the store. Not more. Not less. And he wasn’t alone either. It was just a building. One that stood half empty without them there. Dark and cold, the blinds down, doors locked. Nothing to worry about. Nothing to fear.
