Charlie rubs his arm, the picture of sympathy. “Have you tried talking to her? She might give you a second chance.”
It’s the tide of the blood, Castiel reasons with himself. All feeling is simply pain in varying degrees. Collecting his mind in a tenuous, shaking grip, Castiel beats a hasty retreat to the bathroom. For a few moments, he simply stands, hands braced against the sink, staring at his reflection. That’s when he realizes it’s the first time in forever since he’s looked at himself. He looks tired. Thinner. Deep wrinkles mar his forehead and the corners of his eyes. In the harsh light of the naked bulb, he looks pale and dirty and in need of a shave.
Dean’s fingers tighten, constricting and damning. He lifts Castiel’s hand and presses his lips to the ruddy, bruised knuckles.
It melts into a slack-jawed sigh when Castiel wraps a hand around his cock and guides Dean closer with a hand at the small of his back.
“Don’t come crawling back when you need me again!” Crowley calls after him as he walks away, clearly enraged.
“Holy shit.” Dean grabs Sam in a bear hug, laughing. “How did you get so lucky– you son of a bitch, holy
Halfway into the week, Dean emerges, looking rumpled and tired, but freshly showered. When Castiel follows his nose to the kitchen, he finds Dean in a robe, cooking up burgers. Dean doesn’t acknowledge him, but he brings two plates to the table.
The pictures don’t do Dean justice. Even now, his handsome face pinched with irritation as he thumbs through his phone, he’s gorgeous. He looks up, and Castiel freezes in place. There’s surprise, and then a flicker of… recognition? but it quickly turns to embarrassment. And then Dean’s expression shutters. He takes in the tan trench coat Castiel told Charlie he would wear, and puts his phone away.
Dean catches Castiel oscillating between the beer and wine aisles of the liquor section. It’s almost ten minutes before Castiel grabs a six-pack of hard lemonades, a bag of gummy bears, and a solitary toilet roll before moseying over to the counter. He’s wearing plaid pajamas, and a university hoodie.
“Been wanting to do that again since last night,” Dean murmurs when they part, fingers still wound around Castiel’s tie.
“Wouldn’t you prefer a woman? An omega?” Castiel asks, even as he takes a step forward. Everything he knows about Dean wars against the command he just issued. It makes no sense.
“Get out of my office, Charlie,” Castiel says evenly, but the effect is ruined because he’s so thrilled to see Dean.
Dean takes a breath and sets the plate down. His hands shake. He looks like he’s debating storming out of the room.
Yes. He is jealous of her. He’s jealous of their easy friendship. The way she drawls his nickname – Clarence. They never fight. He can’t stand coming home and seeing them all snuggled up on the couch, watching Dr. Sexy together. It burns him up inside to even think of it. That ought to be him with Cas. His hands in Cas’ hair. His head in Cas’ lap. Because, well. He’s in love with Cas. And he has been from the first moment he saw the guy.
“I’m dying,” Castiel says, even though it hurts to speak. It's the only logical conclusion. He failed Dean. Yet, all he can think of is himself. “I never thought about it. Not like this. I always thought it would be instantaneous.”
“I can’t help you. I don’t know anything, Dean. I’m forgetting things. I’ve lost my grace. My wings.”
He absently grabs Dean’s ankle, and when Dean tries to pull his leg back, he tightens his grip and rearranges them so they’re both comfortable. Then he pushes his thumb into the sole and starts rubbing. Dean rarely lets himself be pampered. It’s a little annoying.
Sam normally takes the bus to the campus, but this one time he’s running late and there’s a quiz he can’t miss and Dean thinks,
Silence. For a while. So still and undisturbed that Castiel feels that phantom ring in his ears, a perturbing facsimile of angelic voices. But it is nothing more than an illusion.
Dean stumbles through the slowly closing doors, and follows Castiel to his apartment. Where they’re going to have sex for the first time. Well. There have been handjobs and blowjobs and that one time Cas switched things up and ate him out… and Dean learned he could come practically untouched.
“Bed.” Dean snapped as the boys got off the chairs and moved towards their bedroom when Adam glanced out the front windows.
“The oldest I know is Lucifer himself. He’s older than any of us can imagine. But normal demons live till like a thousand years old before they retire and live out the rest of their days till they pass.” Dean spoke as Castiel blinked.
“I love how you have been making his more homely for us.” Sam breathed as Gabriel opened his closed eyes.
“Tell him what you made this summer.” Gabriel teased, Sam blushed and turned away as Gabriel moved to the dog’s collar. Castiel heard something click on as Gabriel kneeled in front of the dog.
“What?” Castiel breathed confused for many reasons. The calls, his phone being in the middle of his running path looking worn like it had been there a while...the date on there reading it was already that coming Thursday.
“I will visit as soon as I can. I-... I’m sure once the pirate king has an heir he will let me come and visit. Besides, I must see to it mother and brother are returned.” Castiel breathed kissing each one of them softly before he turned towards the carriage and got in. Not wanting to cry, Gabriel climbed in after him. Castiel waved goodbye to his sisters as the carriage took off. Dean and Sam on their horses as they followed the carriage.
she thought he would match with. She kept boosting Dean up, talking about how he was a singer who loved to keep his private life private. Was looking for a down-low relationship for the time being and...maybe they could see where it would go.
“I want to try to keep the van and wheelchair as long as possible,” Castiel stated as he glanced back at the stuff Dean bought. Tent, blow-up mattress, and other stuff that might help if they had to camp it out. Along with food and an ice cooler with a couple of bags of ice. “I would have gone shopping.”
Dean was so fast running down the stairs to the ground floor of the apartment. Castiel was hot on his heeled but Dean was gone by the time Castiel got down to the first floor. Castiel bolted outside to the dark streets of the city. Despite it being in the middle of the city, it was relatively quiet in comparison to the day. It was pouring rain, Dean was out just lost in the city.
Castiel curled in Dean tiredly, Dean’s hands never leaving him as the couple spent the night together now that their secret was out. Castiel closed his eyes burying his face into his neck when a loud booming sound of thunder made Dean and Castiel sit up at the violence of the striking sound. Dean didn’t hesitate to get up glancing out of the tent and at the sky. Sam seemed to get the same idea poking his head out as well feeling heavy rain starting up. The brothers exchanged looks.
Castiel held the Corgi to his chest as Dean worked the field, Castiel holding Gabriel close to his chest watching Dean with love. Dean walked over to him happily showing him the carrot they had grown. Castiel smiled moving to kiss Dean with love. Dean held him close kissing him back. Gabriel miserable in their romantic embrace. Gabriel’s eyes fell to Sam who sat a bit away, Gabriel wiggled in Castiel’s arms as Castiel broke the kiss to put him down. Gabriel walked away following Sam who led him away.
“Shit.” Lucifer stood quickly as Lucifer grabbed for Michael scooping him up trying to use his power to keep the beast and Michael from ripping apart. “BENNY!” Lucifer screamed as the large hell hound walked in, watching the poodle start to seize. The hell hound moved to the poodle in worry as Lucifer’s command brought him to a stop. “Bring the corgi here. The Sacred Gabriel. Kill anyone but the angels if they get in your way.”
“I don’t know. But that’s where he is.” Jack beamed touching Castiel’s face before he nuzzled back into his mother. “Mommy, can you tell me a story?”
He didn’t comment on it for a moment. Did Castiel want to pretend he didn’t read a file on him? ...Or did Castiel ask to see if he would lie?
“Not... that book,” John spoke as Dean put it down quickly grabbed another. When Amber fell asleep Dean got up. Wiping his lip again as he walked out of the room, closing the door behind him. “Cute seeing you read your mother’s book to kids. Funny because you killed your own mother.”
“Yeah, My treat.” Gabriel smiled as Charlie nodded. “I’ll call and make you a reservation, is seven okay?”
Castiel ran down the ravine in his normal run, the sound of the ravine beautiful in the silent night. Castiel regretted not running before the sun went down, it was almost hard to see. Castiel paused to pull out his cellphone for the light but…he didn’t have it. When was the last time he had his phone? He couldn’t remember checking it all day.
“He’s not sleeping.” Dean kneeled to look at the man. He was…beautiful, angelic even, especially when sleeping. He had Sunkissed skin but wasn’t blessed with the freckles Dean possessed. Had a little grown-out stubble, and messy black hair. He was beautiful without a doubt. Seeing his chest rise and fall. Dean leaned down brushing some of the Fae’s hair out of his face.
“I was sent here by my father to capture the witch to expand our power over all the realms. As the only son of the king, to prove my honor I came.” Castiel started. “But...I fear the only thing captured was my heart.” Castiel confessed. “And I knew we could not be happy with a bounty forever on your head.”
“I love it when you’re like this.” Dean cooed. “So fucking desperate for my cock.” Castiel moaned nodding in agreement as Castiel moved to grip Dean’s ass begging him to fuck him. It only helped tease him more with Dean’s tip teasing his hole. Castiel kissed him desperately.
Azazel, contently laid in John’s arms, reached out grabbing his ‘costar’ nearby him, and started to eat the sunflower seed.
“I’d love to.” Castiel hummed when he heard voices outside, Dean kissed him before climbing out of the bed, grabbing his clothes. He slid them on tiredly.
“I was always told not to drink open drinks at parties.” Castiel took a sip. “But I guess I don’t have to worry about that anymore.”
“No, No. I’m not going anywhere.” Dean breathed with care. “I wouldn’t leave you, besides...there’s so much more I want to show you. There’s so much world left.”
“You are part of the Angels, ya?” Gabriel asked as Castiel turned to him. “You don’t look like you.”
After hours of tears, Castiel and the man sat in front of Castiel’s house seeing four cop cars with their lights on. People going in and out of his house for evidence. Castiel’s head laid on his knees as held them to his chest.
“Gabriel! Run!” Sam yelled as Gabriel took off past them towards the hut. A couple of wolves tried to follow but Sam quickly knocked them off their feet. Gabriel ran till he could no longer hear the sounds of Growls and whimpers. Running till the lodge doors were in front of him, Gabriel bolted inside instantly slamming hard into the broom Castiel was sweeping with. Gabriel hit it hard as the room went dark.
“We’re fine. A little banged up. Gabriel got the worst of it. Bumped his head real good. He will need to get medical attention beyond me.” Sam stated. “That’s why we need to hurry and get you guys out of here.”
“Y-YOU’RE NOT SUPPOSED TO-” The smaller man choked as Castiel moved to him growling as he slammed him up against the small metal doors of the cold freezer. “O-OR YOU CAN DO WHAT YOU WANT! THE MAYOR WANTED THIS PLACE CLOSED B-BUT I’M OKAY WITH IT! F-FRESHEST ONE IS TOP DRAWER TO THE RIGHT!” Crowley went to check the drawers.
“I gave you sponge baths while you were out,” Castiel whispered. “You don’t smell.” Dean gave him a look. “...maybe just a smidge.” Dean snorted as Dean rolled his eyes.
“Hey, I’m Benny, Crowley’s mate,” Benny whispered softly as Eve looked at him in tears. “Are you Eve?” Eve moved to hug him.
“Well, here we do,” Dean stated kneeling down to him softly patting his knee. “How about you share my birthday with me if we can’t figure it out,” Dean stated.
Dean walked down the street going to his favorite coffee shop. Dean pushed through the door as he received the warm welcome from the teen chewing gum as she worked.
Benny worked on making Crowley’s bed, he did so with everyone’s rooms. Always having the beds cleaned and perfect for the next night. Benny softly slid his hands over the wrinkles fixing them when Crowley plopped on the bed where Benny was working.
“Guys! It’s your wedding day, what are you guys doing seeing each other, It’s bad luck!” Mary asked, coming in as Dean got up to hug his mom.
“Then…help me understand,” Castiel whispered as Dean glanced up at the taller man. “I want to help you…”
“Dean, let’s just call security-Dean!” Castiel panicked but Dean had already walked in. Dean moved quietly around the house before he heard someone turn on their blender. Dean moved to the kitchen pointing his gun at the man in their apron, boxers, and boots. The man turned just as Dean put down the gun.
“He’s getting strong just like his daddy, he’s a fighter,” Dean spoke which Castiel needed to hear. Castiel smiled watching Dean pet his belly. “...Did you take your medication?”
“Y-...Yeah.” Castiel panted noticing how close they were. How Dean was pressed against him. Castiel eyed his face, slowly moving to Dean’s lips.
“Humans are such...weak things,” Castiel stated tears forming in his eyes. “I just want Dean to be okay-”
Castiel softly stirred when the door opened next to him, Dean eyed him as Castiel sat up. Dean was holding a bag as he tapped Castiel’s leg.
When Castiel had showered, he came out getting dressed before he moved to wipe down his lover. Dean barely stirred as Castiel cleaned his lover before he climbed into bed with him. Dean curled into him laying his head on his chest in sleep. Castiel closed his eyes pulling his mate closer as he fell asleep.
“Please! Call me mom!” Mary laughed as she placed a loving touch on his shoulder. “Come on in.” Mary led them inside as Dean grabbed their bags off the ground and followed them in. Castiel glanced back at Dean as Mary led him away, but Dean was already heading upstairs to put their bags away. “Come meet the family.”
“Look at that, when I first came here-” Dean tried to change the subject but Castiel pulled him back to him looking at the tears in his eyes.
“Thank you.” Crowley breathed moving to eat the leg. Benny pulled a cigarette from his pocket, putting it to his lips. Crowley watched Benny smoke, his hair a mess, his shirt was damaged to the point there was really no point in wearing it. “...I never saw you so unkempt.”
“Yes, but it’s a bit more complicated for us than just sex...for angels to produce life...we need to be in love,” Castiel spoke as Dean eyed him. Castiel stood in front of Dean trying to make out his thoughts, any sort of sign about how he feels about this knowledge. Though Castiel wasn’t going to come out and just tell him about how
Castiel sat on the beach watching Dean walking towards the ocean. Castiel’s feet in the sand as he watched Dean jumping and diving into the water coming up for air every so often when the waves spat him out. Castiel smiled watching Dean bobbing in the water before he looked down feeling the sand against his skin. The ocean was nicer now that he didn’t get cold. The ocean always was so cold, especially in winter where it was windy and currently snowing.
“Holy shit!” Dean laughed as Castiel touched his busted lip. “You know what they say about never meeting your heroes…You okay?”
“Let me just put it him down,” Castiel whispered as Dean fixed himself before Castiel took the baby to the next room to be put down. Dean watched him go before Sam moved to leave the room.
“This is why I love you,” Dean commented now enjoying two ice creams as Castiel chuckled moving to cook dinner.
“They are in our way, what would you like us to do?” Benny asked as Castiel sniffed the air before his eyes widened.
“Master Castiel, Please.” Crowley tried as Benny followed after them. Castiel moved to a more fragile metal door, not taken care of for obvious reasons as Castiel ripped the metal shudder off the door. The man inside who was standing over a body scream in fear dropping his recorder.
Spilling his cum out of him with his calloused hands rocking down his cock. It seemed like Dean knew when each orgasm would hit him and would spoil his cock with all the attention it deserved. His cock would soften with its last couple of pumps of cum, softened and used. Dean who hadn’t even cum once would continue to fuck him. Pounding him back into another orgasm.
“Hi, Jack.” Castiel cooed as the baby softly calmed to his words just blinking up at his mother. “Hi.” Castiel laughed happily. Castiel touching his little fat Dean lips.
“You’ll find someone.” Dean slapped his back as Castiel blinked confused. “They don’t just fall out of the sky. I can help you with it too. I’m sorta an expert on the human mind.” Dean tapped his forehead but Castiel eyed him with suspicion. “Just till I go.”
“Hi, little guy,” Castiel whispered as John pulled a sunflower seed and offered it to the content hamster who chewed on it.
“...My parents are part of the resistance.” Dean stated crossing his arms defensively. “They want to end the treaty and have us all kill each other or something.” Dean rolled his eyes with a sigh. “I don’t know. I don’t care. And if you didn’t notice, I’m severely against the resistance...mostly because I’m fucking the Demon king.” Castiel eyed his face with a chuckle for a moment before speaking.
“Lay off, twerp. He’s just trying to be a good boy, all logic of distance aside...he just wants to make Benny proud.” Dean teased back, Castiel knew he was right. Sam felt like he owed their uncle for taking them in all those years ago. This is the first big responsibility he had, he was just trying to do his job.
“I will take him,” Castiel spoke simply. “Can you have him come straight here when he starts work today.”
Castiel got, maybe, halfway through his count before the medicine had finally made Dean sleep. Castiel relaxed next to Dean, releasing his tight grip on him, and just stared at him for a bit. Watching Dean’s pouty lips move in-breath, Castiel let himself drift off with him counting the freckles on Dean’s face as he did.
“I felt my spell break during this time.” Rowena turned. “I knew you must be here. This was the end of the line. Going home, you severed the connection to the past. I just wanted to make sure all was well.”
“I was selfish,” Dean hissed. “I could have told you instead I lied.” Castiel swallowed the emotions he was trying to keep down starting to surface, tears filled his eyes. “I know. I should have trusted you! You have every right to be mad-”
“Thanks, Gabriel.” Castiel softly scooped Gabriel up petting him before he moved to their cauldron to examine the condition before looking at the fire. “We can use them. The Cauldron looks unused and there is plenty of firewood.”
“I think it is just muscle memories,” Dean admitted as he petted Castiel’s hair. “...and Well, I got some other stuff to try.”
“Then make it stop raining.” Sam crossed his arms cockily as Dean waved his hands in an attempt but...he couldn’t...he was sad.
Castiel felt Dean’s calloused hands against his lower hips, Gods how he wished he could feel those hands worn from sword fighting to hold him intimately. Castiel breathed a shaky breath but the touch was lost almost as instantly as it was placed there. Dean moved his hands up to a more appropriate place. Thought was there a more appropriate place on a person you shouldn’t touch like this?
“I wouldn’t want to overload Horse. So I’ll walk and lead him while you guys ride.” Dean explained patting Horse. “I prefer walking anyway.”
“Yes, he almost finished.” Gabriel nodded. “He was working on his last assignment before the final.”
“The king wants you; he commanded it, so he will have you.” The man demanded walking towards the witch.
“Do you remember when we were kids?” Dean spoke making Castiel pay attention. “We used to have mud baths and it drove Gabriel crazy.”
“Whatcha doing, Mama?” Gabriel asked. Gabriel had started slowly calling Dean mama, which Dean didn’t mind in the slightest. Dean started to notice how shyly Gabriel introduced it. First when he said goodnight to Dean.
“Here. Put this on it. Stop the bleeding.” Dean spoke as Castiel placed the towel against his forehead as he laid back. “Sleep, I’ll wake you when we get there.” Castiel nodded softly closing his eyes, trying to sleep off his pain.
“Castiel, you shouldn’t be moving around,” Michael spoke as Castiel ignored him, grabbed a large rock from the ground slamming it into the cave. The wall started to crack and groan. “Cas?! What are you doing?!” Castiel started laughing as he hit the wall.
“Cas.” Dean moaned as Castiel felt confident by his moans. Touching his base with his hands. Dean cursed, gripping Castiel’s hair while Castiel sucked at his flesh. Dean pushed him back to press him against the bed in a desperate kiss. Castiel happily kissed back moving to pull down his own pants. Dean ripping Castiel free of his shirt. Laying naked against each other roughly groping each other.
“Okay.” Castiel nodded disappointed. He rubbed his baby bump. Howls echoed loudly as the wolves welcomed the pup and of course the happy corgi. When the wolves dispersed going back to their normal chores. Gabriel walked Booker over, careful to be there to pick him up when he fell before Castiel smiled seeing the Wolf mix in front of him.
“A normal demon?” Demon stated. “A normal crossroads demon can make up to one or two a day. An older crossroads demon with experience? Five or six. A demon promoted to the real world? Anywhere up to ten to fifteen.”
“So, does your brother still think you’re going to sell him the photos?” Charlie hummed as Stevie chuckled.
Sam sat next to the fire on some furs, surrounded by candles. Gabriel covered his mouth when Castiel and Dean stood from their seat by the fire.
“This is Horse. He’s really sweet. His owner said he was the best Horse.” Castiel spoke in pride about him. Castiel was just so excited, Dean didn’t know if he should laugh or just explain the truth that Castiel got swindled by most likely a con man trying to make a buck. But...Castiel was just so happy. “Don’t you just love him?”
“I good boy.” Lucifer barked. Sam smiled sadly moving to pet him when Sam paused seeing Azazel trying to bury himself into Lucifer’s fur, content happy, and safe.
“No, they are,” Dean stated. “My mom had a car accident when we were little that caused a lot of brain damage...She’s wheelchair-bound and can’t speak anymore. But she’s amazing. I think he just misses her sass.”
“We will now open the dance floor to whoever would like to dance.” The DJ spoke as Sam took Gabriel’s hand leading him to the dance floor. Even John, Mary, and Azazel the hamster slow danced. Castiel noticed something catch his eye as he ushered Dean to look behind him. Slow dancing was Ash and the duck. Ash now sporting an eye bandage and the duck in his arms quacked happily as they slowly danced.
“I hate you!” Dean laughed throwing the ice cream cone at his dumb head. Castiel kept snickering as he pulled Dean close wrapping his arms around him and rubbing the baby bump. “Cas, pick up your ice cream before it melts.” Dean laughed pulling away from Castiel as Castiel kneeled down to grab his ice cream. Dean opened his own drumstick, which he had been craving. The baby loved the ice cream and the frozen chocolate on the bottom. Dean loved it too. Castiel watched Dean chewing hungrily on his ice cream. Castiel leaned against the counter watching his mate with love hesitating to say what he wanted to say. Dean paused his chewing, eyeing him.
Despite the one-sided mating, he wondered if Dean could feel this feeling of connection he never had with Dean before biting him. It was like Dean lived in his DNA and Castiel couldn’t be without him. The thought escaped him though as soon the lovers had fallen deep asleep in each other’s arms.
Castiel was so grateful to Dean and his family, his parents...weren’t coming to the wedding. Castiel’s overly religious family didn’t approve of him marrying a man or coming out. Castiel expected this...but it still hurt. Castiel had no one but his bandmates coming and their families.
Castiel didn’t speak softly wrapping his legs around Dean’s waist and holding his ass, teasing Dean to press against his hole. Dean leaned down and kissed him just as he pushed slowly into him. It hurt. Castiel broke the loving kiss to wince, but Dean was gentle. Dean took his time to slowly slide into him. One inch at a time till Dean’s balls pressed roughly against Castiel’s cheeks.
“Benny. Crowley.” Castiel spoke making them rip away pretending that just didn’t happen. Castiel came in with his suit jacket over his shoulder, a little dirty from the blast and covered in human blood. “I called another car here. I handled the humans. Let’s go.” Crowley spoke as he walked away. Benny and Crowley exchanged looks before Crowley quickly got up following after Castiel. Benny frowned noticeably before kicking dirt onto the fire before following after them.
“MY TURN!” Dean yelled. Castiel glanced up at a sound and cursed reaching up to catch Dean who had jumped off spinning him again at the momentum.
“I thought it was just a precaution?” Castiel choked in panic, why were they quickly packing if there was nothing to worry about. “If it’s just a precaution, why leave it?”
“Who the FUCK do you think you are just barging in like you OWN the place!” Dean snapped. “This is OUR home, not yours!”
“Yeah.” The man started sliding his hands through his pocket. “Almost ten years in?” Castiel nodded taking in the information. “Come on, we should get away from this area, you don’t want to be where you died when the time hits you died.”
“My light.” The king breathed cupping Castiel’s face sadly. Castiel eyed his face, something must be upsetting his father. The king looked so defeated.
“Jody, can you tell him he has four grandbabies. One girl, and three boys?” Sarah stated as Jody eyed her.
“I don’t think Gabriel would be involved,” Michael stated. “He’s very helpful. He cares about his brother...and he’s not overly helpful.” Michael commented. “I’m not getting a helpful murderer vibe from him.”
Castiel wasn’t necessarily sure when he started living here, but he had. Castiel walked up to their farm being welcomed by Colonel who happily greeted his masters at the door. Castiel kneeled to give him all the attention before he took his shoes off at the door. Dean took off his coat and walked towards the bedroom to shower and change which he always did after a concert. Dean ushered Castiel with a smile to follow which Castiel smiled back in love happy to save water with him.
“Mr. Demon? Do you have a name?” Castiel asked as the demon turned. “I can’t just keep calling you Mr. Demon forever.”
“No, you want a forbidden love. An impossible love.” Gabriel glanced up knowing as Castiel just sighed, turning away. “The love you want is something you can’t have. You know it and he knows it.”
“Momma,” Gabriel called in worry as Dean gave him a reassuring look he was okay before he moved to Castiel cupping his face. Dean didn’t know what to do. Dean leaned up giving him a soft quick peck, the kiss made Castiel snap out of his rage. Castiel blinked his eyes stopped glowing as he slowly let go of Anna. Anna was a crying mess on the floor.
, Dean!” Castiel cursed. Dean was in a fit of laughter once again as Castiel yelled at him how stupid that was and that he could have gotten hurt.
“Gabriel. I-I raised you since you were a baby.” Castiel sniffed breaking down more than he cared to admit. “I-I always wanted the best for you, and the best found you...while mine found me.” Castiel smiled to Dean as Dean kissed his forehead. “I hope he makes you so happy because I will
“No, you can. Just like the burgers, we can’t take them from the living world but we can take and use them in ours.” Dean stated pulling a leather jacket from the rack putting it on. “I mean, the clothes your wearing are real-world, yet you’re wearing them.” Castiel nodded looking.
Gabriel straddled Sam as Sam winced at his weight, Gabriel pulled off what remained of Sam’s damaged sweater careful of the wounds but Sam still whimpered. Gabriel closed his eyes nervous.
They spoke the language of their home kingdom. Talu. They came from a small fishing town in a very small kingdom Castiel couldn’t recall the name of. So small it wasn’t exactly on anyone’s radar. Though Castiel prided himself on all languages of the
“Ready to go?” Mary spoke as everyone grumbled. Mary reversed back and went to drive towards the freeway. The car was silent, except for Mary humming to herself.
"All of the places of significance in our relationship. Leading back here." Cas looked up. "I hope he says yes."
He took a deep breath, closing his eyes as he exhaled slowly. His hand on the doorknob. He opened his eyes and pushed the door open. Sounds of people talking and silverware clanging on dishes met him immediately. The hostess greeted him with a smile. "Meeting someone?" She asked, then looked at his wrist which was now glowing bright blue. He smiled at her.
Zachariah took a couple of steps toward Dean, almost closing the distance between them. "Listen here, farmboy. Castiel..."
Cas’ feet had barely hit the ground when he felt himself being pulled. Dean had reached an arm around his waist and dragged him quickly toward him. Dean had his mouth on Cas' in less than a second. Cas went rigid for a moment before relaxing. He put his hands on Dean's hips and opened up to him, allowing Dean to explore his mouth with his tongue.
Cas acted shocked. "But, ma, I'm a perfect angel..." Naomi rolled her eyes at her son and walked off to her room. Dean snorted. Cas winked at him. "Oh yeah, food. What are you in the mood for?" Dean pursed his lips in thought. "Hmm, whatever you decide to make." He took a drink of his soda.
"Yeah... mmhmm..." Cas fell back to sleep, mouth still open. Dean just looked at him. There was still 6 weeks left of training, and he had to stay at the college for that. Leaving again was like having to decide which limb he didn't want anymore. He hated leaving Cas. Every time he did, it was like someone had taken a piece of him and he was left with this hole in his heart. He imagined Cas felt the same way, maybe more.
At last the food arrived. The talked about everything while they ate; of childhood, high school, what they did in each others absence.
Cas strummed his guitar. "Last night if you must know. So still doing better than Adam." Everyone laughed again. "Alright, what's next?"
Dean put his hands on Cas' hips. Both impossibly close. It only took a few seconds for them to start moving in time with the music and dancing like horny teenage at a rave. Both holding each other by the hips and grinding on one another.
As the waitstaff cleaned up the guests dinner plates, the deejay came over the speakers. "Ladies and gentleman, I would like you all to gather around the dance floor as Dean and Castiel share their first dance as a married couple. Guys, come on out."
Cas woke up with light filtering through the windows of the Impala. He sat up quickly. "Fuck! Dean! Get up! If I'm late my parents are gonna kill me!"
Dean suddenly rolled so he was on top of Cas. "But, we could probably make a little time right now before we have to go."
He pulled his phone out of his pocket. One new voicemail. He put it on speaker and listened. His mom's voice filled the silent room.
About half way through some of the kids stopped and stared. Some laughed and pointed. But Cas really didn't care. He was just trying to have some fun with his best friend. When the song was over Charlie leaned in the car and turned the music down. "You're crazy Novak." She laughed. He smiled and shrugged. He put his guitar back in her car. She rolled up the window and locked it. Cas put his arm around her and they walked into the building. "So, band playing tonight?" She asked. He looked down and smiled then looked at her. "Of course, it is Friday after all." He replied. She smiled and nodded. "Can't wait." Charlie always showed up at his concerts. Cas is the lead singer and guitar for a cover band he and a few of his friends formed in the eighth grade. They were even in the talent show at the end of the year. They played "All the small things" By Blink 182. They walked down the hall to their lockers. They were only a few lockers away from each other, so they could still talk. "What are you playing tonight?" Charlie asked. Cas unlocked his locker and opened it. "Seether, Mayday Parade, MCR, Dead By Sunrise, From First To Last, and The Summer Set." He replied as he dug out the books he'll need for his morning classes. "Oh! What songs?" She asked excited. He looked at her and smiled.
"It keeps him awake and alert. He'd rather not fall asleep on his bike after a long day." Charlie replied. Dean nodded. When they arrived, Cas grabbed his guitar from the Impala. "Thanks for bringing it." "No problem. Do you ever think to leave it here?" "No way. My real mom gave me this." He said as they walked around back. He didn't realize what he said at first until Dean said: "Real mom? You don't live with your real mom?" Cas stopped and looked at him for a second. Charlie looked between both boys. "Uh, no. I don't." He looked at his feet and started walking to the back door. Charlie nudged Dean. When Dean looked at her, she shook her head. Warning him not to continue with the conversation. Of course. Charlie knew everything about Cas. Maybe Cas would tell him someday. Cas opened the door and held it open for them. Charlie went first, giving Cas a curtsy as she passed. Cas smiled and bowed. "M'lady."
Benny turned around and smiled at Dean. “Nah. I'm a professional.” Dean shook his head. Meg walked up behind the friends. “Alright, ladies. I brought the boys. Let's party!”
Cas closed the door behind them. Dean fell back on the bed. "That went well." Cas said. Dean looked at him. "Seriously?" Cas smiled. "Could have been worse. You could have said no." Dean groaned. "Not funny Cas."
They chased him through the house and outside. The rest of the gang followed, including Dean, after he put on some pants.
"Okay? Fuck this was the best night in my life! And he's gonna push my demo! Like, seriously?! Baby, this is amazing." Cas took Dean's mouth in a hasty kiss and hugged him tight. "Thank you."
After Cas changed, they headed down to the mess hall. Since word apparently got around quick, everyone was staring at them the whole time.
"Okay. Uhh... musician... entertainer. I don't know..." He looked up and saw them using an Ambu bag on him. The paramedic walked over to Dean and moved him out of the room.
Dean was awakened suddenly by Cas jumping on him. "Jesus Cas! What the hell?" He rolled over. "Christmas Dean!" Dean propped himself up on his elbows. "Did Santa come?" Faking enthusiasm. Cas rolled his eyes. "Just get up and get dressed." Dean fell back on the bed and groaned. "It's like five in the morning!" Cas smiled. "I know. I want to give you one of your presents early." Dean sat up. Alright, I'm going."
He didn't tell Cas where they were going, only that it would be a long drive. Cas had fallen asleep since Dean woke him up early. He slept almost the whole way. The night before tired him out. Dean didn't blame him. Now they were homeless. He thought about asking John if he could move into the lake house. Cas woke up as Dean pulled on to the long dirt driveway. "Where are we?" Voice raspy from sleep. Dean looked over at him. "You'll see in a bit." Cas sat up and looked out the window. "It's pretty here." Dean smiled. When he pulled up to the cabin, he parked the truck. "We're here." He got out of the truck and grabbed the bag from the back. Cas got out and looked around. "The lake house." He stated. Dean walked around the truck to him. Setting the bag down he put his hands on Cas' waist. "The lake house. I did promise you." He kissed his forehead. Cas smiled. Dean took his hand. "Come on." Leading him inside. "Everyone will think we ran away. That they drove us out." Cas said. Dean shook his head. "We're not. I just can't deal with that crap right now. I just got back from a war, I'm not about to start another one in my own town." Cas nodded. "I understand." He kissed Cas' temple, letting his lips linger for a moment before moving away. "How about I get us unpacked then we go down to the lake?" He flashed his crooked smile that Cas loved. "Or we could stay in for a bit." He pulled Dean to him. Dean brushed his lips past Cas' and kissed his jaw, then his neck. "It's been way to damn long." He breathed. Cas nodded in agreement. Dean kissed him deeply, walking backwards to the couch. He turned Cas around and pushed him on the couch. He landed with a soft thud. Dean climbed on top of him and continued his kiss. Moving his hand up Cas' shirt to his chest. Dean took of his leather jacket that now smelled like Cas. He must have worn it a lot while Dean was away.
“...Mommy, we have to hurry.” Jack whispered as he touched Castiel’s face relieving him of the pain. “I can only stop my birth for so long...and if we don’t get to Joshua in time and I am not born in the light place, God will make me go with grandma.”
Castiel put Sam down slapping his butt towards the food playfully. Sam laughed loudly as Castiel moved to hold Dean close before noticing a stuffed black dog on the counter picking it up. Castiel blinked at it confused but when he smelled his mate’s embarrassment he raised an eyebrow at him.
“I-I will. I promise.” Dean spoke as Castiel stood helping Dean stand. Dean took the help happily limping till he was steady. “T-Thank you...Cas.” Dean blushed at their connected hands pulling them back rather quickly. The boys exchanged looks. “Um. You are welcome to enjoy the house. Let me know if you need anything.” Dean limped out of the room as Sam giggled noticing the blush. Dean shooed them away closing the door behind him as Castiel watched them go.
Dean eyed him before he went back to eating his ice cream. Dean wanting for Castiel to continue. Hoping he would cave.
“It’s okay, I deserved it,” Castiel commented as Dean leaned in, he softly kissing Castiel’s bruised nose. Castiel smiled softly before he kissed him again with meaning. “...I want to explain myself. The reason...The reason I brought you back here is I want you to meet your brother.”
Dean slowly started to move his hips, easily and slow. Castiel rubbing Dean’s ass in his hand as he moved. The sex was slow and easy, Castiel’s hands slowly helping Dean rock harder and deeper. Castiel turned them to pound his lover, his eyes glowing as Dean panted and moaned loudly. Dean biting into his mating mark as Castiel pounded him just right.
Dean stood brushing the slightly damp dirt from his clothes before he offered Castiel a hand. Castiel accepted it with a nod of a thank you. Castiel standing, his slightly damp clothes also brushed off the dirt that clung to them. Sam sent a disapproving annoyed look to his brother who smiled awkwardly knowing he was going to get words.
“Yeah…” Dean eyed his face before he turned to lay on the fin looking around with Castiel. “Some perks of the dead...” Dean breathed looking at him.
Gordon studied this house’s layout before when it was posted online after Dean bought it and knew which room was the guest room by the amount of time he studied the place. Gordon eyed the tree near the window before he climbed up it. Gordon got to the top as he eyed the room. Blessed to all the lights being on as Dean engaged in a sexual act with his lover.
“You never made contact with someone enough to realize that no one else could see you.” The man stated. “You live alone with little contact with people. You were able to live out your lazy day over and over again. Must have noticed some stuff was off?”
Castiel moved to Leo kneeling to him, Leo glanced upon his own tablet. Castiel eyed what he was doing. Leo like to draw on his, he was getting better and better with each drawing. Castiel knew he was going to be selling his own art one day. Castiel pulled a blanket out putting on his legs.
“Charlie.” A man spoke moving to hug her almost instantly, Castiel took him in. He recognized the singer though he never had the pleasure of meeting him. “...You must be Castiel, I’m Dean.”
“Alright, jump out. I’ll dry you off.” Dean patted outside the tub as Sam climbed out. Dean used a towel to clean his fur, taking time to dry him before he sighed ruffling Sam’s face in his hand. “Good boy, Sam. You’re
There is certainly a friendship here. Unexpected, but strong. They share a decent amount of interests– even if Dean likes to pretend that he’s too cool to share them, his knowledge of them betrays him. But most importantly, they connect in the spaces where they’re different, fitting like puzzle pieces. Where Castiel slips and struggles to talk about himself, Dean draws him out with easy conversation, and shared anecdotes about himself. Where Dean is self-deprecating and blasé, prone to joking at inappropriate moments, Castiel is able to sense the core of the issue to provide a reassurance that actually seems to get through to Dean.
When Castiel asks who ‘baby’ is, not without some apprehension, he gets a slew of picture in response. It’s a beautiful black boat of a car, and in one of the pictures, Dean is asleep behind the steering wheel. It makes Castiel smile.
Castiel doesn’t bother arguing. They’ve spent the better part of the day trawling through the bodies of the dead kids. Castiel has seen worse, but somehow this unsettles him. He can’t see the faces of the demons. He can’t catch traces of their foul effusions. No sulfur. Nothing.
Castiel gets this faraway look and smirks. A moment later he admits, “You’d look good covered in grease.”
Castiel is seized with the urge to touch Dean. To offer comfort. Surely touching the lines on his face, the deep creases, the gouges dug by pain– surely touching them could help. He lifts his hand and Dean catches it, fingers folding over Castiel’s wrist. Dean frowns at him, equal parts sadness and anger. All feeling is pain. All degrees of pain. All good, all bad. All too much.
“I can’t breathe,” Kevin complains from where he’s stuck with his head in Sam’s armpit. Sam laughs and moves his arm around to hike Kevin closer.
(in hell, on earth, in heaven, on earth, above the clouds and beneath the deepest oceans, searching, searching, searching and no matter how hard he looked, Castiel only ever found the truth in one man–)
As they pass it, Castiel sees heads and faces pressed to the window. And splatters of blood. Everywhere. The carnage continues beyond the bus. The pavement is tracked with blood like someone dragged a body up to the entrance of the student center. There’s police cars parked, lights still flashing.
It’s a nice change of pace. Taking the evening off, just unwinding with Castiel. The pre-date jitters faded when they started to relax over the first drink, and then Dean had to remind himself that it was not a date. No matter how good Cas looked with his tousled hair glistening fresh from the shower, dressed in dark jeans and a faded Arctic Monkeys t-shirt. Dean has to try very hard not to think about how he wants to spend hours mouthing at the collarbones cutting the soft worn fabric.
Castiel shakes himself out of the daze. No. He was an angel. He is still capable of austerity. It’s none of his business. What happens between them, whatever happens, is none of his business. Not his to have any opinion about.
Castiel hesitates, but decides that he ought to reciprocate the trust he’s been shown. He’s not so sure he’d believe a stranger so readily if their situations were reversed. He sends off the text, promising himself it’s gonna be the last one. He really does have to get to work.
“I can heal myself,” Castiel insists, hissing at the sizzling agony that hits him when the spirits douse his shoulder. “I don’t need–“ The words get trapped around a scream he refuses to let past his clenched teeth. Something hot and sharp pushes into, and then under his skin. The flesh burns and aches at the intrusion.
The following morning, as Castiel watches, Dean tucks daggers into both boots. He holsters one gun around his thigh and tucks the other into the waistband of his jeans. Slings a rifle over his shoulder. Fills his pockets with spare rounds, extra ammunition, a pocketknife, and a flask of either holy water or liquor. It’s a sight to behold. Castiel feels a surge of exaltation for him.
Something for Castiel to reminisce about fondly– that affair he had with the guy from the corner store before he graduated.
The Winchesters fight constantly. Sometimes Bobby breaks them up, and sends them to opposite corners of the house. Sometimes he lets them scuffle. Sometimes he kicks them out.
“Dean.” Even as he tries to protest, Castiel feels the soup warm his belly. It has soothed the ache in his throat. Its nourishment might not actually help, but it is still a salve.
“Dean, come on!” Sam exhales sharply, frustrated. “I told you about this weeks ago. Just– ignore the cameras. Pretend we’re not here! It’s not a big deal. It’s like having a conversation with a friend. You know how to do that.”
Oh. The weird tightness in Dean’s chest melts away. He feels stupid for ever feeling like– it was a stupid doubt. Castiel was thoughtful to a fault. He cared about people, not just Dean.
“I didn’t save you,” Castiel says, but he’s weak. His lips press a kiss to the corner of Dean’s mouth and he closes his eyes. He tries to forget himself, everything extraneous. He thinks,
Meg. Cas does know this. But… something makes Dean pause, even though he’s never cared before and been vocal about his dislike of her in the past. Maybe it’s the cameras. Maybe it’s the defeated slope of Castiel’s shoulders.
It’s been a mild winter. They’re two weeks into December and there are still some patches of green in the lawns. Dean wraps his hand around the bottle of lube in his coat pocket and concentrates on putting one foot in front of the other.
Dean moans as Castiel sucks him into his mouth. His hips buck up, but Castiel clamps his arms around Dean’s thighs and holds him in place. He can feel Dean’s breath hitch under him when he suckles at the sensitive head for a few long minutes.
Dean’s no stranger to obstinate, controlling parents. He’s relieved his father had passed before he had the crisis with his sexuality. Dean doesn’t think he would’ve had the balls to come out and defy his father. That was all Sam. Dean did what he was told, even if he didn’t want to. So even now that he’s comfortable in his own skin and sure of himself, he appreciates that his family has been accepting of who he is. He knows that he’s lucky, and he really feels for Castiel. He just struggles with expressing anything heartfelt like that.
“So I got fired,” Dean says nonchalantly, eyeing the new seasonal pancake flavors on the special menu.
For this man’s sake, Castiel wishes he had the answer for the questions. From the sound of it, the relationship was unhappy and short-lived to say the least. Possibly unhealthy as well, but Castiel doesn’t know enough to really say.
It hurts, but Castiel swallows it without complaint. Humans tell the truth, humans lie. At the end of the day, they’re only words. He is older than words. He is beyond words. Instead, he tries to reason.
He’s heard it before, and he knows it’s an empty offer. He barely has a GED, and he certainly doesn’t have the brains for police work. He’s too much of a screw-up. He has a history. Jody has good intentions, but she can’t keep the promise she’s making, and Dean knows that. It’s not her fault, though.
“Where are you, Dean?” Castiel asks, because it’s now or never. He’s on the cusp of something incandescent, that human release, the corona of an eclipse in a feeling just as ephemeral. He starts to say the words, the three-tone trip down the tongue that encompasses a feeling as vast and infinitesimal as every last atom in him but Dean seals his mouth in a kiss, stealing the words away.  Now is not the time.
A warm hand grips his weakly. The Mark falters, then grinds on with a hellish heat, but it's enough. Dean shakes. The sky clears. The arid desert air filters out. He's in the bunker. Cas is... The Mark roars. Floods his senses. A monster.
Dean gapes, at a complete loss for words. “Cas…” he manages weakly before Castiel shuts him up with a kiss.
Cas’ shoulders hike up to his ears and he reaches for the next card. “I’m not having this conversation again, Dean.”
He spends a few minutes staring unseeingly at the cover and helplessly thinks of Dean. He buys it. It’s a sign, he thinks, uncharacteristically superstitious. He needs to try again with Dean. He will try again.
“Cas?” Dean nips at his inner thigh, sharp enough to sting, and soothes it with a wet kiss. “I’m fuckin’ serious, babe.”
Maybe this isn’t a problem to Castiel. Maybe the guy has problems of his own. He's distracted. After all, he’s putting himself through school, about to graduate, and looking for jobs himself. Dean was stupid to think that this would even be a blip on the radar. Besides, Dean doesn't want to talk about it. He hates talking about things. That’s Sam’s bag.
“I’m sorry to hear about that.” Dean chewed. Castiel slowly wrote down what he observed. This man was very open and honest with Dean. Starting to complain about all his problems, things he hated about his life. Private stuff. Stuff you wouldn’t normally tell strangers.
“Come on, it’s easy. I’ll show you.” Sam lit up as Gabriel hesitated, he watched Sam’s tail wagging happily.
Sam looked directly at the peephole before smirking. Castiel didn’t have time to react as Sam punched the door, throwing the door at Castiel. Knocking him clear through the house, stopping as he hit the wall three rooms away. Castiel grunted, moving out of the hole in the wall, some bricks falling as he stood.
“Come on, we are going to snuggle in bed and keep you warm.” Castiel took his hand, Dean didn’t object before they were snuggled into Dean’s childhood bed cuddling close. Dean felt his omega hold him, nuzzling him close. Dean’s hand moved to his belly caressing their child softly. Castiel warm breath against his neck softly lulled him to sleep.
“Wh-Where’s my sister?” Eve looked around as Crowley held out some water to her which she took hesitantly.
Castiel was just a mess of sounds when Dean’s cock twitched telling him he was close. Castiel despite shaking and so tired rotated Dean, pressing him back into the bed. Castiel straddled him, sliding his cock into his used worn hole. Castiel slowly rocked himself on Dean’s cock, staring his lover in the eyes as they got closed to their orgasms. Castiel rocked and bucked on Dean’s desperately, Dean holding his hips to pound up into him. They were so close. Castiel panted and gasped, his cock throbbing and twitching as it once again was milked itself of cum with each thrust.
“I’m...Sorry, what?” Crowley questioned as Benny kissed him again. “You’re not mad I just adopted them without your say?”
agenda.” Dean stated seriously getting in his face. “...Why should I allow either of you to have me?”
“When you’re dead, every wound you do to me. I’ll do to him.” Alastair purred. Dean’s eyes glowed red in anger. Dean grabbed for Alastair’s hand as he moved to stab him again. He slammed Alastair’s hand down into the hard wooden floors till Alastair let go of the blade. Dean moved to grab for the weapon, missing as Alastair reached for his belt to grab another knife.
“Stay here till I get back,” Castiel called glancing as Dean was leading the wolf Sam to the bathroom...by force.
!” Gabriel screamed and growled. Sam’s eyes widened moving to pull his napoleon complex friend away from the pack. Sam barely got a hold of Gabriel’s sweater when the pack leader snipped at Sam biting hard into his ear. Sam whimpered as blood slid down his ear, another wolf slammed Sam down to the ground. Gabriel snapped out of his rage seeing Sam hurt. Gabriel’s breath hitched, turning away from the pack leader to move to Sam. “S-Sam!”
“That we are looking into adopting?” Dean asked. “No. I haven’t told them yet. I thought we can tell them together after the wedding. I mean we are looking into places and stuff. We said it would take as long as it takes to find the right kid that would fit.”
When Jess shoved Charlie away from her causing her to fall onto the hard black pavement. Charlie moved to yell at her because of her scraped knees and hands but...there was a small explosion of fire where she and Jess once was. Jess moved protectingly in front of her as Charlie stood looking at the van on fire they were once standing in front of.
Dean stood holding his cane outside the bathroom door waiting for Gabriel to finish using the pregnancy tests. Gabriel came out with the two tests, putting the lids on as he placed them on the coffee table. Dean and Gabriel both looking down at them.
“Royal blood,” Dean explained. “Royal blood is black and has agents to keep them living forever. Normal demons have red blood, it doesn’t have the same properties.”
Sam panted kneeling in the dirt as Gabriel laid beside him, Sam was watching the forest for anything they could hunt. Gabriel eyed Sam’s happiness, he never seen him this happy before. Maybe this was something he loved to do.
Castiel just cried holding Dean to his body as Benny bloody and beaten to a pulp collapsed next to Castiel. Castiel glanced up in tears as Benny reached over taking Dean’s hand. Crowley watched as Benny put a finger to his lips. If Dean was Dead...this could kill him.
“I think he wants nuzzles,” Bobby spoke nuzzling into Booker who nuzzled back falling back onto his butt with his happy nuzzling.
“Why do you guys get all high and mighty about dignity when you brutally kill them.” Castiel snapped, grabbing for his stuff. “You are all monsters anyways, why do you even care about their dignity?!” Castiel snatched something from the fridge before moving to his bedroom angrily slamming the door. Dean stared at the door for a long time before he went back to eating. Wondering if all humans were as angry as the human Castiel.
“No! I just woke up! I don’t want to go back!” Dean slammed back against the wall trying to get away from him as Dean slid down the wall holding his head cradling himself. “P-Please! I’ll be good! Don’t make me sleep!”
“Oh! Yes! Castiel we will see you downstairs, alright?” Gabriel beamed as he took Sam’s arm and walked away. Castiel listened to the silence of his room before hesitantly moving to knock on the connected room’s door. He heard something fall as Dean croaked.
Michael watched crime scene investigators walking around, taking photos of blood splatters on the tree or ground. Michael sat a bit back taking their first break since he started the case. Watching as a large heavy bloody branch was bagged and walked past them.
“The pirates want their people to be recognized as a thirteen kingdom. The kingdom of the sea.” The king spoke, the words hit Castiel like a brick. His father didn’t have to continue for him to understand. However, his father continued nonetheless. “They want a mating, they want an heir. They wanted the rare male omega.”
“I knew where the memory slot was, so when he had me check the camera to check for the video, I took it,” Sam stated. “He’s not threatening my future brother in law and getting away with it. You can come out when and if you want to okay? He left with nothing. Your secret is safe.” Castiel smiled softly before he folded the memory card till he broke it. Castiel let out a breath in relief.
Castiel understood what Dean was implying. How would a queen react to this? He needed to be a queen to these people. So letting Dean go without punishment would not only cause future problems down the line for them with the people feeling betrayed. He would have to approach this like a pirate queen.
“Yep...That’s all she wrote.” Dean stated straddling Castiel wrapping his arms to hold Dean’s waist. Dean wrapped his arms around his neck before Dean eyed Castiel’s face. “But let’s not talk about them anymore…”
Dean sat eating dinner while Castiel worked next to him, he seemed to be writing a letter to someone. Dean watched him curiously scribble words with his pen, Castiel mumbling to himself as he checked over his notes. Once the letter was complete and signed, Castiel turned to him innocently enough.
Castiel reached over softly sliding the flower down Dean’s cheek, watching the peddles brush each freckle Castiel counted daily in his presence. He never could figure out how many there were, each day the number changed and he couldn’t decide if he was bad at counting or if Dean just seemed to grow or lose one to spite his count. Today he counted thirty-four. Yesterday, he counted thirty-two.
“I just think….life is short and damn your father for keeping your brothers away from one and another.” Castiel touched his face. “I brought all of us down because I want you to reconnect.”
“I’ve never been around a baby,” Gabriel stated shyly. “I normally keep to myself and my restaurant isn’t really for kids…” The baby blinked his blue eyes up at Gabriel suckling on the bottle as he tried to stay awake. “How do you know what he wants?”
“John, what is so-” Sarah stopped when she noticed the beautiful wildflowers and the river that flowed through the flowers. “John, this is beautiful.”
“...I wanted her to love me.” The man looked down before he pulled his hand away and left out the door. Castiel turned to see Dean’s eyes still glowing.
“I-I don’t know. I mean, there must have been one. I just...never wanted to go.” Dean admitted. “I couldn’t watch my brother cry.”
Castiel moved to him as Dean coughed and turned red, blood spilling from his lips as he coughed, pouring into the floor. He collapsed onto the floor as Castiel moved to scoop him up into his lap in worry.
“...” Castiel said nothing watching Dean move, he had lost weight. His pajamas fit loose on him. He didn’t have to guess that hard he has been surviving on very little and beer. Dean took a seat on his couch with a sigh like he wasn’t sore from being passed out on the floor for how many hours.
“Dean it is then.” Castiel stood as he moved to the fridge to pull something out when his phone beeped. “Shoot, I’m late,” Castiel stated as he grabbed for his keys. “Are you hungry? Do you eat?” Dean nodded slowly. “I’ll order food to the door. Just open this door and take it when someone rings. Okay?” Dean nodded. “Stay here and don’t touch anything.”
“You look so beautiful.” Gabriel smiled softly. Even Gabriel was dressed up for the moment. Sporting his suit, Gabriel slid on his masquerade mask. “This is going to be so fun! I haven’t been to a ball in ages!”
“I would have been killed as a traitor to the king for trying to clean up your mess.” Benny snapped.
“I won’t leave him!” Claire sobbed tears pouring down her face as she held Dean in her arms feeling the blood soaking into her clothes. Meg cursed taking off as Claire continued cradling his head in her lap, she felt a bullet wound in the back of his head that her fingers almost slid into. Claire sat there sobbing as Dean choked on his blood. “I’m not going anywhere...I won’t leave you.” Claire choked out with sob as Dean felt his life fading.
“D-Did that dog just talk?!” Gordon cursed in surprise before realizing where he was. He watched the dog try to find another way in leaving the back door. The house remained quiet.
“You’re right, she is the worst,” Dean stated. Dean grabbed the bottle ushering him to follow. “Let’s sneak away for a bit, we need some liquid courage.”
“My older brother,” Sam spoke. Castiel opened it, taking in the notes Sam had left inside. This Dean Winchester was a patient of his brother?
Castiel let out a small moan before Dean slid the condom on his own cock. Dean kissed him once again, taking the time to enjoy him. Dean’s lube covered fingers moved to Castiel’s hole. “It’s going to be a bit uncomfortable till you adjust.” Castiel nodded desperately as Dean slid his first finger slowly in. Taking him time to adjust him to his fingers and soon his cock.
“Are you taking care of me?” Gabriel teased. Alphas always kept their little omegas safe at home while they risked themselves instead of hunting.
“A-Anna!” Gabriel called as Dean paused. “We’ll wait for you, I promise we won’t make one till you come back.” Anna smiled softly wiping her tears as she put her thumb in her mouth for comfort. Dean rubbing her back as he carried her upstairs.
“H-Hey…” Charlie choked getting Castiel’s attention again as Charlie pepper-sprayed him in the face making Castiel drop her. Charlie fell to the ground coughing as Castiel growled in pain. Charlie moving to grab the stun gun from her thigh holder she shot Castiel with an electric current which only made them pass out.
“I was talking about your shitshow,” Castiel scoffed. “Just trying to be nice and not call you out directly but since you advertise, I might as well.”
“I changed the license plates. It should buy us time. Besides, people rarely know their license plates. They might not report the change.” Castiel stated.
“You couldn’t make up your mind.” Castiel sat up helping himself to the sweets in front of him. “We couldn’t make a great escape if you were taking forever, so I just decided to take everything.” Dean grabbed for a slice of pie biting into it as it spilled crumbs onto himself. Castiel shook his head seeing the mess Dean was making. “Use a fork!”
“...I was going to tell you.” Castiel whispered in fear as Dean looked away nodding, holding his mouth facing away. “...Dean, don’t be mad-.”
“God, at this point, it was so redundant now I don’t even remember,” Dean stated. “We just never really got along well, Always clashed...I think he always saw my mother in me.”
“Castiel is sick. He needs to be taking it easy.” Dean spoke stealing some bacon from Castiel’s plate, Castiel offered him some more. Happy to feed his mate. Dean beamed having more.
Gabriel was able to find the place he and Sam were earlier...there was blood...a lot of it. Gabriel felt like vomiting was this Sam’s? He couldn’t tell any longer, the smell gone...but lucky enough...there was a blood trail. Gabriel followed the blood to a cave a good distance away. Gabriel hesitated to go inside, hesitated to move. Remembering the darkness and the Wendigo...However, Gabriel entered. He needed to find Sam. He needed to make sure Sam...was still alive.
“So...Sam Winchester,” Castiel commented as Gabriel didn’t react continuing to sew. “When is the mating?”
With a loud pounding on the door, Dean and Castiel exchanged looks. Dean held himself nervously as Castiel sat up sliding on some boxers.
“Gender doesn’t matter to Angels...it’s our status,” Castiel explained eyeing Dean’s face. “...You’re an Angel, you should be able to smell the difference. Notice Sam and Gabriel’s smells. Gabriel is what I am...an Omega. Sam...Sam is what you are, an Alpha.”
“...My spell,” Rowena spoke standing. “...this is who the universe brought. The person who is destined to be part of your destiny and change it forever.” Castiel seemed upset by this.
Dean listened to his instructions before Castiel ushered him to lay on the bed, tucking him in before he went around turning off the light to the room. Castiel laid down beside Dean in bed turning to him as Dean stared at him.
Castiel wasn’t kidding when he said how emotionally and physically draining this was. Castiel at a point was just a rag doll in Dean’s hands. Dean moved into newer and better positions making Castiel dig his nails into the bed. First, he pounded him from the front, then the side, then even from behind. Castiel laid on the bed rotating and moving to Dean’s will. Panting desperately, shaking violently, and pushed to his limit. Dean made him come over and over again.
“...Why is Joshua so important?” Dean asked. “I’ve gone all this way and I still don’t know anything about him.”
Castiel frowned at that but nodded, taking his leave when he noticed Dean grab for the food bag of the meal Joanna had given Castiel for Dean. Castiel stopped in the doorway watching him. If he took one bite, he would leave. Say he tried his best, though he hadn’t. He could leave in good conscience saying Dean, though a mess, was at least a living being of a mess and he didn’t need him.
“Whatcha doing?” Crowley teased as Benny glared at him playfully. Benny tried to push off Crowley but Crowley laid down stubbornly. Benny chuckled moving to pull him off.
“Close? That was an understatement.”  Joanna scoffed. “I would have married him if he wasn’t gayer than a two-dollar bill. However, I am..
“Okay,” Castiel whispered placing a blanket onto his body as Dean closed his eyes already. Castiel gave him a kiss before he walked out. Lucifer walking past him  Castiel was handed food by Michael as Gabriel and Sam sat in the circle of wolves, Everyone happy to see the new addition. Bobby was saying something Castiel didn’t understand.
Dean sucked in air as he felt Castiel’s cock press against his hole, he shivered to wonder when Castiel lost the last of his clothes. Castiel held his waist with tender hands sliding his hands to cup the flesh on his hips. Dean held his breath as Castiel slowly started to slide into him. Dean gripping the headboard arching his back. Dean was so glad for the potion, he wasn’t sure how this thick being was fitting it inside. Castiel grunted when he pushed the last bit in. Dean could feel him so deep, Castiel let go of his hip with one hand to hold Dean’s throat gripping it enough to tilt Dean’s head back. Dean moaned at the grip on his neck as Castiel nipping at his ear.
“I told you not to worry.” Castiel picked up Gabriel just as relieved. “They were just being dogs. Did you guys have fun?”
“His poor brother,” Benny spoke comfortingly covering his wife in a blanket. “He came to the church so upset...He told me you guys might change this to a murder inquiry.”
“That’s what got us in trouble in the first place.” Castiel joked as Rowena sighed sadly before Boris waved for the phone. Boris happily talked to his son, also filled with the same worries Rowena had as she listened...she hoped telling Castiel was the right thing to do.
“Please end this, God!” Dean keeled over sobbing as he leaned forward just crying. “...Please! I can’t do this anymore! Please! Don’t want to be alone anymore...
Sam’s eyes slowly opened feeling a warm body pressed against his own, Sam blinked tiredly not wanting to move away from the warmth it provided. Sam touched his throbbing head as he realized the body next to him...was Gabriel. Gabriel...who was naked and covered in his scent. Even the light nip on his neck showed Sam’s threatening claim. Sam almost believed what happened was just a very good dream...but it wasn’t. Gabriel...had healed Sam from death. He...thought Gabriel hated him…
“You have a lot of nerve-” Castiel growled when Crowley climbed onto his lap. Castiel blinked taken back as Crowley looked down at him. “What are you doing?” Crowley leaned down kissing him but Castiel shoved him back angrily. “I’m mated-”
Castiel chuckled into the kiss as the witch’s hand slid up to unbutton his shirt. Castiel smirked into the kiss cupping Dean’s face to deepen the kiss. Castiel’s tongue slid against his lips, which Dean took the hint of opening his mouth to him. Dean pulling the buttoned shirt from his body, feeling Castiel’s chest. Dean was getting hard and it wasn’t till Castiel’s hand cupping him made him realize how hard he was. Dean moaned loudly against his hand as he broke the kiss to look into Castiel’s eyes.
“Daddy? Where are we going?” Leo asked as Dean innocently looked away like he wasn’t curious as Castiel pushed a stroller of two kids, and Dean pushed the other two. The girls were happy and giggling as Castiel walked down towards their private jet. Castiel eyed Dean, who was pretending not to listen.
“Cas...Where is the horse?” Dean asked as Castiel moved to the only other animal in the area...a Donkey. Dean took in the large very obviously...Donkey. Castiel moved to him petting his nose as the Donkey lazily chewed on some grass. Okay. Definitely not a horse.
“So what happened to the window? Looks like you exploded a bomb.” The man joked as Dean blinked at him.
“You are no good to me dead,” Alastair stated nonchalantly like he didn’t matter. Only the life he can grow...Castiel worried now. His baby. Dean and his child. Castiel not only had to worry about protecting Dean but their child. Castiel felt the urge to vomit which he did turning he vomited into the grass beside him. Alastair looked disgusted but Dean...Dean looked so worried. Dean also understood the gravity of the situation. Alastair handed him something in a flask.
“So Lucifer is real? He’s not a myth?” Castiel asked as Dean nodded. “What about god and all his angels?”
“Just circle your changes and write your plan here. Then scan it and send it off to all email here.” Castiel explained as Sam followed each step. Castiel eyed him as Sam worked. For a kid, he sure was smart. Castiel smiled watching Sam stick out his tongue as he worked. Something Dean did too. Something they never realize they do.
“Azazel!” Sam gasped as John turned to him, Sam scooped up the hamster who blinked at them. John let out a happy sob moving to hold Azazel who was very much alive and uninjured.
Sam called as Dean turned towards the door of the tent. Castiel didn’t have time to react as he moved face-first to the bucket beside his bed vomiting into it. Dean moved to him concerned as he touched his back. Sam came in soaked to the bone to see the two. Dean tossed Sam his bag which Sam grabbed running out. Dean grabbed a couple of other things Castiel would need before he kneeled to Castiel.
“Yes! I see!” Gabriel giggled as Dean pulled his face close smothering it with kisses as Gabriel playfully giggled loudly before Dean pulled back.
“I’m nineteen, I’m older than you.” Castiel beamed innocently. “How old can demons get?” Castiel asked.
“Sure...Please come in.” Joanna pushed the door opened, as Lucifer and Michael walked in. Michael looked around at the nice apartment. Good for a Yoga instructor micro-influencer and her husband who was a priest in the local church. Joanna was closest to Castiel, it seemed that Castiel knew Joanna since high school. Only meeting Benny last year, when Joanna and Benny met on Christian Mingle. They got married and had their child Alex.
He opened his eyes to see Charlie standing over him. The sheet was draped low around his hips, dangerously close to flashing her.
"I'm not giving up on him. After everything Cas has been through, I've always been right there next to him. I never once gave up on him. I promised him Charlie. That no matter what I'd be there. I'll die before I give up on him because he still needs someone there, right next to him, believing in him."
“Woooo! Now that is a damn fire!” Benny howled. Adam stood back and looked at he and Benny's handiwork. They both took a drink of their beers.
Cas took of in a dead sprint, heading back the way he came, past the vehicle that was chasing them. He heard doors open and feet running behind him.
Dean walked into his room, sweaty from hours of drills and team building. He tossed his bag on the floor and peeled off his clothing, stepping directly into a hot shower. He faced the front of the shower with his hand on the wall, leaning so that the water ran down his back. He played with his wedding band. He sighed. It had been almost three weeks since Dean had left Cas at their home and right now he could just say screw it all and quit so he could go back and hold Cas. He was almost at the point of not caring of anyone picked him up or not. The semester was over anyway, so what the hell was he doing here?
"God, Cas, that's so good. So good. Mmm..." Dean could barely hear his own voice. Cas pulled out and turned Dean so that they were facing each other, then replaced himself inside Dean. He took Dean's erection in his hand and began stroking him. He tilted his head up a little and devoured Dean's mouth in a heated kiss, pulling at his bottom lip a little.
Cas and Dean spent the next several hours dancing way to close and practically having sex on the dance floor. Their hands and mouths were all over the place. They knew that people were watching, uploading videos and pictures, but they didn't care.
"Always." He looked up from his phone to see Dean standing in the doorway, wearing his new, close­ fitting jeans and grey ­stripe button down. He had also rub some gel in his hair, making it just spikey enough to be different than his normal look. Cas licked his lips.
Dean grabbed Alec, lifted him up and slammed him on a nearby table. Everyone in the room quickly moved out of their way, knowing there was about to be a fight.
"No really, you have some serious talent! I don't think I've ever seen a seventeen year old kid conduct an orchestra and sing at the same time! You have a bright future ahead of you. You just blew everyone's minds!" Josh looked out at the audience. "Well? What's your verdict?" He held the mic out to the crowd, who were cheering and screaming as if it was Join The Hunt's show. Cas was on cloud nine.
And now, it’s commonplace for him to wake up to a text from Dean. He taps out a reply, then dozes for a couple seconds while he waits.
This time, Castiel feels the pull, just beneath his ribs. Dean’s soul, at the other end of the rope, holding on. This time, Dean takes Castiel’s hands in his and stares at where they join together and says, “Okay.”
Castiel watches as Dean threads the needle carefully, heating the sharp point in the flame of a candle.
“It’s gonna be hard to ignore now. One man goes down and it’s gonna spread through the camp like wildfire. Alphas in irritable ruts, omegas being prickly dicks and betas in the happy middle of horny and hungry.” Mark, since Castiel settles on one, even if only internally, gives Castiel a sidelong look. “Never been in rut before, have you?”
Cas stands up, turns the TV off and circles around his bed to settle down with his head on the pillows. He lies flat on his back, staring at the ceiling, injured hand cradled against his chest. The minutes draw out long and if Dean stares, it’s inconsequential because Cas is somewhere inside that big brain of his, lost. It’s a long time, long enough for Dean’s mind to have quieted into the meditative moments of not-thought on the brink of sleep, when Cas shifts a little and speaks.
Dean is constantly angry. At everyone. He casts these long, unreadable stares at Castiel, but looks away when he’s caught. Other times, he turns to stone. Castiel hates the miserable, unbearable silences.
They threw him out. Heaven is boarded up, and his head is filled with a crushing silence. His brothers and sisters no longer whisper in the honeycomb chambers of their hivemind. Even at his most disconnected, being punished for disobedience, for getting too close to his charge, he hadn’t been cut off. He’d had the steady thrum of their awareness alongside his mind. But now, he’s made his choice.
“Saw you sneak that giant box of nutella onto the jeep,” Dean says to Risa, leaning back in his chair, spreading his legs. “Didn't realize nutella was an essential. Thought we agreed only essentials.”
“Yeah.” Dean squeezes his shoulder, smiling a little. “You’d seen the picture, and you kept turning me down.” He chuckled. “Seriously, though. If anything, I’m guilty of continuing to flirt with you when you kept discouraging me. I figured you either thought I was a catfish or y’know, there was someone. Or something else.”
“I mean,” Dean looks down, fidgeting with the napkin in his lap. “This is all probably super awkward. You don’t want to be here–”
It’s another entire twenty six hours before Dean returns. They haven’t lost any of their men, but haven’t managed to pick up any survivors either. The jeep is laden with boxes of supplies, appearing to be the spoils of a grocery store and a sporting goods store. Food and ammunition. The woman who had been arguing with Chuck accosts Dean almost the instant he steps out of the vehicle.
right. He tries really hard not to hope that he’ll be getting to see Castiel again. Shaking himself internally, Dean focuses on staying professional for the interaction as he hands Castiel his brand new rewards card, and rushes through explaining all the stupid rules and crap.
Dean eyes him for a moment. “Stretch. It’ll help.” He raises his arms above his head and interlocks the fingers and pushes.
“Looking after you,” Dean says, like it’s the most obvious thing in the world. He presses a kiss to Castiel’s skin, at the base of his throat. Below the phantom cut. The tenderness is excruciating. “Can I?”
“I didn’t want to crash your dinner empty-handed,” he explains, rubbing the back of his neck self-consciously.
“No, stop.” Dean pleads. “Just shut up for a second. Just– hold on. I wasn’t trying to – fuck–” he grips his head, realizing that this was actually going to happen. He was going to say it. Finally.
“Okay,” Dean says slowly, running a hand through Castiel’s hair. Castiell visibly relaxes, shoulders slumping a little. He takes a breath, and Dean waits, content to admire the sight above him.
This evening, however, Dean is back in Castiel’s room before the meeting. He smells like earth and blood and rank sweat. It’s a weird cocktail of scents and strangely, it doesn’t repulse Castiel. Dean tosses a rattling plastic cylinder of pills at Castiel, and by some stroke of luck Castiel manages to catch it as it smacks his chest.
By the time Castiel gets downstairs in the next three minutes, the shouting has ceased. Briefly. He waits on the last step when he sees Sam cross the living room.
And on the other hand, he knows virtually nothing... but he wants to know more. He gave a piece of himself, and he finds himself wanting something in return.
They wait expectantly for a few moments but there’s no reply. Castiel finds that he’s actually a little disappointed. Well, he laid that little mystery to rest. No point dwelling on it. Charlie engages him in conversation about work, and invites him to an evening of board games, and Castiel lets himself be distracted.
To his surprise, Charlie stops and looks at him. “You’re not interested?” she asks, tapping at his phone. “This came in last night.”
The clarity makes Dean's head hurt. In the sunlight the Mark calls to him. He resonates with it, and it shakes him apart. The bell tolls. When the bloodlust fills his veins, he runs. It makes him sick, heart pounding in the silence, like he's been running for miles in a desert. His mouth is dry. He can't stop. He drives and the burntearscream fury in his blood makes rivulets of red dance across his vision. He pulls over, rests on the shoulder of the road. The roar dims, clears out. Sound filters back in as though his ears have popped.
He shifts them around so Castiel is on his back. Dean curls up to his side, head tucked under his chin. He starts to rub Castiel’s chest, warm fingertips seeming to touch the quicksand edges of the void in Castiel. The robe slips lower as Dean circles wider and he pauses for a moment.
For a few moments, there’s silence as Dean wanders.  His touch is gentle and sure, and then it disappears.  “Well?” he asks, the ghost of a touch sliding along Castiel’s cock. “Are we doing this?”
They slept at Sam for the rest of the night. Dean woke up first. Bobby came over to see how they were doing. "Can I borrow your truck for awhile?" Dean asked him. "Why?"
"Cal...calm down? My husband is fucking dying and you're telling me to calm down? How the fuck do you sleep at night bitch?!"
Dean continued to work, flicking his tongue at the slit, making Cas shudder and punch the wall. Dean smiled and did it again. Cas let out a loud moan this time, not bothering to try and hide it. "Dammit, Dean. You're trying to make quick work of me, aren't you?" Dean looked up. "Maybe a little. We have more than enough time to take it slow later." He nipped at Cas' tip then flicked his tongue across the slit once more. Cas moaned loudly.
Dean looked at him. "Run you off? What are you talking about?" Cas took another drink of his coffee. "He's most of the reason why I left. Hell he pretty much had me escorted to the damn plane just to make sure I got on it. He knew Dean, and he didn't like it. He wanted me away from you."
"Give me your phone." Cas held out his hand. Dean pulled his phone out of his pocket and handed it to Cas. Cas saved his number. He tossed the phone back to Dean. "Text me tomorrow. I'll text you coordinates. Follow them." He put his helmet on and revved the bike a few times again. "Don't keep me waiting Dean." He tore out of the parking lot, leaving a thin trail of smoke in his wake.
Cas sat down in the chair and listened, nodding in approval. "Yeah, it's good." He turned to the band. "You guys up for a live recording?" They looked at him. "What song?"
The only other time Dean and Cas weren't next to each other was when Dean went on his first supply run after his return. Everyone was a little nervous about it, but he did return the next day.
Gabriel quickly opened the hall closet, throwing the sweater inside and exchanged it for a zip up hoodie.
They took the presents and opened them at the same time. "Shirts..." Cas said. "She said something was written on them. Cas unfolded the shirt and held it out. In the same script as his 'Always Keep Fighting' tattoo, were the words "PerfectDisaster." Dean held his out. "Ever After" was written on his. Cas smiled. "Very clever Charlie."They spent the night at Cas' house, wrapped in each other's arms. They didn't talk about the next day; they pretended that it was just a normal night.
He was going absolutely insane. Even with the steroid he was taking, he still had trouble singing. Which was pissing him off. He knew it would take time, but shit, it's been weeks. He sighed and threw his lyric book across the bed.
"Ugh, fine. But only because I get to stare at your ass as you leave. Actually, when you get back, can you walk in backwards?"
He pushed the thoughts from his mind and stepped under the hot water, letting it wash over him. He washed quickly, dried, and got dressed. Making his way to his room, he grabbed his cigarettes off the desk and shoved them in his pocket.
His head shot up and he stood. The doctor walked over to him. "I'm sorry son, we tried everything. Her injuries were too great..." He kept talking but Cas stopped listening.
Cas took a deep breath. "Oh. It more than passes. Sitting on that plane tomorrow night might be uncomfortable."
Dean had stripped Cas down to his boxers. He moved him over to his bed, and pushed him lightly so Cas fell onto the mattress. Then he covered him up with the blankets and shut off the light.
"Cas, if you don't open the door, I'll break it down. Please! I'm sorry I yelled at you. I wasn't thinking...it just...happened."
"Oh I can be quick." Cas smiled. Cas undid his own pants and kicked them off, along with his shoes and boxers. He climbed on top of Dean. Using the fluid that was leaking from the tip, Cas lubed himself up, as well as Dean's entrance. He began to slowly push in. Dean's eyes slipped closed and he bit his lip.
Dean stopped several hundred feet before the pond and listened. "Where the fuck did he go..." He listened again, catching the faint sound of hooves to his west. He kicked Pandora into gear and headed toward the sound. Finally, he saw the silhouette of Cas and RJ on a hill overlooking the ranch. Castiel hadn't dismounted yet. Dean trotted Pandora up behind them.
"I have no record of that. the couple you were with never signed any papers to take you home and foster you."
Cas through his arms around Dean and kissed hin again, knocking him doen onto the bed. They positioned themselves so they were facing each other. After a few minutes,  Dean pulled back and stared at Cas with a smile on his face. "What ya looking at?"
Dean laughed. Sometimes it was hard to believe that Cas was a grown man. Especially in the morning; with his messy hair, half open eyes, and half asleep smile, he still managed to look every bit of breathtaking he had always been.
"Now, I didn't write song, and I'm not a poet, but I do like to tell it how it is. And it's simple. I love you. And I think I realized it a long time ago, before I even knew what I was feeling. I couldn't put a word to it, but I knew that if I went without seeing you or hearing your voice I wasn't whole. And that hasn't changed. I want your face to be the last thing I see at night and the first thing I see in the morning. Your arms are home to me. And I never want to be without you again."
“Good. Now, we know you're not in heat, otherwise the Alphas would have stared making a fuss when we brought you in. So when is your next heat due?”
Dean flipped him off. "Threaten me with a good time." Cas winked. Dean just opened his soda and took a drink, smiling.
"I'm not even done yet." Cas climbed on top of Dean, running his palms up Dean’s torso. "Just try to keep your eyes on me Winchester." Cas said right before he slammed into to Dean. Hitting his prostate. Dean cried out, gripping the light tan suede couch, digging his blunt nails into the material. He kept his jade eyes
"We'll you're going to be chasing your boyfriend around school. Some people might bee uncomfortable with that."
"Oh! Almost forgot." He turned back to the barista. With a grin, he reached behind the counter, grabbed a cup, and signed it, stuffing a one­ hundred dollar bill inside before handing it to her.
"God I missed you." Dean breathed. Cas pushed in harder. Dean cried out a moan. "I've missed you too." Cas breathed.
"Well, lucky for you, someone upstairs likes me enough to let me bother you a little longer. Come here." Cas grinned at Dean. Dean leaned forward and kissed Cas on the mouth. He laughed.
So...I know I haven't updated in awhile, sorry about that. Life has been crazy. I got dumped, so I've been dealing with that, been trying to find a job so I can get out of my brothers house, planning a wedding, and I had no internet access. But hopefully it's back to the regularly scheduled program so without further ado...CHAPTER 15!
He flipped it over and sat down, Cas followed suit. Dean put one hand in his pocket and stared at it. "Are you sure everything's okay Dean?" Dean looked forward. The sun was starting to set. He smiled. "Do you remember, we were sitting right here when our tattoos first started glowing, and we thought we were superheros?" His kept looking at the sky in front of him. Cas chuckled. "How could I forget?" Dean's smile grew. He was silent for a monent. He could feel Cas' eyes on him. He brought his hand out of his pocket as well as a small box. He looked at Cas and opened it to reveal a ring.
"Okay, so we're gonna play the songs you heard so far and one you haven't. The first song is Stutter." Cas pulled his guitar on. He and the band started clapping, and their classmates followed along.
Dean ran through the door, closing it behind him. "Cas?" He looked around. The entire living room was destroyed. "Cas!" He made his way around the debris. "Castiel!" He walked in the kitchen to see Cas on the floor, bottle of whiskey in hand.
Charlie stepped up next to Cas and put a hand on his shoulder. “We can’t fault you for what you didn’t know. Like I said, you’re here now. And that’s what counts. But, I will warn you that Dean sometimes has flashbacks or PTSD from when his parents died. So just, be easy on him when he does.” She hugged Cas. “He really loves you, ya know? Even when he said he hated you and told us not to bring you up. Sometimes… and don’t you fucking dare tell him I told you this… I’d hear him say your name at night if I was here.”
"Yup. Yup, that's him. Fuck." Castiel punched the seat and then sank down so he was practically laying down. "I hate you, Gabriel."
He laughed a little. “Fucking kid only volunteered because they told him nothing bad would happen, that he'd be safe.”
"Yeah, I'm sure." Charlie teased. She looked out at the front lawn. “What time you headin out for this lovely get together?”
Cas naturally beat Dean back to the barn and was already dismounted and had RJ back in the stall. Dean hopped of Pandora and led her to her stall.  "That wasn't a fair race when you have the fastest horse in the history of ever." Dean smiled.
Cas shut the door and walked across the living room to the stairs. Dean once again caught up and spun Cas around. Cas grabbed Dean's shoulders, spun him around and pinned Dean against the living room wall, his arm across Dean's chest. Cas' electric blue eyes held anger, but there was something hidden in them. They fell silent. Cas slowly lowered his arm. He walked up the stairs, Dean followed in silence. He walked to Rob and Julie's room and opened the door. “What are you doing?” Cas just held up his index finger. He went to the dresser and dug through the top drawer. He pulled something out and handed it to Dean. Dean examined the object. It was a syringe. “Why is your name on it?”
"Excuse me, but have a Mr and Mrs Novak checked out yet?" He asked the receptionist. She looked through the records. "No they haven't" Cas sighed. "Thank you."
He picked up the pen shell and held it with his teeth as he ignited the lighter. The tar on the foil bubble from the heat, and smoke begins to rise. He inhales the smoke through the pen shell and tosses the lighter on his bed, dropping the tin foil on the chair as he lays on his side. Exhaling, he closes his eyes and allow the drug to work it's magic, letting himself float on in a void of nothing.
Slowing the car to a stop, Cas looked at Dean. “Really?” Dean opened the door smiling at Cas and winked. Cas got out and continued to look at Dean. “I got the feeling the other day you come here a lot when you get upset or something.” Cas tilted his head, his mouth half open and his tongue touching his top teeth. He raised his eyebrows. “Huh. Perceptive. Why do think I would be upset?” Dean just smiled and walked up the path. Cas followed him, then took the lead. “There's something I didn't show you last time.” He told Dean. They walked all the way up the cliff and the ground leveled out. The trees surrounded them as they walked down the path. Dean slowed down so he could take it all in. The color of the leaves, golden yellow, red orange, the smell of them. He looked at Cas, who was watching him with curiosity. “Never seen Lawrence like this have you?” Dean shook his head. Cas smiled slightly. “Come on, it's right up here.” He put his hands in his pockets and looked at the ground, kicking rocks as he went. Dean watched as Cas pulled out a cigarette and lit it. He shook his head but didn't say anything. Cas started to walk off the path, Dean looked at him for a second but followed. “You aren't planning to kill me are you?” He joked. Cas rolled his eyes and kept walking, taking a drag of his cigarette. “I haven't been here in awhile. This is where I really go to get away.” They walked in silence for a few minutes, then Cas stopped, putting his cigarette out on his converse sneaker. “There it is.” He pointed to two birch trees. A tree house was built around both. The tree house was made out of old pine, down to the door. The detail was amazing. Shutters made from birch, the roof made black walnut, the rope ladder made from red oak. “Wow! This is...amazing!” Dean exclaimed. Dean took a few steps forward. “Did you build it?” He turned to look at Cas. The crisp afternoon air made their breath visible. Cas smiled. “Yeah well, when you have nothing else better to do...” Cas walked to the rope ladder and made his way up. He pushed himself up and walked over to the door, pulling his keys out of his pocket. He unlocked the door and stepped inside. Dean looked around as he entered. Even the floors were made of wood. “Wow Cas. When did you build this?” He walked around the two tree house. “A few months after I got here in the eighth grade. I used trees that were already down. It took me a few months, Charlie helped.” Cas leaned against the wall. “Nobody, but her knows.” Dean nodded. There was a table and a few chairs in one part, a full sized mattress in the other part. “Have you ever had to sleep here?” Dean looked at him. Cas held his eyes, walking to a chair and sitting. “A few times. Like I said, it's my getaway.” Dean walked over and sat down across from him. He leaned in and brought his hand to Cas' lip. Cas' eyes focused on his. “Tell me what happened.” He said softly. Cas closed his eyes and took a deep breath. He took Dean's hand in his and placed it on his lap, opening his eyes. They were a deep sapphire blue that reflected the sunlight. “I can't Dean. I just- not yet.” Dean lifted his eyes from the stitches to Cas' eyes. He wouldn't push the subject any further. Dean stood up and smiled, grabbing Cas by the hand. “Come on.” He pulled Cas to his feet. Cas looked at him in confusion. “Where are we going now? We just got here.” “My house.”
"We can't do that. You boys need help. Since you refuse to get cured yourselves, then we'll have to do it."
“Seriously, look at you Dean. You not exactly lacking in the looks department. Omegas must have been throwing their sent out left and right.”
Dean leaned against the wall, becoming invisible like his tattoo. He ran his fingers through his hair and sighed. Maybe he would be like the forever alone.
After he dropped everything off at the Roadhouse, he thanked Ellen and Bobby for helping. Exhausted, he called Charlie and told her he'd pick her up and take her home and he'd stay with Cas all night.
Cas got up and walked on stage. "First off, are there any singers other than the kid that did Push?" A few people raised their hands. He chose three of them including the guy who sang Push. He gave them a basic rundown of the song and told them when to sing at what instruments to play and what it should sound like.
“Just run!” Dean pushed him away again, looking to the vehicle and shooting the tires and the front.
Dean pulled Cas in. "Oh, I think I can do better than that." Dean took Cas' mouth in his and kissed him deeply, tongue exploring the depths. Cas moaned. And then a knock on the door.
Cas stared out the window the whole drive home, occasionally making some stupid comment about something outside. Finally they pulled into the driveway and up to the house.
"Well get back to me when you do and we'll talk about it." Cas gave Mr Surley a thumbs up and headed back into the hallway. "If they let you do this, it will be so awesome!"
“I’m gonna go see if she’ll jump that downed tree over there. I think she could be a jumper.” Dean looked out at the yard. Cas shrugged. “Go for it, dude.” Dean smiled and nodded at his friend as he heeled Whiskey into a canter toward the tree. Cas watched him.
"Hey, you're back." Naomi rounded the corner. She smiled at the sight before her. "I take it someone had a good time."
He took off in a dead sprint. Before he got any closer, Benny grabbed Dean around the waist. Dean fought Benny, and hard. "No! They're still in there! Let me the fuck go! When the fire department arrived, Dean just stood there, not moving. Not talking.
Dean was silent for a moment. "Cas?" The other man flinched. "Nobody has called me that in years, and it was only one person..." He looked at Dean for what felt like hours. "Oh my God...Dean?" Dean smiled and without thinking wrapped Cas in a hug. "Jesus I though I'd never see you again!" He exclaimed. Cas laughed. "Me either. But, wait," He pulled away and looked at Dean again. "You know don't you?" Dean knew exactly what he was talking about. "I've known since I turned thirteen Cas." Dean smiled at him.
Mr Surley leaned forward and looked Cas in the eye. "Mr Novak, while the school as a whole is accepting of all relationships and we love diversity among our students, there are still some parents that find relationships like yours and Dean's... unnerving..."
He took a breath. "We may be done with high school and moving on to bigger and better things, but that doesn't mean we should forget about this place. Even if it's just the small things like having a light saber battle in the auditorium or having a smallfood fight with your friends. Never forget what happened here because it's where we come from. It's what made us who we are."
Cas scrunched his nose as he racked his brain for who else could have concocted this plan. Then he closed his eyes and sighed.
"Nope. Especially not after we just, ya know... blew it all over this room." They stepped out of the booth, still pulling their clothes back on. Cas watched as Dean's tshirt fell over his muscled frame. He walked over to Dean and kissed him. "Do you have to leave tomorrow?"
“Not my fault you don’t knock or, heaven forbid, wait.” He pulled the sheet up higher and sat up. Charlie plopped herself next to him. “Thought we could go for a walk and chat. I haven’t been able to talk to you much.”
"Jesus fuck!" Dean smiled. "Dean will do." Cas looked at him. "Shut up." He smiled. Dean started slow, letting Cas get used to the sudden fullness. It didn't take long before Cas was groaning and grabbing fistfuls of bedsheet. Dean moved hips faster, taking Cas in his hand. Cas tilted his head back. "God Dean..." "You gonna come?" Cas nodded, completely wrecked. He hit Cas’ Prostate hard. "Come for me." He hit his prostate again. Cas came undone. "Dean..." His body shook with the force of his orgasm, quiet moans escaping his lips. Hearing Cas moan through his orgasm did Dean in. He leaned forward slightly and let loose, going hard and fast until he felt himself unravel.Dean was still for a moment, opening his eyes finally and blinking into focus. Cas was lying there eyes closed, breathing like he had just run a marathon.
"Uh, a lot of Jack Daniels and ugly crying." He laughed. "Uh, whenever I write songs, I just kinda shut myself in my room and listen to classical music and the words just kind of appear on the paper."
He pushed open the door and everyone went inside. The place was a mad house. The stage crew was everywhere trying to get everything set up. "You the contest winner?" A man said. Cas just nodded. The man gestured behind him. "Band's in the dressing room." He walked off. Charlie squealed causing Cas to jump. "This is so cool! I have to record this for the YouTube channel!" Cas led the way to the dressing room. He froze with his hand on the knob. "Oh for Christ sake Cas." Charlie opened the door. Cas looked at her, wide eyed. "Hey, looks like the contest winner is here." Cas turned to see someone walking over to them. "Holy shit." He said.
"News flash dad: too late. I'm not gonna just stop liking dick just because you say so." Without warning, John punched Dean in the jaw. Dean stayed on his feet. He looked at John. "Try. Try to beat the fag outta me. It won't work." He pushed Dean to the floor. "Maybe you'll stop if I beat it outta him." Dean's eyes widened. "If you touch him..." He warned. His voice cold. John started towards Cas. Dean kicked out his leg. John buckled. Cas backed up til his back was against the door. Dean stood up and walked over to Cas. Standing in front of him. John lunged forward throwing a punch a Dean. Dean grabbed his arm and twisted it behind his back. He kicked his leg out again. When John hit his knees, Dean pushed him to the floor and put a knee in his back. Pushing back on his wrist and up on his arm. "Dean!" He snapped his eyes up. Cas was looking at him. He let go. Grabbing the key from John's pocket, he stood. "Get out of my house. Get out of my life." He said looking at John. John stood slowly. Rolling his shoulder and wrist. "If Cas wasn't here, I would have broken your wrist and dislocated your shoulder. Not bad for a fag." John looked at him Dean moved Cas behind him and opened the front door. "Tell Mack he's got the same thing comin' if he don't keep his fuckin mouth shut." John walked out. Dean slammed the door behind him and locked it. He sank to the floor. Cas crouched beside him. He moved Dean's face to look at his jaw. Dean winced. "Almost broke it." He whispered. He got up and disappeared into the kitchen. He came back with a hand towel full of ice cubes. He gently rested it on Dean's jaw.
“Hell yeah! Let's do it!” Benny hopped in his truck and fired it up. “Let's get on, kids!” He blasted the horn.
"Nah. Just... come over and hang out til they get back. Maybe it will be better if we let them do their thing."
"He won't. I've told you before. He is completely in love with you. He wouldn't have given you that ring otherwise. Oh my God! What did you do with the ring?!"
“You're gonna call… Dean. Really.” Dean had reached up to the counter and grabbed a bottle of whiskey. Benny took it from him and stared him down. “You're gonna call your brother, sober. You're gonna tell him to come home.”
Mr Surley sighed. "Regardless of content, all of the students here are minors, and that means parental consent is required anytime photography or video is used."
"No! Nobody can know. I have nowhere to go except back in the system. You have to swear you won't tell anyone. Ever."
She let him pass and he looked around the room. His smile grew when he found what he had been looking for. He took another breath as a reminder to actually breath, then straightened his tie.
"Of course, come in, have a seat." Dean walked past him and sat down in the chair. The Novaks sat on the bed. "What's this about?" Mrs Novak asked. Dean took a breath. "Look Mr and Mrs Novak, I know you think I'm a bad influence on Cas. That I was always getting him into trouble, but you should know that there isn't anything I wouldn't do for your son. I know you moved to get some distance between us, but we were kids then. Kids are supposed to get in trouble and do stupid things-" Mrs Novak cut him off. "Not when it puts his life in danger." She said in a harsh voice. "If you're referring to the night Cas and I tried to run away"
Cas was released in his mom custody. The first thing they did was go to the hospital. Cas led the way. When they reached Dean's room, he was getting dressed. "So what's the word Cas?" He looked at him and smiled. "I could ask you the same thing." Cas leaned in the doorway. "Well, apparently I'm extremely lucky. Only got a concussion, a minor one. I'll live. What about you?" Cas rubbed his head. "Well, more than likely I'll get probation for the assault charge and oh yeah, I found my mom." Dean stopped putting his shoe on and looked up at him. "You're kidding?"
"I'm going to talk to your parents." He walked into the dressing room and changed. Putting his tux back in the bag, he hung it up. He walked over to Cas and kissed him. "See you at dinner." He walked to the door. "Dean?"
Cas breathed in deeply, slowly, and looked directly in the green eyes in front of him. He smiled a little at Dean and took his hand. "It's been a rough time..." The both jumped off stage and walked over to Charlie, hand in hand. "I can see it now: 'Rock star and football star together again!' 'Scuse me while I go sell this story." She turned to leave.
“We’ll be in a minute, dear,” Zachariah said to Naomi. She closed the door. Cas looked up at his father. “What are… fuck!” Zachariah had grabbed Cas by the arm and pulled him into the garage, closing the door behind them. He shoved Cas against the door.
Charlie was staring him down. She wanted more information and a stare down is how she always got it when they were kids. Cas rolled his eyes.
Everyone slowly filtered out of the bar around midnight. Dean was the only one that wasn't drunk but he did have a good buzz going. Everyone tried to get him to drink more but he'd rather not drink so much. Dean, Jaxon, and a few others were walking through the ally between the bar and another building. They were still laughing about how crazy everyone acted in the bar. Everything happened very fast after that. Jaxon grabbed Dean's arm and spun him around. Before Dean knew what was happening, Jaxon's lips were on his. He pushed Jaxon off and saw someone standing far off behind them.
Zachariah hit Cas again. “This ends. Now. Or no Stanford.” He loosed his grip on his son and walked out of the garage, leaving Cas by himself.
“Alright. Just get some rest sweetie. I'll check on you when I get home.” Knowing that Dean usually showered for at least fifteen minutes. When there was a few seconds of silence, Dean looked at Cas, still holding his hand. Cas was smiling at him. Dean blew out a sigh of relief as he let go and leaned against the shower wall. Cas put his hands on either side of Dean's head, leaning closer. “Is it me or is being in a shower with your mother home incredibly hot?” Dean smiled and shook his head. “Really Cas? With my mom right down the hall? You want to have shower sex?” Cas moved in closer til their naked, wet bodies were almost touching. “Not sex Dean, foreplay.” He smiled. Dean looked at him. “Well, nobody knows this but I do have a few uh, toys.” Cas raised his eyebrows. “Didn't peg you for the sex toy type Winchester.” “Just experimenting. Which is why nobody knows.” “I assume these toys are in your room?” Dean nodded, stepping out of the shower. “Stay here. I'll be right back.”
“I have faith in you,” Castiel says seriously, and if he means it in more ways than one, then it’s his prerogative.
“I want to move in with you.” Castiel’s eyes are wide, and serious, but he looks like he’s seconds away from losing his nerve. “I know it’s only been a few weeks, and you live with your brother and Charlie and Kevin and– look, I know it’s unreasonable but I… I’m fucking crazy about you. When I’m not with you, all I’m thinking about is the last time I was with you, and how quickly I can get everything else over with before I can be with you again.”
Time drags and flies through the weeks in uneven lurches. With fall fast approaching the need for a supply run becomes apparent. The stock of canned meat is near depleted. Risa and a few other women take to hunting fowl and whatever other game they manage to track and bring down– usually small woodland creatures. Once something remarkably like chicken. There is need for medicine and warmer clothing. It comes to a head one balmy evening when Chuck manages to steer a meeting into an argument.
“Lay it on me.” Dean pushes his fingers into Cas’ hair and braces himself for some meandering philosophical musing about the purpose of life. Or bees. It’s too early for Dean to process it properly, but he’s always game to hear the gravelly timbre of Castiel’s voice.
“Figures,” he says bitterly, and tosses it in the trash can. He pushes the blankets aside and gets to his feet with a groan. “Alright. I’ll call Bobby. There’s gotta be lore or... something.” He tugs his pants on, hopping on one foot as he doesn’t quite manage to stay balanced. “‘Least we can regroup and come up with a game plan.”
"Oh yeah. He's in to you for sure. Just make sure he just doesn't want in your pants. If that's all he wants, I can't fight him. He'd kick my ass. And I'm sure he could take Mikey."
“Yeah. Because ‘just friends’ look at each other like that. How Gabriel watches the girls in town. That’s the look I saw on your damn face.”
In a second limousine, Dean took a deep breath and opened the door, camera flashes going off and fans screaming. He waved and walked up the path where he was met by the same person who interviewed Cas.
There were twenty seconds left in the second quarter. They were up by three. Dean was scrambling to get everyone where they needed to be. He looked at the play clock the back down the line. "Hut!" He caught the ball and was in immediate danger of being sacked. The defenders had been on his ass all night. Benny tackled one and Dean almost fell over them trying to get away from the other. Cole was about ten yards from the end zone. Dean threw the ball. He was grabbed around the collar and thrown to the ground. The Lawrence crowd was on their feet, booing at the other team. Cole ran it in for a touchdown. some of the Lawrence crowd cheered, others will still booing at what had just happened to Dean. Dean got up, took off his helmet, and walked up to the ref. "Hey! Are fucking blind or just stupid! I know you just saw that!"
"They're cute together." Cas said. Dean continued to watch them. "Yeah. I'm happy for him." Dean stood up and held out his hand, slightly bowing. "May I have this dance?" He smiled. Cas returned the smile and took his hand. "You may." Dean pulled Cas to his feet and led him to the dance floor. He put his hands on Cas' waist as Cas wrapped his arms around Dean's neck. He pulled Cas closer and slowly moved with the music.
“Cas?” He opened the door and walked over to him. He could feel him shaking without even touching him. Cas had his knees pulled to his chest and his head buried.
He whimpered, bringing his knees closer to his chest, his head on his knees. He let out a small sob, biting his lip. He knew no one outside the cell could hear him, but he didn't want to give the satisfaction.
Dean looked at himself in the mirror. Sam walked out in his tux. Dean smiled at him. "Lookin sharp there Sammy." He straightened his bow tie. Sam smiled. "You too." He pointed to Dean's dark blue tux. The bell chimed as the door opened. Dean saw Cas behind him through the mirror. "You're late." He turned around, a smile on his face. "I know, I know. My parents wouldn't shut up. They insisted on paying for the reception."
They headed to the bar and Cas ordered three shots. He held up the small glass. "Welcome to the dark side." The glasses connected with a clink and the three downed their shots and slammed the glasses on the bar.
He pushed his way through the crowd, looking at arms as he went. Nothing. He searched the entire place. Still nothing. How could that be? He walked out to the front porch. The mid December air biting at his face. It made no sense.
It was around 2:30 when Dean pulled in front of Cas house. “You going to school tomorrow?” He asked. Cas was looking out the window at his house. “Do you think I'll ever find my mom?” Dean looked at him. “Why would you ask that?” Cas sighed, not taking his eyes off the slightly rundown house with it's chipping grey paint, falling shutters, busted garage door and drafty windows. They house wasn't much better on the inside. Holes in the ceiling, walls and doors. He tried to keep everything clean just in case his caseworker came by. “I can't stand them Dean. I'm invisible until Rob feels the need to hit me or-” He cut himself off. “Or what?” Cas sighed, looking straight ahead and let his head fall back, resting against the seat. “Nothing. Just forget it.” He unbuckled and opened the door. “Cas-” “There's a reason why I told you to let it be.” He got out and closed the door. Dean shut the car off and got out, quickly catching up to Cas, grabbing his wrist and turning him. “What the hell are you talking about?” Cas clenched his jaw and pulled his wrist free, saying noting. He turned again and walked to the front door. He unlocked it and stepped inside; before he could close it, Dean walked in after him.
"Your point?" Dean grinned at his brother. "Still. Thanks. I shouldn't be gone more than a few hours and Ben'll sleep the whole time. Piece of cake."
“It's like back in elementary school where a kid gives something off his tray to his crush or something.” Alec continued laughing.
"Alright everyone, we have the lead singer of Join The Hunt here tonight, and he would like to sing something for us."
During their shift, Alec seemed to feel a little better about the situation. But there was this feeling eating away at Dean. He couldn't describe it, but shrugged it off and went about his shift.
Cas drummed on the secretary's desk. "Mr Surley in?" The lady looked up at him. "Go on in." Cas spun around the desk and walked to the door and knocked. "Come in." He heard from the other side. He opened the door. "Castiel. Have a seat." He motioned to the chair in front of him. Cas sat down. "So I have a basic plan for my music video."
"Yes, yes Castiel, we're all impressed by your music video. Now sit down. You're back in school." Cas jumped off the chair and sat in it, still smiling. Crowley turned around. "I Expect big things from you this semester."
When Dean finally got there, he took Dean's hand in his and they faced the minister. Cas looked at Dean, still smiling. "We gather today to witness the union of Castiel Novak and Dean Winchester. These two met senior year of high school. And according to close friends, are the most sickeningly cutest couple ever." Dean and Cas looked at Charlie who winked. Cas rolled his eyes. "The two had quite a few hard times but as they say, true love conquers all. Now they have chosen to write their own vows. Castiel? Would you like to start?"
The barista smiled again. "I'll have your order out in just a moment." She turned to make their coffees.
Cas strapped on his guitar. "Alright, I wrote this song in like early November. This song is called Cross My Heart." The crowd screamed as the band took their places. Cas turned around and smiled. "Good?" Adam looked up. "Awesome!" Cas nodded. "Hit it, bitches." Cas started out with guitar. Adam joined in.
"Excuse me, can we get some boxes for the food and pay the bill please?" Cas asked the waitress as she passed.
Cas took a deep breath and pushed the solid glass door open. He immediately wished he could go home again. It seemed like every employee rushed him all at once. All talking at the same time. He tugged at his tie and started walking through the giant lobby, answering as many questions as he could. Cas was already in full "Castiel mode" as he made his way to the oversized boardroom. He hated being in business mode and hated being away from Dean even more. He hated his dress slacks. He hated his suit coat. He wanted his jeans and tshirt and to ride RJ and River and go to bed with Dean. But, for the next seven days, he was Castiel Novak, founder, owner, and CEO of Novak Digital Security Systems. When he reached the heavy cherry doors of the boardroom, his assistant opened it and he stepped in.
She looked over at Charlie and Dean. Dean took a step forward, looking at her. She motioned for him come over there. "I'm right here Cas." He said getting on his knees in the wet grass. He grabbed Cas' hand. Cas smiled, eyes closed. "Hey, keep those beautiful blues open Cas." His voice cracked. Everything happened very quickly after that. He didn't even know what was going before he was being pulled away from Cas. Cas' body was shaking with convulsions. "He's going into shock." The female paramedic said. Dean's eyes didn't leave Cas. Charlie cried harder. He wrapped her in a hug.
Ducking through trees they ran forward. Adam somehow got in front of him by a few feet. He heard something hit the ground. "Shit...grande get down!" Adam and a hand full of others were feet away from it. Dean ran forward and grabbed Adam's pack. He threw him backwards. The men dove for cover but the explosion would have crippled half of them Dean jumped on top of the grenade without thinking, curling himself around it. It exploded under him. His helmet flew off and he was blown a few feet in the air. "DEAN!" Adam grabbed his helmet and got to him first. He grabbed the picture and stuffed it inside of Dean's uniform. He patted Dean's whole body then checked for a pulse. "He's still alive! Get the medic!" The medic ran forward. "Jesus Christ. It blew the back of his fuckin skull off." He grabbed something out of his bag and put it under Dean's head.
The door opened. A pretty redhead with blue eyes looked up at him. “Hello, Dean.” Dean smiled at her. “Hey, Anna. It’s been… too long.” She smiled at Dean as she looked him up and down. “It definitely has, farmboy.” Anna stepped aside and let Dean into the room.
The gang was sitting around the fire, drinking a few beers to celebrate Cas' win. "Plan on racing again Cas?" Adam asked. "Yeah, I'll race a few more times. Hopefully get to retire RJ as a champion like I did River before my dad made me quit. I'm glad mom showed up today."
“We have a huge problem!” She didn't even explain, she just ran out the door. Dean followed her and everyone followed Dean. Meg led them past the fence through the woods. She stopped about a hundred yards from the field Dean and Cas ran through when they first got here.
Cas looked back at the camera. "Yeah, I'm the last one to turn eighteen. Adam's birthday was in January like a week before Dean's. Benny turned eighteen in March, and Jeff's was last month." The camera cut to the window as the plane was taking off. Adam turned the camera on himself. "And off we go!" He turned the camera back to the window, getting Cas in the shot. "Later Kansas!"
“I just stopped by to tell you Khali and I just got back from our honeymoon. We eloped in Vegas and then stayed for the fun part. Much less complicated than having to do all the work here at home."
Dean slowly opened his eyes, feeling Cas' arm around him. He smiled, replaying the last twenty-four hours in his mind. From the school auditorium to falling asleep next to Cas. He closed his eyes and sighed contently, happier than ever before.
It was around four when they got there. Dean checked in at the hotel and went to meet up with the coach. Cas took their things to the room. He swiped the key card and opened the door. He walked inside and set their things on the floor and jumped on the queen sized bed, landing on his back. He sat up and moved to the headboard and shook it. It was screwed to the wall. "Perfect." He smiled moving off the bed, dubbing it fit to "have fun" in. He walked over to his bag and grabbed a few things and a change of clothes, deciding to take a quick shower.
