Steve threw the rest of the rubbish from his locker away, but he left the ribbon where it had fallen. There was no way he was cleaning up Tony Stark's mess.
, and eventually the doctor had given him something else that made him really sleepy and not notice the hurting so much.
– the book was torn out of Tony's hands. It wasn't unexpected. Tony was a genius, more than capable of calculating risk, and he had known before he had broken into his father's study that he would inevitably get caught, but he'd had to know. He'd needed to understand.
It seemed easier to agree, so Tony did, and they went back to dancing, and Tony thought that he may just be happier now than he had ever been in his life.
Steve was embarrassed, but Tony couldn't work out what he felt. There was some awkwardness, sure, because Steve wasn't his dad, wasn't really anyone except his Shield-appointed guard, but... no-one had ever said that to Tony before. Ever. He'd done precious little for anyone to be proud of, but now Captain America was proud of him.
Steve managed to smile and the minute Barnaby was gone found himself adjusting his clothes self-consciously. He'd thrown an open shirt over the t-shirt to make himself look a bit smarter, with the added security of the high collar. He made sure it was standing up straight, patting down his hair at the back. The last thing he wanted was for Barnaby to spot the blemish.
It had been a gas pocket, of course, and if Steve had been concentrating instead of having half his brain taken up with Tony and Angela, he would have figured out that lighting the match was a bad idea – and exactly what Pietro had done. Luckily for the kid, he had managed to avoid serious injury and after several hours had found a way out through an old air well, only to find his sister had already gone for help.
Two hours later, Tony was sitting on the ancient settee in the lounge of the cabin, feeling distinctly giggly. It wasn't fair – he was the only one drunk, as the other two had been too effected by the experimentation that had been done on them. And he shouldn't even have
'But before I do, there's some apologies I need to make. First, to the employees of Stark Industries and their families, who were out of a job overnight through no fault of their own, I'm sorry. Anyone who is still out of work, or is employed in a position that pays less than their final salary at SI, can write to me for financial compensation. And Pepper, if you're watching, I... what can I say?' He shrugged, coughed a few times to clear his throat, and continued.
'There must have been some sort of mistake,' Steve said. 'We're not looking for a Deputy here.' He unlocked the door and held it open. 'Have a seat, Mr Odinson. I'll go and get to the bottom of this.'
'Sorry, beloved, nothing kills the mood like the sound of Thor and Jen reaching... that.' He wrinkled his nose and went back to getting dressed. A moment later, he asked quietly, 'Do you think they're going to be okay?'
There were too many types. Different brands, but with all sorts of descriptions. Some of them seemed to have a gauge made of tear drops, but it was not any sort of scale Steve recognised. Some of them were described as 'light' or 'heavy', and they were all different colours and he didn't know if that was significant.
'If the mother's meeting is quite finished,' an irritated voice called from the street; and the two of them immediately sprang apart. 'I've got a horse that needs shoeing sometime today.'
Unfortunately, soon after they arrived, a blizzard had blown in. Hours lately it had finally ceased, but when Steve had gone to the front door and hauled it open it was followed by a spill of snow slumping onto his feet.
Howard hadn't cared when Tony had told him, but Jarvis had been proud and even a little impressed. The school took boys aged 8 to 18, and as it was so small groups were decided on ability rather than age. Tony had joined the school aged 9, and been placed in science with a group that was mostly 11-13 year olds. Within a week he'd been put in the top set with the brightest of the graduating 18 year olds and a scattered handful of younger high-fliers, and after a few months he had been put into what they told his dad was 'self-study'. It basically meant that Tony alone of all the boys in the school was allowed to use the lab unsupervised and for his own research. It was his favourite place on earth. He was never allowed to use the lab at home, but here he had free reign. He had Meredith to thank for that, too.
Yet, there was something else, too. Steve always felt like he was dealing with two sides to Stark, almost two different people. How could someone who killed without mercy for petty misdemeanours be so gentle, kind and patient with Peter? Save him without being asked, and then seem to expect sexual favours in return?
put on the side on Christmas Eve. After the joke was done, he was planning to auction it off and donate the money to a charity of Steve's choice, but Cap didn't need to know that, at least, not right away. The bottom line was, a little tongue-in-cheek ditty about the consumerist nature of the holiday shouldn't have bothered him so much.
The next day, Steve was in the store watering the plants and trying not to think about lily guy, and whether he would come back, and who the funeral was for, when lily guy himself burst in, just as suddenly and dramatically as before.
'No need to push, officer,' he said. 'He's going willingly. I'm Mr Stark's Shield liaison, I'll be accompanying you while you take him in.'
‘I bet he is,’ Steve said, sinking into a chair. He suddenly felt exhausted. ‘Look, it was nothing. Peter… Peter wanted to meet Iron Man. Stark agreed to come on the condition I had dinner with him. That was all there was to it. We haven’t had any contact with him since.’
'Did you do this?' He asked, somewhat irrationally, but somehow this place summed up exactly how Barnaby, this beautiful stranger Steve had somehow known all his life, made him feel. Only Barnaby shook his head.
Steve nodded, pulled it out of his pocket, and obediently took a few deep intakes from it. Then he went right back to Tony.
? Tony briefly bounced up and down impatiently on the balls of his feet, but stopped when his aching muscles protested. He wished he could take the hoodie off, but he didn't want to risk it. He really couldn't deal with people right now. It was cooler in here, but his head was still spinning. He was starting to wish he had gone to bed first instead. He wondered if Ron would have changed the sheets for him, then wondered how he had never bothered to wonder how he had fresh sheets every two days.
That was a difficult question and not one Steve wanted to answer. Not one he was even sure he could answer. But if he was going to save Peter, he needed to understand all the variables, and that included finding out exactly what Stark's 'flight suit' was.
Tony looked at the bowed neck in front of him, one thin sliver of skin showing between the cowl and the collar of the uniform. It was thin, but not so thin a tendril of his flight suit couldn't reach out, wrap around it and pull back, pull back until even that big strong neck snapped, squeeze and twist the life away -
On the morning of the third day, they were sitting at the table eating said pancakes, and Tony was trying to mentally map out the limits of Peter's powers – he could stick to stuff and clearly had some sort of super strength. Tony was less sure about Peter's insistence that he now had super speed or 'the power to jump really far' – when Jarvis announced Director Fury was coming to see them.
'An open mind? Tony, what?' But it was too late for the question. Tony had already fled off in the direction of the forge at the back of the house, forgetting, again, to get properly dressed.
Some part of him, some part that hadn't been totally overwhelmed by Venom, must have known it was wrong to turn Jarvis' personality off in the first place, because he hadn't deleted it or removed it altogether. It was still there, just waiting to be turned back on. Tony did so. Silence reigned.
'And to the families of those that Venom, Iron Man, that I hurt or killed, often on little to no pretext: they deserved better, and so do you. My apologies are meaningless, they aren't going to undo anything, but... what I, what Iron Man did, was not justice. It wasn't fair or right, and I know nothing I can do will make that better. I just hope that my, uh, momentary arrest will offer some small comfort.'
'Thor, buddy,' Tony said, one hour and six double pages of the ledger later, 'We have got to introduce you to Pinterest.'
It wasn't like he'd never lost anyone before. Grief ran through each of his lives like the spreading stain of black ink. Gail.
'Yummy yummy yoghurt,' he half-sang, coaxingly. 'Actually it's kind of gross but you won't care so long as I keep singing it.'
And he stabbed him, one of the tentacles boring like a drill right through him, then coming back out with a sickening squelch. Blood and viscera fell to the floor. Osborn fell with it.
So Steve did, gently but factually, a soldier giving a report. How Tony had killed Osborn, attacked Shield, trashed the city to lure Steve here, and how they had eventually gotten Venom off him. Tony closed his eyes, trying to fight off the nausea, trying to ignore the prickling of his arms, objecting to being exposed to air for the first time in years.
Tony agreed, because he recognised those 'stings' for what they were; blasts of electrokinetic energy that would be perfect to power the suit, lying in pieces on the other side of what now seemed to be a very flimsy wooden door. Venom had only needed a host to break out, and Tony, it turned out, had only needed Venom.
But something was wrong, Steve could tell. Tony kept glancing at where Peter tossed and turned in the bed, and seemed to doubt himself as the hours wore on. Eventually Steve realised that Stark wasn't sure it had worked; that, or he had not expected Peter to be in so much pain. In the end, Stark left. Steve was left alone to sit and to wait, hoping that this would work.
'Wife sent you out, has she?' A wonderfully male voice asked. 'Mine usually gives me the box of the last lot she had, tells me to match them up.'
Bewildered, Steve checked his coat pockets. They were deep and as he dug into them he discovered the paper shoved into the bottom that he had assumed was a receipt when his fingers brushed over it earlier was in fact a small bag. He pulled it out and opened it to find it was in fact full of sugar cubes. He felt his jaw drop open slightly.
'Our dads,' Tony said, softly, 'Won't be in charge forever.' A look of pure hatred passed over Osborn's face, an expression Tony knew was mirrored on his own. They understood each other perfectly. Osborn yanked the papers out of Tony's hands and was about to tear them apart when a fierce Irish voice interrupted them.
Steve's mouth suddenly dried out. Peter was right. This couldn't just be a matter of killing a monster or saving civilians. Stark had saved his son, and now that thing had taken him over. They had to get him back. He nodded, but just as he did so the monster let out a terrible, keening scream. Whatever Shield had just hit it with had finally had an impact, but it wasn't enough. There was an electric-like crackle and several agents dropped, hit with, Steve suspected, the same 'sting' that had once been used on Peter. The monster barrelled through them, looking back at Steve still standing by the doors to the mansion.
Steve stood up, scattering the sticks of charcoal and looking thoroughly panicked. 'Oh, oh no, I'm so sorry Tony, just give me two minutes, maybe we can still make it-'
Steve was on the point of blacking out. He'd dropped the shield and was tugging at the tentacle with his bare hands, trying to pull it off, when the music started, so loud he flinched at the sound of it.
'You're the best, you're the best, you're the best!' Peter practically leapt back into his arms, headbutting him affectionately in what seemed to be an attempt to hug as much of Steve as he could in the shortest possible time. Steve held him close. It was worth it. Whatever happened on this dinner, however nuts or bad Stark was, it was worth it for this.
you,' Tony said, angrily, slamming the bowl down onto the side table. 'I told you if you were hurt – if you died -' He took a deep, shuddering breath, eyes filling with tears. He looked terrible, pale and exhausted. The blue ribbon on his jacket was brand new.
Three days later, Fury finally cleared him. Steve was free to live the life he chose. If he had wanted to, he could have left Shield altogether. He'd been seriously tempted. But he hadn't know what to do instead, and Richard and Mary were his friends, and so he agreed to stay on. He would be re-trained, to make sure he was up-to-date with current procedures, and then he would be going out on active missions again. Not leading them though, not yet. Steve wasn't sure he ever wanted to do that again, not after Bucky. Richard told him to give it time.
be, I just...' he took a deep breath. He was making a mess of this. 'But I saw plenty of worlds where I didn't have you, where I had lost you, and they were all terrible. So I'm not there yet, Tony, but that doesn't mean I'm not in this for the long haul. I'll get there. And I won't give up until I am.'
'I'm sorry, it's just this bird, it keeps trying to go back there, I think the other one must be it's mate or something, I'm just trying to get it far enough away!'
Steve jumped and stared at him, only just catching hold of the railing again. 'That's the Stark Industries building,' he said. 'We're on top of Stark Industries.'
This chapter was mostly written in pieces on trains and has not been proof-read, so please excuse any typos or clumsy phrasing >.< It would be a delay of several weeks if I waited to edit, so hopefully you can forgive me!
Steve looked over at Tony, who was sitting on the old rocker he'd produced on Steve's fiftieth birthday –
He had lost track of exactly how long he had gone without food, sleep or water, but even if it had been a few days it had been well within his limits. The difficulty came, he knew, from the emotional toll. Peter had been dying, slowly slipping away, and Steve had thought nothing could be worse. Then, two days later, Stark had shown up and injected Peter with who-knew-what, and Peter's lungs had filled for the first time since the day he was born.
There was a member of store staff coming up the aisle with a trolley full of empty packaging from where they had restocked the deodorants, and Steve realised he was going to have to ask them. Even if they were going to want to know what he, a
Despite himself, Steve couldn't help but take a sharp intake of breath. With that, he passed out and the world went black.
'Make a Wish already drew up a confidentiality agreement,' Steve said quickly. 'No cameras, no publicity, no social media, no authorities-'
She was only young, probably about his age, with thick and vibrant red hair that Steve had caught himself staring at, mentally working out the composition of the paint he would have to mix to try and capture it. The first impression he'd gotten, though, when she told him to sit down and wait, was that she was older. A hostile if professional manner and a well-tailored outfit could do that to a person.
'No,' Peter said, taking the cup and drinking from it. He didn't spill any, either. He wasn't a baby. 'Who are you?'
'Steve, I...' he wanted to tell him he didn't know how to get home, that if Steve left him he'd end up as a vagrant forever, but he couldn't. He'd already surrendered most of his dignity. Steve already thought he was some beardy, smelly mess. He couldn't make things any worse.
'And what do you think my dad is going to do to me?!' Tony demanded. 'They're expelling me! Caltech won't take me! You have to tell them!'
'And this is why you're on the couch,' Steve said, smiling gently. 'Closer proximity when you wake up and that happens.'
'I left him there. I didn't know who he was and I just left him there! Of all the stupid - All my analysis, the material, it's all still out in the lab-!'
. Tony's own breath started to catch at the thought. And Steve had reacted like it was perfectly ordinary, the only change in his face was a slight, thoughtful crease between his eyebrows. Was that how people actually lived their lives?
'If it helps,' Steve added, looking at the glinting jewellery on Tony's finger. 'I really did buy you that ring.'
It hadn't taken them long to get to Barnaby's office building, which turned out to be just a few blocks from the diner, in the business district in the heart of town. The building was dark when they got there, tall and shadowy, but Barnaby manage to unlock it and get them in. They had made their way through the wide lobby, shoes echoing on the immaculate marble floor, Barnaby taking Steve's hand to guide him through the gloom, holding it, holding it, holding it as they got into the lift and he punched in the request for the top floor. The doors had opened into what looked like a cafeteria space, in a kind of glass conservatory, but Barnaby was still holding his hand and had led Steve right through and out of some sliding French doors. He had released Steve only then, leaving Steve to step forward alone and look around.
Tony wished he hadn't asked, and closed his eyes again, taking a deep breath. His guilt wouldn't bring back the dead.
Steve suddenly snorted in amusement. 'That's what gets your sympathy? Not my dying four year old godson, no, the fact I can't get drunk?'
'Alright,' Steve said cautiously, and went inside. While he waited, Tony looked around him again. Nope, still no idea where he was in relation to home. He felt his throat close and coughed, trying to clear it. He was still coughing when Steve returned and thrust the drink into his hands.
'Yeah?' Stark asked, firing off his repulsors even as he did. 'You want to keep me around forever, Cap?'
Steve clasped his hands in his lap and stared at them, as if he needed to see his interlocked fingers to remind himself how to hold things together.
Even Tony wasn't able to process this. On the one hand, it wasn't prison. On the other hand, Shield could do much worse to him. Clearly they had made the Venom intel public for this purpose. He glanced up into the gallery, looking for Steve, but it didn't give him any answers. From the mixed expression on Steve's face, Tony guessed his reaction was much the same as his own.
'You are not authorised to enter,' the voice repeated in exactly the same tone as before. 'Please step away before further action is taken.'
‘Oh,’ Steve said, turning the head on the hose to switch it off and to try and cover his confusion. ‘Well, you should have been more specific.’
Steve set down the plate of food, but before he could get the coffee down safely the track changed. It seemed to startle him, because he jolted violently at the sound, and the next thing Tony knew Clint's new hearing aids were swimming and sparking in a pool of his best Malabar Coast brew. Tony stared at them. He'd been so close to building in an automatic fail safe to switch them off in the event of a large explosion, protecting Clint's hearing from getting any worse, while still allowing communication in what could easily be an emergency situation. But with the circuitry exposed, some of the solder not even set, there would be no chance of recovering it from it's caffeinated grave.
'I gave him twenty-five thousand dollars to forget,' Howard said. 'To be paid to his mother in a year's time. We arranged it all; she'd be contacted by a solicitor to say a long-lost relative had died and she was inheriting the money. It's not a fortune, but to him it was obviously enough.' He shrugged his shoulders. 'You see, Tony? This is why I don't want you getting yourself into these messes. He didn't care about you, he was just attracted to your money. I guarantee if it had gone on another few weeks he would have been threatening to go to the press with your little secret unless you paid him off.'
'Steve,' Tony said, eventually, and opened his hand to show Steve his find. As comprehension dawned, all colour drained from Steve's face. His expression was one of absolute horror. He said nothing, just buried his face in his hands.
After an hour of anxiously watching Peter and seeing no improvement, Steve had insisted on getting a doctor. He would have fought Stark if necessary, but the man let him go. Steve wasn't sure how they were going to explain what had happened to make Peter react like this, but the doctor didn't even ask. She looked at Peter's notes long enough to see he was terminal, went through the usual platitudes about making him 'comfortable', and hooked Peter up to a painkiller. Peter had finally subsided into a restless sleep, and Steve had the rest of the night to talk to Stark.
Natasha finally caught on. She rolled over and buried her face in a cushion, mortified. 'Oh, no, Steve, no, stop, just stop,' she groaned. 'You
'I... I was thinking. What about those experiments, in the 40s? The super soldier experiments. If we could get something like the serum then-'
That was as far as recording-Steve got, because present day Steve had come and turned the sound system off, forcibly. So forcibly, in fact, that there was now a Steve-fist shaped hole in the top of it.
'Not yet,' Steve muttered. Peggy didn't have the heart to ask what on Earth he meant. Steve took a few more deep, juddering breaths, wiped his eyes with his hands, and got up.
But he couldn't help it. Every time he made a bigger and better weapon, he would try to focus on the technological miracles he was working, that America could sleep safer, that he was richer, that the jobs of his employees were safer. But always, always, in the back of his mind he would note that Oscorp had been pushed a little further out of the market.
Sorry this took so long!! And it isn't proof read again >.< It's because a) life has been crazy, b) my laptop died and c) I continue to not be able to write fight scenes. I did my best with this, please enjoy the last full chapter!
Only just remembering to excuse himself, Steve followed Ms Potts out into the hallway and hesitated at the bottom of the stairs. He wanted to run up them – he felt like he
Heart pounding, Tony found he had read the whole thing before he'd even had chance to think about what he was doing.
, he thought, sulkily. He was so hot by then that he thought he might actually die. Luckily, the bubble tea shop came into view just as he dragged himself round the next corner. For a second he was worried it was a mirage, brought on by heat exhaustion and dehydration, but no, the door was solid as he lent against it and stumbled through.
Steve eyed the fallen pillow. Tony had spent more on them than Steve cared to remember, and he couldn't help but feel they ought to be treated with a little more care.
'Always the hero,' it said, and Steve hated its voice, so like Tony's, and yet so twisted and changed. And in that moment of distraction, a tentacle sprang across the room, took him up by the throat, and slammed him into the wall.
'But you just promised to destroy it,' Steve said patiently, finishing the last of his drink and rinsing off the glass. 'You wouldn't break a promise, would you?'
'So which one is this, anyway?' Bucky asked, once they had left water and painkillers by the bed, ensured Tony wouldn't choke if he threw up, and departed. 'Your billionaire or that guy from the bar you've been pretending you aren't mooning after?'
'And you call me old-fashioned.' Steve got to his feet, decisively; a movement Tony had seen too many times to be fooled by. When Steve started taking firm action in a situation like this, it was usually just him trying to take back control of a circumstances he felt were beyond it.
Tony swallowed. Steve being bi wasn't news, but if Steve could compliment a woman and not him, his actual boyfriend, what did that mean? And if Steve
It was true Steve's injured arm and hand didn't work as well as it used to. Sometimes it was stiff and gave him a little pain; and anything involving fine motor skills was a challenge. His penmanship had gone straight to hell, and now he had to scrawl out block capitals with his left hand, forming all the letters in a backwards fashion, just to make it legible. The surgeon thought the infection had gotten into his bones, too, because it was liable to flare up again from time to time, leaving him weak and shaking for a day or two.
Tony leant back on the counter. The kitchen still smelled of mulled wine, sweet and spicy, and somehow created an atmosphere which made it hard to have a serious conversation; but Tony wouldn't let it stop him if Steve needed to talk, he couldn't. 'I'm guessing you're the one Barnes gave bad advice to.'
And Steve was here, getting ready for the funeral, for giving a eulogy where he would talk about his
and that it couldn't wait for something as silly as lunch, but the teacher seemed to read it in his expression, sighing and standing inside. Tony scurried in before he could change his mind.
In the end, there had been no choice at all, really. If this really was it for Peter, Steve wanted to have as much time with him as possible. At this point, he knew, it was about quality, not quantity. But he hated it. Every so often it would hit him again, and every time it was like the first time all over again. He couldn’t take it, so he shut it out, tried not to let himself think about it, tried not to notice how everyday it took Peter longer to wake up, how much less energy he had. At least he was happy. Steve had to hold onto that. He hadn’t made a mistake, he hadn’t.
? They were shooting string and confetti everywhere. At least the audience were watching them and not him as Steve stumbled from the stage, nearly tripping down the steps.
The messages were innocent enough, but if they were going to stay that way, why tell Peter it was a secret? Stark could have been sending him
‘Good, because he’s a dangerous man. But what we want to know is what you were doing with him to begin with.’
Tony wondered what exactly the goal was. To scare him into obedience? That seemed more likely than them pushing him into this cubbyhole and leaving him to die. They needed him to mend the suit. And yet, he couldn't get the kid's face out of his mind as he had opened the door. He had been terrified, they all had, that was why they had made their most-expendable member take the locks off. Yinsen had said there was a monster in here.
Oh god, let it all have been a dream. He’d never be able to live with himself if he’d erased his sweet daughter, his relationship with Pepper, the happy endings the
killed Tony was that Peter wasn’t being defiant or petulant – he was calm but resolved, confident in both his decision and his ability to enact it.
“Steve, Bruce, Nebula, Peter, and I take the quinjet, you, Rhodey, and Harley fly, and we all go kick Thanos’s ass. Thought that was clear,” Natasha said, adding a note of humor to her voice in an effort to lighten the mood. Tony smiled humorlessly back. This was going to be even worse than the first time around.
Steve stared at where their hands were intertwined as though mesmerized. “How?” he asked finally, dragging his eyes back up to meet Tony’s searchingly.
Unsurprisingly, Thor and Steve were two of the first two throw their hats in, followed quickly by Rhodey and Nebula.
loss was permanent. He wouldn’t snap his fingers and have the chance to her in another universe this time.
Tony smiled softly, thinking back to the spunky, snarky kid he’d met in a garage all those years ago – literally a different lifetime, for him. “His name’s Harley, and he’s my other protégé. Smart kid, reminded me a lot of me when I was his age.”
but had to concede that Peter was incredibly hard to resist when he got that whole puppy-dog-energy excitement thing going.
They turned as one, and Tony blasted one in the face, then another, knocking them back. He aimed two more repulsor blasts at the remaining two, but they dodged.
. “Steeeeeephen!” he called, dashing out of the bathroom to search for his errant husband. Stephen would protect him. He half-ran down the hall until he made it to the living room, where Stephen was doing his meditation stuff. Ugh. Tony didn’t know how anyone could sit still like that.
Tony gave an affronted gasp. “I notice you didn’t say anything about me not being wrinkly,” he accused, bopping her on the nose, and she scrunched up her nose cutely in response.
time he’d been given – but he hadn’t been sure what form the stones would give that wish. Now, he was marveling at his restored self, a body that he would swear was no older than his early 30s, accompanied by the innate knowledge that this body would age at the same rate as a super soldier’s, that he would not wither and die on Steve as he had before.
“I knew you were still alive,” he mumbled, and Tony could hear the last of the doubts that made that sentence a lie crumbling away. He tightened his hold on Peter, one hand coming up to rest in the kid’s hair.
Original!Tony came and fixed everything, and Tony and Stephen Strange ended up snarking around each other, then dating, then finally getting married. (I’m debating writing some of
wish – your wish was for us to help you protect everyone in the universe from Thanos. And so we have given you that ability, to right the wrongs Thanos is committing in our names.”
“So it looks like we’re in the master bedroom,” Tony said, throwing open the last door at the end of the hall. Steve followed him in, eyes raking over the oak dressers, the carved desk, the simple furniture, and the king-sized bed.
Steve visited more often, too, becoming somewhat of a fixture around the Tower. He’d been present often enough when Pepper was still around, but now it was almost as though he’d moved in, offering his help or company almost every time Tony turned around. Tony would have been offended, protested that he may be 78 but he was not an
“We gave your counterpart in the universe you just left the memories of everything from the last two years and imparted a brief explanation in his mind as to what happened – your sacrifice on your original timeline and your role in the other universes as a result. As you in all the timelines are familiar with the multiverse theory, it was not difficult to explain in a way you could make sense of,” Morgan reassured him.
The phone was sitting on the counter, just as Steve and Rhodey had said, and Tony picked it up, dialing the number he knew by heart and mentally blessing his foresight in memorizing it after the snap in a previous lifetime. As the phone started ringing, he had a moment of panic wondering if this Harley Keener’s number would be the same as
“I think it’ll be a good exercise in team bonding. And get you out of my ass for the next few days,” Fury said, glowering at them. Which, to be fair, was maaaybe
And then he was getting an armful of spiderchild. “Thank you, Mr. Stark,” Peter said fervently, pulling back and giving Tony a watery smile.
The smoky light this time was multicolored, yellows, reds, blues, purples, greens, and golds intertwined in a mesmerizing dance, thicker than the golden hue from before had ever been. And then it was clearing, slowly fading away, and Tony was standing not in the place he usually met Natasha nor the battlefield he’d just left – but rather in the ruins of the last battle he’d had in his previous life.
thank him, but they never liked anything he did so he ignored them), and Barnaby was hilarious, and passionate, and
He turned for the door and started hurrying away. He'd gone pale, far paler than Tony had ever seen him; and he had seen Steve facing down impossible odds.
'Consider it done,' Tony said, and from his pleased expression Steve was oddly certain that he had already planned and made the things. 'Anything for my Clementine on his birthday.'
And that was it. They shook hands again and Steve left, thinking that getting cleared to leave would be easier than he had thought.
'There was a hole in the garden!' Steve declared dramatically, opening his legs and letting Peter gently drop through them to the floor, making the little boy squeal in delight, laughing with a gurgle like a sink, before trying to pull himself up on Steve's knees to do it all over again. Steve laughed.
The words needed to be said. Stark looked downright furious. Steve could see the tendrils of the strange, almost-lifelike flightsuit beginning to roll up Stark's neck again, coming up above the line of his shirt.
'Well, I don't think that's up to you.' In a flash, Stark had ducked round him and stepped round in front of the pushchair, face-to-face with Peter. 'We're friends, right, P– Crap, Cap, the kid!'
'But my husband finally has a degree,' Tony sniffed theatrically. 'I no longer have to be ashamed of being married to a bimbo.'
'Yes, but it looked like-' Steve stopped, abruptly, when a nurse came through the doors. She smiled at them, and carried on walking. Steve's face had become a battle ground of horror and hope when he had seen her, he had sat up straighter, and then crumpled again when he realised she didn't have news, his face turning blank and lifeless.
Tony definitely did not want to go in there, but he wasn't given a choice. He was shoved inside and the door slammed. He heard the grating and rattling as the defences were replaced.
Tony pulled up outside Steve's building at around 8.30, fearing for his life – or certainly for his car. This neighbourhood was not one he usually frequented. It was practically a
At least the contents of his locker were a distraction, almost like a time capsule of September to December, right before he got sick. Buried in the debris were movie tickets for films he didn't remember seeing, rubber vampire fangs from Halloween, a twist of shiny ribbon that had probably come off a Christmas present. He started scraping the rubbish out, screwing it into a ball.
'Except you have done quite enough for this family, James Barnes,' Sarah interrupted firmly. 'We're incredibly grateful, but I will find a way to support my own son-'
'Oh good.' Steve sighed and slung his shield onto his back. 'Always a good day when you fight the Skrulls.'
Somehow, that fact made Steve looked more confused than the idea that a plane had suddenly winked into existence and crashed into a city street. 'You mean a Zero? From the war? From Pearl Harbour?'
So Peter did, rolling back and forwards on the bed, and his dad even showed him how to tuck his head in better so it didn't hurt his neck and kept him going straight so he didn't fall off. It was the most fun Peter had had in
'Yay.' The Captain echoed, and Thor could wait no longer. He dashed over to the table and back, bringing the enormous ledger and setting it down with a satisfying thud between them before turning to the appropriate page.
'Cap, I'm not talking about that. We can focus on rescuing Peter, or you can keep pushing and see where it gets you.' Stark had stopped as he spoke, turned round to face him, and Steve didn't like the glint in his eye.
'He went into the mine,' Miss Maximoff said, her face white. 'He was looking to see if there was anything left. But he hasn't come back out. I went in as far as I could, but the shaft has collapsed and-'
Steve huffed in exasperation and decided that if Stark wasn't going to leave, he would. He grasped the handles of the buggy again, and turned to go. He was stopped by Stark's hand on his arm.
'If I had the armour,' Tony grumbled, but got no further, because stupidly he didn't have the armour and they all knew it.
‘Uh, am I interrupting?’ Tony asked, amused. ‘Were you looking at a dirty magazine, Steve?’ He hopped up to sit on the counter, the same way Bucky did whenever he came by. When Bucky did it, Steve always swatted him to get down, but he found he didn’t mind when Tony did it. Actually, he kind of liked it; and the familiarity it implied.
'Chocolate?' Steve repeated. He had never bought a girl chocolates in his life. Maybe he would have done for Peggy, had they been at home and not in a warzone, but buying them for Natasha felt almost intrusive, somehow, like he would be crossing a line or making assumptions.
With that, he left. Steve followed. It wasn't what he wanted, but he wasn't going to lose sleep over anyone who got between him and his little boy. And when he found Osborn, well, he might just finish him himself.
. Like an animal, fighting desperately to cling to life purely on instinct, without really knowing why. Tony had been alarmed by the cornered look in his eyes, and somehow knew that if they didn't help Bucky would seek to end his own life as soon as he regained the cognitive functions to think of it. A few brain scans and psychiatric tests back at the lab had confirmed that they had done a real number on the poor man's brain, and even though he had shared a body with the Winter Soldier, it had been Hydra in the driving seat.
'Well, one hint of bad behaviour and I'll haul you back here and put you in basic science to see how quickly a marble rolls down a chute with the kindergarteners.'
Something had happened, though, when he had met the Captain and Peter. There was a stirring of discontent from the suit that was now a part of him, because he was doing things a little differently to how he had in the past few years. Tony started to wonder, dimly, how many of his ideas were actually his; and why he had never wondered before.
'If you have something you need to do, it's okay,' Steve said, trying to ignore the despair welling up in him. He couldn't imagine anything much more miserable than having to lose Tony again straight after three weeks apart, at 9PM on Christmas Eve; but it came with the territory of being in a relationship with a man who was both a super hero and the owner of the largest corporation in the United States. Steve kept his eyes firmly fixed on the tree, trying not to let his disappointment show.
Steve laughed and finally seemed to relax just a tiny bit. The colour began to return to his knuckles.
He hadn't wanted to see Richard. In fact, he had simply not turned up to the first three appointments that were made for him, until Fury had told him that he would not sign off his clearance to leave the base until he was classed as fit by a Shield psychologist. At first Steve had thought, bitterly, that that would be just fine with him; he didn't want to go out in this strange world of the future, he wanted to go
The ceiling didn't tell him much. It was pretty low, and wood panelled, like in old museums. Over the back of the couch, he could see bookcases.
Steve could only be grateful that when the finger print had appeared on his skin when he was seventeen – four years later than average, of course, when he thought he had gotten away with it – it had come out on the back of his neck. If he wore collared shirts and let his hair get a little long and shaggy, he could just about cover it. Only about ten percent of the population got a mark like that, meaning there was another ten percent out there who were unblemished, wandering around not knowing that someone else was carrying their finger print on their skin, a mark that would respond and come alive only to their touch. Less than a quarter of people had anything to do with any of it, which meant your chances of finding your other half were infinitely small. These days, most people just thought the pairings were coincidence anyway. If you asked people, hardly anyone believed they were the sign of soulmates any more.
He didn't know at the time how true it was. Just over a week later, she would introduce him to her friends, including Steve Rogers; a road which would lead Tony steadily to the best and worst days of his life.
He didn't know what to get. Natasha needed the help but he had no idea what to get her. This was feeling a bit overwhelming.
The process of Charity Marriage is a formal one, following several set steps, and is almost always initiated by the parents.
Steve went into Peter’s room, shutting the door firmly behind him. Peter was half-collapsed on the bed, wearing only a t-shirt, panting with effort. Steve hurried over, getting him sitting upright again, reaching for the mask attached to the tank. They were using it more and more often lately, and Peter didn’t even protest any more.
Steve could feel the eyes boring into him, but didn't have the guts to turn round. He knew it was Stark watching him from the end of the hall, without quite knowing how he knew it. He carried on rummaging in his locker, trying to look busy.
Tony stopped. He hadn't actually expected an answer, and certainly not an answer like that, but he recovered quickly.
Some of his panic must have shown in his voice because Peter looked startled. Then he slowly pulled the phone Stark had given him out of his pocket.
Well, he had enough experience. He had kept the ledger ever since he was a child, planning the hypothetical wedding of everyone he knew, in every possible combination. It had somewhat bewildered his parents, but as he, unlike his brother, could not be kept quiet and still with any other kind of bookish activity, he had been encouraged in the pursuit. Eventually Odin had realised Thor was also the god of weddings, which explained everything, and definitely wasn't a made up title to legitimise his embarrassing fixation like Loki always said it was. In any case, when he had met the Avengers, they too had been added to the book in every combination. It had been fun, learning about Midgardian wedding traditions, and there were so many magazines from which he could cut pictures that would best represent his vision for the occasion. When he had come to think of Stark and the Captain, the ideas had flown easily to his brain and on into the book, even though they had not yet been courting at this time. Thor liked to think that meant he had predicted the relationship. It did not.
His concern might not have been necessary. He couldn't see any signs of breath. The only movement was the churning of the black tar that covered him.
'I found a programme for the gala in my dad's stuff and the song was listed,' he explained. 'Then I've had the poor little interns up all night checking all his records and recordings for any fragments. They finally found it half taped over on the b-side of a Feynman lecture.'
‘Okay!’ Peter nodded, and went back to his room. He obviously would have run if he could, but his breath was failing him. Steve looked after him, worried, but knew he had to speak to Stark. The moment Peter’s bedroom door shut he turned angrily to him.
Peter was right. It was Steve's business, and he shouldn't listen to it. Except that they needed to know what they were dealing with, didn't they? And it really was everywhere. Sooner or later he'd hear it whether he wanted to or not.
'Are you taking it?' Steve asked. He kept rubbing her back. She tried to match her breathing to his rhythm, trying not to let it catch and stumble on the memories of Afghanistan.
'I'm here,' Steve said. 'You've got what you wanted. So how about you drop Stark and we get this sorted out?'
Of course Steve wasn't sure. It wasn't exactly how he imagined his life would be. But he couldn't just sit still watching his mom waste away from stress any more either, working doubles and triples, scratching around for every spare cent. She had done so much just to keep him alive. Now it was up to him to let her start living again.
'This,' Stark said, and his voice was no longer his own, an impossibly long, red tongue lolling out from between large, jagged jaws, 'Is going to be fun.'
'How about some music?' he said, leaning over and casually flipping the stereo on. They were immediately assaulted with a blare of brass instruments, half way through a note. It was unfortunate that the start of the song was cut off, and the sound quality was awful and crackled, but given the way Steve froze with his hand on the fridge door he had recognised it immediately.
Tony turned on his heel to start running again only for Steve to snag the back of his sweatshirt and drop a
“Me, too,” Tony had answered honestly, and she let out a wet laugh, pressing a kiss to his forehead.
“Best not to ask,” he said sagely, walking faster to the last door. Which, of course, would be the very room he did
An arrow whizzed through the air, burying itself in the rafters, and the team was on its feet in seconds. The lights flicked on, and the group stared up to see Hawkeye perched on the second story balcony, bow in one hand and a cord in the other. No, not a cord, those were
“Dibs!” he called, then the two spies dashed off down the hall. Or, well, Clint dashed. Tony didn’t think Natasha could do something as undignified as dashing if her life depended on it. No, no, she
Tony grinned wryly. “Welcome to the world of the rest of us flawed individuals, Cap. If it helps, I’m pretty sure you’re the best of us.”
From his periphery, Tony could see Steve turn towards him expectantly, and he gritted his teeth, keeping his eyes trained very carefully forward. Natasha, bless her, seemed to know better than to look to him, because her eyes were trained on Rocket.
“I wanna call a time out!” Tony finally cried through his giggles, soaked to the bones and shivering.
“Okay, everybody, go crazy. Take out whatever you can and call for backup if you need it,” Natasha ordered over the coms. “Tony – stay away from Thanos.”
“Oh you mean the scary blue lady and the human lantern? Scary blue lady slept on her ship and human lantern is probably in the room with us right now but completely invisible or like chameleon-ing it up against the walls or some shit. Do you even know what all her powers are, man?” Rhodey asked, and Tony snorted.
“Selfish?” Tony asked, puzzled. The stones smiled at him, wearing identical expressions of fondness and amusement.
“We aren’t sure. He’s gathering his forces right now, but his army hasn’t mobilized in any specific direction – they’re just sitting dead in the air, waiting. We think he’s trying to gather as many of his troops as possible, then he’ll transport them using the Space stone.”
“That’s what you think, Tin Man,” Rhodey said weakly, and Tony’s head whipped back around in time to see Rhodey’s helmet retract, the man smiling woozily at him. Tony couldn’t help the broad grin he gave in return.
And Tony’s heart broke. “Never, baby. I could never leave my baby girl by herself,” he whispered fervently. And Morgan drew back, her lip trembling and eyes teary.
And then Tony was standing in the most ridiculous-looking Little Bo Peep-style dress. He looked down at himself, then up at Stephen, mouth open in outrage – when an ominously loud
He waited, glaring between the three of them, daring any one of them to answer. When they didn’t, he snorted derisively. “That’s right, you dismissed me. You said I was just suffering from PTSD and an overactive imagination and should just shut the fuck up. You made me into a Cassandra. Well guess what – Troy has fallen, and you lot keeping your fucking heads in the sand while
“I guess they got your dramatic gene,” Steve said, grinning up at him, and Tony flopped back down onto the bed with a groan, letting Steve slip an arm around his shoulders and tug him closer.
. “Yeah, well, I wouldn’t be doing my civic duty if I didn’t slow down long enough to help an old man cross the road,” he joked weakly, and Steve snorted, the moment broken.
“Without us having to put up with weeks of you assholes being dickish and mopey,” Harley finishes cheerfully. Tony was seriously reconsidering his decision not to go on this mission; it might save him from two murder charges.
Clint was cut off by a savage elbow to the side from Natasha as Tony looked at him in confusion. But before Tony could ask, Natasha said calmly, “Breakfast is ready in the kitchen. If you want any, I’d suggest getting there before Thor.”
for his own good. Rhodey had been his singular friend in college, and then Tony had entered the business world, where friendship was a liability. Pepper and Happy were his friends, now, but they’d never really formed a
Well, it looked like his hideout had been found. Of course, considering said hideout was his bedroom and he was currently sitting on his bed reading, he’d expected it would be.
Later, he wouldn’t be able to say exactly what happened or even how long he and Thanos were paused; it felt like an eon to him, but he was certain it must have been mere milliseconds to the rest of the team. When Tony’s hand touched the gauntlet, it felt as though an arc of energy raced up his arm, jolting him – but not painfully, more like he was an energizer bunny being charged to full capacity, invigorating and fulfilling. Thanos, on the other hand, let out a cry of pain, falling to his knees. Mind clearer than it had been since the tugging sensation had started, Tony saw the opportunity for what it was. Putting both hands on the gauntlet, he steeled himself and
Tony smiled at him, that same sad smile that he’d given earlier, the same one Natasha’d had in his dreams that made so much sense now. “I love you, Steve. I’m sorry I didn’t tell you earlier, and I’m sorry we didn’t get more time together.”
“Sure thing, Cap. Now, I’m looking for that mysterious shared phone – you wouldn’t happen to know where it is, would you?” Tony asked, glancing past Steve to the kitchen doorway behind him. Steve obligingly stepped aside.
“Hopefully that won’t happen while we’re on vacation, Thor, but yeah, we could all do with some rest,” Steve said with a slight smile. And like it was a well-rehearsed cue, they all stood, chattering as they put out the fire, packed up the s’mores materials, and made their way indoors.
“ – ony? Tony, you okay?” Rhodey calling his name brought his mind back to the present, and he smiled at his now-concerned-looking friend.
“Tony, what’re you doing?” Rhodey asked, eyes wide and panicked. Tony shook his head, hoping to dispel his friend’s concern as best he could.
Tony wasn’t sure what to do with that particular revelation. On the one hand, once again he hadn’t found out until Steve had his bestest buddy back. But on the other, at least Steve had told him at all? It was much better than him finding out in a bunker in Siberia. But regardless, one thing hadn’t changed: after years of dismissing his concerns and his warnings, Steve
“And we don’t mean the kind of work it out where you guys act like you’re cool but are secretly pissed. You have to actually make up for FRIDAY to let you out,” Harley warned. “Good niiiiiiight!”
“We are sorry, we assumed you understood that we would resolve any issues your traipse through the multiverse might cause. We have chosen you for your wish, and, as such, it is our prerogative to protect you and honor your sacrifice,” Peter said apologetically.
person, Tony wouldn’t have blamed her. Hell, he’d have probably been staring right alongside her – because he looked
“He’s not kidding.” Peter and Tony’s heads snapped toward the living room door where Rhodey was entering with a smirk, sauntering over to them and plopping down in a chair across from them. “Once he gets his tentacles in you, you’ll never be able to get him off.”
Natasha only eyed him, slightly exasperatedly. “Steve, think about it. We just talked about not knowing what Thanos is up to
Steve stared at him, frozen for a moment, before he seemed to come back to himself and walked towards Tony, reaching out a hand as if to touch him, to confirm that Tony was real and not just a figment of his imagination. But that hand hesitated in midair, as though afraid of having his hopes dashed, and Tony’s smile softened as he reached out winding his fingers through Steve’s outstretched ones and pulling him closer so their arms could lower.
“Please, you know I’ll be getting the shovel talk from Rhodes. And probably Peter and Harley, once they get over their squeamishness at seeing their dad so thoroughly
“Hey, I’m pretty sure the world won’t end just because my mini-me and I are together for an extended period of time! Like, 88% sure,” Tony declared, and Steve looked unimpressed.
“You’re insufferable. Go back to space,” Rhodey grumbled as the coffeemaker beeped and Tony stood, laughing, to get his much-needed caffeine.
He stood up quickly, which had the added bonus of knocking Tony on his ass as Tony called after him, “I’ll have you know that means it’s
Also: yes, I realize Valkyrie’s name is Brunnhilde. Yes, I’m still calling her Valkyrie. It sounds cooler aaaaand also I’d typed Valkyrie a few times before I remembered and was too lazy to go back and change them.
“Good, I’m glad she’s getting rest,” he said, meaning it. He stumbled over to the coffeemaker, the morning haze starting to settle in now that he didn’t have his excitement to hold it at bay.
“I’ll say. She looks like she could kill a man without even looking at him,” Rhodey declared, awe and…
Update: bless DissapearingandLazyWriter for finding the original post!!! Here's the link, all creds to taylortut, spider-man-stan, and bluesocksandfluff on tumblr for their amazing ideas!!!!: https://bluesocksandfluff.tumblr.com/post/174457570815/taylortut-spider-man-stan-taylortut
“Mr. Stark, we won,” Peter said desperately, his voice coming from further and further away. “We won, Mr. Stark. Please – please don’t go. I’m sorry.” And Tony wanted to respond so badly, but his head was swimming, his vision darkening, and he couldn’t – he couldn’t –
. And you’re just not gonna go? You’re just gonna let us risk failing our mission because, what, you’re just
. But nights like this, it feels like nothing’s changed at all except for the people I’m sharing it with.”
When they made it to the living room, Tony was surprised to see the other Avengers already gathered, various expressions of horror, dismay, and fear spread around the room as they stood, staring at the TV. Tony, Steve, and Natasha fell into line, and Tony got his first glimpse of what they were all looking at.
have represented – learning to accept and appreciate every part of yourself after having previously attempted suicide on Bruce’s part and living with depression on Thor’s – could have been some great representation for the mental health community, but I felt like the movie made a joke out of those characters. I haven’t given Thor and Bruce enough time in this fic to fix that, and I don’t want to run the risk of contributing to what I think is problematic, so this fic’s Thor and Bruce are as they were at the end of Ragnarok/beginning of Endgame. I might explore those characters in a separate fic in the future, but for now, this seemed like the best solution. Sorry if that’s disappointing to anyone!
“If there’s something I can help with, I’m happy to,” Stephen responded, sounding cautiously confused. He and Morgan had a solid relationship, but Tony and Stephen hadn’t gotten together until Morgan was in her mid-teens, so Stephen was more like an uncle to her than a father figure; she’d never really asked anything serious of him, so it was unusual for her to take this sort of tone in their conversation.
“You know me?” Tony asked as he had before, almost on autopilot. He was feeling the strangest tugging sensation in his gut, as though Thanos was somehow trying to reel him in like a fish on a hook. He planted his feet stubbornly, unwilling to move any closer.
“What the fuck?” he grumbled out, his voice still laden with sleep. When his eyes finally focused, it was to the sight of two wide-eyed teenagers who’d come to a halt in the doorway, identical expression of horror and mortification on their faces. Harley slapped a hand over Peter’s eyes, then squeezed his own shut tight.
“What’s next, are you going to start complimenting her combat technique? Her ability to blow up entire ships with her sparkle fingers? I need to know so I can tell how serious this has gotten. Once you start commenting on her sparkle fingers, I’m breaking out the wedding invitations,” Tony told him, and he didn’t bother to try to dodge when Rhodey punched him on the arm, snickering and his friend’s expression.
“Oh, are we sharing a bed?” Steve asked casually, with none of the horror and pearl-clutching that Tony had expected, striding across the room and tossing his duffel bag on one side of the bed. Tony took a second to pick his jaw up off the floor, affect a disaffected demeanor, and saunter over.
“Of course I think of Nebula as one of my kids!” Tony said, voice perfectly affronted, as though any other idea would be ludicrous. “I adopted her on the Milano two years ago, and, as I told Petey back then, once I’ve claimed you as my own, I don’t let go. She’s
The gauntlet slid off easily, so easily Tony stumbled back a few steps, nearly ending up on his ass. And then he was holding it, staring at it in awe, a strange sensation settling in his chest – a feeling of rightness, of being steady when he hadn’t even realized he was adrift.
“What the hell was what?” Tony asked flippantly, feigning ignorance, and Steve’s face was stormy as he marched further into the room.
“What am I getting blamed for?” Stephen whirled into their kitchen in all his fluttery-caped-glory, and Tony’s heart fluttered at the sight as he leapt up, crossing the kitchen in a few strides to stand on his tiptoes (he was
“Oh, and you might wanna approach the subject with Thor delicately. Big guy’s going through a rough time right now.”
“They weren’t? Well that’s a damn shame, I like my boys as big as I can get ‘em. 10 inches is the minimum.”
“You do not die,” Harley repeated. “Because you are the Tony who made the wish, you must be the Tony who fixes the timelines – but once you leave, the Tony who was originally present resumes his place.”
But there was no talking them out of it. He didn’t technically have the right to keep Peter out, and Harley was too stubborn to be left behind.
And that drew a watery chuckle out of Morgan, the tears slowing and starting to dry up. “I miss her,” she finally said quietly, and Tony pulled her close.
“Tony Stark. At last,” Thanos intoned, the smile on his face made entirely creepy by the emptiness in his eyes. Steve and Rhodey drew closer, flanking him on either side, none of them taking so much as a step forward, allowing a rubble-strewn expanse to stretch between them and Thanos.
It was enough to give him a headache, and he was equal parts relieved and apprehensive when the Milano touched down outside the Compound. He wanted to know once and for all if the memories he thought were real had been a dream – or if they were part of a past that he’d erased when he used the gauntlet.
“Yeah, I’m with Harley,” Peter said, crossing his, too, both of them trying to stare Tony down. Well. Three could play this game.
“It’s fine. Lots of people lost someone,” he said, trying to keep his tone flippant and probably not succeeding if Steve’s expression was anything to go by.
a cuddler. That’s slander, and I will not have that kind of lie being spread about me.” He pointed a warning finger at Steve accusatorily. Steve had pushed himself up so he was sitting, grinning with an amused fondness.
, it so is! This is hilarious! Best thing that’s ever happened to me. Hold on, I’m gonna go get my camera!” Morgan exclaimed, eyes flashing brightly as she darted away.
Yeah, Tony hated Fury right now. Because sharing a bed with his childhood-crush-turned-reluctant-attraction-turned-full-blown-crush was one of his worse ideas, and it wasn’t even
“Cap! Language!” he scolded, giving his boyfriend (partner? Significant other? Ugh) a shit-eating smirk. Steve tilted his head back, and Tony heard him counting very slowly to ten, and he snickered.
, like it was something he had experienced, or something he was experiencing right then, or something he was going to experience, except that didn’t make sense because April 26th, 2019 had already passed and his Morgan was right here. But the dream had had the same feel as the one with Natasha – a dream, certainly, but a dream that was also something more. It made him think back to Natasha’s words – what questions should he ask about this dream, then, that were the right questions? How should he be looking at it if he wanted to see it?
, as evidenced by the screaming civilians running through the streets, some pinned under rubble or cars, others trying to avoid the weapons wielded by the perpetrators.
Everything in Tony rebelled at the thought. All he wanted to do was scoop up his little girl and hold her close, reassure himself that she was real and here, reassure
“Yeah, no thanks, Squidward,” Tony called back glibly, cutting the repulsors to his boots so that he was standing a few feet away from the alien, mentally signaling FRIDAY to fire up the cannons he’d used the first time around. They hummed, warm and at the ready.
“Will do, Nat,” Carol said, voice subdued. “Please be careful.” Then she was gone, too. Natasha turned to face the rest of the Avengers.
The purple grape was the last to go, and with him went the last of Tony’s stamina. He crumpled as the stones’ energy consumed him, feeling his insides begin to blacken and curl up as the stones tried to integrate with his poor battered, broken mortal body.
“I’ve told you before, little Boss, everything you do in the suit gets recorded,” FRIDAY responded from Harley’s suit, her voice slightly exasperated. Harley grinned.
,” Tony called back, voice dripping with innuendo, and the team groaned as Steve tugged him closer, laughing and pressing a kiss to his cheek to the retches of their teammates.
Tony had barely had a moment to explore this newfound knowledge when the door was swinging open, Morgan sweeping into the room with a tray. “Dad, I brought – ,” Coming to a sudden halt, she stopped and stared at him, wide-eyed. “ – breakfast,” she finished. She stared at him, and he stayed silent, giving her a chance to take him in. Carefully, wordlessly, she sat the tray down on a dresser, then came to sit on the bed.
“Stop, Jesus, for the love of Christ!” Rhodey screeched, clapping his hands over his ears and squeezing his eyes shut. Tony snickered, pouring coffee into his mug and stirring in a fuck ton of sugar. He opened his mouth to comment, when –
“Petey?” he called out tentatively, and Harley let go of him, pulling back ever-so-slightly to look at his brother. Peter shook his head, silent, and Tony fought down the urge to just immediately start shouting out apologies, giving Peter a moment to process.
The footsteps that padded his way were much calmer than he’d have liked, and he heard her before he saw her. “You
Tony hit the ground hard but pushed himself to his feet quickly, readying his repulsors but knowing he wouldn’t be up fast enough and preparing himself to take another hit – only for Maw to suddenly go flying off his feet in a flash of blue light and crash into a building.
He was mulling it over for the umpteenth time over a late-night snack when Natasha burst into the kitchen. “Briefing room, now,” she said shortly, body taut and eyes wild. Without a word, Tony stood, following her out of the kitchen. Natasha almost never looked anything less than perfectly put together; for him to be able to see her distress, something terrible must have happened.
The stones exchanged a look. “Would you like to alter your wish? You can do that. We will not stop you,” Nebula said.
“Well, maybe they weren’t ready for so much…evidence,” he said, a tinge of mischief in his voice, and Tony narrowed his eyes at him before glancing down.
. But the realization that what happened on Titan for him and what happened on Titan in this world might be two different things tempered his words. “Who told you we fought? No, we didn’t fight Thanos. Thanos wiped the floor with us, got the rest of the stones, and left us in the dust.”
Tony just nodded wordlessly, taking a second to pull himself together before turning back to the group, who were looking at him with identical expressions of sympathy. “Right, so. The plan,” he prompted, his voice as pointedly even as possible. Blessedly, they didn’t push the point, didn’t offer empty reassurances.
expect to hear called to him, and before he could react a blur was racing toward him, slamming into him and knocking him out of Rhodey’s and Nebula’s grasp and onto the soft grass. He let out a pained grunt before he could hold it in, and immediately heard a squeak of distress. “I’m so sorry, Mr. Stark, I didn’t mean to hurt you, I’m just so happy to see you, I was so scared when you left on that alien spaceship, and we hadn’t heard from you since then, and then people started turning to dust, and it’s been
'Great, if that's all it is. But, you know, it's always been Thor and Dr Foster. It's kind of hard to picture him with anyone else.'
They made their way across the front entrance hall and out of the hole where the front door used to be, right into the middle of a ring of black-clad agents, each and every one of them pointing a gun at them. Steve tensed, then relaxed as he recognised the Shield uniform. They must have heard about Osborn, come to help.
It was ridiculous. She knew it was ridiculous. Every other element of her life, she'd gotten back on track. She'd completely rebranded and refocused her company and it was a bigger success than ever. The Iron Woman was a hero on a national and international scale. She'd helped found the Avengers, bring them together, and built a sweet tower for them all to live in. No-one could say that Natasha Stark had not survived and thrived since the kidnapping.
'Tony...' Steve said, stepping towards him, wishing the forge was closed off so he could cup his cheek, press his forehead against Tony's grime-streaked one, do something to ground him, remind him that he was here, and whole, and safe. But the forge was open to the street, so he contented himself with standing close, one hand gripped on Tony's elbow and the other, the bad one, doing what it could to squeeze his shoulder. This close, he could hear that Tony's breath was ragged. 'I had no idea you were this worried.'
Something was happening. Stark was wearing a buttoned shirt, open at the collar, his black flight suit just about visible beneath it. Except it wasn't just about visible any more. As Steve watched, the flight suit began to squirm, the hem stretching into thin, rubbery tentacles that were crawling up Stark's neck, as far as his chin. Steve sat up straighter.
Tony blinked at that. 'Well, so much for Mr Honesty. Well, look, I know now. Maybe... maybe we can fix this.'
'We call it Identity Fragmentation,' the Skrull said, obviously having decided to spoil it after all. 'I wonder, will you be able to keep hold of yourself when you're millions of different selves at the same time?'
Humiliating as it was, Steve didn't dare protest and opened his mouth obediently as Tony fed him another spoon full of lukewarm soup.
Home wasn't far, he knew that. But he looked up and down the street, desperately, and neither way seemed right to him. What if he went the wrong way and got more lost? He'd realised in the course of searching his pockets that he didn't have his phone either, and nobody would believe he was Tony Stark in this state. Was he going to have to sleep under a bridge tonight? What if he never remembered his way back, and just wandered further and further in the wrong direction? How long until someone realised he wasn't in the lab and came looking? How far would he be by then?
Steve rolled his eyes, but walked round the car, climbing into the passenger seat. He closed the door with a slam behind him. Clearly whatever breakthrough they'd had the day before was over now, because the Captain was showing no signs of gratitude and every sign of outright hostility. Time was, when Tony had still had chauffeurs, that he would have pulled him into the back seat and kissed and cuddled and applied alcohol so that by the time they reached the restaurant they would be best friends. But he didn't let anyone else drive for him anymore, so that would have to wait.
Suddenly, in the corner of the room, a harp began to play. Steve had seen it standing there when they had entered, and had half-hoped he would get to hear it in action. He turned to watch the harpist, but Tony had leapt to his feet the second the music started. The expression on his face was ugly, his eyes narrowed in anger. Steve glanced around the room; the waiting staff were either looking horrified or confused, and the maître de was hurrying over towards the musician. Whatever he was trying to do, however, it was too late.
'We don't have time for this! Peter could be...' He trailed off, unable to finish. 'We need to get in there!'
' He giggled wheezily, and Steve suddenly realised that Osborn was insane.'I just wanted to see how it was done, how you'd done it. It was
'Okay, maybe that's enough wine,' Steve said, going to take the glasses. He was probably right, but the phrase reminded Tony of an anecdote, which made him laugh again, and then he had to explain about the time at MIT when he had been trying to impress a girl by 'dyeing' the carpet of his room with red wine. The worst part was he had been almost entirely sober as he poured out bottle after bottle, complaining about how the wine didn't seem to obey the laws of fluid mechanics because it didn't spread properly, and just pooled strangely in the corners.
'Fine,' Tony whispered back, trying to choke back a sob. He had to be. He had to be fine. He couldn't bear to disappoint Steve.
'In a bit, I'm starving.' Tony said, going over to the toaster. It was almost a metre long and could do up to twelve slices at once. 'Want some toast?'
'I know,' he said, kissing her, and she could feel him grinning between the words and the kisses. 'Just don't know how else to tell you how much I love you. You're so strong, Natasha.'
'Right,' Tony blinked, pulling himself back to the task at hand. He couldn't take the flight suit off, not while he still needed the armour. On the inside of his visor, what remained of Jarvis had listed the next most likely location from the various factors of probability Tony had given him. The computer hadn't said anything. It rarely did now, other than affirmations that his command had been accepted. He really ought to reactivate the AI function, Tony thought, because it had been a good piece of work. A masterpiece of coding, really, and a hugely advanced piece of software, and, now that he thought about it, his friend. It had seemed like a necessary sacrifice at the time, in order to reassert control, to stop Jarvis from
Back in their MIT days, and right up until Afghanistan, Rhodey had basically got a running commentary of her periods. It was his lot as her best friend. If she had to put up with them, he had to hear about them so they could suffer together. He said he should have noticed sooner that it had stopped.
I'm not sure about this fic... it feels too choppy with the short parts, and I feel like I'm doing too much 'and then x, y and z happened' rather than actually writing x, y and z. On the other hand I'm mainly writing this to explore the ideas and concept rather than actually write it if that makes sense? So basically imagine this is just a detailed plan/scrappy first draft??? I don't know, but enjoy!
'This is Chateau Mouton Rothschild,' Tony told him, finishing topping up the glasses. '1918 vintage. I ordered it just for you. Try some.'
'You'll be alright,' Steve said. 'The Shield medics said you just need to adjust. That thing was in your system for a long time. It could be a while before you're completely yourself again.'
'Dr Moore,' Steve turned at the familiar voice. Dr Moore had been the lead on Peter's case ever since he was born, and had been a firm favourite of Peter's ever since she had shown him the footage from a camera they had put down his throat. She was a calm, capable woman, and was easy to trust. Steve never doubted her. But it was never good when she asked you if you had a minute, if you could come into the office, which is what she did then.
'Good morning, Mr Stark,' Mrs Palmer called from where she was sweeping the front step across the way. 'Oh, my mistake. Good morning, Sheriff.'
He looked confused, and then, suddenly, it clicked. Natasha could tell he had finally got it because of how awkward he suddenly looked. 'Oh, you mean... women's... sorry. Can I help?'
Not the red head then. Tony frowned, trying to think of any other girls in the group, let alone any other brunettes. Peggy was the only brunette in that group. Was she – could she be - ? He turned to her with eyes full of panic, but before he could say anything she gently added, 'His name is Bucky.'
'I'm here,' Steve's voice said, but it wasn't Steve. It was one his captors, who had plucked the comms unit from his ear.
Peter hesitated, and then his head twitched ever so slightly, the closest thing to a nod he could manage. Tony started unhooking Peter from the various machines and IVs, leaving only the breathing tube. He didn't want anything else getting pumped into Peter's system at the same time as the cure when he wasn't sure how they would mix.
Bucky nodded, slamming the door shut before any more snow could slide in. 'Wine,' he said, heading for the kitchen.
'See, if I thought it might actually work,' Osborn said, casually fanning the papers back and forth. 'I'd remind you that you aren't allowed to do this. You know the market-share agreement our fathers made after the war. Stark Enterprises gets technological warfare, Oscorp gets medical advancements and biological weapons.'
Tony blinked, trying to get his breath back and generally remember where he was. That was not how he had expected that scene to end. Steve handed him a glass of juice, grinning in satisfaction. Tony kicked him lightly in the shin.
was the best way Tony could think of to describe it, as though the worlds were beating him down. And yet the glint of madness in his eyes was as present as ever – more so, if Tony’s memory could be relied upon, murderous for the sake of murder instead of simply because he felt it necessary. It was a fine sort of difference, but the former option leant itself to a heavier descent into insanity, in Tony’s mind.
Thor, though Tony was fairly sure he hadn’t ever been involved in a snowball fight before, picked up the general idea fairly quickly. Grinning wildly, he let out a war cry, launching snowballs at everyone he could see. Natasha and Clint formed an alliance immediately, watching each other’s backs as they made a little mound to hide behind, and Tony sought cover behind a convenient large rock.
But she didn’t comment, choosing instead to continue, “I think we should send a team of scouts to see what we can find out. I’d go on my own but, well, I don’t think it’s the wisest decision to get anywhere near the gauntlet without backup. We should bring at least two, possibly three ships in case one gets compromised so the others can still report back. The mission would be information retrieval only – locating the ships, approximating the size of his army, and, if possible, infiltrating one of the ships to get data from their mainframe to see if we can find their plan.”
by how readily she’d agreed, and how she’d stuck to calling at least once every three days unless something urgent came up. It always made him a little nervous when she missed one of her calls, and he knew she was aware of that and called as quickly as she could when she finished whatever was holding her up – he knew because she’d video-called him while wiping blood off her hands more than once. It would make him feel like a silly, sentimental old man, but she seemed to appreciate the calls as much as he did and worried when he didn’t pick up, which happened only when he was in a meeting he couldn’t leave or in the middle of a battle. He always called her as quickly as possible after, too.
“Thanos is here.” Carol and Rocket looked shocked and dismayed, but the Dora Milaje and Wong only nodded.
'It's not about you any more, Tony,' Clint said. His tone was kind but there was obviously not going to be any room for negotiation. 'You don't have a choice. You have to. He already lost his Pa. He needs his Daddy.'
'What's wrong?' Tony asked, eyes full of concern and disappointment as Steve approached the back. 'Aren't you enjoying it?'
When Tony finally noticed him, he was so startled he dropped his hammer; the tool falling onto the floor with a weighty clang.
and playing with the infant on his lap. A grandchild of either Wanda or Pietro, Steve wasn't entirely sure which. He was ashamed to say that at his age, they all blurred into one.
He only realised his mistake when Tony didn't say anything, turning away too quickly when Steve turned to look at him. It didn't take too much thought to connect the dots. Tony did think you only got one throw of the dice. Tony thought he, Steve, was that one.
But there hadn't been anyone else to ask. And he wouldn't let her down. He would be back soon, even though it had already been half an hour. How had it taken him half an hour? The store was only a ten minute walk, if that. Where was he? Why wasn't he back yet?
Steve looked at him. Stark was sitting on his bed wearing only breeches, his shirt hanging open. His skin was clear but for the dark marks from last night's love making, not a scar to be seen. The fact surprised him, but he wasn't sure why. Stark was only a blacksmith, you wouldn't expect to see scars anywhere but his hands.
because if those muscles were anything to go by the serum had been crap-full of testosterone, so if anything Steve's legs should have looked like rolls of carpet.
Shortly before he had been injected with the Super Soldier serum, Doctor Erskine had taken him through what they thought it would mean for his body. That he could run faster, move more smoothly and had greater strength than anyone had thought possible became evident minutes after the experiment was over. But the other capabilities, that he would be able to go longer and function better without food, water, or sleep, had taken longer to establish.
Sure, it was annoying and painful, ridiculously impractical in evolutionarily terms, and if it had happened to men medical science would have found the off-switch years ago; but Natasha Stark wasn't going to let it stop her. She took painkillers, took the pill, managed her periods just fine. Work saw her through, or ice-cream where that failed. If she ever found it hard, she didn't let it show. Natasha Stark just got on with life, no matter what punishment her uterus was trying to inflict on her.
Steve nodded curtly and headed for the door to the elevator. When he reached it, he turned back to look at Tony. 'Don't push yourself that far again, Tony.'
to do with periods was impossible and which was why she didn't have any tampons. She couldn't face going into a store and buying them. Jarvis could have ordered them, but even saying the word - even alluding to it - made her feel sick, made her feel like she would die. He had asked her if he should put them on the automatic ordering list, and she had explicitly said no - explicitly told him not to order them unless she said so - because the idea of
'With all this in mind, I believe significant leniency in your case is justified, with a view to overturning the verdict in future should more research enlighten us about the nature and reach of Venom. Your considerable talents also shouldn't be overlooked. If you wish to contribute to society, there are better ways for a man of your skills to do so than in stamping number plates.'
'Jarvis, open a programming terminal,' he said, and in front of him a holographic screen opened up, showing the complex matrix of code that made up Jarvis, along with a complete set of keyboard and input options, ghostly blue in the half-dark of the room. He had no idea what time of day it was, what the date was, he wasn't even sure of the year. He didn't know how long he had been Venom. But he did know that Jarvis had tried to warn him, and that, even when he had been lobotomised, he had found ways to resist, to stretch the strict boundaries of his programming right to the limit, to get Peter inside, to help him get the music going, to help Tony.
it when people are dishonest, don’t you?’ He smirked. Steve looked more irritated than ever, but still didn’t say anything. ‘Come on, he ought to know.’
Bucky swept a critical eye over the garden, completing a head count. 'Three,' he decided, returning his attention to the braids.
Tony was in no mood for a Captain Sensible lecture. He knew six days was a long time, even for him. His need for bubble tea was greater than ever. 'Great, then you can thank me by getting me a bubble tea. Strawberry. Peach pearls. Chop chop.'
'The only thing that will bother me is if you keep living half a life,' Tony answered. 'It's Christmas, Cap. Nearly New Years. It's the season for magic, miracles and fresh starts.'
ask. But as her stomach clenched painfully again, desperation made it clear there was no other choice.
As for the chess, well, he knew the rules. He was fairly good at it, too, he just didn't really like it. But the invitation was meant kindly, a gesture of friendship, and so after a day of menial chores around the base he found himself waiting by the exit for Richard and Mary, who let him into their car and drove him back to their home in Queens. It was his first time since his mad dash when he woke up that he left the base. Mary kept pointing things out along the side of the road. Steve responded politely and kept his eyes firmly focused on his feet. He didn't know why, but he didn't want to look.
Steve had just finished shaving, with horsehair brush and cut throat razor, and he turned from the washstand to see Stark sitting on the bed, watching him. Steve frowned and said 'What are you doing?'.
Another step later, the hand disappeared from his shoulder and Tony looked back to see Steve, in Shield uniform today, pushing the cop's arm down.
Still, it wasn't so bad. He'd found he could save a lot when Peter was in hospital by simply not using any electricity. A candle was enough to get him to bed, and it was kind of nice. It reminded him of his childhood, when the supply had been unreliable at best and power cuts sometimes went on for days. The back streets of Brooklyn had not exactly been a priority during the shortages of the Depression. In any case, the best ghost stories were told by candlelight.
Things continued that way for six or seven weeks. Steve would go to his appointments, Richard would ask him how he was doing, Steve would say fine, and they would go on their way. And between appointments, they'd have lunch, or a chat in the corridor, or he'd go over for dinner, watch a little TV, play a game or two. Fury still wouldn't clear him for active duty, or to live anywhere but on the base. Mary said it was because Steve still wasn't talking about what had happened. Steve said he didn't want to. Richard said that was fine.
Tony's heavy, giddy head snapped up. He knew that voice, even if he knew it best from orders in the field, even if it usually called him 'Iron Man' or 'Stark', even if the only time it was 'Tony' was times like this, incognito in public, because 'Tony' and 'Steve' were surprisingly ordinary names that wouldn't draw nearly as much attention from passers by – it was Cap. And Tony had never been so happy to see him.
