He looked at Steve and smirked. “Think we’ve got time to do that before Thor gets back?”
Hawkeye stared at him.
"Again?"
Tony stared at him, and he swore to God the storm rolled back and the clouds parted at those three words he’d been sure he’d never hear. What was this, a Disney movie?
It would figure if it was Doom. Judging by their visit to the Avengers Mansion last night, the masked man had been in an abducting kind of mood lately.
Pulling the waffle out of the iron with a fork, Cap dropped it onto a plate. Then he frowned at it.
Bruce stepped up next to the blond guy, who kind of towered over him, and shaded his eyes with one hand as he looked up at Clint.
There was just so much to consider. Sadly, his actual feelings felt like a low priority. He could love Tony and take care of him without the world knowing about it.
“I know,” Thor replied, cutting off Tony, who had been about to reply with something. Now he just frowned out at the blond demigod instead. “I suspect neither is Banner, or there would be more fallen trees and destruction. It is YOU I came here to see, brother.”
“Think old-fashioned is my type,” he managed finally, grinning. Now that the love confession had sunken in, he felt downright giddy. “You know I love you too, right? I mean, I would hope that part was clear by now, but you never know. Here, just in case, let me just…” Catching Steve’s face in both hands, Tony pulled him down enough to kiss warmly. Was this real? Sure felt real.
Thor smiled warmly and dropped Mjolnir on the floor with an incredibly heavy-sounding ‘thunk’, wrapping his arm around Lola instead.
"Touchy touchy! Everybody else must be off with Iron Man, huh?"
"He might've been collapsed on the floor," Bruce clarified.
"Sorry." The blond frowned guiltily. He reached up and patted Bruce's shoulder. "Man, kind of glad I did though." Hawkeye smirked. He moved his hand to the brunette's neck, running a thumb along his chin. "It's nice to actually see you."
"I hate to ask..." Cap groaned, turning back to Tony. "Can you h-help me to my room?" The captain knew that it would be a miracle if he made it back to his room on his own. He could have just slept in the hall, he supposed.
“Shouldn’t we be at least hearing the waterfall by now?” Peter asked Wade, pausing on the trail for a moment.
“Uh, yeah, that makes sense.” Clint turned and hurried back up the steps. Get Bruce out of the cabin, check. All Hawkeye needed to do was sneak the damned tackle box out of the living room and bury it, then he’d get the entire week with Bruce.
“Steve is fine,” Cap told him, handing him a big wrapped blob of ground meat. “You and Peter make meat balls. Clint—” The captain barely snagged the back of Hawkeye’s shirt as he had started to retreat out of the room. “Clint, I need to talk to you.”
"There's Thor, and the Fantastic Four—they're used to dealing with Doom. If hell freezes over and I've got no ice pick, your last resort is...SHIELD."
“I told you he’s the fake one!” Clint growled from the cell.
"You flatter yourself, Barton. As if the rare, precious flower I seek would be so EASY to acquire as you," the masked man said glibly. "No, you are a mere pawn in my ultimate scheme of REVENGE!"
The blond didn't follow him. Instead he stood by the door shivering. After a moment, he tucked his hands into his vest pockets and sighed, puffing a cloud into the chilly air. Bruce could see the reflection of those blue eyes in the shop’s window and they were looking at HIM.
"Just pull it OUT." The demigod growled.
Rubbing his temple, Cap came back over slowly.
Bruce frowned and did an abrupt U-turn, stepping over to check the cabinets of supplies across the room.
When one put them side by side, Doctor Doom's armor and Tony's Iron Man armor were pretty similar, and Hawkeye heard that the latter had already gotten hostile toward her once or twice.
The last person he would have ever expected to see at the peaceful lake was Deadpool. The mercenary was an infamous hitman, and notorious for being a basket case. Having him anywhere near Peter was nerve-wracking.
Spider-Man rubbed the back of his head and glanced around awkwardly.
"Now just relax a moment..."
Then again, he's said last time that Detroit was Peter's house. What did that make Dallas, Grand Central Station?
"Thanks," Peter said, brightening as he took the bottle. He glanced back into the cabin to try and locate Tony. A blue glue from waaaay back in the corner told him either Tony was changing shirts, or more likely he was on his phone while he thought nobody was watching. Satisfied he wasn't paying attention to them, Peter lowered his voice and popped the cap off of the root beer. "I don't think what he does with the models is 'dating', exactly, Cap."
"Hey, wait!" As soon as he was close to Clint again, he dropped his voice to a whisper, glancing over his shoulder to be sure Cap and Tony weren't listening. "You were pretty drunk last night, but I'm hoping you remember what you were talking to Tony about."
Powerful. Unstoppable. Devastating...in the most literal way. Loki stared at him openly and then came to his senses. The Hulk was also impossible to control. It was a dangerous game, but the payoff later would prove worth it.
Did Peter’s boyfriend drink?
Making a snap decision, Peter dashed over to intercept Cap before he could get back to the fire.
He was tired. His stitches kept bleeding and his cracked rib was hurting and he had only had one cup of coffee and he had barely slept—and Wade would not shut up!
There was also something in there about being a socially awkward scientist who wasn't sure he was okay with pursuing another man...but the rest was enough for now, really.
“Here, mop some of the blood off and we’ll be able to see the damage underneath. Um, I’ve never really stitched somebody up before—do you know how to redo them?”
Clint laid still quickly, resuming his calm, bored expression.
The idea that one day, somehow, they’d really have a disagreement. One they couldn’t come back from. As hard as Cap tried to be diplomatic, he found himself arguing with Tony more than he liked.
Shaking his head, he turned to look at Pepper. His voice had diminished to a whisper.
Wow, Tony thinks, sighing just a bit at finally having a Little who will not put up a fight about medication. He picks the girl up with a groan and sets her on his hip.
“You’re pretty funny anyways.” Wanda shakes her head and suddenly bursts into tears.
(See the end of the chapter for
Peter frowns a little at Wanda’s question and is about to answer, but then he gets lifted up and forgets about it.
“Wanda, did you take off Peter’s sling?” Steve asks, coming over and crouching down by the little girl. Wanda crosses her arms and nods, looking down at her feet shamefully. She did not really think about it, but she knew that she really probably was not supposed to take it off without asking, if at all.
“I don't wanna nap.” Wanda pouts. “I’m gonna have bad dreams.” She hates having nightmares, and she hates bothering her Daddies when they happen so she often ends up just curling up into a ball in her bed and crying herself to sleep afterwards. “Daddy, do you think that Stephen could give me medicine that'll make me stay awake forever?”
“That’s really nice of her. But, talk to us when you have bad thoughts, all right? Then we can work it out together.” Tony says, picking up the polar bear and handing it to the girl. He also grabs the storybook that they have been reading to Wanda. Unlike her brother, she can pay attention and enjoy multi chapter books. Wanda yawns and nods, feeling her eyelids begin to grow heavier as she cuddles her stuffie.
Steve gave him a smirk in passing, heading down the hall to where the website had said the bedrooms were located.
He hoped he'd find out what eventually.
“HEY!” Clint shouted, running after him.
Before Steve could reply, a head stuck up in the window of their tent door, unzipping the cover in one motion.
"Not so fast." Cap nodded to the door. "I want to speak with you alone." If he played along well enough, perhaps he could buy some time for the other Avengers to notice their disappearance.
The muscular blond turned and plunked back down in the sand, swigging from his root beer.
“Let’s make sure we knock first. I think his leggy friend is still around.”
Halfway through shoving a pancake into his mouth, Clint froze.
The two archers went along willingly. Both seemed so real to Bruce. Other than their clothing and the scrapes, they were twins.
“I know,” Steve said, sighing. “Look, we have to give Matt a chance. He seems like a decent man, and he’s a better option than Deadpool.”
Loki frowned, sulking that Bruce wasn’t being a good sport. The man was no fun.
"I think I better head back there. Are you done with the scans? We really need the power back on."
Captain America took Peter’s statement very seriously, his expression growing sad.
“I’m sorry, I don’t believe I got your name,” Cap remarked, offering his hand to Deadpool.
The masked man gripped his hand quite firmly and shook it.
Peter had never seen Thor dressed so casually. The big blond was wearing jeans, actual jeans, and a red plaid flannel shirt the same shade as his usual cape. Catching the direction the others were looking, Thor looked up, too. “The man of spiders!”
“Oh sure,” Matt told him, smiling easily. “It’s just a lot to process. The pressure in the air, the humidity, the damn…” The redhead paused as gust of wind slapped warm rain in their faces before continuing, “the lightning. I like rain. Usually. It actually helps me visualize better. But this combination is a lot to process all at once.” He laughed, and Peter could tell he was uncomfortable about the subject as his smile faded. “Silly me for leaving my walking stick up in the cabin, I suppose.”
1: In this chapter, Bruce says he's not present as himself often. This might sound like melodramatic exaggeration if you're used to MCU Bruce, who gets to be Bruce form very often, but EMH Bruce really isn't himself much. In the EMH cartoon, he actually has a deal with the Hulk to only be in Bruce form for one day per month, and to let Hulk stay in Hulk form otherwise.
“There’s plenty to go around,” Tony said drolly from over by the campfire. Peter felt his face heat up. Right, they were right next to the Avengers’ camp now. Thanks a lot, Hulk.
"Race you there," Spider-Man shot back, web-slinging his way over Wade's head—and off through the town. He didn't know where the Hulk was, but usually there were lots of pieces of rubble flying when he appeared, so he was sure he'd find out soon enough. Why was the Hulk on the loose, though? Why weren't the other Avengers keeping an eye on him...?
Glancing that way, Lola turned back to him and tipped her head.
"Awesome! It's probably just creaky old Doom, but if it is, he actually got everybody this time!"
“I’m sorry, Tony, I’m having trouble believing all of this. Are y-you sure? Absolutely sure? What if Matt was lying about the three of them?”
"I-I'll wait." Steve shook his head firmly.
“No, PETER’S boyfriend.”
“Me too,” Cap told him absently, turning and heading for the frisbee game. Tony was on the opposing team. That was probably for the best or Cap might try to talk to him in the middle of the game.
Thankfully, it turned out that they weren’t electrified or anything. Doom really was old-fashioned in his dungeon design.
He’d found Peter where he had put the dozing teenager the night before, which was in Cap’s hammock. Since Tony was going to be hung over, Steve had made a nice pot of coffee for him. It probably wasn’t as good as Quaff-Aid, but nobody made that anymore.
“I was never good at romance, actually. I was small and I was sick in bed a lot. Women barely acknowledged my existence until I became like this.” Steve looked over his arms, blue eyes stormy. “…But I knew how shallow they were. I remembered the looks they gave me before. I couldn’t get that out of my head.”
Crawling off to one side, Loki laid on his back on the couch, holding his side. He WAS a lot heavier than the mortals there. About, say, three times heavier thanks to being from another world.
Steve frowned and poured another waffle.
He had no idea what time it was now, but it felt like he'd actually slept in late. Whatever. He didn't feel like facing Steve again any sooner than he had to, anyway.
"Cure...what?" The other Hawkeye asked, looking at his double. "Coughing?" He looked back up at Thor.
Pepper got to her feet and stepped toward the door.
"Ah, yes." Cap was a little surprised by the sudden hug, but wrapped his arms over Thor's shoulder's. He missed having the cards. Wandering around outside for who knows how long wasn't the best idea right now and it would have been nice to know that Pepper was safe.
"What the hell are you doing in my bed?!" Clint yelled, struggling to untangle himself from the covers and stand up at the same time. When he failed to free his legs—which were wrapped up in the blankets under Bruce—he just lay there shivering and glaring at the other man.
"Thank you," he told them both gratefully, sounding relieved. "I-I know he doesn't seem like it, but Wade's trying really hard--and he's got no family, so this vacation's all new for him, and Matt if you saw how happy he looked yesterday playing frisbee with me and Cap and Tony..."
Sputtering out seawater, Peter found himself chuckling. He could fight off all of the weirdos in animal suits back home, but water caught him off-guard? It may have been kind of a long day in the trunk.
Tony held up his hands.
As he turned, he found that it was the woman from under the umbrella.
Wade would totally appreciate that—if he wasn’t lurking behind a big beach rock, peeking back at the bonfire.
“I’m gonna kill him,” he said under his breath, taking a seat with Peter’s help. Running a hand over his face, Matt sat up in his seat, pulling on a very carefully calm expression.
Bruce ran his fingers through his own hair awkwardly, explaining, “Not having it along turned into a good excuse to spend time with you instead.” Peter tried not to laugh at the look on Clint’s face as the scientist added mildly, “I didn’t exactly hide it, though. You just never thought to look for it in the trunk.”
The comment barely registered before a finger jammed at the stitches in Clint’s arm.
Peter took it and held it close enough to the fire for the marshmallow to start toasting. Inwardly, he was scrambling to come up with a way to not mention Wade's name while also not lying. Heck, saying ‘boyfriend’ was already lying, wasn’t it? He should've thought of this and steered the conversation away, but it was so easy to talk to Cap, and it wasn't like he was gonna come out to Aunt May or something, so really no guardian type figure had heard it 'til now.
Abruptly, Loki stopped wiggling. It was hopeless anyway, but at least he was on the way to a room.
"It doesn't matter now," he sighed, pulling a little scanner thing out of the briefcase and turning back to run it over Loki's chest slowly. It wasn't just hovering, either, it was pressed to the blond's shirt. "Part of New York got broken because I was here. At least the second time the Hulk just went for the mountains and didn't hurt anybody."
"You either want to go or you don't," Bruce said evenly. He paused with his hand on the doorknob, though, glancing back. "What is it?"
A large stocky man pushed his way back to where Peter was sitting, a black baseball cap pulled down over his face. The man plunked down next to him, squishing him against the pole. The guy smelled like an animal as he leaned over toward Peter, tilting his cap back to reveal beady dark eyes.
Before Spidey could react, another voice was saying his name.
“What?” Cap all but snapped at him, turning to frown at him. “We need to get back down to the fire.”
Deadpool continued to watch him, not eating his own hotdog. His mask was almost eerie without the constant chattering.
"I can't tell ya yet, dude."
“Well, he’s right here to talk to. And Matt stayed the night, so he and Wade can talk at each other. Bonus,” he said drolly, dropping the blanket to rummage for some clothes. Shoving on the first shirt he found—a red polo that didn’t quite manage to hide the top of the Arc reactor—he put his jeans on over the trunks. Whatever, they were in the middle of the woods and nobody cared if they were actual boxers or not.
“Don't worry, we'll get to the arm.” Stephen says calmly. “I’ll arrange for an x-ray right after the head scan. Poor thing, they really shouldn't have left him like that for so long.” The doctor shakes his head, but then goes back to trying to be level headed. That is what Tony needs him to be right now.
“I walk.” The boy says with a grin and heads down the hall and goes to sit down at the top of the stairs to slide down them. With his pull-up on, it does not hurt and is quite fun. When Steve and Peter have disappeared down the stairs, Tony gives Wanda a good squish in his arms.
“I talked to the ortho on call and he wants to realign the bone surgically to ensure that there’s no long term damage. It’s quite a standard procedure, we get Littles with injuries like these all the time.” Stephen explains, seeing the worry and panic of the two Daddies’ faces. “There’s a spot in the OR tomorrow morning.” He adds.
“Hi, they said the doctor was going to be here soon, but we haven’t seen anyone yet. My little boy is in a lot of pain now and we’d really like for things to start moving soon.” Steve says, trying to not make his voice demanding, but it is hard when his protective side is being tested like this.
“Thank you so much for dropping by on such short notice. We were really struggling here for a bit.” Tony laughs out and groans a little as he runs a hand through his hair. He is about to offer to walk Stephen to the door, but Wanda seems determined to get her cuddles, so he goes to lay down with her in her bed. Wanda snuggles into Tony’s arms and asks quietly.
“Hi.” Peter replies a little shyly, eyeing Stephen a little. The doctor is familiar of course, but he is wearing different clothes, so Peter studies him with his eyes as he gets wheeled into the hospital. The boy fusses a bit more with the straps again and looks around to try and spot his Daddies to make sure they are still with him.
“Really? The best?” Wanda is not sure that is true, but it feels nice to hear it anyway. She tries to think of a nice thing to say in return. “You’re the bestest doctor I ever had.” And that, she knows is true. Wanda sucks on her thumb a little anxiously, but feels better knowing that at least she is being a good patient. “I wanna watch Rapunzel. Can I?”
“Kitten. I’m a kitten princess, Daddy. Meow. I wanna be a kitten. I...oh Daddy, no more, please. I don’t like it.” She does not sound particularly forceful, resigning herself to the fact that it is happening one way or the other. Still, her cheeks glow with embarrassment. “Did it tell you if I’m sick yet?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I know. God, who made you so smart? I’d probably freak out and keep them safe inside forever if I could. I just… want to take care of him. But, you’re right.” He offers Steve a smile. “Taking care of him means letting him play too.”
“Peter.” Tony repeats, nodding as he listens to Wanda’s reasonings for her choice as he gets the bath ready. “You can sleep with us tonight, princess. Is there something you wanna tell me? Daddy’s all ears, baby.” Tony assures, setting the girl down on the floor to undress her. He puts the pyjamas and underwear in the laundry basket before helping the girl into the bath. Wanda swallows hard and shakes her head no.
Tony nods and heads over to Wanda, crouching down in front of her where she is laying on the couch.
“Oh, God… I’d better call our babysitter and see if he can keep our girl for another night. I just… I can't leave him right now.” Steve turns to look at Peter and even if the boy looks content in the moment, Steve still feels his heart break a little bit. He needs him.
“I know, baby boy. I’m really sorry and I will play with you later. But, Daddy can’t take care of Wanda all on his own. Can you be a brave boy for me and wait a little while? I just need you to behave and I promise we’ll get to play, sweetheart.” He stands up and finishes getting the water. “Do you want to watch TV instead?”
“Your Daddy is right.” Stephen agrees. “I'd never do anything to hurt you, Peter. You just hold onto Pooh for me. Do some deep breaths for us.”
“I’ll just be a second. You both be good for Daddy.”
Wanda throws her arms around him in a hug, feeling her heart overflow. She knows right them that she has the best Papa in the world and that she is luckier than any other little girl ever.
Thank you sm for reading!
“Not quite who I meant, but I am pretty tired.”
“Family…” Wanda parrots, before finally knocking out and Tony sighs a bit in relief and closes hi eyes too, falling asleep a few minutes later as well.
“Moomin home with Mama. Back home with Mama.” Peter explains. The last part always makes him feel so safe with knowing that Moomin got back to Moominmamma and they are all drinking juice happily.
Tony and Steve wave after Peter till they cannot see him anymore and then embrace each other in a hug.
“Papa!” Peter chimes in, patting at Steve’s shoulder to help them understand. He and Wanda are on the same page, so why are not the Daddies?
“Don’t want to. Don’t feel good.”
Wanda is still sick and Peter is feeling a bit neglected.
“It's hair magic. But you don't need it, Daddy, because you're so handsome anyway.” She really does think that she has the handsomest Daddies in the world, and she is very proud of it. “You should put some in Peter's hair. Then it could be just like yours.”
Tony strokes Peter’s hair to keep him calm.
“You’re staying with me, kitten, don’t worry.” Tony assures, bouncing Wanda in his arm as he fixes the apple juice in the Hello Kitty sippy. “And Peter’s probably having a snack at daycare now before nap time. And we’re gonna nap too.” He smiles, handing the sippy over to Wanda.
“Yeah, we’ll read now.” Tony promises and gets the book on his lap to read.
“Oh, baby girl, come here.” Tony prompts and opens his arms for Wanda to lean over for a hug. He holds the girl tight, rubbing her back to sooth her as he speaks gently. “I know you feel icky and you’re getting real fed up with this, honey bee. Papa and I are trying our very best to make you feel better, and that includes us calling the doctor now and then. Otherwise, we’d be bad Daddies if we didn’t get you the help you need. Do you understand, sweets?” Tony asks, pausing a bit to let it sink in. Wanda melts into his Daddy’s arms, tears filling her eyes. She does not want to be difficult anymore.
With Steve’s help, Tony gets Wanda in a comfortable position on his lap and pulls down her pyjamas and princess panties.
“Thank you for showing me.” Tony says, taking it from Peter so he can help put it back on him. “Do you want to tell me why you took it off? You know Stephen told you that you have to keep it on. That's the rule.” He knows Peter is little and does not always know better, but a little reminder never hurt. “Do you understand or no?”
“Peter St-Stark-Rogews.” Peter slurs a little, mirroring the smile that the doctor gives him.
“Peter.”
“Can you say hi, honeybee?” Tony asks Peter. “Say hi to the nurse. He brought lots of nice things for us.”
Peter feels his mood improve in an instant when Steve sits next to him and begins asking about the dolls, giving Peter the chance to explain the story he has created with the dolls. But, at the mention of Stephen, he suddenly remembers that he was supposed to help with Wanda. However, as selfish as it sounds, he would much rather stay in his room with his Papa. To be sure that Steve is not going anywhere, Peter climbs onto his lap and continues his game from there.
“Wan’a!” Peter hurries over to Wanda when he sees her big sister. He passes her the giraffe in an effort to make her feel better. “I kiss better, then we go.” He decides with a determined nod.
“Daddy, I'll be good forever. Promise.”
“No, thank you.”
Wanda crosses her arms and looks up at Tony with tears in her eyes.
“That’s very kind of you, but Daddy’s got sticky stuff in his hair. It’s kinda hard to brush.” Tony says, crouching down and tipping his head forward to let Wanda touch his styled hair. “You see?”
“Yeah! For Peter.” T girl says happily. She pulls Steve downstairs with her so they can go find Peter. He is sitting with Tony, who is making dinner and has some Disney songs turned on to entertain him. Wanda waves her magic wand around and asks. “Wanna be Cinderella? I cast a magic spell on you, Peter. But, a good one. Not a bad one.”
"M'not. Wanna hear stories.” Wanda says and opens her eyes briefly.
“Nothing like that, don’t worry.” Tony smiles and makes a hand gesture to show that there is no need to worry. “I just- Do you think this was the worst of it? You know- the actual surgery or are we really in for it when we bring him home?”
“Baby!” Steve chuckles, humoured by the thought of Wanda actually believing a cold could be a curse for misbehaving. “Of course not. We just get icky sometimes and it has nothing to do with curses. Besides, a cutie pie like you couldn’t get cursed, ever. Daddy and I wouldn’t let you be cursed.” He explains and rests his hand on Wanda’s lower back, rubbing up and down gently to keep her calm as he anticipates that she will put up a fight about the rectal thermometer.
Stephen chuckles at the compliment and bows his head in gratitude.
One Wanda finishes up, she then grabs onto Tony's hand tightly and pulls him out towards his and Steve’s room. She stops for a moment, then turns to face him with her arms up.
“Fell down. Magic makes all better. Right?” He wants them all to think he can be a brave boy too. “Daddy and Papa is outside. I get magic.”
“Sure thing. His vitals look good, but a bit groggy stil.” The nurse chuckles a little, rubbing at Peter’s foot under the covers before grabbing the end of the bed to wheel it down the hall to the patient rooms.
“Hey, hey.” Tony says, coming over to Steve to cup his cheeks. “He’s all right now and he’ll be just fine, just like the doctor told us. We’re not bad caregivers, we’re not.” He adds, perhaps more for himself than his husband. He has been having some awful thoughts about how he has failed to protect Peter ever since they got the phone call from Maria at daycare.
“Peter, after let's go play more.”
“Oh, what do we have here? Is that a magic wand?” He asks, putting a hand on the girl’s shoulder to guide her back downstairs. Dinner will be ready soon most likely.
“Okay, let’s see if we can find your Daddies in this huge place.”
Peter huffs a little and fiddles with Pooh while he tries to process everything. Even after many moments of thinking, he still cannot make sense of it. Either way, his head is working slower than normal and he can hardly have one thought before it vanishes and another pops up. Peter is about to whine for his Daddies, even though they are right next to him and stroking his hair, but then there is a knock at the door and Thomas enters with a tray in hand.
“Yeah, you guys go ahead and we’ll get some medication sorted out.” Stephen says, heading to the medication and supply cart in the room and starts getting things ready with Thomas.
“Wan’a and Da sleepy?” Peter asks in a loud whisper and eyes his sister and Daddy on the sofa from the kitchen doorway. They look really sleepy and the TV, which is still on, does not even seem to disturb their sleep. Peter pads back over to Steve, not at all caring that he is putting away groceries and walks right up to him.
Wanda shakes her head.
Peter nods his approval and rests his head on Steve’s shoulder, humming in content at knowing his Papa will be his prince.
“Oh, Peter.” Steve sighs, taking a deep breath to calm himself. “Come here. You’re going to help clean this up and then we’re going to have a little chat. We don’t spill things on purpose.” He would never punish for an accidental spill, but he can tell when it is no mistake. He cleans the mess up fairly quickly and then sits down with Peter in his lap. “Do you want to tell me why you did that?”
“That’s all right. He’s had a long day for sure. So, I won’t bother you for long, but I just wanted to show you where to find the changing supplies.” The nurse says, then heads to the bathroom and shows the cupboard with diapers and pull-ups and everything else needed for changes. “I also have some ID bands for you guys while you stay here. You Daddies get each one too.” He says, handing Steve and Tony their ID bands.
“On it.” Tony says and gets out a chopping board and knife. He scoffs softly at the idea of them being in the ER right now. That would be a nightmare. “Like Sam or Bucky? I mean, they don’t have Littles of their own so I don’t know of they would be able to handle them both.” Tony muses as he begins chopping the onion.
Tony breathes a sigh of relief. At least food might be a good temporary distraction.
“He needs to stay here for one night at least for observation, Tony. You and Steve can both stay with him.”
To get access to the cast, they have to take the sling off and Peter sighs a little in relief when he can work his shoulder. It’s nice to get the weight off the sore arm, but it can get stiff at times as well. Before discharging Peter, Stephen had given the two Daddies a bunch of advice on what to do during their boy’s recovery and working his arm gently daily was one of them. Tony carefully writes on Peter’s cast ‘Daddy Loves You’ with a heart next to it.
“Hmm, promise.” Peter says, although he does not mean it entirely. He bounces again to try and get to Wanda, but he does not get away till Tony has put his sling back on. Once he is free, Peter pads over to his sister and gives her a one-armed hug. “Missed you.”
Cap sat a plate down with a freshly steaming waffle on it and leaned to pat Tony’s back gently.
Bruce blinked again, glancing back over his shoulder at Clint strapped to the table.
Didn’t they?
Squinting at the palm tree, Peter headed right over to her and waved.
"No, I'm out of here!" The archer pushed past Bruce.
As soon as the car stopped, Steve wrenched the interior of the door off and looked for the lock system. Clint stuck his arm through the cage and felt for any sort of unlock button.
"I-I'll lend you a hand," Tony offered, pulling the Iron Man mask closer to pick it up. "Hey Jarvis...take a hand, follow Pepper around."
“Your dads are SO cool,” Wade whispered—loudly—to Peter as he lit a wad of paper towel he’d thrown into the bonfire pit. “Captain America AND Iron Man? Dude, please, help me make them LOVE ME!”
He heard Steve sigh, tapping his thumbnail on the back of the cell phone.
“And Tony knows about us,” Matt added, chuckling. “Well, I guess everyone knows now. Sorry.”
Tony’s voice pulled him from his thoughts.
"I can't. What if he says no? I don't know if I can live with that.” Steve was trying very hard to speak as honestly as he could, but this felt like the wrong time. He and Tony had other things to worry about, like keeping the Avengers in one piece. When did they have time to sort out whatever it was that had been going on between them? No, this was a mistake. “But thank you for speaking with me.”
Tony exchanged a glance with Cap and started that way. If some super villain had somehow managed to cram themselves into the damn trunk to get at them, he was gonna...
"That sounds awesome, big guy." Clint came over and pressed a hand on the cell wall too. "I was about to eat the leg off my pants." He glanced down and then back up to Thor. "Any chance I could get a shirt now? It was pretty chilly in here last night."
"Yeah...I think we should try the heavy object to the head option," Loki heard Hawkeye mumble. It made him chuckle.
Staring at him, Bruce didn’t comment. He’d spent enough time around Clint while in Hulk’s head to know that the archer and his big green pal had a crush on each other. Not that Hulk would be happy to hear it. He’d probably never tell Clint either.
"One of the many works of Doom," the masked man replied almost proudly. "If you cooperate, I will reverse it when Thor is mine."
"It is called 'bow-tie salad'," Thor said, speaking the name very carefully. "Fear not, they speak of noodles."
Now, they'd been watching the frisbee game for awhile, and it was a nice clear evening on the beach. The root beer supply was taking a serious hit, between Steve and Tony both drinking them. Nonetheless, Tony went to grab another anyway. In a valiant effort not to be petty (he thought), he brought Steve another root beer as well since his last bottle was nearly empty.
"Hey Tony," Clint interrupted. "Have you seen another me wandering around in here?" He glanced off into the dark corners of the room. "You know, looks like me, but more evil."
"Yeah. Got it." Hawkeye turned his head away from Bruce and stared at the wall.
Even after saying that, he was still hurrying up to the cabin.
Seeing that distant, traumatized look of horror in Steve's eyes again, Tony decided it was best not to pry too much. Maybe Doom had force-fed him something during his stay and he'd rather say he hadn't eaten anything at all.
Extra TV time is always special, so despite his anger and upset, Peter nods and heads to the sofa. He plops down and waits expectantly for his Papa to put on one of the Disney channels. From upstairs, Tony calls out.
“Wan’a icky? Owie? I kiss owie.” Peter slurs out again and points at his sister for emphasis. Meanwhile, Tony uses his free hand to stroke Wanda’s hair back when she settles and stays still.
“Hun’wy, Dada.” Peter whines a little, tapping at Tony’s shoulder.
“So, you’re here because of your hurt arm, right? Well, tomorrow, like super early in the morning, we’re gonna get that fixed. I’ll come here with doctor Stephen and we’ll take a look at your arm and get you all ready to go upstairs. Up there, magic happens...” Thomas says a little dramatically. Peter widens his eyes in interest.
Peter whimpers and whines some more, but stays still even though he does not like what is happening. After a moment, Stephen finally checks the thermometer and shakes his head. Peter whimpers when the thermometer is removed, but not due to any pain. It’s rather the embarrassment of the whole thing and how the day seems to get worse and worse for him.
“He fell from the monkey bars and landed on his arm. He also lost consciousness, but I’m not sure if that was due to hitting his head or due to the pain and fright of falling.” She explains, her heart breaking in her chest at seeing the sweetest baby in the daycare get hurt so badly. Naturally, she blames herself for not keeping the baby away from the monkey bars meant for older Littles.
“That’s an awful lot of responsibility.” Steve smiles. “Are you up for it, baby boy?”
“I’m on it.” Steve hurries back downstairs to get the water and dials Stephens number. When Peter hears Steve finally return downstairs, he gets up from his play mat in the living room and runs to his Papa, tugging on his arm to get him attention.
Peter nods. A nap does sound good and he feels a little better with Stephen there comforting him. He closes his eyes and whispers.
“I think we can ask Stephen to come look at you again in a few days, just to be sure you’re getting better. And you can of course lay on my lap, baby.” Tony assures with a smile and points Wanda over to the hand towel next to the sink. “Dry your hands, sweets.” He reminds. “Did you know that last time Stephen was here he also checked Peter’s temperature in his bum? He was super brave about it.” Tony says, hoping that it can motivate Wanda to be braver next time.
“Do I gotta have time out?”
Steve gently lays Peter face down on the bed.
“Yep, I promise. We'll go to the store and get you something new to play with. You definitely deserve it, sweetheart.” Tony smiles. “And how about next time we have movie night, you get to pick the movie?”
“That’s a good idea.” Steve says. “Can Stephen take your temp, baby boy?”
“Okay, Pete, we’re going to go in a room with a magic machine that'll tell me how to make your owie go away.” Opening the locks on the bed’s wheels, he begins to move Peter towards the MRI room, letting Tony hold onto his hand as they go. Steve stays behind to call Vis and hear how Wanda is doing.
“Papa!”
“Sit down, baby.” Steve tells Wanda as he wipes off Peter’s face gently. “If you finish eating you can listen to the story too.” Wanda gets on the chair, but sits on her knees instead of doing it properly, and drinks her juice absentmindedly. Steve gets up to get Peter his bottle.
“You're so sweet for caring about your sister, baby. Daddy's not hurting her, he's just checking her temperature. It might be a little uncomfortable, but it's good for her. I know you two want to play, but I'm going to feed you first and make sure Wanda's feeling well enough before you do, okay? I can get you a bottle if you want.”
“Thank you. You should come by sometime, I’m sure he’d love to see you.” Tony offers. “I’m going to stay home with him for a little while after this. They don’t want him playing in daycare again just yet, and I’m glad about that to tell you the truth. Wanda, did you say thank you to Vis for taking care of you?”
“Yeah, he is,” Tony smiles and agrees. “I’m glad you like him. I know he thinks you’re a very good and very brave little boy. He was very proud of you, you know that? We all were so proud of you. You’ve been so good through all of this.”
“Yup, it’s time to sleep now and the mask will help with that. Let’s try it.” Stephen says, lowering the mask to Peter’s face, but not pressing it on him yet. “You’ll have really nice dreams and then you’ll see your Daddies.” He adds reassuringly while he strokes the boy’s cheek with his gloved hand.
“Did you try to help him?” Steve fills in, knowing Wanda is an eager helper. Although, she always does not do the right thing, but both Steve and Tony know that she has got a heart of gold and her intensions are pure. “That’s very sweet of you, babe, but Peter needs the sling and neither of you are allowed to take it off, all right? It helps take the weight off his arm so he can rest and heal.”
“Bye bye.” Peter says again after hugging his sister with Pooh in his hand.
“They’ll be here soon, sweetheart, I promise. You’re being super brave. You know what? When we get back to daycare, I’m going to put five stickers on your spot. How does that sound?” Maria, the daycare teacher, smiled brightly. Five stickers was a lot, Peter is not going to lie and he has never heard of anyone getting that many in one go, but it hardly comforts him. He just wants his Daddies.
When Wanda puts her finger to his lips, Steve kisses it sweetly before answering.
“Steve, need your help here!” Peter looks up at Steve, daring him to leave him alone again and holds his sweater tighter in his tiny hand. Steve contemplates his options, then sighs and addresses Peter.
Steve smiles at the two of them, not wanting to disturb their special time together, but snaps a quick picture on his phone. He shows it to Tony who coos in response, clutching at his heart.
“Is big...” He states a little dumbly, letting Stephen lift him up on the bed. “Owie!” He yelps, then quiets down when Tony moves to support his injured and cast arm to take the weight.
Wanda touches his Daddy’s hair gently and giggles.
“Good morning.” Steve says cheerfully, giving him a bright smile. He is definitely relieved to see Thomas and Stephen already. “We're getting ready. I'm just going to change him first and then we can do whatever you need us to do.”
And track down his blond buffoon of a brother. How dare he let Stark study magic! What was he thinking? Most likely, he wasn't.
Trying to process that, Clint just stared at the needle pinched in Bruce’s fingers for a second.
Where would Clint bury the box? Leaning to look over a rock near the beach, Hawkeye frowned. Tequila was never a good idea when you had something to hide.
Thor turned his worried look from T-shirt Clint to Tony.
Bruce supported Clint and looked at the door.
"Sounds exciting," Peter said brightly, heading right inside. Well, hey, he'd been invited in... If Thor didn’t think the world was ending, it must be alright.
"No, that's the only good part—the sandwich shop survived." Clint shrugged a shoulder. "If that's what you meant." He looked up at Bruce. "I have no idea why I thought you were gay." He ran a hand through his wet hair awkwardly.
Coming around the counter to him, Cap frowned after Thor.
“Dude, you’re…” Wade trailed off, staring at Steve with big shiny blue eyes. “You’re the coolest dad ever!”
Crawling to his feet, Steve stood up.
What if Clint threw the tackle box into the ocean last night? It was solid metal, so it would have sunk like a stone. The blond shaded his eyes and squinted down the beach. The alcove was down that way. If he and Hulk had been over there, maybe the box was just off the shore?
Deadpool plunked down on the edge of the roof, slinging his feet over. He did a shush motion, leaning even further over the edge to look at Spider-Man.
"I am certain your intentions were noble," he said, and looked down at the armored Avenger worriedly.
"Hey Cap, let's take a cab!"
Tony pointed at his mug of coffee and moved over to sit down on the couch slowly.
“There you are,” Steve said, giving him a smile as he stepped off of the last step. “Listen, there are only eight beds between both cabins, so I want you to share a room with Tony. Is that alright?”
"Liked to...?" The blond came back over, staring down at him.
“Wow. It’s like you read my mind,” he said, laughing nervously and feeling his face get warmer and warmer. God he hoped Matt had left by now. “Don’t tell anybody, okay? We’re kind of flying under the radar a bit ‘til he realizes dating a guy my age won’t make the rest of the team think he’s a creep.” Was that too real?
"Careful!" Pepper pleaded, watching anxiously. "One wrong move and you'll zap him!"
Tony groaned and took an actual swig of his drink.
“I made waffles, if you want any,” he said, hoping to change the subject.
“Hey, hey,” Clint said tiredly, struggling to muster the energy to give a shit. “Who’s Peter talking to?”
Gazing across the bonfire at the black haired billionaire, Cap sighed. He snagged a bar of chocolate from the pile, snapping it into pieces and frowning.
After a wide display of emotions paraded across his face, Tony patted the hand of the blond's that rested on his shoulder.
"Just pull it out already!" Loki snapped between gritted teeth. He was going to have words with Stark, then Thor, and then Stark again!
"I'm trying to just embrace having no plan," he admitted. "Maybe forgetting my tackle box has a silver lining. It's been years since I had a whole week to just spend time with anybody, so...what sounds like fun? You want to rent a metal detector, go on a treasure hunt? Meddle with Cap and Tony some more?" The last was said wryly, but Clint got the impression he was only half-kidding.
The article was accompanied by some sloppily zoomed and edited pictures, at convenient and suggestive angles.
When Stephen says that Peter is his top priority, Tony feels himself relax considerably. But, then he just tenses up again at the mention of head scans. While Tony and Stephen converse, Steve and a nurse help Peter from the gurney and onto a hospital bed.
“Peter.” Steve kneels down next to the boy and touches his cheek. “Sweetie, can you talk to Papa one second? I promise that after your bath you can have dinner and watch your show. Come on, baby boy.” He speaks coaxingly. “I know you want to watch the puppies.”
Considering that they were in the middle of freaking nowhere, Clint knew there was nobody else who would throw trees around. Loki, maybe, but he’d heard the Hulk stomping around up the hill too.
Bruce sat back and frowned at him thoughtfully, his eyes slowly shifting back to their usual soft brown. "You'll probably have either a neck ache or a jaw ache later, depending on what that pop was, but you're okay. I'm sorry I distracted you and made you look back." He sighed, glancing down at the waves washing against the rock. "Thought something grabbed my ankle, but it turned out to just be a piece of seaweed."
Bruce was still hanging around near the door like going further into the cabin would somehow make the Hulk appear and rip the roof off or something. At Cap's request, he fidgeted for a minute, glancing back outside at the bright sun, then stepped quickly off in the direction Clint had gone.
Hawkeye sat shivering at the kitchen table, wrapped up in a long wool blanket. He looked to be wearing a pair of flannel black and gray striped pajamas, but was still shaking.
"Since needles won't go through your skin, we'll try some medication for pain. Hopefully that does affect you," he said, offering Loki the glass. "You'll need to sit up, I think."
If Clint threw his coffee cup, he could knock the book into the fire—
Waiting for him to be (hopefully) out of ear shot, Cap turned back to Peter.
"Honestly?" He wasn't sure what it was. He didn't usually give Clint much thought. Then again, Clint was usually perched somewhere very high and far away, not this close to him. Not when Bruce was himself.
Wow, up close Clint's eyes were VERY blue. Was that the streetlights reflecting in them, or were they just that shiny normally? How had he failed to notice it was raining lightly until Clint's hair was damp like that? It actually looked kind of nice damp...
“You hear that, baby?” Tony asks him. “Let’s do some deep breaths.”
“Peter, not now.” Steve whispers right before the line connects to the doctor. “Hey, Doc. I’m sorry to do this to you, but Wanda really isn’t doing better. I actually think she’s getting worse, and I would really like it if you could come by and take a look at her.”
Steve knows that if she gets upset, so will Peter.
“Good idea.” Steve agrees. He and Tony both kiss Peter goodnight and make sure to tuck some of the blankets around him. It is not as warm and cozy and familiar as his room at home, but it is definitely better than the ER where they were before. Quietly, they file out after Stephen, making sure to leave the door slightly open before turning to the doctor to hear what he has to say.
Usually this was the point where he would roll to his feet, pull his shield, and shout something heroic. As he slammed into the wall face-first, Steve reached for his shield only to realize that he wasn't wearing it. Giving up, he crawled to his feet to look down the hall, wobbling and coughing into his hand.
Steve glanced over at him slowly, raising an eyebrow.
Mostly hidden by Tony’s seat in the back of the kayak, Steve found a rather wide hole. It looked like they’d hit a rock or…maybe like something bit the boat.
Peter hopped up onto the roof and stepped over to him, a bit cautious about touching him. He grabbed the stick and poked Deadpool's shoulder with it. "Uh...what're you doing up here?"
The kiss got a smile from Tony, who waved him away.
"Huh. Didn't think of that," he mumbled a bit sadly. He looked at the sandwich shop's door and then back at Bruce. "Oh, come on. It'll be open in like an hour! We'll just grab our sandwiches and head back—no one will even be awake yet!"
"You are in no position to tell me what to do," Doom replied flatly, still standing there with his arms crossed and watching the proceedings.
Clint stared, hair frazzled.
Sprawled out on his back on the sand, the archer watched the stars above him dizzily. It felt like if he didn’t sink his fingers into the sand, he’d drift off into space.
"There you go, make yourself at home."
Calm. Sure. Bruce drew a deep breath, then reached over and unwrapped the blankets around the archer's legs.
“Wait to what, blow up half the lake in a fight?” Tony raised an eyebrow. “What did he say he was here for again?”
Squatting beside Matt, Wade nudged him.
"Clint, can you help carry the..." He nodded down at the couch. "The other Clint, to the medical room? I need to redo his stitches."
"Um, are you sure you're calm?" Hawkeye asked, stepping back to glare at his lookalike. "That guy is the fake and I think I can prove it."
Struggling to escape and shove the man away, Clint growled at him.
Bruce looked at his slack-jawed expression and fidgeted.
The driver rolled his window up, revved the engine, and pulled away from the curb.
"You are harmless to me right now—there is no need to sit in a cell anymore," Doom informed him in an almost exasperated way, reaching and grabbing one of his arms to hoist him up. Steve got the feeling Doom could lift things much, much heavier than him.
"Actually, it was--"
“Right?” Wade laughed nervously, leaning next to Peter to whisper to him. “Is he dying?”
"Jarvis, tell Thor to keep an eye on Clint and send Bruce in here to help me," Tony told the computer, not looking up from his typing. "You seriously should sit down, Cap."
“Probably about how much I hate being here and how I want to go home,” he grumbled to Spidey, dabbing his jaw with the back of his hand. Oh, that was covered in sand too? Great.
Steve let Tony lead him along, glancing back at the God of Mischief. Loki was watching him still, a smile on his lips. He gave Steve a little wave before heading back toward his tent.
Cap smiled softly, resting a hand on Tony’s back to draw him in closer.
Reflexively, Spider-Man turned and shot a string of web to catch him, tethering it to the nearest wall and then shooting a few webs to slow the swing toward the wall enough that Wade didn't faceplant on it.
He closed his eyes and took a deep breath, shoulders slouching. When he opened his eyes again, they were soft and brown—and sad. He avoided looking at anyone, focusing on the toes of his sneakers.
"See, you can leave me alone for a few hours without the world ending," Bruce said, glancing at him as they slowly made their way down the mansion’s first floor hallway. He still had his hands shoved in his pockets, and looked almost thoughtful if one ignored the bags under his eyes.
“Do you drink coffee, Wade?”
"Tony! He-ey, you ARE alive!"
“And you take him to apologize to the bus driver personally.”
Behind them, Deadpool landed flat on his face where Spider-Man had been standing.
Defeatedly, Peter lowered himself and Wade to the ground again, leaving a lone strand of web hanging from the branches.
"No," Clint grumbled. "And please don't cook."
The blond let the thought pass by. It somehow felt way harder to ask Bruce out than a regular person. Either because he was the first man Clint was attracted to, or because he was a close friend—who knew. It just seemed like a daunting task, especially when Clint was hung over with sand under his tongue.
Bruce moved his hand away, nodding and reaching for the medical kit.
“Anti… What? Why?” Hawkeye asked, tossing his hands up in a shrug. “Okay?”
"Deep breath, Bruce. Maybe some tea is a better idea. Do you know if we have any hippie herbal teas laying around?"
"Oh...right." Peter hopped off of the bike and snapped a web to the garage, winding up to stick to the door. He gestured grandly for Deadpool to start walking. "Bye-bye, nice having friends over and all but shoo!"
"So you can melt their faces off with your robot laser eyes?" The other in the T-shirt grumbled, rolling his eyes.
Tony gasped as the green hit the reactor, hanging his head.
“What’s so funny?” Stepping closer, Cap uncrossed his arms and stared Daredevil down.
"Brother, why do this? What have you to gain from this masquerade?"
“That way!” Clint cheered, pointing off where he figured the sunken ship might be. His memory was a bit fuzzy, but this vacation was looking up!
"And what do you think they'll do when their needles bend on his skin?" Bruce asked dully, frowning and readying some alcohol and a cotton swab. "Doctors experiment on abnormal people." He sounded like he knew from experience—a wearying amount of it.
"HULK POWAAA!" The merc yelled suddenly, waving his arms.
"Phew! I wasn't sure that delivery guy was gonna leave. Thanks for tipping him, Johnny."
Deadpool leaned up to look too.
"Yeah, well I have a bad feeling Matt's the one Peter likes and can't tell about it," Tony said, crossing his arms. "From the sound of it, 'let's date' is something Wade would LOVE to hear from Peter, and we know Peter's not actually dating anybody right now, so..."
“I’m not gonna sit around and watching everybody swim!” Clint scoffed, sitting his coffee cup down hard enough on the fire ring that it sloshed and made the fire sizzle.
They all wore red… Yeah. That was the only thing Hawkeye could think of that the three guys had in common.
“Good morning, Thor,” Tony grumbled, stepping back over and slapping the lid on the coffee pot. Someday soon, he told himself, he and Steve would get to go somewhere alone. They’d get to go on a honeymoon, right? Knowing their luck, some villain would pick that weekend to try to blow up the planet.
Luring Peter in earned Tony a smile from Cap, who took out another cup for their guests.
"That would be sweet," Peter quipped, taking another bite of his graham cracker. He got to his feet easily even with Wade hanging off of him, then realized this might look a BIT strange to Lola since she didn't know about the superpowers thing, and pretended to fall right back over. "Oof! Wade, let's, uh, let's go see if we can do anything to help in the kitchen."
"Gah, how do you turn this stupid thing off?" Smacking it against the floor didn't help apparently.
"Who are we kidding?" Bruce muttered to himself, stepping over toward the table. Like anything could really hurt him or the other guy, anyway.
Off in the shadows behind where Clint was sitting, Tony noticed T’Challa heading off into the night, a big handmade fishing spear in his hand. The King had apparently gotten so bored he’d made himself a weapon. Hopefully Clint didn’t see and get any ideas about bushcrafting a bow and arrows.
Lola’s smile faded and she crossed her arms over her chest, eyebrows lowering.
"You k-know Tony. He'll figure i-it out."
The blond followed after Peter as he swung, leaving a bright trail in the stormy sky behind them.
"In the middle of the night? Are you two, you know. Like," Johnny waggled an eyebrow at him suggestively and tilted his head, "You know. Gettin’ jiggy?"
"Let's go," he repeated.
The door out to the hallway was standing open. Dr. Banner poked his head outside and blinked, his eyes a bit greenish.
Now that he looked at Bruce again, the man didn't exactly "loom". He wasn't tall enough to do so.
“What the hell!” Staring down at his hand, Clint felt a chill go through him.
“Oh my god!” The tall man squeaked, slapping his hand into Cap’s and shaking it roughly. “I’m a HUGE fan! Would you sign me?” Wade asked, suddenly producing a permanent marker from out of nowhere.
"Hey, look out!" Spider-Man shouted, pointing behind Clint—shooting a web out behind him. The Hulk got pelted with some short web projectiles as he was making his way over to Clint, and roared angrily in response.
Tony rolled his eyes.
"Just hang tight, Jarvis will give you whatever food or blankets you need, and I'll be back soon." With that, Tony actually rocketed out the WINDOW in his hurry, rather than walk to the front door.
"We didn't bring any," Peter said somewhat nervously. Why did he only realize how tall Deadpool was when the man had him in a too-close-for-comfort hug?
"Jarvis, please, go get your head?" Steve asked the floating hand. He paused. "Wait, can you go get Tony's other heart? Um...raise your index finger for yes?" He looked at Tony, cringing.
"Who's biting who?" Came a groggy mumble from the object of their conversation. Well, from Bruce, at least.
"No wonder he brought you outside when I got there. He probably didn't want me to fry his decorating on my way out."
Thor could move very fast for such a big person. Just as Loki had started to topple, the blanket pulling one foot out from under him and the other surrendering his weight unknowingly, the thunder god swept in and caught him in his arms. Loki wound up cradled princess-style, muscular arms wrapped around his waist hugging him against Thor's even more muscular chest.
“That’s a good idea, Peter.” Steve agreed, finally letting go of Wade. “We’ll go ahead and start the s’mores.”
“Thanks for fixing my arm.”
"Miss Potts is out in the yard," Jarvis replied evenly.
He placed the stethoscope against Loki's chest and added, "Take a deep breath, please."
"That's a yes," Tony translated, sipping at his own coffee.
Steve helped Tony into the kayak and then turned to wave to them. Both Matt and Clint both waved back immediately, pulling on fake smiles. Peter waved back with a bright smile, too, ignoring how the ice-cream cone was dripping onto his other hand.
"I don't have to go through it with you, either," Peter retorted, rolling his eyes. He tugged on his hand. "Lemme go already."
With a snort, the large man vanished back into the crowd. Deadpool had managed to give Wolverine the slip twice today; maybe something was wrong with Logan's nose.
“I could believe that,” Steve said after a long pause. “But Matt also didn’t want to get between them. Remember? If Peter tries to step back and Matt tries to step back…” The blond sighed, tilting his paddle at an angle. Slowly, the kayak turned, sweeping them along side a big rock that jutted up out the the water in tooth-like spikes. “I feel bad for Wade.”
"Then l-let's go f-find the source...of the problem."
The blue glow from Tony’s chest caught Cap’s eyes and he looked down at it.
"The primary mainframe is unresponsive, sir," Jarvis informed him. "I am unable to analyze why, but the backup systems will not activate automatically."
Wow, Tony thought, Steve was really taking this marriage talk seriously. Good thing he was playing feeble and faint, or he would have to respond.
Stunned for a second by the laugh and convenient comment, Clint cleared his throat.
Shaking his shoe violently, Clint scowled as the tiny rock finally fell free.
“At least we have a few hours before it gets dark.”
Tony was really missing his tech right about now. Not only was shutting himself into his workshop to tinker for a day or two not an option right now, but if he had his facial recognition software then maybe he could identify the weird blond over there playing frisbee with Peter and laughing like he hadn't a care in the world.
Tony glanced after him, a little irked.
The redhead dropped from his branch, landing skillfully on the one where Peter had been.
“Thanks,” Clint told him shortly, grabbing the metal detector and Bruce’s arm to lead him away.
“Silence! How dare you speak to ME in such a manner, mortal!” Their magical guest threw the bow aside. Raising his arms above his head, a glowing circle appeared at his feet—raising up over his head to reveal his true form. Loki stood before them, evil grin on his face.
"I don't know if I can," Steve answered without thinking, looking up at the hole as well. “It's not easy to save someone from themselves.” Turning around a corner in the hall, the blond man shook his head. “But now that I've thought about us being more—married, even—I can't stop wondering if it could happen.”
Clicking off his light, Peter was relieved to see that there was a faint glow of sunlight somewhere down the tunnel still.
Just then there was a bright flash in the distance. Not lightning-—the shield flaring as something hit it. They couldn't see anything doing so from the outside, though...
When he dropped his hand away, it was easy to see the tears in his eyes, even through all of the rain. Steve padded across the beach to him, offering his hands to Tony.
He grabbed the blond guy by the arm and easily slung him over his shoulder, taking off down the beach at a run. It was easy to forget Peter's strength, with how skinny he was.
Clint gave the door a good rattle, smacking the glass.
"Look, I need to be alone for a minute. I mean, there's three of me! Am I even real?" He asked, feigning fear. "Please. I won't go anywhere."
"Tell m-me the t-truth." Steve took the water, looking up at Tony. "Is it bad? Will Miss Potts be a-alright?"
"I think he put it in his back pocket," Hawkeye said thoughtfully, glancing up at Hulk.
He turned off the burner under the sauce, stirring the stuff with the spatula. He missed his workshop. Had he ever gone this long without welding something?
"Is THAT what you believe? One would think you would be eager NOT to be weak in Doom's presence anymore, then," he said drolly.
"Tch, fine," Hawkeye grumbled from nearby. Loki could almost feel the man’s scowl burning into his back, but the woozy lightness in his head made it okay.
Bruce sat up, looking dismayed.
"Bruce," the captain said. "Where..." He wavered, eyes closing hazily. "Tony."
"I hate to break in on this touching reunion, but there's a third me running around—and Thor's alone with him. Doom said he wanted Thor, so...?" Shrugging a shoulder, Clint glanced up at Bruce. "Maybe we should scan him?"
"Do you speak to us?" Thor asked, looking over at him from the bed beside Clint’s. He and Loki were still awake to hear Tony, unfortunately.
He wasn't even sure the two of them had ever become a couple, but they were acting a whole lot like one that was on the outs right now. Okay, less dramatic about it than the couples in his high school, but essentially the same 'put on a happy face in public to save your reputation' routine as that.
"Yep."
“We’re…we’re going to have to talk to him about it.”
Laughing, Peter slapped him on the back and ducked to grab the frisbee from the ground again.
“It did and I couldn’t put it down. Such a nice story. It would surely make Bragi himself proud,” Loki said nicely, beckoning Peter after him as he went to sit by the camp fire. “I’m surprised that you liked it so much. I doubt that such a romantic tale is popular among young men.”
"You know, pneumonia doesn't sound that fun anymore," Clint said softly. "Maybe we should..." He trailed off.
Hawkeye wrapped his free arm around Bruce and pulled him closer.
"No. The fishing bores me to death," Clint corrected. "This...hanging with you...it's kind of cool. I don’t get to talk to you a lot." He fidgeted, glancing toward the ground.
"Th-they gassed my office," Pepper explained, coughing again. "I feel pretty weak, but...I think I'm okay. Sounds like they got you, too..."
"I don't want you to go away." Again he playfully nudged the thin man's shoulder, giving him a smile. "Maybe you can be my buddy too. My fishing buddy."
The thin man crossed his arms, changing to frowning at the shield like it had somehow offended him. Tony had a newspaper—which was made from paper that changed magica…digitally—in one hand, the title of the cover article showing just the word ‘scandal.’ Steve was fairly certain that Tony was the only one who cared about what the public was assuming about the Avengers.
“’Bugs’ is hanging out with you. Sorry I adjusted my expectations,” Clint snapped back. “You corrupt this kid and the Avengers are gonna take you to the raft and throw away the key!”
"...but they can eat you if you fall asleep—so that's not that great for toddlers. Alligators, now those are the worst!" Deadpool laughed nervously, rubbing his head. "But hey, if you aren't expecting any grand kids--boa it is!"
Plan B. So be it. Loki stepped away from Bruce.
“And Matt,” Wade corrected.
Worse than no phone at all, in other words.
“I’m sorry, did you need something else?”
"Isn't everything in here?" Bruce said quietly, reminding the others that he was there as well. He had to wonder if the shield generator Ms. Marvel had put up had been powered by the mansion, or by its own source. "Do you think somebody did this on purpose, or it's just the weather?" The scientist added, looking around.
Ignoring the death glares, Clint hurried the way she had pointed. As soon as the small stand came into view, however, he hesitated. It wasn’t like he could go on a hunt for the damn box if Bruce was there.
Meanwhile, Peter was looking at Lola’s golden fingernails and long black hair and green eyes and feeling the weirdest sense of deja vu. He was dead positive he’d never met the woman before, so why?
"That's good," Clint said nervously, clearing his throat and dropping the pile of covers on the bed. "Wouldn't want you to be angry at me." He sighed, teeth chattering now that he was standing in the cooler air. "Maybe the sandwich place is open now, though. If you’re up for it."
"Heeey, Avengers, anybody home? Hopefully you're locking bad guys out with the shield, not getting locked in."
"Sorry." Loki sat quietly while the scientist did his scan. After a moment he looked back up to Bruce, trying to calculate the angle his face had to be at so that the light would best catch the blue in his eyes. "I bet I can tell you something he can't."
Steve quirked an eyebrow, giving Tony a look. Sometimes, the God of Mischief sure reminded him of the billionaire.
“You should start your own newspaper. I’ve heard Jameson’s voice before,” Loki frowned. “It’s grating.”
Clint glanced that way, trying not to be too obvious about it. God, the drama in this room put soap operas to shame.
"Are you kidding? I never get sick of watching you," Clint told him dryly.
“I agree, but I never checked on Thor. He took two watches last night. I need to make sure he’s alright first.”
That beeping continued, still no heart monitors in sight. Bruce rubbed his forehead. Was he dreaming this? Maybe he was hooked up in a hospital or cell somewhere and dreaming this whole thing.
Again, Bruce found himself just kind of staring, unsure how to respond. Clint was acting downright weird, and it shouldn't have made him so nervous, but it did. Probably because he suspected he knew why, and he still wasn't sure how exactly he felt about that.
"Don't worry—I'm not leaving, baby." He struck a dramatic pose, sticking his hands on his hips and puffing his chest out proudly. "We have dessert to find."
It made perfect sense--he'd been talking to Cap about having a boyfriend last night, and boom, a dude showed up today who was all excited to see Peter. Wade wasn't actually his boyfriend--something that would potentially change in the future, depending on whether he lived through crashing the Avengers' vacation--but since Peter had slipped up and said he had a boyfriend, at least he could see how Cap and Tony might react to actually being introduced to one someday.
Jumping clear off the ground, Loki fell over away from the door—landing on his butt on the floor. The damn mortal was lucky HE didn't turn into a rage monster!
"...No, but I should've included you two," the armored Avenger grumbled. "What's Loki even doing here?"
"Whoa, is that a tiki mask?" Peter was giving the tourist souvenir stand a weird look. "We're not in Polynesia..."
“Or the couch, I guess,” Cap suggested, casting a long look at the hammock. “I can sleep on the couch, actually. Peter can have my bed.”
“Peter, this is about him being responsible. You of all people should respect that.”
Clint cringed, trying to twist his face in any direction away from Doom's.
"That poor guy's been cooped up all week—Bruce's working on some paper," Tony replied drolly. "NOT my idea, for the record, and he's not alone. Hawkeye's keeping his hawk eyes on him."
"Let's go check it out. It has to be Thor."
The man smiled at him and Cap found himself quite taken as he returned the smile.
"Loki, right? Wh-what do you want with Clint?"
That left Ant-Man and the Wasp—already seeing one another, so perhaps a tasty scandalous choice—Captain America, Black Panther, and Iron Man.
“Hey, how long do you think it’s been since breakfast?” Tony asked Steve, paddling up alongside him. He glanced at some movement and watched as Thor went rocketing past them both, out toward the center of the lake. Nonplussed, Tony looked back to Steve seriously. “It’s got to be at least an hour, maybe two.”
