“I think that about covers everything,” said Missouri. “Sign the bottom, both of you. You’ll have copies placed in your file. Recurrent events will not be considered exclusive. You need to understand that, both of you. If it happens again, the next incident will be considered a second occurrence of the same issue, and penalties will likely be enacted, up to or including charges filed and potentially termination.”
Dean thanked the Ozzie and handed the glass back to her.  He collapsed back down onto the bed, turned a little onto a hip, and curled into Castiel, who wrapped an arm around him and told him he was beautiful, told him he was loved, was perfect, had better go the fuck to sleep.  Dean chuckled wetly and nuzzled in.
“Good,” Michael said, dropping a kiss to his nose. “Because I wasn’t giving you a vote. And you’re one to talk. We had to scrape some of your brains off the floor downstairs with a putty knife just now.”
Dean bit his lower lip, turning it painfully red. His eyes were huge and alarmed. Dean clearly had no idea what was happening to him. Michael took a deep breath, kept his eyes locked, and shifted his hand slowly. At the first touch, Dean flinched again, but Michael shushed him sweetly, whispering, “Let me,” once more.
“I marked tomorrow’s dissertation defense down in stone, sir,” Mick told him. “Sarah asked me to remind you, so did alpha pastor Murphy, for that matter. Seems neither of them trusts you to remember on your own.”
Michael didn’t miss Dean’s crestfallen sag. That told him something, but he couldn’t risk making assumptions. Dean mattered too much to toy with.
“…but the only path to a freedom of any sort now lies down a path of hard effort and sweat. It’s going to be worth it in the long run. This is the hardest part right now, my dear. It will get easier. I promise.”
“April, please help Michael with tidying the kitchen.  I’ll see you in the morning.”  He pulled Dean out before the mates could say anything else.  There would be a re-settling to do over the tiny power struggle, but Cas wasn’t about to let it throw off his evening.
Dean dropped onto his elbows and settled in. Castiel’s scent had grown replete with a self-absorbed spikiness. Dean knew from experience that scent meant a long ordeal ahead. He didn’t know whether he had stoked the man on purpose or not. It didn’t matter just now.
Castiel clapped him on the back. “Go get cleaned up and rest. One more to go, and then it’s all over.” He handed Michael off to Charlie. “Call me if he drops,” he told her.
Sam’s face had turned bright red in the morning sunshine as he paced furiously beside the hotel pool with his phone to his ear.  Bobby ate his breakfast slowly and watched the man’s control slowly slip through his fingers.  Plate glass windows and a polished sliding door separated the bright, festive hotel breakfast room from the lounge area outside, but it wasn’t thick enough to keep Sam’s rising voice from penetrating in a garbled thrum.  At last, Sam ended the call and strode aggressively back toward their shared table.  Bobby flagged a server to refill Sam’s tepid coffee cup.
“Uh, yeah. That was me. We didn’t have much of a budget to produce it. We bought some stock footage, but a lot of that was all of us pitching in. Sam’s in there, and so is Cas. You want me to tell you where?”
Sarah looked between them and shrugged.  “I already know your ratings.  Whatever I say is bound to be slanted by what I know.”
Cas settled April on the bed, but she dropped off the end and back onto her knees like a silk robe flows from the edge of a bureau.  He set a benevolent hand atop her head and sat down on the bed to wait.
“Glad to hear it.  If it turned out that you couldn’t, we might need to assess if you are in the right classroom.”
“And I’m supposed to know when you want me in each version of this dynamic how exactly?  You’re going to keep quiet unless I think to ask?”
“The pups are waking up,” Dean told him.  He slipped into a soft pair of sweatpants and dried his hair with a towel.
“Here, Michael.  Grab this one.”  Sam handed Michael the bag with chicken in it, and Michael took it from him and set it in the sink.  He moved to the side as Dean took over the prep.  Dean was so at home in this kitchen, he seemed to just flow – like a liquid.
Cas looked down and pulled both lips in between his teeth.  He glanced up at Dean without lifting his head.  “I’m sorry, Dean.  You’re right.”  Dean kicked his head back slightly to nudge Cas into offering Michael an apology too.  Castiel’s eyes flicked back at his fellow Dominant, and he sighed.
“What with your new god-like Dominance rating, the news about the big merger, and our last convention, we’re the darlings of the pointy-eared set again. We’re getting all kinds of interview requests.”
“So, somebody browbeat him into letting Sam and me in? That what I’m hearing?” Dean had an ear focused into the living room, but all he could hear was a muffled mumble of soft voices.
Dean took the most direct route home, obeying every traffic law on the books.  The Douglas County cop followed at a measured distance without flashers engaged.  Pulling onto the circular gravel drive, Dean parked out front and helped Michael walk on shaky knees to the front door.  Dale met them there, and it was the officer who rang the bell.  He had his citation pad in his hand, and he was going over tick-marks with the eraser side of his pencil as if clarifying for himself all the points he needed to make.  He looked nervous.
April clicked her tongue at her frustratingly stuffy Alpha.  “They spend all their time with apes, Cas.  Apes don’t read things as clearly as we do.”
”  Dean leaned his head enough to allow Michael better access and Michael obliged, huffing a laugh.  “I’ll go first. How old are you?”
“It’s true. I concede the point, Winchester. She’s much more than a car. She’s family. And it hurts to see her infirm.”
April followed him, caught by Castiel’s clever lips and teeth upon the sensitive nerves on her shoulder.  Dean lapped eagerly at the slick Michael’s body produced, and then he kneed up behind him and buried his cock to the hilt in his mate’s channel, snapping his hips powerfully forward, only to pull back out slowly and do it again.  Castiel sat up and got to his feet.  He pulled April out from under Michael with his hands beneath her shoulders, and he let Michael fall gracelessly to his elbows.  Pressing April down into the same position facing Michael, Cas took to his knees too.  He snatched up one of the foil packets near his foot and rolled the condom over his cock with a snarl of distaste.  He shifted forward on his knees, swiped his hand gently through the slick at April’s inner thigh and coated himself in her moisture.  He entered his mate from behind, mirroring the other couple.
April lit up the stage when the cameras turned onto her once more. She sang her show anthem, the one she’d written with Castiel in mind, the one Cain expected her to win a Tony for, and she held nothing back. Gone was the warbly, unpracticed voice of her eleven-year-old self. Gone was the self-doubt that held her hostage when she tried to dress herself in her hotel room. Gone was the myth that Omegas don’t belong onstage under hot lights and millions of eyes. April’s fingers flew. Her eyes flashed, glinting gold at heightened moments of the chorus. Her voice thundered with passionate outrage, driving the point – her plight as a second-class nobody – from fiction to reality, coming on the heels of her polite chastisement of an industry that considered her invisible.
“Thank you, Billie.  It’s comforting to know the Facility is in good hands.  That’s the meeting folks.  You’re dismissed.”  The phone blipped with disconnections through the conference call, and everyone in the room shuffled about.
“No, it was real. I can’t defend it though. I was unconscious at the time. I don’t have any proof. All I know is that I
Sam shook his head slowly. “You proposed to him, Novak. You’re damned right this is on you. I don’t care what you have to do. You’re going to fix this. Whatever fucked up bullshit you’ve been putting him through, stop it and straighten up. No one fucks with my brother, goddamnit! No one. You’re going to go home tonight, and you’re going to reassure Dean that you’re there for him no matter what.”
Michael sighed, rubbed his aching forehead.  He released Dean’s hips and disappeared around the kitchenette wall to look for aspirin.  Dean adding a dose of the complicated reality of their pack dynamics to his hangover was not how he’d hoped to spend the morning.  Rules of the game: don’t ask the question if you don’t want to hear the answer.  Michael reminded himself to remember that one.
They settled back in, Dean draped into the ‘V’ of Castiel’s legs and situated to drool across his belly as he slept, but Cas didn’t mind a little slobber.  It took no time at all for the alpha to fall asleep.  They’d already tried scening to get him there, but a penitent sleepy Submissive was a different flavor than the satisfied sleepy Submissive they’d begun the night with.  Cas ran tender fingers through Dean’s hair in awe at the man’s endless complexities.
“Shit,” Dean mumbled. “I was afraid of that.” He dried his hands, untied his apron, and hurried out of the kitchen. He approached Castiel’s office tentatively, slowing as he rounded the open doorway. Cas looked up from his phone and gestured him in.
“Yes, Daddy,” Adam said, sure of himself. “You’re not going to hurt me. I trust you.” Michael felt the burst of some kind of chemical response wash through his cells at the Omega’s response. It felt so good his knees nearly buckled, and he moaned, closing his eyes for a moment. So fucking good. There it was. That was the thing. That was what Michael craved, that zing. He felt his wolf feast brazenly within his chest, and he knew Adam could feel it too.
“You think I would be intimidated into rolling over when I know you’d flay me for it?  Dean, I’m on your side here.  I’m asking you to trust me and Alpha both.  I’m asking you to let us explore whatever this is and find some answers.  Hell, come with me to the interviews!”
She whimpered, and Cain snarled ferociously.  And then he was on her.  He flattened her body to the bed as his knees pressed outward against the insides of her thighs.  His cock sank straight into her channel with no ugly thrusting, and he braced his grip against both of her shoulders.  She cried out and struggled to get her knees beneath her, but his hips thrust hard, and she stayed flat.  The musculature of Cain’s thighs proved that he meant to nail her in place and pin her there.  He quivered slightly until she stopped squirming.  Engaging his thighs, Cain pulled back to slam back down into her, and he growled menacingly.
“I didn’t!” Michael protested staunchly.  “None of that happened!  We’re not together!  It wasn’t a negotiation at all!  We were just talking!”
“God, the pair of you.  Excuse me.  I need to go throw up.”  Billie scooped her papers into a pile and left without a backward glance.
“Dean. It’s not contractual. You attend when you can. Come on, did you really want to raise your pups with no spiritual guideposts?” Michael shifted so that they were holding hands again.
“It’s no secret,” said a quiet voice at the end who had been silent up to now. “That no one in this room lets their Ozzies suffer that way.”
The nurse huffed a laugh. “Crazy, right? Where did they all come from? Not every sector has nine beds, but it’s still a fuck ton of desperate kids. Happens every seven years, so we have a Septennial plan. Funny thing though, the plan sits gathering cobwebs while new administrators who don’t know a cycle from their own asshole come in and tell us old-timers that were here seven years ago that it’s all a myth. They don’t staff up. They don’t warehouse extra supplies. They don’t put the town’s certified alpha contractors on notice. Nothing. And then, cycle after cycle, round after round, all hell breaks loose, and these morons are surprised all over again.”
Bobby nodded.  “We got a long road to go to fix this, Gabriel.  They know it was you in there.  That’s why I had to break cover myself.  Alpha and me, we’re gonna protect you, but you HAVE to stay put, do you hear me, Omega?  Do not leave this house – no matter what you set your mind to doing.  Do I have to put a Claim on you myself to get you to obey me?”
“Almost, Michael,” Dean goaded him, thrusting in tiny pulses again.  “Try again.  You can do better.”
“Look, I know I was possessive and controlling, and I threatened to tear his balls off if he flirted with you…”
“No, man.  Michael doesn’t need the tease.  Just bring yourself.  I’ll see you in a bit…just gotta track down my mate.  He took off with Balthazar to plan a fuck-fest that I’m sure I’ll live to regret.”  Dean took out his phone and began tapping into it.
“Nah, I don’t care. I can’t really picture Michael standing naked in front of thousands of people and ever forgiving you for making him do that.”
Cas’ hand suddenly found need to cover his mouth and nose, but his eye crinkles gave him away.  Dean winked at him.
“Hm,” Cas responded.  “I need to go see what’s on the internet, it seems.  I thought there were limits to the degree of lewdness allowed on public platforms.”
“Come in Bobby.  Real slow.”  Benny spoke through the door.  The lock clicked from the outside, and the door cracked open.  Bobby’s head peeked through, followed by his body.  After Bobby, and guarded by Bobby’s bulk, came a man, an alpha of medium build.  Cas drew himself to full height and postured at the man for all he was worth, snarling.  Sam and Benny joined Bobby wordlessly as a human shield between the two alphas.  Cole resumed his place by the door.
There's a new kind of scene in this chapter, but the tags have been there all along, so I hope we're all copacetic.  It's not going to be a common occurrence, but living in close proximity might mean more of this kinda thing than I originally intended.  I dunno.  I just work here.
He made it with three minutes to spare and a sweat-soaked body.  Sam huffed his breath back down.  He doused his face with water in the restroom and took a chair in the back corner as far from the majority of students as he could get.  It was a small class.  They had room to avoid him.  Most of them chose to do so.
“That I’m here right now?”  Dean looked over his shoulder.  His body melted into the padded surface.
“Dog parks allow us more liberty from social constraints, Sarah,” Dean put in.  “But any public park would be just as safe with one or more of us watching.  No one’s going to approach a wolf pup whose parents are nearby.  The early years of a pup’s life are all about learning trust.  We have to be worthy of that trust in everything we do and everyone we allow near them.  Pups can tell when they’re in perilous conditions versus when they are instructed to hug Grandma but don’t want to.  Your species is right to allow children their own boundaries and their own voices.  But you gotta make allowances for how we’re built different.  This is why one set of laws governing both species doesn’t work.  We aren’t the same as you.  Deep, deep inside – way down at our core – we’re different.”
Castiel eyed him with contempt and suspicion.  “If you truly wish to understand, we can show you.  I’ve heard your offensive diatribes.  I’ve been dealing with people like you my whole life,” he snarled.  “You assume that every strength acquired by someone you don’t know is a strength ripped from you and yours.  Your disgusting beliefs can’t stand up to the light of day, so you surround yourselves with darkness and mutter fear into each other’s ears.  You long to mean something lasting, but you live a life so small, you can’t even convince
Dean spluttered.  “Yeah,” he choked out on the tail end of his coughing.  “Yeah, I’m good.  Look, you don’t have to ask each question four times.  We talked about this already.  Go.  Set it up.  I’ll be there.”
“Yep.”  Sam took the empty bottle away from his sleepy son.  “Okay, well, full disclosure, Castiel thinks we aren’t, and he’s right more often than he’s wrong, but he wasn’t there.  I know what I felt.”
“Gabe and Kali might slink out of the H/R room, but they’re not going to be hanging around the living room with us any time soon.  Sam’s busy with the twins.  We still have the house basically to ourselves.  Do you want to celebrate the good news with me a bit?  I’m itching for a really intense scene.”
“Oh. Well thanks for killing that line of fantasy for me. I was hoping he’d sweep in like James Bond someday wearing a tux and have a shoot out on the back lawn.” Dean was clearly crestfallen at the revelation, but Castiel rolled his eyes, and Michael laughed at his mate’s imagination.
Michael smirked a side-eye at him and cocked an eyebrow.  He pulled a fresh cloth from the table, wet it, wrung it out and began cleaning his alpha before he spoke.  Dean leaned back and straightened, spreading his legs to grant him access.  “You probably don’t want to hear the details, but I had a few mentors in college.  Girls mostly.  They let me try some things, and we played pretty hard sometimes.  Most of them didn’t believe I could Dom until I showed them, then all bets were off, and we got into some raunchy shit.  Couple of them were masochists.  Most of them were brats.  I feel confident that I’ve got
The mates spent the late morning serenely.  Each kept one eye on the other, Michael in awe of Dean’s easy rapport with his own staff, with the clients, with the new teams scattered across the continent who rang him up constantly for input on one question or another.  Dean had a habit of using his speaker to take the calls, so Michael got both sides of each conversation.  He enjoyed the irreverent humor that Dean wove into everything regardless of who was on the other end of the line.  It held just of touch of his stage persona – that same confidence and a little bit of swagger – and Michael couldn’t help wondering which persona came first.
“What’s so funny?” asked Michael, squirting a dollop of body wash into his hand and swiping it across Dean’s belly.
“Kid, you need to use what you have. It’s not cheating to take the advantages that are available to you. You think Nick didn’t get a leg up from the moneyed class? You think being college roommates with a guy whose family has Washington power brokers in its back pocket didn’t help him? You have your share of disadvantages that you can’t shake off, and in the end, it comes out pretty even. Go play the hell out of that audition. Make them listen to you and make them let you in. Use our prestige and our connections if you have to, especially if they try to throw that Omega crap at you. Make them take you seriously. Learn everything they have to teach you, and then get out there and make yourself into whatever you want to be. You’re eighteen, and you’re Mated to the most influential Lupin in the world. You have time and all those resources at your beck and call. Stop trying to be noble and use it.”
She broke her eyes away.  Shame suffused her face with a pink flush.  “He thinks I’m childlike, that I’m shallow and simple.  Sometimes I let him catch me at a clumsy manipulation attempt.”  She paused and frowned, unsure how much to say.  “The thing is, the only presentation that he responds to every time is the helpless waif.  He needs that from me.  It’s the tone that his Alpha is looking for.  It soothes him to have a ward to care for and direct.  Every other presentation is a struggle.  That has to mean something, doesn’t it?  He may claim he wants to know the real me, but every time I show him that, he goes off-kilter.  His human side loves it, but it’s the Alpha who runs the show between me and him, and the Alpha wants a child to care for.”
“All right.  Fair enough.  Dude, if it turns out that my mate is trying to cut your legs off at the knee, I’ll fucking castrate him myself.  Don’t think I’m going to stand beside him and let him tear apart everything we’re building.  But, Castiel, listen to me.  He’s NOT doing that.  He’s not.  You’ve read it wrong.  There’s no shame in that, babe.  I see now how it looked like that from where you’re standing.  I’m asking for your trust.  You hear me, C.J.?  I’m asking you to take a leap that feels wrong to you out of trust for me.  Can you do that?  For me?”
Dean leaned back against the counter and kept his eyes on the floor, thinking.  “Cas, do you really want to get married?  Are we doing to the right thing?”
“No, you didn’t. Even as mates, we still aren’t gonna be perfect. You need the training, and I need to take responsibility for myself.” Dean sat up. He faced Michael. “I made an appointment to talk to the shrink Pam sent me to. I’m going to start with once a week; see how it goes. It isn’t fair of me to let the brat do whatever it wants and abdicate all my behavior to you and Cas. I need to grow up.”
Dean answered him.  “Yeah, Michael.  Man, it’s gonna be up to you in the end.  If they ask for you, and it’s something we’re doing as a Pack, you can decide for yourself.  I’m not stuffing you in a closet, man.  I’m pretty sure I already told you that.  You gotta believe me and stop listening to your Pop.”
Dean huffed and started to protest, to deny, but Castiel’s eyes flashed red, and Dean got mad. Fuck Cas and his red eyes. He wanted the real deal? Fine. Dean’s eyes narrowed. The planes of his face hardened.
The playroom door closed on its spring, securing with a satisfying thud. Cas escorted Kate to the mattress pad and took her cloak. She scrambled up, all modesty abandoned as her Heat came crashing in on her. The scent of cycling Ozzie set the alphas’ nerves on edge. Sam’s too. No one remarked on it, but all of them breathed deeply, drawing it in, savoring the appeal.
There's a true Dub-Con in this chapter, so bail if that's a bad thing for you.  From the perspective of the story, it's still within bounds.  Some of you will think Cas is a dick after this one.  I still maintain he's the master trainer at work, but we can agree to disagree.
The contractors were all put on overtime to work the staff through the ramping stress.  Client appointments were rescheduled for the week, and everyone on site was mandated, by order of the Alpha, to attend a minimum of one Scene session, whether at home or at work.  Some of the staff were given daily appointments.  They couldn’t afford for anyone to shift out of balance.  Every hand, every mind, every body was needed, working at its highest capacity, and they all stepped up to meet the need.
Only then would Castiel raise his brow in stark command, fix Dean with a judgmental eye, demanding that he hold custody of Castiel’s property close to his protective alpha heart, and hand himself back to himself – on condition of course.  On condition that he kept the Alpha’s property safe and secure.  On the condition that if Dean fucked this up, he owed his ass and all of the rest to the Alpha.  It made so much sense to Dean that he shivered in anticipation.
“It’s just that…Primate culture is shifting toward acknowledgment that humans of all ages have the right to their own bodily autonomy.  We’re finally, communally, allowing even very young children to decide who touches them and how.  The speculation is that as children who’ve been taught that their bodies are their own grow to adulthood, they will be far less vulnerable to the kinds of abusive manipulation that pins victims in unhealthy relationships, uncomfortable saying no when they need to protect themselves.  But it seems that Lupin culture teaches children the exact opposite.  Do pups not warrant governance over their own bodies?”
“You said that DNS isn’t a log-scale, but Cas is the most Dominant Dom ever, and he just gets a twenty?  That’s barely higher than me and you.  That can’t be right.”  Dean could feel Castiel wanting to break in and explain it himself, so he shot the Alpha-Dom a look to ask him to stay out of it.
“That’s unacceptable,” Cas declared.  “I need to fix that.  You should never feel second-place in my life.  You aren’t second-place.”
“Come in the back with me, Michael.  What do you have in here by yourself that you won’t get there?”
“I don’t know what you’re asking me to do,” he told her simply.  “What exactly bugs you so much about how I am around Kate?  You don’t have anything to worry about, April.  I’m not going after her; not now, not ever.”
April blinked rapidly and lost her powers of speech momentarily before squeaking out a, “Yes, Sir. And…and the punishment?”
are a sweet, gentle person who sometimes needs to be reminded of that fact.  HE’S a genuine dick who can’t help himself.”
Bobby upended his glass, draining the last of it. “You’re the boss, boss. Oh, and by the way, the cleanup in Las Vegas was easy. There’s no trail that leads back to Minnesota. All of that clusterfuck is tidied up and swept clean. We’re spotless. The girls are stashed safely, and to your orders, they’re out of the game until further notice – at least until we’re sure they aren’t on any Federal tracking boards. Christian has the Omega rescuees in a safehouse ready to get started on rehabilitation. It looks good, Cas. We’ve got a solid win on our hands with this one, even with the fire getting a bit out of control. Gabe and Claire, they pulled those sorry sons-a-bitches right out of the real fire and gave them a fighting chance.”
Michael shifted his shoulders and suddenly assumed more space in the room than he had done before. “There’s a difference, Dean. There’s a difference between whatever pile of slavering idiots is sitting outside your doorstep waiting to poke at a piece of the freak Omega versus the people in this room. Tell me there’s not a difference. Do you trust your colleagues or not?”
“Knock it off, Winchester. Everybody fucks up. You get punished for it yet?”  She scratched at his scalp gently.
Dean didn’t talk much, but he listened.  Michael came apart slowly.  He was already firmly Secondary when they began, so Dean didn’t need to watch for the acceptance as he usually did.  Michael wasn’t tensely holding out for a reprieve before finally succumbing to the needs of his Omega designation.  He was already there.  But the Omega still had a journey to make, and Dean was paving his path brick by raging hot brick.  Michael’s breathing paced along mindfully for a time, but as Dean’s palm heated, and Michael ran out of virgin skin to redden, his breathing took on a chaotic quality.  He needed to cry, Dean could sense it through their Mating-bonds.  But Michael had never really cried during a spanking from his alpha mate before, and he seemed unsure how to make it happen.
“I did, and I’m sticking to that.  I like the way it works when you have to think about what’s available to you rather than run straight to jerking off.”
“Thank you.  Here’s the second part.  I’m not here to change you.  I’m not going to ask you to push past any of your limits or try anything you don’t want to do.  I won’t knot you again without talking to you about it first.  I promise to play only in private places.  BUT.  I expect you to be honest with me when we play.  Don’t pretend to hate something that you love just because you are uncomfortable in the fact that you enjoy it.  I will keep you safe, as you do me.  Your secrets are safe.  Your insecurities are safe.  Your kinks and predilections are safe.  Of course, your body is somewhat less safe, but that’s the price we pay.”
“That cold, detached tone may work on Dean, Sir, but it doesn’t do anything for me except put my back up.  I’m not trying to be disrespectful.  I thought you would be interested to know how I respond as an Omega.”  Michael had his head down, but he was looking up at an angle to catch the shift of wind if he needed it.  There was outright defiance in the steel of his voice.  He wasn’t responding as an Omega at all.  Castiel watched him carefully.  It was odd for an Omega so close to Heat to find himself stuck in his Tertiary wolf.  Michael just seemed to do everything backwards.
Dean bit his lip and sank into position, Castiel’s position. His eyes found the door as it opened. Michael stepped back with a small gasp, suddenly unsure. Castiel was fully dressed and appeared completely composed. He scented the air subtly and let his eyes close slowly for a moment before fixing them on Dean who blinked.
“Is this an ultimatum?” he asked on a downward inflection, but she pulled his head up with a palm beneath his chin.
“Oh, well, the invitation was so sudden,” she demurred.  “I would hate to have to scrounge up something from last season, but your brother really was quite the cad to spring it on me at the last moment.  And
“You taste so good, Baby Boy,” Dean told his mate, diving back in for another taste, shoving up with his feet for a better reach, pulling at their tie in a way that made them both moan and made Dean’s cock pulse another driving round of come home where it belonged. Michael whimpered and rounded up on his side just a bit, striving to keep Dean’s mouth on his own. “You gonna catch, Love? You gonna give me a pup? I wanna share a family with you so bad.” Dean’s eyes teared back up, and Michael couldn’t help joining him. Michael snuffled into the kiss and doubled down, opening to the alpha, and letting him in, letting him claim his prize.
Dean complied without hesitation.  He was so turned on, he felt like begging, but Cas had told him to wait and be asked for his opinions, and he hadn’t asked yet.  Dean wanted so badly to be good.  Cas hummed happily.
Sam and Jess get to know the newest Winchesters, Crowley's pacing in frustration, and oh yeah, someone's still in cycle.
Michael watched him from across the kitchen.  “I usually start out a cycle as an Omega,” he admitted.  “You watched over us when we Mated, didn’t you, Sir?” he asked carefully.  “How did you know we wouldn’t spark up again at the hospital the way we did at the rest stop?  Was that just chance?”
Cas scratched his head down near his neck.  “You’re in dire need right now, sweet one.  Why didn’t you tell me?”
Cas cleared his throat with a pointed look at Dean that had April sitting up straighter.  The Alpha regarded the bearded man at the microphone.  “It’s important for us to keep in mind,” he said regally, “that Lupins played no part in building the structures of this modern society.  We did not design any of its great cities.  We built no roads, no universities, no libraries, no hospitals, no businesses, no institutions of great renown until the last two centuries or so.  The history of civilization thrived for millennia without us.  We are late comers to this modern world, and upon our arrival, we took full advantage of what was already here.  It is a matter of opinion as to whether that saddles us with a responsibility to assimilate or not.  I believe that to a degree, it does.  One does not move into someone else’s home and demand they plant an oak tree in their living room.
“I do,” Michael told her firmly. “We call in the damn cavalry, and we buy you some time to refuel. Love, you’re tired. That’s all this is. You’re spent. But you’ll feel better after a break. Maybe one nap isn’t enough to re-set you, but give me a chance to shuffle some things around, and I’ll get you more than that. Trust me, Pete. This isn’t your fault. You’re not failing. You’re doing an amazing job mothering those pups and showing the world your brilliance at the same time. You’re a terrific mate, an amazing musician, a damn good cook, and a sexy-as-fuck girlfriend, and you’re exhausted. Someone else can walk the damn dog. Someone else can wrap the presents. Let me take care of you for today. Take your clothes off. Shower first.”
“It’s not really time for my lunch break, and I’m not very good company right now,” Michael confessed with what he felt was an award-winning level of restraint.  “I just needed some air.  Where’s Dean?”
“Vivid,” Cas remarked.  “Are you sure Kali did a thorough job?  Roll over, I want to see the marks.”
“I’m in no mood for impertinence, Dean.” He actually was. He really, really was. Castiel’s wolf was snarling like a caged tiger. “You asked for a scene. Drop the clothes and place yourself correctly before I decide to do it for you.”
Castiel reached a hand across the table, and Dean took it, squeezing a little.  His eyes flicked up to meet his Alpha’s, letting Cas see the struggle in them.  It wasn’t an easy capitulation, but it was battle Dean wanted to wage on himself, on his self-destructive tendencies.  He wanted to team up with Cas to battle from the opposite side for once, and it felt good to make that choice.  He saw gratitude and relief in Cas’ eyes.  He saw adoration and pride.  He squeezed Castiel’s hand again.
“Dean, what’s going on?” Sam asked. The rest of the partygoers made a wide circle around the Pack, equally curious.
Michael paused long enough to engender a rise in room temperature as Castiel’s brow went up and he shifted incrementally forward, waiting impatiently.  Michael swallowed and risked a glance up into Castiel’s red-rimmed eyes, a move that turned out to be a mistake.  Castiel wasn’t amused.
“That’s because you’re anything but stupid,” he confirmed staunchly. “And what you do with music…Kitten, I’m completely lost most of the time. I watch you working, and I’m in awe. You disappear inside the notes, and the sense I get through our bond is breathtaking. I could watch you for hours. I’ve loved music all my life, but it’s never felt like this before you played that piano in our house. You bring emotions out of me that I never knew were there. You let it sweep you up and take you far away, and I have the privilege of riding along with you, totally out of my element and totally immersed in something I could never reach on my own.”
“You have to get permission from Cas, not me,” he reminded her.  “Would Jess have to know you’re digging into her personal files?”
“All right,” Dean sighed. “You win. We’ll get with Charlie and Ellen and work you in. I want you to start in the seminars first though, not the conventions. And you don’t go anywhere without me or Cas right beside you. And Michael? Man, I mean stitched hip to hip. You can answer questions about your own experiences, but you’re to follow every damn one of our instructions throughout. Anyone gets outta line, and you can expect their ass to be tossed out onto the street without a fucking refund. Don’t go trying to be an expert on shit you don’t know. No grandstanding. No showing off. Act up even a little, and it all stops, and I mean on a dime. I will haul you bodily from the stage if I don’t get the obedience from you that I need.”
Cas wrapped a supportive hand around Dean’s arm at his armpit to keep him from having to hold himself up.  Dean pulled one knee up to give himself something to push against, but the surface of the tub was slick and hard, and he couldn’t get a good footing.  He slipped suddenly and fell back down to submerge beneath the water with a messy sloshing wave over the sputtering candles.  He emerged with a cough that turned into a laugh.
, and April waited patiently for the right bars.  They’d arranged it to skip the frilly entrance, leading right into its grandiose processional.  Stepping off with a tiny arrangement of lilies at her side, April glided forward, looking like a vision.  People watched her in awe.  Castiel nearly forgot to step off himself, entranced by her beauty and her grace.  Benny touched his arm.
“Oh really? My knees? Just like that? Shouldn’t you at least buy me dinner first?” Jody shot back. She still couldn’t get a read on her wolf, and she wanted to wait it out.
“Castiel James, is it?” he asked, craning his head and scrunching his chin to look into her face.  “How did I earn such an honor?”
“What about my Alpha?” she asked timidly.  “My mate?  Is he going to be angry with me?  Charlie said to let you…  That is…”  April began to worry herself into tensing up, shoving toward the end of the bed as if to flee the scene of her ‘crime.’  “She said I should let you have me.  Like that other beta, before.  But you weren’t like him.”  She was beginning to cry now, panicking in the wake of too many hormones, and reaching toward Charlie.  “Oh God!  Oh, Charlie, what’d I do?!”
“Oh, Christ. You gotta learn to lighten up. We’ll stop by campus and go to the coffee house. They’ve got some kind of health-drink crap. You can get a kale smoothie or something. There’s no way he’ll object to that.”
Dean’s knees gave out, trapping Michael’s hand beneath him, and the Dom chuffed an amused laugh, pulling free and licking between his fingers. He ruffled Dean’s hair.
I have tears in my eyes from laughing so hard at my alpha who asked me if I'm almost through writing this story.  Um, no.  No, I'm not even close.  I will probably have to cut into several and set it up as a series eventually, but, no. Not anywhere close to finished.
“Okay.  I’ll concede that, and I’m going to alter our pack rules.  I’m adding a sixth that requires all Winchester pack wolves to adhere to applicable laws.  You shouldn’t have to be told that, but it looks like you were planning to use its omission as a loophole to get out of trouble.  What about rule five?”
“What?” he asked.  “What kinda talk is that?  Of course you’ll make it to February.  You’re not dying, Naomi.  Don’t play victim with me.  We don’t know how you’re going to handle the effects of losing touch with your beta, but we do know that it’s going to take a long time – a long time of hard, gritty work on your part – before it gets its teeth into you.  And in a few months, who knows?  I don’t read tea leaves, but I’m half expecting April to produce a litter when her turn rolls around.  I know Cas wants a big family.  You can be there for that.  You missed out on your sons.  Don’t miss the grandkids, too.”
“If you don’t want to talk to the media, Cas and I will protect you.  You don’t have to talk to them at all.  Do you think you can just walk with me?  Just walk the red carpet and stand beside me?”
Cas didn’t give.  “Billie, your experience, your integrity, your presence, and your initiative…I need all of these to help us get where we’re going.  I don’t take you for granted; quite the opposite in fact.  What we did in placing Bela where we did had the potential to go disastrously wrong.  It was critical that the number of people involved be minimized, and it was critical that you be on the outside.  You are my public face to the world.  You
Sam’s chin lifted in a nod of recalcitrant acknowledgment. His lips formed a hard, tight line. “Yes, Sir,” he answered stiffly. He rocked to his feet. “May I go?”
April had the same fall coming. She was pulled ever more tightly between responsibilities, all of which meant a great deal to her, none of which could take second chair to the others. With the shared Grammy nomination now highlighting her name to the general public, barely a day passed without a call or text from New York that sent her whirling into another anxiety attack. Unlike Dean though, April wore out before she fully tumbled, and Cas had tucked her into bed with a soft blanket and a fluffy dog.
“Breathe, Becky.  You’re done.  You did it, and you’re all right.  Come here to me.”  His voice was still all Alpha, but the wolf was gone.  She hiccupped, waddling a little as she turned, and dove into his arms.  He held her and smoothed her hair.  “Shh.  You’re okay.  What did you learn this morning?”
“ALPHA!” Claire screamed back, lifted wholesale over the security alpha’s shoulder and hoisted right out of the office. She kicked and pummeled him the entire way to the stairwell, screeching.
without you. Don’t beat yourself up, Alpha. This is no different than any other mistake you’ve made in the past. You fix what you can, you learn from it, and you do better next time. Right?”
Jack shouted in alarm and dodged around behind the tree, using its trunk as a shield as Ketch launched himself in feral rage at the alpha. Benny had time to drop one foot back to support his stance and raise his arms to catch the man, but they crashed to the ground, a mass of writhing arms and legs. Benny’s red eyes gleamed as they caught the light, and the once seemingly placid man snarled and snapped like the fighter he was.
“Maybe. But we’re not going to make any wrong moves. Michael understands his role. He’s not going to fuck this up. Look at us, man.” Dean laughed. “We switched places. Thought I was the irrational one. But I’m loving this. Jesus, they’re gorgeous.”
“Of course, Dean. I’m your mate and your Omega. I go where you go. But would you at least leave the door open to change your mind? You might not; I get that. I’m asking you not to make any big announcements that might feel tough to walk back if you thaw some between now and then. Just keep an open mind. That’s all I ask.”
“Not much,” Heath said. “Just that it was dark a lot, and he was often cold and hungry. I don’t think I’ve ever heard him mention any adults in his life before us. Is he going to be okay?”
Bobby could tell something was eating his favorite PhD candidate at their check in meeting that evening at Zeke’s bar. Castiel was quieter than usual, and he didn’t want to shoot the breeze. Bobby pressed him.
“You move too slowly, Castiel.  You always feel that critical point when it comes along, the point when it’s time to act, but you don’t do it.  You wait.  You always wait, and the time slips by, and then it’s too late.  If it had been left to you we would still be living alone in your suite at The Facility.  We wouldn’t have a pack at all!  I get being careful, but you’re not careful, you’re afraid to jump.  You’re a coward, Castiel, and someone had to act.”
Sarah tried not to laugh, but it burst out anyway.  What a bitch.  She wondered again what it would be like to have Jess as a friend.  Never dull, probably.
“Yes, I do. Dean, I’ve had eyes on your dad since he waltzed out. Who do you think pays his medical bills? His rent? He hasn’t held a job in ten years. I know exactly where John is.”
Sadly, Kate confessed, “I always feel the impulse to go back home…just to make it stop hurting. I need my alpha.”
Dean didn’t need an explanation though.  He smiled kindly at her.  “I’m sorry, too.  We were bound to need an adjustment period,” he told her.  “Once you cotton on to the nuances, you’re never going to break a rule again.  I can see your brain working on it from here.  We’re going to be good for you and you for us.  Don’t sweat it.  We’re done here.  No hard feelings.  No lingering resentments.  We all let it go.  I forgive you.  You forgive me?”
He scratched the side of his face absently. “Ms. Blake, do you consider yourself a crusader, an investigative reporter, a researcher, or a scientist?”
And there was the real cause of Michael’s irritation.  He’d been arguing with Pete long enough now that they’d begun going in circles.
Then his phone chirped, and he was on it like a duck on a June bug.  “It’s Gabe!  He’s out!  Dean, he’s sending an address.  We need to get there fast, though.  He says he’s not secure.”
“While I appreciate your uncertainty, Omega,” Cas replied evenly. “I’ve had it with the tone.” Dean’s head came up from scanning a tablet in his hands in one of the front bench seats along the side of the coach. He looked back and forth between the two of them.
“Your attention, please!” Castiel called, his eyes leaving Dean and casting about. “Your attention, folks! Settle down for a moment, please.” Cas waited for everyone to quiet, many guests shuffling in from the foyer and the kitchen so they could see and hear him. “I thank you all for coming to help me celebrate my birthday. I’m sure many of you know how grateful I am that you all went so out of your way to make the occasion momentous.”
He pulled into a gas station in Richardson to fill the tank and stock up on snacks, taking offense at the judgmental looks he got from Cas at his selection of beef jerky and Big Red.  “This is road food, and I don’t want to hear it.  Road trip equals road food.  Period.”
April didn’t reply right away. Alex practiced standing upright on her lap with her hands circling his torso. He bounced up and down on her thighs and grinned at her. She smiled back, encouraging him. She broke the silence without looking away from the pup.
“I’ll do that,” said Cas, moving in for a kiss that messed up Dean’s carefully gelled hair.  “And when we get home, we’re getting a dog.”
“It’s not as hopeless as it seems,” said Dean, grabbing the darts from their bracket, and taking a spot behind the line.
“OW!” he exclaimed as she struck the same spot for the fifth time in a row.  It wasn’t fair.  None of this was fair.
“And Lisa’s,” Jack pointed out.  “I mean, I’m barely above Charlie in rank at all.  But Lisa, she’s alpha.  You’re not still steamed about her, are you?  Benny made it pretty clear what he thinks.”
Sam entered the store through sliding glass doors, annoyed at himself.  He was halfway through the recipe before he realized he’d forgotten to buy heavy cream.  It wasn’t Alfredo without cream.  If he’d stayed at The Facility he could have raided the kitchen there, but instead he’d gone home over the weekend while Dean was in New York.
Michael set his jaw, or at least, his wolf did.  Dean watched the storm of denial cross his face.  Michael’s wolf didn’t like the implication one bit.  Dean wondered if he still held out a morsel of hope that one day Dean’s connection with their Alpha might slip into something less intimate.  Plenty of Packs had more than one alpha, and none of them were married to each other.
“No, Michael. I’m fine. You fought hard, but it wasn’t me you were fighting. I’m so proud of you. No one’s ever done anything like that for me before. You beat him. Drubbed him into the dirt like a dog and sent him scurrying back to his cave to pout. It was incredible.” She laughed gleefully, her eyes alight.
“That’s not very ladylike, Alpha,” observed Dean, stretching and leaving to fetch a cloth.  He snapped the bolt loose on the door as he sauntered past.
April’s eyes widened in terror when she realized what she’d said.  She scrambled backward into Dean’s body, and he tightened his hold.
“Are you ready, dear?”  The doctor’s tone was much gentler on Ellen’s nerves.  “I’m not going to drop her, and neither are you.  Just trust me.”  The doctor switched her attention to Bill’s pale face.  “Still doing okay, alpha?  All you have to do is hold onto your mate.  I’m not going to let anyone get hurt.”
Dean stalled, staring at his husband’s back.  Cas stood facing the Parlor, not leaving, but not giving him anything either.
Fred nodded serenely.  “It is, as I said, not something I have any experience with.  Perhaps the time to get familiar with him from the inside is not when your arousal is at its peak, but rather, while he’s at rest, while he’s sated, perhaps.”
The formal was really quite a lot of fun now that the unknowns were all known.  The Winchesters shared a table with Miles after dinner, and he turned out to be much less stodgy with a few drinks in him.  Also, he was free to talk, and that lightened him right up.
“Not really. I just thought I’d ask. Try not to focus on him though.” Castiel grimaced and then shook his head. “Yeah, never mind. That’s stupid. Forget I said anything. Stay at home, Dean. That’s all I can ask of you.” Cas turned in Dean’s arms and touched their foreheads together. They breathed each other in, and each closed his eyes independent of the other.
Charlie had frozen in shock, staring in disbelief at Benny, her fork clutched like a dagger in her fist.
“On your feet.  Turn around.  Clear the desk.”  He was suddenly all business.  Cole shuffled around a bit by the door, getting his cell phone in order.  Sulking.  Benny gave Ellen enough time to make a clean space on the desk.  “Kick your shoes off and put your palms flat on the desk.”  She complied wordlessly.
“Work diligently.  Ask for help when you’re stumped.  Take the breaks you need and don’t neglect your body or your son.  I would point out that in this house, it needn’t ever have come to the point that you became distraught over learning Omega physiology without at least
“Alphas do that kind of thing when they’re on the nest, Michael.  It’s classic posturing behavior.  They need to advertise that they knocked up some poor schmuck by walking around coated in their mate’s fluids.  You’re overthinking it.  Dean’s a hedonist, like me.  He’s never been one to turn the volume down on a scene if he’s got a partner who’s willing to play it up all the way to eleven.  He got carried away.  Doesn’t mean he’s trying to sabotage his own restrictions.  Doesn’t mean he was hoping the audience would storm the backstage rooms hunting you down.”
“Very well.  Stand then.  Kali, please don’t misunderstand.  I don’t have a full picture yet, but the test today has set off an aggressive response in you, and I’d like to make sure I understand that at least a little before I send you home to vent your spleen inappropriately on my brother.  Is there any danger you might do that?”
“Very well, I’ll call you Jim. Jim, you seem to be of the mistaken impression that an ‘Anything goes’ D/s scene means that you’re at liberty to assault a person without consequences.”
Mating sex wasn’t like every day sexual expressions. It was transactional, a Claim. And as such, only rarely did the Bottom partner receive direct attention meant to grant them release for its own sake. For Kaia to deliberately see to Claire’s pleasure before completing her own connection spoke all that Cas needed to know about her as a person and as a mate for this girl he felt so responsible for.
“You and Jess make a lovely couple, Sam.  I’m happy for you both.  I understand that most Traditional Lupins wait for a True-Mate.  You and Jess are True-Mates?”
Not a manager. You have five seconds to make yourself scarce.” Dean imbued his words with as much disdain as he could get into them, and he flashed red eyes up at the contemptuous upstart hovering above him.
“And the pups?” she asked cautiously with a hand on the sheer drape in the window. Her room overlooked the side yard, out toward the duck pond.
“Then it’s merely a matter of time, Sir.  Dean may not like me, but he’ll come to trust me eventually.  I have nothing to hide.  And as for April…Alpha, I can only try to express what I have planned for that young lady.  She’s going to be however big she wants to be.  The sky’s the limit.  I won’t rest until she has everything she’s ever dreamed of.”
“Just a quick O.T.K.”  Dean was already pulling his shirt over his head after unbuttoning the top couple.  “Just get me present and clear my head.”
“Morning, Becky,” he said cheerfully, leaning against the desk.  “Cas wanted us here at ten.  Do you know where I can find him?”
His eyes shifted from far away to meet Jessica’s, and he caught her smiling. Slowly, he smiled back. “She wrote me a song, and she sang it to me for my birthday,” he repeated in wonder. “It was amazing. It was beautiful. She’s very talented.” He bit his lip slightly and frowned. “She’s really very talented, Jess. You have no idea.”
She blinked through an adrenalin rush.  She’d practiced up in her room.  She’d been imagining how it would feel, but with his piercing blue eyes on her, everything fled her brain, and she couldn’t think.  He waited calmly.
“I fucked up, Sir.  Please set me straight.”  Dean’s ass was already in full presentation, his legs quivering with how long he had stood there leaning into the wall, Castiel’s spunk dribbling down his legs.
“Are you going to sing for me again?” Cas asked. He sounded hopeful. He sat forward and let Dean sit almost in his lap with the guitar positioned across Dean’s folded legs. Cas wrapped his arms around the Sub, behind the guitar, finding it impossible to stop touching him, even if they couldn’t consummate the desire.
And to think, the majority of the heat of pain that lingered into the morning had been from Adam, the straight little Ozzie who swung a strap like a Roman charioteer.  Dean snickered to himself, still flush with endorphins, still floating just a bit, still thrilled with the circumstances of Universist Balance that put him right here after starving him for so long.
“ANNA!” It came from all directions in stereo, but only Charlie continued on, “Wow, Omega!  Is that really you?”
“Oh, Dean,” Cas said mournfully. “That wasn’t what last night was about. I can’t. I can’t do it. The contract stays or we don’t scene. That’s always been a hard limit, my love.”
“I don’t know. He’s never been like this before, but he’s never had to reconcile the self-loathing at his core with the obvious evidence that he’s valued and loved before, not like this. A wedding kind of makes you stand face to face with the idea that someone loves you in a way that Mating doesn’t. We’re not built for marriage, Michael. I want him so badly, but I don’t know how to make him accept me. I don’t know how to reassure him that I’m not about to change my mind. His psyche expects to be able to feel surety, but marriage doesn’t offer us that link.” Cas let his head fall into his hands for just a minute.
Michael halted abruptly at the bottom step, nearly bowling into Jody from behind as he left the stairway into the main lobby.  She’d stopped dead with her first view out the front sliding glass doors and vaulted windows.  There were people everywhere.  Hundreds of them.  Maybe thousands.  The parking lot overflowed with a milling, spiraling flood of people all crammed closely together.  Michael gaped, coming up to stand beside Jody.  The throng seemed to be moving right up toward the doors where a line of security personal stood forming a solid line facing outward.
“Yes, I spoke to him this morning,” Cas replied. “I told him to take the rest of the week to recover. With the Andersons arriving tomorrow and Fred out sick, I ask those of you who can lend a hand to help with our Pack’s hospitality while we have guests. You can expect to be asked to cover some of the household duties as needed.”  Castiel’s formality triggered Gabe to launch a dinner roll at his head, but Cas caught it mid-air and tore it in half before spreading butter on it and handing half to April. “Gabriel, you win the chore of stocking the Guest House pantry and refrigerator. Do not throw food at my table. Children, do not emulate Uncle Gabriel. He is no role-model. Jimmy, eat your green beans. Sam, please don’t leave this evening without discussing your mate’s bruises with me. She has a court appearance tomorrow, and as a representative of the ACRI, she is expected to make a positive impression on the court, not limp about like a paddled child.”
For now, there was no squabbling over track pieces or favorite train cars. Kat directed the layout, Emma played quartermaster, sifting through track sections and handing out the appropriate bit when called for, Alex connected the track pieces, and Jimmy provided musical accompaniment, lying out on his belly and watching.
“All right, little girl,” Cas whispered. “It’s time for you to go to bed. If you’re not tired, just close your eyes and count numbers in your head.”
He breathed deeply, grounding his feet, clenching his fingers into the soft cushion.  “Is it?” he asked softly.  He felt achingly sad suddenly.  What the fuck was wrong with him, and when had he become so very lost?
I can’t handle on my own, and every day he steps in when I’m flying apart and pulls me back together.  All it’s going to take is one chance occurrence, one misstep, and he’ll put a stop to the little bit of self-regulation I have, and I’ll be an Ozzie and nothing more.  I’m so tangled.  I never meant for this to happen, but my brain sends words through my mouth that I don’t even know have a greater purpose until days, sometimes weeks, later.  We all have three distinct personality aspects, right?  Well, everyone keeps an eye on my second and third, and no one has even thought twice about the first.  It’s bigger than I am.  It’s a ring master just like you, I’m sure of it, but it’s beyond my control unless I’m carefully managed to stay balanced.  I never even knew it was there until I Mated and began to live in a balanced state regularly.  If
Cas, it’s a warning that I’ve got a Submissive fall coming. I don’t know why I never connected the dots before. The dreams come closer together in the weeks before I have one of my massive blowout spirals, and I’ve been dealing with those since I was a pup!”
Sam took up a spot in the Green room.  He fluffed Garth’s cock casually, speaking to him softly.  The first round was a milk run: if the testee was an Omega, the first round just called for him or her to be fucked.  Simple.  Didn’t need to knot, so a beta would do.  Didn’t need to Claim, so it didn’t have to be a Dom.
‘Jim’ struggled in Castiel’s grip, but Cas had him bound in place, even as it seemed like there wasn’t enough pressure exerted to hold him there. “It is critical if you’re going to attempt this type of play, that you are fully aware of your own compulsions and how to control them. What you’ve mistaken for an urge to dominate a partner is actually a psychotic impulse to release an unfettered and destructive level of aggression. You, Jim, are not a candidate for safe BDSM play. You are immature and impulsive, and your sadistic impulses pass unfiltered onto your unwitting victim. Don’t try this again unless you’ve sought and completed a concentrated course of intensive psychotherapy. You’re forthwith banned from this club and all others within a fifty-mile radius. You need to find a safe outlet for your aggression. I hear that pounding old tractor tires with a sledgehammer works for some people.”
“Okay, fine, I could never be straight, but you know what I mean. Not every pair is as perfect as you two.”
“You’re so very welcome here, beta,” Cas said once she was dressed, pulling her in for a tight hug that signaled everyone else that they could turn again.
This time, when Michael awoke, he found himself wrapped tightly in the picnic blanket, his head cradled in Dean’s lap while Dean rocked nervously above him.  His mate was distracted and keeping watch all around, watching for someone, humming to himself what sounded to Michael like a badly rendered version of Metallica’s
“Fucking rights are supposed to run downhill, Dean.  If he doesn’t give the green light, I won’t ever get to touch her.  Would you…?  Will you talk to him?  Will you tell him that a foursome is a bad idea?  Get him to nix that plan?  It’s the only way.  If I ever get the chance to know what she tastes like, I’ll be lost.”
Dean knocked quietly right on top of the lettering, “Dr. C. Novak, Sociology Dept.” He worried his lower lip with his teeth until it was swollen, red, and sore.
His Omega never stilled against his fingers until she too, let go with a powerful climax.  She whimpered into it, stopping against his hand, but keeping pressure on the spot until the last of the waves faded away.  Then she melted into the soft bedding and went elsewhere.  Castiel sent a prayer of thanks up into the Universe, an ironic rarity for him.  He rolled his beautiful mate to her side, and he wrapped her up in his strong body, holding her, protecting her while she slept, careful not to touch her upper back with any pressure.
“She’s going to be at the other end of the table, Michael. I’m not even going to be looking at her. Fuck, we were both naked and plenty sexual when Alpha fucked all of us and whipped our asses at once. It’s not a big deal, and the bigger you try to make it a big deal, the weirder it’s going to feel.”
“’Fraid not. We don’t want trainees stocking up early and then riding out the rest of their terms without keeping a hand in the game. But every hour you’ve got your eyes on a patient is gold to you, Michael. It’s more than the state requires, but none of it is a waste. Oh, and if you stick around and volunteer as long as they can use you, I’ll replace a major test grade in the class of your choice with full marks. Deal?”
“I won’t let you down, Sir,” Michael assured Cas as the ladies worked their way toward the nursery.  “I know taking your place at the ceremony is about more than just which of us escorts Pete.  And I know it’s a gamble.  We’re going to play our roles well.  We’re going to make you proud.  I promise.”
going to manage your own safety, then I must be extremely circumspect about how I feed myself through you. Whether Thursday’s scene was a punishment or not, my wolf had a point to make about…as you said, about blindsides. I felt secure in allowing that statement because I believed you and I had thoroughly hashed out the evolutions of your sensitivities to exhibitionism. But come to find out I misinterpreted significant portions of your changing development. The misinterpretations are my fault, Dean. Failure to take responsibility and use that goddamn safeword, that’s on you. I’m not a mind reader, much as you wish me to be one.”
Cas narrowed his eyes and let Kate go. “We will discuss your smart mouth later,” he told Dean. “And you,” he spoke to Kate, who looked beatific in reflected pool lights. “You have been family since the day you entered this house. It will make me very proud to make that official.
Castiel’s lip twitched. Dean couldn’t tell whether it was irritation or amusement. He had no real argument with Michael’s tactic so far. It was far too clumsy and obvious to be a real power move. When Michael made a move, probably no one would see it coming. More likely he was just trying to feel out Cas’ impulse control, and that seemed fair to Dean. He sat back, sipped his coffee and watched the show.
“I never asked you to be someone you’re not!” he asserted.  “All I ever asked was for you to be honest with me!”
Dean puckered his lips a moment thoughtfully. “Sir, the negotiations…that’s a sex thing. That’s not my responsibility. It’s yours. You’re the one who owns that stuff.” Dean dragged behind Michael heading down the wide stairs.
Dean's getting fitted for his wedding, uh, apparel, and he learns a little something-something.  Gabe's going to be blind-sided.
“Shh, come here.  It’s not that bad.  You are loved, baby, and this IS your home, unconditionally.”  Dean pulled Michael into a tight, intimate embrace.  “I’m gonna castrate the fucker next time I see him, man.  I’m not defending what he said.  That was way outta line.  But I need you to trust that that’s not who he is.  I’ve known him a long time.  I’ve only seen him lose it like that a few times, and it’s the Alpha going off the reservation.  He can whip it back in line, but it’s going to take a little bit of time and some effort.  We’re going to give him that, you hear me?  We’re not going to throw the whole Pack away over a moment of bullshit passion.  And one other thing I’ve learned about him: he makes a lot of mistakes, just like we all do, but once he focuses his attention on fixing one, he never makes that one again.  He’s going to learn from this, Michael.  I’ve seen him do it a thousand times.  You don’t have to walk on eggshells from now on waiting for it to happen again.  He’s a lot like you in that.  Once his eyes are on an issue, he rams straight through the heart of it and figures himself out.  He’s nothing like a standard alpha.  He’s not going to waffle around and avoid the problem and blame everybody he knows for the fuck-all.  He’s gonna look for a fix inside himself, and he’s gonna emerge a better man.”
“Not your fault,” he huffed breathlessly.  “Got forty today in class with the hole-punched paddle for mouthing off.  Had that doubled for me when I got home.  I’m a little tender right now.”
She settled as the day wore on and the pain faded to a dull ache.  She was still naked.  Lunch in the cafeteria meant that staff, clients, and students alike got a good look at Castiel’s handiwork.  She found she didn’t mind the eyes on her as much as she wanted to get a chance to see her mate.  He wasn’t in the lunch room today.  Sometimes they had a chance to eat together, and sometimes their schedules just didn’t jibe.  She wished she knew if it was intentional on his part today in particular.  He was present in her mind, but she hesitated to poke at him.  His mood remained severe and focused.  Distracting him from his work wasn’t going to earn her any points.  He’d had his business face on all morning, and she felt very young in comparison.
Benny made a noncommittal face and took a swig of his tea. “It’s not my battle, but I don’t see why not,” he said.
“Pssshh!  Relax, Sammy.  We gotta start somewhere.  We need people we can trust to kick things off.  We’ve barely gotten anything off the ground, and there aren’t enough good people to start with yet – not that we can be sure of.  Have another beer.  Grab a seat.  Cas is gonna speak in a minute.  If you listen to him and think it’s all a load of crap, then walk away.  You let me and Bobby get Benny on board with giving you a pass.  You’re handicapped by bein’ my brother, but it wouldn’t be fair to hold that against you your whole life.  It’s not your fault, man.  You couldn’t help it.”
Another whipper-snapper attorney falls prey to the Alpha.  Sarah learns to feel her way through, we catch up with Meg...
“No!”  She turned on Nick in fury.  Tears of anger welled in her eyes.  “You can’t!  You can’t make me do this!  I won’t do it!  If he finds out…!”
“I’ll arrange everything, sir,” Michael agreed.  “I have some plans for toddler-friendly activities.  But we can keep this one small.  Alex doesn’t care yet.”
Cas activated the screen to check the time and the battery life.  He turned it around to show Dean.  “You were scheduled to meet me at two o’clock.  I see you have plenty of power available on your cellphone, and it is now almost two-thirty.  I dislike waiting, Dean, but I dislike even more being forced to wait without knowing why or for how long.”  Cas leaned forward across the table, the first movement he’d made since Dean walked in, and Dean leaned back in his chair like a negative magnetic response.  “I dislike being
Michael caught Cas smiling a little, his eyes on his plate.  Cas tapped April’s plate with a knuckle to remind her to finish her breakfast.  She was staring in horror at the door through which Fred had disappeared, but she jumped at the correction and finished spreading jelly on her muffin.  Dean struggled once more in Michael’s grip.  Michael let him go.
His whip snapped, popping one final time across her back, and shuddered as she screamed to the ceiling, a sound that no one heard but her mate. It was his, that scream, and he swallowed it whole, feasting on her pain like the ravenous beast he was. Castiel abandoned humanity for a time, abandoned sentience and morality and caution. He slaked his thirst for blood, for violence, lapping at her screams with a growl in his throat.
“Hey there, brother.  You figure out who you’re hauling over with you for dinner tomorrow night?” Benny answered the phone with almost no preamble.
“He’s coming around,” Dean told him vaguely.  Michael took it as the deferral that it was.  He shifted to face the bedroom.  “You smell like Naomi,” Dean grumbled quietly.
Michael frowned at her.  “Isn’t that what had you guys so freaked out after the convention?  Alpha said he’d never heard of having multiple designations show at once.”
April lay back down against his chest and wrapped her arms around the back of his shoulders, holding tight. “It’s my turn now, isn’t it?” she asked.
Dean blushed a little.  “I mean, you got any other suggestions?  I could take the plug out before I walk, but that leaves the lube leaking all over the red runners on the floor.  That’s not a pretty picture to me.  Unless you think I should wash the lube out too, you know, just before the wedding starts.  Course, that means that Cas needs to have a tube of it in his pocket.”
Castiel stared, huffing himself to a furious pitch, and then just as suddenly let it all go with an enormous exhale that took the wind out of his sails. He rubbed his temples and turned his back on his husband. “I broke our contract, Dean. I can’t undo it, and I can’t fix it.”
know that if I had all the training you say I don’t need, and I have no idea what ‘pedantic’ means,” she shot back.
“Go ahead and let the ring show, Dean.  Hold Castiel’s hand.  Let the cameras catch you kissing, but try not to answer any direct questions about your relationship with a direct answer.  I’ve promised ABC a scoop tomorrow morning.”  She looked over her shoulder and realized they were pulling up for their turn to jettison.  “Call me if you need me.  The limo can pick you up whenever you want.  Just buzz Jose, and he’ll be there.  Enjoy yourselves, all right?”
Mention of it brought them round to discussing the origins of the new Pack and how it was set up. Castiel’s new name. That took them through to Castiel and his role in it all. It was a quick-paced back and forth. No matter what questions they had come to the arena with, the audience let the talk evolve rapidly into a full throttle data dump of everything Winchester.
April didn’t give Michael a chance to reply. The floodgates were open, and the Pack listened with rapt attention.
“Chill out, Dean.  I know.”  Dale really was a good guy.  “The other option, and the reason you both have your licenses back, is you can request P.C.A., and I’ll take you home and turn you over to your Alpha.  The Omega will get a flag in the system against his license as a first offense, but it won’t include any details, and there won’t be any jail time.  I’m not stupid, boys.  I know which route you’re gonna take, but I had to lay out both options.  Thing is, for it to be legit, I have to witness your Alpha taking corrective measures.  You understand?”
“So, we’re calling you ‘Odie’ now?” Dean teased quietly into Michael’s ear.  “Like the dog in Garfield?”
It took Dean a minute to think. “He does that to me too, April— the hands thing while he’s sleeping. I always thought it was just a caress, but it’s right there, you know? Right on the lowest part of my belly. He’s done that for years now... But I can’t give him that. Shit.”  Dean’s eyes welled up too, as he realized what the intimate little caress of Cas’ late at night was all about. He’d done it for years. Years. Dean sat back and looked away. “You’re sure it’s about pups and not just a sleepy caress? He’s a touchy-feely guy.”
“You think?” shot Dean. He stood down, took a deep breath, and dismissed Fred with a wave of his hand and a stern nod. The fight-attack-kill-destroy hormones drained slowly, leaving his hands shaking a bit in their wake. “Jesus Christ, Nicholas,” muttered Dean, sinking carefully into the closest chair. “What the actual fuck?”
“You think maybe Michael did it on purpose to rub Alpha’s nose in it; force him to have to watch it all twice?” Garth asked.
Michael took a deep, shaky breath. He concentrated on relaxing his muscles and letting Dean in. The friction felt too warm and dry, too raw. “Unngh,” he grunted, leaning deeper into the counter.
Dean bristled a little. It was an ego-stroke, but it wasn’t the full support he felt he deserved. “Look. I’ve got a lotta years coming with this guy. We’ll get there. Even if Cas
“We’re ready, Jill, thank you. And just drinks. We’re dining in Ohio,” Cas replied, lowering his intensity to match the flight attendant’s polite charm. “I would like a Scotch if you would, please. That smoky one you served me last time was delightful. The Octomore? Mick? A drink?”
Sam opened the door for Sarah – something of a surprise given the size and formality of the house.  He ushered her in with a blank expression, and she paused with a frown.
He talked it over with Dean and Castiel on Monday night before dinner, ignoring the drunken giggles out of the parlor from the unwelcome gaggle of women in his house. Dean reminded Michael that teachers of Omega studies often held a Claim on their students because it created a constructive bond that allowed them to communicate beneath the surface. Michael refused to consider allowing that, and Dean frowned, but he didn’t press it. Castiel asked Michael to give it a week or two and try to find a way to work with Hannah.
Dean ignored his belligerence. “Michael, I’m sorry I was a dick to you. I’m sorry I called you names and said you’re a child.” He huffed a frustrated breath. “I’m sorry that I bowled right over your feelings and treated you like a doormat. I do respect you, man. You mean the world to me, and you deserve better. I swear I didn’t ask April to help me with the lines, but I did do the ones that had some skipped words. That’s on me. I threw all of those out, and I’ve been working on them while I waited for you to wake up. I’ve got something like three hundred sixty now.” Dean began to apply a third coat of arnica awkwardly to Michael’s sideways cheeks, reaching over his hip, trying not to look at him bared naked to his thighs.
“What layering trick?” Michael asked from his chair.  He’d pulled his feet up onto the cushion and wrapped his arms around his knees.
“We’ve got this,” he repeated sternly.  “They need you rested more than they need it to be your hand wiping their snot.  Go to sleep.”
“Wow, thanks,” he shot at her, but she ignored him.  He wasn’t really hurt.  She’d know if he was really hurt.
Michael melted into his mate and moved his body in a slow sway with the music, resting his forehead on Dean’s shoulder and closing his eyes.  They danced slowly, rotated and ground their hips together, kissed softly, and rocked as if alone and naked.
Cas lay kisses all across the back of Dean’s shoulders and up his neck. “You’re amazing, Dean,” he praised. “That was incredible.”
Charlie took April by the hand and hauled her up. Jess directed her by the hips toward the piano bench.
“I know that you’re in pre-Heat and you don’t have a hatchet at the moment. I think I’ll take my chances.”
Bobby raised his hands for quiet.  “And if it gets outta hand, we’ll stop the play, so use some discretion.  Folks still need to eat and talk and dance.  This ain’t a pogo party.”
“Watch the sass, there, alpha,” he scolded good-humoredly. “I can lay you back over and have another go if you need it.”
Helene let her pace slowly away. Billie touched her mouse and woke her screen back up. She stared at the list that only had one name still pristine. Unconsciously, she picked up an orange slice and bit into it, staring at her screen.
“Yeah, yeah, I’m short.  Get it out of your systems, you jerks.”  Once settled, she looked across the room to where Dean sat leaning into Castiel’s chest.  She sniffed a little and took a moment.  She pressed her lips together.  Dean smirked a secret look at her, and she smiled back at him.
She paused, her hand out for his pants but not taking them when he held them out.  “You’re wearing a plug?” she asked.
Michael watched the construction of the bridge. April picked at a trace of nail polish on the cuticle of her big toe.
“Some of you know the drill from experience.  To you folks, welcome back,” he said in a clear voice that caused a modicum of chuckling and nudging within the ranks.  He added an ironic smirk to lighten his tone without negating his authority.  Behind him, Sam began laying out implements and logging onto his account.  He adjusted the security cameras, checking their positioning and clarity.
They left Sam alone.  By explicit directive, Sam’s core mission to guide Sarah’s perceptions was one they were not permitted to impinge upon.  He was engaged in a higher calling at the moment than any one fire that required dousing…although…there were times…Dean wondered just what color Sarah’s perceptions might take on if she saw Sam really work a room.  She had been nearly catatonic after Sam’s dominance display at Gabe’s wedding party, frozen in place a mere eight feet from the table Sam chose and unable to tear her eyes off of his aggressive assertion.  She hadn’t talked about it yet, not to Dean’s knowledge.  But she showed up to The Facility the next day.  That was something.
The pups gasped and giggled; casting looks between the men who sat separated by the length of the table. Castiel’s chair grated loudly across the flagstones as he shoved it back. “Leave my table, Gabriel Allen. I will deal with you when I get around to it. Wait for me in the library.”
“Well, he and Castiel both played with you together. If you don’t want to, I understand, but do you think Michael would ever be interested?” She crossed her arms on the desk and laid her cheek against one arm in an adorably disarming way.
Castiel cut him off, “But nothing ties them all together.  That’s part of what I need to do here.  I don’t just want to add another study on top of the rest that gets buried in some dusty file somewhere.  Dean!  I want to do all of it!”  He was shouting and gesticulating, the passion uncontainable as his life’s ambition poured out of him and all over Dean in a deluge of words.
him. He knows what he’s doing. The research, it’s…unequivocal. But just as there are exceptions for the likes of him and Dean, for the likes of me and you, there have to be other routes that work for those of us who don’t fit the allo-normative Lupin mold. Evolution put asexual wolves on the planet. That wouldn’t have happened if there was no route to stability but through sex. We would all have been selected out.”
He mewled at her softly, and everything inside her warmed and melted. The fine fur on his head would gradually fall out over the next few months, to be replaced by silky hair. Right now, it covered his head to his shoulders, reaching as far forward as to coat his pointy ears with soft tan-colored down, and he was adorable by any measure. To his mother, he was angelic.
“I dare you to try it, Michael,” Dean whispered into his mate’s ear before pulling out and standing up. “I dare you.” He tucked back in, still wet, and zipped up. Michael sneaked a tentative peek at his mate and then sank back into
Cas carried her down the wide staircase with a veritable web of worried wolves standing spotter along the way, ready to take the brunt if he slipped and fell.  But he didn’t.  He deposited her in the sturdy bed in the Heat/Rut room, the best spot in the house for the ordeal she was about to endure, and he kept at least one hand on her bare skin for the next day and a half.
“Look,” stated the Alpha. Rodrick. “I’m not against taking the matter back home and handling it myself. You said you wanted to try some stranger in a lab coat, or whatever they dress up as. So, here we are. Now pick one or let’s go home.”
Finally, he stopped and rested his hand on Michael’s ass without comment. He just stopped. He didn’t rub the sting out. He didn’t break the oppressive silence. His heated hand against heated flesh was an irritation, not a comfort. But Michael didn’t squirm against it. He lay still.
She nodded.  “You know where to find me, Alpha.  I really like it here.  It’s small enough that I’m not overwhelmed, and my mate takes good care of me.”
But Michael saw it, and he nodded to himself before facing the stage again, watching April beam at Dean as he crooned to her.
Sam walked in through a back door near the two mates. He held the door open for his class to file through and take seats in the gallery. Their time would come in a few weeks. They weren’t really expected to attend this one, but Sam hadn’t wanted to miss it, so he brought his class rather than seek out a substitute. Sam noticed Dean and Michael on the wall just as the last of his class dribbled in, and he frowned in confusion, gesturing up to the stage where Dean’s seat sat unoccupied.
“I met him once, Alpha.  Did you know?  Before he left you?”  Castiel didn’t answer.  He had nothing left to answer with.  He just listened, letting her soft, sweet voice soothe him.  “He came here to collect some of his things that he’d left.  He didn’t know I was in the back, and he let himself in with his key.  I was surprised and a little weirded out when I heard someone out in the living room, but I went out to check.  I, Alpha, I’m sorry, but I was home alone, and I was naked.  I expected it must be you, so I went to check.  He was there with a box and he was putting books and CDs into it.  He heard me and turned around.  He saw me, like this.”  She gestured at her nudity.  Castiel still didn’t speak, but he clutched her and smoothed her wet hair.  How could he be angry with her when he was in this state and there was spaghetti sauce dripping down the far wall?  The pool underneath him was a little warm, but not hot enough to burn anymore.  It’s amazing how quickly sauce cools when it’s spread over every surface of the kitchen.
“It’s earlier than I intended, but I believe we’re close enough. Submissives in my house do not make demands.”
Someone whistled at April’s bruised, red ass as she bent over to get her pants on, and Cas reached across the pathway to plant a fist in the perpetrator’s jaw without so much as looking him full in the face. He took April’s hand and continued in the opposite direction as if nothing had happened at all, leaving the asshole to collect himself and to consider his life choices. April grinned at her mate, swinging their hands cheerfully.
April lost her internal battle to stifle her emotion.  It overflowed on her.  She wept silently while the exercise continued, the tears running unheeded down her cheeks.  It was evident that her mate was exceedingly angry and disappointed in her, and she started craving absolution in a way that just his hard hand hadn’t pulled from her yet.  April was by no means stupid.  She was aware that the vast majority of rules in her home were manufactured to create opportunities for fictional
“No weirder than wanting to watch the man you’re in love with get gangbanged by a roomful of strangers,” Michael pointed out.
Michael affected an innocent expression, a mirror-image of his mother’s. “Ask their Papa, sir. I’m just the Omega.” His mother guffawed beside him. Michael grinned. He felt lighter.
“Wouldn’t dream of it, Sir,” Dean grinned, strutting ahead so that his ass would be level with Castiel’s eyeline on the stairs.
“Spread your knees wider, Pet,” he instructed, and Dean complied at once.  “Get your feet clear of the paddle.  I’m going to hurt you now.  Here we go again.  You may come if you like, but don’t touch yourself.”  Dean surprised the Dom by releasing his thighs and grasping his wrist in his hand again, behind his back.  His eyes stayed on Castiel’s.  He licked his lips.
Anna approached them trailing two betas.  “Alphas, Tom and George are leaving now to get Dean’s car.”  She addressed Alpha Lancet.  “Would you like a ride back to your car as well?  If we need to, I can scrounge up another driver and bring yours here too. Just give them your keys and a description of the car.”
“We have to figure out a Release schedule for you.  The Keller test will help with that, too.  Do you know your Omesol production rate?  How often do you feel you need a Release?”
Cas touched his brother’s sweaty forehead. He was too hot—much too hot, hotter than last time Cas had checked, and that scared him. This was unreal. Where was Mother? She said she’d take care of Gabe, but then she’d left and not come back. Castiel’s knee bounced in anxious indecision, then he shot out of the chair, cupping his erection to keep it from grinding against the fabric of his pants and left the room.
Dean shifted up onto his arms and fumbled his way to wrap around his mate.  Having his pants down around his knees didn’t make the embrace exactly dignified.  It wouldn’t have been an Academy Award winning cinematographic fade-out, but no one was around except Dean, Michael, and a few settling grackles.
Dean let the sentimentality get to him. It was just a dumb joke. It was a terrible joke, actually, but he teared up instantly anyway, and Cas squeezed him in by his waist. “I can’t wait to be Papa, Dean. I’m so fucking excited.”
At the trunk, Dean scrabbled the box forward, reluctant to open it, but he had no choice. He set it toward the front and lifted the lid. Castiel peered over his shoulder with a grim expression. Inside, the cat-o-nine-tails that Cas had used on Dean recently during their first attempt to subvert Dean’s fall sat wedged beside Castiel’s favorite stiff leather tawse.
Tony shot a glance at Cas, alarmed at hearing instructions from the Ozzie, whom he’d been coached to believe had no authority.
“Charity?” Michael exclaimed.  “Of course you don’t need charity if you’ve got Dean on your team.  Who picked these teams?  I want a redress!”
“More than one, if you really want to count,” Michael corrected quietly.  He snapped his mouth closed when Maureen transferred her attention to him.  She nodded once.
“Good girl. Don’t let me hurt you. You may be tender after your first time earlier, but I’m gonna be real careful. Tell me if anything stings, and we’ll find a different position.” Dean worked his way above her, centered, holding himself up with his arms. “Eyes on me, Omega. I’ve got you. I need to hit your channel, sweetie. I know it’s sore. I’ll be real careful. Let’s see if we can get your temperature down, okay?”
It was the same thing she’d said years ago when he told her he couldn’t be her boyfriend, and the dynamics hadn’t changed.  What she meant was that she would wait patiently while he came to his senses and stopped fighting the inevitable.  The gritty part was that he knew she had the right of it, no matter what he thought right now.  For all the Omegas liked to grumble that Castiel always got his way, the truth was, sometimes the Alpha had to compromise.  But April never did.  Not for long.  She could wait as long as it took, but in the end, she always got exactly what she wanted.  And in the end, Michael always found himself happier than he expected to be, than he deserved to be, happier than he ever would have been if he’d followed his own impulses.  April was in control of all of them.  Always had been.
Dean rounded on Michael.  “Thank you, Naomi?!  Are you fucking kidding me?!  That was some kind of fucking twelve-step bullshit?!  Who do you think you are?!  Do you have any idea what that did to me?”
“You felt powerful to me, Dean,” Michael said. He searched Dean’s eyes for a signal either way. “Was it strong? Did you hit the mark you needed? Are we good?”
“I’m sorry, Dean.  How can I help?”  Michael full-on nuzzled Dean’s neck and stroked his bare belly.
“Just wait.  He’s restraining the shit out of himself right now.  This isn’t how he always is.” Dean confided into Michael’s ear.  “Don’t provoke him on purpose just to see him lose it.  It’s not pretty.”
In fact, he reflected as she stumbled into his bedroom and back out again, her disappearing act with Nick itself had likely been a test of Cain’s resolve more than a professional crisis in the first place. If she was testing him, he considered, this last round with the cane ought to put the defining touches on that speculation. He took it from her when she presented it formally to him, holding it before her in two hands and lowering her head in deference. Cain heaved himself to his feet – spanking is an exhausting business – and shook each leg back to life.
“No, man, it’s not the simple.  No, wait, maybe it’s simpler.  It’s not really the fucking so much as the constant worry that he’s gonna come out of one of those events knocked up.  I was chill with it while he was pregnant, cause, you know, he can’t get knocked up twice.  It was like a grace period.  But now he’s fertile again, and I’m coming outta my skin over here every time you two make bedroom eyes at each other.”
“I know it’s intimidating,” he soothed, uncrossing his arms and relaxing his body somewhat. “But I do not make mistakes where my Facility is concerned. You
Castiel startled from his reverie when Fred’s calm voice called fifteen minutes and alerted them both that they were released from penance.  He squatted down beside Gabriel and helped him clothe himself with no hint that he found anything remarkable about the situation.  Fred wasn’t like the other adults.  Fred was just…Fred.  He smiled at Cas gently and ushered both boys toward the stairs.  If his arm found its way around Castiel’s shoulder in an unassuming one-armed hug that Cas leaned into a little bit, then who was to know?  And Castiel decided to write the first note just for Fred even though he’d already thanked him effusively for the gold-plated harmonica that Cas used to drive his mother crazy on Sunday mornings.  He wasn’t an uncultured Neanderthal.  He was simply selectively grateful.
“Fucking masochist,” muttered Cas with a kiss to said penis through Dean’s slacks. He worked himself back up, collected their water glasses and took them to the sink. “Tell me truthfully,” he tried again.
“So, we adjust again,” Michael argued.  “As far as I know, there’s not a limit to how many times we can adjust the balance.”  Dean flipped a towel over the glass wall of the shower and leaned in to turn the water on.
She took a deep breath through her nose and let it out like a long release of tension.  “A little boy.  Guess it’s on me to throw some girls, then.”
“I slapped her,” Charlie admitted.  “Unprovoked.  Meg didn’t do anything to deserve it.  I just.  I got scared, okay?  I got scared and I lashed out and I bolted, and… Do we have to talk about it here?”  She shot a nervous look around.  There weren’t many diners, and everyone she could see was Lupin, but…still.
“Are you?  Why?  I said some shitty things to you.  I had it coming what with all the shitty ways I treated you since I got here.”
Cas looked at Dean and nodded again.  “I don’t have words to express this, Dean.  How can I begin to tell them all what they mean to me?”
“Thank you, Bobby.  It’s been a long time coming.  Too long, no doubt.  But I want to assure you all that Dean and I will do our level best to keep our private lives out of the board room and out of all Facility business affairs.  I should tell you that, as Dean is also newly Mated, he’ll be taking a month-long leave of absence.  He is, however, officially transferred back to Kansas for good.  So, there’s that.  I guess, uh, mission accomplished, so to speak.”  Castiel blushed as he wound his little speech up, but he couldn’t stop smiling.
“You can turn your phone back on though,” he pointed out.  “Ketch is not a rational dude when he’s worried about you.  I had to pull rank to keep him from tearing out here and ripping you a new one.”
“You need to be aware, April has a Release block, and it’s a doozy. She can’t Release unless she feels she’s being punished justifiably for some transgression. She’s not a brat, so I have to practically manipulate her into breaking rules just to get her into a guilty mindset. I’ve set her about a million rules to follow every day—everything from how far the toes of her shoes need to be from the wall when she lines them up by the door, to how long she’s allowed to stay in the bath, to when she can sit at the table for meals and when she should kneel on the floor and be fed. It’s a shame because with her level of masochism and her affinity for pleasing me, if she didn’t have the block, we might be able to just about dispense with punishments altogether and affect Releases through play. But she’s built a subconscious block against Release if it’s attempted just through impact-play.
“You know what I mean.”  Cas’ frustration was breaking through.  “Omegas are different.  Their boundaries don’t fall the same way ours do.”
“You’ll wear that for the rest of the day, and you’ll have one of your alphas from home call me this evening for permission to remove it,” she told him coldly. Michael froze in the process of fastening the last button of his lab coat.
“Yes, it was.  Look, I know you don’t understand, Michael, and I don’t expect you to.”  Cas turned just inside the room and faced the Omega.  “I’m not trying to patronize you, but you’re new to this.  Dean is in a very vulnerable position right now.  His alpha is at risk of getting swamped by the Sub that you and I keep pulling out of him.  He needs to find his alpha again and teach it to fight its way back to the front.”
“Benny?” questioned Dean without looking away from Castiel’s feet.  “You got him?  You need any help?  I can call Sam.”
“Yeah, well…it’s five o’clock somewhere.  Come on.”  Bobby led Cas out through the turnstile and onto the campus sidewalk, heading toward Zeke’s.  They talked as they walked, about nothing pressing at first, just idle conversation between friends and some random workplace gossip.  “And how’s the new boy fitting in?  I haven’t seen or heard much about him, but that Mating video is the talk of the whole community.  What’s an Omega who fucks like that like in real life?”
“Guys?” Cas asked, letting Dean fall back into place against him. Dean’s body temperature was discernably higher than this morning. A sheen of sweat coated the back of his neck. Cas resisted licking it.
“I didn’t approve this, Dean Michael.  I should cancel the party and send you to bed with your ass throbbing and your belly empty.  I am not pleased.  At all.”
Cas looked instead to Benny.  “Talk me through it.  Pretend I didn’t read anything.  Explain it to me.  How do we substantiate something that has no physicality, that exists only in meta-space?”
She smiled and followed him. “There’s paper in the second drawer, and there’s pens in the top. What kind of lines? What’d you do? Will it bother you if I talk while you write?”
She had a two-week break, and she needed it desperately.  Weeks away from her Pack stretched her like taffy, and she was near to breaking.  Her mate let her pepper the pups with questions, but he placed a firm hand on her neck and squeezed.  And under the table, on the other side, her husband’s hand rested lightly on her thigh.  It was good to be home, despite the bitter disappointment of missing the award ceremony in Sweden.
“It’s not a problem, is it?” asked Mark, tensing.  He wasn’t about to work for someone who tried to tell him whom to marry.
Michael handed Alex off and followed Cas into the parlor. “Clear that up for me, sir. Where do we draw the line about what we show the pups? I don’t have any history to guide me. My folks were very private. Most of my training is geared toward assuming I already have instincts for this. But I don’t.”
And, because I can't contain myself...go back and check out the comments section of Chapters 1 & 2.  The inimitable LizardWhisperer has graced us with a couple of astounding pictographic summaries.  They are, you know, NSFW, so as she advised me, don't get fired.  Thanks, beautiful.  I'm honored!
“The fuck…?  Dean, are you just gonna lay there?  Doesn’t this upset you at all?”  Michael stood up and faced his sleepy mate.
“Gabe, you’re torturing yourself.  This isn’t your fault.  It’s no one’s fault.  But there are options.  Kali’s young enough to be a candidate for fertility treatments.  Hell, we adopted two already.  Don’t try to tell me those boys aren’t Pack.  Found family is still family.”
“I need you to level with me. That kid’s life might depend on your answers, so don’t hide anything from me.” His tone pulled from his alpha designation, and the man swallowed. He nodded.
Cas blushed slightly in embarrassment. It was their very first full Friday Night Pack dinner, and he was already making noises like he wanted to stifle the free exchange of issues, exactly counter to what he’d told them all he wanted.
“Michael!!  You waited!!  Thank God!  Look who I ran into.  You remember Grayson, from Biology, sophomore year.  Mr. Tidwell.  We did that project together.”  She looked like July, and she smelled like a summer evening just as the sun is setting when the cool breeze kicks up and all the daytime stress has settled.  Michael wished he could wring her neck.
“My Impact class with the apes, actually,” Sam admitted.  “Sometimes it goes a little off-script, and turns into a Q&A about Doms and Subs in Lupin daily life.  It feels good to straighten out some misconceptions.  We got to discussing the ramifications of conditioning an Omega, an Ozzie in particular, to a certain routine and then having it pulled out from under them due to an upset in the household.  It made me think about it.  It was a good question, and I didn’t have a ready answer.”
Dean’s left hand pulled at Michael’s bare shoulder, inadvertently sparking the Mating-scar, and Michael cried out in ecstasy. The alpha’s right hand snaked around Michael’s raised hip and took hold, took ownership of his Omega’s cock, and just like that, it was over.
Dean filled in the gaps for Michael while the Omega sipped his water.  “I told Cas I wanted a two week moratorium on sex to get the two of us revved up for the ceremony and the wedding night.  I thought it would be dramatic and romantic.”
Bless her.  Her entire body blushed, and her shyness touched the very tips of her ears with color.  She was the very picture of innocence blooming into awakening.  She was a rosebud opening to the sun.  Michael’s heart stopped beating for a moment just watching her.
thanks, for everything you do—both of you, all three of you. If I don’t get to see Krissy before I have to cut out, let her know too. You three are badass. You’re the sharpest team in the game, and I’d work with you any day of the week, even if you’re girls.”
“Of course, Omega. Of course,” he assured her. “We’re blessed to have you. Let’s put a formal Pack ceremony together for this Saturday. I don’t want to wait any longer than that. We’ve all been anxiously awaiting your decision, Kate. You belong with us. You’re a Winchester, through and through.”
“Yes, it is.” Cas capped the nail polish and set it down on the floor. He blew gently across April’s toes and assessed his work.
“If you can’t make it up one flight of stairs, you’re not fit to protect my mate,” Cas informed him, following as Cain limped into the foyer.
“Cas named my pups.  Just fetus names, of course.  He said there was an old English children’s show his mother used to try to distract him with, him and Gabriel.  What’s it called, Alpha?”
Ketch nodded.  “Happens all the time,” he told the poor frightened girl.  “Take a quick look at the slip in your neighbor’s hand there.  Read to me what it says in bold black letters at the top.”
He nodded to himself and rubbed her backside a little bit to get the blood flowing, and then he smacked her ass right in the middle hard enough to leave a handprint. She sucked in a breath but held still. He began to spank his little sister in earnest, making sure to leave a solid impression and keeping the count in his head. It felt like when he had spanked Sam all those years ago. He felt less like an alpha and more like a dad. It was awkward as hell. He didn’t want to keep going, but he reasoned that if he did this one well, there would be fewer to do in the future, so he made it real. His steel-hard hand heated quickly, turning a vibrant pink. April didn’t cry or kick, but she sniffled, and she fidgeted a little. He watched her butt turn pink and then red and then nearly glowing as he covered every section equally but randomly.
Once on the road, Cas asked, “Benny, would you keep a close eye on Dean for the rest of the week?” Castiel gripped his own knees to ground him from the sensations in his body. “I’ve pissed him off again, and I expect him to act out enough to earn an official reprimand. It would be best if that happens sooner rather than later. He’s ramping up hard. Someone needs to give him a barricade to run into, and I won’t be available.”
“I advise you to think very carefully about how much you want to brat at me this evening, my Pet.  We’ve a very long drive ahead of us to get back to Lawrence.”
“Not exactly,” explained Sam.  “There are a lot of others who equal him at eighteen on both the Dom and Sub side.  It seems like eighteen is about the natural limit though.  No one except Cas has ever tested
Cas nodded. “I get it, Dean. If I had seen it coming, then what happened with Michael would have been intentional game play on my part. I assure you I didn’t, and it wasn’t. I won’t risk him like that. And I won’t use him at all without his and your full acquiescence.”
“I’m sure there’s bacon, alpha,” April placated. “Fred hasn’t been gone that long. You’re just cranky because you woke up wet. Come on. I’ll get the coffee brewing for you before the rest of the munchkins wake up. You can put a list of household emergencies together for Gabe.”
“I don’t get it, Cas. I don’t get what happened. I don’t get the message you or your wolf or whoever was trying to send. I thought it should clear things up, but I’m even more confused.”
She nodded.  “Thanks Sam.  Thank you for your hospitality.  Dinner was delicious, and I enjoyed seeing all of you at home in your own space.  It was enlightening.  I’m sorry to have been the cause of…” she gestured lamely toward his backside.
John was so angry with his wife for losing sight of what mattered, for choosing the material over her own mate and her sons and her limited time to hold them tightly as they grew before they flew away. He tried to reconcile the anger with the grief, but it destroyed him. Rage at the dead has nowhere to go but backward where it burrows in deep. John shoved it all inside, drowning it with whiskey, and Dean had taken an unwitting collateral hit right between the eyes.
Jack glanced at the powerful man looming behind them. “Alpha, this would be easier for him if he had a little privacy, I think. Would you consider waiting outside?” he asked, assertive but deferential.
“Nope,” Sam answered, peering out the window.  “Dean’s benched Michael.  Having him show up in Phoenix unexpected was more than Dean could handle, and he’s gone full alpha-protector.  Won’t let Michael anywhere near a public appearance.”
Michael sat up slowly onto his butt and leaned against the bookcase behind him. “What’s stopping you? Just Dean and his need to test whether you still love him?”
“Oh, she’s over at the Euchre table.  I tried to get her to circulate, but I think she’s hooked now.  Come here, I’ll introduce you.”  Sam dragged the two women in his wake and Jody smiled a goodbye to Dean.
“But why would it be embarrassing to talk about with me? I’ve admitted it all to you already. I’m not embarrassed. Wolves don’t get embarrassed about sex, Baby. Explain this to me.” Michael stroked Dean with his side of the bond. Dean’s eyes fluttered closed.
A Submissive one, he decided. Dean scrubbed the back of one calf with the top of his alternate foot, and he thought. He ran through it feverishly in his head. Cas had called him on his posturing. All the stupid confrontations? Yeah, that was aimed at Cas, not Cain; even if it felt good to bust the asshole’s chops again and again. He was busted there. It really had nothing to do with setting a hierarchy between Pack alphas and everything to do with acting like a brat in front of someone who had no patience for it.
Dean sat back on his heels and thought it through. “Does it get in the way of your work with April?” he asked at last.
Sam answered for them.  “My brother’s Mating was a bit unconventional.  Even though he placed the bite, according to the readings, the Mating sparked from Michael.  Michael Claimed Dean, not the other way ‘round.  Which means Dean hasn’t actually Claimed his Omega yet, unless…” Sam looked at Dean who was distracted by the tiny hairs on the back of Michael’s neck and wasn’t listening.
“Ah.  No.  Forgive me.  That was not intended as a provocation, merely an observation.  Something always kept me from suggesting it, even as it began to seem like the most elegant solution.  Perhaps a deep, instinctive part of me knew your mind better than I was aware.”
It was a mad scramble for the rest of the day. Dean skipped lunch. He had another meeting to attend to finalize assignments for the newest research projects—the ones he had briefly tried unsuccessfully to use as an excuse to postpone knocking up his mate before jumping on Michael’s bandwagon and diverting it down a different track entirely. Kevin took over with a satisfied, confident hum. He seemed thrilled to get the chance to put his signature on the bottom line and take ownership of the important projects. Dean formally stepped out of every part except the upper-level oversight. It hurt almost physically to have to let it go. Dean loved research. He loved the actual work involved: hovering in the lab and watching the data tell a story, delving into the anomalies to understand why they were there and what they meant, figuring out how to draw a conclusion from raw numbers that tied it all together. Dean loved it almost as much as he loved teaching, but there wasn’t enough time in the day anymore to be everywhere he wanted to be, so it was with reluctant sadness that he let it go and handed it off to Kevin.
Castiel didn’t look perturbed, but Dean was embarrassed and angry. Cas ignored the Omega and spoke softly to Dean instead. “I’m going to get the luggage from the car so that you can both change before we leave. I’ll wait in the hall until you’ve finished with him. Just poke your head out when you’re ready.”  Cas kissed Dean on the cheek and stepped out, letting the door close. Dean turned to face Michael and found him in tears again.
It was Dean’s turn to blush, and he focused his eyes on the floor between his feet.  “I was always embarrassed before, man.  Didn’t think I could let anyone see what a pansy I am in private.  I only ever trusted you with that.”
Firming his stance and his stubborn resolve once more, Dean cracked his neck and braced again onto his shoulders. He turned his head as the front door to the rusty, dilapidated clapboard house opened, and he rolled it back down again when he recognized Rufus coming down the walk to talk to him. When had Rufus returned? What the fuck was he doing here at eight forty-five in the morning?
through to his mate in every language he knew.  He sent remorse, defeat, submission, and apology in equal measure, but it wasn’t until Dean gave up trying to hail Michael and instead, dropped his head and wept that the door cracked open again.
“So, have you decided if April’s getting a puppy, Alpha?” Dean asked as Benny sipped his wine.  Benny laughed merrily at the very idea.
“I can do this, man. It’s a matter of time management and organization. I know what I’m doing. This one’s gonna be a piece of cake. It doesn’t have to appeal to the masses, so I don’t have to try to be charming or entertaining. I can just pull my nerd hat on and write it straight.”
Balthazar glanced over his shoulder.  “Once you’re in there, hold still for a couple of seconds, all right?  Give yourself and your partner a chance to get used to the feeling.  For the Bottom, that lets their ass relax so it doesn’t hurt as bad.  That’s not so important if your Bottom is Omega, but for everyone else, the initial intrusion can hurt.  Let them adjust.  For the Top, sometimes that first shock of tight, hot constriction is enough to send you right over the edge and it can end before you even get started.  Pausing for a beat helps the Top too.  You understand?  Go slow, Jake.”
“Nick, did you ever think of calling ahead?” asked Dean, mystified at the Omega’s recklessness. He could only imagine how the Alpha would have responded if the pups had still been here—how
April’s puerile frustration fed a mood that had her fuming by herself as she felt her mate’s temper rise elsewhere.
“The keys are in your pocket, Pet. Remove them. Insert the appropriate key into the appropriate orifice, and open the trunk.” Castiel’s hard voice brooked no argument or delay. He’d also shifted into a humiliating tone, one that tore chunks the size of his fist off Dean’s self-confidence. Dean descended rapidly into a headspace that was miserably uncomfortable.
“I’m going to need both hands, sweetheart. I love you too. Hang in there for me. This won’t take long. Don’t be afraid. You’re the strongest man I know. You can do this.” Dean let go of Castiel’s hand and tucked his face into his crossed arms. Cas looked up at Tessa, and she gave him a simple nod.
“Waiting on you now, Mom,” said Gabriel from the hallway, not unkindly.  “Got your chariot idling and your new digs all ready for you.  Just need the woman herself – unless you’d rather stay here…”
“No, I most certainly did not,” he replied with a huff. “She’s practically my daughter. Besides, Omega channels don’t need prep to take a knot. She’ll be fine.”
“Number two is harder.  I’m sorry.  I wish the world didn’t work this way, but it does.  Or at least…” Gabe lowered his chin and caught Castiel’s eyes in that deeply earnest way that Dean did it.  Who’d learned it from whom?  Maybe it was another thing some people just knew how to do.  Like breathing.  “…it does when it’s led by an Alpha with his heart in the family, and not in his own comfort.  Castiel, Pack life is one thing.  It gives us a structure and a certainty we can’t maintain alone.  The hierarchies are there for a reason, and every attempt we’ve ever made to change them has failed.  But there’s such a thing as taking the hierarchy too far.  You may be Alpha, but you’re not God.  You’re not above the rules.  All the structure that’s in place applies to everyone in the pack, even the alphas.”
He lay nude on his soiled bed and tried to come to grips.  It was an emotion so radically unlike the vague malaise that his own sense of insecurity flung at him nightly because this emotion came backed up by real events.  The difference was palpable.  His audacity at believing his marriage to Castiel was a personal privilege, and was his choice alone, that it touched only him, that his decision to play an Omega role for the Alpha – it all seemed like such pretentious folly in light of Michael’s objective declaration.
Cas had about had it with waiting.  He grabbed a chair, stalked toward Cole at the door and brandished it like a weapon.  “Move beta.  Right now.”  His voice was remarkably calm, but scarce was a simple beta capable of refusing his Alpha authority.  Benny slid into position to replace him as Cole dropped to the side.  Benny put his hands up in front of him in supplication.  Cas growled at him, but didn’t attack.
“So what do we do about it, Alpha?” Her eyes shifted back to their baby blue softness. Castiel wrapped his arms around her. She felt drained, wrung-out, empty.
Dean took a minute to catch himself.  He’d been happily floating away on the hormones that Michael was beating him over the head with and forgetting all about the job at hand.  Dean looked up into Sam’s face.  That familiar nod met him, centered him, steeled him.
“Concentrate, Dean!” Michael chastised. “I’m going to send you everything I’ve got. Close your eyes and focus! Look inside me.”
“It’s the music industry, Dean. An Omega isn’t going to get the chance to be a soloist by going through a conservatory. If I get in at all, they’ll put me in the symphony orchestra and put marimba mallets in my hand. I’ll be forced into the herd. I love music, but I want a spotlight, not obscurity. I want more than to just help play someone else’s music in the rank and file. I want to play my own, and I want to do it out in front, with my name at the top of the program. I don’t know how to get that, or how to ask for it.”
Fred hurried in from the library to answer the door.  “It’s the new swimming pool service contractor, alpha,” he said over his shoulder.  “Please don’t interrupt your activities.  I’ll show him around back.”
Dean put his arm around her and led her into the coffeeshop. “Michael got his ass blistered because he needed it, not because of what he said.”
Dean swayed him slowly from behind. He kissed the side of Castiel’s neck, his eyes glued to their mates onscreen. “Look at them, C.J.,” he repeated at a whisper.
Jo rolled her eyes.  “We’re mammals, too, you dork.  Why not aim for a housecat or a white-tail deer?”
The fighting from the night before was still a very present part of his mindset as he washed; and so was his massively embarrassing panic attack from yesterday morning and his guilt over having secreted himself away last night to get himself off when no one would do it for him.  Dean needed a scene, and he needed it badly.  He felt ghastly.  His sleepiness left a gritty feeling in his eyes that the shower wasn’t washing away.
works, that is what we will do. The moment I lose you, do not imagine for one moment that I will hesitate to put you on the ground. I have too much at stake to risk everything I’ve built. However, that said, you need to understand that the only time I ever punished your predecessor, it was for softballing her dissent. Mick, when you disagree with me – and you will – I expect you to square your shoulders and tell me so directly. Do not manipulate me. Do not ever lie to me. Do not placate me or soothe me or bullshit me. If you need to raise your voice to me, then seek a private audience, and do it. Get my attention if you must. You will never be punished for adamance if your goals are pure. We are a team, you and I. This olive branch I’m extending is yours to pick up. I offer you my trust. What you do with it is your call.”
At long last, Michael braced his arms on either side of Dean’s body and began to move in him. Slowly at first and then gathering speed and power, he panted loudly in Dean’s ear and worked himself into a fast, hard near frenzy of slapping thrusts. Dean’s ass burned. His asshole burned. The muscles deep inside him tightened, held fast, and burned. Michael was loud. He groaned and grunted, murmured nonsense syllables at Dean, he may have drooled a little. No one was keeping watch. No one protested. Michael tightened up and stuttered then stopped with a high whine and pulsed in tiny little shivery thrusts as he unloaded into Dean’s body.
Benny’s voice floated over Cas, eliciting images.  Bathing: water sluicing over creamy smooth skin.  Skin that belonged to Cas.  Prepping: a firm, wet dildo pressed sweetly in and out of a welcoming orifice.  Cas’ orifice.  She.  They’d said ‘she’.  Cas’ mate was a woman.  He’d always wondered.  Cas, as a pansexual, would’ve had no way to know what primary gender he’d be matched up with by the Universe.  Secondary and Tertiary were no brainers; he’d get an Omega-Submissive, but he’d always wondered if it’d be a girl or a boy.  God, now he was babbling in his own head.
She rolled across the bed, hissing as she sat up. “I don’t need to think about it,” she told him vaguely as he helped her to her feet.
Bobby had an odd look on his face. “Alpha, I put that boy in your path to feed your wolf. He’s supposed to be your supper. If you’re heading where I think you’re heading, you really are fucked.”
“No, I wanna try to work it out,” Dean told him. “Maybe work backward.” He sighed heavily, thinking.
“Mmm,” he agreed languorously, a lion at peace in its den after a feast. “Need to have an artist paint you one of these days.”
The screams faded to sobs and painful writhing.  Dean lay prostrate on the bed, squirming in agony, and Michael lay out beside him, beating himself up for breaking his mate.
“I’m sorry,” she said into his ear, her hand hovering over the seat of his pain, not touching, and he let go of her wrist and shook his head.
“Just tell me straight out, Billie,” Cas whispered in the quiet of the morning light, seated in his bathrobe at the suite’s kitchen table.  “Did we do this?”  Billie just looked at him.  He didn’t need to ask.  Castiel knew.  Bobby, for once, had done the right thing and run it through the Alpha before he moved.  But Cas didn’t know who else might be involved, and asking Billie served a dual purpose.  If she was already in the know, he’d have a confidant to help him funnel instructions and communications through to Bobby.  If she wasn’t, then she could face the upcoming press and investigators’ questions with a clear conscience in a way that was not necessary to fake, and he could use her ignorance of his involvement as a smokescreen.  Genuine regret over the senseless loss of life in Oklahoma would come across better without the need to hide guilt behind her eyes.  “I have to know what’s coming down the pike for us.  I have to know how to respond.”  He narrowed his eyes and held hers.  “Have we become murderers?”
Dean activated the shower head and walked Cas under the flow. “I know, babe. We all do. But we can’t let them die. You were as gentle as you could be, I know you were.” He pumped some body wash into his hand from the wall reservoir and began to rub it into Cas’ chest.”
“Dean, we still need to do some validation, please understand that, but, yes, once it’s all said and done, he’s a nineteen.”
“I am not so tired that I can’t find an unpunished spot on your body, Submissive,” he growled playfully. Her head flopped back to land on his shoulder, and he ran his fingers through the golden strands, lank with sweat.
“Paperwork says she’s seventeen.  Probably just graduated high school,” came Ellen’s voice.  “She looks younger though, maybe fifteen if I had to judge from her face.  We better wait for her alpha to sign off before we let Cas at her.”
Michael and Dean barely even looked up.  They were deep in discussion with an arrogant, pretentious Gender Studies major from Brown who thought he knew everything there was to know about Omegas because he’d read some stuff in a book once (not one of Dean’s), despite having never met an Omega in his life before he moved to Providence where Lupins outnumbered Primates.  Dean let Michael set the ape straight on a few things, only getting involved when Michael’s contempt leaked through more than was socially acceptable.  Winning converts and establishing allies meant not pissing people off more than necessary.  Michael would learn.  Dean couldn’t fault him really.  Sometimes an asshole was an asshole was an asshole, and it didn’t matter whose side they supported.
“I’m watching out for him, just like you said,” nodded Dean. “Him and his mate. We’ve got this, Dad.”
Dean took to his belly, and he stretched up to wrap his hands in the headboard.  Castiel squatted down at the end of the bed and fixed his teeth into the back of Dean’s left thigh.  Dean’s eyes flew wide, and sweat erupted from everywhere as the Dom bit down.  Dean screamed, suffuse with adrenalin and endorphins, tightening every muscle until he ached.  Cas held him in his teeth, and he rammed both thumbs into Dean’s entrance, forcing the clenching muscles wide.
Dean’s brows shot up.  Then he laughed a little.  “If I recall, kid, you ate that routine up when he did it for you.”
with my own mate?  What if I don’t want to dig in deeper and devote my whole fucking life to this movement?  Why didn’t we know he was going to do that?  Jesus, Charlie!”
“Suit yourself, beta.  Stay and watch if you like.  It would be good for you to get a feel for our version on Pack discipline.”
my ass, Darius Cain. If you didn’t want it, you should’ve kept your dick in your pants. Now you can live with it.”
Picking at it like a brat was one of Dean’s surest ways to get a response from Castiel.  Cas worried that Dean might prick a sensitive scab that the other two didn’t even realize they were vulnerable to.  He didn’t want Michael or April to fret over something that didn’t matter one whit to him.  Dean knew better.  It wasn’t a sore point for any of them.  Michael had birthed them three children of his own.  Whether B.J. was his or Castiel’s seemed irrelevant all these years later, but the Alpha’s protective guard-keeping was an easy route to stoking him.  For a brat.
Michael chuckled. “I know,” he whispered. “I was hoping you would sleep a little longer. I was watching you come back down out of the clouds. It’s beautiful. You’re beautiful, Dean.”
Gabriel turned toward J.T.’s wide open expression, letting the camera go, and singing to the pup.  His voice was sure and smooth, calm but strong, and he put a southern twang into some of the words, making Jess giggle.  Gabe’s expression entranced the pup who reached up to him, trying to grasp him by the face.  Gabe gave him a pinky to clutch and turned to Hank for the second half of his verse.
Dean hefted his feet into the air and made a grab for the elastic of his underwear.  Michael helped him slide them up his legs.
“Thought Lupin births were s’posed to be easier than apes,” Gabe observed sleepily from his chair in the corner.
“yessir.  I capiche (hiccup), Alpha.”  Castiel hoisted Dean up onto the bed and manhandled him to lay nearly on top of himself, Dean’s chest resting over Castiel’s heartbeat, and Dean’s hip bearing most of his weight beside his Dom’s on the bed.
On the plus side, if casting Dean’s scent about Naomi’s room was the primary goal of the scene, Dean assumed that at the very least he was likely to be granted at least one orgasm tonight. Alpha chuckled softly, ominously, reading Dean’s line of thought from the gleam in his eye. Dean’s blush deepened. Castiel could still take him apart with little more than a look.
She cocked her head and opened herself up to his touch within her mind instead.  He smiled and touched her chin.
“How much I take, and how much he delivers…that is between him and me!  Everyone else can butt right out of it, all right?!  I knew exactly where he was headed, and I knew where he needed to go.  And I made the conscious decision to let him get there.  I GET TO DO THAT, PAM!”  Dean jumped to his feet in fury.  “GODDAMNIT, IF HE GETS TO MAKE CALLS LIKE HE DOES FOR ME, THEN I CAN DO THE SAME FOR HIM!  I’m an alpha!  I’m not a fragile twig that’s gonna snap in a hefty breeze!  I knew it was gonna hurt, but he would NEVER break me!  Never!  Don’t you sit there and look me in the eye and tell me my safety was in danger!  BULLSHIT!  AND FUCK YOU!”
“Nah, he’ll come around.  He doesn’t have a leg to stand on.  Bottom line is that if it’s okay for him, it has to be okay for me.”  He hoped she couldn’t hear that he didn’t believe a word of what he was saying.
A year’s supply of Guinness might make up for however many hours he had to spend in Crowley’s company.
From anger, Dean shifted to despair. He began to talk more to himself than to his Dom, convinced at last that he’d been left alone to suffer.
Cas nodded, satisfied.  “Good work, boys,” he complimented.  “Get your numbers to Donna.  We’ve got a budget deadline coming fast, and she needs the receipts.  Congratulations on another record-breaking convention season.  It will be refreshing to have you home every weekend.  Please remember, we’re adding Keller content next season.  It’s going to get far more complicated to coordinate.  Let’s keep the momentum going.”
“Yessir,” Dean teased.  He put Kathleen beside her sister in the bassinet, and both pups immediately turned their heads toward one another in their sleep.  “That’s amazing.  Did you see that?  They know each other, and they didn’t share a womb.”
“Shit,” Dean breathed. “Yes. Yessir.”  He picked up his pace, easing into it. Castiel maintained his slower rhythm so that they lost all coordination, working at cross-purposes on some strokes and in conjunction to both press in at once on others. Michael flattened his chest against Cas, holding on for dear life and arching his back. Cas grunted and grabbed his hips to hold him level. The Alpha snarled over Michael’s head, ducked down now. Without warning, Castiel picked up the pace and slammed home again and again, lifting his hips by pressing his shoulders into the back of the couch and taking over for all of them.
“Atta boy!” Michael enthused, pulling Dean to his feet. “I knew you could do it.” Michael lowered his head to Dean’s eyelevel as Dean crumpled in on himself in embarrassment. “All you have to do now is learn when to say it, and the whole world opens up to us. I’ll take you to heaven and back any time you want me to, my only love. Just promise me you’ll try. Remember when we met, Dean? I told you I want everything with you. Everything. You’re my dream come true. I was hot for you for years before I knew you. I went to your cons. I watched every appearance that was ever filmed. I studied you on YouTube. I read all your fucking books. God, Dean, I fucking wrote letters to you. Did you get any of them?”
“Can we not?  Can we not do this right now?”  Dean interrupted.  He rolled off the bed.  Cas was right, there was filth smeared all over his and Michael’s side.  They’d brought the cornfield home with them.  “I just asked if you’re okay, not if you have the answers to
Dean thought about it.  “I don’t know, C.J.  Maybe because the two of you exhaust me with your evasions and miscues.  Like, every time she looks at you, you’re looking the other way, and every time you look at her, she’s Tertiary.  I can’t do this for you, but I don’t know how to get you both to quit dancing around and just
“I’m moving to College Station, down in Texas?  I got in to study engineering, just like I wanted.  Like I planned.”
“If I haven’t told you today,” Cas whispered into his left ear, above the spot where no scar marred the curve of his shoulder.  “It’s still Yes!”  He growled out the last with an intensity that went straight to Dean’s groin.
Dean ducked his head for a moment but then rallied and joined Michael who slipped down to his knees at Dean’s feet.  Dean turned to face Cas, but he reached a hand back and felt Michael’s warm dry hand slide into his.
Michael mumbled an apology and left the garage with the duffel bag over his shoulder. Cas settled back in the seat and collected himself. That conversation had gone about as smoothly as he’d expected. Michael still needed to bounce his nerves and his reluctance off Dean.
Finding that same boy near the front row of Castiel’s “Intro to Psych” class sent a satisfied smugness sparking through his wolf’s possessive side. The beast wanted this boy front and center where he could see and watch over him. Castiel kept it all muted though. He wasn’t about to make a move on a student, especially not a freshman. Jesus, he wasn’t
Castiel examined her mind internally, and she reached back through to reciprocate, earning a soft chuckle from her mate. “We both needed that,” he agreed quietly. “It’s going to be a long drive to New York and a long and arduous experience for all of us; for you most of all. You’ll let us know if you feel off-kilter again, won’t you.” It wasn’t a question.
There are still many loose ends to tie up, but I'm trying to start tying them up instead of always adding more.  I'm also trying like hell to move things along faster than a single day or half-day per chapter.  Chalk it up to inexperience.  I know there has to be a way.  Even Tolkien didn't keep this slow a pace.
“Don’t do it again,” he told her in all seriousness, as if that cat was ever going back in the bag, and she laughed and ‘Yessir’d’ him with another blush.
"Jesus fuck!” the man accidentally exclaimed. The temperature in the room pulsed as he lost his footing for a moment before regathering himself. Dean waggled unnecessarily as he set his knees. If the client was going to offer him an in, the brat would take the lure and play with it.
“You won’t be in trouble for anything you say, Dean. You have my permission to say anything at all. Please begin.”
personal, damnit—to me, to Michael. Benny, tell your lead officer that not every instance of disobedience requires him to break out the maple-wood.” Dean squared up to the head of Sam’s department, who put his hands up defensively.
Jack scratched the pointed tip of his ear. “You jumped at the chance to punish me in public to see how I’d respond to your authority?”
“Here, Jess,” Sam tossed her his washrag.  “I know one way to get you to feel like family.”  He gestured her over to the sink and nodded toward the dirty dishes.  Jess thought about digging in and refusing, but a look from Sam and the realization of how that would look to Cas after she just threw his mate under the bus put her to work quickly.  “Good girl,” Sam whispered darkly, with a stinging smack to her ass.
“Deal. Thanks, Jody.” Michael unbuckled his belt, unsnapped his jeans, and shimmied out of his pants with his phone tucked into his shoulder. He didn’t mention that he was already roped into helping for as long as they needed him, whether he wanted to or not. He suspected Jody knew that.
April squeaked an acceptance. Kali gestured Dean to continue undressing, and he began removing his shirt and explaining himself at the same time. “It’s not our intent to appropriate Indian culture, Kali. We know this is unconventional, but I don’t know of any other options that will get the message that I need to send across as clearly as this ceremony will do it.”  She nodded without looking at him, selecting pins to fill her wristband cushion, but she beckoned him into explaining further.
The start-of-session pep talk always energized Dean, but he felt off this morning, high-fiving his staff on their way to mold impressionable minds and bodies.  Dean had no class of his own, and it was eating him from the inside.  Soon the space was empty except for Dean, Sam, and Jody.
Someone’s tongue touched Dean’s rim between Raphe’s fingers, and Dean and Raphael both groaned.  It delved in deeper, letting Raphael stretch him open to make way for a thorough tongue-fucking.  Dean’s fingers clutched at the bedding.  He started to drop his head again, and then stopped himself.  Sweat erupted from his pores.
“No, Michael. Those are the Pack Winchester standing house rules that every member must adhere to. Dean and I talked them out and enumerated them together. Each Omega and each Submissive can expect to have others set by their Top. You will be expected to follow all of the rules that apply to you, and I trust Dean to communicate the remaining appropriate rules to you at the appropriate time.”
“Because I would have had to talk you into it.  Now it’s done.  And you’ll see.  It’s going to be perfect.”  Kali’s failure to get upset was pissing Dean off.  She stood back and assessed the fit.  She stepped up with a frown and tugged firmly a couple of times on the waist to adjust the fall of the pleats, and then she put a few pins in her mouth and got to work.
“Let me make something crystal clear to you, Omega,” Cas told him.  “The experience I have planned for Dean tonight is between him and me.  You will observe, but you will not participate.  I expect you to play host to the wealth of guests you invited into our home without my permission, and I expect you to behave yourself and keep your eyes on your work.  Dean is mine this evening.  If you had alternate plans, that’s too bad.  I’m taking custody of him under my authority as Alpha.  I won’t hear a word of complaint.  I don’t want to hear anything from you but ‘Yes, Sir’.”
“Finish that sentence, Omega, and I’ll lay you over my knee for insubordination.”  Dean grimaced as he bottomed out, but he didn’t abort.  Michael groaned at the tightness.
Dean looked over his shoulder, breaking off from kissing Michael. “Knot me, Alpha. Please. I need you so bad,” Dean begged simply.
“You can answer that, you know. Tweet something.” Dean took a drink and then nudged Castiel’s glass closer to his husband with two fingers at its base. “And drink something. Need you to lighten up a little.”
intimately. The comments flitted in and out of Dean’s ears without landing. He was past the point where he could comprehend them. Every ounce of attention he had was pointed to keeping his hands and knees where they were and in being ready for the next touch, toward being good for Castiel, whether the Dominant was watching actively or not.
Michael’s gentle, adoring visage changed to cold instructor when he looked from Adam to Garth. “On your knees, beta. Get to fucking him. I want him moaning on your cock but keep your goddamn hands off my property.”
Dean continued softly. “Plus, we’re waiting to hear from Gabe, the FBI, and Cas’ little ape researcher. There’s a journalist from Rolling Stone coming to the house next week. I have to figure out how to Top the un-Toppable.”
The house was quiet at long last, and Castiel carried his son into the kitchen cradling Alex’s head high on his shoulder where the scent would be powerful.  The pup wriggled, struggling to pull higher, nearer the Alpha’s throat, seeking.
“That would depend upon your Keller score. I understand you haven’t yet been tested. That would need to be remedied. You can expect to be ranked between Sam and Jess if my guess is correct, and it usually is. That puts you fourth overall.”
“Omegas make excellent parents,” she shot back. “The pup isn’t going to care who shot the sperm at whose egg. Be the mom anyway if that’s what your Omega tells you is right. Seriously, Gabe. Kids don’t care. They want love and security and trust. They want affection, direction, protection…hey, that’s a rhyme sequence. I should work that into some lyrics.”
“Michael, listen to me,” she said seriously. “I know what has you worried, and it isn’t your father. It isn’t fear that you’ll turn into someone brutal. Look at me, Son. I know you better than anyone—better than April, better than Dean—because I know who you were before you were the wonderful man you are now. You don’t have it in you to hurt that young woman any more than you could hurt me. And deep down, you know that.”
“You are the custodian of my property, Dean Winchester.  You are to keep it healthy, safe, protected, and OUT OF THE GRIMY HANDS OF THOSE MONGREL DOGS!!!  DO I MAKE MYSELF CRYSTAL CLEAR?!?”
Michael took a step backwards and turned away from the piano to face the tall windows, but he didn’t stop singing. His voice was rich and strong. His vibrato minimal but controlled. Someone had given Michael lessons at some point, although he was clearly out of practice. April let him lead, adjusting her tempo, her pacing, to his. It was a song that he could easily identify personally with if he chose to dig into it. It was a song any Omega could identify with. Michael didn’t play up the emotion. He simply sang.
Dean laughed, but Castiel answered seriously. “It’s an early response to the pregnancy hormones,” he told Michael. The uterus will expand and begin to force its way above your intestines. Before it makes space for itself, it can press against your spine enough to cause pain or even damage. One of the earliest changes a pregnant Omega usually notices is a gathering of fluids around his hips and across his lower back. The fluids will be replaced by fat deposits over the next few weeks, creating a cushion between the uterus and the spine, like an airbag in a car.”
“Supplicant’s position, Pet,” said Castiel coldly.  Dean leaned down until his face and chest were on the ground and his arms stretched out in front of him.  He was forced to break eye contact.  He couldn’t see anything but firmly padded surface.  He controlled his breathing with great effort and struggled not to cry out when a sharp sting shot across both of his feet.  Cas knew he hated having his feet caned.  The cane popped again, and Dean yiped, rocking back in a miniscule and aborted motion to protect his naked feet.  He grimaced and then held.  Cas popped him one more time, and Dean whined.
“But, Sir, I’ve got Michael on the hook tonight for unsportsmanlike behavior. I can’t follow up with him if I’m waiting for you.”
“We need to go in, man.  It’s too cold to be out here naked.  We can walk the hallways all you want.”
“Sure, Dean.”  Sam didn’t seem to think anything of it, but Dean could feel smugness pouring off the Alpha.
Dean jerked off his barstool, immediately awake and alert.  Also pissed.  He spun around, rubbing the pained spot with his hand and fixing Sam with an alpha glare.  “Damnit Sam!  Fuck, that hurt!  You
“Try what, Bobby?” asked Dean explosively.  “He knows everything there is to know now. At least, I think he does.”  Dean turned a piercing look at April.  “He does, right?”
Cas castigated himself internally.  He had known.  He did it on purpose because he wanted to know how honest Dean would be with his appraisal afterward.  Holy fuck, the man was perfect.  “Dean, I owe you an apology.”
He couldn’t deny that his anatomy had responded though. It might not have been enjoyable, exactly, but he had shot off all over himself without a hand on him. That was a first.
He grimaced in frustration. “How do I convince you, love? I don’t want to live like that.” Cas gripped her in a tight embrace.
“It means I’m weak, Rachel.  Everyone around me is stronger than I am.  I’m a sitting duck, and now I’ve got a baby to protect, and I can’t do it.  I can’t protect myself, let alone a pup.”  Michael’s pacing picked up.
“Thanks Rufus. I appreciate your help.”  Jody told him sincerely. She liked him a lot. She expected they’d get along swimmingly once they got to know each other. Jody always preferred a straightforward, even gruff personality if it were genuine, to someone who was hard to read and fake no matter how nice they could seem.
Cas paused a moment and tilted his head slightly, regarding her. At last he said, “Because I believe you will benefit from the position. It’s all right, beta. This is not a punishment.” Another pause, and then, “Trust me, Sarah. I know you are grieving. I know tonight’s ritual may be difficult for you even if we do it behind closed doors. You may lean into Kali for support if you like.”
The bruising on Dean’s ass was fading quickly now.  In the past, he always hated how quickly his body erased Castiel’s marks, but right now he couldn’t get rid of them fast enough.  He wanted a Michael-spanking, and he was fucking tired of waiting for it.  Dean hummed as he cooked.  He mixed up a perfect ratio of milk and egg batter to use for French toast and put a pan of real maple syrup on a back burner to warm, not turning the fire on yet – just getting it ready for whenever Michael emerged.
Tears wetted Michael’s hair as Dean pulled him in tightly and wept into his mate’s head.  Michael struggled to free a hand from the tightly wrapped blanket and wrapped his arm around his mate.  “I’m okay, Dean.  Little weirded out, but okay.  Help me sit up.”
“Thanks for last night, Michael.  That was incredible.  And I feel really good this morning.  The big breakfast is your thank you.”
“Thank you, Michael.  Please be careful.  We’re all in uncharted waters right now.”  Castiel looked like he was only holding himself up by willpower.  It didn’t make sense.  It was just a pup, and it was only a delay.  Wasn’t it?  Why were they all acting like it was the end of everything?  Michael wanted to stay and grill the Alpha, but Dean needed him more.
“I don’t have time for this, Alpha,” Billie moaned with her head in her hands. That earned a full belly-laugh, reminding her she’d get no sympathy on that front from the poster boy of making time.
The wolf took over, leaving Castiel to ride the wave helplessly.  He would breed her, fill her small belly, create life and Pack within her body.  So many puppies.  Castiel could already feel them plumping her from within as he groaned into his movements.  The pull in his gut flared to a burn so intense, he knew she could feel it spilling over.  All his life was a matter of waiting for this moment – for a chance to breed, and Castiel went for it with abandon.
“Gabriel, you and I put you back together after the accident. You and I rebuilt you after your miscarriage. I’ve seen you when you fall apart, and I know how dark you can get. Don’t presume to tell me that it’s not my place to protect you.”
Cas nodded sagely.  “It seems to me that a True-mate may be the only person alive who’s in a position to try to name your motivations to you.  Is he right?”
Benny smiled too.  “You’re a damned good man, Sam.  Go out there and teach apes how to lay a strap down the right way, without shame or hesitation.  Get a new perspective on the other species than we’ve had before.  Take it six people at a time if you need to, but work it out.  Keep going with Sarah, and let her guide you around them just like you’re doing with her for us.  I’m telling you, Winchester, this is where we break through.  Let’s stop trying to protect folks from the truth, stop trying to avoid pissing off the elements of our own guard that aren’t ever going to get on board, and just lay it all out there, exactly as it is.”
“That was bullshit, sir. You didn’t even do that one eyebrow thing; didn’t even break a sweat. You’ve been working with Michael,” Dean guessed.
Dean stayed beside him, helping Charlie to explain the process and what she was doing as her fingers probed inside him. Michael realized that he would have preferred to have had Castiel here rather than Charlie in spite of her professional demeanor, and that surprised him too.
Rog snapped his head to the side, and the widening of his eyes was all the reward Dean needed.  He grinned wide and happy as his hands kept right on inking out a satiny flow of sex.  “Dean Winchester!  What the hell you doin’ here, boy?  Thought you moved up to concert halls and cotillions.”
“Come on, Dean.  I want to see what April’s up to.  Matt will be here in the morning to get started on her work plan.”
April shot Dean an exasperated look, but answered anyway, turning her eyes to her mate.  “Everything about your emotions suggests it’s your brother who has you riled up, but you feel the need to take care of an Omega in distress, and you seem to be turning to Michael to fill the void.  You’re still oriented toward the bedroom, not the chair in front of you.  Sir, the difference is very clear.  Forgive me if that’s overstepping.”
In more personal news, we're still not flooded and we still have power going into the third day of Hurricane Harvey (stupidest name for a storm ever).  Levees on our major rivers will be opened tomorrow (Monday) to relieve pressure behind the dams which is expected to cause 800-year flood conditions.  They don't have any topographical computer models for that amount of water. There's no way to know yet what will happen to all of us downstream.  I'm not in the path directly, and am not in the evacuation zone, so we're sitting tight.  We have food and water and family, and we're dry.
Dean ducked his head into his bedroom where Michael was laid out on the bed with headphones in his ears and a laptop open on his lap.
Dean let himself take a deep breath. “It only works if they really think they deserve it, and it only works up to about the age of twenty-eight. After that, it’s pointless. Prime alphas don’t respond to spanking.” His blood burned in his veins, throbbing across his ass. It took every ounce of self-control to keep his hands on the holds instead of soothing his butt.
Dean sniffled.  A teardrop fell off the tip of his nose, the lowest point of his face at the moment.
“Not particularly.”  Dean somehow felt stranger about baring his feet than he did about standing in his underwear.
“It is.  But I’m not going to explain it to you again.  You need to do some thinking.  You’ll get your recorder and your notes back tomorrow.  Expect Castiel to want to talk them over with you.”
Now he was stuck again with damage control. He held Dean, kissed his head, sighed, and set his shoulders. He could do this.
Benny shifted to speak to Billie. “You’re on damage control. Watch the communications and put your ear to the tracks. We need to respond to the very first rumors out of that place. That will be our point of origination for any moves we decide to make. Once the info is leaked, we can move.”
Michael huffed humorlessly.  “We studied it in class,” he admitted.  “Each of us got a chance to try to find the harmonic that sets it off, but no one in my class got anywhere close.  It was funny, actually.  All of these pompous dweebs shouting at each other trying to pretend they had powers of compulsion, going red in the face and spitting everywhere.”  Michael chuckled.  “No one expected an Omega to be able to do it.  I think they only let me try because I’m Castiel’s in-law.  Or Dean’s mate.  Whatever.”
“Babe, you have one job right now, and that’s to take care of April and the pups.  You let Michael and me handle everything else.”
Dean grinned wide and cranked the volume up.  “Dude!  I’m so fucking proud of you,” he shouted over the radio.  Sam laughed, threw his head back, and sang.
“It was, I suppose,” Fred acknowledged.  “None of the Novaks of those generations Presented as Omegas, and that allowed them to miss much of the tragedy that struck all around them.  Alpha Gertrude’s Ruts were rapidly hushed affairs.  From my perspective as a child, she seemed to grow ill a couple of times a year, just as many people do, and she was hustled away for a few days with her mate closely attending her.  I didn’t know until I was perhaps twelve, what was actually happening.  Of course, my father knew.  It was his job to provide them with food and clean bedding.”  Fred’s face softened.
“I don’t have a sob story to tell you, if that’s what you need,” she said stiffly. “I don’t have a nephew who died at the hands of a deranged Lupin, or a wolf ex-boyfriend who made me curious to learn more. Sir, I just feel driven to understand people. It’s what I was born to do. I got into the field of Lupin studies because there is so much happening right now, and it fascinates me. Every tidbit I learn sends me off into four new directions. I can’t know enough. I can’t learn fast enough. It keeps me awake at night, but I don’t know why. Alpha, please let me do this. You need an ape ally, and I need to fill this hole in my gut. I’ll do whatever you say. Please, sir. I won’t get in the way. I won’t betray your trust.”
Cas sighed. He looked up at the ceiling, pulled his thoughts together and settled his eyes back on Dean. “Tell it to me as simply as you can. Tell me exactly what you want from me. I know you’ve said it before but say it again.”
“Liar,” Dean accused, narrowing his eyes. “You can do it, I believe you, but it’s going to hurt like cauterizing a wound. I know you better than that, Cas. You need her, or at least the thought of her.”
Michael chuckled again at his mate’s fuzziness.  Dean shuffled across to his desk and fluttered about on his keyboard for a few minutes before giving it up and joining Michael on the couch again, making out with his mate comfortably until the alarm sounded on his phone.  Dean’s hand reluctantly left Michael’s soft belly to silence his alarm tone, and he even more reluctantly disentangled his tongue from his mate’s.
“Hey!!”  Charlie’s fingers snapped in his face, and Michael startled to realize he’d drifted away again.
Cas traced the center line of Dean’s perineum with his middle finger, down to the soft flesh of his hole. He circled it with his finger as his mouth suckled and slobbered, trading soft licks for hard suction, and bringing Dean’s knot up into a hard bulge at the base of his cock. Dean couldn’t tear his eyes away.
“Yeah, but maybe that’s not what Kate needs.  Look, a professional persona is one thing.  I understand why my wolf can’t be a part of that.  But at home, with my Pack… it may be weird or creepy or stupid to you, but this is who I am.  My wolf is a world-class asshole, but most of the time, he gets this one thing right.  No one hurts my Pack.  No one goes without care and attention in
“Papa!!!” Kat wailed. She climbed out of her bed and galumphed tiredly toward Cas, clinging tightly to his legs. She took an ominously deep breath, winding up to scream.
“GET OFF OF HIM!”  A rush of motion and another scrabbling body announced the arrival of yet another wolf to interfere, but Dean wasn’t having it.  He stood over his mate’s supine form and roared at the newcomer with all his might.  The Omega, for his part wasn’t taking it lying down either.  He was regaining his breath and attempting to stand, using Dean’s pants leg to crawl his way up.
There's a Dub-con near the end.  Dean is taken by surprise and hasn't had a chance to weigh in on what Michael's got in store for him.  For wolves, what happens is not out of bounds, but it's still not kosher.
“This is nuts, man,” whined Dean.  “There’s nothing that doesn’t look like…like…fuck, I don’t know, but…
“It works however we want it to work, Castiel. The pups’ mother was rescued from an illegal breeding kennel. She never existed legally, right? There’s no record that her pups exist except in Christian’s records. From the state’s view, they’ll be foundlings. You haven’t answered my question. Can you give me any reason we can’t have them?” Sam stayed calm and seemed rational although his confrontational arguments had the potential to spark the Alpha to anger if Sam wasn’t careful.
Michael sang the hymns of his childhood.  It fed a part of him that he’d only glanced at in years; a side that had nearly starved from neglect.  As a pup, it would have been tied to his childhood Submissive, but now…now it went straight to his Omega designation, and it vibrated with emotion he wasn’t prepared to feel.  Dean didn’t hesitate to put a hand around his shoulders and pull him in close.
Dean didn’t make it four steps in the door before pulling up sharply and freezing in his tracks.  Gabriel was already nude, in all his glory on the dance floor, grinding himself into Meg in the nasty version of dirty dancing, and they were both having a blast.  Dean rolled his eyes, took a drink, and searched for Gabe’s new wife.  He spotted her at the back of the room chatting with Garth and Sarah.
house, then I expect your obedience. If I direct you to stand alpha-proud at my shoulder and back my word to the entire world, I expect your obedience.”
“You’re sleeping on my couch anyway, you lightweight,” said Charlie in her most dominant voice.  “And no more scotch for you.  I don’t want to answer for why you show up to work hungover.”
“How are you so sanguine about this? I’ve never hit you that hard before, and you weren’t even in your wolf! You had no protection at all. How can you be okay with it?” Cas applied another coat of ointment, checking each skin break.
“100% wrong, Neil.  Thanks for guessing, and get your chubby buttoned in before I come back there and smack it.  No.  Omegas are in a class by themselves because they are in a class by themselves.  They deserve the highest level of attention and respect we can give them.  You lot (much as I love you), can get by just fine on instinct and reading through a pamphlet from your high school Health teacher.  You’re not going to go insane if you get this wrong, you’ll just be really uncomfortable.  And by the way, Neil, and anyone else who thinks Omegas are toys to play with – I am 100% deadly serious.  You get zero warnings in this class or anywhere in this Facility.  You keep your body parts and your comments to yourselves, or your ass will pay the price.  Do it twice, and you’re kicked out for good.  While you’re a student here, you fuck only when instructed, and you are NOT going to be allowed to fuck any Omega students.  I’m gonna teach you respect if I have to pound it into you.  Clear?”
She slackened her howling slowly with a decrescendo, a gradual release of pressure across Jim’s chest as the volume subsided. The girl kept her eyes averted, but she was checking him out peripherally. Her blonde hair hung in dank mats. Her shirt was torn down the left side. Her belt hung loose in its loops, unfastened completely. She panted like a wild thing and eyed the water, kneeling on the floor with her hands clutching the table.
“Nonsense,” Michael interjected.  “It’s just a party, really.  People plan parties in less time than that every day.”
Dean sucked in a breath.  Of course Cas had noticed.  He noticed everything.  Slowly Dean worked his eyes up until they found Cas’.  He had a ring of red still showing at the edge of his irises.
“Good.  I’d like you to shower and then place yourself in the middle of the bed, on your knees.  I’ll wait.”
Mary nodded. “Dean, hold on, son. You’re okay. I’m taking you home. Just be still and quiet. You’re almost home, alpha.”
Michael fetched a thick comforter from the closet and threw it over them. He crawled back in. “She’s okay,” Michael said out loud, even though Castiel needed no assurance. They read her through different lines of connection, but each man could see enough to assess her status.
“What?  Oh, shit.  Wait!  Alpha, I’m sorry.”  She got up and skipped after him, trying to catch up without pissing him off further.
“There’s a pitcher in the front Omega calling room,” Dean told her.  “I thought we could talk in there.  It’s small and private.  Is that okay?”
“Hands around my neck, Pet,” Castiel instructed.  Dean laced his fingers around his husband’s neck like a Freshman at the school dance.  A nod between them.  And Castiel let his wolf go.  He set his feet and thrust up hard and bestial, bracing Dean’s slick body as it slid across the wall in his own sweat.  Dean’s head thumped against the wood, not hard enough to hurt but enough to keep him from thinking anything but this very moment.  Castiel’s hips flew.  The sound of thumping, slapping, squeaking skin as it slipped in its own sweat against the woodgrain paneling, and grunting breaths, echoed obscenely through the hall, down the myriad directional passageways, sending a message of ownership to every corner of the house.
“I’ve got you, Pet. I’ll hold you together.” Cas nosed down Dean’s temple to find his lips and delve in deep, opening his mouth and finding Dean’s tongue with his own. Cas pressed forward until Dean settled onto his back on the couch. He shifted Dean’s outer leg free until he could press in close against his groin and roll his hips. Dean moaned, clutching Cas’ shoulder across his back and pulling.
“What does that do to April and me? Our Mating papers said Novak because you’re Alpha, even though we’ve both been going by Winchester.” As a details guy, Michael needed it spelled out for him, and Cas understood.
“One last thing, Hey! Listen up!  Ever notice that when we write, we always capitalize ‘Omega’ and only ‘alpha’ when referring to a Pack Alpha, even when it’s an honorific on someone’s name?”
