Steve drew in a trembling breath, let it out slowly. “Yes alpha.”
Sometime later he became aware of Tony’s palms rubbing up and down his back, raised his head to greet him with a smile. “Morning.”
“Everything alright, honey?”
Steve tried to force the blush down, but could feel his face burning anyway. “I want my cage back.”
“What’s the matter, honey? You need me to stop playing with your little cock? Shove something in that greedy hole instead?”
"It... Definitely worked..." He panted, muscles clenching as he got closer to the edge. It felt so damned good, finally having Tony touching him, that he wasn't expecting him to abruptly pull out.  Steve groaned, hips still rolling against nothing, chasing the phantom sensations. "Tony, please!"
A hot mouth slid down Steve’s neck, over the sensitive bond bite, jolting him back to reality. Tony’s hands slid around his ribs to cup his pecs, kneading them roughly, digging into the hard tissue. It was incredibly painful, but at the same time he could feel sparks of pleasure running down his spine. Without realizing it, his hips were rocking against Tony’s lap, grinding down against the plug. “Tony… Tony, please…”
When the elevator reached the penthouse, he lifted him by the same grip, forcing Steve to wrap his legs around Tony’s waist or risk falling. They tumbled onto the bed, rolling across it’s surface, ending with Steve on his back and Tony on his knees over him. He didn’t waste a second, shredding the clothes from his body, leaving Steve panting and wanting.
“I said, that I wanted you desperate and begging. Pushed to your limit. And then to tell you no. Over and over again.”
Steve nodded, remembering how it felt at the time. Knowing that he would never see his best friend again. “Then what happened?” He asked, trying to distract himself from remembering that sense of loss.
Steve nodded. "Yes, Sir."
“Oh sweetheart. Is that what you think?” Tony slid from the chair to sit beside him on the floor. He stroked through Steve’s hair soothingly, which only made him cry harder. “I know you don’t want to hear this, but you were mistreated when you were a child. Too young to know better. I’m trying to help you. Fix some of the damage that’s been done, so you can be healthy and happy. Do you understand, Steve?”
Steve turned his tear streaked face to look at Stark over his shoulder. “Alpha? You… You knew about this…?”
"Yes. Yes, please Tony!" He could feel it building, just outside of his reach, the orgasm he had been denied last night, stronger than before. His wrists twisted against the silk as he writhed under Tony's touch. "Please."
A slight flush colored the older man's cheeks. Steve could feel his heart start pounding in his chest. "Tony!"
"Yeah, probably. So... Is this the part where we talk about some of the things that our Doms do to us and compare notes?"
Steve’s eyes grew wide. “What did he do to you?”
He bit his lip, felt that pang of guilt from the shower again. "Yeah."
They tumbled onto the bed, touching and kissing. Reassuring themselves that the other was safe. Tony pressed Steve onto his back, parting his thighs and sliding between them. "I need you tonight."
A few days later found them both covered with slime facing off with another alien sorcerer who decided it was a great idea to conquer the Earth. Complete with gelatinous constructs he kept pulling from the ground that exploded over the team covering them in a rain of goo every time they were defeated.
Steve sobbed as a few final strikes were laid against his tightly clenched entrance, the pain forcing him to soften completely. He dimly heard the sounds of Tony walking away over his own tears. When he returned to stand behind him, Steve watched helplessly as Tony reached between his wide spread thighs to feed his spent cock and balls into a heavy metal cage. Just like the collar had earlier, the metal seemed to liquify, spreading over and tightening around his flesh until it was completely encased before curving his cock back on itself and hardening, fastening in place with a soft sound.
"Yeah." He took a shuddering breath.
Steve turned back to the box, carefully opening it and studying the contents before placing several items on the bed. His selections for the night made, he set the box on the floor and climbed onto the mattress. He’d done this often enough that he knew exactly how it should go, where to start. Step one was lube. Just enough to be a little slick, to start stretching his hole around a couple of fingers. Not much. He wanted the stretch from the vibrator to be a lot. Once that was done, it was time to attach the vibrator to the headboard, slicking the surface with more lube once it was secure.
Steve moaned loudly as he was split open on the plug, stretched wider than he’d been on Tony’s cock. Steve shuddered helplessly when it was fully in place, his rim squeezing repeatedly around the thick neck, the base resting flat against the curve of his ass. The widest part of the plug settled near his opening, pressing against all of Steve’s sensitive glands, just like Tony had intended. Mimicking a knot.
“No. I was left in a room alone to take care of the problem until it was over.”
Steve collapsed onto the bed, tears pouring down his cheeks. A new pattern began. The vibrations would build him up, push him over the edge, followed by a painful shock to ruin his release. Steve was unbearably oversensitive, clawing at the sheets beneath him, hips jerking frantically, trying to escape the onslaught. But there was no escape. He was completely in Tony’s control.
Steve cleared his suddenly dry throat. "I can do that."
In some ways it was exactly when he expected. Big and bright, filled to the brim with technology that Steve couldn’t even begin to understand. But there were no robots scurrying across the room. No piles of coffee mugs and plates. It was neat, clean, and quiet. Steve followed him across the enormous room to a corner set up with a variety of padded benches and machines, each fitted with it’s own restraints. Tony pointed to one that was low to the ground, with a soft mat surrounding it. Steve immediately dropped to his knees and bent over it. His wrists, thighs, and ankles were secured, leaving him spread open and helpless once again.
"I did promise you, Steve. Good boys get dessert." Tony reached out and grasped Steve's wrists, pinning them down beside his head. Finally he leaned forward and began to devour his mouth once more. The kiss was heated, and Steve's body felt like it was going up in flames. He wanted to cling onto Tony, to reach up and grip the lapels of his suit jacket, to hold on tight. But he couldn't. Somehow, he couldn't bring himself to break the grip Tony had on his wrists.
“I don’t think you do. And I haven’t had a chance to play with these gorgeous tits yet. That’s not fair to me, is it baby?”
"Alright." Steve carried their dishes back into the kitchen, put them in the sink, then returned to the living room. Tony was stretched out on the couch, a movie cued up on the television.
Tony retrieved a particularly overwhelming toy from the cabinet. He was a greedy man, wanting to see both of his boys completely fall apart for him. Returning to his side, Tony motioned for James to bend himself over the back of the chair, making sure Steve was watching before he continued. Stepping deliberately behind Steve, he slid his fingers through the slick dripping down the omega’s thighs, before moving back to James and carefully opening him just enough to be able to easily take the toy. Steve moaned helplessly, hips rolling into the air at the sight.
“It’s alright, sweetheart. We’re done now. Such a good boy letting me be so very mean to you.” He gathered Steve into his arms once more, placing gentle kisses over his damp face and slack lips. “The things I want to do to you. Hell, the things you let me do to you. You are so fucking perfect Steve.”
Bucky laughed. “Yeah, well. I’ve been a POW for what? Seventy years? I wanted to see if I could still provide the Bucky Barnes experience.”
"Do you need to use your word?"
Tony groaned in his ear once he was fully sheathed inside Steve's body. "You feel so fucking good, baby. Nothing I ever imagined could come close to this." He began to move, sliding back slowly until just the head was still inside, then slamming deep, pulling back on Steve's hips until he had him angled so he could slam into his prostate with each hard thrust.
"Well, I don't have to listen to idiots talk, which helps, and I get to spend all day rewarding my good boy. So yeah, definitely cheerful."
Nanobyte manacles were fastened around Steve’s wrists and ankles. A single thought from Tony would be enough to control them, immobilizing the strong omega in an instant, in any position Tony wished. He had a feeling that would be necessary. Sooner rather than later. Other implements of similar construction were waiting at the tower. Whether he knew it or not, Steve would dictate how this played out. If he could be obedient, it would be easier on him. Tony grinned. Somehow, he doubted the man even knew how. This was going to be fun.
"Good." Warm, soft lips brushed against his. Gentle, so very gentle. "Good boy. You gonna let me take care of you? Buy you pretty things, and dress you up so everyone looking at you knows you're mine?"
“No. Not that I’m aware of. Can you explain it to me?” Tony reached out, almost as though he hadn’t intended to do it, and began stroking Steve’s hair. He sighed softly, let his head rest against Tony’s knee as he gathered his thoughts.
“It’s been a long time since I’ve taken a sub. And never one as pretty as you. I want to play with you, baby. See how far I can push you. Will you let me?”
"Mean what, sweetheart?"
Steve slowly drifted back to awareness, rolling over onto his back on the silk sheets. His skin felt hot and tight, his cock throbbing almost painfully in the confines of the cage. He wanted to rip it off and stroke himself until he came over and over again. The yearning coiling in the pit of his stomach was so intense it was almost unbearable. Never in his entire life had he felt anything so strongly. The slight breeze, the feel of the silk beneath him, were both enough to have him squirming on the bed.
I know this is a bit of a departure from some of the sweeter and fluffier stories that I’ve already done. Hopefully I’m not the only person enjoying it. Please let me know what you think!
“It’s my pleasure. Come on. Breakfast is ready and waiting. I got waffles.” Tony led the way into the living room, fixed coffee for both of them and sat down at the table. He payed close attention to Steve as they ate.
“Yeah Stevie, I was. I couldn’t get my Da’s voice out of my head. I thought listening to my instincts made me a failure. Better than our biology. Wasn’t that what they always told us?”
“Okay, enough of this, let go of the headboard, come up here. I want to hold you.”
“It’s a start.” Tony’s hand came down on his cheek with a loud crack, the pain making him cry out. Without giving him a chance to recover, the blows continued falling. There didn’t seem to be any pattern to where the hits would fall, and before long it didn’t matter. The entire expanse of Steve’s ass and thighs felt hot and swollen. Each strike seemed to ache more, the pain lingering, and still Tony didn’t stop. He fought it for as long as he could, but eventually it simply hurt too much, reducing Steve to tears. Tony continued to spank him until the soft cries became heavy sobs. When he finally stopped, the area continued to throb and burn. Steve sniffled, trying to clear his nose so he could breathe. A tissue was held in place, and without a word, Steve obeyed the silent command. Tony gave him a few moments to compose himself before flipping Steve around so he was sitting on his lap. All his weight rested on his sore ass, the fabric of Tony’s jeans chaffing horribly against the tender skin. He tried to struggle free, but that only made his situation worse.
"Come on then." Tony led them, not into the bedroom, but to a doorway beside it. Steve had never given it much thought, assuming it to be a spare room. This had to be what the websites had been talking about when they mentioned a dungeon. The room was filled with benches and tables, gleaming silver restraints everywhere. Tony walked to a clear space in the center of the room. "Strip and stand here."
And now, on with the show!
Steve listened to Tony's breathing slow. His murmured endearments becoming soft and slurred. "Such a good boy... My good boy... All mine... I love you..."
Steve ignored the flush he could feel rising in his cheeks. “That was mean, Tony. Really, really mean.”
Steve flung himself against his chest, feeling strong arms wrap tight around him, for just a moment feeling impossibly fragile and young. "Tony..."
"Good. Then I think you're going to enjoy this."
Bucky guided them to the sofa, pulling Steve down next to him, still keeping him close. “I got picked up after that one protest, but I assume you remember that part. They hauled me in to one of the clinics. I took out two orderlies before they had me sedated for an exam. Before I knew what was happening, I ended up at the commission.”
"Well. You did take your punishment so well. Such a good boy. Is that what you want, Steve?"
“It doesn’t matter.” Steve shrugged, chewing on his lower lip nervously. “I mean, if you’re asking what I’m used to, I’d say nothing. The SSR demanded that I rise above my biology. Since the serum didn’t make me an alpha, they were bound and determined that I would not act like an omega. I can… I can do that again. It’s fine.”
"Yes. That's what I want right now. So I'll ask again. Do you need to use your word?"
"Whatever I want, right? That is what you promised earlier, if I would just let you come. Which I did. Because I am a kind and generous man."
Tony placed a soft kiss on his hair. “Never, sweetheart. I could never walk away from you. You’re all mine. And I’m yours.”
“Not a morning person, or not happy to see me?”
Tony took a seat in the closest chair, studying him. “Now, are you going to let me feed you, or are you going to act up some more?”
Steve smiled in spite of himself. “Let me finish! I was thinking about us, and how much I wish I had someone to talk to about everything. And then… It made me think of Bucky.”
“Well, if my sweet boy can’t take anymore, I’ll just have to find a different way to take care of him. Isn’t that right?” Without waiting for a response, Tony locked his forearm over Steve’s hips, pinning him against the bed before pressing an ice pack firmly against his throbbing cock. Steve screamed, struggling against his grip, trying to get away but too sapped of energy to succeed. He finally collapsed back helplessly, sobbing as Tony shifted the pack around, making sure to cover every inch of him, until he was soft and limp under his hands.
“That’s better. You abuse the privileges you have, you lose them, honey. Better get that one through your head quick.” Tony picked up a small vial, filling a syringe with a heavy dose of the silvery liquid inside. When he turned back around, Steve tried to duck his head, protecting his neck from the contents, muffled pleading noises audible from behind the gag.
As much as he didn’t want to, Steve felt a small amount of sympathy for the man. His current situation wasn’t what he wanted it to be, but it was better than a slow painful death. The rest of his words began to sink in and Steve looked up at him in shock. “Wait. You stabilized?”
“Good. Are you ready for your punishment?”
Tony tightened his grip, stroking over Steve’s cock harder, feeling him shudder violently. “You’re welcome, pet. See? You can be good for me after all.” It was a low blow, but effective. Steve buried his face against Tony’s stomach, arms wrapping tightly around his waist. He allowed it, knowing Steve needed a little reassurance for continued obedience. As he neared his second orgasm, Tony began to increase the vibrations, until Steve’s hips were rocking helplessly. He wailed when it washed over him, the increasing sensitivity allowing Tony to easily push him over the edge again and again.
"Absolutely. Well, other than its Hammer's presentation, but that should mean it'll be an early day. Which is why I wondered if you'd be willing to do something different for me. It would improve my day so much..."
Steve’s eyes narrowed, glaring down at him. “I can handle you just fine, ya jerk.”
Another sigh. “If you do, you’d be the first. Even Pepper didn’t really believe me. Just pretended she did, so I’d agree to let her do whatever she wanted to make it go away. I never told anyone else.” Tony squeezed his eyes shut, took a deep breath, opened them again. “Okay. Fine. Fuck it. You want the truth? You’ll get it.”
Steve would never have an alpha to call his own. Someone to love him, protect him, take him to the submissive heights that other omegas waxed poetic about. No one wanted damaged goods. He might look perfect from the outside, but it was all a lie. Everything special about him came out of a bottle.
He came back to Tony gently stroking his hair. "So good for me, Steve. Such a good boy."
Steve crawled across the bed, silk sliding under his knees. Tony was back a moment later. He could feel restraints close around first his wrists and then his ankles, holding them together and forcing his back to arch, putting his body on display.
Steve followed him over to the couch, perched on the edge of the cushion under his watchful gaze. It felt wrong. He should be at Stark’s feet, where he belonged. He clenched his hands into fists, trying to resist the urge to move. This was why the team didn’t want him. Didn’t trust him. He was a slave to his instincts. He was always going to fail.
Tony didn’t come down to check on him. Nor did he show up in any of the common spaces of the tower. When Steve tried going downstairs to the lab, the door was locked and the windows were blacked out. Tony was avoiding him, pushing him away. Didn’t want him anymore. Maybe never really had.
Steve's legs tried to give out when he stood up, nearly sending him to his knees. Every step he took pressed the plug against his prostate. He bit his lip to hold in the moans and whimpers that wanted to break free as he slowly, so slowly, followed Tony into the kitchen. By the time he got there, Tony had already started the coffee maker brewing and was digging through the fridge.
“What’ll we do until then?”
Tony started to lift him off the bed, and Steve whined. He was so used to the weight of the plug, that being without it felt uncomfortable and wrong. “What’s the matter, sweetheart?”
Tony squeezed his fingers around him, fast hard strokes over his aching cock, the machine still pounding against his hole. With the press of a button, it slid a forward a few inches, impossibly deeper, rubbing faster over his abused prostate. Steve screamed, hips jerking back against it with small movements, muscles tightening. He seemed to hang on the edge forever, body tensing as though trying to scale a physical cliff. A slow burn crept up his spine, spreading through him, drawing his aching balls tight against his body. And then finally he was there, pulsing in the other man's grip, screaming and shaking, drowning in the endless terrible pleasure. Feeling Tony stroke him through it, draw it out, until he was gasping, aching.
An arm slid around Bucky’s shoulder, curling him in against Tony’s chest. He rested his ear against it, listening to the steady sound of his heart beat. Steve tangled his fingers through Bucky’s, joined hands resting on Tony’s stomach. Bucky finally felt at peace, at least in the moment. He knew his place. Where he belonged. As he slid towards sleep, he felt a gentle kiss brushed against his forehead. He said it again, whispered like a benediction.
Tony began a steady rhythm, thrusting into him slow and deep. Drawing out his own pleasure. Steve whined and whimpered beneath him, his body slowly building to another devastating release. Tony’s thrusts began to gain speed and force until he was pounding inside of him, the friction stealing Steve’s breath away. It was overwhelming and amazing. Steve had never felt so close to another person before. Tony’s fingers were digging into his hips as his breathing finally became heavy as he chased his own release. Steve would have bruises later, and the thought pleased him. Tony’s teeth sank into the side of his neck as his hips stuttered, pounding directly against Steve’s prostate. The first spurt of hot come inside his passage tipped Steve over the edge.
"N-no Tony." Steve clenched down hard on nothing, his muscles so loose that trying to hold them tight was a struggle.
"Time's up."
"Very nice, sweetheart. You like that, don't you." Tony leaned away from him for a second, then returned, mouth hard and demanding on each nipple, leaving them hard and throbbing. Steve felt something cold brush his chest, then a sharp pinching pain in first one then the other nipple. He moaned, arching off the bed helplessly. The motion dragged the chain connecting the clamps on his nipples off to the side, tugging on them further.
Steve swallowed hard, feeling a flush rush over his face. “No Tony.”
“I know.” Tony gently tilted Steve’s head up so he could press their lips together. The kiss was soft, gentle. He clung to his shoulders, losing himself in the kiss. Felt Tony press him onto his back, the weight of his body sinking him into the mattress. “Do you trust me, baby?” The words were a soft murmur against his mouth.
"I love you too, Steve. Why don't you rest a little longer, and then we'll have lunch. Sound good?"
“I know.” He rubbed his cheek against Steve’s soothingly as he thought for a long quiet moment. “I need to ask you some questions, sweetheart. Things to help me understand what you need. Will you answer them for me?”
When Steve finally woke, he felt groggy and disoriented. It took him a moment to remember where he was and why. He was roused from his thoughts by strong vibrations suddenly coming to life inside of him. Steve writhed on the bed, hand dropping between his legs to see if Tony had slid a toy inside of him while he slept, but there was nothing there. Another surge in strength had Steve thrusting up against the blankets in search of friction on his trapped and neglected cock. The new torment seemed to be entirely focused on his prostate. And suddenly he knew. The implant Tony had put in place earlier. That was what was torturing him now, and there was no escape.
Steve woke early from a night of restless sleep. The new chastity device Tony had put him in had worked for hours, teasing him every time he moved. He had woken several times during the night, desperate and throbbing, cock aching as it strained against the metal. Tony slept beside him, peaceful and oblivious. Steve had longed to press closer to him, wake him, begging for relief. But the genius rarely slept so deeply, and Steve wasn't willing to disturb that. However, a quick glance at the clock showed it was after six, late enough to assuage his guilt.
“It still bothers you, doesn’t it?”
There was a brief pause before something soft and warm began stroking up his arm, over his chest. Little fibers that tickled the skin they passed over. Was it fur? Caressing his thighs, circling over his knee, then sliding upwards over his cock, hints of sensation through the holes in the metal that made him moan, arch up, wanting more even as it moved away.
“It’ll be worth it in the long run, my sweet omega. You just have to be patient for me. You can do that, right?”
"You're torturing me. I'm dying. I need you. Need something. Anything. Please!"
“Are you doing alright, sweetheart?”
“And how many times did he attempt in the allotted time?”
“Both of us, sweetheart. I’m not going anywhere. As a matter of fact, I cleared my schedule for the rest of the week. I talked to Pepper, and she agreed that I’d gone back to work too soon. You need my time right now, and that’s more important than some meetings or designs.”
“Do you know how many punishments you earned?” Steve shook his head miserably. “Fifteen, pet. You came fifteen times, and couldn’t even get hard for me once.”
Tony kept Steve close for the rest of the day, watching over him worriedly. He fed them both dim sum after it arrived, which Steve seemed to enjoy, accepting whatever Tony offered him easily. But he wasn’t acting like himself. The usually feisty omega was pliant in his arms, unwilling to leave his side. Tony wasn’t sure what to do. He kept Steve close until the sun started to set, the light through the tower windows slowly dimming.
"Tony..."
“Of course, Sir.”
"That's my good boy. Give me your hand."
Steve buried his face against Tony’s legs, arms curled tightly around himself, afraid to reach out. He didn’t want Tony to push him away. He held himself still, trying to muffle his own whimpers. Tony stepped back and Steve broke completely, sobbing hysterically. He’d failed. His alpha was leaving. He’d finally come back, and Steve had chased him away. Likely for good this time.
And yes, Captain America might be squeaky clean, but Steve Rogers cusses like a sailor! >.<
Tony let his fingertips trail over the metal of the cage, a covetous expression on his face. “You’re so beautiful, Steve. Look so good like this. My sweet little omega.” When their eyes met, Tony’s were blown so wide they looked entirely black. “Did you know that there’s an offshoot of Stark Industries that produces technology to help alphas keep their omegas in line?” He continued on when Steve shook his head. “You’re wearing one of my designs. Bio-imprinted. The only thing that can open that lock is a scan of my fingerprint and my override code. You’re trapped sweetheart. Mine.”
Bucky’s cock twitched in the cage, tried to harden, and couldn’t. It throbbed painfully, but the sensation only seemed to heighten the pleasure Tony’s mouth was wringing from him. He wasn’t sure if anything would feel real ever again without at least a little pain involved. He was brought back from the thought by Tony, pulling on his thighs, guiding him farther down Steve’s body, until he was face to face with the soft little cock. Could see the toy buried inside his hole, buzzing away merrily.
Steve’s cock throbbed inside the cage, but the sensation was secondary to the way Tony’s fingers stroked through his slick, rubbed against his gland causing sparks of pleasure that built him higher, pushed him even closer to the edge. He wanted to rock back against him, thrust down and force his alpha to move faster or harder, but the silk binding his legs robbed him of leverage. All he could do was take what he was given.
It wasn't a perfect answer but it wasn't a bad one. James smiled at him as they walked back to their floor, his mate had seemed so much more positive lately – as if a great weight was lifted from his shoulders.  Feeling the man beside him, stronger than ever was a marvel.
Small fish of different colors, glowing jellies, and various items found in the wreckage. It seemed odd to keep them in such a way but he was sure she had her reasons. “Amora.”
Steve was evading, but he gave an inch and Tony was willing to take it, “Bruce knows…but what about everyone else.”
“Steve!”
Washing up and sending all the linens to be laundered was next. After both headed up to the penthouse where Steve settled onto the sectional sofa. Left alone for the first time in days while Tony met with Pepper to make sure they hadn’t missed any major crisis.
The soldier banished the idea before it could take root; he wasn’t going to think about it now. Not in front of Tony, they had gotten closer but still… he couldn’t let anyone see that much of his heart, never again.
It felt like going into the ice all over again. A spike of white hot blinding pain through his bond. Steve wasn't the only one feeling it, as the soldier hit his knees amid the shouts of children he looked up. There just a few feet away was Loki clutching his own chest with wild eyes, sharing a look between them said it all. Something was wrong, very very wrong.
Natasha smiled and snapped on a set of bracelets and spun her batons. The weapons sparking and glowing to life. “He’s so cute when he’s motivational. All right boys, enough talk lets go. I’m feeling like sushi tonight.”
It's not ok though and that's what's so terrifying because all he can feel is how much Loki hates himself. How deep this feeling of failure has sunk in with razor sharp claws. Part of him wonders if he can even do anything to fix this now. Loki is so bad about holding in everything until he breaks. James had been so sure they were past that. He had done everything he could to let the other man know he was safe and loved.
Tony and Steve tended to be a bit overprotective and Loki still wasn't Tony's favorite person. Honestly, he just tolerated him for Bruce's sake.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Why do you think I came here?"
What did Tony Stark want?
“Good morning Mr. Barnes. Bit early for you isn't it?”
“What?” Tony couldn’t fathom why not.
Once they were inside Stark paced and ran his fingers through his hair. The place was dirty and there were newspapers and broken glass everywhere. The furniture was a mix of lawn chairs and sofas that would have looked more at home sitting out on the curb than under a roof. Not that the roof it self was holding up spectacularly if all the rainwater filled pots and coffee cans that littered the room was any inclination.
Suddenly, the young man stopped and looked out from the office window into the courtyard below. "They don't know me.Not really. You do Stark. They know what the all-mother has granted. This new improved version of an old monster that even don't remember that well. You look at me and still see him. Even so...you have want in your eyes."
“Hey tin man”
It doesn't take long for trousers to join the collection of garments on the floor. Skin against skin, teeth grazing over supple flesh and breathy moans escaping onto the night.
He couldn’t find any pride in this, couldn’t feel anything now but pain.
Emergency bathroom stops aside, they were able to make it to their destination without incident.
The soldier looked back down into his half-empty mug, jaw flexing at the question. “..Yeah” he said quietly.
Speaking of this job, it was soon since his last trip out but Ms. Hill assured him that he really was the foremost man for the task. Barnes suspected that was because Steve had put in for family leave. That last thought sending a mild pulse of mutually pleasure and pain through him.
Sitting at the extended glass-top table, he flipped through the mission booklet. James knew what his time was worth. It was worth 7 days and 21 pages of small type and glossy photos of a man he'd never seen or heard of before today.
He's impatient, wants her out of here so badly that he can't stand it. Could be that it's just her personally that makes him uneasy – doubtful. Loki had his powers back, or at least a good percentage of them according to Thor. She wasn't a physical threat to him in anyway. If he wanted to the alien omega could have swatted her with the elegant swirl of a pinky finger. No this had nothing to do with her specifically and everything to do with him.
Everyone thought it was cute.
That was a year ago.
“I suppose Sir, since you asked so kindly… and uncharacteristically.” The AI returned with a slight air of a front. Considering Tony had been blocking his own AI for weeks now.
Thor: I like clydesdales and I can not lie ... u know my brother doth deny .... that when that pony walks in after the drinkin begins ... and sticks that big thing in ur face ... I get SPRUNG .. cant help but spread my buns ... cause u know I want my butt stuffed ... deep in the hole Im barein ... Im hooked, assless chaps Im wearin ... OOOOH Trigger, I wanna get witcha ... and take some pictures ... My brother tried to warn me ... but with those leather reigns ... ME SO PORNY
It was a demanding sort of kiss, one that steals your breath and leaves your hands reaching for anything to old onto. Steve’s hands settled on the slighter mans waist. Fingers curling around the denims belt loops when Tony pressed on in this mission of his.
Tony let out a breath while they had been waiting Steve’s fever spiked and he’d already exhausted all the ice packs, and Tony wasn’t about to put Steve in an ice bath with the omegas history. Knowing all too well how easy it was to trigger a panic attack. “Then we show the serum that it’s natural, increase the o-estrogen and hope that muscle memory picks up on it and the super juice starts cooperating.”
Barnes hobbles up to his feet, “Loki?” Sure enough, there stands his omega. Though unlike he has ever seen him. This Loki has an almost crazed look in his eye and for a moment...a moment that he wishes he could take back – James looks away.
He shivered nodding. Bucky’s voice whispering filthy words made him weak.
“I know a lot of things shell head. I’m just full'a surprises.”
The barn rooster, who Steve affectingly called Hawkeye, came strutting up through along the dirt path. The crazy bird had a habit of thinking he was some mighty bird of prey and leaping form the barn roof. Just behind trailed an old goose named Phil, the black and white foul always cozy up to Steve whenever he sat in the grass. “Hey guys, hope you’ve not been causing too much trouble for the ladies.” Steve joked looking back in the hen house where the chickens were all preening on their nests.
(See the end of the chapter for
Cho did everything she could, she told Barnes so, and he believed her of course. There was nothing anyone could do, what was important right now was Loki. He had to keep this together for Loki, that became his mission because missions where direct and simple and it soothed the chaos in his head.
“We have a tour coming today.” Agent Melinda May said as she looked to her superior and friend Phil Coulson.
For the first time what he could do wasn't looked down on, for once he was just as valuable and not for the wrong reasons. To have someone look at him and believe that he was good, the way that James and his Mother believed. This place had been a godsend in a time when Loki was sure he would fall into darkness alone in the cabin. Even so, Loki had learned through his long life that trust was costly.
Tony thought of Steve, beautiful with morning sunlit hair and sinful with kiss-swollen lips in the moonlight. His omega, the other half of his heart. The one thing he couldn't live without – having to go on with out him. Tony thought of his kids, Peter graduating from MIT, Wendy would go to West Point of course – she was her papa's girl through and through. He'd miss it; he'd miss all of it and then...then that last fleeting horrifying thought. What if there was another even now? A child whose face he would never even get to see and that...that is what cut into him like a red-hot knife.
"I am more than capable of selecting my own dish for the afternoon Bruce. I assure you that my taste buds are far heartier than any mortal." The ravenette said snapping open his menu.
That was Tony; of course, Alpha wouldn’t leave him.
“Here they come, Tony air support, I’ll take point on ground, Phil, Clint, Nat flank and try and thin out the first wave.”
Tony would have grumbled about being bossed around but honestly he didn’t want to be thrown out of the nesting room right now. Instead the alpha helped maneuver a pillow under the side of his soon to be mates belly. Rubbing a soothing palm over the side of the protruding mound when Steve hissed at the twins furious little kicks. Apparently they were not a fan of all this movement or their mothers growing irritation. “Shhh, its ok little bits. Look at them.. Already cock blocking daddy. I get no respect.”
He saw her, the woman in the darkness that called his name. She was so angry and her eyes turned black and cold. Something about her eyes, the death and the emptiness of them. Like staring into nothing and everything. Like being swallowed up, by that nothingness. Those eyes were a void of hatred that was reaching out for him and trying to pull him in and swallow him whole.
And I swore to me that I wasn't going to love again
“Hey it’s me… its ok.”
Steve was not so much worried about Tony at that point, or even jealous, as he was ashamed for enjoying the fact that they both got along so well now. The fact that Bucky took so much care with Tony. It made Steve feel guilty for the longing he had, he should not want that. Should not expect them both to be fine with what he was thinking. What he was wishing when he looked at them, it was too much.
James slipped in on the other side and wound an arm around his mate’s waist. “I'm home today too, if you just want to rest up. We got that fancy bath stuff Pepper sent over here for you. You know I'd love to spoil you.”
“Steve! I ain’t seen anything like this! It’s not what Stark's looking for!” Bucky shouted over the howling winds.
“I'm kidding, you can unclench Stark. It's about Extremis, the project I was working during the summit.”  She assured, asking if he even remembers the project  that had promised to be revolutionary even then, though there were still quite a few kinks to work out. While she remember the night they shared in crystal clarity something about the long pause made her realize it hadn't nearly been as memorable to the famed- Genius, billionaire, playboy. Then again, it had been along time ago.
Tony popped his jaw and turned on his heels. “Ya know, I know I’m sure the old man did a lot of important work being the leading death dealer for years but I haven’t had my coffee yet and I don’t really feel like reminiscing so if you could excuse me.”
“How was she ever able to love me?”
“Yep, ok ..hold it tight ok buddy?” Tony said gently wrapping his hand around the tiny fist of his four year old son who was wielding a screw driver.
“I can’t lose anyone else.” Steve said to himself, sitting alone in the quinjet. They would be leaving soon, once they returned decisions would need to be made. More than that, he would have to have a talk with Tony. He would have to accept whatever that meant.
After the festivities Asgard’s new King would appoint his council and things in the sea kingdom would return to normal. Daily life would resume with one exception, Jane would be queen. The idea of holding such a lofty position made the young siren nervous but with her love by her side and so much support from the kingdom itself – she was sure her new life would come to her step-by-step.
Steve had been gone for two weeks and the last two days he hadn't called. It wasn't like him but Tony wasn't the type to worry. Steve was a big boy and could take care of himself; he didn't need Tony of all people to mother hen him.
The silence between the men was thick as the fog rolling in off the New York Harbor in the early morning. Tony’s eyes bore into the older man before him, trying to read between the lines and look for a threat in the old man’s green eyes that had become hazed with age. The only thing Stark could find was concern. Concern and sadness, perhaps a bit of regret that had been left to fester all these years. It wasn’t a threat that this old timer was hinting at, it was a mistake he wanted to correct before it was too late.
It felt like they were alone in a cathedral with standing room only.  For Tony his whole world was up there at the foot of the alter in that long pine box, sleek, black, unforgiving, and draped with an American flag. It was so final.
“Anthony, what do you recall of the attack?”
“No, I believe we will be taking the children to lunch at noon and know if I do not eat then Kurt will give me that look of his.”
“That's very good, the children have asked after you. They miss you very much.”
As the group drew closer to the location of The Dark Pool, the sky filled with black clouds and the seas slammed against the ship’s hull.
Thor sat back watching the faces of his teammates, “Lady Eir has made much progress with my brother and Asgard has means of treatment not available to this realm.”
Things he'd never even seen, days he'd been far from Midgard in the dungeons of his home world. He could see it so clearly that it felt real and unlike a dream at all. Walking through the rubble of an apartment building and seeing small toys and clothes among the broken bits of mortar. Scraps of drywall painted a soft lilac color. His feet wanted to stop but they never did, farther and farther through the remnants of a life unlived. Then there it was, a tipped bassinet, a small bundle at his feet, and a tiny cold hand peeking through the ruined fabric.
“It is currently 8:30 am Sir, most of the tower will be waking with in the next half hour.” Jarvis chimed in.
Jemma smiled, “He’s an engineer, you know how they can be I’m sure.” She laughed, jotting a few things down on Steve’s chart.
“I know babe.”
“Aww, is the big bad alpha sad? Do I have to give him a back rub and a cookie?” Steve sassed right back, rolling over to press up against his lover’s side.
Tony put down his coffee with a theatrical put out sigh, “Party pooper, come on baby cakes.”  The alpha started, walking up and rubbing his shoulders. “I was thinking about what she said ya know, I’m not going to pressure you into anything but I’m game for making this little team Iron Shield a thing ya know? Considering that we have the minions on the way and all. Why wait right?”
It's a quiet Sunday morning when Steve finds Loki sitting alone in the common room. Finding the ravenette gazing out into the fogy morning isn't particularly new. Even so, as the days drag on it's not hard to see the once regal looking man change. Like a shroud of gray settled over the omegas soul and drank up all the color. Loki appeared so ill that it was heartbreaking.
They had talked some about bounding, usually after making love, laying in the dark twined together. It was something they did want, which had been hard for Tony to admit. The truth was that the inventor never thought himself good enough for anyone. Steve was more than willing to show his alpha how much he was worse with another round of slow, heartfelt pleasure.
By now, others around the royal family began to take notice including Thor and Jane, the former immediately coming over to see what the problem was.
"Go have fun with James sweetheart. No need to linger about here. I'll be fine." she'd say and shoo them off when Bucky had a few pennies for the picture show.
Steve smirked as he opened the bathroom drawers “I don’t think I’ve ever seen you without it.”  He said looking for his razor when he realized it wasn’t there.
Tony rolled his shoulders with a crack before settling down on the sofa. “Pretty good, Fury and the B-Team are all tying things up in a nice little bow. How are you feeling?” He reached over and rubed the mound where their child rested. “Did you miss daddy ?”
“I'll be back Stark, this is over. “ Furry spoke with finality as he turned his back and stormed back to the convoy of black SUV's clearly Stark couldn't be trusted. Whatever he had gotten into on that mission may have made him a liability and as bad as the monster he was housing.
“shed light on the demons and they will run.” she said.
Bruce looked up in absolute horror as he boyfriends face appeared on the wall, Loki wearing his dressing robe singing along to "Let it go" with his hairbrush.
Steve thought back on the morning so far…
An illusion perhaps? Natasha recalled Thor speaking about how skilled Loki was at camouflaging magic. The thunderer had laughed and said it came in handy when they were children to hide mischief.
Natasha had been the only one to carefully convince the little boy to come to her with promises that he was safe and that they were not going to hurt him. It wasn't until Steve looked sadly at the small boy that something else happened.
That was it, which was the thing that cut free the leash holding Tony Stark back.
Ever since they entered Siberian airspace, Steve had been practically vibrating. His hands fidgeted against his knees, imagining all of the horrible things that could happen if they didn’t arrive in time. What if Tony had attacked the base, what if the forces were able to overwhelm him…what if they…NO. He squeezed his eyes shut and rebuked the thought. When they spotted the base and started looking for the armor, it seemed to take even longer.
“So Robocop goes to god club med and then what?”
Yet finding out how Loki was tortured seemed to resonate with the billionaire. On the other hand, maybe Stark just needed a project, a case more helpless than his own.
"And yet here you are. You must like me an awful lot to risk an arrow to the eye. Clint isn't exactly happy with you after the whole mind slave thing."
“No…that…no” Suddenly all that sure stance drained out of the Captain. “I watched him die the ..the tesseract..”
Steve stood but kept one hand on Tony’s shoulder as he maneuvered to fold and wring a rag with one hand. He had to keep touching his husband, had to ground the man because right now Tony looked so far away.  It hurt see him that way, one thing Steve never liked was feeling powerless and right now that’s all he felt.
This little snippet of intelligence was deemed ' Need to know ' by the powers that be - something that James was on the fence about.
Lmd' s were nothing like people – no matter how well made they were they lacked that certain something. Maybe it was the lack of self-preservation or the overly logical thinking. While the shorted distance between to points might be a straight line – it's not if there are land mines. See, that was why human heart would always win out over machine. People might be flawed but they learned from their mistakes. Androids refused to honor the idea of mistakes. Even if as a result, they often made them. Because of this, his team was familiar with the fighting style of their electrical based foe. So far so good Coulson thought, keeping an eye's on his team and an ear on the coms.
Now, with the broken bond – Tony was just starting to feel the distance that Steve had been suffering all along. This new body didn't want him to feel it but it seemed at least that much of him was still willing to rebel.
Bruce spent his days video chatting with Dr. Cho and other bio-mech specialists, each one offering a little more than the last. The Doctor felt he was slowly getting somewhere on his research of Extremis and the possibilities of the nanotech. Consulting charts and investigating blood and tissue samples were a daily occurrence between checking in on Pepper and Natasha. They both felt he was working too hard, but Banner would not hear it. This was for Tony, a man who was as confusing and annoying as he was loving and generous. A man whom had become a brother to him. This was his family and that was something that Bruce thought he would never have the joy to know. So if he could do anything to help Stark, he would.
“Any got eyes on the woman of the hour?” Coulson asked as Fitz worked to try and recovered the cybernetic soldier’s memory bank.
Bruce had to wonder what role Barnes played in all of this. Part of his mind kept traveling decades into the past, seeing his mother nurse a black eye or covering a bruise. He didn't want to believe something like that was the case here, he wanted to believe Natasha when she assured him how much James loved Loki. Yet Bruce couldn't suppress the shiver of 'what if she's wrong'.
“Oh my god he’s naked.” the right thing to do would have been to stop watching. Tony wasn’t really into politically correct choices however.
“Nien, I think I see well enough. There is something troubling you, these past few months it has weighted you down more and more. You might be good at hiding things Loki but even a master of deception has his limits. If you hold whatever this is in for so long it will destroy you.”
“Indeed. Unfortunate I can not contact my serves at the tower at this time.”
“That’s what Fury said. No one man has all the answers Captain. That’s how wars start.”
This love was a sick thing with tendrils that sunk into his soul and bled him dry. Her every word was acid on his heart, every longing glance to his brother - another dagger in his back. Yet, still he loved her… still he wanted.
The group looked toward the door, Rogers came in hanging up his coat and removing the gloves, he was tired and warn after spending most of the night working construction on the other side of the city.
The archer was swiftly smacked upside the head by Widow.  “Inappropriate.”
Pepper smiled softly. “Two people I’m impressed, three more”
The winter soldier knelt on a landing above, mask in place and eyes blank and cold. The gun was swiftly discarded and the asset leapt over the railing to face his forgotten friend.
Song - A thousand years - Christina perri
It had been 10years, 10 long years of fighting in secrete to end all of this. After the accords...after Steve couldn't come back he promised that when he did things would be better. That he would have made up for the pain Tony felt that day.
The command went out and the small group of heroes began to tighten their ranks. Steve still hadn’t heard from Tony.
They needed something that would break the tide. Aim had joined up with Hydra and now they were using their numbers and influence to make everyday people question their government. Not that they couldn’t use a healthy dose of skepticism when it came to bureaucracy, Nick dint blamed anyone for taking a closer look at leadership. God knows he should have. The point was it wasn’t a true picture people were seeing. Hydra was playing cloak and dagger, a little bad press here, some anarchist influence there. Big brother wasn’t just shady he grew fangs over night and was out to steal firstborns.
“Jesus Christ…” Clint muttered rubbing his palms over his face, “What does that even mean? Shit sounds like an alien lobotomy”
He turned to see Tony standing there in a suit of his own, this one a deep charcoal with a slate grey shirt and red tie. He looked gorgeous. “Blue to match your eyes.” he said again.
Stark laughed and looked over to the one armed man, “Thank you for your candor, Sergeant Barnes is it?”
Falling over onto his injured side didn't help matters, letting out a sharp cry as his hands scrambled and shook trying to pry at the battered scrap of the destroyed armor. Then, suddenly out of the haze of terrifying pain, there is a hand pushing his away, Barnes...helpful little metal middle finger buckaroo was ripping and pulling at the armor until it clatter on the filthy floor around them.
Then he was left alone in that big master bedroom. “I’m doing this for us Steve, for Peter, for you. I hope you know that. I just can’t let it go, I can’t.” Tony made up his mind, he would appease Pepper for a few days, but he had work to do. He could rest yet. He had to make sure that there was no one out there that could hurt his family.
All this time, all this pain and all he had were memories and words that he couldn't take back.  He picked up a photo of Tony smiling, that self assured little grin. He loved that smile.  They had 5 happy years before everything went to hell. Maybe Steve should have seen it coming but he was to busy living in the past.
“I do not sense any structural issues Sir. I am not entirely sure how this is taking place. Atmospherically readings indicate a defined area between the main walls and what can only be describes as an energy membrane. With in the membrane the temperature, pressure, humidity, and over all gravity readings is like nothing on this planet.” The aI seemed just as perplexed with this.
He allowed the alpha to tilt his head back and claim his mouth, melting into that dinning chair and just…let it all go.
Steve was floored to think Tony would so easily invite Bucky to the tower, considering everything he knew. They had not talked about it much aside from Tony expressing that - while he understands the difference between Bucky and the Winter Soldier, part of him will always wonder things about the night his parents died, will always know that Barnes…a man his father trusted at one time, had been the one who killed him. Something about that would never go away.’ Even so, Tony was remarkably forgiving, even if he did not forget he was willing to try and that meant the world to Steve.
Loki had felt poorly all evening and noticed the baby was less rambunctious than usual, he thought perhaps his daughter would finally give him some sleep and taken to bed early. A while later, his alpha came to join him, wrapping his flesh arm around the omega's swollen belly.
He little rolling movement fluttered again under his palm. “Are you two having fun? “He smiled and drummed his fingers over the spot.  “I can’t promise I’ll be the best parent but I do want to try for you two, so take it easy on me when you get here ok?”  The tumbling subsided and Steve wanted to think it was the babies agreeing with him.
“DONT GO INTO THE LIGHT CAROL ANN!” Tony crowed over the coms. “Jarvis, old buddy old pal; can I get some sexy comeback tunes for Point break, Reindeer games and our buddy Buckster?”
Still, this was a top point of entry, Steve would have frowned on the lack of strategically thinking. This was tantamount to leaving the backdoor open.
“J, record and encrypt… Top priority stealth on this one buddy.”
It's worse too because I know  I did this to myself. My choices led me here and I know had to do it.
After a bit of searching Steve just gave up and grabbed a take-away list from the fridge. “Jarvis could you place an order with Vargas  brothers Pizzeria?”
Yet he wanted another one… ‘Glutton for punishment” as Bucky would say.
The memory sent a shiver through him. Steve pulled himself from the bed, trying to escape the thoughts of his past by distracting himself. Yet, even that act made the omega’s bones ache from effort, and he felt even more lethargic than he had upon going to bed in the first place.
"No..Well, Loki it isn't about gifts." Jane was trying her best to be the mature party in this discussion...even if she had slapped the ravenette when he showed up at her door. She had heard him out though, which is more than most people may have.
“It is not just me Sir.”
May interjected from her fallback position keeping Hydra away from the jet. “Let's give him a chance Daisy, There is a lot more at play here. We don't know what Loki is feeling through his bond with Barnes and getting in front of him might be more trouble than it's worth.”
“Nope, not you just … give us a sec ok?” Tony mutters waving a hand as he scurried out after the raging super soldier.
That was probably the cruelest thing Tony had ever said. While his AI butler may not have been real, the sentient helper knew well the concept of care and affection. In his own way, Jarvis exercised those emotions to the occupants of the tower. To Tony, Peter, and in his own way the mourned the Captain’s loss.
“Yeah I'm in the upstairs control office now, looks like one of the freezers is currently running. I'm thinking we go ahead, kill the power, and thaw them out. I'll meet you on the main floor service entrance. That's the only way in and out of the basement.”
Steve flinched at first then nodded letting Tony pull off his shirt . “ There we go, I’m gunna touch you ok sugar, will you let me?” Tony whispered in his ear in that tone that made him shiver . His back  melting into the bedding and eyes drooping slightly.
There was something about her voice and her mannerisms that did not ring true. Coulson had studied in depth the hydra hierarchy during the 1940's and 50's. Despite the fact that very few film records if any would have survived and the original madam hydra was extremely private. Every clip he had ever seen of the former Evil Matriarch, she always spoke in German and it was speculated that she refused to even speak English. No mater who was in her company. This woman however spoke perfectly even English with not a single hint of an accent. Sure, her face was passable as a carbon copy of Ophelia Sarkissan circa 1952, but the rest of her wasn't.
Hearing Tony talk about the child they may or may not even have was sweet. “Really sure of yourself huh?” Steve pulled back just enough to look into the inventors eyes. “I might not be ya know.”
Tony wasn't even sure why he cared so much. Maybe it was the way Thor looked when he sat down and told the team what really happened to Loki. What Odin's prodigal son finally confided in the darkness of his cell after the death of the only mother Loki had ever known?
Still, they decided it could wait. Bonding was more successful during a heat and Tony wanted to make sure Steve was healthy as far as the omegas hormones were concerned. The idea of causing his future mate any undo discomfort really upset him. Therefore, they would wait until Steve had at least two more heats without trouble.
Moreover, he’d be sharing it with Tony; there was  warmth in that thought. Having someone to share something so personal with was so new. Something Steve never thought he’d have or deserve. Yet here he was, comfortable and cared for just waiting for his alpha to return and…oh.
Perception could start or finish wars; it could bring people together or tear them apart. It was all in how you spin it.
I want to answer him, I want to throw on that war bonds smile and tell him everything peachy keen but it isn’t and I can’t.  I feel cold sweet prickling down my back and it feels like my gut just dropped from the empire state building.
“Agent said no, they ran pretty tight interference with lab work, don’t want anyone getting their hands on any super juice and what not. I imagine wasn’t easy but you know Coulson, he’s a ninja or something.”
“I…I can’t what if I hurt them?”
Tony was 12 years old when he heard those words, it was the first time his father ever looked proud of him for absolutely anything. It wasn’t even as if it was something he had done, it was just genes and hormones that just so happened to chemically balance one way over others.  Yet Howard was grinning from ear to ear as if his boy had just reinvented the wheel. It made Tony wonder what would have happened if it had not turned out that way. Would he have been seen as inferior? He was still clever, smarter than most kids his age in-fact. What did it matter how he fit into the grand biological scheme? That was the first time Tony really understood how unfair life really was.
He had been good so far, most of Steve’s moods were ‘happy’ and ‘ultra productive’ in which the soldier would spend hours pouring over the current information about child psychology and parenting books. Apparently, when Steve was a little guy he had been quite the bookworm. Tony was surprised he wasn’t allergic to paper, not that he would have said that because Steve also had a few irritable fits.
“Language.”
Part of him said he should go, that he should make sure the room was stocked and Steve had the appropriate tools to get him through the heat. Yet at the same time, he worried about this budding relationship between them. Would leaving now make Steve feel rejected? Then again, what would happen if he stayed? Bruce told him that with Steve’s imbalances, the heat would likely be on the short side and serum would protect him.
Steve gasped feeling his legs turning to jelly. Instinctively an arm went around his waist as he went down on his knees. Squeezing his eyes shut trying to tell himself he wasn’t there, he wasn’t here.  Trying to reach out for the sensory memory of nights he’d woken dreaming of war and Tony had been there, rubbing his back and telling him everything was ok. Jarvis repeating the time, date, location down to longitude, latitude, even elevation.
“Yeah, yeah ok…sure.” Howard moved to gather up the bags of gold when he noticed the siren step into the cabin. He wasn’t immediately alarmed - she had just saved his child’s life after all. It wasn’t until he saw her reemerge holding the buddle babe that his brows furrowed.
“Jarvis scan Steve for vitals and get Coulson down here with the med van pronto.” The Alphas voice wavered as he adjusted his downed lover in his arms. “Come on Steve, you have to be ok. Open your eyes baby, come on, come back to me.”
“Thank you,” Loki says relieved, he had been worried that this would not go over well. “there are so many children in need of a proper home after all. Perhaps...perhaps this is as it is meant to be.” Loki gripped his alpha's hand. “Considering my own upbringing.”
Steve doesn't even know he's screaming and banging his fist on the floor breaking up the kitchen tiles with his strength and cutting up his hands. Loki can barely hold the blonde still even with the alien omegas own strength.
While Bucky didn't seem to notice, already in the kitchen fixing something for his friend, Steve noticed the other omega. In truth, Steve had noticed Loki's demur changing for a while now but didn't think it his place to comment. After all, he didn't really know Loki that well when he thought about it. The once villain tended to keep to himself. Not for lack of the rest of the pack trying, even Pepper had made an attempt to invite Loki out for brunch one Sunday afternoon. The man had kindly declined the offer begging off that he had things to do. What those 'things' were no one asked.
“ I think it might be more what I could assist you with. I can tell you are struggling with wanting to do what you can for your family here. Mr. Stark and Loki namely.”
He nodded to the frazzled alpha and held up a medic bag, “I grabbed everything we discussed, was just waiting for you. Jarvis briefed me on Steve’s stats; I have to say I am a little concerned with his body temperature and possible dehydration. We’ll cross that bridge though after he agrees to proceed.”
When Professor X prepared to leave the tower that day, he sincerely hoped that Loki would heed his advice.
James was so tender, never once did Loki feel fearful of being taken  while so unwilling of heart. Even when the heat was nearly unbearable. His alpha held him and kissed him, soothed the ache with his fingers and toys, easing him through until the pain subsided and melted into something better.  Always with words of praise on his mortals lips, telling him how he was loved. Loki looked up into those cool clear eyes of his lover, his alpha, and trusted this man with everything.
“Fair Jane has also brought me, Mighty yet not as impressive as these sugary delights.” Thor laughs as he seizes the sturdy box from her hands to place it lightly on the counter.
Thor and the rest of the family always liked to remind the raven-haired mer that he had been just as bad in his youth. Frequently the Queen would chuckle and say ‘He’s his father’s, you can tell by the trail of chaos in Anthony’s wake.”
Steve had thought that being this way had been a match, he could finally do the things he wanted and protect people, he could be apart of something greater. Right now, he felt just the opposite, now he just felt the whole world had grown too big in retaliation to his unnatural body. Everything was to wide-open and it felt cold, he didn’t fit here just like he didn’t fit back then.  All he knew how to do was fight, that’s what they needed  him for - all anyone needed him for.
“Is it something I did?” the once soldier questioned, finally catching the barest hint of pain from the ravenette, holding on a little tighter to try and force that hurt away. Loki had already suffered enough, they both had.  Feeling that bitter tug along their bond hurt, and more than that- it scared him. James had seen first hand the state Loki had fallen into while in Asgard. He ever wanted to see that deep of a decline in his mate ever again.
Meanwhile, Steve sat on  the nearby sofa  with their daughter. The little girl was going over the great time she had with her aunt’s Natasha and Pepper, and how she got to feel the baby in Auntie Peppers belly.
Steve’s heat.
“I will cardio your circuits if you don’t let me up to my own damn floor .”
The room was deathly quiet and the Winter Soldier looked down to the bleeding captive. He frowned behind his mask and knelt down a hesitant metal hand reaching out to brush the sweaty blond hair out of the Captain’s face. There’s blood across his face and one of his eyes is swollen and blackening. Something about it…
“Going to invite a girl in Nick? I did come all this way.”
"Yes for you, it's your birthday sweetie." his daddy said placing the box in the little's reach.
No one could help, this was Loki's penance. Even if he had been brainwashed by a mad titian he was still a monster, still guilty of so many sins. So much death...
The armors arrived moving the partition just as Steve sank to his knees, staring at his knuckles as they slowly healed.
Thor had taken many bedmates over the years; he was the favored son in that respect. Balder had a few before he settled down. The two eldest of Odin’s house were coveted by many a fair siren.
Tony and Barnes where in position waiting for the word when the Intel came in. It wasn't hard for Stark to speculate exactly what Shields Former Foe turned Hydra mistress – must have in mind. “She probably wants extremis because of its base process as a biotech. You said this robot chick was using the framework to set up some perfect society for herself right. Something tells me her image of perfect required a lot of mechanics.”
“It was supposed to get better. That’s what everyone said.” he muttered, thumb cranking back the hammer. “It doesn’t their still dead. Obie, he keeps bringing me these women and…I can’t all I see is her face. I look at them and see her cold dead face. I can hear Anthony crying at night, just like that first night.”
Steve shook his head maneuvering his feet over the side of the bed.  “Yeah, that’s… not happening.”  He said reaching out to steady himself with the IV pole only to find a wall of muscle in front of him offering an arm.
“Very good Captain, might I suggest rest? Sir would like to schedule some test if that is agreeable.”
Thor: BROTHER :( :( :(
Jane walked quietly at his side as he gathers his brother’s body in his arms. He could not leave him here, Loki would be sent to rest properly just as their mother had.
“Why did you assume I did something…that hurts Pep…cuts real deep.”
Smiling, the prolific inventor made his way down the exit ramp through the private garage and gently waved as the back door lifted from the car and chair headed out. “To what do I owe the pleasure Professor”
It wasn’t hard to see why Steve wouldn’t want to tell just anyone. The man was an icon, a living legend whom - up until recently, was Americas greatest Alpha. In Steve’s eyes that made him a lair. Even if the choice hadn’t been, his and he hadn’t exactly been in a position to correct it in the last half century.  There was also the problem of dynamics, in the old days there would have been no way a pack would consider an omega a worthy leader. Times had changed though, leaders where selected and followed based on merit first and everything else fell second. At least in the more educated circles.
When his Mr. Fluffy bottom gets another like on Instagram.
“Pete, your papa asked you to do something. We don’t say no buddy.”
No answer.
"Loki..Stop."
Erksine called him a good man, maybe that was true once… but what had he become since?
Pairing - frostiron
“It’s Bruce’s lab you gave it to him.” Steve deadpanned.
“Ok ok …”
He should have known. If someone would have told him sooner he would have come back, no matter how Stubborn Tony was he would have come back.
Banner shook his head and smiled. "I'll go pay the check and we can head home. Maybe have some ice cream and watch a movie?"
“I got it, go.”
“Tony it’s not just about being convincing. Look, last time - well we weren’t exactly ready. I wouldn’t change our lives now for the world because I love those kids and I know you do too; but I really want this. Not just for me but for us.” Steve reached out and took his alphas hands. “I want us to do this together.”
The morning would come and find the three of them wrapped around each other, Tony graded on both sides by his soldiers.
“Why do you stay with me..” The words fell from his lips.
“Hey!” he shouted, nearly falling from his stool trying to snatch the tumbler back.
some thing require a lot of hard work to win. And he was determined to win the heart of the red hair avenger known as Black Widow. The woman intrigued him and challenged him like no other, and for her he was willing to do his best to prove he was infect worthy of such a lady's  affections.
Fitz sat back the color draining form his face.  This was his nightmare come to life. “That's...bloody hell that's…”
The pair would have liked to bask in this blissful feeling a bit longer but that wasn't meant to be.
It would seem they were taking two steps forward just to take two steps back.
That’s were they found Steve; he was one of the few people who bothered coming up here. He’d plug in an old radio he found in an antique shop and tune it to the sports cast, oldies, or public access library channel. Today was the later, as the two omegas heard a woman’s voice reading a passage from Emily Dickenson.
Looking into those soft seas colored eyes, Loki could now see little flecks of gold. Anthony’s eyes did seem darker than the first day; Loki wondered if Amora had noticed that then she would have realized her own ruse would have failed ever faster. In a way, it made things easier because it was clear that this child had no part of that sea witch in him.
There is reference here to Agents of shield LMD, and the Framework arc in that series. This chapter will be a good deal shorter than what I normally post; sorry for that but it is within reason. The following chapter to this one will have a lot of action and I wanted to devote more writing time to that one. I hope this one will be a good frame up for the action packed chapter 8. So enjoy the respite for now kids. We are going to be treading water.
So perhaps a political or government official? Neither of these was favorable. Stark was in no mood to put on his press smile and talk about executive committees or some feel good ribbon cutting invitation for the avengers. He was certain he'd throw up if he had to attend another such event. Surrounded with people that couldn't care less the state of the country or its citizens. As long as their pockets were carefully lined with precious tax dollars and their brats got into Ivy League schools.
“Steve, do you want me to help you? To stick with you through this thing? You know I will baby, you just say the word.”
In the course of a single night, he managed to construct a cradle that would act as an oxygen chamber to help the little boy breathe. The first of it's kind to be so small but Howard refused to give up. It was inelegant in its design but it worked and that was what mattered. He just needed it to work until his son was strong enough on his own, surly that wouldn't be long? Howard wanted to believe this was all just a temporary pain and soon his son would be a smiling happy baby like Maria had always dreamed of.
“If this isn't Madam Hydra, who or what are we dealing with?”
So maybe the best place was the beginning.
“STARK!” Steve growled and fought back the urge to punch his alpha in the throat during his current contraction. “GET OUT. OUT BEFORE I THROW YOU THROUGH A WALL.”
“Steve?” Before Tony could say anymore the Captain turned on his heels and was storming past him looking paler than usual. “J call Bruce we might have a situation.” He followed at a jog still keeping some distance between him self and the unstable omega. “Steve just sit down.”
“What the hell are you doing?”
Nick Fury made the hard choices.
Wait.. No. Not going there. Never ever going there.
The ravenette bound his hair up on top of his head and slid into the emerald pool. “I am going to steal these when we leave.” he said looking up at the sky light. For the first time in a long time, Loki felt like a real prince again.
Bruce was nowhere to be see, likely down in his lab working, while Loki had the run of the place.
When war came to the lands of Marvellia, Joseph, like many other men with pride, took up his sword and lead his men under the banner of the King. Kissing his wife and child goodbye with hope and promise of a safe return.
Steve didn’t think so, somewhere in his agony soaked mind he could remember when they pulled him into the van - he saw Tony. He was lying on the curb with blood on his face. One of them had hit him, like a coward they had surprised them and took Tony out before he could call the suit.  Tony wasn’t here, that was good. That meant he was out there an looking for him.
Frigga glanced over at her grandson and noticed how sickly pale the normally tan skinned young man looked. She slipped around her other sons and gently touched her grandsons face. “Anthony, my dear you look ill.”
“So you don’t really know how he feels do you?” The agent pointed out. It was a good point.
Tony gave the thumbs up and flipped down the helmets mask before entering the service door. “J, go ahead and pull up the security feed for the hospital and scan for Tasha and Agent.”
Natasha still blamed Clint for the name; having started calling the puppy that and now it's all the damn thing will answer to.
The famed, Red Skull became a showpiece. Preserved in suspended animation by the very cube he sought out. Schmitt was on display in along with other collected curiosities in a realm far away. That was until another band of would be heroes stumbled into the Collectors shop and unleashed a wave of energy from another such stone - much like the tesseract.
“No Rogers, I gave them a hero fighting for revenge; I gave them a cause and a man to lead it. You know all about that Captain, only there were no back dancers for this one.”
The city and the nation held a modest welcome, per Steve’s request to quote ‘hold the fan fair for our boys fighting overseas, I’m just one man.’
There moments in life that feel so pure, when the sun shines it's brightest and the air tastes sweet. Days of gold where everything feels blessed. Unfortunately, these days can never last and life is seldom so easy.
Natasha just hummed and chewed her own doughnut, it’s amazing how she could be a murderous assassin and be sitting here with hot pink frosting around her mouth.
“Shut up and work with me!” She snapped carefully adjusting him in her arms. “ Just try Tony; we can do this right buddy? I've seen yo take way worse. Remember that time you and Clint thought it was a brilliant idea to see who was more badass by letting crabs snap your nips? That was so stupid.”
"What ever do you mean?" Loki evaded, not even very well. He was slipping and it was clear in the barely held smirk.
Not that Steve wasn't an absolute treat when he got all blushy and horny, because – God bless America!  Tony wasn't complaining about that part a bit, it was since they had decided to try for a baby that Steve had started doing awful things like reading Web MD.
Today Rogers had  taken residence on the tower balcony outside the penthouse. Sketching the cityscape and the streets below, it seemed strange to think that not long ago he’d sat at the little café just down the block sketching this very building. Never dreaming that one day he would be sitting her so causally. So…comfortably.
The inventor had been itching to get some readings on the mage’s mojo. He’d seen Loki’s siedr flow from the raven’s fingertips in the field. This time though he was determined to catch the sorcerer in the act and study what was really going on? There had to be something more solid than just hocus-pocus.
Loki was strong, Bruce knew that intellectually. But it wasn't until the broken toilet, fridge door, front door, coffee table, and several sets of silverware later – that Bruce really got the message. Loki had a tendency to 'express himself' very freely on the things they owned. It was lucky that Banner was currently on the Stark Industry payroll or he wouldn't be able to afford all of the repairs.
Soft piano notes began as a woman's voice rang out softly. Loki smiled a bit sadly and began to sing along.
“Look at me Steven, I will bring them back. On my honor, what little of it I may have – I swear to you that I will bring them back.” He did not promise to see that both would be alive, Loki knew that even he could not promise such a thing. Even so, he would be damned if his Alpha and Steve's did not see a proper burial. That much he could do.
That made it worse, because perhaps that was another facet Bruce had already considered. If there wasn't an outside force causing the man such harm – then it was an inside one. Loki had done this to himself and had clearly been willfully neglecting his own needs for some time now. Weather it was a passive means of suicide or just poor habits due to depression that had gotten out of hand? That was the question. What was clear, was that Loki had fallen into a dark place. A place that even Bruce's medical expertise might not be able to pull him out of.
“I would rather not.”
He hoped like hell he wasn’t waking up after another 70 years, to a world that could still be under the thumb madmen.
