“I love it, “Dean fell in quickly.  “I don’t get to eat it so often because uhm, you know Alastair’s…. hates it so I don’t use it for my cooking.”
He knew he should be thankful it was happening like this. At least this way, he knew what was coming and he knew what kind of behaviour his husband expected of him.
Castiel’s eyes widened and his mouth dropped open in utter bafflement. Sudden heat blossomed in his chest and left him feeling tingly, and to his outright shame, needy. His hand reached out before he knew what he was doing, seeking the comfortable warmth of Dean’s body. When he did realize, he stopped himself immediately, painfully aware of how his movement could be interpreted.
The annoying voice in the back of his head that wished for them to meet by chance in the supermarket was growing weaker every day. He was sure that after a couple more months his heart would catch up with his brain and make peace with the fact that him and Dean weren’t happening. Time really could heal everything. Hopefully.
The familiar nasal voice roused Dean from his deep slumber as he slowly became aware of large, wiry hands travelling down his chest towards his legs, grabbing the soft flesh of his thighs.
Ahh, so much drama.... Too much drama? I thought, I really needed to move the plot along, so all of this was the result :)
“I, uhm, I told him to not let them get to him.” He blushed a little. “That even when they laugh at him or throw things at him, he is a worthy human being, that he is strong and can stand up to them. That he could always talk to me if he needed someone to comfort him.”
Charlie smiled from ear to ear as Dean clasped her shoulder, a proud smile on his face. They were sitting side by side on the sofa in Charlie’s generous living room and Charlie had just finished her first error-free version of The Beatles’ “Let it Be”.
Castiel turned and hurried to the gym’s exit in a few quick strides. Outside, Charlie and Jo were waiting for him, all raised eyebrows and accusing expressions on their faces.
“There’s nothing to be ashamed of, alright, Dean? I don’t want you to feel uncomfortable. Please, if it’s not too much...would you lie down on the bed for me? I would like to take a look at your ribs now if you don’t mind.”
“Ooookay, then, “she said as he bit into his sandwich, “enjoy your lunch then. Hey, what did you think of Merlin, the cat with the ear infection? Don’t you also think his lady owner is a little bitchy?”
Gently, he led Dean upstairs and into his bedroom. Shoshanna followed them, but Castiel gently closed the bedroom behind him and Dean, after hugging her close and telling her quietly to go sleep in her own bed in the floor. Dean loved Shoshanna, but sleeping in a foreign bed was frightening enough, without having to endure the attentions of a lovesick dog on top if it. She whined in protest but quickly accepted Castiel’s command and laid down in her bed.
His legs felt like jelly and he wiggled them unconsciously until his neighbour fixed him with an irritated glare at which point he murmured an apology and forced himself to stop.
He sighed, nodding absently when his mother asked him if he thought that they should have a buffet rather than a set menu at the wedding. He really needed to pay more attention to his family. He so rarely got the chance to see them and now he was sitting here, not even listening to them. It was disrespectful and inconsiderate.
“Okay, I’m glad.” Castiel sighed in relief although he was still angry with himself. He knew how Dean was, how could he let himself go like that?
“I can’t do this anymore, Dean, “Castiel said, just as upset as Dean. “You can’t go on like this anymore, Dean. He’ll kill you sooner or later.”
“You really don’t need to do that!” he almost yelled as he turned back toward her, and she flinched in surprise.
He curled into himself, making himself as small as possible. He bent his head low, his eyes pressed shut and his face buried in his hands, trying to shut out the world and that was when Castiel couldn’t take it anymore.
“Thanks, Castiel, that was amazing, “his mother said as she wiped her mouth with a napkin. “I’ve eaten so much this whole week I think I’ll have to go on a low-carb diet again come tomorrow to lose a few pounds again.”
It was incredible how quickly a human body could adjust to such drastic change. Nowadays he usually had a very small appetite and he ate little. He didn’t need any greasy fast food anymore, he was content with small portions of whatever he cooked for Alastair. Alastair was proud of him for sticking to his diet with such stamina although Dean had repeatedly assured him that it didn’t cost him much effort anyway, that he had only been following his husband’s good example.
A kiss, soft and tender and loving, was placed upon his lips. He let that happen too and he didn’t open his eyes as his husband’s mouth lingered over his, a smile appearing upon it. His throat ached with a kind of throbbing pain and he knew that dark bruises were already starting to form there. He would be forced to wear a scarf during the next week at least. How fortunate that it was getting cold outside.
A deep feeling of regret filled his guts suddenly as the right answer came to him and Alastair confirmed his suspicion right in time.
15 Minutes later and Dean still hadn’t shown up. Disappointment spread out in Castiel’s chest and he finally stood up to make his way home again.
After a quick phone call and one short visit to the clinic, he had got himself a second job. To their pleasant surprise, he asked them to give him as many weekend shifts as possible, so he ended up with a schedule putting him on the roster for every Saturday night for the next few weeks.
He wanted to ask why Dean was here. He wanted to go over to the Christensen’s house and rip Alastair’s throat out. He wanted to let out a scream of joy that Dean had found the courage to come here, to him, seeking refuge, after what Alastair had done to him. Had he fled in a hurry? Would Alastair turn up at his doorstep, angry and demanding that Dean come home with him?
Simon and Garfunkel’s “Cecilia” began to blare loudly through his living room and on impulse, he started dancing along to the music.
These weren’t pupils of Medford High school. Well, maybe they were but mostly, these were pupils of the local Music school and of course, Dean was here. His pupils were performing here and apparently, so was he.
The door fell shut behind them and their hand’s disconnected automatically. They took off their jackets and shoes, washed their hands and agreed to eat dinner together in half an hour. As was their usual routine, Alastair sat down in the living room with his laptop to get some things done for work, while Dean disappeared into the kitchen to prepare dinner. Alastair had asked him for something light, so he was only going to make a chicken salad tonight.
But there were still a lot of unanswered questions and even though Castiel didn’t want to pressure Dean, he needed to know the answer to at least some of them.
His jaw set in a hard line as he cursed himself for thinking so much. He was getting sentimental, he was starting to doubt himself and that couldn’t do. Everything that had happened yesterday would come back and he couldn’t go back. He was proud that he had managed to end it, after fooling himself and poor Castiel for such a long time. He had been leading him on and wasn’t Alastair right after all, that he was a cock-tease?
An awkward silence followed and Castiel cleared his throat to speak again but Alastair anticipated him smoothly.
“Please, “Castiel repeated firmly, “for me?” Dean studied him hesitantly, his brows knitted together in a way that Castiel, despite everything, found adorable; then he slowly nodded and walked over to the desk, sitting down in the chair. Castiel quickly pulled another chair from out of the corner and sat down opposite him.
They reached their destination after only ten minutes of walking. The practice itself was a beautiful white building with a marble stairway and apple trees in the front garden. A large sign with his and Dr. Lindt’s names on them proclaimed the practice’s opening hours.
Time flew by fast at work and he somehow managed not to think about Dean most of the time. Even Meg’s tedious teasing had its merits which was the reason why he regularly engaged in a sort of verbal battle with her – it made the time pass even quicker. One late afternoon, when the last appointment of the day - old Mrs. Keely who showed up regularly with her ancient Norwegian cat to have her claws cut - decided to tell him the story of her life, he humored her, patting her wrinkly delicate hands in empathy when she told him how sad she was about seeing her grandchildren so rarely although his heart ached a little when she mentioned how much she had loved her late husband, that he had been the love of her life and she was a little lost and lonely since his passing.
They didn’t talk at first and Castiel realized that this was probably getting a little awkward, and he should say something to make thing easier between them, but he couldn’t. He was feeling worked up and confused. He was angry, although he couldn’t really pinpoint at whom the anger was directed at mostly. He was certainly angry at Charlie, for not telling him about her plans involving Dean. He was also incredibly outraged at the sheer presence of that monster Alastair who had had his hands all over Dean as if he wanted to shove it in Castiel’s face that Dean was his and would always stay that way. Castiel was powerless, he couldn’t do anything about the fact that Dean was married to Alastair and he couldn’t do anything about the abuse either. This powerlessness he had just felt made him so angry he felt he could rip out a tree from the ground if he just put his mind to it.
He caught himself. He had to gather his wits now or Alastair would be up to him. He could be here any second now and Dean wanted it to be over as quick as possible. He wanted to lie down in their familiar bed and go to sleep, forget this night had ever happened because he would never have something beautiful like this ever again. He would never lie in Castiel’s arm again. Never kiss him again.
Dean’s heart beat in his chest as he slowly worked his way down the stairs and then down their street. He could see that almost all the lights in the houses next to theirs were on. Everyone was probably eating dinner now, or already getting ready for bed. Maybe they would sit together, watch TV or play boardgames. Happy families. Happy couples. Dean envied them shamelessly.
“Thanks for waiting for me, “he said quietly as he stepped up beside Alastair. His gaze was turned forward towards the wheat field just like Alastair’s, their bodies aligning, but he couldn’t stop his eyes from darting over to his right to try to gauge Alastair’s mood. Alastair’s face was completely still and for a moment, Dean thought that Alastair had not heard him.
His right hand reached out to Dean, carefully caressing his swollen cheek with his thumb, and Dean forced himself to lean into the touch, instead of flinching away like his instinct was telling him to.
Dean opened his eyes and looked at him with tears shimmering in them. “Please stay, “he whispered, this time a little louder. “I’m sorry, I totally overreacted.”
Tears were glistening in his big green eyes and Castiel’s heart clenched at the sight of it. He reached out and gingerly pressed his thumb underneath his eye, wiping the unshed tears away.
Castiel had somehow managed to get by the rest of the summer. After his disastrous trip to Phoenix, he had decided he really needed to put more effort into busying himself. So he had attended a few neighbourly barbecues, spent a lot of time on movie marathons with Charlie and Jo, had thrown himself into his work with outright devotion.
When he had found an ad from a Dr. Alex Lindt searching for a partner for her veterinary practice here in this sweet little town in Oregon, he knew at once that it was his destiny to come here, as sappy as that sounded. So here he was. He had found this old little house just a few blocks away from work and the price hadn’t been too high – it had to be renovated quite a bit though. So, he had asked his brothers to help him and to his eternal gratefulness they had all taken a week off to come and help him with the house. It had turned out wonderful, just like his mother said. She was here now for the first time, helping him unpack his things and spending the first few days with him in his new home, along with Gabriel. He was thankful that he didn’t have to be alone at first, because he was still a bit nervous despite his firm decision to undergo this endeavour.
There was no way of knowing, and Castiel gripped the sink hard, steadying himself, the torment of ignorance tearing him up inside. It was almost too much to bear and he was seconds away from calling the police despite the fact that Alastair was the Chief of Police in Medford. Maybe he could find another high-ranking officer who would believe him. Maybe he could persuade them that their colleague was a foul, despicable human being who beat his own husband on a regular basis and who needed to get arrested by them immediately.
Instead, he suddenly found himself standing in front of a door to a house. A house where he had been only once, but he immediately recognized it. Apparently, his feet had carried him somewhere specific, deciding his way for him.
One of those evenings he visited Charlie and Jo. They drank a few glasses of wine together, watched a funny movie and overall, he had a pretty good time. Still, it wasn’t as easy to forget Dean as when he was at work. He observed Charlie and Jo together, saw their hands intertwining constantly, saw them exchange short, tender kisses every now and then and it hurt every time. Charlie noticed it and she tried to put a little more distance between her and Jo, but her girlfriend wouldn’t be put off so easily and she scooted back to her every time, to nibble at her earlobe teasingly or to take her hand back into hers. Charlie blushed and Castiel was a little embarrassed.
He shook his head, despair creeping up his throat once again. “But I don’t know how I can do it, Charlie. I almost went mad not seeing him for the last few days, how will I go on never ever seeing him again? I’m not sure I can do it, it just hurts so much.” He buried his face in his hands, utterly ashamed. Charlie put her hand on his knees and stroked it softly.
But Dean had already turned to search for something to clean up the wine. “I’m sorry, I’ll clean this up at once. I’m always so clumsy, I always do this. I should really be more careful.” He moved around in the kitchen, muttering nervously, still searching.
After an hour everyone who had agreed to come had shown up, so he turned the music down a little, cleared his voice and tapped his spoon against his beer bottle. Everyone stopped taking and looked at him expectantly.
“I saw you, Dean. I looked out the window and I saw you smile at him. You encouraged him. Why would he just touch you like that?” Alastair leaned down and he grabbed Dean’s jumpsuit again, pulling him up right into his face. “So tell me! What did you say?”
Castiel just smiled back. “Okay, bye Dean.” He started to walk away and stopped when he heard Dean answer.
Dean’s mouth closed in grim determination as he tried to steel himself, but then another thought entered his mind.
That kind of rage had been flowing through his veins just a few moments ago and if he was honest, it scared Castiel to the core that he was capable of such intense, overwhelming fury. It was as if he lost control over himself, as if his mind were overtaken by a higher power, something that told him to punch, to hurt, to stop the wrong in front of him until it wasn’t wrong anymore. Until it couldn’t do no wrong anymore. It was frightening, knowing he had that dark side inside him, and he was glad there hadn’t been many occasions in which it had reared its ugly face.
His words were like the signature to a treaty with the devil. As if he had signed his own life sentence.
Castiel closed his eyes and counted to five, taking a deep breath. Then he opened them again and concentrated on breathing out slowly, gradually calming himself down that way.
“Right, sorry, “she replied, “okay, so you’re in love with Dean and his police husband’s a dick. You can’t seem to get him out of your head so you wanna meet him again, right? Although that would clearly only cause serious problems.” She furrowed her brows. “That the situation, right?”
He nodded and waved as he stepped outside on the street again, Shoshanna right beside him. He walked the few meters to his house with a huge smile on his face.
Dean swallowed heavily and tried to make himself relax under the probing fingers of his husband. He fought to keep his breathing under control, and he felt tiny beads of sweat forming in the back of his neck, but he remained standing still, waiting for Alastair to decide what to do next.
Dean flashed a nervous smile at him. “It was delicious, Alastair, you know I love it when you cook.”
There had been only one time before when Dean had been desperate enough to leave the house and seek refuge at a neighbor’s house, back when they still had been in Portland. Alastair had beaten him with the belt as usual, but that time he had been drunk and had lost control of himself. He had gone completely ballistic, screaming at Dean for his disobedience, belting him over the head and his back without counting until Dean had been nothing more than a trembling, limp form on the ground. He had finally calmed down then. Mrs. Hill from next door had been terrified when he had turned up at her door and she had begged him to call the police as well as an ambulance. He had regretted his decision to come to her right there and then, had allowed her to clean his face, and then Alastair had come to collect him.
. For a minute, Dean simply stared at his reflection, his brain already going through suggestions as how to explain the bandana around his neck and the slight bend to his walk should he slip up.
Then he smiled - a beautiful, sad sort of a smile, spreading across his face as he blinked, making the tears finally spill out of his eyes and trickle down his cheek. But strangely enough, he looked happy. He looked like a man who knew that he was not allowed happiness but who knew what it tasted like and was grateful for it.
For a moment, Castiel panicked when he realized he had neither showered nor bothered to dress himself. Instead he was still in his shirt and pyjamas and his hair was a total mess. He rushed into the bathroom to at least brush his teeth and he had just finished when the doorbell rang.
Dean’s shoulder twitched in a seemingly unminding shrug, but Castiel knew better. He saw the fear in Dean’s eyes as he leaned forward so that they were only inches apart. He ignored the shot of adrenaline surging through his blood as he took in the scent of the other man: a hint of motor oil, with something more real underneath: something earthy but also sweet and fresh, the sun warming weeping leaves, heavy with water after a summer rain, the very essence of the man in front of him. He tried to ignore the faint coppery smell of blood that also weaved into the mixed scents coming from Dean, and he hastily banished all thoughts of smells as he held up a finger.
“Dean!” Alastair shout-whispered as he reached him, squatting down in front of him, grabbing his arm. It made Dean flinch but Alastair ignored this as his eyes frantically searched his husband’s pallid face. “What are you doing here outside?”
Cold, naked fear got a hold of Dean and squeezed him in a choking, merciless embrace. He froze, backed up helplessly against the door as he waited for Alastair to make his move.
“Tell me, Dean, “Castiel murmured, as he pulled even closer, his eyes piercing into Dean’s with sincere despair, “did you not like staying with me all those weeks ago, even if it was only for one night? Did you not feel safe with me? Protected?”
Alastair stilled beneath him, then he pulled Dean down against his chest. Once again, his mouth covered Dean’s, this time without any involvement of tongues, as his lips brushed over Dean’s tenderly, teasingly.
“I said leave me alone!” Dean repeated, although Cain had stepped away from him. He was shaking all over, heat creeping up inside him, and he hated himself for his weakness, on display for this handsy stranger. Even though Alastair wasn’t here, he felt his presence right here with them. He almost couldn’t get himself to breathe, and he knew he had to get away from here.
Undeniably real and his whole body froze in terror as it hit him like a train. Everything that had happened, everything that he had done.
The week with his Gabriel and their mother was coming to an end. Today was Saturday, tomorrow after breakfast the two of them would leave for the airport. They had intentionally picked an early flight, so he could have the rest of the day to himself, to give him some peace and quiet before work started on Monday.
“Castiel, I’m so glad you’re finally here, “she beamed as she crouched down to greet Shoshanna as well. “There’s much to do, I have to tell you. But first things first: did you settle down here alright? Everything unpacked, do you have everything you need?”
He cursed himself once again as he held his arm underneath the faucet, cool running water soothing his throbbing skin. After a minute, he turned off the water and inspected the damage. It didn’t look too bad but there was a small burn mark on the inside and it hurt a little. Dean dismissed it and swiftly returned his attention to the chicken. Alastair wouldn’t appreciate it being burned.
“I’m being ridiculous, Shoshanna, aren’t I?” he said to his dog with a heavy sigh. Shoshanna licked his face with sincere sympathy, as if she wanted to encourage him to just write something.
, he thought as he slid down the wall next to the door to Dean’s room. There was no Plexiglas here and there were no sounds coming from the room, seemed like the doors were soundproof.
Dean nodded and he tentatively raised his head, allowing his eyes to roam over Castiel’s bedroom, glancing from the maroon-colored heavy curtains to the board games stuffed into the small shelf in the corner.
She handed him his spoon with raised eyebrows, and he took it, firmly deciding not to think about Dean at least for a little while.
Before he could go on, Dean cut in. “Why? I asked you to respect my wish not to meet again and this is how you react?!” His voice was bordering hysterical now, his lips were trembling, he seemed completely upset.
Dean held it up for him to inspect. “I think it’s sprained. A-Alastair….he stepped on it and h-he….he pushed down.”
“Castiel, I …. “Dean seemed as unsure and overwhelmed with the situation as he was. “I- I don’t know what I want to do. I didn’t even know I wanted to come here until I suddenly found myself in front of your door. I…I hope it's okay that I went here….”
*:  Yes, I know, Dean is really going through a lot :( How about some overdue comfort in the next chapter? :)
Was it? Something twisted deep within Dean as he forced himself to consider the possibility, tuning out the voice inside him that was crying out in misery at the very thought.
He wanted to beg his husband to let him breathe, but he couldn’t. He tried to get out of his husband’s brutal grip but found he could not move and he could already feel his strength leaving him. His vision went blurry, white noise pounding in his ears, his legs starting to buckle and he desperately grasped at the counter, stark, naked fear taking him in its cruel grip.
“I told them I was mugged, “Dean said quickly and Alastair’s eyes flashed with relief. “That I was out on a late-night stroll and didn’t notice where I was going. That I ended up in a bad end of town where I was mugged and beaten. They believed me.”
But then Dean parted his lips, sighing into Castiel’s mouth and Castiel groaned, his tongue diving into the other man’s sweet mouth as he pushed him against the door, his fingers digging into the hard texture of his jeans.
He bit the inside of his cheek to keep himself from talking – he couldn’t stand speaking about this mess, less alone hear his pathetic whiny voice, when Charlie grabbed both his hands with hers, ducking her head so as to make eye contact with him.
“So you haven’t really talked to each other? Gotten to know each other, on your way to work maybe? He seemed a nice enough guy when he showed up at our doorstep, with his self-made cookies and everything. That’s not something everybody does.”
“Oh thank you, Dean, thank you, “she exclaimed and she stepped forward to pull him into a quick hug. He tensed under the unexpected touch, but he let it happen and she let him go quickly.
“Great, then give me your phone number, I’ll text you, “Castiel said and he took his phone out of his pocket, unlocked it and handed it over to Dean.
Dean looked at him with doubt in his mind, but he seemed to relax a little under Castiel’s reassuring touch. Then he noticed Shoshanna jumping up at him with a waggling tail and his eyes lit up.
He closed his eyes and concentrated on the feeling of lying here, lying in this room, on this bed, next to another man. Lying next to Castiel, in his arms, safe and sound. Held by a man who had shown him genuine affection, who had taken him into his home, giving him shelter and tending to his wounds. Who had confessed that he had fallen in love with him, who said he wanted to be with him, and at this moment Dean accepted it as the truth. They were here, together, nobody else mattered, nothing could hurt them as long as they had each other.
“Not if I eat you first.” The other man spoke taking a seat near their tree, their back to the entrance of the hole. Sarah wondered if she risked coming out the front, the only way out, or did she risk digging her way out the small opening and out the backside of the tree. Sarah knew it was suicide to go out the front, if they noticed the hole they would check. She needed to run. She needed to dig her way out the back. Sarah raised her paws trying to quietly dig. One of the men raised his head at the noise.
“You’re lucky I ran into you...I had to learn this all by myself.” The man admitted looking down at his feet when he walked.
“I enjoyed watching you splash around like the little mermaid.” Castiel pushed himself up laughing as Dean beamed. “Now, what was that big surprise you wanted to surprise me with?”
A loud roaring growl escaped from behind them causing the kids to scream as Anna could only turn in seconds being grabbed roughly by her arm. Causing her to scream, Castiel putting pressure on it, it caused her to fall to her knees from the pain.
“Come omega.” Alastair wrapped an arm around him tightly. He stank of booze and Castiel had to keep from vomiting again. Dean tensed following after them as they walked towards the boat. “To feast and be merry! For tonight we start our kingdom!”
“Dean! Over here! Look over here!” Paparazzi called the couple out walking out in the street. Castiel wearing his nerdy glasses, Castiel wore a light yellow crop top sweater of Dean’s band merch, The Hunters, and loose light blue jeans. Castiel sporting his black and blue engagement ring on his finger holding a lollipop as they walked through the paparazzi and their cameras. “Castiel! Over here! Castiel?! When’s the big day?!”
Besides, no one was trusted to change the prince besides another omega, in case beta had some ideas. It was only a bonus that Gabriel also happened to be a boy. Gabriel was a servant so he was less sought after, but still very wanted. It just shocked him that...Gabriel had agreed to Sam. Despite his father believing in this match. It was Gabriel who made the ultimate decision. Gabriel said yes.
“Hello,” Anna stated with no love or care in her voice. It was like she was indifferent to him. Dean noticed, he took in how much taller she was, how her wings were massive, long, and well cared for. Gabriel’s wings have never had the same care and still had scars Dean could feel when he cleaned his wings at night. Dean took a step towards Gabriel putting a hand on his back.
Dean’s tongue slid in and out of him, Castiel unable to stop himself from rocking down on his tongue. He never felt this way before. Maybe it was the smell of Dean’s rut. Dean’s finger teased at his hole as his other one worked his cock. Dean somehow held it together to make sure Castiel was ready and prepared for sex. Making sure he was stretched, making sure he was just as turned on as Dean was.
“Months, days? Who knows.” Castiel stated holding himself looking around. “So when I say I am here because I wanted to keep you safe, I do mean it. I have my doubts we can fall in love, even if you were willing to, in time to save me anyways. I gave up on my idea of saving the angels...right now...I just want to save you.” Dean said nothing for a long time. “...I’m sorry...I let you down, Dean. I never told you because I didn’t want to cause drama for something that wouldn’t happen.” Castiel moved to leave but Dean’s hand on his wrist stopped him.
“I-I tried to save your soul!” Castiel breathed angrily as the man scoffed. “Do...you know what they do to you when your time comes?!”
“Get that out of his face.” Dean hissed but Security separated them before it got any worse. Gordon eyed the reaction with amusement as everyone scrambled for a photo of Castiel.
“Could we get the burger with extra pickles? Two?” Castiel smiled up to the flight attendant who smiled going to get the pre-made food. Castiel leaned in to kiss Dean’s neck kissing his mating mark. “Thanks for putting my mind at ease, I was starting to think it was the milk man’s baby.” Castiel teased as Dean snorted.
“I guess not.” Jess couldn’t argue with that, Jess wouldn’t have believed even she would eat in a fancy place like that. Charlie locked up the van like normal, making it seem like Jess was inside for the night.
“Maybe your flowers assaulted me first?” Dean blushed embarrassed by the idea a flower could beat him. “I have taken three men at once in hand to hand combat, I chose mercy for the flower.” Castiel smiled softly at that behind the flower. “However, you woke up today and chose violence. Careful, Prince, the flower’s family will seek revenge.”
“No, you will not be going to the office,” Dean commented as Castiel shut up. Sam’s eyes drifted to Dean and Castiel. The awkwardness filled the room. Were they fighting?
“I’m dead in ten years anyway. That’s what you do right?” Castiel glared Dean took in his anger. “In ten years on the day I made my deal in the EXACT moment I kissed you, you will make me brutally end my life making it look like a suicide, right?” Dean said nothing. “...I made a deal for YOU! That includes all you know! Now, do we understand each other?!” Dean sighed crossing his arms as he sat back in his chair.
“It’s Hershey.” Charlie tilted her head with a smile. “Did you want anything else?” The amazon turned to look at a small stuffed bear on a small display and grabbed it.
“Sam! You didn’t!” Castiel gasped happily before Sam couldn’t speak, Castiel hugged him in a mess of tears.
“Okay, see you inside.” Dean nodded as he walked up the stairs of the mansion. Pushing the door open with the shotgun. Dean walked inside prepared for a fight, what he didn’t expect however was how energizing the room was Dean felt his hair stand on end. Dean looked around the shotgun pointed. There was something uneasy about the place. “Sam?”
Castiel gasped arching his back, Dean moved to kiss his neck. Dean didn’t wait to move, slowly thrusting into his lover. Castiel closed his eyes mumbling a string of curses under his breath. They were keeping it down, their bodies moving against each other. Dean rocking slowly and easily making Castiel gasp loudly. Glad their room was a bit isolated from the others.
“The tea is ice cold, Michael.” The first police officer spoke, as the other was glancing around the living room. “He looks like he just left everything like he planned to return.”
“I’m crying.” Dean wheezed in pain as Castiel placed the food on the side table. “I can’t breathe.” Castiel spooned against him from behind just holding him before he kissed his neck softly just cradling him. “God, I love you so much.”
“Alright, let’s go get you one,” Mary stated leading them back towards the house as Castiel slowly turned towards the teens.
Castiel sighed as Dean played with his seatbelt. Dean took it off, put it on, took it off. Castiel stared at his innocence, watching him be so fascinated by the seat belt. But they weren’t innocent were they? Demons? He would be a monster just like the rest of them. He would take lives and ruin families. No matter how innocent Dean seemed, Castiel was training him to better hone his skills to become a better predator. Castiel pulled off his own seatbelt getting off the car quickly. Dean turned watching Castiel walk around the car to let him out.
“They believe with a royal heir, things will solidify their kingdom. And they aren’t wrong.” His father explained.
Dean backed the car out of the house before he sped out of the apartment. Castiel’s whole body was in shock as Dean sped down the street, both hands clenching the wheel. Castiel pulled down the passenger mirror, looking at the bleeding injuries on his face. He has never been hurt before. Castiel tasted his blood in his mouth, his eyebrow was pouring blood, and most likely needed stitches.
“Why wouldn’t he? If...he knows how much I love you...how could he say no?” Sam asked as tears filled Gabriel’s eyes as he moved to hug him tightly. Sam held him close, nuzzling him when Gabriel felt a lurch to his stomach. Gabriel yanked away moving out of the cave before vomiting into a bush. Sam looked concerned getting up to follow him, Gabriel caught his breath panting as he tried not to be sick again. “There must be something wrong. I never have seen you sick like this.”
“Why don’t you guys go get your crayons and we can draw a bit before dinner.” Dean offered as the boys giggled before handing the boys the novels. “Take the books to your room and put them by the bed. So I can start reading to you tonight.” The boys nodded running upstairs to get their stuff when Dean went through his bag.
Castiel smiled softly at him, Dean didn’t let go of his hand till Riot came up demanding some attention.
“Dean, you’re...a good guy...you were with my mom when...she died.” Claire swallowed sadly. “I’m...glad she didn’t die alone. Others wouldn’t have held a bleeding prostitutes’ hand while she died. You are a saint...but Dean, you can’t keep coming back here, they’ll start thinking I’m a snitch.”
“My crossroads go where I go,” Dean spoke digging into the food, it took a bit to understand how to figure out how to eat the burger but he managed with some pointers from Castiel. “Since I’m your house guest for the next ten years-”
“...Michael and his sacred poodle Balthazar. I never found them, therefore, the match is still on. Even if I believe they are dead.” Castiel stated seriously. “We take matches seriously. Just like ours was serious.”
Gordon cursed before he looked around before walking to the front door. He peered out the peephole seeing security hanging out near the front door, talking to the other security guard who was about to take over for the late shift.
“I’d like that.” Castiel smiled as Dean chewed, continuing to explain stuff. Castiel eyed him watching his mannerism with curiosity.
“Sleep?” Dean breathed in worry, something about it really set him off. Castiel saw the fear in Dean’s eyes. “N-No, I don’t want to!”
“...” Dean made a face. “...I’m going to bring you lunch.” Dean got out of bed to start getting lunch ready for him. “That’s what you need, a real meal.”
,” Castiel whispered as Dean bolted over there quietly closing the door. Castiel moved to the bedroom door before sliding it open, Gabriel stood there smiling. “Gabriel, I-I thought you would be with Sam?”
“I-I’m supposed to be helping you.” Gabriel let out a shaken breath but Sam’s glowing red eyes continued to stare at the omega under him.
“Only day off?” The man chuckled sliding his hands into his pocket as Castiel gave him an annoyed glance. “...Question. What day is it to you?”
Dean walked down the street carrying some fast food as he walked over to the fifteen-year-old standing on the corner with an older woman. Young and blonde hadn’t noticed Dean walking up.
“Hello?” Castiel called but the music was way too loud. Castiel took a couple of steps in trying to call again but all in vain. Castiel sighed walking over to the cassette player pushing the stop button. The music stopped instantly as he sighed glancing around the apartment now inside and in silent peace. “Hel-...”
“Change...right here?” Castiel looked around the store seeing a couple of customers shopping around, but it was late. They were almost closed.
“Why?” Castiel snorted. “What’s so fancy at the beach now we couldn’t do while we were alive?” Dean just smiled.
“Gabriel. Did you want to come hunting with me?” Sam asked as Gabriel seemed taken back, he never hunted before.
“No.” The fae spoke. “I give you my word.” The fae put his hand to his chest and bowed slightly. “No harm will come to you because of me.” Though they had no reason to...they believed him.
“I said the same thing at first...but he’s pretty amazing,” Crowley explained as Eve glanced up. “He...reminded me what true compassion is...I hated him for a while. In jealousy of the attention, he got but...I realize the attention is worth it. He’s a king man...hell...he helped me find my mate when he was right in front of me all along.”
“...” Castiel nodded as Dean rubbing his large belly. Castiel touched his belly with care. “You okay?”
“Attention, Novak family, now that you’re all buckled up and ready. I have announced we will be taking off to our destination of....” The speakers called as Dean glanced up hoping they would reveal where. “...A surprise!” Castiel busted up laughing as Dean frowned.
“I’ll be right back with your food,” Dean spoke as the Fae nodded turning to look out the window. Dean nodded softly before he moved towards the kitchen. Sam and Adam turned mid-bite to Dean who walked in.
“Dean?” Castiel ran across following him as Dean panted in emotions. Dean turned to look at him in uncontrollable anger. Castiel knew the jig is up. “...Okay, so I know you’re mad-” Castiel laughed nervously as Dean threw his hand back punching him hard in the nose. The alpha groaned holding his bloody nose, as Dean stormed back to the Limo shaking his bruising hand.
“D-Dean,” Castiel called. “I-I love you.” Castiel sobbed as Dean opened his mouth to speak but the sound was lost to the wind. He was going to lose Dean...forever. “Rowena, tell my uncle he can have the estate. I won’t need it!” Castiel yelled to her before he didn’t hesitate to bolt into Dean’s arms just as the spell took him away.
A soft sneeze beside him made Castiel smile and turned to see his best friend and personal guard Dean trying to not die from the attack of a flower that kept tickling his nose. Castiel eyed his freckled face companion who was trying to bat the flower away from his nose but the flower stood firm in its assault.
“No.” Castiel sat up. “You didn’t eat.” Castiel watched Dean storm into the kitchen grabbing a beer from the fridge.
“Normally, they call you pup till after their first deal.” The demon explained as he picked up some glass in his hand. “...You’re my first deal. Normally we take their names in honor of our first deal...but since I’m stuck with you for ten years that might be a little awkward…”
“Altas, no…” Dean whimpered in tears as he lifted his hips enough to slide his pants and underwear down, seeing all the blood. Touching it, he felt down there before cursing. Dean closed his eyes laying his head back against the wall. He had been ignoring the contractions for so long but he couldn’t anymore. The baby was coming. With or without his permission and with all this blood, Dean could only hope Altas was okay.
“I tried, but then he broke it up to get past the censor,” Sam stated. “Fu….ck. You.” Sam mimicked as Dean chuckled. “It’s easier on the ears to leave it uncensored.”
“Well, if you want to know, I won’t mind telling you,” Dean stated getting up to make them some hot chocolate. Castiel got up following him to the kitchen watching Dean making the drinks. “There was a kid from the streets I grew attached to-”
“...More than you think.” Sam offered the folder again. “...You lost someone too that day.” Castiel tensed at those words looking away he covered his quaking lips with his hand. “...I just think…you both have a lot more in common than you think.”
“Doors unlocked.” The other stated, the two glancing around the house as Castiel walked over to them.
Sam walked up the stairs sadly as John continued to cry on the ground. Mary attempted to care for his nose but John just kept sobbing like a mess.
“It doesn’t work like that.” The man explained grabbing Castiel’s arm stopping him. “...You aren’t really holding it.” Castiel paused taken back as he looked at his hand seeing...it was empty and the phone was back where it previously was. “Things we touch in this world, don’t affect the living world.”
He heard his phone ringing, the distinct ringtone which was a favorite song of his. Iris from The Goo Goo Dolls.
“Fuck no. Do you know how much I can make selling your fucking sex tape and some photos of you two?” Gordon laughed coldly. “More than you can afford!”
“Castiel is perfect, Thank you for giving me a name.” Castiel turned to the boys who smiled at them as Dean tried to stand on his foot. “Be careful.”
“Well, I promise, it’s only for the next couple of days and we can go back home,” Dean stated. “So if it gets too much, just remember that.”
“Let me rephrase.” Castiel corrected. “When was the last time you wanted company?” Dean said nothing. Dean reached for his beer but it was empty, Castiel held out a small milk bottle which Dean took without argument. Dean opened it drinking it down. “...Did this start before Savior-”
“Benny, the police are here about Castiel.” Joanna sniffed as Benny moved to sit next to her comfortingly holding her hand.
“Dean?” Castiel called standing as he walked through the house. It was quiet, too quiet.  “De-” He stepped onto the porch seeing Dean on the ground cradling a bloody nose with pirates around him. Castiel tensed to see a taller man kick him roughly in the face. “S-STOP!”
“We have seen your work. It’s wonderful.” Castiel stated. “We have even seen your work with Charlie as your model.”
“I would...hate for something to happen to me because you weren’t close.” Castiel breathed as Dean helped him out of his top. Castiel tossed the top to the ground before Castiel untied his pants. Letting them fall in front of Dean exposing his naked body to him. Dean eyed him as Castiel walked towards the bath, Castiel turned to eye him. “...Coming?”
“It’s a mating mark isn’t it?” Dean blinked tears filling his eyes as Castiel rubbed his hair. Dean held his breath. Castiel...did have a mate. This whole time. He...lied to him?
“I know you gave the blade to Cain,” Benny stated as Crowley blinked in surprise. He...didn’t think anyone knew. “I saw you with the blade getting it out of Castiel’s vault. I didn’t realize what you had done until Sam returned with the blade stolen back from Cain. I saw what you did and...said nothing. I told myself I would keep a better eye on you. To keep your stupid jealousy from making you even more stupid.”
“You owe me nothing?” Sam looked up coldly as Castiel tensed at his words, looking into the eyes of a man who saw more than he should of. Castiel squeezed his eyes shut at the memory of the swinging rope swaying in the lost momentum.
“So you and your brother hunt things?” Castiel asked. “Sounds terrifying. I only know about witches and devils. How do you do it?”
“My ankle is swollen but...it’s feeling better to keep off of it.” She admitted laying her head on her good paw.
“Will do!” Ash stated taking the plate of pasta with him. Castiel watched him go as Lucifer the dog ran in chasing Colonel, the dogs enjoyed playing together. Castiel watched them go around before he hugged Sam and Gabriel again.
“Lay down and sleep. Please.” Dean spoke softly touching his stomach. Castiel looked down at the loving touch. “Think of the baby.” Castiel would have objected but...the shock was wearing off. Castiel was tired, cold,  his body ached, his head pounded and his body was begging to rest for the child he carried. Castiel climbed into bed without argument laying down as Dean lit a small cast iron heater by the bed. Tending to the fire as he worked beside him on the floor, Castiel blinked tired eyes watching him till he closed his eyes and drifted to sleep.
Dean returned to the mansion, holding a couple of bags of items from the stores he visited. Benny always seemed to know when he was returning home, happy to help him carry what he needed inside.
He collapsed into Castiel’s bed, missing him more than he thought he could. Just looking up at the ceiling listening to the silence of the night before getting up. Dean walked over to Castiel’s closet grabbing one of Castiel’s sweaters putting it on. He took in Castiel’s comforting scent. If you told him a year ago that he would be married to the king of all demons...completely in love...he would have said you were crazy...but now?
“Please, let me accompany you for your safety,” Roman spoke. Castiel bowed his head lightly before heading off the ship with Roman behind him.
“They are lucky to have you.” The fae spoke, Dean whimpered slightly in pain as the fae slowed his hands. “Just as I was lucky to have been found by you. I thank you for keeping me till I get well. You didn’t have to risk you and your family, but I appreciate it.” Dean said nothing eyeing his face.
“So…” Dean leaned back into the chair crossing his legs amused chomping a fry. “Which one of our rugrats told you?”
Gabriel’s car skid on the road trying to follow the van, Castiel was in worry shaking the car with every movement of his body.
my people...Have a good day, Dean.” Chuck moved to walk away when some young teen knocked into him causing him to drop his drink and scatter the boy’s papers.
“Just some more information about you guys biologically,” Castiel explained. “It’s nothing serious.” Dean nodded not understanding that. Castiel snorted softly at noticing Dean didn’t know what he was talking about. “Don’t worry about it.” Castiel got up and put the envelope onto the side table with his keys for the next time he went out.
“Um...Yeah, I guess…” Castiel pulled back. “You are my mate, your wild is an alpha. You can have Sam state his claim and if...Balthazar doesn’t show… Sam wins.” Castiel shrugged offering what he knew.
Gabriel stood at the door with Sam, they were holding hands. Gabriel was shaking nervous but Sam held strong. Benny had picked up the kids in the brand new limo since the last one exploded...Castiel also forgot to mention it to Dean. The kids gasped at the cool house outside which Gabriel and Sam could hear them walking up. Castiel left Dean’s side to move and open the door. Four children of non-human eaters looked up at him.
Dean sucked in air at the soft touch of his lips, the touch was so soft he almost thought he had dreamed it till Castiel pulled back. He seemed almost as surprised as Dean, slowly taking his hands off him.
“I don’t care about that,” Gabriel whispered kindly, Sam paused at the words. “You’re my friend, Sam...I could care less.”
“Nose?” Booker tilted his head for more nuzzling. Sam lit up gasping as Booker looked up at his father. “Nose?” Sam leaned down trying to nuzzle him, Booker nuzzling him back before falling over.
“You were never nothing. I always knew you were destined for greatness.” Gabriel smiled softly kissing his hand. “You have the world at your fingertips...What will become of them is your design. You were given the power to make something of them, so be great.” Castiel smiled softly before he pulled Gabriel into a tight hug. They held each other before pulling back. Castiel sunk into the water more.
“M-Maybe if we kept riding a couple of hours but we don’t know how close we are to the end of this trail.” Michael choked.
“Eve, Please come with me,” Crowley spoke from behind her as Eve paused but turned and walked over to him. Eve followed him down the servant quarters as Crowley brought her to a bedroom. Eve blinked confused looking around a kid’s bedroom. There were a couple of beds cleaned but the room hadn’t been used in years, in a bed pushed against the wall, Lilith laid sleeping with stacked up pillows in case she rolled off with the stuffed dog from earlier.
“Come and play with us, Gordon.” The twins spoke. “Forever...and ever...and ever-” Gordon slammed into the wall causing Macaroni to shower down on him and the stairs from one of Mary’s macaroni art. Gordon fell to his knees screaming and cowering as everyone else opened the doors to their bedroom. Even John accompanied by Lucifer came up to the stairs seeing the stranger.  Dean was the first to come out along with Sam whose room was right next to the screaming Gordon as Dean blinked in surprise.
“Cas! Wow!” Charlie beamed gasping. “This is gorgeous! I can’t believe when I set you up this is where you two would end up!”
The smoke detector went off in his house causing him to curse, Castiel climbed out of bed and ran towards the kitchen seeing the demon curiously eyeing the toaster. Castiel cursed loudly moving past him to unplug the toaster. Castiel coughed loudly fanning the air as he popped out what was inside. Castiel reached to yank out the charcoal food items, tossing them in the sink before watering them down.
Castiel spent time cleaning the glass windows and fixing his sink. He crossed off the two long chores he did that day. It was his day off being a Sunday, he had plans to just stay home and clean his house, as well as get some of his college homework done. He had to finish this essay before Monday when it would be graded by his professor. Castiel sighed sitting at his desk rubbing his face. After hours of getting a couple of words on paper, he got up deciding to get a run in so he could clear his head.
Castiel woke to the smell of eggs which made him sit up, he was warm and felt so much better physically but mentally no. His best friend...he...didn’t die...right? Castiel wiped a tear that fell as he felt his stomach already craving food or threatened to throw up again. Castiel got up moving to the kitchen to see Dean cooking over an open fire, Castiel eyed Dean who looked so odd in another man’s clothes. His clothes were almost too tight for him. The only way he got the shirt on was to leave it open. Dean glanced up to see Castiel standing in the bedroom doorway.
“No, I just...I just wanted Castiel to have a real chance of love with someone who would live long enough to be with him-” Crowley tried to explain. “Honest...really...I still worry about Castiel’s heart-”
“Love, he just needs to grab his supplies!” Gabriel spoke holding Castiel trying to calm him. Gabriel rubbed his back with care. “He’s right behind us, I’m sure.” They were jerked roughly but Gabriel held him protectively stopping them from slamming into the carriage wall.
“Cas?” Dean turned as Castiel tossed off his coat and kicked off his snow boots in a hurry. “What are you doing here? I’m sick.” Checking his phone as he moved to Dean.
“...And If it wasn’t obvious. He’s the gay that likes to watch love it or list it.” Michael commented as Joanna cracked a smile for the first time since she heard her friend was missing.
“You stood next to me the whole time...you seemed out of it before you simply just walked out of the store and into oncoming traffic!” Castiel explained worriedly. “Don’t do that again. You stay by my side! Got it? Hold my goddamn hand if you need to, but don’t wander off!”
“We will keep you up to date,” Lucifer reassured as they left the house heading back to their door. Heading to their car to meet the next person to interview, Cain Abel.
“...Well what if I told you, I know of someone who wants to help you,” Rowena asked as Castiel questioned that.
“I was thinking we should go to the city,” Dean commented eating more bacon. “They are playing Hamilton, we could sneak in.”
“Hi,” Dean spoke softly and kindly. “What’s your name, squirt?” The kid giggled and ducked quickly behind the clothes rack again. Dean went around the clothing rack, getting to the back of the clothes rack where the child would have been.
“We will protect you both, Master,” Gabriel spoke. “When you and Dean finally produce a child...” Castiel took his words of love to heart. “All of us together can’t fail!”
“Not that I can think of.” Joanna started to burst into tears. “He was the best guy and a wonderful friend. Who would do this?!”
“Ah, straight people.” Charlie chuckled. “Us gays are immune to straight superstitions.” Sam snorted at that. “Whatcha say, baby gay? You didn’t know that?”
“Do you Castiel Novak, take this man to be your lawfully wedded husband, to live together in matrimony, to love him, comfort him, honor and keep him, in sickness and in health, in sorrow and in joy, to have and to hold, from this day forward, as long as you both shall live?” Charlie asked again this time to Castiel as Castiel nodded.
Sarah was nauseous. She had been for a couple of weeks now. Sarah whimpered as she laid in the Den. John was out hunting as Sarah tried to sleep off her sickness but couldn’t. She...was pretty sure what was wrong and John...was sure too. She was pregnant. She had been eating a lot more. Gaining weight, as well as needing more affection more than usual. Now she was so sick in the mornings she couldn’t hunt for breakfast.
“Stop, I am way too sore for that kind of talk.” Dean laughed lightly shoving him away with his foot. “Fuck off.” Castiel chuckled as Dean downed some of the potions before helping himself to food. Castiel eyed him before standing and kissing his forehead.
“Thank you for your help.” Michael shook his hand right after, Benny then moved to open the door in respect.
“...I was murdered.” Castiel stated sucking in the air before turning to the man. “I was running this path in a late-night jog, I-I remember that. It was darker than I expected because it was later than I normally run. I-I went to turn on my phone light for some light and-”
“I-I love you too, Dean.” Castiel honestly didn’t understand, tears filled his eyes and Dean sighed. Understanding there was a culture thing, Dean was failing to grasp. Dean pulled the upset Castiel closer as Castiel immediately busted into tears.
“Why, thank you. I learned this on the TikToks.” Ash started feeling like a master chief. Castiel smiled as he went back to eat. Dean shook his head as he moved to take a seat. “The least I can do is make you guys some food for breaking in.”
“You’re just a person with a soul who deserves to be loved.” Charlie cupped her face with a soft touch. Jess seemed taken back eyeing Charlie’s dark blue and green dress that only made her hair pop more from the colors. “I will treat you the way you deserve to be treated.”
There was a makeshift bed on the floor, a toilet close by and a shower head in the corner near a drain in the floor. Dean threw himself against the door one last time, but all it did was cause him to collapse. Dean grunted in pain as he noticed how bloody the inside area of his Pajamas pants was.
,” Dean answered coldly yanking his wrist away. Chuck let go without much choice and watched him go without saying another word.
“You got yourself good.” The fae explained grabbing the bandages from the chest. “I need to remove the glass.”
“Always said I was meant to go out in a bang.” Ash beamed as he turned to Castiel opening his arms wide. “Cousin-in-law! Come here and lay one on me.” Castiel smiled putting down his drink to walked over to Ash. Dean unloaded the gun making an annoyed face and moved to turn away to put the gun back.
Dean kneeled holding out the lion to Adam who ran overtaking the lion into his arms. Dean ruffled his hair affectionately when the front door was kicked in with inhuman strength splintering the door into pieces. The three jumped as Dean forced Adam behind him in panic as a tall, muscular man walked through the opening door. His pointed ears gave him away instantly if it wasn’t apparent what he was. However, the beautifully detailed silver and gold armor he wore also spoke volumes to who he was and why he had come.
“I can pull it out if you like.” Dean teased as Castiel snorted moving to eat some fries before munching on the burger again. “Wow, you’re smiling.”
“It’s risker for an omega to be randomly in and out of heat,” Dean explained. “It would make you a target, if it’s me, I’ll be able to control it better and won’t have to deal with outside threats. Besides...if...if we do this...it will guarantee a pregnancy...a first-time pregnancy would be hard enough on you.” Dean was right. It could be very problematic if every alpha in a mile radius wanted him because he was in heat.
“Well, he didn’t kill me,” Chuck stated as he turned his head to the paramedics zipping up a body bag. “...Tell him you’ll have to try harder than that.” Chuck spat Dean’s blood from his mouth. “...I’ll be collecting the human boy. This joke of an arrangement is over.”
“After a bath, she went straight to sleep after I gave her a sippy cup,” Dean spoke. “I have her down in my room right now. Castiel won’t be back for a while so she can rest as long as she would like. Jo said you thought she would need seconds and I was coming back this way anyways so here.”
“Can you go get our things? I’ll cook dinner for us.” Castiel stated. Gabriel nodded moving outside, he noticed Dean and Sam had buried the father and child together. Sam was already starting on the grave for the mother and baby. Gabriel watched them sadly, Dean seemed lost in thought focused on the dead.
“I guess we are even…” Sam chuckled as Gabriel smiled softly. “...Thank you...even if it means touching me.” Gabriel eyed him, knowing Sam was referring to the knowledge Gabriel now knew. Sam was a product of a dog and a wild.
“Another question…who am I?” The Fae asked as the three brothers exchanged looks before the Fae softly passed out again letting go of Dean’s wrist.
“I am in town with my family and I have decided to stop by,” Castiel spoke opening up his suitcase, Castiel eyed them. “I will need someone to help as a personal assistant while I am working here. To help with my day to day.”
“Dean, I’m madly in love with you. Madly.” Castiel choked in tears. “I’m tired of hiding it. I want to grow old with you, Dean. I dream of it all, Dean and we can’t keep going if I am going to hide who I love.”
“Maybe find some kids in the neighborhood to come to the party?” Dean stated. He knew human kids were out of the question...but Demon kids. That wasn’t his expertise.
“You know what they say, another man’s trash and all-” Dean smirked as Castiel tossed his drink in his face.
Sam tensed when he heard horses pounding into the village, Sam grabbing for the shotgun. He scrambled to check the bullets seeing they were still good. He cocked it and pointed it towards the bedroom door.
“Thank you.”  Stevie beamed. “Would you mind getting photos of you getting dressed, so get in your white shirts and pants, when you’re ready just tell me and I’ll come in and take photos.”
Castiel laid his head on his chest closing his eyes before he paused feeling Dean leaning with him. Castiel held him tightly as he felt Dean and him free falling. Castiel squeezed his eyes shut opening them just when they went through the cement, Castiel’s eyes slid over the ground passing them. Castiel blinked taking in the views as they passed through the earth. Seeing bones and minerals passing through. The core was the most beautiful. Dean pushed them off their path straight down and turned them to fall a little off course.
“COME ON! THE PEPPER SPRAY WON’T HOLD HIM.” Dean yelled climbing over Sam already heading to the truck. Castiel ran towards the front door where Sam grabbed his ankle knocking him down. Castiel slammed into the ground as Sam pulled him back towards him. Castiel dodged the blows as Sam aimed for hits to the face.
“A murder?” Joanna sat up tears pouring from her eyes almost immediately bursting into tears. “God, no. He can’t be.”
“It’s going to be okay, Dean.” Castiel kissed him as Dean sighed tiredly looking away. “Come rest, my love. You will feel so much better.” Dean agreed to lay down on the bed as Castiel crawled in beside him rubbing his belly.
“Shame,” Sam stated. “...It’s really good seeing you.” Castiel looked down saying nothing, conflicted.
“Sam?” Gabriel called worried he would run into the wolves again, but he noticed a pale figure laying down deep in the cave. In human form. “Sam!” Gabriel bolted to the wolf, Sam was covered in gashes, bites, and blood. Sam coughed up blood as Gabriel transformed human next to him. Gabriel touched his face as tears slid down his face. Sam...wasn’t looking good. “Sam I-I’m so sorry, I shouldn’t have run away-”
“Um...no. My middle brother. The one between Sam and I. Adam...he...died with my parents.” Dean spoke. Dean never talked about his parents, let alone this brother.
“Absolutely not, I just want to be home too,” Castiel admitted pulling away from Dean to take a seat on the desk and helping himself to the snacks.
“I’m not trying to make you feel that way. Mental illness runs in our family. I always worry about it for the both of us...”  Gabriel stated. “I just...losing mom was hard on both of us, especially since you found-”
Castiel really enjoyed the quiet here, Castiel sipping on tea as he sat on the porch watching Dean chopping firewood. Dean was shirtless, sweat dripping off his chest. The air was cold but it was soothing in a way. Castiel’s eyes slid over the ocean which waves rolled along the shore. The village was beautiful, Castiel could make out the houses and homes that once held life. The smell of sea salt licked his tongue as the sunrise welcomed them over the sea. It was odd to believe this place no longer held life...it was odd to think there weren’t just people sleeping inside them.
“...I can think of a couple of things you can do.” Crowley whispered as he cupped the side of Benny’s face leaning down.
Castiel woke in the white room once again seeing Jack smiling at him. Jack laid in the bed looking down at his mommy as if he was waiting for mommy to wake up. Castiel smiled softly touching his soft cheeks.
Sam pushed through the front door of the mansion, tossing his bag onto the coat rack coming into the living room. Dean was on the couch balancing a cake slice on his rounded belly. Sam smiled at his...wow. It was weird to have a brother.
“They might actually kill me for humoring you or kill you for knowing,” Dean mumbled as Castiel stopped writing to look up annoyed. Dean heard his pen click in his obvious annoyance.
Dean kneeled placing the flowers at their feet. Castiel kneeled next to him doing the same. Dean pulling out some berries and other remnants of their breakfast into a small bowl at their feet. Dean bowed his head and began to speak. Castiel lowered his head with care respecting Dean and his religion.
Sam’s lips moved softly back against his in a soft and barely touching kiss, Gabriel should have pulled away. Should have stated that was a one time, friendship healing gig and that’s it. That’s what it was. Gabriel’s arms wrapped around his shoulder’s pulling him closer, Sam growled against the kiss. The alpha responding to the omega’s lust, moving on top of him. Gabriel let out a breathy moan just...allowing their lust to win over logic.
“No no, you are too close to giving birth to be running around.” Castiel stood as Dean gave him a look. “There is no way anyone knows that is us. I was carrying you, no one saw the crutch and I hid your pregnancy. The van could be any-”
“I have a friend I was with all night because I was out of town since Saturday. We shared a hotel for the event.” Benny stated. “His name was Alfie.”
“You have so much to learn, Baby gay. I, an more advanced gay, will teach you my ways.” Charlie beamed as Sam chuckled at that.
“If he was, we would have been dead a bit ago.” Castiel sighed walking towards the car. Gabriel and Sam exchanged looks before following after them.
“...Mom...Dad...I...I think I’m gay.” Dean spoke, John who was drinking some water spit water onto the windshield. Dean tensed as Mary went to speak when she felt...a harsh pain on her stomach.
“And they just left?” Castiel looked at him with such heartbreak as Dean finished the last bites of his meal before getting up.
. It was an overall dead bar, even on a Friday night he counted seven people inside and two of them were employees for sure. Castiel eyed the bar before deciding to just go in and ask before knocking on the wrong door.
Dean moved his cock to Castiel’s hole as Castiel opened his legs wider to him. Castiel never knew men could have sex, but...he trusted Dean so much. Dean pressed into him, Castiel whimpered at the touch. Dean kissed him softly comforting him as he adjusted to him. Dean was so tender with him.
“I-I had an upset stomach as a pup,” Gabriel confessed blowing it off and wiping his mouth. “I-I barely kept food down. I-It must just be sensitive again.”
Castiel watched Dean ride the horse beside the carriage, watching his hips move with the horse. Dean was a beautiful man, Castiel caught himself thinking that a lot. Yet, Dean never seemed to show romantic interest in anyone. Though servants and people from the village have shown interest. Dean always sent them away with an apology. Castiel understood why he himself had yet to start a family or mate...Dean, however, had no such reason himself for not seeking a mate. Even Sam himself had a mating lined up, Though they have not yet mated.
“Big yawn,” Castiel whispered as the baby pouted and whimpered. The smallest noise made Dean move to cradle him like everything made sense. Dean closed his eyes leaning to nuzzle into his son as Castiel kissed Dean’s head. “You did so well…it’s okay, I got you.” Dean felt himself passing out at the words laying back in Castiel’s arms as Castiel held him close.
When they broke the kiss, they panted against their lips holding him close. Both opening their eyes to glance at each other, eyeing each other. Dean swallowed as they continued to breathe against each other lips.
“...Is there any way I can break Gabriel’s mating promise?” Dean breathed in his ear as Castiel sniffed.
“We can go to the office.” Castiel started as Dean tensed with worry. “And I’ll relax while you try to do my job. I’ll judge this more then.”
Castiel started his day with his morning run, his light blue and black tracksuit lightly scratched together as he ran. Sweat dripping down his tanned skin, making his normal run starting at his front door, heading down to the park by the river bank. Castiel would run the easy bike path near the river bank and then back around to the end of the path that ended a couple of blocks from his house, where he would complete the circle and return to his house.
“-Mate who I want?” Sam added as Gabriel nodded softly. Sam pressed a kiss to Gabriel’s forehead. “Tonight, I want to mate the man who gave me so much happiness. I...never loved before Gabriel...but I’m so happy to say I am now. I love you, Gabe.” Gabriel closed his eyes to hug him.
your little toes.” Castiel tickled Jack, Jack squealed and screamed as he kicked and wiggled in his mother’s arms, before Castiel felt a small twig of discomfort touching his belly. Jack paused seeing his mother’s slight pain.
“N-...No.” Dean breathed as he sucked in air at the second finger. Castiel moved his legs wider with a small nudge making Dean obey the fae. Open and wide for him as Castiel took his time to prep the witch. Dean’s eyes glowing green with his growing pleasure. Dean rocking back onto his fingers till Castiel slowly pulled them out, Dean pouted. “C-Cas-”
“You know...You’re not my true mate.” Castiel stated. “You’ve known that all along and you know you are worth more than just being unloved...that’s why you never tried.” Crowley looked down tears in his eyes. “Crowley, you will find someone who was destined to be your mate, who will love you as much as I love Dean...but I won’t cheat on my mate and I won’t use you to be a scapegoat to hide Dean’s humanity. You deserve more than that...always…”
Sarah laid in the den as John slept across from her fast asleep, Sarah just watched him sleep till she got up moving to lay against him. John stirred as Sarah nuzzled into his warmth.
“When you’re wanted by everyone for what you can do...you don’t normally trust people...like this,” Dean confessed as Castiel eyed him. “...Have you?”
“We won’t let anything happen to him,” Michael spoke. “As soon as we are done, we will be on the road again-”
“Thanks, I figured you guys would be hungry,” Castiel stated as Dean used the water from the well outside to clean himself of their touch.
“Um...I think that’s your cue...Daddy.” Castiel patted Sam’s chest before walking over to greet Dean and the baby. Sam’s eyes widen at the word Daddy before quickly moving into the master bedroom towards the bathroom. Sam stared down at Gabriel throwing up and kneeled to him. Tears were in Gabriel’s eyes as Sam rubbed his back.
“I got more supplies and some other stuff we might need,” Dean stated as cleaned Castiel’s other wounds making sure they were okay before he pulled his hands back taking off his gloves.  “We need to ditch the car.”
Dean’s eyes opened slightly to feeling a cold touch to his forehead, Dean blinked softly up at Sam. Sam gave him a soft smile before he put the food down.
“A surprise.” Castiel smiled softly. “You and the kids will come with me to the private plane somewhere...nice.” Dean eyed him curiously.
“Mom...did you mean what you told me earlier?” Dean asked as Mary looked into the rearview mirror and smiled at him.
“Sam.” The leader spoke as Sam protectively placed himself between Gabriel and the pack. “I wondered where you ran off too...but now I see where you have been. Playing slave to angels.”
“Cas?” Adam spoke lighting up moving to the window as Dean glanced up at that. Moving to Adam he stared out to see Castiel riding down the main road to their house. Followed by four more fae men in the same armor on horses following. They were peacefully galloping, there weren’t any signs of a hurry. Had Castiel come to take him for the king?
“Come on.” John’s tail wagged as she continued to follow. When he finally got to the top, she wanted to collapse. She didn’t understand the need to come up this high. She sighed almost collapsing when she almost to the top.
“Now the ring exchange!” Charlie beamed. Castiel and Dean turned to the aisle seeing Colonel and Lucifer panting on a leash while Mary held them waiting to let them go.
“Prince Castiel!” The taller man laughed turning about-face to see him as the men continued to beat on Dean. “How lovely it is to finally see you face to face! Alastair. Pirate king.” Castiel tensed at the cold-smirking man. Castiel fell to Dean as they continued to beat him.
Castiel walked with Dean as Dean held his wrist helping him along. Castiel laughed when Dean stopped in front of a clothing store. Dean walked him in as Castiel looked at him confused.
“So you love birds ready for the big day?” Ash asked before he paused. “...There isn’t going to be ducks allowed, are there?”
“Yeah. Usually, he goes for a run to start his way. He’s kinda predictable.” Gabriel stated. “You don’t have a smoke on you, do you?” Michael shook his head no but Lucifer offered him smoke from his metal cigar holder. Gabriel took one, as Lucifer lit up a lighter for him. Gabriel breathed in the smoke with relief blowing it out. “He’s done the same thing since he was in high school.”
Castiel started his day with his morning run, his light blue and black tracksuit lightly scratched together as he ran. Sweat dripping down his tanned skin, making his normal run starting at his front door, heading down to the park by the river bank. Castiel would run the easy bike path near the river bank and then back around to the end of the path that ended a couple of blocks from his house, where he would complete the circle and return to his house.
“Yes,” Castiel spoke swallowing. “You said we were getting close to the next crystal clue. How far?”
“I used to be their house dog, you know?” John stated. “I used to sit by the fire, keep the farm safe and tend to the farm...but they decided they didn’t want me anymore. Lisa didn’t think they could afford me and the twins...thought I would be a problem.”
“No. Whatever relationship Dean and Savior had died with Benny. I owe you both nothing!” Castiel snapped.
“Okay,” Castiel spoke as he took a pillow and blanket to the couch setting up a bed for Dean. “Now go to sleep.”
Castiel moaned in happiness as he heated up the meal, he rubbed his face tiredly his eyes lovingly looking at his mate who at the same time as Sam took a bite while watching tv. Castiel moved to take a bite of his meal moving to plop down near Dean and Sam.
Castiel left love bite after love bite as Dean’s cock spilled precum onto his stroking hand. Sometimes needing to be left to Dean’s own hand, because Castiel would never let go of the one on his throat. His body screamed submission to the Fae as the little witch got closer and closer to his orgasm.
“Gabriel! Hold on!” Sam spoke cradling his injured arm as he climbed over the side of the carriage which was now the top. Sam was bleeding from his injuries and must have taken the brunt of the hit outside the carriage. Sam laid down on the side as mud slid down around them off the cliff.
“No...My baby will have to deal with humans and demons wanting it dead.” Castiel breathed holding himself.
“No...It is.” Castiel spoke as everyone turned. “...I’m done with this. I’m tired of living in fear.”
fast you can’t see them?” Castiel moved to Ben’s back pausing for a moment before grabbing something. Sam gasped seeing the most beautiful translucent wings that shined in the sun. Dean took a step forward in surprise, he didn’t see any wings. How were they invisible to the naked eye. “Humans can’t see the wings, they move too fast for the naked eye.”
“Thank you! I promise I will be good! I won’t be a problem! I can clean the gutters, small places, and I’ll even clean after myself and change Lilith! I-It would be like we aren’t even here-” Eve sobbed as Benny touched her hair with care. Crowley looked away in shame knowing this was a big decision he made in their relationship without them.
“Hey, we are here.” Dean breathed snapping Castiel out of his half-asleep daze. Castiel felt Dean take his hand and pull him off the bus when it stopped. Castiel allowed Dean to take the lead as he brought them to the city moving through the busy street without care.
“A ring is an unbroken circle, with ends that have been joined together, and it represents your union. It is a symbol of infinity and your infinite love. When you look at these rings on your hands, be reminded of this moment, your commitment, and the love you now feel for each other.” Charlie spoke as Dean moved to slide the ring on Castiel’s finger. “Dean as you place this ring on Castiel’s finger, please repeat after me. Castiel, I give you this ring as a symbol of my love with the pledge: to love you today, tomorrow, always, and forever.”
“That’s wonderful.” Castiel choked and worried Dean misinterpreted his comment. “I don’t like to party either, I just...believe we are being set up for a blind date.”
“Dean?” Castiel spoke as Dean backed away. “Dean-” Castiel reached for him but Dean bolted out the front door. “DEAN!” Castiel panicked following him sliding on his sandals.
“...No,” Crowley stated. “I haven’t seen the king yet to talk about this, but...the queen knows what’s going on. He’s putting down your sister.”
“You can’t suck me off that good and not fuck the daylights out of me.” Castiel whimpered needing as Dean eyed his face with a chuckle before he moved to press into him.
“No, Angels and Sacreds can’t catch human illness...but why ask?” Castiel asked as Dean looked towards the door.
“Thank you, Rowena,” Castiel spoke as she walked away. Castiel turned to Dean. “As my guest, you have free range of my home, but I ask you to blend in till we get you home. We don’t want you changing history and not be born or something.”
“Will you escort me?” Castiel asked fixing his mask as Dean slowly got up fixing himself up. Castiel gave himself a glance in the mirror fixing his hair before Dean held out an arm.
“W-Why should I? Y-You hate me! I’m a monster!” Dean whimpered as Castiel’s heart hurt at those words.
“They sure are taking their time out there this time.” Castiel teased as Dean chuckled sipping his tea.
Charlie couldn’t take her eyes off her companion, wearing a white button-up shirt and form-fitting slacks. Charlie breathed just making out the suit she wanted to rip her out of-I mean, what?
“Want to dance till we can’t walk anymore?” Castiel asked, Dean turned to him. “Then take half the buffet upstairs and eat till we get sick?”
“Sure...um...here.” Joanna started going through her phone. “This is the number for one of the guys he was with at the event. He will verify.” Michael took the number.
“You made me look like a professional model in a dollar store.” Charlie kissed her cheek. “Don’t be so modest.”
“No,” Dean admitted. “...But then again would it be so bad to disappear for a bit to explore the ocean blue?” Dean breathed as Castiel nodded. “Look, jellyfish.” Dean pointed down at their feet as Castiel held onto him looking down at the jellyfish under their feet swimming without ever noticing their presence as they walked the deep ocean.
“I hope he comes back soon so we can see the sun again,” Adam spoke as Dean turned to rub his face annoyed.
Castiel smiled nervously as he stared in the mirror, he knew people were already here for the ceremony. He had been trying to keep away from the windows, but you had to pass the house to get to the ceremony so he could hear excited voices. He was going to marry the love of his life. Castiel turned to help himself to some sweets when he screamed in fear seeing the twins standing behind him already eating cupcakes Castiel had in his room.
“There’s no need,” Dean reassured moving to get food for him. “You getting well is all we care about.”
“...So, will you be staying here…?” Gabriel asked as Castiel looked at him. “As Queen of the pirates?” Castiel was quiet as he rubbed his slight pouch of his baby, he...hadn’t thought past tomorrow and the fight. Saving Dean was his priority.
“How?” Dean asked him kissing his tears sorry he made Castiel so upset, he was just so angry at Castiel’s innocent ignorance.
Dean’s eyes glowed green as he flung items towards him. The Fae simply slid his hand up blocking the items with his arm. Dean turned to bolt towards the back of the cabin. Moving to the back door, the second he got to the door, a hand overhead kept the door closed with his strength. Dean turned in panic seeing the Fae in front of him glaring daggers. Grabbing the witch by the neck. Dean panicked, wiggling and struggling in the grip. This man was stronger than any they had brought before.
“Alright. Let’s go see my father.” Castiel spoke as he walked past Sam, Sam waited however for Dean to follow after the prince before he started to walk with them. Making sure they were close to whisper his annoyance in soft voices.
Castiel sat next to Dean while they relaxed against each other on the bus, Castiel admittedly lightly tapping his fingers on Dean’s inner palm. It was nice not worrying about the nasty heat, which seemed to bother everyone on the bus but them. Castiel resting his head on Dean’s shoulder.
“...That I haven’t done it sooner.” Castiel breathed, Dean looked taken back but didn’t hesitate to kiss him back when Castiel pulled him back into a hard kiss.
“When I came for your towel, I heard Dean asking a maid where the royal doctor was located,” Gabriel stated. “But you didn’t hear that from me.” Castiel paused at that. Was Dean sick? Castiel nodded hesitantly as he stared at Dean’s door.
Castiel reached for the drink with shaky hands before putting it to his busted lip. He drank the harsh liquid which made his omega body instantly reject it. Castiel pulled his face away to vomit on the floor, throwing up the liquid his body knew wasn’t safe for the baby. The men laughed loudly around him before Dean slammed his elbow back slamming one of the men holding him in the face. The pirate backed upholding a bloody nose as Dean twisted and tossed the pirate holding him. Dean moved to Castiel cupping his face.
Dean wrapped his arms around Castiel who scooped him up into his arms. Dean’s legs wrapped around his waist, Castiel pressed him into the wall. The kiss was hard and desperate. Dean’s fingers dug into his hair, feeling the messy black locks against his skin. Castiel broke the kiss to nip and kiss at his neck as Dean caught his breath. Fae’s skin and hair were so soft, Dean couldn’t help but touch. Dean closed his eyes when he felt Castiel’s large calloused hands slid under his shirt. Dean’s eyes glowed in lust as his magic moved Castiel’s head back so Dean could kiss him again.
“I seem to know what I am doing,” Castiel confessed slathering the pink pearlescent pigments over his fingers. Dean held his bedframe at this.
“I-I don’t know...the next crystal must be lost...I-I…” Michael looked around as Lucifer cursed as Castiel yelped in pain.
“Hello, Castiel.” The twins blinked as Castiel gave an innocent wave unable to speak for a moment. “Did we scare you?”
“Whoa, Whoa, hold the breaks, the kids-!” Dean sucked in air as Castiel cupped his face moving into the space opening his neck. Mouthing at the tasty flesh, Dean couldn’t help but moan.
“Who asked you?” Dean asked as Sam smirked. Dean turned going back to his potions. “...I’m thinking about moving. It’s not safe for a fae to know our location. I think it’s time we move on. It will be better for all of us.”
“No, Get in the car.” John and Mary spoke as Ash got the hint sliding into the car before they headed to the wedding.
“Dogs can NOT be like us!” Bobby snapped. “We are able to shapeshift! Think! Have culture, Speak all the languages!”
“M-Mr. King.” Eve spoke as they turned. “I-I wanted to tell you…” Eve paused scared as they looked at her. She was shaking. This...was the only way her sister had a chance. She was young and cute. They would make sure she would be okay...if she did this...one last sacrifice. “I-...I stole-”
“M-Michael.” Lucifer sat up as Michael cradled his chest as he might bust in pieces. Panting in pain as Lucifer cradled him.
“No one would have cared. This would have been...normal.” Dean shrugged. “Holding hands, and kissing it’s...normal.”
“As you wish.” Castiel nodded as he led them to the dining room. Another woman set up one place for her master to eat but paused at the company. “Joanna, can you please set another place, we have company.” She nodded walking away. Castiel ushered Dean to a seat, surprised when Dean sat next to him on the long table. Castiel didn’t comment though as Joanna placed the table for a second person.
“...He said he’s going to be born soon...I can feel he’s right. He said if he doesn’t get to Joshua before he’s born, then God will send him to be with his grandma.” Castiel breathed in tears as Michael touched him softly.
“I chose to fulfill the role asked of me,” Sam stated simply. “You said you would respect my choices.”
Dean touched Castiel’s lip slightly opening them with his thumb. Castiel looked up at him innocently as he opened his mouth for Dean. Dean shuddered as he moved forward a bit sliding his tip into Castiel’s mouth. Castiel made the most innocent noise as he got the hint moving his mouth over Dean’s cock.
They watched a documentary about the Cold War that followed after the news. Half an hour after it had started Alastair was starting to snore. Dean waited patiently for another fifteen minutes more, then he slipped out of the bed. His husband would be out cold for the next few hours at least, he knew.
The only other time he had been that furious was when he had witnessed a stranger abusing his dog. He had been out in the fields for his evening walk with Shoshanna when he had heard the noises of a dog whining and a man shouting somewhere nearby. Eventually, he had found a man beating his poor German Shepherd with a large stick and Castiel had been on him in a second, dragging him away from the dog and punching him in the stomach and in the face a few times. The man had surrendered immediately and when Castiel had turned away his gaze to look at the whining dog, the man had fled. Castiel had taken care of the bleeding creature, tended to his wounds and let him heal at his home. Eventually he had managed to find him a new home with one of his female friends from Uni who had always wanted a dog. He had never been able to forget that night, the cruelty of that stranger and his rage always flared up again at the thought of someone mistreating something they were supposed to love, something that belonged to them and was entitled to their protection and kindness.
“But, but nevertheless, Castiel, it was me who is to blame for what happened!” Dean insisted. “If I had simply rejected Adam like before he would have never ended up in the hospital. Do you know that his hand was broken in so many places that he’ll never be able to play the guitar again?”
They exchanged more wet, sloppy kisses while Alastair started to rut against Dean, simulating intercourse, and their breathing changed into something more heated and irregular, causing them to lose their rhythm, their mouths clashing against each other clumsily.
The footsteps came nearer again. Then there was a loud snarl as a fist was punched into wooden furniture somewhere nearby and Dean flinched helplessly. He held his breath as he listened to his husband’s laboured breathing from the corridor. He didn’t dare to move. He almost didn’t dare to breathe.
Once again it hurt and this time, Dean couldn’t fight back the tears. They spilled from his eyes and ran down his cheeks, collected on his chin until they finally dropped to the ground. He managed to find a tissue in his pocket and blew his nose, embarrassed - although nobody was there - but unable to stop the tears from falling.
“Yeah, you’re right of course, “Charlie admits, “but him simply being one makes the whole situation kinda worse for you.”
On Friday he went shopping with Charlie which turned out to be real fun. She was so easy-going and relaxed, they had a blast. They bought a ton of meat and five crates of different beers – he just hoped it was enough for everyone. He had invited about thirty people, everyone from his street plus his three colleagues from the practice, and most of them had agreed to come. He hadn’t heard back from the Christensens, though and he hadn’t seen them either. He tried not to be too disappointed.
But the very thought of going back home - going back to Alastair - filled him with an overwhelming terror that made his stomach churn and the bile rise in his throat. Chances were that Alastair would kill him for leaving even if he had decided to come back in the end.
For a second, he considered just waiting it out, because he was in no mood for a neighborly chit-chat with Mrs. Tran or Jodie Mills. Even Charlie would not be a welcome sight right now. He just wanted to stay alone this evening and he wouldn’t do anybody a favor trying to engage in an interesting conversation in this mood anyhow.
“Y-yes, Sir, I’ve heard you, “Dean stuttered, “I-I’m so sorry for what I’ve done to you. I won’t do it again.”
She turned towards him with a reproachful frown. “Well, I still don’t understand why you had to buy a house and get a job in a town so far away from home…?”
An angry growl emerged from deep within his throat as he pushed himself against the wall, pressing his head against it with sudden surprising force. He wanted to punch the wall. He wanted to punch someone until they bled. He wanted to smash Alastair’s face in until it was just a bloody pulp, until he was nothing anymore, nothing that could hurt or harm the beautiful person that was Dean. At the image of a crying, desperate Dean scrambling away from him with panic in his eyes, Castiel smashed his fist into the wall with a furious snarl. He punched and it felt good. Once, twice, thrice. Pain flared up in his hand and Castiel relished the feeling. He longed for the feeling, he wanted to drown in it, so he punched into the wall once again and this time it hurt so much, he gasped in surprise.
“Come here, beautiful, “he said and without further ado, he pushed his hands underneath the beaten body, murmuring his apologies. The dog whined pitifully but did not resist him. It wasn’t very heavy, but his ribs and wrist still protested after all those weeks and he settled the dog into his arms with difficulty, not caring about the blood and dirt staining his jacket and jeans.
“Of course.” She smiled a little sadly and waved her hand at the door. “Off you go then. Have fun and take care.”
Dean nodded dutifully. “Yes, Sir, “he croaked out and when Alastair jerked his chin towards the nightstand he reached for the glass with shaking hands, swallowing the water and the pills without spilling anything.
Keeping his eyes fixed on Dean, he made his way over to the fridge, opened the freezer, and took out two cold compresses, adding them to his pile of utilities in his arms. Slow in his movements, careful not to frighten Dean, Castiel sat back down on the couch, laying his stuff on the coffee table next to them.
Castiel continued to prod various points on his chest and stomach and Dean sometimes acknowledged the pain, sometimes he just shook his head.
“No, I mean it!” she exclaimed, her eyes ablaze with open frustration, and she took one quick step forward. “You are such a remarkable person, Dean. I’ve liked you from the start but know that I’ve known you for a few weeks I just know that you are exceptional.”
Nodding at himself in the mirror, he then decided to grab another cup of coffee so he headed downstairs. When he reached the end of the stairs, his eyes accidentally locked on a picture frame. They had a whole wall full of pictures there although both of them weren’t exactly close with their respective families, which was why there were mostly pictures of the two of them.
There was a middle-aged woman working at a desk in a transparent office with Plexiglas windows, obviously she was the secretary and she smiled at him as he knocked on the windows in unnecessary politeness.
“You tell me what you want. I can still go. Or we could talk. Which I would really like but I don’t want to pressure you. Please, you just say what happens next.” Castiel looked at Dean with open sincerity and he was indeed determined to leave the second Dean told him to.
“You know, ‘bro’, “he shouted into his brother’s ear, “just because I’m gay doesn’t mean I drink gay drinks. A beer would have been fine.”
After putting all the plates and cutlery into the dishwasher he started to wash the items too big for the dishwasher in the sink. He felt himself relax as he slowly moved his hands in the hot water, and he started to hum to himself as he worked. He heard the people outside talking as the door to the backyard was open, but they weren’t loud enough to understand and he enjoyed the quiet after talking so much the past few hours, he enjoyed being by himself.
“Dude, just take the compliment, would you? Seriously!” Charlie jumped up from the sofa and stared down at him with her eyebrows raised accusingly.
Dean smiled weakly as he wiped the tears from his face. “They’ve already tended to me. I told them I wanted to sit here, get some fresh air, and wait for you.”
Charlie chuckled and shook her head. “No, I’m sorry we don’t have something like that here. Shame.” Then she wrinkled her nose. “Well, actually there are these new guys who just moved into the house at the end of our street, I think maybe a month ago. But they didn’t introduce themselves like you, they didn’t bring any cookies.” She looks at Castiel with sudden overplayed indignation.
He had not forbidden her to do so. His anger had also died down very quickly. He truthfully admitted that he was disappointed that she didn’t tell him about her plans, but conceded that he probably would have gone right through the roof if she had told him from the beginning, which would have resulted in him forbidding her to contact Dean at all.
A tiny bark came from his right side, then another whine and Dean immediately started jogging down the path, eyes frantically searching the ground for the hurting animal. The whine became more frequent and louder and soon he could make out a bundle of black and light brown lying on the ground at the side of the road just a few meters away from him. His heart stopped in his chest and he quickly walked over to the dog and knelt down next to it
“Yeah, “Alastair said as he took Dean’s chin in his hand, turning his face so he could look at the bruised cheekbone with the cut from his ring in it. “You better call in sick tomorrow, this looks pretty bad. Your eye is going to swell even worse, it’s going to be a hell of a shiner.”
“Alastair? Is something wrong?” he asked slowly, swallowing as he was filled with an awful sense of dread.
Steeling himself for whatever was to come, Dean swallowed once more and walked the way over to his husband.
A glance at his throat told him what he already suspected. A large bruise in the form of two hands was starting to form there. It would be black and blue in the morning. He sighed as he realized that swallowing and drinking would be incredibly painful the next few days. Wearing a scarf would be no problem because it was cold outside and he would have no trouble justifying wearing one even indoors.
Charlie barely managed to keep him inside the house, pulling at his sleeves, trying to block the door with her small frame, begging him to keep cool until he finally saw reason and dropped down to the floor, burying his head in his lap in defeat.
She engaged him into a discussion about their patients and he was happy to oblige her, but his thoughts kept drifting back to his encounter with Dean and he had to will himself not to grin like an idiot while his colleague talked about the sad condition of one her feline patients.
Castiel refused to be bullied into submission and he raised his chin in obvious defiance. “I think I was, “he spat out coldly.
It had been a small ceremony with about fifty guests. Dean would have been content with a quick trip to city hall and a few drinks with their closest friends, but Alastair had insisted they had a ‘real’ wedding. One with a real ceremony with personal vows written by themselves, a three-tier wedding cake, white doves, the whole deal. Dean had been overwhelmed and also a little embarrassed by it all but then again, he didn’t want to disappoint his fiancée.
Stunned, Dean picked himself up from the floor. His whole body and face felt like they were on fire as he forced his protesting muscles to move. He held his stomach as he stood and he realized he couldn’t stand up straight, it just hurt too much.
“You think you can do whatever you want when I’m gone?! Flirt around with strangers as if you weren’t married?!”
Then the song ended, and the boys were followed by two teenage girls, playing a rocky version of “Hallelujah” with two e-guitars. Castiel listened absently but his eyes wandered over the heads of the people in the audience. And indeed, after a few seconds he was able to make out the unmistakable shock of Charlie’s red hair. She and Jo were sitting in one of the middle rows at the left side of the stage and Castiel could see their faces as they listened to the girls playing. Charlie seemed truly enthusiastic, nodding her head to the melody, a big smile on her lips, which of course made sense. Jo on the other hand seemed a little bored because she was staring at the phone in her lap. That was convenient. Castiel quickly got his phone back out and texted her.
His wounds healed slowly but nicely and the return to everyday life came soon. After another additional three weeks at home, Dean was finally able to return to work. His colleagues were grateful that he was back and didn’t ask why he was limping a little bit or why he looked tired and worn out.
“Alright, Charlie, I understand. Yes, it’s fine. Yes, I forgive you. Yes. Of course. Talk to you soon. Bye.”
“You like that, you slut?” the older man hissed into his ear. “You like being fucked like this, being used like this?”
“Come on, let’s sit down, “she gestured for him to follow her into an old-fashioned but cozy living room with a huge brown couch, huge shelves full of books and shaggy white carpets on the floor.
With a strength he didn’t know he possessed Dean forced his body to relax again as he swallowed and continued breathing.
He tried to listen to the performance playing at the moment but found he was unable to, so he eventually gave up, jumped out of his seat and dived for the exit, Shoshanna right behind him.
“Of course you will, dear, “his mother beamed, “you are such an endearing and lovely person – how can anyone not like you? I’m sure you’ll have a bunch of friends here in no time.”
Somehow, Castiel had managed to get home. He didn’t exactly remember how he had left the woods, reached his car and driven home but apparently, he had because now he found himself lying on his back on his couch, staring at the ceiling. Utter loneliness and despair were lurking somewhere in the pit of his stomach and he was probably on the verge of breaking down, but he felt numb somehow, too, as if his mind still couldn’t completely grasp what had happened today.
“Shut up, Meg, “he growled, and she sneered at him, raising her eyebrows playfully, but she left him in peace after that. Garth and Alec had already decided to get out of his hair a considerable time ago and at the end of that day, he walked home, angry and annoyed at himself. He didn’t want to get worked up by that arrogant bastard, it was ridiculous that he would allow him to get under his skin like that. But it had happened anyhow and now he had to find a way to gradually calm himself down and form a plan for what to do next, preferably before his colleagues decided that he was in no fit state to treat his patients.
It was soft and smooth and beautiful. With a single touch, it promised him the fruits of the earth if he only asked.
“I’m coming, “he called out, and he made his way back to the clinic, towards his eagerly waiting colleagues.
It was driving Castiel mad and he wanted to shake Dean, to make him understand that he was being insane. But he could see that Dean was slipping away from him and he still hadn’t achieved anything by way of getting him away from Alastair. He needed to do something!
Sometimes, he was overwhelmed with the intensity of his rage. Normally, he was a very calm and even-tempered person. Most of the times, he had been the one to push himself between two friends or siblings fighting, mediating between the quarrelling persons with soothing gestures and words, almost always succeeding in calming everybody down and eventually, making them apologize to each other and reconcile. Even when he was still living at his home as a teenager, he had had to step in between his older brothers, mostly it was Lucifer and Gabriel quarrelling or Michael and Gabriel and although he was younger than them, they had often let him intercede and reason with them. His father had always been proud of him for being such an influential, calming person and had often said he would make a good psychotherapist when he was older and had his medical degree.
Alastair studied him and he seemed doubtful. When Castiel didn’t do or say anything after all, he stepped back, and his face changed back into something else.
“Oh really? What a great addition to our small town. I bet Dr. Lindt’s really relieved to have finally found somebody to help her at the practice, there’s really much to do I believe, there are so many people living here who own pets.”
He groaned as he stumbled to the bathroom to relieve himself. Afterwards he quickly thought of taking a shower like always in the morning. But he didn’t feel like it and he wouldn’t be leaving the house today anyway, so he skipped it and made his way downwards in his PJs. The clock in his kitchen told him it was 8 am.
Slowly, he made his way to the door. A quick look outside the window told him, it was already dark outside.
He steadied himself with his arms against the floor and tried to calm himself down. It took him half an hour and a huge amount of willpower to finally get up off the floor. Dazed, he staggered into the bathroom and washed his face in an effort to revive himself. Staring at his reflection in the mirror, he could see the sadness and pain in his eyes, the grey color of his skin, and he quickly looked away, unwilling to face his pitiful state.
He swallowed, wishing he could say what he really felt but he was afraid that this would be too much for the younger man right now. That they would do more harm instead of something good. So he pressed his lips together and kept quiet.
Dean moaned at the sudden hard grip, but it didn’t feel bad, he had just been taken by surprise a little. His husband continued to knead and squeeze the soft warm flesh of his buttocks until Dean was practically melting underneath him.
Dean blushed and looked down. “So many questions at once. Are you really interested? I don’t think I could tell you anything exciting…”, he said quietly.
It reached the point where he thought that he could not do this, that he was unable to calm down, that he would launch into the panic attack he had managed to avoid before, and that Castiel would see then how he really was. He would see the whole pathetic mess that was Dean.
But before he could work himself up into a panic attack, Dean’s hand reached out underneath the covers and found his. Nervous fingers wrapped themselves around Castiel’s palm, a gesture that was obvious in its plea for comfort and connection.
“Shhh … I know, honey. I know, “she soothed as she held him in her arms, stroking his back, as he quietly cried into her shoulder. “Let it all out.”
But then his thoughts wandered off, and he found himself thinking of Dean yet again. Beautiful, mesmerizing, gentle, shy Dean. His neighbour with the incredible sea green eyes that seemed to haunt him even now although the last time he had looked at them had been from a point far away at the end of the hall ….
“I’m very sure that I didn’t, “Castiel replied grimly. His voice was almost a growl and he had to force himself to not spit out his words, lest he wanted to be charged with insulting an officer.
“Nah, “Castiel replied. “Some peace and quiet will do me good for now. But I promise, as soon as you two are gone, I’ll take a tour and introduce myself to the neighbours, get to know the people here. I’m sure I’ll find some new friends here.”
The redhead turned to a Castiel with an amused look and raised eyebrows. “Well, that’s a question for you, I guess.”
“Good morning, I’m Doctor Novak, “he said as he entered, his eyes still glued to the report he was scribbling on. “I treated the dog you brought in. It was a good thing you found him, you probably saved his….”
Nobody was waiting for him. Nobody waiting for him to come home to bed. For an embrace, a cuddle… A kiss…
The second lash came, and it hurt even more because it hit the same spot the one before had. Dean could feel his skin breaking and he forced himself not to bend forward and support himself on his arms. He was expected to kneel here, torso in a straight line, he could manage that.
But Castiel simply cupped his cheek and pulled his face back up, silencing him with another kiss and Dean let out a strangled sob as he wrapped his arms around the older man’s neck, pulling him closer against his chest as if he wanted them to melt together, to become one right this instant.
His mood lifted with every day he went to work to the point where he thought that he could get over the fact that he was unhappy. He thought of Castiel every day, every morning that he awoke, and every evening when he went to bed after having sex with Alastair. He had given up on trying to push Castiel out of his thoughts. Apparently, it was impossible.
Dean nodded quickly and picked up his fork at once. He started to eat, uncomfortably aware that Alastair was still observing him quietly, until he finally reached out for his own fork. He then started their stereo with the remote on the table and at once, the room was filled with the wistful sounds of Bach’s Violin Sonata No. 1, one of Alastair’s all-time favourites.
He sighed and watched a gust of wind whirled a heap of yellow-brown leaves up into the air, his eyes glazed over as an unexpected wave of nostalgia suddenly washed over him. Even though he had spent many hours in front of the fireplace quarreling with his arrogant father, causing the hair in the back of his neck to stand up with re-awakening fury, even after all this time, he still cherished the remembrance connected to that. No matter how many aggravating memories, the fireplace was still associated with a sense of home and security, because there were good memories too. It reminded him of his mother sitting in front of it, knitting him one of those dead-ugly sweaters that always made his skin itch. It reminded him of his younger innocent self, playing cards with his siblings, all of them together making an awful lot of noise. Howling and hooting in unison when Gabriel had been caught cheating for the umpteenth time. Their mother had always tried to shush them repeatedly, lest their father was getting impatient with them, but most of the time, she hadn’t been really successful.
Back in his days at university he would have dragged this man into his bed without asking questions. Although he had always preferred the more stable parameters of a relationship, he occasionally enjoyed the uncomplicated advantages of sharing a passionate one-night-stand with a stranger. Especially if he had gone without sex for a couple of months, he felt himself getting restless and this was an easy way of taking off the edge. Of course, it was extremely important to stay safe and only choose partners that were as reasonable and responsible as him. He had immensely enjoyed being conquered or doing his own conquering, it was fun, and it was easy-going – purely physical pleasures without the emotional complications of jealousy or responsibility.
“My ribs, “Dean said slowly as if he had considered not mentioning this. “I don’t think they’re broken, but they hurt whenever I breathe in.”
When Alastair joined him approximately eight minutes later, neatly dressed in impeccable black pants and a grey button-down shirt, wrapping the belt with his gun in the the holster around his waist, Dean had everything ready, just the way his husband asked of him: there was a thick omelette with cheese and tomatoes, well-cooked little sausages as well as a huge cup of strong black coffee. Normally, Alastair didn’t indulge himself like that on weekdays, limiting himself to toasts or yoghurt usually, but his mood for morning sex indicated that this morning was calling for something different and Dean had long ago learned to read his husband’s moods.
He took another deep breath as he turned towards the staircase. Slowly, he made his way upstairs, concentrating on breathing normally, trying not to hyperventilate. He mustn’t appear nervous or afraid, that would ruin his chances of explaining everything to Alastair in a convincing manner. He straightened himself up as he reached their bedroom, took another deep breath and entered.
After a few more weeks, he had reached another low end. He was coping fine at work but he was barely sleeping, and he had lost his appetite. He went to work and he cooked himself dinner when he came home but he ended up throwing half the meal away after eating whatever he had made mechanically, not tasting any flavors. He went to bed early but ended up staring at the ceiling for hours. When his mother who was worried about him, as well as  Anna and Gabriel, began nagging him with their concern, phoning him almost daily, he stopped answering the phone. They couldn’t help him, so why bother talking to them about his lovesickness.
But it was too late. Castiel was utterly alone and as he realized his mistake the scream finally left his lips. He screamed and screamed and there was pain and frustration, anger and sadness and concern and love and everything in that scream. It was all for Dean, but Dean couldn’t hear him.
That’s not what he wanted or needed right now. Or they could be boring, arrogant, vain, dumb, ugly … well, a lot of things actually and he knew that most people who tried online-dating went through quite a lot of unsuccessful, disappointing dates and many of them didn’t even end up with a suitable partner after all the trouble they went through. So it was probably no wonder he thought the whole thing would just end up a waste of his time and effort, going through that kind of circus, right?
His heart felt as if someone had pierced it with an ice pick. His muscles tensed as he tried to maintain a neutral expression. His hands curled into fists at his side and he suddenly had the overwhelming wish to punch something. No, not something. He wanted to punch someone, a certain someone, who was apparently just about to push his tongue into his husband’s mouth, a privilege he shouldn’t be allowed to have.
When Charlie told him that Dean was extending his sick leave for another three weeks Castiel freaked out again. There was no doubt about the reason for this: Alastair had hurt Dean again. Once again, he was on the verge of just going over there, barge inside, grab Dean by the wrist, and pull him outside and if that sick bastard tried to stop him he would beat him bloody, no matter the consequences. No matter that the man was a police officer. Nothing mattered, apart from the fact that he had to get Dean out of there. Now.
“Okay, Dean, you need to concentrate on breathing. You know the deal, in through your nose, out through your mouth, long deep breaths, come on!”
Castiel reached out and gently took Dean’s hands into his. They were dry and cold, and there was a bit of crusted blood but Castiel did not care. He arranged them so that Dean’s hands lay in Castiel’s on Dean’s knees. Slowly, steadily, he began stroking over the slightly trembling knuckles with his thumbs. To his relief, Dean allowed the touch and so they sat there in silence, breathing evenly together. After some time, Castiel could see and sense Dean slowly calming down, the tension in his shoulders gradually abating.
He nodded back in the same cool manner, then his eyes inadvertently flickered over to Dean who was staring at him with wide fearful eyes. Alastair then returned his attention back to Dean whose face quickly covered up his nervousness and changed into a warm smile.
So he decided to stop fretting and just cut the cord. He would cherish the memory of Castiel forever in his heart, the short times they had spent together. But he would stick to his decision and try to avoid meeting the other man. He would turn the other way if he happened to stumble into him in the supermarket or anywhere else. It wouldn’t be easy because Medford wasn’t that big of a town, but it wasn’t exactly tiny either, so there were ways to avoid each other.
Silence. There was only silence except for the quiet howl of the wind brushing through the trees. It was getting late now, dusk was approaching quickly.
He had to call work the next day to extend his sick leave, claiming his wrist had gotten worse. They weren’t happy but they couldn’t do anything. He texted Charlie to inform her as well and she tried to call him almost immediately but he refused to answer his phone. He was simply unable to deal with her at the moment.
He shook his head, not looking at her. “N-no, “he said quietly, “it’s nice of you to say that. B-but I have to tell you, that…. well, you know that I….uhm….”
It was probably a good decision because his body ached in so many places. His ribs were killing him and he had trouble breathing because of them. His wrist hurt and he couldn’t put any weight on it. His head was throbbing and it went only a little better after swallowing two pills of Tylenol. The pain only made his restlessness worse. He wanted to get up and grab a knife to cook something for his husband, or at least do some laundry - anything to distract him from the pain his body was suffering. But he couldn’t, so he resigned himself to his fate.
“I’m sorry, I couldn’t help myself. I had to contact you, I wanted to spend time with you so badly.”
“Well, then….” Castiel looked around wildly, desperately searching for the answer that would make Dean see reason. “Then we leave! We leave Medford and go somewhere far far away. He wouldn’t find us.”
He hiccuped as he slowly calmed down and he wondered what would happen if he just lay down here on the cold ground, doing nothing but waiting.
The only thing making him nervous was the lack of people he knew around here. Apart from Shoshanna, he was totally on his own. Back in Phoenix, he had left a boyfriend, Tim. It hadn’t been all too serious with the two of them, just a casual thing and both had been sorry but not heartbroken to leave the other one behind. Who knows, maybe he would find someone nice here in Medford, Oregon?
Automatically, Castiel’s hand intertwined with Dean’s and they both looked at the spot in the space between them, where their connected hands lay hidden underneath the sheets.
“Yes, I do, “Castiel looked into the other man’s eyes to prove his sincerity. “I love white wine. Would you drink a glass with me? That is, after you helped me with the dishes, if your offer still stands?”
He griped about the three-course dinner Dean had spent hours preparing, proclaiming it was not worth his time, although he devoured his cherry pie as if he hadn’t eaten in days. He drank glass after glass of red wine and he yelled at Dean when he told him that they were completely out of red wine.
On the way home he was once more lost in his thoughts. He barely registered Jodie Mills and her daughters greeting him a he passed them by on their way from school and only gave them a polite smile. He also nearly got run over by a man on a bike he didn’t see and was rewarded with angry curses thrown after him, so he apologized quickly and took off, trying to concentrate more on the environment, but failing as he was once again thinking of Dean.
At first, he didn’t see Alastair, which only added to the tension in Dean’s body. Guitar case strapped around his shoulder, Dean turned and let his eyes roam over the small crowd still scattered in front of the gym. He finally spotted his husband. He was standing a few meters away, his back to the other people. He seemed to be staring at the wheat field in front of him, frozen in a motionless posture. He appeared relaxed, standing there like that, with his hands in his pockets, but Dean knew that his husband was anything but relaxed. Even from behind Dean could tell that his husband was thinking about something. Something that made him brood and that was not exactly a good thing.
Dean’s eyes dropped to the floor, and he desperately shook his head, his face turning ashen. “You...no, I...I’m sorry I kissed you. I shouldn’t have done that. It was wrong. You only think that you like me but…”
Castiel couldn’t help but giggle excitedly after this short “conversation” with Dean. It had been short, and Dean’s answers had been short, too but what did that matter?
Dean obeyed and thankfully, his pupils reacted as they should. One pupil was a little bigger than the other though.
He took an angry step forward, but Alastair shook his head in warning, took a small step back and laid his hand demonstratively on the gun strapped to his hip inside its holster. The gesture was anything but subtle, the meaning was very clear. Inside the car, Shoshanna started to bark furiously.
He staggered out of the car, collapsing to the ground almost immediately. Tears were streaming down his face as the sobs were getting louder and his whole body shook with the sobbing, half-healed ribs aching with renewed force.
“But if I could really choose a race, I would go with a Bernese mountain dog. They are just beautiful with the log fur and their colour and they are very friendly too. Our neighbours next door, back in Salem, had one named King Louis and he was simply the best. We used to play and wrestle in our backyard when I was still a kid, I really thought of him as my friend.”
Alastair inevitably started noticing his descent into depression and Dean got very nervous when he became aware of his husband’s wary glance in his direction one evening when he did not hear Alastair addressing him, having drifted off once again. But he didn’t know how to change.
“Okay, dear, if you say so.” His mother smiled and kissed him on the cheek. She then went behind the back of the house to look at the huge backyard again. Gabriel winked at Castiel, patted his shoulder amicably and followed her. Castiel’s smile followed them too and his smile widened further as he watched his dog Shoshanna – a beautiful brown Labrador – shoot out of the house and jump at him. He knelt to pet the excited animal and buried his face in her soft fur, closing his eyes for a moment.
He didn’t know what would happen tomorrow. He had no idea if Dean would stay with him if Alastair would come and search for him. He had no idea if there was a chance that this was something that really could be happening between the two of them. He was completely and utterly clueless as to the prospects of their immediate future.
“Come Shoshanna. Let’s go to bed.” He tapped his knees and walked up the stairs to his bedroom, Shoshanna trailing behind him eagerly. He changed int his pyjamas, brushed his teeth and crawled under the covers wearily. Shoshanna laid herself next to him and he drew his hand through her soft fur, calming himself down. His eyes fluttered closed quickly, as he was weary from the past few hours and he fell into a restless slumber.
Frustrated with himself, he pushed hard at the pan in his grip and he hissed in pain when some of the hot oil spilt over and landed on his arm, burning him.
Dean took a deep breath and finally looked at Castiel, his green eyes piercing into him imploringly. “I-it’s hard for me, I …. sorry.” As soon as he had uttered that word again, he closed his eyes and shook his head, as if he were disappointed with himself.
He shifted so that he hovered directly over Dean again, his face in front of him, planting soft little kisses on his mouth and cheeks.
“Why on earth would you think you would get fat just from eating normal portions at one picnic?” he managed to ask at last.
He hadn’t been mad at Charlie. Not really. Not when she explained to him why she had decided to hire Dean as her guitar teacher. It was her plan to get to know him so she could wriggle her way into Dean and Alastair’s phones and maybe even into their house. They needed information, they needed proof for the domestic abuse and Dean wouldn’t give it to them of his own free will. So Charlie intended to earn his trust and then steal his phone any time convenient and get all the information from it as quickly as possible.
“Dean, wait, “he called, and Dean stopped, hand on the door knob. “Please don’t leave like this. Let’s meet soon so we can talk a little more. Would that be okay for you?”
“What else would you have done if I hadn’t been home? Would you have invited him inside, let him feel you up some more, maybe even let him fuck you? Would you?!”
“Uhm, here, let me help you with that, “Castiel said as he knelt down to collect the items that had dropped out of Dean’s basket. Dean followed him down instantly and said:
The girls looked at each other again. “Uhhhhh … interesting, “they squealed. “We have cats you know. Two of them.” They suddenly made chirping kissing noises with their mouths, apparently, they were calling for their pets. Promptly Castiel saw two cats enter the living room with expectant looks on their faces. They jumped up the couch right between Charlie and Jo and were at once petted which made them purr quite loudly. They were very beautiful Norwegians with long thick fur.
He scoffed, maybe a little too dramatically. “Oh, I’m sorry, Charlie, if I don’t appeal to you right now in this state. But you will understand that right at this moment I’m a little unable to keep my temper in check.” He took one step forward which she registered nervously. “Go on, tell me, “he said, trying to speak softer, slower. “Please.”
It seemed a good plan. Well, it seemed risky and stupid and far-fetched, but it was a plan and Castiel was eternally grateful that Charlie had taken it upon herself to make this plan. That she would go to such lengths for him – and for Dean – to invest so much of her own free time, to put herself in harm’s way – because who knew how Alastair would react if he ever caught her stealing from him? - it truly touched him. She did it because she was a good person and because she didn’t want Castiel to suffer anymore. This was her way of proving her friendship to him.
Dean had apparently just stored his guitar in its case and was about to sling it over his shoulder when the sound of Castiel’s voice made his head snap up and stare at him with wide eyes.
“What did you tell them?” he asked urgently as he took Dean’s shoulders, fixing him with an intense stare.
He snorted and looked away, towards the huge window with the beautiful view into Charlie and Jo’s huge garden. “I really don’t know why we’re talking about this now.”
One of these times had been when his father had yelled at him for making the decision to be a veterinarian instead of a ‘real’ doctor. They had screamed at each other in the winter garden of his luxurious parent’s house for hours until Castiel had eventually stormed off in rage, slamming the door behind him with such a force he had been sure it would fall out of its hinges. He had been furious afterwards for a long time, so furious indeed that he had driven his car into one of his neighbour’s parked car because he didn’t pay attention in his blinding anger. He had also smashed the living room in his brand-new apartment, throwing down all the awards and trophies he had won in his adolescence and of which his father had been proud of. But he couldn’t stand the sight of them, so he smashed them to the floor, ruining quite a lot of them in the process.
“Now, you’re intention was good at least, so you’ll get some bonus points for that, I guess.” Alastair turned back and now his eyes were looking at Dean coldly.
He reminded himself that Alastair was waiting for him upstairs, that he’d better hurry before his mood soured even further. But the mere thought of lying down next to his husband caused bile to rise up in his sore throat and he swallowed a few times to calm his stomach as well as his nerves.  He closed his eyes and counted to ten.
Dean’s breath hitched as he remembered the way Castiel had stared at them. The anguish on his face. The utter disbelief. Dean just wished he could have walked up to him, to take his hand and tell him it was okay. But how could he do anything with Alastair right there? He’d needed to get a hold of himself or everything would have been lost due to his stupidity. He should have been grateful that nothing had happened then. Besides, he had forced Castiel to promise him they wouldn’t contact each other anymore, how could he even think about going to him? What kind of a hypocrite was he?
He trailed off, seeing the disbelief growing in Dean’s wide eyes and he shook his head, smiling sadly. “I don’t want to overwhelm you, Dean, I’m sorry. I know it is a lot. But...I just need you to understand that this is not a game for me. I mean it when I say that I care about you. A lot. These past few weeks have been horrible for me. Seeing what he’s capable of...what he’s doing to you - regularly!... I-I was going crazy over the thought of you being alone with him again. I couldn’t sleep, I barely ate. I was hardly able to handle talking to other people because Dean, I was only ever thinking of you. “
A few moments later, Charlie came out of the gym, alone. There were still sounds coming out of the hall, so the performances were still on and she had left Jo inside to talk to him alone.
“I already told you, Lilith says you’re the best, she adores you, you know. And you live in the same street so it wouldn’t be too inconvenient for you to come here, right?”
If Dean had stayed, he would have protected him. He would have never left his side and always stayed with him to make sure that sick, cruel husband of his did not harm another hair on his beautiful head. If Alastair had dared to show up at his doorstep, intent on dragging Dean back home, he would have faced that arrogant bastard, and gladly. There was no knowing what he would have done to him, apart from the simple fact that he would have lost his temper in one way or another...
Castiel felt like a man drowning. Only the saccharine touch of Dean’s lips against his kept him alive and so he clung to him, fighting for his life. He raised his hands to take Dean’s face into both his hands, forcing himself to go slower.
“Yes! Yes!” Alastair came and as his body thrust upward one last time together with another forceful stroke of Dean’s erection, Dean came too. But then Alastair bit him and the wave of pleasure turned into something less pleasant, as the sudden pain in his throat overwhelmed Dean completely.
“I’m sorry, baby. I’m sorry this happened to you. My temper may have gotten the best of me. But you know how you always trigger me. You know that darling, don’t you?”
“Yeah, you’re right.” Castiel stood up and smiled again, this time more openly. “I’ve already all the food we need for dinner. Mom, will you help me with the lasagne? Gabe, you can make a salad.”
Stunned, Castiel remained standing next to his car, staring after the police car that had long since disappeared. He stood there, motionless, his body a rigid pillar attached to lightly trembling limbs. He opened his mouth as if to test his voice, but no sound came out.
He could do it like those people in the movies did. Just lie down in the bathtub and slit his wrists. It wouldn’t take long. Alastair would be out for a few hours, probably out at the shooting range half an hour away to vent his anger. He wouldn’t be back until it would be too late.
Dean tried to pull his hand back, but Cain didn’t let go and Dean’s breath hitched in his throat. “What are you doing?” he hissed as he quickly recovered from the shock, his head whipping towards their house in sudden panic.
So I said that this chapter would be from Castiel's POV, obviously, there was a change of plans. But the next one will definitely be Castiel's.
The images in his head were clear as day to him and it made his heart swell in helpless longing, so much that it was almost unbearable.
His mouth tightened in sudden anger. No, it would not be as easy as that. He was sure the memory of Dean would be hunting him day and night for a long time and he would just have to deal with it because there was no other way. There was the small possibility of another solution that maybe Charlie would be able to figure out. But he decided he would not put all his hopes into that small possibility. For now, he should really concentrate on his work and on his friends. Maybe he could fly over to Phoenix and go visit his family for a weekend. His mother would be overjoyed to see him, and he could seize the opportunity to see Gabriel, Anna and the others again. That would take him out of Medford, away from Dean, away from the faint hope of meeting the man he was not allowed to ever see again.
“You couldn’t have known that Alastair would overreact like that! You knew he was jealous, but you didn’t know he would go so far as to beat a man like that!”
His voice was low and aggressive and there was a fire inside his eyes that hadn’t been there before. He was dropping his mask right here in front of Castiel, apparently not bothering to hide his true self anymore. He was letting it all out.
His breath caught in his throat and his hands clenched into the bedsheets as he took in the cruel myriad of blooming bruises and scrapes written into Dean’s body. They were only starting to show and Castiel knew they would turn an ugly blue and purple within the next two days when the process of deoxygenation in the blood would have already started. It would hurt a lot, even more than it was hurting Dean now.
Dean couldn’t escape the pained wail that escaped his throat, but Alastair didn’t seem to hear it. He was already lost in physical pleasures and he was moaning and growling as he pounded into Dean, increasing his speed by the second. Dean’s breath was coming out in tiny, distressed puffs. This was going too fast for him and he desperately wanted to ask Alastair to slow down but he didn’t dare.
He sighed internally, realizing that he would have to give them some sort of explanation for what had just happened.
His good mood remained with him for the whole night even as he sat down for some paper work at his desk. He hummed to himself happily as he worked on his patients’ reports and the words just seemed to flow out from his fingers effortlessly.
“I just have a feeling, that’s all, “she said as she shrugged her shoulders. “Sometimes you seem … I don’t know. Sad. Lonely?”
Dean immediately opened his mouth in protest and Castiel quickly raised a hand. “Please don’t suggest sleeping on the couch. After what your body has been through, it needs a comfortable place to rest and the couch surely is not it. Please, Dean. You’ll sleep much better in it.”
Dean smiled again and he waited for the man to walk off but instead he took one more step towards him, his eyes raking up and down his body unashamedly and Dean couldn’t help but tense underneath the blatant scrutiny.
She reached him and he felt her soft hand on his shoulder, squeezing empathically. “I know, it must have been hard to see him again. I’m sorry, Castiel, truly.”
Then he fixed Dean with an amused, interested stare and Dean shifted uncomfortably underneath the piercing look.
Castiel smiled and couldn’t help but chuckle quietly. He saw Dean turning his head toward him, but he didn’t say anything. So they continued to work in silence.
“Are you okay?” Castiel asked worriedly as he gave Dean a quick once-over. He seemed to be fine apart from being startled.
“Hang on, buddy, “Dean said, swallowing down the unbidden lump in his throat, determination making him grip the wheel hard as he started the car. “I’ll get you to safety and you’ll be just fine, I promise.”
Castiel tried not to let his disappointment show on his face. “He’s going to have to stay here for a couple of hours, “he explained slowly, “we have to keep him under observation to see if he gets worse and see if he handles the medication well.”
His tone sounded sincere and when Dean dared a quick look up, he saw his husband smile at him. The knot in his stomach loosened a little and a breath he didn’t know he had been holding in left his body, as he returned the smile shyly.
“No, Castiel! I was selfish! I knew it was risky to go out with Adam and still I decided to lie to Alastair and go with Adam. Because I wanted to have a nice evening. Because I only thought of my own selfish desires and not my friend’s safety!”
Whoever was at the door was insistent though and a second, more urgent knock sounded from the front door. Shoshanna, who lay curled up at Castiel’s feet barked, jumped up, and looked at him with a curious, happy expression on her furry face. She wanted him to go see who was there.
He handed Dean the first cold compress. “Here, take this. You need to hold it to your cheek for at least twenty minutes, to minimize the swelling. It won’t be too cold, I hope.”
Hence, he usually bit down on his tongue and let Alastair do to him what he wanted to. It usually hurt, his body protesting against the physical strain after having been objected to the beating before. But at the same time, Alastair usually managed to make him feel good. He was intent on making it pleasurable for Dean too, kissing and licking him everywhere, taking control over his body the way he liked to, and Dean let him.
No, that wasn’t very likely. He would try to keep this as low-key as possible. He would try to avoid turning his colleagues’ attention to his private life at all costs. If anyone found out what had happened to Dean, it would raise a lot of questions, even if Dean covered up the truth. Alastair wouldn’t want any nosy neighbors of theirs to know about Dean’s current state too. They could come by with casseroles or flowers and that would be unacceptable.
There was still a lot to do. He looked at his watch again. He still had an hour until he had to leave for work. Good time to start another wash and hang up the one from before. Make good use of his time instead of dwelling in the past uselessly.
As his body was pushed against the bed Dean became aware of the sharp pain in his back after all. It felt like he was burning a little, but he was sure he could bear it, he was used to this kind of pain, he knew how to handle it. It would be hard for a couple of days, then the burn would lessen, and it would recede to a much weaker, throbbing sensation he could almost completely block out unless he forgot to do it.
He sighed and ran a hand through his damp hair. What a pathetic sight he was, wandering around in the fields outside just because he didn’t have anything interesting going on at home.
His first shift at the clinic was hard. He had tried to sleep as long as possible in the morning, but still, his body had trouble adjusting to the different timetable set and when there were nearly no patients in the first few hours, he ended up craving his bed, leading to him second-guessing his decision to take this job. But just when he thought he was going to fall asleep on his desk, his colleague taking care of the only patient until now, a Siamese cat with diarrhea, there was a call: a large English bulldog was brought in, having been attacked by another dog during the late-night walk in the park. The poor thing was bleeding heavily and Castiel operated on her for hours, barely saving her life in the end.
His mind raced. It was late in the evening, but there would be emergency hours for sick or hurt animals. There had to be an animal hospital somewhere nearby, Medford was a big town.
He waved a few more times until Gabriel and Irina disappeared around the corner with their passports in their hands. He sighed and turned around towards the airport’s exit. So this was it. No turning back now.
“Hm?” Dean’s eyes closed and he sighed in utter content, as Alastair’s fingers reached lower down his scalp rubbing at symmetrical points right above his ears.
He stopped himself, pressing the back of his hand against his mouth in quiet frustration. Taking a deep breath to sort himself out, he started anew.
“Good, “Alastair replied, grinning as he teasingly bit at his nipple once more, “then you’re well rested and open to some … physical activities, right?”
Castiel had to find out, but he couldn’t put any pressure on Dean now. He was in an incredibly vulnerable state and he had to assure him that he would be okay now.
But he didn’t say any more words. He wanted to give Dean some space and apparently the other man was ready to tell him something important about himself. Knowing that Dean was shy and had been scared away in the past by seemingly harmless comments he pressed his lips together in determination. Giving his friend a simple sign.
“No, it’s alright. I just cannot seem to get into it, “Dean said with a little shrug. “Are you hungry?”
He opened his laptop on the coffee table in front of him and opened Google. He typed “Dean Christensen Medford” and looked at the results. As he had hoped he found the website of the local music school which had listed a Dean Christensen as one of their employees. Guitar, bass and singing were listed as Dean’s subjects.
Suddenly, his phone on the coffee table beeped, indicating he had a message. At once, he scrambled up to grab it, for a moment thinking it could be Dean, telling him he had made a mistake, he hadn’t meant what he had said about never seeing each other again. But it wasn’t Dean, of course. It was Charlie.
Castiel snorted derisively. “Wait a second. Are you seriously threatening me right now? I could report you, you know?”
She took his hands into hers and opened her mouth to speak, hesitated, then closed it again as she nervously watched the expectant expression on his face.
Dean closed his eyes. A lump grew in his throat, but he swallowed it down. He really should have known.
Dean moaned softly as Castiel’s tongue brushed against his own, and his mouth opened even wider invitingly. His hands tentatively wandered to the lapels of Castiel’s coat, pulling him even closer and Castiel moaned as sudden heat pooled in his lower body, the intensity of it almost too much for him to bear. Overcome with all-consuming desire, he initiated another kiss, his tongue first running against the seams of those perfect, plush lips, then sliding in between them again hungrily. Dean whimpered when he licked into his mouth, the sinful sound sending sparks of electricity through his body, desperate arousal building fast within him.
He made his way down the street towards the first of his neighbours’ houses, Shoshanna plodding beside him happily. There were quite a few houses in the street where he lived, it seemed he had lucked out in buying a house in a good neighbourhood because all the houses looked really pretty with the colourful gardens and the good cars parked in the driveways.
He was still avoiding looking directly at Castiel, but eventually, after shifting nervously on his feet and looking behind him, his lips parted, and he met Castiel’s worried gaze.
He was just leaving the school, already drawing up plans in his mind to change into comfy slacks as soon as he got home and listen to some music with a good cup of coffee, maybe take a hot bath, when someone behind him called his name. He stopped and turned.
So Dean was on sick leave. He would go back to work in two weeks and everything would be back to normal by then.
Castiel was left behind in the silence. The night air was cold and moist, foreshadowing a rainy Sunday morning and overly careful drivers on the streets, should he decide to venture outside.
He suddenly felt the need to relieve his very aching bladder, so he went in search of the bathroom and luckily found it quickly. When he stepped out of the men’s rooms, he found himself face to face with a tall, dark-haired guy, blocking his way back to the dancefloor.
“This is not the biggest town, you know, “Dean began eventually. “If you and I met alone in public people could talk about us and well you know, there could be gossip.” He blushed again. Castiel thought that he probably also didn’t want Alastair to hear about said “gossip”, but he didn’t voice that. It seemed clear to him that Dean was interested in getting to know him, but he was afraid to make an open commitment. He had probably not told his husband that he was meeting Castiel today. He didn’t ask about that either. He didn’t want t frighten Dean away with too many questions, especially if the answers to those questions would seemingly reveal a lot of stuff Dean wasn’t ready to tell him yet.
What the hell, he could just go and talk to her for a few minutes, see what she was like in person. He could still decline her offer if she turned out to be too much of a lunatic.
Both women beamed as if had complimented them and not their cats and he felt he had made a significant step towards what could become a friendship with these women.
Dean concentrated on eating slowly, trying not to spill any sauce or wine on the white tablecloth. He was expected to demonstrate perfect table manners, and he knew he could do it if he only could stop his hands from shaking too much.
He walked through the blurry masses of cloud, engulfed in blurry nothingness, and tried to make sense of this world, so different from where he had come from.
“There are some kids at school bullying him. He’s a very sensitive child and they mock him for being so shy.”
As he approached the beginning of the path where they had agreed to meet, he noticed his heart beating faster again and his mouth felt a little dry. Dean was nowhere to be seen though. He looked at his watch and realized he was a little bit early. He sat down on a big stone, Shoshanna lying down next to him, and began to wait.
A few hours later he had unpacked the rest of his stuff, had given all his flowers some water and he had eaten. His homemade chocolate chip cookies were already finished and ready to be gifted to hungry neighbours. He put them in a nice basket and whistled with two fingers, one second later a happy Shoshanna stood right in front of him with a waggling tail. He put her on the leash and with the full basket under his arm they stepped outside.
It was Charlie and Jo, each carrying a bowl of food in their hands. They had promised to be early so they could help him getting everybody drinks and starting early conversations so it wouldn’t be too stiff.
“Oh yes, Dean, great, that was quick!” The woman’s voice grew excited and Dean was even more confused. She sounded overjoyed to hear from him. She must have him confused with somebody else, there could be no other explanation because he didn’t know her.
Castiel closed his eyes, trying to shut Dean’s voice out because he didn’t want to hear it. He didn’t want to lose Dean, he didn’t want them to stop seeing each other. He had barely managed to get by on the days that he didn’t have contact with him. How was he supposed to cut him out of his life know, knowing what he felt for him? There had to be another way, there had to be a solution for this.
He opened his eyes and took a deep breath. Very gently, he disentangled Castiel’s fingers from his arm, his heart pounding in his chest as he waited for Castiel to wake up. But Castiel slept on.
“That would be so great.” The kid named Jonathan was obviously very thankful and Castiel’s heart swelled at the open trust and appreciation displayed here right next to him.
When Castiel turned to him, Dean was once again tense, his head bent down as if he was scared to take a look at Castiel’s house. As if he weren’t allowed to do so, because that would suggest a kind of freedom he clearly wasn’t accustomed to.
Dean’s stomach lurched. “No! No, not at all, “he hurried to say, then he bit his lip as he realized how desperate that had come out. “I-I’ve said goodbye to everyone I needed to, “he added, more quietly. His eyes darted upwards and he shivered involuntarily as he met his husband’s curious glance.
“Yeah, it did. I’m sorry, too, I had a great time with you two. But I must say, I’m excited for Monday. I’m eager to get to know Dr. Lindt and our patients. It will be exciting for Shoshanna, too.” Castiel patted his beloved dog sitting right next to him. Shohanna licked his hand, her tail wagging.
He and Charlie hadn’t talked about Dean since that day where she had comforted him with that mountain of ice cream and a shoulder to cry on. He was glad they hadn’t, and he secretly hoped she would just forget about it. There wasn’t anything to be done about the situation with Dean and he didn’t want to get his hopes up just to have them crushed again because it couldn’t be helped after all.
“So I’m guessing you want to top?” Dean says with a breathless laugh, staring up at him with lust-blown eyes.
As Cas removes his hand, Dean reaches out and grabs it, reaching for his other one as well. The angel raises his head in surprise, hoping his friend isn’t about to reprimand him for being reckless with his grace.
situation that he never wanted to have to face again. When he opens them, Dean is right there, lifting his hands up to cup Castiel’s cheeks. His palms are warm and calloused, yet still soft and gentle as he raises Castiel’s head so their eyes meet.
Cas wraps his arms around Dean’s shoulders and Dean, sobered up from seeing Cas with the shifter and the drive home, hesitantly places his hands on Cas’ hips until they’re a mirror of what they were an hour and a half earlier. Cas, emboldened by Dean’s response, brushes his lips against the other man’s as he whispers between them.
“Just in case.” He said with a wink and Cas was just ready to leave. He was tired and ready for this marathon with his best friend.
The woman he sees is beautiful, no older than 30, with long locks of chocolate brown and pale skin. Her eyes, however, have a glint of red around the irises, making it obvious her soul has been corrupted in some supernatural way. In this case, it’s black magic. She peers at him with an evil glint, looking proud at having an angel at her mercy. Castiel feels a pressure he had been subconsciously aware of leave his throat and immediately opens his mouth.
Standing is an obstacle all on its own as well as walking the few feet to the mirror without tripping again. Steadying himself with both hands on the sink, Castiel looks up into his reflection. He can’t say he hasn’t looked better. The first thing he notices is all the bandages that he already knew were covering his skin where he knows there are deep gashes hiding underneath. Next is the bags under his eyes, the dark color contrasting with his sickly pale skin. His hair was a mess and he looked like he’d pass out again any second. Turning towards the stalls, he begins to make his way over to relieve himself, his heart aching along with his body at what it means. Before he can reach it, the door bangs open and Castiel looks over to see Dean with a frantic look in his eyes, scanning the room before they land on him. Breathing out a relieved sigh upon seeing Castiel, Dean makes his way further into the restroom.
,” the man says this with obvious quotations around the words, mocking Dean before continuing,”-until he gets you in bed and you leave him out to dry, only taking care of yourself. Or are
Dean echoed his moan as Cas moved his hands from his ass towards his back and up to his shoulders, encouraging the hunter to move further down his body. As Dean moved to kneel on the floor in front of the angel, Cas brought his hands to his own waist and began to lift his t-shirt. Dean reached out to stop him, taking his hands in his own and moving them to the side. He began to raise Cas’ shirt and stood up to do so, licking his lips at every inch of skin exposed.
The Winchester brothers were in danger and he didn’t want to waste time looking for alternate ways into the run-down warehouse. It was warded against everything but God himself so the likelihood of him finding an entrance that wasn’t protected by some spell or another was almost zero.
Cas looks up at Dean from where he sits, both of them flushed from the liquor and, from what little knowledge Cas has on the subject, lust.
“I’m making sure you’re okay,” Dean responds, essentially situating himself in Cas’ lap until he deems himself in a good position to make sure he’s okay.
Dean layed on the couch in the Dean Cave, dozing in and out of consciousness as he waited for Cas to return.
Castiel starts struggling with urgency, lucid enough to grasp what’s happening. Flashbacks of being restrained similar to now, in a white chair in heaven, both his vessel and true form exposed to Metatron’s blade, the metal slicing his skin open while the scribe drained his grace. It wasn’t a pleasant feeling then and it certainly isn’t now, being in a place that gives him no comfort, unable to speak or scream with the pressure being forced back onto his throat. Castiel thinks of his time as a human, thinks of all the pain he went through at having to do most of it alone. Having no control over others or being able to heal himself. Feeling things more acutely than he could’ve imagined. The pain of feeling abandoned by his closest friend, the man he saved. But then he came back. Dean
Cas’ blood pumps faster and looks at Dean, the way his lips are spit-slicked and red, his pupils so big you can only see a thin ring of green around them, and the way he takes each breath as if he’d just run a marathon. Distractedly, Cas tightens his grip on Dean’s wrists.
is the guy who takes,” Dean says, color still tinting his cheeks in the low light coming from the road.
Closing his eyes, Castiel leans in for a kiss. This one isn’t like the others they’ve shared tonight. It’s soft and sweet and gentle. Full of all the love they have flowing between them. Removing his hand from their cocks, Cas moves his arms around Dean, down his back and under his ass. Lifting him up in his arms, still kissing slowly, he backs Dean into the wall. As Dean’s arms and legs come up to wrap around his body, Castiel grabs his dick and positions it snuggly against Dean’s wet hole. He moves it back and forth a few times, groaning out his own moans against Dean’s lips, before slowly sinking into the hot, wet heat inside Dean’s body. Cas can feel every inch, Dean’s body giving way, second by second until he’s firmly situated completely inside his lover. Giving Dean a minute to adjust, Cas pulls away from the hunter’s lips, letting them both have a few seconds to breathe. When Dean starts rocking against him and grinding down on his cock, he begins to move.
They talk about the possible hunt Dean had found for them for the next day as the movie loads on the screen, opening his bag of Twizzlers and a bottle of beer. Once the ‘play’ button shows up, he hits it and the two men settle down for the next few hours.
Dean seems as if he’s about to say something deadly, from the murderous look in his eyes, but Cas just wants to go. He grabs Dean by the arm and begins pulling him towards the bathroom. The two of them walk in, Dean still with pent up rage and Cas with exasperation at getting caught in the middle of something that seems so ridiculous. He didn’t understand Gold Eyes and Dean’s conversation in the first place and he certainly doesn’t understand why Dean is so upset over it.
Cas, reassured by the response he’s getting from Dean, begins licking in earnest before thrusting his tongue in and out of Dean’s hole, letting spit dribble down his lips to slick the way. Dean begins to push back as Cas gets deeper, looking for something that Dean knows will be impossible to reach with his tongue until-
it was a trap. Nothing that power-hungry wanted money unless they were an amateur or had no idea what they were doing. This being
Turning back around, Dean sags against the wall, thrusting his ass back towards Cas in offering. Castiel’s lips turn up in a slight smile as he grinds his three fingers back into Dean, twisting his fingers until he feels the little nub and begins lightly rubbing it. With Dean secured again with his grace, the hunter is unable to move. He knows Dean will tell him if it’s too much so, with this knowledge, he takes a tendril of his grace and wraps it around his prostate, letting it pulse rhythmically as he continues to move his fingers.
Waking up is harder this time than it was before. Castiel fades in and out, unable to stay conscious for more than a few seconds at a time. He suddenly feels a hand on his cheek, warm and calloused. Words are being murmured in his ear as he becomes aware that he’s being held, the steady rise and fall of his body letting him know that whoever it is isn’t straining themselves. Turning his head into the firm chest, Castiel lets himself drift back into a dreamless sleep.
Instead, the hunter lifts Cas’ hands back to his face, situating himself more firmly in his lap and leaning down until their foreheads touch. Barely breathing, Cas closes his eyes, cataloguing the sensation of being so close to a man that holds a special piece of his heart.
Cas moaned at the feeling of the man he loved worshipping his skin in a way that lit a fire in his lower stomach. Tilting his head for better access, Cas moved his hands from Dean’s face, running them up and down his sides for a few seconds before moving on to his thighs that still bracketed Cas’ own. Moving them back, Cas cupped Dean’s ass through his jeans as Dean continued to lavish his neck with kisses, sucking the skin until it began to turn red and purple.
Castiel raises his head in surprise, turning to look at Dean as understanding colors his expression.
? What’s that supposed to mean?” Dean says as he stared back down at the box of Trojans he’s holding along with a small bottle of Astroglide.
His head lolling to the side, Castiel’s eyes begin to close again but he tries to hold out, hoping his friends have found a way to get out, to free themselves and come searching for the angel. He vaguely hears the witch start speaking in Latin, the words not comprehensible because of his injured state. She takes his chin in hand again, tilting it forward and up, exposing his neck to the tip of his blade.
“And there might be a case,” Dean continues, scanning the crowd for whatever may be hiding among the sea of bodies dancing to the music.
Dean freezes, his moans silencing as he comprehends the words that came out of Cas’ mouth. Slowly, he tries to turn around and Cas lets him, temporarily releasing him from his grace’s hold so he can look into Cas’ eyes.
Dean takes a sharp breath after he realizes what he said, Cas staying silent in front of him as he continues pulling out their snacks.
After looking at himself in the mirror for about five minutes, Cas starts to head out the bathroom door. Right as he opens it, Gold Eyes stands in front of him, staring at him hungrily.
A drop from his drink slides slowly from Dean’s lips as Cas watches, going down his chin before Dean licks it up. Cas swallows and looks away, blushing in the low light of the room coming off the TV.
“No, shit,” Dean replies with a laugh before it turns into another moan as Cas begins pushing a finger into his hole, slick with spit from when he was eating Dean out. He pumps in and out three times before adding another finger. Dean begins to push back again so Cas has to tap back into his grace to hold him still.
really meant. He loved him. Of course, he did. It was Dean. The human who had saved him countless times, who taught him what love was. So, yeah, maybe Castiel wanted to feel that again; wanted to have a chance to love and be loved. But he can do that as an angel. He doesn’t want to be human. Maybe he will one day, but not right now.
Dean tackles his lips in a desperate kiss, forcing them to part and licking across his teeth. Cas sucks in a breath through his nose at the spike of arousal he feels at just a kiss. Their
Dean doesn’t take his eyes off Cas’ as he slowly reaches between them. As if asking permission, he edges his hand closer to Cas’ belt until Cas slightly nods his head. Dean doesn’t waste time undoing his buckle and urging Cas to lift his hips to slide his pants down and off, throwing them in the general direction his shirt went. Dean removes his own shirt, just a plain black T-shirt similar to the white one Cas had on, and sends it to join the other items of clothing. Dean then removes Cas’ underwear and socks, never looking away from the man’s ocean colored eyes as he does so.
Dean feels relief swell in his chest once Cas finishes talking and puts the condoms and lube back in the bag and takes the rest of the snacks out of it.
“I mean, I could see why you would want to tap that, kid, but you obviously couldn’t take care of his needs like a real man,” Gold Eyes says, and Cas is tired of not understanding what he’s talking about with “tops” and “bottoms” and he doesn’t care anymore. At least not right now while Dean is about to get in a bar fight in the middle of a crowd.
“I’ve been better,” Castiel responds, turning away so Dean can’t scan him any further. He feels helpless. Like a baby kitten that’s been out on the street, alone, without food. Losing his grace feels different this time. It’s not a good feeling.
“Dean, what are you doing?” Cas has to actively make his heartbeat stay calm as Dean begins to climb into the chair with him.
Cas walked to the automatic doors and heard a laugh behind him followed by the same man’s voice, yelling, “Go get ‘em, Tiger!”
Their lips crash together in a completely unexpected way. When Cas had imagined them together, he thought of harsh kisses from the hardened hunter who never let people in. Who was too afraid to let someone hold him together. Their kiss was slow and languid, fueled by the love and passion flowing between the two.
down his spine, his arousal spiking at the feeling of Cas’ power rushing through him in such a dirty way.
“Thank God. Okay. Let’s go home. No need to stay here any longer than we have to,” Dean says, before pulling out of the hug and tugging Cas by the arm back towards the parking lot.
He wakes with a shout, drenched in sweat as he sits up quickly. Taking deep breaths to calm down from whatever nightmares had plagued his mind, Castiel looks around the room he’s in. It’s his room. The one he had gotten when he had been human a few years ago. After he became an angel again, even though there was no need for it, the small bedroom was a place he could escape to when he needed to clear his head- whether that be after a hunt, an argument with Dean, or anything else that might pop up.
Thinking about that response, the angel experimentally taps into some of his grace, holding the man firmly and unable to move.
When he walks in, Cas drops the bags on him when he lifts his head up. Grumbling to himself, Dean sits up and starts rifling through the snacks.
He pushes Cas to the side and out of the way, stalking up quickly to Gold Eyes and standing nose to nose with the man.
“What?” He responded, his cheeks beginning to darken at the picture his mind came up with at that thought.
He looks down between the two of them before looking back at Dean, whispering in the same tone Dean had before. “Yes,” he says, reaching up to cup Dean’s face with one hand, searching for some of the grace he still has flowing through his veins and draining the cloudiness Dean certainly feels from the beer.
The next few minutes are spent like that, sharing each other’s breath and gazing into the other’s eyes. It was what Castiel had hoped to have but never expected he’d get. A few minutes with the man he loved felt like forever and a second all at once. It was
Dean shakes above him, moaning loudly now into the large space of the garage, his voice echoing off the walls and around Cas’ head. Cas begins to hum, knowing Dean will feel the vibrations.
They sit there for a few more minutes before the tears stop and Dean slowly gets to his feet. Looking up, Castiel sees Dean holding a hand out for him and he grabs it, standing up before Dean lets go of his hand and points toward the stall. Walking in and relieving himself, Castiel keeps his mind blank, not thinking of anything particular before walking out and washing his hands. Turning back to Dean, he sees his hand stretched out again and grabs it, being tugged back to his room by the man who’s almost always been there for him. Dean pushes him back into the bed and under the covers and, seeing the desperation in Castiel’s eyes at obviously not wanting to be alone, crawls under the comforter with him. Castiel curls up next to him and Dean wraps both arms gently around his bruised and gauze wrapped body. Together, they fall asleep to each other’s breathing, eyes red-rimmed and exhausted.
Castiel thrusts in as hard as he can, pulling Dean down on his cock as his grace pulses around his prostate. Cas comes with a shout, eyes closing and seeing white. Dean goes over the edge shortly after, cock untouched, screaming with the intensity of his orgasm and the amount of sensation surrounding him. Together, they drop to the floor, Cas pulling out of Dean and snuggling up to him, leaning in for a soft kiss.
His grip in Dean’s hair tightens, and there’s a split second where everything goes white. His orgasm rushes through him as Dean continues to deepthroat him, swallowing around him and holding himself at the base of Cas’ dick. Cas opens his eyes as he continues to come, looking down at Dean and into his eyes, so full of love and lust, and watches them flutter shut in pleasure.
The voice in his head made him shiver, feeling the oily thoughts against his grace. There was a short pause in the prayer as Castiel had sat wide-eyed, staring off into space as he waited with bated breath at what the next words would be.
Slowly rising off with a pop, Cas raises his eyes to Dean’s. They’re barely open. He’s breathing heavily with restraint and from not being able to thrust into the angel’s mouth. When he notices Cas has moved away, they open back up completely, with awe and wonder about what’ll happen next.
“You aren’t the only one with a surprise,” he says, reaching up and grabbing the shifter by the neck, slamming him into the wall he previously had Cas up against. Cas lets his eyes flash with his grace.
Dean hasn’t stopped moaning and cussing for the past five minutes. The words he gets out are hardly understandable and by the time Cas pulls out, he’s shaking. Standing up, Castiel reaches out to Dean and turns him around. Looking into the eyes of the man he loves, he takes the lube and warms some up in his right hand. Seeing Dean’s almost purple dick, he reaches out his lube covered hand and wraps it around both of them, slowly stroking them together, up and down. Looking back up to Dean’s face, he begins counting freckles as his hand moves. Dean’s still breathing heavy and they’re sharing air, leaning their foreheads together to look down between them.
“I love you, too,” he says before pinning Dean’s hips back against the wall and sinking his lips over Dean’s cock. It tastes different than he expected. Warm, salty, but also earthy and masculine, similar to how Dean usually smells but multiplied by a thousand. Cas is already addicted.
As Castiel stumbles into the bar behind Dean, he wonders why the man had thought it was a good idea to come
Suddenly, Gold Eyes rushes up to him, pushing him against the wall next to the door. Cas, caught by surprise yet again, lets him until the man is less than an inch away from him. Opening his eyes, Cas notices again how strange the man’s eyes are as he looks at them up close. Then he realizes what he’s looking at.
“Dean, wait,” Castiel calls, suddenly extremely anxious at the question he wants to ask. He almost just lets Dean go, almost makes an excuse or tell him thank you or ask what happened. But he has to know.
He knows enough about sex from all the information he holds now to know what to do. Removing his clothes with a thought, Cas lets go of Dean’s wrists. Kissing him back against the wall, he moves his hands to the hunter’s waist, lifting his shirt, and instead of breaking the kiss to take it off, he rips it right down the middle. Dean moans as he feels the tattered remains of his shirt fall away from his skin, licking further into Cas’ mouth and sliding his hands down to squeeze the angel’s,
Looking back, he should’ve been much more cautious with his plan. When he had gotten a prayer from that witch with evil, twisted thoughts, and a lust for power, the angel should have thought about why it was asking for money rather than something more supernatural, more meaningful. He should have
“What do you mean, ‘gives and takes’,” Cas continues, and Dean can hear the air quotes the angel puts around his words.
They sit in silence for the rest of the drive until Dean pulls Baby into the Bunker’s garage, both getting out at the same time. As Dean turns to the door, Cas calls out to him. Dean turns around with a questioning look as Cas walks closer to the hunter. He walks until they’re a foot away. And then he steps even closer until they’re sharing the same breath, just like on the dance floor.
Castiel closes his eyes, hoping that the answer he gets is in the negative. Or that he’s just asleep and dreaming of this horrible,
“How’re you doing, Cas,” Dean says, leaning against the wall across from him. His brow creases with worry as he looks Castiel up and down, checking for any signs of discomfort or pain.
Turning around, Cas looks at what Dean’s holding as Dean is still processing what exactly is in his hands.
With a victorious grin on her face as she continues to speak, the witch presses down on the side of his neck. She moves the blade slowly, cutting a clean gash from left to right, blood trickling out at a faster rate the more she slices. Reaching the climax of her incantation, the witch yells out the final word as Castiel watches his grace leave his body,
As Cas put the card Dean had given him into the reader, the clerk stuffed something into one of the three snack bags he had.
The two stare at each other and Cas loses track of time. Eventually, a waitress in a short little uniform breezes past them, asking if they need their drafts refilled and snapping the men out of whatever spell was cast upon them. Dean coughs before turning away, focusing back on his task of crowd searching.
Him and Dean were planning a relaxing night in after getting back from their most recent job. It had been bloody and gross, with a shapeshifter who went on a killing spree, murdering a total of eleven people before he was put down. Two of them had been children probably no older than ten.
He moans, moving his arms and attempting to get them free. When he realizes he can’t, he looks into Cas’ eyes.
Castiel stared at the items in front of him, trying to find the right kind of candy Dean had asked for. Looking at his list, he found the red Twizzlers and placed it in the basket, heading to the next isle in search of the beer.
good at making you come. I’ll admit, his ass looks delicious, but I think I can make it better for you. Tops don’t know what they’re missing until they get a nice, big cock thrust into them,” he says with a sly smile, his eyes flickering behind Cas before focusing once more on him.
Gently, Cas urges Dean to turn around. The hunter sucks in a breath, hardly believing what he thinks is about to happen. When he feels a hot lick across his puckered hole, he knows he was right.
“Well, well. If it isn’t the Winchester’s pet angel,” he hears a woman's voice, evil with malice, “I was wondering how long it would take you to get here. An hour is cutting it a little close, don’t you think?”
Castiel stares up at her, eyes wide and unblinking, trying to comprehend everything she’s spouting off. It seems impossible. He’s almost positive that it
The first thing Castiel was aware of was his lack of sight. He couldn’t see. Why couldn’t he see? Was he in a dream? No, angels don’t dream. For a split second, Castiel begins to panic, thinking he’s back in the empty. Trying to bring his hands up to rub his eyes, he realizes he can’t. He can’t move, can’t see, and when he tries to shout, he’s unable to make a sound. Then he remembers.
