Dean feels his face heat up. “Shut up, bitch.”
“What the…” Dean manages before the light dims again, dies away and the glow in Castiel’s eyes flickers and fades. Cas just breathes a deep sigh and stares down at his hands like they are brand new.
Eventually the box is empty. They probably should clean up the mess they made of the shooting range before Sam comes back but for now Dean decides it can wait. He smiles brightly at Cas again.
Sam’s smile turns into a mischievous grin all of the sudden. “What, like a double date?”
and finally Dean thinks he’s ready to do just that.
As for Cas; he’s certainly not been with anyone since becoming human once again. If Dean has any say in the matter Cas won’t ever be with anyone who isn’t Dean either. This is it.
By then Sam has apparently collected himself enough to come over and join them. He gathers Cas in a hug of his own. Dean hears him say “Welcome back, buddy.” And then quieter, almost too low for Dean to hear “Thank you.” as he squeezes Cas a little bit tighter before letting him go.
Dean knew why but it didn’t stop Cas from whispering it now into the space where their breaths mingled and their lips had touched moments ago. “If every other Castiel kept following orders than it was because they never fell in love with you. It has always been us.”
“I did things that are unforgivable.” He tried not to think about the moment he pulled a gun on his own brother. “All because I thought it would finally set me free. And all the while I was just a puppet. Chuck pulled the stings and I danced. All I ever did was following his damn script.”
“Then why are you here?”
And finally he can see Jack fold under what he said, or maybe even the things he didn’t say but that Jack could read on his face and in his mind.
“Yes. Move.”
When Cas leaned down to press his lips to Dean’s neck and shoulders their cocks slid together and Dean dug his fingers deep into Castiel’s shoulders at the sensation. Cas was just as hard as him and they kept pressing and pushing against each other, mouths and hands slipping over naked skin.
Dean’s not sure whether he wants to laugh or scream as his emotions do another 180° in the course of a few seconds.
He feels Cas slipping a gentle hand between his back and the wooden post, and then the both alien and familiar sensation of Castiel’s grace running through him, soothing, healing. Cas curls his other hand around his shoulder, wordlessly beckoning him to lean forward, to follow Cas.
Dean shrugs uncommitted but Cas doesn’t seem to want to let it slide so easily.
“Come on, you want my soul, I wanna sell my soul. This should not be this difficult.”
“Impressive light show. Now tell me, who are you really?”
When he stands in front of Cas again he opens the lid of the box and presents its contents to Cas. “I’ve been itching to give these bad boys a go, actually, but Sam wouldn’t let me.” He picks one of the throwing stars out of the box and holds it out for Castiel. “Come on, try it.”
“Hey, Cas. That really you?”, Dean slurs.
It would feel unreal, but every rise and fall of Dean’s chest reminds Cas that the past few hours really happened.
It felt strange, it burned, and Dean reveled in the imperfection, the sharp realness, of it.
“No.”, Cas is quick to assure Jack, “It is perfect.” And he truly means it.
“What about love?” Dean tries for casual and is pretty sure he misses the mark even more spectacularly then earlier with the Frisbee throwing star.
Dean realizes his mistake too late. The fun and laughter of before have lulled him into a false sense of ease. Dean’s done this sort of thing before of course. Teaching some less experienced hunters a few tricks, in some cases even showing civilians how to defend themselves against the monster that’s after them if he couldn’t be sure he and Sam would be able to guard them the whole time; and yes, he’s also picked up a few one-night-stands that way, playing the cool FBI agent who lets the curious girl have a go at his gun even if it’s completely against protocol.
“He’s been human before.” Sam argues.
“What? Why?”
The title of this fic is based on the following poem of John Mark Green. It just instantly made me think of Destiel and feel all the feels.
The crossroad demon started walking away. Dean had offered her his soul in exchange for Sam’s life and 5 years till she could come collect and it still wasn’t enough. He’d boldly said it would be his last offer but still she had declined and was now about to leave. He couldn’t let that happen. He would give her whatever she wanted if only it would bring back Sam. He turned around to call out to her.
Next to him Sam is typing on his phone with a fond smile on his face. He’s been at it for the past hour at least. First he texted all their closest friends to let them know that they had done it and that the world would not be ending soon, but by now, Dean’s sure, it’s just Eileen who Sam is writing back and forth with. Dean wouldn’t be surprised if Eileen came back to the bunker soon to see where she and Sam stand now that Chuck isn’t around to manipulate their feelings for his own amusement. Dean already has a pretty solid idea of how that will go and he’s happy for Sam even if it means that there will probably be more hunts in the future that Sam will go on with Eileen instead of him.
Dean looks at the stretch of road where the highway leads into the unknown darkness beyond. The night is calm and the stars are bright overhead. A deep silence lies across the land that Dean would find peaceful on any other occasion but that sets him on edge right now.
“Yes, and you were gone and I had to deal with the fact that it was entirely my fault; while also trying to figure out what it was you were telling me.”
“What, before you up and left me?” Dean regrets the words as soon as they leave his mouth. It’s like it always been, whenever Dean feels too raw and vulnerable he will eventually fall back on frustration and anger. And the truth is that underneath all the hurt and grief Dean
Dean closes the distance between himself and Cas. Part of him wants to be suspicious about this, wants to look at this logically but Dean just can’t bring himself to doubt it, if it isn’t real it will probably kill him all over again. So he just accepts it, wraps Cas in a tight hug, turning his face into his dark hair and just breathes him in. Dean feels Cas relax into the hug, his arms coming up to encircle Dean in turn. When his fingers brush over the spot where the nail had impaled Dean only a few moments ago, Dean can’t help a small shiver. But it’s okay now. Everything is okay.
And it really is. Dean’s had all his life to come to terms with the weaknesses and strengths of his body but to Cas this new human form must feel horribly squishy and vulnerable. And Dean and Sam probably haven’t inspired too much confidence in how well the human body holds together either, not with the way Cas had to fix them with his grace on a regular basis. And those days are over now, too. Cas saving Dean last week was the last miracle they would ever get. From now on the three of them are all just very squishy humans, who, for all intense and purposes, could die by taking a tumble down the stairs one day. The thought sits heavy in Dean’s stomach. He looks at Cas.
“Oh I see”, the other demon said. “Yes, I guess you could refer to them that way.”
“Yes, obviously. Hurt seems to run much deeper but also joy feels sharper and brighter.”
If he’s being honest with himself Dean never let himself dwell on the possibilities too much either but right in this moment he’s willing to go with his guts on this one; with some hazy fantasies he buried a long time ago - before he ever met Cas, with how perfect Cas’ heavy weight feels on top of him right now, with how much he wants to give Cas everything he’s got left to offer.
Cas nods. “Yes, after you defeated Chuck he came to the Empty. He put it back to sleep then took me and a few other angels back with him to help rebuild heaven.” Dean sees a fond small smile play across Castiel’s lips. “Gabriel and Balthazar had some interesting ideas.”
Dean knows he did but it doesn’t make it better, doesn’t change the fact that Dean’s the reason for it. He wants to avert his eyes, can barely stand Castiel’s honest, open gaze anymore but Cas curls a hand around his shoulder again and keeps him in place, their eyes locked.
.” Cas clarifies indignantly. “I sacrificed myself so you could live.”
“Yeah”, Dean says unable to stop a trace of bitterness leaking into his voice. “You said that before.”
Dean revels in the feel of Cas, hard and hot, under his hand but after only a few strokes Cas’ hand comes down, fingers closing around Dean’s wrist and stilling his touch.
Dean grins at Cas. “Awesome.” And to his great pleasure Cas turns and smiles back at him. Dean rummages through the box for another Shuriken. “Okay my turn.”
But then instead Jack let go of the endless cosmic power and channelled it all back into the world itself. Because Chuck was right; his essence has to always be there to balance out the shadows of evil but as it turned out it doesn’t have to be concentrated in just one single all-powerful being. Jack imbued the world and everyone in it with their own spark of divinity. He gave them all the ultimate gift; free will.
“Okay.” Sam says in a voice that lets Dean know that Sam suspects something is up and they are gonna talk about it tomorrow; which is fine because tomorrow everything will be different anyway, one way or the other.
“Dean, is being human really such a tragic fate?”
Sam looks tense. Dean begins to suspect that his most recent scrap with death might have affected his brother more than Dean himself. Given their previous experiences that’s probably true. Being the one who ended up dead has always been easier than being the one left behind.
By now nobody in the car has said a word in quite a while. There’s just the hum of the engine and the music coming from the tape deck turned low as not to wake Jack. Like that, Dean finds himself alone with his thoughts, picturing what he will say and how he will say it and how that might go for him. He should just do it and he should do it soon or else he will lose his nerves again like he did so many times before. He tells himself they’ll stop for the night and then he and Cas will talk. Dean will just drive till Thermopolis and then they’ll go look for a motel.
Slowly he pulls away from Cas so he can look him in the eyes again.
A long time ago when Dean had travelled across the country on solo hunts he sometimes looked out the wind shield at the endless miles of road ahead of him, picturing there was an end to it out there somewhere, a destination Dean would someday reach. Back then he dreamed that one day he would give up hunting, settle down, fall in love and have kids; a family of his own. And then when he eventually realised that he would never be able to leave the hunting life behind he buried his dream alongside the countless monster corpses and salted bones.
Pulling Cas closer to him, Dean buried his face in his chest, hiding away from the outside world just a little bit longer.
Castiel drew himself up and stood even straighter if such a thing was even possible with the massive stick he apparently had up his ass already as he proclaimed: “I’m an angel of the Lord.”
In Thermopolis Dean decides to keep going till Shoshoni.
The guy was close enough now that Dean could make out more of his appearance. With his striking blue eyes and tousled dark hair, the suit and tie, and the way he tilted his head at Dean’s question with an honestly confused expression on his face, he looked more like he should sell insurance policies rather than crossroad deals.
“You think it’s true?”, he asked Cas, “That all the other Castiels followed their orders just like all the other versions of me and Sam apparently ended up killing each other?”
“What else would I do?”
Castiel blinks and when his eyes open again he’s not with Jack in heaven anymore but standing in front of an old barn house. He remembers another night, standing just outside another barn and how walking in and meeting Dean had changed him forever, how it had ultimately led him to this moment now. He knows that going in and saving Dean one more time will change everything once again.
“Of course.” Cas has the audacity to smirk and his well-known answer in this all new context sends a pleasant shiver down Dean’s spine. Cas sits back up and Dean can’t help a disappointed whine as he also withdraws his fingers, leaving Dean with none of the sensations from a moment ago. Dean reminds himself that it’s what he asked for and that he had his reasons. He blindly reaches for the bottle of lube Cas dropped somewhere in the sheets next to them. He squeezes a fair amount onto his hand and wraps it around Cas’ cock.
Dean felt a new surge of anger. He wanted to punch something, throw stuff around, break things. Instead he felt Castiel’s hand curl around his shoulder, anchoring him back down. He hadn’t even noticed that Cas had crossed the room to stand right in front of him now.
It was a cocky thing to say, and so very Cas that it raised another smile from Dean. “So what you are saying - in a really nice way - is that we’re all broken and faulty.”
“So you think you need to keep an eye on Cas? Is this really all this is about, Dean?” He pauses. “Is this because of what happened in Ohio?” Dean can see that Sam can’t bring himself to elaborate more on what he’s talking about. He doesn’t need to. There’s no way Dean couldn’t know what he’s referring to. “Are you… are you scared?” Sam asks gingerly.
Cas turns in his arms. “Of course.”
I'm so sorry, this took way longer than anticipated. But the word count is also quite a bit higher than anticipated so I hope that makes up for it a bit.
Best to treat it like a band aid, Dean thought to himself, just rip it off, get it over with. So when Castiel reached out his hand towards him, Dean surged forward and took the initiative, pressing his lips to Castiel’s in a bruising kiss. It was unclear who was more surprised by Dean’s sudden boldness, he himself or Castiel who breathlessly gasped under Dean’s mouth. If Dean still had doubts that Castiel was what he claimed to be, they evaporated over the following seconds. Surely no demon would kiss like this; a bit unsure yet unyielding and quite frankly, utterly divine.
“I choose Dean.” Cas says without even hearing the options. He will never not choose Dean.
“No,” Dean couldn’t bear Castiel’s gentle tone. ”Don’t even try to make excuses for me. I said all those horrible things”
“Yes.” Cas nodded. “If you don’t sell your soul tonight we will have bought ourselves a bit of time but the fight between heaven and hell will ultimately be inevitable and we are going to need your cooperation if we want to have any hope of winning it.”
„I‘m really looking forward to go through all the books in the library. Maybe Sam and I can work on a new index. And of course playing games with Jack.” A playful smirk plays around Castiel’s lips. “Even watching one of your ridiculous cowboy films with you sounds good right about now.“
Cas turned back to face him and Dean lifted himself from the bed to be at eyelevel with him, even though he didn’t let go of Castiel’s coat just yet. He just couldn’t let Cas leave. “Cas, please, stay. I need you here right now.”
“There is.”, Jack says and his word is the truth of the universe. Cas can feel time shifting and suddenly knows they could spend hours in this sphere Jack has just created around them while a mere second would pass on earth. It deflates the urgency that had gripped Cas so tightly but not the underlining terror. His heart still beats load in his chest as he falls in step beside Jack.
“This is your problem, Dean. You have no faith.”
Castiel seemed to get even more confused by Dean’s unwillingness to buy into his story.
“Come on.” He puts one hand to Castiel’s jaw, absentmindedly scratching over the dark stubbles there while his other hand settles over Cas’ ass, urging him to keep going.
“You are saying that if I was to resurrect your bother you would give yourself over wholly to the service of God and his angels?”
“Cas, can I ask you something?”
Dean’s thought about it of course. He tried his best not to at first, when Cas was dead and gone and certain implications seemed much too painful to even consider but had crept into his mind nonetheless. And now, ever since Castiel’s return, that moment seems to play on endless repeat in Dean’s brain and hangs over them every time they so much as make eye-contact over a stack of pancakes at breakfast.
“Cas? Whenever you healed me with your mojo, you always fixed pretty much anything that could be wrong with me, right?”
Suddenly the wind picked up, blowing dark clouds over the sky, thunder crashed and then lightning illuminated the crossroad. And there on the asphalt right behind Castiel the light created his shadow as a silhouette, and in contrast to the original, this Castiel had huge wings that stretched out to both sides of him, spanning the entire width of the street.
“Look around” Jack prompts and Castiel does as he’s told. “You helped me build this new heaven, a place where everyone can join together in peace for eternity. Is there something wrong with it?”
as the strange pleasure eventually following in its wake as Cas stopped and gave him time to settle.
When Cas wrapped his hand around Dean’s cock again, Dean knew he wasn’t gonna last. Once again he tried coaxing Cas down for another kiss and this time the angel obliged, bending over Dean to recapture his lips.
Cas seems taken aback by that at least. “I thought I made that very clear.”
And yet, Cas looks at him now, the blue of his eyes a sea of fondness, and melancholy, and desperate longing as he all but whispers: “In every way.”
“Dean, you and Jack, and Sam, you are my family. I love you; all of you.”
After Cas returned with them to the bunker it seemed like everyone quietly assumed that things would just keep going the way they had for years, with Sam and Dean hunting and Cas fighting alongside them. But the thing is that after Chuck was defeated Sam and Dean took a moment to just sit down and think about who they want to be now that their
“You know, demons are not the only ones who can bring people back from the dead.”
He hooks his fingers into the waistband, mouthing at Dean’s hipbone as he slowly drags his underwear down over his crotch. But Cas seems determined to draw this out and instead of putting his lips where Dean wants them most right about now he kisses along Dean’s leg as he slips his boxers down further. He guides Dean to bend his knee until he can push his underwear all the way off as he nibs on Dean’s ankle. He moves up again, leaving a trail of kisses up Dean’s other leg and then finally, upon circling back in on Dean’s middle, licking a long stripe up the underside of his dick before closing his lips over the tip. Dean’s vision goes blurry around the edges, synapses firing wildly while he fists his hands into Castiel’s dark mop of hair.
spoken a single word about how Cas ended up in the Empty in the first place though; about all the things he said before the shadow came for him and how they had triggered a curse that apparently was related to Castiel’s true happiness.
Sam finally looks at him again, seemingly mulling over all Dean just said. Slowly but surely Dean sees a smile settle on his brother’s features.
Words fail Dean, like they so often do. Instead he lets his hand glide over the glossy paint of the hood until the tips of his fingers brush the back of Castiel’s hands. It’s such a fragile, intimate moment and for a second the night seems to have gone completely still around them. Dean looks down at their hands to see Cas move his a bit until their fingers can properly intertwine.
He wishes he could go down to earth and tell Dean about all they’ve accomplished up here but Jack has closed the gates of heaven upon their arrival and Cas understands why. Too much harm has come to earth because of heaven’s meddling. Jack wants to do it better this time around.
There is a sudden knock, startling Dean and making him jerk away from Cas. But when he turns around looking for the source of the noise he only finds Sam staring back at him through the wind shield, hand a few inches away from the glass.
“Oh, I think I’m gonna leave that to Eileen.”
’ just as clear as any words would. He raises the gun again, takes aim and pulls the trigger.
Dean shrugs. “Someone has to look after Miracle, right?”
“Cas, when we first met, you told me that good things do happen. I didn’t believe you but as it turns out you were right. Because, quite frankly, you are the very best thing that’s ever happened to me. You are so much more than I will ever deserve. You say I changed you but you changed me as well. You changed my whole life. And, hell, I love you for it.” Cas stares at him, eyes wide and full of wonder. And now that it’s out there, now that he’s said it, it’s almost ridiculously easy to repeat it. “Cas, I love you.” He curls a hand around the back of Castiel’s neck, holds him close. “I love you.” And when his lips find Castiel’s again there’s no hesitation this time.
He’s ready for it to happen.
Cas sighs and engages the safety on the gun, putting it down on the counter. “I know. But I feel like I need to be useful, for my own sake if nothing else.”
are real. In a world where so much else was predetermined, they somehow managed to write their own story between the lines. And even though - as with all emotions - Dean may not have made the conscious choice of falling for Castiel, he’s choosing him now. For so long, Dean fought for his freedom without even truly knowing what he was going to do with it. He does know now, and if he fought for him and Cas to be together like this than it was all well worth it.
“Okay then, let’s get this over with then. Same deal I offered her. 5 years.”
an angel, Cas. What do I know, how emotions work for you. You always said all that stuff about how you love all of us, and how you love humanity, and…”
Which brings Dean back to the reason for him still being alive. Looking over Sam’s shoulder he sees Cas. He’s just standing there, a small smile on his face. Their eyes meet again and Dean slowly but surely extracts himself from Sam, patting him on the back as he goes. Sam lets him leave, still trembling but reassured that Dean’s not going anywhere, not yet.
Until Castiel feels a sudden pain that he knows isn’t his own racing through him.
It‘s as freeing as it is terrifying.
“That was different.” Cas interrupts him. By now he sounds just as frustrated as Dean, like Dean is making things unnecessarily hard for him.
“You know that’s not what I mean.”
Cas goes quiet for a moment, apparently musing it over. Eventually he shakes his head. “No, I want to be a hunter. I want to save people, I want to make the world better, and I want…” he stops himself, biting his lips.
“You saw how angry he was with you and Sam, because you didn’t want to play along. Chuck is irritated with your stubbornness, which to be honest is at least partly relatable.”
Everything is perfect and peaceful.
can have this.
They sit like this for a while; long enough that behind them Sam and Jack are already fast asleep when Dean glances over his shoulder to check on them. Maybe, Dean thinks, he doesn’t have to get himself worked up over this whole thing just now. So much happened today already, it really should be enough. He could just sit here and enjoy their victory. He could tell Cas tomorrow, once they are back at the bunker. Or maybe he should give them a few days to settle back in. He could tell Cas then. Maybe in a week or two, or next month; or another 10 years down the line…
“Which was?”
Dean laughs and playfully squeezes his hip. He sounds way too smug when he states: “And yet, you will watch them with me.” He beams at Castiel. “Because you love me.”
It’s enough of a conformation for Dean. He surges forward, covering Castiel’s lips with his own.
Jack knows that of course. Kelly told him when they showed up at their place earlier. And even if she hadn’t, Cas supposes Jack knows just about everything now. It comes with being omnipresent after all. But it still feels good to say it to Jack, to give voice to his own feelings. And the way Jack smiles upon hearing it lets Cas know that he appreciates it too.
“You don’t have to indulge me, Dean.”
And Dean can certainly get behind
It was thrilling, exhilarating and yet it calmed the storm that had raged in Dean for so long and he could have stood there forever, kissing Cas until the world came down around them and not cared for a second.
“I love all of you, too.” Dean turns around to take a look through the wind shield at Sam’s and Jack’s sleeping forms. “I mean, from the start, it’s always been me and Sam against the world. But now Jack… he’s like a son to me.” he turns back to Cas. “And you...”
The demon still had the audacity to look confused.
“Should that ring any bells? I guess I should have asked ‘What the hell are you?’”
“Yeah, right.” Dean snorted. “And why would an angel give a damn about what I do with my soul?” It wasn’t like any higher power had ever taken any interest in Dean whatsoever, surely not to help him in any way at least.
Dean thinks he could spend the rest of his life like this and not want for anything more.
“I’d say, it’s been quite a few years actually.”
And suddenly it’s easy.
Right, Dean hadn’t really thought about that, not for a second, not even when Castiel had appeared and Dean had figured he was there to take the place of the other demon he’d been negotiating with. All Dean had cared about was salvaging the deal to get Sam back not about how that would come to pass, what it would cost him or, for that matter, what the bureaucratic aspects of this deal would be calling for.
Dean forces himself to keep his eyes open and let Cas look at him as he fucks him through it. He gets rewarded with getting to see Cas come undone as well in the midst of it.
“Cas? What just happened?”
Right there at the entrance of the barn he can see Cas.
“Don’t talk, Dean.”
When Dean took a step backwards towards the bed again, Cas followed.
Diffusing a divine nuke inside of a half-angel kid in the last possible second would do that to you, he supposed. Or at least that was the most comfortable excuse Dean had at the moment. As soon as Jack and everyone else around him had been out of immediate danger Dean had run for the hills, or more accurately his bedroom. He just couldn’t face Sam right now; or Jack. Maybe the others knew it too because when the knock on his door eventually came, it was Cas who walked in a moment later.
Dean felt himself getting angry, it wasn’t like he wanted to become some demon’s little bitch after all. But it was the only way to save Sam and he wouldn’t let anyone stop him from accomplishing that.
It’s one of the things Dean has learned about Cas these past few days, just like the fact that his normal underlying sassiness gets amped up to 11 in the morning before his first pot of coffee, that he will absentmindedly scratch Miracle behind the ears while looking up stuff on his Laptop in the library, that he loves PB&J sandwiches… and that he looks really good in a plaid-shirt and jeans.
“Cas.” He uses the hand in Cas’ hair to make him look up at him. “Come here.”
“What makes us so special then?” The words left Dean’s mouth before he could even think about it.
First he’s gonna have to find Cas though. The bunker is big enough that several people can easily go a day in there without running into each other apart from dinner time in the kitchen. So far Cas has spent his days mostly in the library or down in the archives and the training rooms, claiming he still has to get used to his new human physiology.
But Dean wants to talk, needs to talk. There’s something he’s gotta say before it all ends.
“Well, I meant it back then. And I mean it now.”
“The competition?”, he asked once he stood but a few feet away from Dean.
“You wanna be inside me?”
Trust Sam to take Dean’s plot to get Sam laid and make it all about Dean’s potential trauma. Dean rolls his eyes and tries for flippant. “Of a couple of ghouls? Come on, Sam.”
Cas finds he can’t truthfully promise that he won’t so he keeps his mouth shut this time and that seems to be answer enough for Jack.
The guy’s stiff, clinical demeanour was sort of unsettling. Dean suspected that whatever step of the corporate hell ladder he was on, it was one that didn’t require much costumer contact.
“I want to be with you and Sam… protecting you.”
not feeling jealous upon hearing that name), and Akobel, who now gets to be with Lilly and her daughter once again. Cas even convinced Jack to bring back Crowley and Meg (again, Dean is not jealous) on condition that they play nice with each other and stay in hell with Rowena.
And Jack smiles at him, a true smile that lights up his whole face but somehow still seems to hold some secret knowledge Cas can’t quite hope to understand.
Cas tears his eyes from the sky and looks at Dean, a weird sort of confusion on his face.
“No.” Cas can’t – won’t let that happen. Not after everything Dean has been through. It doesn’t get to end just days after Dean’s got his freedom; it’s too cruel, too tragic, like something Chuck would have come up with as the ultimate punchline. But Cas knows it isn’t that. It’s just coincidence that sometimes can be even harsher than fate. They don’t have to accept coincidence though, not when Jack is right there beside him. “You have to save him.”
And then Cas’s lips are making their way downwards again, eventually wrapping themselves around Dean’s dick. Dean cries out and his hips, who apparently have by now completely detached themselves from his brain as well, don’t seem to know if they rather want to push forwards into Cas’ mouth or backwards onto his fingers. He lets himself enjoy Cas’ lips for only a few moments longer before tapping him on the shoulder and telling him to stop. Cas let’s Dean cock slip from his mouth and looks up at him, hair a mess and lips a shiny red; the perfect picture for the lexicon entry on ‘
A swoosh of air like the flap of big wings disturbed the once again quite night air and Dean whirled around to find a man standing at the edge of the crossroad like he had just appeared out of nowhere. Slowly the guy started walking towards Dean, his tan trench coat a contrast against the dark of the night. Okay, Dean thought to himself, so apparently a bigger, badder demon had killed the one that Dean had been about to make a deal with, but for what reason? To seal the deal himself? Dean figured it probably brought you lot of reputation down in hell if you managed to bag a hunter. If so, it was fine with Dean, he didn’t care who he made the deal with as long as it meant that he would get Sam back.
“No.” Cas confesses eventually. “No, that has stayed very much the same.”
It’s not entirely pleasant as Cas pushes into him but seeing his stunned face makes up for the slight burn more than enough. Cas stills, giving Dean time to adjust. His clenched jaw gives Dean an idea of the effort Cas makes to restrain himself and he finds he has neither need nor patience for it.
Put like that it sounds logical, easy - too easy. It reminds Cas of how he had once offered the prospect of paradise to Dean only for Dean to reject it, choosing life the way it was instead, and starting to make Cas believe it was something worth fighting for as well.
Except it’s not gonna end. The last non-delirious bastion of Dean’s brain suddenly catches up to this realization. If Cas is here, it’s not gonna end.
Dean can’t help the smile that stretches across his face at that. “Son of a bitch, the kid really did it.”
“And what if something else happens to Dean? Will you come to me and ask again for one last exception?”
He glances over to find Cas with his neck craned back to stare at the starry sky.
For the past week Dean has seen Sam grow more and more restless, apparently eager to find a new case, itching for a fight or at least something to focus his attention on. Dean’s got the impression he doesn’t quite know what to do with himself anymore. Dean on the other hand has a very clear idea about what his brother
And that pretty much settles things.
“Are we there?”
“Good.”
“Dean, please, can I…”
.” Dean all but begs. “Please, don’t say we should stop.”
Dean flinches as the bullet hits the target’s cardboard background but stays well outside the black silhouette.
been angry at Cas for the stunt he pulled with the Empty, for putting Dean through the pain of losing him yet again, and for leaving Dean alone with the aftermath of what was said as well as the things left unsaid. He thought that anger had evaporated upon Castiel’s return, but apparently not. Once again they seem to fall into their old patterns. Dean can already tell that Cas is going into the defense as well.
Dean felt his head spinning. It seemed laughable, the apocalypse, him being the key in preventing it, he who had never been anyone’s first choice. He was just a soldier, expandable, his only mission to keep his little brother save… Sam. That at least brought his thoughts back on track. Angels walking the earth, the end of the world; it didn’t matter. None of it mattered.
I have been a skeptic, but you are my undeniable miracle.
“I guess that’s true.” Sam eventually says. “I suppose you
Cas had told him that before, and Dean fool that he was had walked away, too angry and too hurt to believe him.
Somehow losing Castiel’s fingers inside of him now felt almost as strange as taking them in had at first.
“Dean…”
“Yeah.” Dean agrees and concentrates on his own fingers, absent-mindedly pulling on the label of his beer bottle. “So what’s next? For you, I mean.”
Cas lets his eyes wander again. In many ways this new heaven reminds him of the smaller heavens he liked best back in the day, the peaceful ones, rooted in nature. Except now there are no more walls just an endless stretch of woods and fields… and a big amusement park tucked away behind the tree line to the east where Jack has let Gabriel have free range.
In Shoshoni Dean figures they can probably make it to Casper tonight.
Next to him he hears Cas chuckle in that deep rumbling tone of his.
Castiel’s tongue pushed into Dean’s mouth and his hands pushed under his shirt, tracing every rib; ribs that were engraved with Castiel’s name, Dean remembered. Right from the start Cas had always left his mark on Dean, a handprint on his shoulder, a name on his ribs and something even deeper within Dean’s soul. And Dean knew he had changed Cas as well, and somehow, incredibly and inexplicable – even to God himself – they had managed to fit all their broken pieces together along the way.
An immeasurable weight lifts from Castiel’s chest even as Jack continues:
A small smiles pulls on Dean’s lips. If the light he’s supposed to walk towards wears Castiel’s face Dean will follow it gladly.
And then Cas continues: “I think it might have been the first human emotion I was able to feel, even before I became human myself, even for that first time.”
Panic closes like a fist around Dean’s heart, because what if Cas means that he wants to take off and go back to heaven? Cas had an eon-long life before Dean came and mucked it up, he couldn’t blame Cas now for wanting to return to it and help his last brothers and sisters to help redefine heaven. If that’s the case, could Dean even convince him to stay?
For the first time since they started walking Jack sounds a little bit unsure. Like maybe he truly got something wrong, and it would endlessly pain him.
And of course Jack knows about Castiel’s feelings. Omnipresence and all that, Cas reminds himself. Going by that he also knows what’s in Dean’s heart but Cas knows there is no use in asking. Jack has made a habit out of not giving answers anymore. He just asks questions. The answers must be found within oneself. At least for Jack’s final question, Cas realizes he already has one.
It’s a ridiculous request, Cas thinks. How can he just go for a stroll through heaven when down there on earth Dean is dying right now? “There is no time.”
“What do you want, Cas?” he asks as soon as Cas lets him up for air again.
Cas this way.
Dean thinks. But there’s an earnestness and a longing in Castiel’s eyes that floors him. He just looks at Cas, takes him in, the wrinkles around his eyes and the dark stubble growing in on his cheek. Dean’s not really felt the need to stage an intervention about the later one yet, though if Sam were to ask Dean would swear to high heaven that it’s not because he secretly thinks it’s actually a good look for Cas. Dean knows that Cas already figured out how to shave from his last time as a human a few years back, it just doesn’t seem to be something he’s willing to do on a daily basis.
“What, Cas?”
“According to Chuck this here is the first world he created; the original. If that’s the case, then it stands to reason that all the others are just recreations of this one. But maybe some things can’t be recreated.” Another fond smile tucked at Castiel’s lips. “Chuck created all these other versions of us based on his own interpretation of our ‘characters’.”
Until it isn’t anymore.
But when he looks in Castiel’s eyes he sees nothing but honest confusion as Cas tilts his head in the way that has become as familiar to Dean over the years as the back of his own hand.
“Bite me, jerk.”
Castiel mercifully ignored his rambling.
So maybe Cas isn’t a hallucination after all. Dean tries to wrap his brain around that as Cas gently maneuvers Sam out of the way, Sam apparently too shocked to put up much of a fight. And Dean sees the faint glimmer of desperate hope in his brother’s eyes before Cas steps in his place and takes up all of Dean’s fading attention.
“Yeah, and no-one showed him the ropes back then either, and it shows.” Dean tries not to linger on the stab of guilt the memory of Castiel’s last time as a human delivers. He failed Cas back then but he’s not planning to repeat that mistake. “Yesterday I found him swallowing the mouthwash instead of spitting it out.”
And then Dean catches Cas‘ eyes in the rear-view mirror and he realises what has to happen next, where his path leads, where it has always led. Not because Chuck put him on it but because he and Cas set out on it together years ago. If anything, he and Cas stayed on course despite Chuck trying to break them apart over and over again, when every time they defied the rules set for them and made their way back to each other.
They’re making their way back to the bunker.
“Dean, I think I found us a case.” He points at the screen as Dean comes closer to take a look. “A string of grave robberies in a small town near Milwaukee and now a teenager who used to hang around the cemetery was found dead. Might be ghouls. What do you think?”
Ever since finding out about Chuck, Dean had felt nothing but anger. He had questioned every choice, every feeling, because if it all came from Chuck, then it was all a lie. And whatever he and Castiel had between them it was just another plot point, meant to make Dean feel miserable. Or so Dean had thought. And then Chuck had raged about how all the other Castiels had stayed good little soldiers, all but this one.
This happened with Hell too. The images, the sounds, the physical sensations of that place confined themselves to Dean’s dreams, but the smells followed him into his waking life. It took months for Dean to stop getting whiffs of Hell every time he walked into a diner, the meat sizzling on the big open griddle smelling both delicious and disgusting. He knows it’s going to be the same with Detroit.
Now it's Dean's turn to smile, big enough his eyes crinkle at the sides. “Awesome.”
Castiel does not relax and also doesn’t really answer, not in words. Instead he shifts in Dean’s arms, clumsily climbing up on top of the other man as Dean lays down and suddenly something unbelievable occurs to him. “...Is this your first time?”
“Hey Cas,” Dean said, amused despite himself. Somehow, despite how weird Cas was, the cook always managed to make him grin, a bit of tension melting off his shoulders. Cas was playing some game that Dean didn’t know the rules to and he still hadn’t convinced Cas to make him runny eggs, but maybe today was the day. Maybe for once he could ask for what he wanted and get it.
“Yes. And you would have too if you’d bothered to show up before tonight.” Dean doesn’t have a response for this. “Castiel is a friend of mine.”
The guy pops back into view up by the roadside and walks over to Dean. “Thank you, I…” he stares up the road leading away from town, “I think my truck ran out of gas. Or something, I’m not sure. And my phone’s dead.” The guy sighs.
Cas turned the plate and smiled at Dean. The plate also smiled at Dean.
“Yes. It’s important to you so I want to know about it.” Cas smiles, small but earnest, and Dean decides there isn’t anything hidden in this guy’s interest, that he isn’t going to laugh at Dean or judge him or think he’s dumb. This is not someone wanting to learn what Dean cares about so they can turn it around and use it against him. What this
to go up yet, or have to sit alone at a table for 30 minutes or parse what time is on time when it’s not the stated time, but this is just how it is. Castiel has been early and has been late, but he has never been on time for anything in his life. When his phone finally displays five minutes after the prescribed time, he leaves behind the spot where he’s been standing and trying desperately to be inconspicuous and heads up.
The bark of laughter that explodes out of Dean is short and sharp, and though he clamps down on the sound, his face never returns back to the dejected state it had been in. Dean’s eyes twinkle for the first time that night. “Cas, buddy,
Sam lets out a huff and quickly turns away so Dean, who has now very much looked up from the table, won’t see the small smile that’s spread across his face.
“No yeah, you can’t go back there.”
“Sam, it’s a hole in the ground. It’s not gonna be that memorable.”
Dean walked toward Cas, meeting him halfway. Standing this close, finally without a counter between them, Cas had to tilt his head up a little to meet Dean’s eyes. The two men just stood there for a moment enjoying the closeness, Cas’ mind empty for once until a single thought -- “oh, freckles” -- drifted through it.
It’s wrinkled from being balled up at the bottom of his stuff and it doesn’t smell very fresh, but he knows it’s clean so it’ll have to do. Pulling it on, Dean tugs here and there at the sleeves and waist; it’s not that the shirt doesn’t fit, it’s just that it doesn’t feel right. In addition to the general vulnerability that comes with not being armored in layers -- vulnerability that he is absolutely
Dean’s eyes flick to Cas for the briefest of moments before he answers “Free will. So what, this tulpa comes with an escape clause?”
“Nah, surprise me.”
The two of them are quiet, lost in thought for the next 30 miles, until Sam hears Dean mutter under his breath “Why would Cas own a coffee shop?”
He sees movement in the corner of his eye, something black pushing outwards to fill more of his peripheral vision, and hears Sam gasp in reverence. The condor, still on the ground in front of Cas, has opened up its wings, revealing their unexpected white undersides. It’s not flapping them or raising them above its body or doing anything threatening or particularly awesome, but it’s majestic nonetheless simply because the wings are so
Dean let out a huff of air, a sigh and a sad laugh all rolled into one, and slowly shook his head. He opened his mouth to say something, but cut himself off when he saw the tin in Cas’ hand. “What---? Oh Jesus Christ, Cas.” Dean was genuinely laughing now, though he still sounded exhausted. “
On TV and in movies, you know a character is depressed because someone comes over to their house and sees that they’re artfully disheveled and have been eating nothing but cereal for a couple days. Maybe there are empty bottles laying around, maybe someone declined an invitation to a party, maybe someone ate ice cream for dinner,
Castiel is deciding whether or not to reply with “I overthink everything” when the next message from Dean comes in.
“Oh, well, I would like to.”
of dates sound exactly like that and actually, you did sort of pick me up on the side of the road.”
“Have another, uh…” Dean doesn’t say it. Doesn’t say “vision.” He thought they were done with this 12, 13 years ago when Yellow Eyes died, then again when Cas sucked Lucifer clean out of Sam’s skull, then
“Oh, I may have some tools. Um, let me just…” And Cas swings himself up into the bed of the truck and starts moving some white boxes out of the way.
“Hello?” Dean puts more question into that word than usual.
Turns out Castiel’s hole in the ground is kind of a big deal.
Thank you for reading, I hope you're enjoying it! Comments, suggestions, kudos -- all are welcome and appreciated!
Also I just want to say that I like Bela a lot on the show and wish she'd stuck around longer, but I also think she would have been absolutely TERRIBLE for Dean's self esteem if the two of them ever dated. So, sorry not sorry, Bela.
The walk out to the sidewalk is a quiet one. Dean’s car is parked right out front and the two men stop next to it. For a long minute the silence continues until Cas says “I can see why you like this car so much.”
Dean grins around a couple of steak fries. “Ha ha, Cas.
jokes), but if Cas was into it he’d be fine with playing along. But Cas doesn’t seem all that interested in his own ideas either. It’s like he’s trying to pick the right answer based on what he thinks a date is supposed to be, like he read it in a book somewhere or, yeah, watched it on a carefully manicured TV show.
When they get to the car the brothers strip down as much as they can without breaking any decency laws New Mexico might have on the books. They’re sweaty and gross and dirt is caked in all kinds of unpleasant places, and even though Dean and Sam are well versed in roughing it neither of them wants to try and sleep tonight without taking a shower. All that aside, they’re not about to stay here; they’ve slept in countless
“I’d be done with this damn hole.”
from between the pages of the other magazine. “That’s for me. I uh, I wanted to learn more about human sexuality.” Cas has never been a particularly skilled liar but this time he might have managed to pull it off because Dean looks… Is that disappointment? “You said men don’t talk about pornography together and so I thought the magazine could...” Cas trails off. He’s
The silence gets weird and Sam is shifting around like a man angling for first shower, which
Sam blinks once, twice, and turns a confused face toward his brother. That one worked. “Dude, you think about Cas’ junk enough for the both of us.”
“Which of those pies over there is the best?” Dean asks with a smile.
a good match, even if an unconventional one. He shoots a quick text to Charlie letting her know he’ll be a bit and smiles at her quick reply of “no worries, don’t think i’ll need a ride anyway aw yeahhh” but is too busy wresting with the lid of the gas can to catch her follow up of “wait did u SCORE????”
“I have two copies,” Dean said, “take one if you like.”
(***)
“It’s always about your pathetic reputation,” the man muttered, “I don’t understand why I should do this for you. Why I should help you with this. You’ve done nothing for me.”
“Well, then, avoid him,” Michael said, continuing to look down at Castiel who looked embarrassedly down at his feet, “look, you shouldn’t be at school.”
“Translate?” Dean asked.
But before him, you had Lucifer, Michael and Gabriel. He was the youngest.
“You know him?” Dean asked, obviously missing what Gabriel had called him.
MUTED
“Mom,” Dean groaned slightly, “I know how to dial 991 – it’s only
They all sat in the lounge room; Dean and Gabriel were playing some video game, involving race cars. Castiel watched, drifting off occasionally a day dreaming. Whenever he was brought back to reality however, he always forgot what he had been day dreaming about.
“He said; I’ve only been to my first class; I can’t really give you a detailed analysis on how horrifying this place is yet.”
Though, what made it hard was that Dean still tried to talk to him, he would make friendly remarks and talk to him during lunch times and it bothered him, because all he wanted to do was distance himself away from Dean. But Dean just wanted to stay in Castiel’s life.
“What?” Gabriel asked, sounding incredulous, “but we’re exhausted!”
The news of Lucifer Novak breaking out of a mental asylum was big news around the school; and like Gabriel had once said, Novak wasn’t a very common last name, so many people picked up that Lucifer was somehow related to three students in the school. But, Michael and Gabriel kept their heads held high, Gabriel even threatening a younger student that, if he didn’t shut up about it, he’d call Lucifer and set him on the young man.
He jumped and looked up to find Dean again. He swallowed harshly, but the sound didn’t sound normal, it sounds like a little squeak rather than a regular gulping noise. He wanted to cry, he didn’t know what for though. Relief? Relief that it hadn’t been Lucifer creeping up behind him or his other brothers that he couldn’t face? He felt safe in Dean’s arms in a way he had never had in anyone’s. His mother’s hugs generally felt uncomfortable, and his brother’s hugs only ever happened when he freaked out. This felt different, even if he was freaking out now.
Castiel frowned,
“You know I’m bisexual, right?” Dean asked.
He knew he was young. But he didn’t care. He didn’t regret it – and hell, even if he and Dean split up in a few weeks, or a few months, or a year – he still wouldn’t regret it. Because Dean Winchester wasn’t the type of man you regretted being with, even if things ended horribly.
Castiel rolled his eyes as Gabriel turned around to change the song on the stereo. Some other weird pop punk band began playing through the speakers. Castiel couldn’t tell the difference between the sounds so he assumed it was music by the same band.
Gabriel wrapped his arm around Castiel, “well you better tell a better story to keep this guy interested, apparently he was day dreaming in Science all evening.”
“We should get going,” Dean said, looking down at his watch, “otherwise, we’re going to be late.”
“Cas?”
“What are you doing Castiel?!” he heard his mother screech from behind him, “that was for someone else!”
Everyone nodded quietly, refusing to argue. Mary seemed pleased with the response, smiled, and left the room without complaint. That’s when Dean walked over to him slowly and tentatively, before leaning down and kissing his lips softly, “I’m sorry I didn’t get to you sooner.”
When he finally snapped out of it, he stared at the door in front of him. There was a button, he pressed it, and he heard a ring from inside. There were footsteps and slowly the door opened.
“Tell who what honey?” his mother asked in that fake sickly sweet voice of hers. It was like she was afraid she was constantly being watched by cameras, that if she dropped her facade for one moment, the whole world would know how she used her children as trophies and didn’t actually love them like a decent mother would.
He grabbed out a notepad and pen, and began to write, sitting on the edge of the boy’s bed without his permission. He felt it would tell Dean just how serious he thought the situation was.
Castiel nodded.
“Huh? Who’s Charlie?” Gabriel asked, looking at Dean confusedly.
“Castiel, go to bed sweetheart,” his mother said suddenly, turning towards him and pointing up the stairs, “now.”
Castiel looked down at the half empty plate of spaghetti, which had tasted horrible anyway – his mother’s cooking normally was – but it had been enough to fill his empty stomach. He signed sorry, but his mother sent him to his room for back-chatting. Castiel really wished his mother would learn sign language, hell; Dean had learned more sign language than her.
As soon as he lay down and relaxed, he felt Dean wrap an arm around him and kiss his cheek softly before mumbling a small ‘good night.’ It made Castiel feel good, loved and protected. He also liked the fact that Dean no longer asked for permission to show him the tiniest amounts of affection. Something like this, he felt he shouldn’t have to give permission for constantly – though it was nice that was how he started their relationship off. Asking, making sure he was comfortable with everything. But now, slowing getting to know each other’s limits, it made everything a lot easier - less awkward.
“What have you got first?” Dean asked Castiel.
Castiel wanted to ask why, but didn’t know how well Dean would be able to see him sign in the darkness. He tried, but Dean seemed to get the gist, “I feel like being a sappy shit,” he mumbled, sounding tired, “plus...I can’t sleep...you’re too far away from me and I don’t want something to happen to you just because I couldn’t get to you fast enough.”
Dinner consisted of roast beef and there were eight plates set on the table. He turned to Gabriel and lifted up a brow.
James shook his head, sighed and went back to looking at the board. He looked at Castiel from the corner of his eye, who was signing to Dean to see if he understood sign language at all. Dean shook his head, saying he didn’t know sign language and James continued to look at him weirdly until he completely turned towards him, “are you deaf?” he asked.
“Michael messaged me,” he said, “told me your mother had given you a bit of hell.”
MUTED
“I think we should go back,” Michael said, “there’s no point being here, when there’s no threat.”
“Castiel, can you hear me? Baby, can you hear?”
Also, recently my laptop keyboard has been screwing up, so that isn't fun at all to be honest.
“It’s a really long story,” Michael muttered.
The boy nodded and went to eat his food.
Dean ignored him, standing up quickly and rushing over to open the door. He stepped back hastily as Michael and Gabriel practically flew in, topping over a few photo frames as Gabriel clumsily banged into the wall – luckily none of the glass broke.
Castiel signed something to Michael that Dean couldn’t understand.
“Hello!” there was a pause, “Castiel? Sweetheart, you’re looking awfully pale.”
(***)
“I wanna show you something,” Dean said slowly, his cheeks seeming to go a little red. Gabriel was smirking, but surprisingly didn’t say a word. Castiel nodded, standing up slowly as Dean turned around and made his way towards the stairs. He followed.
Gabriel just shrugged and sat down next to Castiel on the bed, grabbing one of the take-out food boxes which turned out to still have noodles in it, “want some?” he asked. Castiel shook his head, “suit yourself,” he grabbed some chopsticks from the table and began digging in, all the while talking.
“Then one night, when Castiel was about eleven?”
He’d gone ahead and done it anyway; risking his friendship with Gabriel and his acquaintance with Michael, but only ended up closer to them than ever. They’d become...sort of like a little fucked up family.
(***)
The dull dialling tone of the phone was enough to lull Castiel out of his state of shock. But rather that sitting the phone back on the desk, he dropped it onto the floor and ran out of the room. Not listening as the principal cursed him for being rude and breaking the new phone they’d purchased – running past Dean and Gabriel and not hearing them shout out for him. He heard Michael at some point as well, but he continued running, running and running until he was outside of the school.
He felt like he could calm down and actually breathe once he got into the shower and turned on the water. He washed his body with just the water and no soap; he didn’t know which soap he was allowed to use and he didn’t want to cause any type of inconvenience.
(***)
“What about her?” Dean asked for Castiel, who looked too exhausted to sign anything – or maybe he was just sick of everyone’s crap.
The brothers laughed and slowly, Michael pulled out of the drive way.
Castiel pushed his feet over the edge of the couch. Everything felt fuzzy around him again, surreal. He wasn’t one to nap during the middle of the day, and the fact that he had fallen asleep in the morning and now it was night time felt weird to him. He slowly made his way to the kitchen, where he saw Dean standing there, talking to Adam.
Dean walked forwards and wrapped his arms around Castiel, hugging him tightly. Castiel lifted his arms and put them around Dean’s neck, hugging him just as tightly, propping his head up on Dean’s shoulder. He looked over at Adam, who looked uncomfortable. He wondered if the boy was homophobic, or whether he was just uncomfortable with the public display of affection – either way Castiel didn’t care. He wanted to feel loved.
His mother held his lunch in a paper brown bag, rolled up at the top. Castiel tried to resist the urge to roll his eyes. His mother had never done this for him, the mental schools food in the cafeteria had been free, after some kid freaked out about the milkshakes being five dollars after the kid had only three dollars to spend.
“Hello Cas!” Dean’s mom exclaimed, before wrapping her arms tightly around the boy in front of him. She settled her hands in front of her chest and signed
MUTED
(***)
Dean shook his head slowly, a small smile growing on his face, “I still can’t believe your mother actually called her son Lucifer.”
Dean continued to eat his sandwich, a little moodily. Castiel wasn’t sure how to help in anyway; he wasn’t used to situations like this. His mother hadn’t met anyone ever since his father had left before he was even born. Gabriel and Michael had known the man and apparently he’d been a great big bag of dicks – but not as bad as their mother. Lucifer had even met him, but obviously Castiel couldn’t get Lucifer’s opinion.
Castiel had made a habit of sleeping with the door open just in case Lucifer climbed in through the window and Castiel needed to make a quick escape. He’d lately considered even hiding his own knife underneath a pillow, just in case.
Gabriel stood at Castiel’s locker, mobile phone held towards his ear. He waited and waited and eventually the tone stopped a voice replaced it.
Castiel waited.
“If I get caught, then I go to jail,” Lucifer said, “I’m not really willing to risk that.”
While the discussion continued, Castiel’s head moved left and right, almost like he was watching a tennis match. He was so distracted; he poured lukewarm gravy into his lap as he tried to aim for his roast potatoes. He made a shrill squeaking noise, which made everyone stop. He dropped the gravy boat on the table, trying hard not to knock it over the kitchen table and covered his face embarrassment, unsure whether it was from shame of his squeaky noise or because of the mess he had made everywhere.
Castiel resisted the urge to roll his eyes.
When Castiel was seven, the knife would be held against his neck and he’d be asked to take out the trash, clean the car, cook dinner and hang out the washing.
But everything seemed to light up when he felt arms wrap around his body. The metaphorical hands disappeared from around his throat; the arms wrapped around him the only things he allowed himself to focus on. He breathed in deep, relaxing in the arms wrapped around them. They were probably Michael’s, he knew how instinctively protective his older brother was of him. But when he looked up, he recognised only Dean.
“So, is that an agreement then?” Mary asked, “you’re all going to go to school tomorrow?”
“I’m sorry,” Gabriel said, “assignments galore.”
Dean frowned, “it’s a bit hard to ignore someone when they have you pinned against a locker and are about to punch your face in.”
Dean looked at him, happy to make him smile, “I was kidding so don’t tell your brother alright? I just wanted to see you smile.”
“There’s no way you guys are going back now,” Dean muttered angrily, “that bitch is crazy.”
Dean was getting a book from his locker when Castiel turned up behind him with a note. Dean opened it up to read it.
He got out his books for Math and English and muttered something about how they should be doing homework, Castiel nodded and got out his own books, but he couldn’t help but feel a little sour for not being invited to talk within Dean’s rant.
“How about you come over to mine tonight?” Dean asked, “You can stay over. I have plenty of room in my room for an extra bed.”
Castiel didn’t know whether it was intended to be a joking offensive question or a literal one, but he answered anyway, writing the name down on his arm in pen.
The evil eye returned as she shoved the books at him. He tried to give her his own best evil eye before turning around and exiting the library.
“Yes Miss Rice?” he asked, his voice wavering only slightly.
(***)
“Mom adopted her,” Dean said with a small shrug, like it happened every day, “she lost her mother and her father and well...she needed a home,” he answered, “she’s been living here for about two months now. Mom loves her.”
This was the type of family he wanted. Not some, egomaniac of a mother who loved only herself and no one else.
By one in the morning, Dean knew most of the main phrases when it came to American Sign Language. He just wasn’t fast with his hand movements like Castiel, Gabriel and Michael were. He wondered how long it had taken them all to learn, and their mother- he assumed their mother had learned how to sign as well. She needed to; her son couldn’t talk, so it was only right that she did.
Dean rolled his eyes in the kitchen, “we’re not even poor.”
He sighed and sat down on the couch and tried not to look grumpy and uncomfortable. Michael was at the far back of the lounge room, scanning the bookshelves for something to read. Mary had a massive book collection, that probably rivalled that of the library not too far from here, and it was all fiction; minus a few nursing books here and there.
(***)
Castiel shook his head.
The door opened slowly and Sam popped his head into the room, looking at Dean with curiosity, “what are you doing up so late?” he asked, looking at the time on the alarm clock next to Dean’s bed.
MUTED
Without motioning or signing anything, Castiel leaned in and hugged Dean tightly. The other boy instantly started rubbing his back soothingly as he began to make weird sobbing noises that didn’t even sound human.
Dean looked rather speechless, “well...that sucks...” he bit his lip, “my mom likes you guys, and she adopted Charlie and Adam so...”
Later on they picked out a movie; separate bowls of popcorn going around the room, Castiel shared his with Dean who was too engrossed in the movie to really eat all that much of it, so it may as well have been Castiel just eating it all by himself.
“Oi!”
(***)
He heard whispering, he saw hands grabbing at him, felt a knife pressed against his throat, felt his back against the cold tile of a floor, he heard rushing water, he heard evil laughter, maniac even. He saw cold piercing eyes, the colour kept changing between blue and red and black. He felt his stomach drop.
“I wish there was something else I could do,” Mary muttered, packing her handbag after pulling it apart, looking for her cell.
, he signed, forgetting that Dean wasn’t fluent with sign language yet.
their mother asked impatiently. Castiel hoped she wasn’t in some sort of meeting.
Dean rolled his eyes at his brother before closing the book and holding the cover towards Sam for him to see, “sign language,” he said, “I want to learn how to speak to Cas in a way he’s comfortable,” he put the book down, “it must be a pain in the ass writing me notes all the time.”
He started to undress, taking off his scarf first. It felt nice to have breathing room around his neck; it felt like the air was licking at that sensitive, scarred piece of skin. He slowly began to peel off his clothes, the skin where the gravy was spilled feeling a little warmer than the rest of his skin as it was exposed to the cool air around him. He got into the shower, happy to realise it was the same as his own.
He looked down; Sam was standing behind him carrying textbooks once again. He didn’t know why he needed so many – the classes he had didn’t require any and they were harder than what Sam was taking.
(***)
“Yeah?” he asked, looking nervously towards the door.
“He’s awake!”
It was his first day and he was late for his first class and he’d been late for roll call. Today was not a good day.
I HAVE DECIDED THAT THIS FANFICTION IS GETTING ONE LAST CHAPTER.
“He loves it when I tease him!” Gabriel exclaimed, beginning to shrug his shoulders repetitively, like an upward shimmy, “am I doing it right Cassie?” he asked, shrugging his shoulders, “am I doing the Castiel?”
“Mom, it’s me, Gabriel,” he said, “if you actually bothered to check the caller I.D you would know that,” he said, rolling his eyes at Castiel who smiled.
“Of course,” Dean muttered, “can’t forget the limited good things that have happened in the face of religion, for the pure selfish reason that everyone wants to go to heaven when they die.”
It took a while, but eventually the sound of someone clearing their throat reached Castiel’s ears, and Gabriel’s voice followed.
“Have some pancakes!” Mary said, putting some more on the stack that was sitting in the middle of the table. Charlie instantly went and grabbed the top one, lathering syrup onto it, “sorry Cas,” she said, cheerfully, “I like them fresh out of the pan!”
The phone began to ring, and when he heard his mother pick it up and answer he had never felt more relieved.
“Science,” Dean said with a sad look. It was the only class, other than Castiel’s electives, that he didn’t have with Dean. He had it with no one he knew, which bugged him, because he could have really used the company right now.
“How was your day?”
, Castiel,” Michael asked, a supportive smile on his face.
“Alright, sounds good to me.”
“He’s a piece of shit,” Michael said, “ignore him.”
Castiel simply shrugged.
“You’re studying?” Sam asked, “For what?”
He noticed Gabriel go pale, which was a rare occurrence, so when Dean noticed he instantly began to panic, “what?” Dean asked, “What happened? Is it really that bad?”
He looked at Dean questioningly as Dean moved aside on his bed, “you should lay down with me.”
(***)
Castiel opened the door slowly and looked in, finding Dean in bed, awake, he grinned and slowly walked into the room, closing the door quietly behind him. He was supposed to be sleeping in Sam’s room and Michael and Gabriel were supposed to be sleeping in here. Mary had found out about the dating situation. But Michael and Gabriel had ended up swapping rooms just after Mary went to bed – saying it might be better if Castiel had warmer, more familiar company. Gabriel couldn’t help but wink when he had said that.
Castiel was sitting on top of Dean’s bed, reading one of Mary’s many books – Michael was down in the kitchen with Sam attempting to make food for everyone.
Dean rolled his eyes, “I already told you. I didn’t like what they did to you. It was unfair in so many ways.”
Castiel nodded, sitting up straight and looking at the TV. It was only the news, the same monotonous news reporter from the night they announced Lucifer’s escape, was on.
MUTED
“That’s not the point,” their mother snapped in a hushed voice, “I don’t really want to talk about my lunatic of a son, while eating my dinner.”
“Yeah,” Dean said, “I was about ninety percent sure that he wanted to be inside me because he always looked at me in a weird, sexual type way,” he said, “but like, then a few weeks after I thought I had it all figured out, he had a girlfriend so I guess I read that wrong.”
Castiel licked his lips, nervous and unsure how to respond. He’d never kissed anyone before. What if he was bad at it? What if Dean never wanted to kiss him because of it?
“Castiel!”
Mary shrugged, standing up from sitting on the edge of the bed and making her way out of the room, almost with a sadistic smirk on her face that only a mom would be able to wear without seeming like an evil bitch, “you’re the ones stayed up until one in the morning, you deal with it.”
“Physical, leave him alone Sam,” Dean muttered, not looking at Castiel.
When he was down, he looked at himself in the mirror. He looked dead tired, he knew that.
Castiel bit his lip softly, he had liked the kiss but not the words that had come after. He didn’t want Dean to feel guilty for something he couldn’t prevent. Memories began slowly coming back.
“Hey, Cas, you alright?”
Dean shrugged, “not really; the conversation itself defaces your whole opinion on religion,” he said, “and I know how much you love religion and how much is has corrupted majority of today’s society into doing idiotic things.”
Dean refrained from rolling his eyes, “I’m not in a gang ma’am. I have better dress sense.”
Sam held out his hand, shaking Castiel’s hand confidently. Castiel tried, once again, to do the same.
Gabriel turned to look at Castiel who was sitting on the couch, staring at the TV and watching the news.
“Don’t play stupid,” Gabriel groaned, “do you forget you’re gay sometimes?”
Dean scoffed, “Lucifer? I already don’t like where this is going.”
Gabriel frowned and covered the phone before asking, “What friend?”
There was something about the way Dean said that, that made Castiel feel warm and fuzzy inside. Something that slowly crawled up his arms and rushed around his chest, making his heart beat quicker. The feeling rushed through his veins and eventually flowed around his whole body, the feeling intensifying, but not to the point it was uncomfortable.
“Get in the shower,” Dean says, opening the door to the bathroom, “I’ll go get you some clothes, okay?”
“Cool,” Gabriel said, already sitting on the couch, feet propped up on the arm of the couch with the TV remote in his hand. Dean rolled his eyes and shut the front door as Castiel moved towards the lounge room to sit in the arm chair. Castiel wasn’t as comfortable making himself at home as Gabriel and Michael were, but to be fair they were friends with Dean before he was. He was secretly jealous of that fact; if he’d just gone to normal high school, he could have gone through high school with Dean. And then maybe their friendship wouldn’t be so awkward.
Castiel made a small noise in his throat, making Dean repeat the question. He got out his timetable and pointed at the first class up there.
There was banging on the door again and shouting to be let in, causing Sam to drop his bag of chips on the ground, he rolled his eyes, “someone stole your moves Dean.”
It ended up becoming a movie marathon, the time flying away from them in a way it hadn’t in ages. Mary got home and told them to go to bed at around two in the morning.
Castiel made a hurried hand movement.
MUTED
(***)
(***)
Ashton nodded, whimpering slightly. Everyone in the school was afraid of Michael. He was big a burley and not afraid to stand up for his two brothers in time of need. He’d been known for being overprotective of people he cared about since their first year of high school. Ashton was shoved against the locker again, the rest of the football team and the other students laughing at him as it happened.
“And now, you do this to me,” she said, slamming her hand down on the countertop angrily, “do you have any idea of how this may affect my reputation?”
Dean glared at him and then turned to his mother, “you should ground him.”
MUTED
Dinner that night was much less eventful for Castiel than the last one. There was no spilling of gravy all over his clothes, and this time he felt free to take off his scarf. No one stared at his scars, even his mother still did sometimes when they were eating and he had his scarf off. But nobody even gave them a second look, and not in a way that suggested everyone was avoiding looking at him, but in a way that said, ‘we don’t think you’re a freak.’
MUTED
It would actually be really interesting to read what you guys think, or hope, would happen after all of this. If you could write that down, that would be a very interesting read! :)
(***)
“Here, drink this,” Mary said, sitting down on the edge of the couch he and Dean had sat on so many times before, watching TV and holding hands. He sat up and drank some of the water, noticing how dry and chapped his lips were. He gave Mary a look of gratefulness.
“You’ve been standing in the middle of the corridor for the last five minutes,” Dean muttered. Castiel looked around at the empty corridor. Dean was right. Few students remained as well; getting extra things from their lockers for class or whatever else they were doing; finishing their cigarettes in the school bathrooms. Castiel bit his lip and looked down at the floor. He was turning into a massive mess.
It was hard getting back to sleep, because scenes from his dreams seemed to print themselves on the back of his eyelids in the impenetrable darkness. He found himself clutching at his pillow a lot, crying silently in the darkness in his room, he kept seeing things; the silhouette of a tall boy or man, moving slowly towards him, he would screw up his eyes and when he couldn’t stand keeping them shut anymore; open them and nothing would be there.
(***)
Besides, he was certain that Dean was the only one that was ever going to like him in this condition. How many people want a mute boyfriend who can occasionally make weird squawking noises?
Gabriel smiled softly, “you haven’t been sleeping well at all...do you want to talk about it?” he asked.
“And now,” Gabriel said, looking at Michael as if for permission. Michael nodded slowly and Gabriel continued, “And now...Lucifer’s broken out of the mental asylum he’s been in for the last five years.”
Castiel sat frozen, unsure of what he had done wrong.
“No,” Gabriel stopped him right there, “there is no point in devising some massive plan because it just unsettles everyone and freaks them out,” he said, “if we treat him like an unstoppable ninja then we’re going to freak out when, and if the moment comes. It’s simple – remember your exits; front door, back door, window, whatever. Just get out of the house,” he looked at Castiel and Dean as if this were the most obvious idea in the world, “I know I’m not normally the voice of reason, but it’s so goddamn obvious that even
(***)
Dean could see the scars.
“Fine; I’ll do it.”
He knew this feeling only too well, however he’d hoped he’d never have to feel it ever again. But it seemed things didn’t want to go too right for him in his short life.
He heard the muffled exclamation from the door and turned to look out the small rectangular window. Mary Winchester was standing there, looking behind her as if talking to someone else. She opened the door, and people poured inside. It took him a while to notice the faces of Dean, Sam, Michael and Gabriel.
Castiel nodded, understanding, but the worst bit was the fact that he really didn’t know.
Dean looked up, the teacher stood at the front of the class, her hands on her hips and her lips pressed together tightly, Dean’s face turned red slightly but he looked up at the teacher confidently and without fear.
“I haven’t heard any threats, there’s been nothing on the news,” Mary said, scrubbing the dishes harshly. Sam had attempted to make grilled cheese using the microwave and it hadn’t ended well, “maybe you should go back to school for a while – but if anything happens you’re back to staying home for a while.”
It startled him, remembering the details, but he felt it also put him at ease. He could remember what happened. He knew why he was in here, it wasn’t going to constantly be asking about what happened to him and nobody would be denying him the answers, like what happened in some of the movies he had watched with Dean.
Dean rolled his eyes, “Charlie’s in the kitchen cooking dinner tonight and Adam is in the lounge room with Sam.”
“I’m disgusted, Castiel,” she said, clearly, her eyes shining with disapproval, “absolutely disgusted. After everything I have done for you – bought you food, given you shelter, even when you look like a freak-.”
Dean chuckled softly, “someone’s going through their rebellious stage a little bit early.”
As soon as they got home, Mary was all over Castiel, wrapping him up in a blanket despite the fact that he was wearing his trench coat again and making him sit on the couch with promises of whatever hot beverage he preferred. He went for a cup of tea, because it felt like the perfect time for one. Coffee would just worsen his anxiety.
sleep,” another cackle, “TTYL, Castiel. Keep an eye open,” the breathing continued, “or I’ll rip them both out,” Lucifer said darkly, before hanging up the phone.
“Talk faggot!” Ashton Moseby said, slamming Castiel into the locker yet again, “we all know it’s an act you filthy-.”
When it did open, Dean practically body checked Mary in order to get to Castiel. He ran straight to the couch and hugged Castiel tightly, almost making water spill everywhere, “you’re okay!” he exclaimed, “what the fuck happened?!” he asked, his voice cracking and going up a few octaves. He heard Gabriel whisper behind Dean, looking at Michael with amusement as he whispered the word “testi-pop.”
Mary frowned worriedly about the situation, “then we need to call the police,” she said, “he’s an escape mental patient; he could hurt anyone, not just Castiel.”
“Studying,” was all Dean said, looking back down at the book he was reading and trying to bend his fingers the right way to sign
“She’s in on it,” Michael said, “she’s in with Lucifer – they want to kill Castiel.”
(***)
“What the hell-?”
“You’ll be fine,” Dean said confidently, but Castiel could see the doubt in the other boy’s eyes. He could read Dean like a book, one that he had already read several hundred times.
He felt a hand land on his shoulder and he turned around quickly. Dean was standing there, looking at him with a mixture of confusion and worry.
“Mr Winchester.”
Castiel looked up from the crappy hospital sandwich that was made in front of him. You’d think after all the jokes made in books and sitcoms; they’d really attempt to make the food better. Dean was standing in the door way, smiling down at him, wearing a hooded jumper and some jeans, not exactly date clothing but he would do anything to get out of this goddamn room.
Through-out the rest of the school day Castiel couldn’t help but feel excited. In Science, he couldn’t seem to concentrate. He didn’t know why but he couldn’t just stop thinking about going over to Dean’s for the night. Castiel wasn’t used to having friends, so he assumed that was what was different. He actually had a friend and he seemed pretty loyal about his friendship towards Castiel.
“I don’t understand why you kept him,” the male voice said, “He’s a freak.”
The cafe near the school is where they ended up. People were sitting around them, chatting as if nothing bad had ever happened in their lives, which was a much better surrounding, than say, a hospital, where some people were given life and others were slowly dying.
“Are you kidding?” Dean asked, standing up and looking at the teacher incredulously, “the whole game of heaven and hell is practically a golf metaphor,” he said, “the one with the least amount of sins wins and they go to heaven while the other goes to hell and gets mocked by the rest of the players that have lost the game.”
“Nothing,” Dean said, “we went to get food.”
Castiel gave Gabriel a sign even Dean could understand.
(***)
Everyone pulled up chairs and started talking casually, as if they were all in Dean’s room on their bean bags – it almost felt normal. He simply listened – he didn’t feel like he could sign fast enough for the conversation, but it felt good to see them looking happy, whether it was acting or not.
Talking and eating at the same time was a talent of Gabriel’s, most of the time it didn’t even sound like there was food in his mouth.
Anyway, I feel like I should add that when I write young Lucifer, I always picture him as Evan Peters...x'D
Castiel began to cry, his eyes burning and his tears rolling slowly down his cheeks.
He knocked on the science class room door and entered when someone eventually opened it - hoping that the class would be interesting enough to distract him.
, Castiel asked,
Dean closed the door behind the both of them and pulled Castiel into the middle of the room by grabbing and holding both of Castiel’s hands in his. He smiled softly at him, before muttering something that Castiel didn’t quite hear. He cocked up a brow, trying to let Dean know he hadn’t heard.
, Castiel signed, noticing that Dean was watching his hands move as well.
He asked, writing down his question on a piece of paper and shoving it Dean’s way.
Castiel felt that last bit of negativity fly off his shoulders. He breathed in deeply and sighed with satisfaction. It made his heart soar.
“You’re going to be okay,” Dean said, giving him a loving smile whilst rubbing Castiel’s knuckles with the pad of his thumb.
He could see Castiel’s face go red;
Castiel looked up confused.
“I don’t understand,” Dean muttered, “why didn’t you guys take Michael’s car to school today?” he asked.
“Are you okay?” she asked slowly. Castiel nodded, “good,” she said, “So, you two can explain to me why you’re in here Castiel,” he said, looking between Castiel and Dean.
Castiel shrugged.
(***)
Castiel was shocked to find that he was agreeing mentally with everything Dean was saying.
Charlie, Adam and Sam ended up coming home at one thirty in the afternoon, carrying bags of groceries in and asking everyone to help. Castiel was more than happy to, putting things in cupboards as Adam pointed out which things went where, though every time he saw Dean filling a cupboard or chucking a spare bag in the bin, his mind seemed to die. Until Adam had to shake him awake from whatever day dream he’d been about to have.
He heard footsteps come up behind him and immediately regretted sitting in a place where someone could easily creep up behind him. His breathing became heavy and in pants, the palm of his hands began to sweat, and he felt arms wrap around his body again.
? Castiel signed, looking at Dean’s face. Dean simply shrugged and bit into a sandwich he’d gotten from the snack bar, “I kind of do,” he said, “he seems nice, but I can’t trust him – he could easily hurt my mom.”
“No publicity is bad publicity,” Michael said, imitating a squeaky tone which Dean assumed was an imitation of their mother.
“Alright, deal,” Gabriel said, “I’ll go with him tonight with Michael and we’ll all stay there. You’re right; it will be a bonding activity.”
He headed off to his class as quickly as he could. He couldn’t stand to look at Dean’s worried glance. It put him on edge - it made him realize that he was foolish for believing that everything was okay. That it was only just the other’s trying to make him feel better about the situation.
“My name is Dean Winchester,” he said, holding out his hand for Castiel to shake. Castiel shook it, remembering what his mother said about how unappealing floppy fish handshakes are.
“Dean Winchester.”
(***)
Castiel shrugged in response to his mother’s repetitive question. It was the same thing she asked every afternoon, even when he was in the special school. It was the only sign that she gave some sort of a damn about her children; that they weren’t just her trophies to make her look like a better person.
His mother had never really been a mother, well. She wasn’t born to be the perfect mother. She was mainly overly invested in her business; a publishing branch. Everything else was considered unimportant.
Castiel nodded with a small smile; he would have done that even if his life wasn’t in danger.
“And that’s why he has those horrible scars,” Michael muttered, “and why he’s mute.”
“No need,” Mary said, sitting down to eat while Sam grabbed knives and forks and Dean some plates and bowls for all the Chinese food, “your reward for helping put away the groceries when you didn’t have to.”
Castiel walked through the front doors that morning with Dean, Sam, Michael and Gabriel all following right behind him. He felt like he had his own army – that he was safe. And normally the school wasn’t that lack on security...was it?
I love you all x
Castiel nodded and shook the hand that was offered to him. So this was Chuck, the godsend. He was wearing the same uniform Mary would wear when coming home from work. So, Chuck was a nurse as well it seemed.
“I’m not hungry anymore,” he heard his mother say, the legs of her chair scraping against the tiled floor. Castiel got up quickly, trying not to make any noise as he rushed to his room. He closed the door softly, hoping that his mother hadn’t heard. He heard hushed voices and then eventually footsteps coming up the stairs, but there was nothing more than that. His mother hadn’t heard him, but he had heard all.
“Goodbye, Castiel.”
Which, now that he began recognising his surroundings, wasn’t too far away. He took a left turn into their street and slowly made their way towards their house which wasn’t far from the other end of the street. When he finally got to the front of his house, there was an alarm going off inside.
These were the moments he wished he could talk. Mutter a silent sorry and then walk off, leave Dean abandoned in the school corridor. He couldn’t do this now.
“I made sure you went to a hospital, rather than a jail,” their mother said softly, “Lucifer, please.”
(***)
She didn’t respond as she took the books from his grasp and went towards her computer.
(***)
It was cold, but he refused to pick up the jacket again.
(***)
Gabriel glared at him, but Castiel let out a little choked laugh. They all started laughing, from a mixture of relief and amusement.
Castiel was sitting by himself, on the ground, near the trash cans in the cafeteria. He had nowhere to go; he couldn’t find Michael or Gabriel anywhere; so he sat alone.
The beanbags were replaced with the floor and some sleeping bags. Sleeping sitting up all the time wasn’t good for them all and their backs anyway.
- promise.”
Dean stood there for a moment, with a blank look.
“Cas?”
Dean sighed and turned to look at Castiel with a sombre look, “I punched Ashton in the face after what he did to you. I broke his nose. I was in the principal’s office at recess and they were deciding what to do with me.”
Dean hastily got out of the car and ran towards the front door of the house, Sam not too far behind him; he hastily thrust his key into the door lock and unlocked it before rushing it. He smelled smoke and rushed towards the kitchen where Gabriel and Castiel were trying their best to get the smoke alarms to shut off. There was no fire; there was nothing that even resembled a flame.
“You know, I like you,” Dean said, his face going slowly red, “like...” he looked down at his hands in embarrassment. Castiel waited, his confusion only growing.
Mary still looked uncertain, but she grabbed a notepad and began writing down a bunch of numbers, “here are your emergency numbers-.”
The TV stayed off for the rest of the night.
Castiel was tempted to roll his eyes. What else was he supposed to say? His mother didn’t give up enough of her time to even bother learning how to sign, unlike his brother’s who had been more than happy to learn for his benefit. But his mother wouldn’t understand a thing he said. So shrugging was all he had to show his mother how indifferent he was about his first day of school.
(***)
MUTED
Castiel shrugged. He felt too lazy to bend down and get a note of paper from his bag and to get a pen out as well. He was shocked to find that Dean had one already ready.
Castiel signed.
Gabriel grinned, “if Lucifer is going to pop up, it better happen now.”
(***)
Castiel shrugged and reached around for a notepad – Dean handed him one and a pen before he could even sign and ask for one. He nodded at him in thanks and started to write hastily on it.
Dean rolled his eyes, “so...nothing interesting, then?”
“Alright,” Dean said hastily, turning his back to Castiel and looking out the far window, “goodnight Castiel.”
The TV was shut off before the rest of the sentence could come out of the reporter’s mouth. Dean held the remote in his slightly shaky left hand. But it was too late.
“I don’t know how much time you can take off school,” Mary said, nibbling at her lower lip worriedly, “Dean, Sam, I think you’re safe to go...” she still looked nervous, uncertain about her decision, “he shouldn’t know what you look like. Gabriel and Michael however...”
Dean sighed, but said nothing more of an argument.
After a long talk with Gabriel, he had to admit he felt better even though he still hadn’t told him that he knew about Lucifer and how he was out. He couldn’t bring himself to even when Gabriel had been adamant about knowing. But just talking about things like school, even Gabriel’s music had helped him calm down.
He made his way back to his room at five in the morning, feeling calm enough now that he could sleep peacefully until he had to wake up for school, which he really wasn’t looking forward to. But it was a normal dreading, not so much fear anymore.
Castiel was already exhausted.
Gabriel smirked;
The sound of Dean’s shoes on the carpet matched the speed of his beating heart; he wiped his hands on his jeans, hoping against hope that the sweat left no dark smudges on his clothing that would be noticeable to Dean. Dean turned around, frowning when he noticed that Castiel had stopped walking.
Michael punched Gabriel in the arm, making the boy curse aloud. But Castiel preferred that Gabriel didn’t sugar coat that Castiel had gone to a mental school. He made it out to be funny, which Castiel felt was better than pretending it had never happened. He also made jokes about Castiel’s throat being slit, which made the situation also easier to deal with.
“Hello little brother,” Gabriel said, standing in front of Castiel’s locker with a smirk on his face, he turned to look at Dean, “hello cradle snatcher.”
He took something out of his pocket and Castiel forced himself to look down and see what it was, it seemed to take forever for his head to tip down and finally focus on what looked like a box cutter, black and yellow, in the man’s hand.
He turned back towards his bed and lay down on it.
That made Castiel pause; it was true, he hadn’t corrected Dean at all, but he hadn’t been in a good condition. He hadn’t been thinking like that back then. But thinking about it – did he really consider the place he went to most days after school, ate, and slept, home?
Castiel nodded slowly.
“Castiel - kitchen, now”
“Shut your Aussie talk and pay attention,” Dean muttered, “Really? Do you want to do remedial English again?”
Lucifer slowly started creeping forward and in a panic, Castiel stupidly pushed himself into the corner of a cubicle, trying not to fall over the toilet. Lucifer was in front of him, the blade of the box cutter slowly lifting and pressing into the skin of his throat.
Castiel wanted to hang up, but he couldn’t. All of his limbs remained frozen in their place, in fear. He could feel his body shaking and his breaths getting harsher. His brain felt dead.
Castiel nodded, he trusted Dean.
Multiple times the Science teacher snapped at him to pay attention but after a few minutes Castiel would go back and enter his usual stupor.
“What happened?” Michael asked, looking irritated.
“Do you have any homework to catch up on?” his mother asked him kindly. He nodded.
“I really, really like you.”
There was a certain amount of friendly warmth he felt in his home that he had never felt in his own – a feeling of actually being a part of a family. He could smell what appeared to be pancakes, something his mother had never cooked him or his brothers – the sugar wasn’t good for them and she couldn’t deal with either hyper or overweight children. He’d had pancakes before – Michael had cooked them once when their mother wasn’t home. He didn’t know whether it was funny or sad that Michael cooking and helping them eat through a gigantic stack of pancakes was one of their few moments of teenager and childhood rebellion.
Dean rolled his eyes and threw his pillow at him.
“Look, this won’t take long,” Lucifer muttered, “a boy saw me on the way here and he looked awfully suspicious.”
The whole situation felt surreal – like a TV show – soap opera. Something his mother would watch and then complain about the falseness of it all, but then she refused to watch reality shows because they were mediocre and they all seemed to copy one another.
Gabriel said, pointing at Dean- though the boy didn’t seem to notice even though he was watching Gabriel’s hands move.
He wanted to call the police, tell them where Lucifer might be. But what if he was wrong? He would be embarrassed and the police officers might think he was lying to them. That it was simply a prank.
Dean stood up and walked towards Castiel, holding out a hand to help him up from his seat. Castiel could feel his face burning with embarrassment as he latched onto Dean’s hand and let himself be pulled out of his seat and directed toward the bathroom.
Castiel shrugged and wrote;
Dean sighed, dug for his wallet in his pocket and handed over a five dollar bill. She gave him a form to sign and add all his details on and she quickly added him to the libraries member list before scanning the books and handing them to him.
“Are you alright, Dean?” Sam asked, looking concerned.
Castiel didn’t know how to communicate with her.
Adam looked directly at him, making Dean turn around with a shocked expression.
Michael rolled his eyes, “that’s a bit of an over-exaggeration but I agree with you.”
When Castiel had been thirteen and some people within the special school had started dating, he had once tried to ask a girl out named Susan. She had shook her head and said that his scars were too scary. That’s when he started wearing scarves pretty much anywhere.
He paused, turning to look at Castiel who was buttoning up the top button on his jeans, Dean sighed and shook his head regretfully, “I shouldn’t have said that. I’m sorry.”
It seemed to be taking forever, and he got a scare at around one thirty in the morning when there was a light knock on his door.
Sam and Dean went to school, not without complaint, and Michael and Gabriel spent the time attempting to help Mary any way they possibly could before she had to go to work.
Castiel nodded and made his way to the desk where the teacher had pointed. On the way members of the class continued to give him weird looks; already he was known as the freak and he’d only been here for a few seconds. Mental mute was whispered around the room. Oh how he wished he could tell them otherwise in a way they could understand; at least not without getting back to the front of the room and writing it on the white board.
Castiel shook his head politely and decided to have his pancake plain. Sam simply shrugged but didn’t move the plate back towards him.
“You need to join the library before you can borrow those books,” she said, “with five dollars you can get your own card and an unlimited borrowing limit.”
Gabe laughed and Dean looked at the two of them in confusion.
They were all sitting in Dean’s room again in beanbags. Castiel was reading Dean’s bunch of sign language books, Michael was trying to beat Dean’s high score on some video game that they’d found behind the TV, and Gabriel was looking through Dean’s CDs.
“Like a date?” Gabriel asked, “go mama Winchester!” he exclaimed, throwing a fist into the air.
He was mute.
Understanding dawned on his English teachers face, “ohh...why didn’t you say so, son?”
His brother’s apologised for not telling him; and Castiel explained that he already knew and realistically he had no reason to carry on like that; they were just trying to protect him. They ended up hugging him and sitting down with him in the lounge room while he drank his tea.
“She hasn’t got work tomorrow, she’s meeting some guy.”
Castiel felt his eyes widen.
It made him feel like he was Dean Winchester’s, that he belonged to him in a way he’d been told nobody else had. But it was an unequal ownership – he owned Dean too.
“We were going to ask whether we could stay for a while.”
He turned to the right and went out the front door; he needed air.
Castiel smacked his arm.
Castiel just gave Sam a grim look as the boy nodded and went back to eating his food, almost looking disappointed at the fact that Castiel wasn’t mentally mute.
Sam was sitting in the lounge room now, looking calm although heavily amused, “I don’t think I’m comfortable leaving you alone in the house – next time we come back we might not have a house.”
Castiel looked at the far wall where nobody was standing, though he could say Gabriel’s smirk in the corner of his eye and Michael crossing his arms slightly, trying to look like he hadn’t agreed to Castiel staying in here with Dean.
“You have school tomorrow,” Mary said harshly, sounding a little tired herself, “go to bed.”
“You’re in a good mood this morning, Cassie,” Gabriel said, pouring himself juice – which was a shock to Castiel who normally saw Gabriel drinking straight out of the carton, “no shrug dance for me today?” he asked, shrugging repetitively – he almost looked like he was going to have a fit.
Castiel shrugged and signed
I'm actually really starting to enjoy writing this fic. So. Yeah. That's why updates are coming quicker.
Castiel slowly sat up and tried to step around his brother’s bodies, he felt he stepped on Michael’s hand at one point, but his older brother simply grunted and curled in tighter on himself, snoring a little in an attempt to get back to sleep.
Castiel signed, sighing dejectedly.
“Pretty much,” Gabriel said, “So, what did you two get up to?” he asked, raising his eyebrows insinuatingly. He did this every time Dean and Castiel snuck off together, but admittedly the most they’d ever gotten up to was making out in the school toilets, sharing a cubicle. Not exactly the dream make-out spot, but you weren’t allowed to in the hallways.
CHAPTER TWENTY
It felt good to be alive.
“Because,” Mary mumbled, “I’m your mother.”
“Are you okay?” Dean asked, “Do you want me to put a light on or something?” he asked.
(***)
She sighed, “really Dean?” Mary asked, sounding defeated, “why can’t you eat like a normal human being?”
The book was To Kill a Mockingbird by Harper Lee; one of Castiel’s favourites.
Michael nodded and followed, “I think I would give her a four,” Michael muttered, “but then again she may surprise me.”
“Well,” Gabriel said, being pushed aside by Michael as he went to the fridge to pour himself a glass of orange juice, “there was a fight between the Stoll brothers, Jim and Nathan,” he said, “and any fight between the Stoll’s is a fight worth watching,” he then glared at Michael, “except Mr Self-Righteous here decided to get a teacher and break the event of the year up.”
Dean didn’t know what was worse, a look of shock or betrayal or Castiel’s look of non-astonishment. It spoke lengths about the treatment the boy had suffered in his reasonably short life. Castiel felt around behind him for a chair and sat down at the kitchen table, but that was all he did. He sat there and signed nothing, he didn’t look disappointed, shocked, betrayed, anything, just a blank gaze, slowly followed by a small shrug.
Michael rolled his eyes, “someone could have seriously gotten hurt, you know what the Stoll brothers are like-.”
While he wasn’t too sure what his opinion of Dean Winchester was yet, he was happy to get off the dirty cafeteria floor and follow Dean towards his table of friends. When he got there, he was surprised to his brother, Gabriel there.
Chapter Nineteen
“Castiel, this is Sam, Sam, Castiel,” he said, making hand movements everywhere that made Castiel dizzy almost.
“Also, Michael and Gabriel went home to get some of your things for the night,” Sam said, “and to tell your mom what happened at school.”
“What would you do if he suddenly turned up?” Dean asked, “I know you probably don’t want me to ask such things, but you need a plan.”
“Castiel Novak?”
“Yeah, well,” Dean muttered, seeming to understand, “I like you. In a romantic way.”
He walked out the front door, where Michael was sitting in his car, Gabriel sitting next to him in the front seat; they both looked excited, while Castiel was freaking out. He walked towards the car and got into the back seat, throwing his bag in there in front of him before he got in. The car was playing some hippie rock song that Castiel had never heard. Castiel was more into classical music. It helped him breathe.
They got to school a little late, Dean a little peeved because Gabriel had spilled coffee inside of his car.
MUTED
(***)
Dean shrugged, “we’ll be fine,” he said casually, almost as if he were talking about the weather. Mary sighed, rolling her eyes at Dean before shrugging the straps of her back onto her shoulder, “seriously, we will,” Dean said, trying to sound confident, “we’re tough.”
“Radical,” he said slowly, “now you can get out of public speaking.”
“You should go for a shower,” Mary said, “after you finish dinner. Dean will show you where the bathroom is and you can borrow some of his clothes; you look about the same size.”
“You know we won’t let him hurt you, right?” Dean asked Castiel, looking at him with still a tiny hint of concern.
Michael grabbed Castiel by the arm of his jacket and pulled him out of the ring, Dean hastily following them as they made their way out of the hallway and out of the school building.
Mary had to restrain herself not to slam the phone down angrily.
(***)
Dean came up in front of him and sat on the cold, wet grass. He smiled up at Castiel and grabbed each of Castiel’s hands, “I don’t know how you deal with it,” he said, rubbing a thumb across his right hand. Castiel’s cheeks felt warm and he didn’t know whether it was because of the close proximity and the sign of affection, or because his palms were sweaty and Dean would be feeling the sweat on the pad of his thumb.
“What did you guys burn in here?” Mary asked as she opened the door, holding some grocery bags. Chuck came in behind her, carrying a little more than Mary was and looking a little tired.
His food remained on his desk, going cold, and his homework remained unfinished.
Dean’s face was red, but he sat down, his tray of food sitting in front of him. There was an empty seat next to Dean, which he tapped lightly, indicating that Castiel should sit there. He nodded and sat down hurriedly. His brother was in front of him, smiling, “so, how’s the first day been so far?” he asked.
Dean shrugged, “it honestly isn’t anything flashy,” he muttered, “you can’t actually leave the hospital in your condition, but...” he flashed a smile, “you’ll see, okay?”
Dean hadn’t been around for recess, and that worried Castiel slightly, but he was sure the boy would turn up in English; he never skipped classes and he had already been told by some girl in Dean’s class, Ashley that Dean was at school today. As he headed towards his English class, he eyed the line from the door and found Dean in the middle of it. He walked towards him and stood next to him, ignoring everyone’s conversation around him. He got out a slip of paper and was about to write something, using the palm of his left hand as a table, but Dean put his hand on top of the note, therefore on top of Castiel hand and shook his head, “later,” he whispered, “when we’re in class.”
“He’s not that sensitive,” Gabriel said, sounding a little irritated, “besides, I know the guy, he’s really nice. Who? Dean. You know Dean! The Winchester with the kid brother; the one you thought would grow up to be handsome. Yes, the handsome one with the future handsome brother,” Gabriel rolled his eyes again and Castiel made a choked sound of laughter. It was the only sound he could make, and it sounded horrible. He looked around; making sure no one else had heard him. His choked laughter was one of his insecurities.
But now, he was back, walking through the halls and it was like nothing had even happened, minus the fact that the football team gave him weary glances as he walked past their locker section. When Ashton turned around, he had a broken nose, stitches and tape visibly trying to hold everything together. Castiel couldn’t help but smirk at that; he wondered which of his brother’s had done it.
Castiel shrugged with a grin on his face.
Castiel turned around and glared at his brother, Gabriel, as he walked into the kitchen with that cocky strut that he always seemed to do. His whole personality was cocky and obnoxious seeming, but really Gabriel was a nice person...occasionally.
“Family is a lot more important than one day of missed classes,” Sam said, continuing to pull Dean towards the library by his hand, “now, come on, library – now.”
“We didn’t want Sam to hear,” Michael muttered, “it’s up to you whether or not you want him to know about what’s going on.”
Michael sighed and pressed pause on the game control and turned to face Dean, “well, our mother cares way too much about her reputation as a person to even consider being a parent. We’re just her trophies; something to show that she doesn’t just focus on her career- but that’s still all she does. But everyone just assumes that because we’re well clothed, good looking, thin but well fed, etc. That she’s taking care of us the way a decent parent should.”
“Leave school,” Sam said, “just go home.”
Castiel woke up panting heavily and drenched in his own cold sweat. He looked at the time; it was two in the morning, much to his disappointment. For the last few nights, his usually peaceful nights had been plagued with horrific nightmares; all involving Lucifer, his older brother.
“Someone just called the phone in my office looking for you,” he said, “come here please.”
Castiel had tried to act normal for the last few weeks, but every time he turned a corner he expected Lucifer to be there, waiting for him, knife ready, aimed perfectly at his throat. Also when he was walking he would look behind him every few seconds, just to make sure he wouldn’t sneak up from behind and get him. But Lucifer was a no show.
Dean wasn’t afraid of his scars.
Castiel wasn’t too sure.
Castiel asked, rolling his eyes,
Dean moved his lips away from his, making Castiel groan with disappointment. Then he felt Dean’s lips move onto his neck, brushing against the scarred skin softly, as if he were afraid of hurting Castiel. Castiel grabbed the back of Dean’s hair, tugging softly, and pushing his own head back, exposing his neck to Dean in a way he’d never done so before.
Michael smiled, “we’ll pay you back,” he said, his voice filled with sincerity.
“Castiel,” Dean said, “he’s nice, don’t worry.”
“Still betting they’re ghosts.”
Dean rolled his eyes and shoved Gabriel back into the locker playfully, “did I miss anything this morning?”
EYYYY
He went towards the non-fiction section and went into Languages. There were multiple books on Chinese, Japanese, Italian, German and even Klingon, which didn’t make sense to Dean at all because the show the language came from was fictional. He rolled his eyes and continued forward until he found a bunch of books.
He knocked quietly on Gabe’s door, hoping he would be able to hear it. He would probably wake his mother up if he knocked too loudly and the last thing he wanted was to be sent to his room again when he’d just had the courage to leave it.
Castiel went to hand him a note, but he just shook his head, “I said, name. Not note; so give me your name.”
When the class had finally settled and the teacher began to talk, Dean writing down everything on the board, Castiel noticed bruises on Dean’s knuckle. He got out his slip of paper again and quickly wrote out the question he was dying to ask and pushed it over to Dean’s desk.
Castiel tried to make an ‘mmm’ sound, but it sounded croaky and distorted. But Dean seemed to get the point anyway.
I re-read the first chapter and realised I really despised my writing style in this. So, I've started re-writing this fanfiction. I hope to post the new chapters soon! Stay tuned.
Kissing was slowly becoming one of Castiel’s favourite things to do. It was weird how suddenly it had turned from ‘thing he had never done before’ to ‘thing he always wanted to do.’
Gabriel went back to the phone and listened to his mother’s response.
“So, what’s going on?” he asked, “is it school that’s bothering you?”
Castiel nodded and smiled at her politely, and signed
Besides, he was sure Lucifer was much stronger than him. Maybe not mentally but at least physically; he’d be able to pin him to his bed and slit his throat in two seconds, and if he was sober he’d have even more of a chance to get the job done. If he was drunk though, Castiel still wouldn’t have a chance in hell to save himself.
Dean, Michael and Gabriel were all awake and sitting up in the beanbags in Dean’s room, covered in blankets. Dean stopped the video game they were playing in order to ask the question.
(***)
I'm sorry it took forever to upload but my mental health has been terrible recently. This is the last chapter of the fanfiction and I made sure it was nice, big, and hopefully detailed enough. Admittedly, I left the end of the chapter with someone talking and without the hints of their future. But it's up to you what happened after that.
“But-”
He crawled into bed, but left the lamp light on his desk on; he wasn’t all that comfortable yet and he didn’t want to ruin his calm by seeing things in the dark again.
“Are you ready for your first day of your
Castiel shook his head wearily and pointed towards the front of the class, where his name and issue was still on the board for everyone to see.
Dean came down into the kitchen not long after, taking a pancake off of the middle plate and smothering it with jam before stuffing at least half of it into his mouth. Mary turned around at just the right time to catch him doing so and looked at him with dismay.
Dean smiled, “and yet you didn’t correct me anyway...” he muttered, “funny that.”
Castiel bit his lip lightly, he didn’t really know whether he wanted to tell Gabriel, because this could end up going two ways;
“Third,” Dean answered, “he’s trying to recruit me onto the school’s football team and he thinks if he keeps giving me As for doing shit all, I’ll agree to being on the team.”
Castiel continued to ignore the quiet conversation that happened between Dean and James, which was slowly turning into some quiet debate. He focused on the board and got his book when they were all asked to grab one from the front of the class. Dean only got up after he noticed that Castiel had gotten up.
numbers!”
He nodded, his eyes beginning to burn again. He buried his face into Dean’s shoulder. The boy sighed and ran a hand through his hair, making Castiel slowly calm down, “sucks,” he muttered, tiredly, “I’m glad my mother isn’t like that. I mean, she does have two gay children.”
“Yeah,” Dean muttered, looking down at the tile floor of the school hall, “I’m alright.”
He was sitting at lunch, next to Dean, trying hard not to turn his head and just stare at the boy as he ate, when Gabriel sat down and started signing at him.
“Come on, we’re going on a date.”
When he’d found out he was Gabriel’s brother? He didn’t know how he’d felt; like he couldn’t approach the boy anymore; that there was some rule amongst siblings. You couldn’t be friends with both of them. Or flirt with one of them. Dating your best friend’s brother was a common cliché amongst the girls of the school – though he personally hadn’t heard of many boys doing it.
Castiel sat at the top of the stairs; he’d already taken his dinner to his room and left it there, where it was probably now lukewarm seeing as he had been served before everyone else. He heard the clinking of knives and forks against each other and the china plates, but no conversation.
“We’re not allowed to have so many people in here at a time,” Mary muttered quietly, glaring at the four boys, “so behave and it won’t be a problem, understand?”
“I don’t think I even want to know,” Mary muttered tiredly, rubbing her hand across her face.
Castiel looked up to see Dean standing in front of him. He’d been so distracted; he hadn’t even noticed the boy walking closer towards him.
“I...uh”
“Castiel isn’t here.”
Something that Castiel didn’t know about Dean was that Dean had his own car. It had come as a shock when they had walked out of the school building, and instead of heading towards the bus stop, Dean had taken him into the car park and towards an old Chevrolet Impala 67’, the black beauty shining brightly in the sunlight.
(***)
He had a point.
“Nine,” Michael corrected him.
Dean’s eyes widened ever further than they had before, which Castiel hadn’t thought was possible.
Castiel nodded slowly, still looking at the man behind Mary who gave him a grim smile, “hi,” he said, as Mary went up to get Castiel a drink of water, “my names Chuck.”
“Cas...CAS!”
Sam rolled his eyes, “drama queen.”
A younger boy, maybe three years younger than Dean, walked towards them carrying a food tray. He gave Castiel a weird look and changed his course, sitting down next to Gabriel.
He slowly sat up in his bed, now three in the morning, petrified that a hand may reach out, grab him and pull him underneath the bed; he jumped into the middle of the room making sure to leave a decent bit of room between the floor near his bed, and himself. He made his way out into the hallway; he could hear music coming from Gabe’s room; he had insomnia and spent majority of the time awake listening to music and doing his assignments. Michael didn’t mind the music, he’d gotten used to it, and so had Castiel. His mother slept downstairs in the master bedroom- not able to hear it at all.
The big issue was telling Dean that if Castiel came over, he wouldn’t be the only one coming over. But, he knew Gabriel and Dean were good friends, and that would help, but he didn’t know how Dean felt about Michael.
“You good?” Dean asked when Castiel hadn’t moved. He nodded.
“I hope soon to put you into a more
“I’ve never even met Charlie,” Gabriel said, “or Adam. Are they ghosts?”
Castiel nodded with a small frown and picked up another pancake. Once again, it felt like a little pathetic version of teenage rebellion, as he stuffed it into his mouth like Dean had done.
He kept running until he felt safe.
She typed the name into the computer, but nothing came up.
Castiel ended up sitting down on a swing set near the park at the end of the street. It was cold outside; he hugged his trench coat that Gabriel had got him tighter. Then thought about how much of a traitor Gabriel was and shrugged it off and let it fall to the ground in a heap.
“So, when are you going to tell him?” Gabriel asked.
...Castiel breathed out again, his hands shaking as he tried to sign,
“Are you okay?” he asked. Castiel shrugged, it was a stupid question. Did he really look okay? But he knew Dean was trying his hardest. He tried to stand up from his seat on the couch but stumbled and almost fell into the TV.
Castiel sighed and began walking towards the car park, looking even more embarrassed than before; like a little kid really. Michael turned towards Dean, looking like a tired man who’s seen a lot of stuff, “thank you for helping my brother,” he said, “I’m sure he appreciates it.”
Castiel smiled, he was happy Mary had someone. If there was someone who deserved to be happy, it was most definitely her. The woman had practically, in a way without even mentioning it, adopted him and his brothers without a moment’s hesitation. Apparently she had been the same with Charlie and Adam.
The air seemed to disappear from the room as he felt metaphorical hands wrapped around his throat, the room around him seemed to grow darker as he felt warmth pour from his eyes and down his cheeks.
“Good idea,” Gabriel said with a smirk, “mother has always loved her publicity.”
So, I wrote most of this while at my old primary school doing work experience for the school's library. Really weird being back here to be honest.
He put the book down on the bed, looked up again only to see Sam smiling at him.
(***)
The silence continued.
“Well...” his mother stood there awkwardly for a second, before shrugging her own shoulders, as if to mock him, “alrighty then,” she said, clapping her hands together awkwardly and placing them in front of her stomach before walking away, probably to make a phone call to some important person. Castiel didn’t know and he really didn’t care.
“Anyway,” Gabriel said, getting something out of his bag, “I found something in the local cheap bin outside of that old book store you like,” he said to Castiel, throwing him a tan coloured trench coat, “you should wear it, I thought it might make you look even more dull- when you mix it with that weird blank stare thing you do to everyone who annoys you.”
Dean pushed past two of the football players and a boy from his and Castiel’s math class before pushing aside Ashton and grabbing Castiel, making Aston fall to the ground and hit his head on the metal frame of the bubbler and Castiel stand behind him, Dean adopted a protective stance as he watched Ashton slowly get up from the floor, looking pissed.
“Where was your brother today?” Michael asked, “Shouldn’t he be in here with us?”
Castiel’s eyebrows lifted up, probably hiding in his hair line as they did so.
Castiel nodded and slowly got into the other side, cautious, for some reason not to touch Dean. Getting into bed with him seemed a little more intimate, even more so than hugging and the occasional tonsil hockey, as Sam liked to call it. This seemed a lot more intimate than anything they’d ever done and Castiel hadn’t even felt their limbs touch each other yet.
Michael and Gabriel ran.
Castiel was relieved when Dean’s mother wasn’t judgemental about his lack of voice. Sam was upstairs in his room reading, but he’d come down and said ‘hi’ for a few minutes, then went back to bed, coughing as he did so.
They came back just in time for dinner and the car was in fine condition.
“Dean’s upstairs in his room if you want to talk to him,” Mary said, “If you want, I’ll make you tea or coffee?”
“This new guy she’s seeing is named Chuck,” Dean said over breakfast – he and Castiel were sitting outside of some cafe close to school. It mainly served cereal, coffees and tea. Some snack food – but at least it was good food, “she says he’s a godsend.”
He passed the note over to Dean with shaky hands, holding his breath in as his eyes scanned over Castiel’s messy writing. Dean looked up and gave him a smile, “so...you’re saying you like me?”
The coffee seemed to taste better than usual, the air seemed fresher, the grass greener. He felt more optimistic than ever.
MUTED
“Guests who owe you because you’re attempting to protect us from our psychopath of a brother,” Gabriel chimed in, “this is a little different from the regular guest situation.”
Castiel glared at his brother, his face heating up and he was sure it was slowly turning red. He glared down at his food, surprised it didn’t end up on fire.
He decided on simply shrugging again with a wicked little smirk on his face.
Castiel felt his face heat up.
Dean smiled down at the note and crumpled it in his pocket. He thought for two seconds before signing
Castiel simply nodded, looking down at the tile patterned floor.
Ashton glared at him, “bull shit!”
The next day after Gabriel, Michael and Castiel all went home, Dean went to the public library which wasn’t too far from his home. The weather was comfortable warm, so he just wore a loose shirt and a pair of jeans. Once he got in, the librarian gave him the evil eye. Dean guessed he didn’t look much like a reader.
“Nobody wants to hear your sob story Winchester!”
Dean nodded, “just a little worried is all,” he muttered, “I’ll be fine once we get back home.”
Castiel signed, trying to make sure he didn’t seemed annoyed.
He was shut up by pair of lips pressing against his own, tugging softly on the hem of his shirt, flinging a leg over Dean’s own two. Dean broke away for a second, and the tugging on his shirt became a lot more frantic. He sat up, cold rushing in as Dean took his shirt off before throwing it into a stray corner of the room. He placed his lips back onto Castiel’s, feeling his body swell with warmth.
“There you are!”
When they kissed, he would purposely take off his scarf slowly, and then when they broke apart, Dean would start softly kissing his neck. It meant a lot to Castiel; it was probably the biggest sign of all that Dean wasn’t afraid of his baggage. That he wasn’t afraid of Lucifer even though he was out.
Castiel looked up and cocked a brow.
“What, at that crappy cafe?” Gabriel asked, “I know the owner; was on the school football team three years ago. He used to be a massive dick until he had to get a testicle removed due to testicular torsion.”
Castiel simply nodded, enjoying the coolness of the room against the warmness of his cheeks. He turned to look into the mirror, and his face didn’t expose any of the embarrassment he felt. At least something was going his way.
“He’s mute,” Dean said, “so be nice to him.”
He pushed the note over to Dean, who read it with a confused look, “what night?” he asked, though his cheeks had turned a little red.
Castiel shook his head slowly,
Dean simply nodded and said, “No problem,” as he watched Michael turn around and head towards his car, where Castiel was already standing against the passenger side door, waiting to be taken home.
Who knew pancakes could give him such deep thoughts?
Dean frowned, “nah, I’m only a beginner man...”
Dean was cut off when Castiel walked forwards, flung his arms around Dean’s neck and kissed him. Dean’s eyes widened slightly, before they closed on instinct. The warm pressure of another pair of lips against his own was pure Heaven.
The captain of the football team, Ashton Moseby, had Castiel pinned against the locker and he was shouting him while repetitively slamming him into the lockers.
“You like him,” Sam said, “don’t you.”
“It’s okay,” Dean muttered, “I’d still be mad, if it were me.”
, Castiel thought to himself, smirking slightly as he opened his brown paper bag and pulled out his recess for the day.
MUTED
When Castiel got home, he went into the fridge looking for food. He hadn’t eaten much at lunch time and was starving. When he looked into the fridge, he grabbed a plate of food that hadn’t been there the night before and ate it without question.
Castiel sighed and did as he was told; wishing he’d just rebelled and stayed at Dean’s instead.
They took Michael’s car, rather than walking. It was easier. Their mother was out, working on some book with her company- trying to get some positive reviews off of big names authors, which apparently took a while to do.
He nodded and got up, letting his blanket fall to the ground. He wasn’t wearing his regular trench coat – Gabriel noticed it splayed across the back of the couch.
EPILOGUE
He smiled through-out the rest of the class.
Dean frowned, “but what about your classes?” Dean asked, sounding surprised.
Castiel couldn’t think of anything to sign, or write down, or even think. He just stared.
Dean rolled his eyes, “yeah, well-,” Dean’s red clad character turned around after the attack, kicking Gabriel’s blue clad character in the ribs and sending him down onto the floor. Gabriel pressed buttons randomly and hastily as the loud, ominous voice began counting down from ten, but his character was getting up.
And he wasn’t even scared.
“I can hear you breathing,” the voice said, “how are you dear Castiel?” the voice asked, “oh, that’s right, you can’t talk...” Castiel could hear a cackle, which set his teeth on edge, the hairs on the back of his neck stood up and his palms began to sweat nervously. He waited for the voice to continue, but the sadistic cackling went on for a while.
He sighed deeply, tried to groan, but all that came out was a weird choking noise, like food had gone down his air tube and not his food one. He wrapped his favourite scarf around his neck, despite the unbearably hot heat. It covered up the scars that Lucifer had left him with. It could make him look a little bit more normal.
Castiel had taken the time to look out the window and realized that the sun was out and shining.
Having feelings for Dean Winchester and not being able to pursue them was hard. He didn’t want to bring Dean into this whole Lucifer mess; he didn’t want Dean to get hurt either physically, or emotionally. If he just stayed away, he wouldn’t have to hurt Dean at all.
Castiel bit his lip. He hadn’t told Dean about the incident with his psychologically insane brother and the reason why he wore scarves all the time. Castiel simply shook his head and looked away, not really willing to talk about it. Not here in the cafeteria where anyone could walk past and read the notes. Besides, for such a dark subject, it seemed like the wrong background. It was too light, cheerful and innocent.
“Charlie is a lesbian,” Dean said simply, “my mother still loves her all the same as the rest of us,” he said, “then again, the amount of times she’s  gone into a patients room and the story is ‘my homophobic parent beat me up,’ she’d be stupid to not realise how wrong it is.”
(See the end of the chapter for
It was one of those types of nights, when he was seeing things that were the worst.
, Castiel signed before sitting down on the one clear spot in the room; Gabriel’s bed.
He spent a lot of time at Dean’s house and when they weren’t talking, or helping out Dean’s mom, or watching TV, listening to music, playing video games, whatever. They were kissing; and it didn’t matter who was there to witness it. His brother’s had complained many times about the openness of the two when it came to publicly displaying their affections, but Castiel was sure secretly that Michael and Gabriel were just happy that he had found someone to be like that with.
Dean drove them all back to the Winchester household, and he knew everyone was thinking the same thing – thank God nothing had happened today. That maybe Lucifer wasn’t even around. Maybe, just maybe, they were going to be okay.
Sam sighed, “Come on,” he said, grabbing Dean’s hand and pulling him, “we’re going to the library for the rest of the day. Then we can go home.”
Castiel Novak had been five years old when his twelve year old brother had started, playfully, holding a knife to his neck. He’d be asked to do things; do Lucifer’s homework, make his bed, make him a sandwich, get him a juice box.
There was a knock on the door and Dean looked up and muttered sleepily, “come in.”
But unfortunately, the happiness didn’t stay.
Dean sighed, “Let me guess, you have a hardcore Christian parent.”
A body flew past Dean’s vision and slammed into Ashton, who stumbled into the lockers, almost looking like he’d caused a small dint in the flimsy metal, “how’s it feel to be slammed against the lockers Moseby?!”
He hadn’t put his scarf back on.
“So...I have to ask; what’s with the scars?” Dean asked.
Dean watched as his mom paced back and forth in the lounge room, Sam was sitting on the couch, looking between everyone with a slight look of worry. They had told him what was going on, and that Castiel, Michael and Gabriel might need to stay for a while. Sam nodded and said he was willing to lend anyone a room.
The doorbell rand repetitively, like the person on the other side of the door was anxiously trying to get into the house. Mary sighed, muttered about something to do with Dean and went to open the door.
Gabriel sighed, “You take everything so literally.”
There was a brief silence, where all Castiel heard was the beating of his own heart in his ears, it almost blocked out the next thing someone at the table said, “I guess this is what you get for naming your son Lucifer.”
“Then...?” Gabriel smirked, “is it Dean?”
This was what a real family felt like.
“Cas?”
, Castiel wrote,
Castiel screwed up his face in empathetic pain.
“To Kill a Mockingbird, again,” Dean muttered while walking back to his seat, “we read this last year...I swear, the guy isn’t even trying anymore.”
When he got to his room, he crawled out the window and climbed down the tree outside, before making his way to Dean’s house.
“Look, you’ll just have to trust that
Dean walked down the school halls, wondering if he looked like a lost puppy. He felt like one; the school felt empty despite the three hundred other students around him. Castiel wasn’t there, and therefore the school was empty and worthless and had lost all its meaning. Most days, it was the only reason he got up in the morning and forced himself into his car. Also because Sam needed an education – he wanted to go to college, become a Lawyer. As for Dean – he’d given up ages ago. He failed most of his school tests and felt like a deadbeat. He'd only found his enthusiasm for school coming back again once Castiel had started coming.
Castiel bit his lip and lifted up the note but the man persisted to shake his head.
Castiel gave him a small bitter smile and reached across the hard wood table to get the paper and pen.
“Hello Castiel.”
“The other two plates are for Charlie and Adam,” Mary said, serving dinner. It looked excellent, steaming hot and welcoming. The last time Castiel had had a home cooked meal like this was when one of his mother’s executives had been over for dinner. That had been about three months ago. Everything was microwave done now, including some of their family meals. Like on the night he’d found out Lucifer was free.
“I suggested fly kicking it,” Gabriel said, “but Michael thought that was a bad idea.”
He turned to see Mary looking a little distressed, but happy to see him awake, “you okay honey?” she asked, “you...passed out.”
Castiel nodded, noticing a man standing behind Mary with a grim look on his bearded face.
“You’re awake,” Dean said, “are you feeling okay?”
She turned towards the rest of the class, “class dismissed,” she said, looking tired and frustrated, “go to the library and get some studying done; if you leave the school grounds I will be informed of it, I can assure you.”
When he looked down it turned out Michael and Gabriel were already up and had left the room. He briefly wondered what the two of them had thought about Castiel being in bed with Dean - being their protective selves might have taken it the wrong way.
They rushed into the kitchen, Dean following in behind them, “what the hell is going on?” he asked, starting to sound a little frustrated.
They discussed a few more things, like school. They didn’t want their grades to drop but they didn’t want to put themselves in danger either.
Dean seemed to relax, then and there, holding his hand visibly on the table and listening to all the people talk but not hearing the words.
MUTED
Dean rolled his eyes.
“She’s such a hardcore Christian freak,” he said, “even most Christian’s can see the fault in their religion through-out some aspects of History but she just makes it seem like everything is perfect and the way to be and that God can do no wrong,” Dean muttered, “Naomi Rice is probably the worst teacher I’ve ever had,
“I dropped my keys,” Dean mumbled defensively, “I panicked.”
Castiel nodded and placed the unwritten on note in his pocket, ready for later use.
One: Gabriel high fives him and congratulates him etc.
“I don’t understand why you didn’t just unlock the door with your house keys,” Sam muttered with a mouth full of chips, “you scared the crap out of everyone, including Cas, with all your banging on the door.”
Mary thrust the note toward him and Dean made a show of sighing and folding the piece of paper in half before placing it into his pocket, “alright, happy?” he asked, “will you go now?”
“I’ve been to his house before,” Gabriel said, “Dean’s mother won’t judge him at all. No. She won’t call child protective services on you,” Gabriel sighed and covered the phone again, “all she ever gives a shit about,” he muttered to Castiel, who nodded in agreement.
“Seeing as your conversation seems so important,” she said, “would you like to share it with the class for an open discussion?”
Every line, every detail, every vulnerable moment
He felt as if Dean knew the same thing, and how uncomfortable the thought of his own weakness made Castiel, so he didn’t ask about it anymore, the only thing he said was, “you should start spending more time at my house.”
Castiel rolled his eyes;
“Leave my brother alone,” Michael said, grabbing Ashton’s school shirt collar, “you got that?”
Sorry it took so long to update; I've been doing a lot of school work and I recently just finished another fanfiction, a Drarry one, and that took a bit to finish, but I promise to pay more attention to this fanfiction now. To make up for my absence, here's a 2,000+ word chapter, because I had no idea how to finish it at it's usual word mark.
Dean looked up and Michael was standing there, looking murderously down at the boy beneath him. It took Ashton a full minute to get back up, looking dizzy and in pain.
“Well I couldn’t keep you, now could I?” they heard their mother respond, “there was so much media coverage-.”
(***)
He sighed, relaxing automatically. The boy smiled at him and told him to move over. He did as he was told and was happy when Dean got into bed beside him.
Gabriel and Michael joined in on conversations, though Castiel stayed silent. Not because not everyone knew how to sign or because he didn’t have a notepad with him, but because he felt comfortable. He was enjoying the way the conversation flowed between everyone without any signs of it being tense.
Castiel nodded. Curling up even tighter against Dean’s side, to the point where he was practically on top of him.
Gabriel just nodded, as if to say ‘fair enough’ and opened the door wider for Castiel to walk in. Gabriel’s room was a mess; it always was. Clothing strewn everywhere from two weeks ago, CDs piled high on his desk, some in their cases and others either in the CD player or on the floor. Castiel was surprised Gabriel hadn’t stepped on them yet.
Castiel nodded and lifted his hands to chest height,
He wasn’t strong and he definitely had no idea how to fight. That one time in the school hallway with the football team pretty much proved that. Dean and Michael had come to save his ass, and Michael hated violence.
Lucifer
Dean sat at the edge of the couch, and held Castiel’s hand; he felt the pad of Dean’s thumb rub across the top of his knuckles soothingly. He closed his eyes at the sensation, and lay down on the couch. He could almost go to sleep this way. With everything slowly being taken care of, he could feel himself relax a little. There was a voice in the back of his mind, telling him he should still be cautious, but he blocked it out for the moment.
If people like this fic so much, I might consider writing more Destiel fanfiction in the future :D
He signed to Gabriel and Michael,
I am amazed by the amount of activity with this fanfiction. It's getting so many hits each chapter and comments and it's amazing and makes me feel really happy because I originally felt this fanfiction was going to be crappy and horrible but you guys seem to love it, so, thank you!
Castiel wasn’t sure. He would have to admit that he knew about Lucifer being out and he wasn’t ready to admit he’d been eavesdropping that night he had been sent to his room with dinner to finish homework. He was normally a good boy, and he didn’t know whether that was because he was trying to make up to his mother the fact that he wasn’t normal, but he didn’t want to lose that reputation. It was the only thing that ever went into his favour.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean sighed and bit his lip, “because, you were a mess and I wanted you to come back home with me?”
Miss Rice lost her patience. She stormed towards Dean and grabbed the back of his leather jacket and dragged him out of the classroom, Dean looked startled to say the least as he was pushed out the door with the door slammed in his face. The teacher smirked out the glass window that was in the door and about half the size of it, “also Mr Winchester,” she said, seeming to have calmed down as soon as she had pushed Dean out of the class, “you’re once again not in uniform!”
It was a week before Michael allowed Castiel to go back to school. Though, Castiel had wanted to return the day after the incident and thank Dean for basically saving him, Michael had said no. He had spent days on the couch at home, while his mother was at work and his two brothers were at school. He had been so bored.
Castiel frowned, but did as he was told, wiping his cheeks despite the fact that his tears were almost dried up on his face anyway. Before leaving the kitchen, he turned around and caught his mother’s attention before pointing towards the phone and cocking up a brow.
Michael, he was protective and a little stiff when it came to humour, like their mother. But he still loved him.
He saw Castiel’s eyes widen with shock.
At that point, Sam was wearing an empty bowl on his head and Gabriel was drumming it along to the beat of the movie - which was probably a really weird scene to walk in on now that he thought about it.
So, I'm sorry it took so long to update but as I said - I have school again for another few months. I also start another work experience placement tomorrow - at my old primary school in fact.
Castiel’s mouth was agape, and he almost felt the urge to cry. Dean’s mom had learned to sign before his own mother was even willing to. Mary smiled at him softly, “we’re learning at the hospital how to sign, so we can talk to deaf patients.”
Gabriel looked at Castiel expectantly and he began signing what Gabriel should say.
He got out as soon as he felt clean and grabbed a towel to quickly dry himself off, there was a small knock on the door and he heard Dean’s voice, “I’m going to hand you clothing through the door, okay? Knock once if yes, knock twice if no.”
“Leave him alone,” Dean said gruffly, “he’s not a faking his disability for sympathy Ashton.”
Castiel nodded, but didn’t know how he felt, being thought of like a potential experiment.
(***)
“Mom’s already called the police,” Dean said, “We can get her to call again and tell them that he’s at your house-.”
Sorry for the pretty small chapter. I will make up for it with hopefully what will be a decent sized chapter for the next chapter. But, despite its small size, I hope you enjoy it.
Then Dean took off, and Castiel wasn’t sure whether he was disappointed or relieved. He wanted to stick with Dean, who he knew had a different class to him right now. He felt safe with Dean; but he also didn’t want to put Dean in danger.
“You excited for your first day buddy?” Gabriel asked, “Of normal school?”
Waking up in Dean’s arms was...unusual. It felt good, but it was something he wasn’t used to having – it was amazing actually. He curled in, even further on himself and snuggled into the warmth Dean’s body allowed him to have. He heard Dean mutter something, but his arm still remained around Castiel, making the boy’s cheeks flush slightly.
He went straight to his locker and got out some of his textbooks after checking his timetable and realising he had math first up.
Dean was getting irritable, “that’s none of your business- can I take the books and leave please?”
?’ right?” she asked, signing the words as she said them. Castiel nodded making Mary smile, “I am good,” she said, signing along as she said the words again, “thank you.”
Sam pushed his plate closer to Castiel’s slowly, focusing on the textbook in front of him and writing down in his notebook beside him, his eyes glued to the page slowly chewing on the one bit of pancake he had successfully gotten into his mouth without losing the staring competition he had going on with the words on the page.
“I’ll see you after lunch then.”
Castiel fainted, right in front of Mary, landing at her feet.
Castiel sighed noticing the look on Dean’s face. He knew Dean wished his brother would take this seriously, but the thing is, this was the way Gabriel dealt with everything – jokes.
His first class was Science, which he hated because he just wanted to thank Dean for what he had done. He would have to save his thankfulness for later, in English.
Castiel asked, signing slowly, hoping that Dean knew what it meant.
(***)
Castiel rubbed Dean’s arm to let Dean know he was listening.
Castiel felt safe, he was on the floor, curled up between his two brothers. Dean was either on the floor or the bed, he wasn’t sure. He’d closed his eyes and pretended to be a sleep long before everyone else had gone to bed. He hadn’t wanted to deal with anyone, not after everything that had happened. He felt like everyone was babying him – like he couldn’t take care of himself. Though he admitted he would have no chance when it came to a fight between himself and Lucifer, but he didn’t really appreciate the babying.
Castiel had already known, but now that it had been confirmed it seemed so much worse.
“You totally cheated, Winchester,” Gabriel muttered darkly, throwing the remote onto the ground without much anger, merely feigned for entertainment.
MUTED
“I want to kiss you,” he repeated, louder this time, “I wanted your permission first.”
Castiel rolled his eyes and got out his notepad and pen,
“It’s when you can’t talk,” Dean muttered, trying to avoid getting into trouble for talking when he wasn’t supposed to be.
When it was lunch time, Gabriel went over to sit with the jocks, who he seemed to be great friends with despite never playing sport with them. Michael went over to the lab geeks to discuss the science fair; Sam was sitting with a bunch of boys who were supposedly in his English class...which left Castiel with Dean.
“Novak isn’t a common last name Dean,” he said, “you should have been able to guess you were sitting next to my brother in English.”
“It’s about time you guys got here,” Dean mumbled, “I’ve been bored shitless.”
He was slowly helped up the stairs and he couldn’t help but feel a little pathetic. After spilling gravy it seemed to have rendered him unable to do anything. But despite the embarrassment, he didn’t make any move to stop Dean from dragging him around.
“You’re welcome,” she said with a soft smile.
He made a small little groaning sound, the most human sound he’d made in a while, and he heard a voice call his name which slowly became clearer every time his name was repeated.
Dean smiled, “nothing, Ashton, for some weird reason, told the principal I’d never punched him; that he’d tripped down the stairs and face planted. I have a feeling your brother, Michael, had something to do with it.”
He’d called him.
“The other day you screamed at a spider,” Mary said in a huff, “I’m sorry if I feel like I have a reason to be worried.”
“Better make my stories more interesting then,” Dean said with a small laugh. Castiel simply glared at Gabriel, who winked at Castiel when Dean turned his back to get into the driver’s seat of the car. They all slowly got in, Michael being the slowest with his school bag full of text books. But eventually, they were able to leave the school building behind and head off towards Dean’s home.
“You guys can stay over again if you’d like,” Dean said, “mom doesn’t really seem to care to be honest.”
When his mother came home that afternoon she was happy to hear that Castiel had decided to go back to school. Michael had told nothing about the events in which had made Michael force Castiel to stay home for a week, his mother had just assumed that the pressures of a normal school environment were weighing heavily on his shoulders and had never questioned if it was anything else. Castiel didn’t know whether it made it easier or harder, having a mother that just assumed everything and never asked questions because she thought she was right all the time.
Dean nodded slowly and looked over at Castiel who was splayed on his back, snoring softly. He wanted to hug the other boy, tell him that he shouldn’t have to hide his scars; they weren’t something to be embarrassed about.
MUTED
He made his way towards his own locker, with shaky hands he took out some books he needed for class, before angrily slamming the locker door and turning away.
“He’s been sick at home since Wednesday,” Dean said, “Cold or flu or something, I don’t know.”
Dean closed the door and Castiel quickly put on his clothing, and grabbed all of his old clothing in his arms. He opened the door and smiled at Dean gratefully, but the other boys eyes were wide and looked alarmed.
Castiel rushed over to the whiteboard and wrote his name down the bottom and whatever the note from his mother said. There were several more in his lunch bag, waiting to be used on his other teachers.
He signed, looking confused.
Anyway, enjoy the chapter :)
Mary was the first one into the room, which made Castiel wonder just how loud he had been – he wondered how loud he could have been with properly working vocal chords. Mary was rubbing his back, so was Dean, trying to calm him down. The sweat on his partially naked body was cold. Michael and Gabriel ran in, Sam slowly following him in a tired walk, rubbing sleep out of his eyes.
“We need to devise a plan, you realise?” Dean said, turning the game system off and turning towards Castiel and Gabriel, “what if Lucifer does come to the house and then breaks in and tries to hurt one of us?” he didn’t mention Castiel’s name but everyone knew he was thinking it.
The raven turns to look at him, staring with one eye. “What is it?”
Dean blinks.
After a long moment of silence, Dean hears in his head, clear as a bell:
“They’re here for you.”
“Cas, if you’d seen what I’ve seen, you’d think that I don’t drink that much at all.”
He settles back on the floor slowly, feeling every cut pull tight and then relax. He’s human again. The Angel must have burned away all those parts of him that were becoming demonic when it touched him like that. Which means that Alastair was right, and it can destroy his soul. The Angel’s hands on his soul had been an agony that he’d never felt on the rack, and he no longer has his armor of inhumanity to survive it. Dean tucks himself into the far corner of the cell, and watches The Angel from behind his knees. Its rings hum through the air, and a thousand eyes stare back.
The bull head huffs, “Don’t be so sure of that, Dean.”
Dean worries a chunk of his cheek between his teeth, “Will it hurt?”
Alastair trails around him, commenting ever-so-often on his technique, throwing out ways to draw out the torment.
Cas looks at Dean like he’s stupid, “I have to. It would be dangerous for me to show my true form on earth.”
Dean crosses his arms in front of his chest, and schools his face into what he hopes is a neutral, “Really? What am I thinking now, Brainiac?”
“And you think that consent is given willingly? You appear to some idiot in your full heavenly splendor, you really think he’s gonna be able to say yes to you possessing him with complete understanding of what he’s getting into?”
Dean ducks his head.
“I wasn’t sure how you’d want me to restore it. For the first few days after you heard yourself speak, you still heard your voice on earth in your head. But now, the voice in your head, and that you’ve been using in this space, is the voice of the last body you inhabited in hell. I don’t know which version to give you.”
“Hell, no!”
Dean glares at it, “Stay out of my head.”
Cas runs a hand through Dean again, “I am connected to your soul. Since we are directly linked, you are still cognizant of my presence despite your soul’s separation from a body.”
The responding sigh is harsh in the enclosed space, “Be quiet, Dean.”
“Yeah, obviously, but what’s it look like? I wanna put a face to the name.”
To finish his work, Castiel places a hand against Dean’s chest, where panels of skin have come together in a less than perfect seal. It knits the skin together underneath it, but when he pulls it away, it leaves a raised scar behind. Cas ignores this, and brushes a thumb against the bottom left of Dean’s chest, leaving a small divot.
Despite himself, a flicker of hope blooms in Dean’s chest. Alastair may have broken him, but humans never lose their capacity for hope. The greatest entertainment available to Alastair in hell is watching that hope die.
“Do you hear them?” There’s a smile in his voice, and Dean clutches his pliers tighter.
Dean knows it’s all an act, and The Angel could rend the cell brick from brick if it wanted to, but he feels some measure of comfort to know that it doesn’t want to.
“You weren’t kidding that you’d have to build me, huh?” Dean cranes his neck as soon as he can, and looks down at himself. It’s… visceral. He looks back at Cas, who tuts at him.
Dean feels smug, for no reason he can identify. “I thought angels weren’t supposed to feel.”
“Angels are not supposed to feel.”
They sit in silence for a few minutes, Dean’s stomach twisting at the thought of the man Castiel will be possessing if he allows for his body to be rebuilt. As much as he wants to get back to Sam, to Bobby, he doesn’t want to put some schmuck through the ringer to get there.
Cas nods, and Dean looks up at the ceiling and away. He eyes the sliver of the human face that Cas can’t hide from him. And then Cas is done.
“Where are we?”
They’re uneasy for a while, after that. Dean starts telling stories about Sam, and Cas listens in silence. He only prompts Dean once, but the way he smiles at it makes Cas’ fire crackle and snap between his rings. Their companionship gradually becomes less strained.
Dean rolls his eyes, “Half of your answers are bullshit, anyway. At least give me the full truth.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“It’s a human face. I thought you would have figured that out by now.” The raven’s pupil constricts and dilates, never moving from Dean’s face.
“What, I’m so special that you all will break your two thousand year streak of never showing up on earth? Of not helping us?” This has become a point of contention for Dean, although he’s not sure Castiel has noticed.
“Hold on-” Cas sighs, “You’re going to be possessing some poor sonofabitch if you get topside?”
The Angel’s rings begin to spin slower, and it tucks its still-flared wings behind itself. It looks almost humbled by what he’s said, which is almost more unsettling than hearing its voice in his head.
Cas nods.
“You sounded like this.” Cas speaks in Dean’s voice, the voice he’d had before hell, and Dean cringes away from it. It sounds boyish, naive. In many ways, it doesn’t fit the man that he’s become.
The angel ruffles its wings, and its bull head tips towards Dean. “It is nice to make your acquaintance, Dean Winchester.”
“Nah, it doesn’t hurt. ‘S just weird.”
“You don’t understand. Angels are required to have consent to possess someone. Consent that can be revoked at any time.”
When Dean next speaks, he feels the vibrations of it down through his chest. He hums, and it rattles through him, settling himself into his bones. Cas builds up his skin around him, and he feels no disconnect between it and the rest of him. He feels, maybe for the first time, like his body is his own.
Eventually he asks, “Why are you keeping me here?”
A quick swipe finishes peeling Dean’s ribs raw. “Listen closer.”
Dean relaxes. Jake’s a soldier. He couldn’t save Sam’s life the first time, but he’ll be a good guardian while Dean’s not there.
Cas nods, “They caused you discomfort. You felt that they made you stand out.”
Cas lords over the organs he’s created so far, and Dean feels the proximity down to his atoms, “Do you want a uterus?”
A set of hands smooths his pectorals into place once firmly, and then twice more, gently. “I don’t understand you. I can see into your soul, see the pride in every scar you’ve earned in battle, but scars that actually hold meaning, those you want me to remove.”
of them sliding past each other. It’s been days or weeks since it tried to enter the cell, but he feels as though the silence has stretched for far longer.
The next soul on Dean’s rack is a young woman, probably in her twenties. She has messy brown hair cropped at her shoulders, and she’s terrified, but she doesn’t beg for mercy. Dean drops his weapon.
“Do you hear it?” he laughs, “They’re getting closer.”
So, his guardian angel is named Castiel. “Nice to meet you, I guess.”
The attention lasts for only a moment before The Angel snaps its wings open, shoving this new angel’s hands away from Dean and physically separating them. It’s the first time Dean’s heard The Angel scream since he’s been in this cell.
“It would not be your fault, if I did possess him.”
“You have names?”
Dean grits his teeth, “Let them come.”
For a moment, his liver feels like it’s on fire. “I watched as Sodom and Gomorrah fell, Dean Winchester. You have seen little to impress me.”
“I admit, I have not been the one to observe you and your sister’s lives on earth. I am unable to monitor her now. However, the reports I have received over the years paint a very clear picture. She is better with you there.”
He wakes up healed, the rack in front of him.
“You shouldn’t have looked, not until I put your skin on.”
Dean genuinely hadn’t noticed the change. “What did I sound like, before?”
“It may. I can put your soul into a state of stasis if you wish, but I may misinterpret the way you want your body to be restored without you being awake to interpret.”
The bull frowns at him, “No. I will need to remove your soul from this construct, and rebuild your flesh and blood around it. It will be lengthy, and likely unpleasant.”
And Dean knows he didn’t say that aloud, but Cas snorts anyway.
“Angels do not read minds, Dean. It was written on your face, in your body language. It is programmed into me to read your body as well as I speak the language of my angelic siblings.”
A chill runs through Dean, crisp with his new nerves. “Thanks for the warning, asshole.”
Cas drums his fingers against Dean’s serratus muscles, “I understand the conflict. I have an idea, if you’ll allow me.”
“I am sorry that my reprimand of Uriel hurt you. No other angels should bother you now.”
“So you drop me in a coffin, I dig my way out and then what? I’m alone?”
Dean swallows, and ain’t that a novelty, to have a working throat? “Go ahead.” The “I trust you
“I will begin with your guts, and work outwards. If you have any input on the construction of your digestive system, tell me now.”
He starts with small things, questions like “What are you?” (A seraph) and “Why are you guarding me?” (To keep you safe, Dean). He tries not to provoke Castiel, but his calm is endless.
Dean’s eyes grow into his skull. He’s still in his cell, held a few feet above the floor by two of Cas’s rings. Cas really is there with him, or really, he’s in Cas. The core of Cas is right up next to him, and his hands are everywhere. What Dean felt come into being is being put there by him, painstakingly gentle. As Dean watches, he begins sewing muscle to bone, one strand at a time.
At a certain point, Dean becomes used to the presence of The Angel. Its flame is bloody red and orange and white, and it burns behind his eyelids, but it’s warm. It’s safe. Dean is closed in a cell in one of the lower rings of hell, but the presence of a hearth gives it something resembling homeliness. And how fucked up is he that that makes sense. More than once in his childhood he was subjected to impromptu ‘camping trips’ with his father, and while they felt the farthest thing from home during the day, at night they’d make a fire and he could sit, resting under his father’s arm, and know he was protected.
The human head facing away from him jerks, “You misunderstand me.”
Dean throws up his hands.
“You expect me to believe you weren’t dipping into my head for that?”
“Hello, Dean.” The bull looms over him, close, and then pulls back away.
Warnings:
“You really believe that?”
“You need to be rebuilt before you can return to earth.”
“In regards to your… primary sexual characteristics. Your feelings regarding them are incredibly muddled, or I wouldn’t ask.”
“I have only had one, before him. His great great grandmother. She was a strong woman, and her bloodline has carried my grace ever since I inhabited her.”
“You’re angry at me. You’re defensive of my vessel, even though you have never met him and likely never will. You think that I’m just as bad as your tormentors here. You’re thinking of the time your sister got possessed and you didn’t put the signs together in time. Now that I’ve said that, you’re thinking about how she prays every day. How if an angel wanted her, she’d say yes to them in a heartbeat.”
“He says he hopes you sleep well,” she muttered, “now go to bed.”
“Oi, mate-.”
“What?” Gabriel asked, “Like kicking your ass?” Gabriel blue clad character aimed and kicked Dean’s red clad character in the head.
She smiled softly, “you can have dinner up in your room then, so you can get it done by whatever date it is due.”
“You useless rich boys,” Dean said, rolling his eyes, “not knowing how to shut off a fire alarm.”
“Oh dear,” Mary said, standing up automatically and grabbing a bunch of napkins. He thrust them into Castiel’s hands and told him to dab the area where the gravy was until it was all gone.
“No,” Mary said, “there’s Chuck’s number, the lady at the front desk at work, 911 and my direct work number.”
“We need to go home,” Sam muttered quietly, “it doesn’t feel right being here when Castiel, Gabriel and Michael are home alone and Lucifer is on the loose.”
Ever since Gabriel had pointed it out, Castiel was beginning to find himself attracted to Dean. The way he walked, smiled, spoke- he found it attractive, hell, even the way he held a pencil. He was constantly distracted in certain classes because of this; the protruding veins in his hands were sexy for crying out loud.
(***)
“Oh...hello,” her tone turned dark, Castiel looked up and his mother’s expression had turned a little pale, but she seemed relatively calm, “how have you been? Yes, that’s good. Anything I can do for you?”
“Dean, are you okay?”
MUTED
Castiel sighed and slowly nodded.
Mary opened the white front door wider for him, so he could pass and come into the main entrance. He’d always loved walking through it, all the family photos of her, Dean and Sam, eventually progressing to Mary, Adam, Sam and Dean and then last but not least, a bunch of photos of Mary, Charlie, Adam, Dean and Sam altogether. It warmed his heart; the only photos Gabriel, Michael and his mother had around the house was her getting publishing awards in ceremonies, her first time on Oprah, Ellen and Jimmy Fallon – you name it. But nothing of the three of them. She was only a celebrity, not a mother.
Oh look, here's another chapter! Enjoy! :D
“It’s about our mother,” Gabriel said. Dean always noticed that they never ever called her mom. They always said mother, coldly and without an inch of respect in their tones. He knew ‘mother’ was a snobby way to say mom, but neither of them were snobs.
Castiel looked up abruptly to see Dean Winchester rushing towards him, with no food tray or any food visible on his person. He was smiling down at him softly, “want to come sit with me and my friends?” he asked, “you don’t have to sit here all by yourself.”
Castiel wasn’t even sure he was mad anymore. He got up slowly, pulling Dean up with him as he turned his wrists and tightened his grip around Dean’s hand.
“Yes, yes, you’ll get your pissy pity party,” Lucifer said angrily, “I get it, more publicity because people will feel sorry for you – you’ll be talked about for weeks, you and the tragic murder of your youngest son.”
When they got there, Dean opened the door enthusiastically, looking like he was on the verge of death – if you could die from boredom that is.
Castiel tried not to roll his eyes. He hated special treatment just because of his ‘disability.’
, Castiel signed.
After dinner, Castiel, Michael and Gabriel all volunteered to do the dishes, much to Mary’s amusement. Gabriel and Michael ended up with the job and Dean and Castiel ended up sitting on the lounge room couch, watching the news.
He felt a nudge against his shoulder and he looked beside him. Charlie had gone and Dean had taken his place, looking at him with a concerned look, “are you okay, Cas?” he asked, he had another pancake in front of him, this time on a plate, but he hadn’t touched it yet, instead he was watching Castiel with worry.
“You okay Cas?” he asked on day over lunch. Gabriel was over in the middle of the cafeteria, wooing a couple of cheerleaders. Michael was with the chess club trying to form strategies for the upcoming chess tournament.
Castiel frowned,
Dean simply shrugged and continued to chew on the pancake hungrily, amusement dancing in his eyes as he looked down at Castiel, who was admittedly quite amused. He would never have gotten away with something like that in his house; his mother hated it when he accidentally spilled something on himself, even the tiniest drop of sauce – or even something like a pea that didn’t stain his clothing permanently. She was fussy. Mary was also fussy but you weren’t like to get punished for eating like a wild animal.
“You’re all staying here,” she said in an frustrated tone, looking between Michael, Gabriel and Castiel, “there is no way you’re going back to that maniac’s house, understood?” she asked. The three boys showed no signs of wanting to even argue.
It was during the middle of class that Castiel really needed to pee. He’d drunk too many cups of coffee and while they had helped him stay awake, they had also had a major effect on his bladder.  He was quick to ask to go to the bathroom, getting another student to get the teachers attention and he signed a simple ‘T’ with his hands. The teacher was obviously able to see his discomfort, and let him go without argument.
So Dean and Sam got into the Impala and headed home, where they hoped Castiel, Gabriel and Michael would still be. As he was driving he had a multitude of horrible thoughts running through his head. That Lucifer had found out where they are from their mother, had broken in, and was currently holding them all as hostages.
Castiel shrugged and wrote that he was new to the school. Dean nodded and went back to looking towards the front of the class as the teacher began writing things down. Dean looked at James Matthews and rolled his eyes before reaching over and pulling out the guys earphones.
“Don’t be a dick Gabriel,” Dean said, “You know from experience that I will turn this car right back around!” he said, trying to sound as serious as possible, but it only ended up with him laughing anyway.
A phone rings somewhere and while Dean is thanking an absent god, Sam is upright and looking around before Dean can even react. "Got it," Sam announces, grabbing the flip phone and squinting down at the tiny display on the front. "Bobby," he tells Dean, waving the phone in front of him and stepping outside to take the call.
“We, we’re…” Dean’s mouth flaps a couple times, he’s clearly overwhelmed by the enormity of what this means. “Are we sure? That this is over? That...” Dean looks up at Cas with eyes full of desperation and longing and affection and
sorry. Egg white omelets truly are an abomination,” Castiel said with a solemnity that might have seemed sarcastic coming from someone else, but was entirely genuine. Dean huffed out a laugh but still looked like he could use some distraction from his thoughts.
“I’m supposed to be the devil and you’ve been to the future. Since when do our lives make sense, Dean?”
“Were we doing anything?”
“What?”
slices of pie, Sam.” Dean’s grin is positively shiteating. Jeanne, who is clearly on his side, clucks a laugh as she moves her gaze over to Castiel to take his order.
The next Monday, Castiel calls Dean. It’s been bothering him since Saturday morning that he didn’t offer to pay the helpful, strikingly handsome man for his services, or at least for the gas he’d put into his truck’s empty tank. Castiel could have called sooner, the handwritten number that he’s looked at enough times to maybe already have memorized is proof of that, but Dean had specifically said he’d included it in case of emergency car trouble and the truck’s been running just fine. So no, even though discomfort -- and distraction -- have been eating at him all weekend, Castiel waits until Monday.
“Uh,” Dean hadn’t thought this through. “A… bag?”
running a scrap yard as a cover for his collection, but it looks like Conrad’s leaned all the way into the “eccentric hoarder” guise.
. Like, look at this game.” Dean walks over to the blinking monstrosity. “I don’t have a single clue how this thing works -- look how confusing it is! -- but I’m expected to just sit there like gee I hope this thing I have no control over treats me right. And it’s intentional. Everything here is designed to make sure you lose.”
likes, but other times he finds himself stuck circling around the fact that the only time Bela had ever said anything truly complimentary to him was when he’d spent a week’s pay on a tuxedo rental at her insistence.
Cas’ eyes unfocus a little, like he’s doing an internal assessment, like it takes actual conscious effort to know the answer. It probably does. “No.”
“You’re John Winchester’s boys, aren’t ya?” Conrad asks while pulling the door shut behind him. Before it closes, Dean catches a dimly lit glimpse of an interior that’s full of clutter. Doesn’t seem to be garbage, just
Castiel reappears in a slightly different spot in the convenience store and finds himself facing a refrigerator full of processed meat and processed cheese and (unprocessed) eggs. Dean is very enthusiastic about breakfast, both preparing it and eating it, and Cas knows eggs are considered to be a traditional breakfast food, so he figures Dean would like some eggs. He knows you’re supposed to squeeze certain fruits to check that they’re fresh and ripe (some are supposed to be hard and not soft, others soft but not too soft) and thinks maybe you do that with eggs as well. Castiel pulls out a carton, opens it, grabs an egg, and learns that you do not in fact squeeze eggs to find out if they’re good.
