Thinking of it, maybe yeah, maybe he was depressed back then if the only reason that he could think about to be alive was to prove something to his dad, the guy that he hated for his hole life. Maybe his therapist was right.
Since Tony was really unfortunate, of course he would suffer from bond rejection. There was a difference between the misfortune of being born without a soulmate, having it dead or something, and having him directly reject you. Such cases were few, but they did happen, and the result was not good.
In a few months, Tony finalized the Sokovia Accords, with the little detail that it was registered directly with United Nations and toke Ross out of his business. the Accords version that Tony had stipulated, as he wanted from the beginning, which in practice did not bring big changes to the superheroes, only prevented lunatics with superpowers from going around playing the vigilantes and causing more damage than good on their way. It was just a measure to ensure the safety of innocents and the punishment of heroes who went out of line purposely, for the avengers it would hardly affect the way of work, but they would know that if they listened to Tony.
Civil war marked Rhodey a lot, not in the way it marked Tony because they weren't friends yet, the team and Rhodey, but they ware something, partners in heroship, maybe.
“Your rooms remain as they were when you left.” she began “Some areas have been upgraded, but Vision will explain each one to you. The main thing is in the training area, so don't go in there without Vision until you learn to work with everything. As you signed in the Accords, there is no restriction on your leaving the house, but knowing the government as I do I think that they probably have agents hanging around the area, so I recommend that you don't leave the Compound for a few days. Agent Barton, your family has already been removed from the security shelter and is now in the old Avengers tower, they should be moved here tomorrow ”
Pepper disagreed, she just wanted Tony to live the rest of his days in peace, far away from pain and sacrifices.
And Tony knew they would have worked, Tony was sure of it, but the universe disagreed and there was nothing he could do about it.
Sometimes, when he woke up from a nightmare in the middle of the night, he felt so cold that his teeth chattered and he couldn't stop shivering for a long time, even if Bucky wrapped him in a blanket and increased the temperature of the room, looking at Steve with some sort of helpless sadness.
And Steve recognized all of that. Just as he recognized the feeling that had settled in his chest over time, a feeling that he knew very well and that he never thought he would feel again, not after Bucky.
Sometimes Steve wondered why they took the trouble to bring him back from the ice if the only thing he was going to do was screw it up.
He did everything knowing that he was wrong, that he would never forgive himself and that he would never be forgiven, but even so, he kept going, just a little more, he would tell himself.
Even with the medicine that made him feel like he needed to sleep for ten years, his anxiety was in its maximum and Tony really considered to suit up and fly through the window, but he knew he couldn't.
“Tony, you are my best friend,” he declared, his eyes filling with tears. The last time Tony saw him like this was when he was rescued from Afghanistan and it just made Tony feel guilty “And I never left your side, not when you were drunk, not when you were dating the dumbest people in the world, not when you were making weapons or when you stopped doing it, it’s not now that I’m going to leave you alone ”.
"Look" replied Bucky "I don't know the guy, and probably out of everyone here I am the one he hates the most."
Tony, the one who risked his life over and over, even though Steve said no because it was too risky, just so he could save as many people as possible.
"Tony" she started again, her voice taking on a serious tone as she rested her hand on his shoulder "you need to tell him, you know that".
Sometimes Tony would ask himself, alone in his room, staring de ceiling because he couldn't sleep, if it wasn't good for them, if they wouldn't feel relieved, but he wouldn't entertain these thoughts for much time, he couldn't or he would brake because they ware everything that Tony had.
Bucky would be bathed in sweat by the temperature of the room by then, his long hair sticking to his forehead and cheeks, but he wouldn't walk away from Steve, hugging him until the tremor passed.
Because Tony always wanted a lot of things in this life, and, differently of what people usually thought, most of the time he wouldn't get things the way he wanted.
Tony loved everyone excessively, too much, maybe that was his problem, he gave, gave, gave and when he noticed, they already had their plates full and there was nothing more to give.
Siberia was a place that marked Tony, it registered on his head, like some kind of tattoo where the only thing he could see was Rogers planting the shield on his chest with all the strength of a super-soldier, the strength to hold a helicopter, right in his chest, breaking his ribs and slicing through his chest.
At night, alone in his room in the compound, Steve was going to ask himself if he had a chance… If he should give this feeling a chance, even if they were not destined souls, the feeling was real and Steve knew that Bucky would approve of Tony much easier than Steve himself.
“I could have handled it.” Steve couldn’t help but protest, for all that he appreciated Bucky’s help. He’d felt safer the moment he was there. Yet, it stung to think he might not have been able to take care of himself.
He sent back, not trusting himself to say anything else. None the less, he found himself already eager to see where this went.
None the less, the man was smiling now. A small smirk, that somehow suited him. He bent his head a bit and looked up at Steve through his eyelashes. An impressive feat given that he was easily a couple inches taller than him.
“Now I rarely make time for art though.” Tony said, offhandedly. And, sounding vaguely critical. “I ought to. My best friend loves it, but…” He didn’t finish his thought.
At the car, Tony paused for a moment before opening it. Eyes dancing, he bent his head forward slightly, looked up at Steve through his eyelashes. And, sweet as could be, asked “May I kiss you?”
“It’s been a week. Some trauma stuff. And, just a lot going on. And, I haven’t been able to sleep. And…” He trailed off, shrugged, and looked at Steve. There was something in his gaze, a bit of hopefulness, but almost pleading. Like he didn’t know what to do next, but hoped that Steve did.
As the words sunk in, so did disappointment. “That’s kind, but I’m not a sub.” He managed to get out without stumbling over any of it, keeping his tone carefully neutral.
It wasn’t a great photo, a bit blurry and badly lit, with random folks in the background. Still, they both had wide smiles and Tony’s arms had fit well around his shoulders. Steve liked that Tony had bothered.
Too late one night, unable to sleep despite an opening shift the next day, he rolled over in bed, fumbled his phone off the night stand and thumbed out a quick text. Sending it before he could change his mind.
They’d talk about random things. Off and on. Both of them disappearing at times without comment, Steve presumed for things like work and meals and so forth.
Steve needn’t have worried though. Whatever it was that Tony was struggling with seemed to sweep away, his eyes lighting up. “Of course.” He agreed readily, unlocking his phone and passing it over.
Even though Tony had texted Steve, effectively giving him his number. He decided to wait for the other man to text him first.
“Listen, it’s really not a problem.” The guy insisted, a bit frantically, as if he was pleading with Steve to agree with him. Somehow he still sounded smooth and polished. And, Steve really wasn’t quite certain how to read him.
When he pulled away, Tony glanced down again. “Thank you.” He said, and Steve couldn’t quite read his tone of voice.
They didn’t actually get that far though. Some time while they talked, another man had slid up behind them. Far enough back not to have been eavesdropping, but plainly in their path.
And, when Steve finally gave a resigned nod, Bucky didn’t even need to look at it. The spark of cautious hope in Steve’s eyes beforehand was answer enough.
Instead he threw a throw pillow at Bucky’s face, taking care to hold it up long enough to serve as a fair warning before pitching it across the room. Bucky caught it easily, he’d actually be good at sports if they didn’t overwhelm him, and threw it back, not really aiming for Steve at all.
“Yep. And, he and Bucky have been practically in a QPR for the past year at least, but neither of them has the guts to actually make it official. Annoys the heck out of me and Riley.” Tony chuckled lightly. “Riley?” He asked. “Sam’s boyfriend. I don’t see him as often. He works weird shifts, but when I do we always seem to come around to complaining about those dorks.” He smiled, nodding his head in the direction Bucky had exited.
From there their date actually went well. Steve had been all nerves about letting Tony see his art. All of it was so personal, though complex enough that he wasn’t too worried about Tony working out the specifics.
Tony listened. Sometimes seeming mad or angry on Steve’s behalf. More than once trying to throw money at him. Money that Steve sometimes took and mostly didn’t. Money that he made it perfectly clear he didn’t need. And, he didn’t want for any old reason.
And, the realization that his cheeks were uncomfortably warm just made him even more self-conscious, wanting to turn his face and hide. He hated his pale skin sometimes, so pale that he still looked like the constantly sick child he had once been in the wrong light.
Steve listened, enjoying how Tony’s face lit up talking about his friend. And, far too appreciative that the first place the other man’s mind had went was how the two of them might get along. Steve found himself hoping to meet Tony’s friends. To stay in his life, at least that long. To matter that much.
He felt safe with Tony. Not that he wouldn’t use due caution. He’d only met the man that night. And, he appreciated Bucky’s concern. But, this evening was going better than he’d ever imagined it might.
He didn’t want to sound needy or desperate or annoying or… Well, long story short, there were a lot of ways he didn’t want to come off to a cute guy he’d been really excited to see tonight. But, he was nervous, worried that something horrible had happened to Tony on the way here. Or, and he forced himself to remember that this was the better option, for all that it felt worse to him, that Tony simply didn’t care. That he’d decided not to come.
“Sounds like they might need an intervention.” Tony smiled, stepping up into Steve’s space. “Trust me, we’ve both tried. It would appear that they just need to figure it out themselves. They’re both too stubborn for anything else to work.” At that Tony laughed out loud. “Trust me I get that. Pep will never ask anyone out. And, trust me, there’s nothing anyone could do to change that. If she even got the sense you were trying, you’d get a strong talking to and she’d wait even longer just to prove you wrong.”
It was from an unknown number, but it was only a moment before Steve had Tony added to his contacts.
“He liked you too.” Bucky said. “That much was more than obvious. You might as well just text him, so you don’t both get stuck in some horrible waiting game.”
“Why did I let you talk me into coming here?” He asked Bucky, annoyance and snark and shame mixing in his tone in a way that only his best friend could actually understand.
Steve didn’t know how to reply. So, the silence settled. And, they continued wordlessly throughout the gallery. Only truly speaking again when they settled against one of the tall tables, food and drinks in hand.
Yes, he resolved that he’d love to take Tony out for coffee sometime. But, he still didn’t want to suggest it.
He hoped it was. He thought it was. He and Tony had been going on dates for almost a month at this point. They’d shared a lot about themselves. They’d made it clear they cared about one another. So, why did he feel so god damn nervous.
Tony didn’t seem to have anticipated the question, but his eyes lit up. “Pep’s the best.” He said happily, munching on a slice of bruschetta. “I think you’d like her.” He sounded thoughtful there, as if he was really evaluating it. “I know she’d like you. Clever, passionate artist. You’re just her type.”
“You know that you don’t need to do everything all at once.” Bucky said his own voice quiet as well, after a long pause.
And, when his phone buzzed a few moments later, he spent longer than he’d like still staring down into the couch cushion, all of his worries bubbling up at once again, before he finally pushed himself up.
Then, before he could save the number and give it back, Tony plucked the phone out of his hands, holding it out in front of them.
He didn’t know what it was Tony liked about him. He was frankly still not quite confident that the other man really liked him at all, though he wanted to think so. But, whatever it was, he didn’t want to lose it.
By the end of the afternoon, after they had done most of their talking, Tony had shifted down. Now horizontal on the couch, sprawled across Steve’s lap. “You sure this is comfortable?” He confirmed for the third or so time. “For now. I’ll have you move eventually, love.” Steve pet his hair gently. “I like your weight on me, love.”
Steve sighed and moved into a more natural stance, rolling his shoulders one at a time. His binder had already started to roll up, bunching awkwardly about his torso. So, in the absence of anything else to do, he retreated to the restroom.
But, he couldn’t do that. So, instead, he just waited. And, a moment later, Tony shook himself, his expression turning completely neutral far too quickly to be natural. Steve was turned about by just how fast a change it was.
Not that he thought that the man couldn’t pull out his own chair or anything like that. Luckily, he didn’t seem offended. Rather, there was a faint hint of pink on his cheeks that Steve would have sworn hadn’t been there before. Though his tanned skin hid it in a way that Steve’s own pale visage never would.
None the less, he pulled Bucky back a bit, away from the worst of the throng of strangers around the bar. Aware that it was all a bit much for his friend without even needing to consciously think about it.
“Of a kind.” Tony’s eyes darted down, in a way that almost seemed self-deprecating. Though, his gaze was back to normal in a moment. “My mother loved art.” He said, with genuine fondness in his tone. “And, my father never did.” That was darker, but only slightly. “He’d come to art shows, but only to be seen. And, to talk to all of the right people.” He laughed. Steve thought it seemed forced.
It made Steve smile, and he felt a small glimmer of community after all. He might not feel entirely at home here, but these were still his people. Far more so than the crowd in any bar they chose at random would ever be.
It was also just fun talking? And, that felt extra special. Steve had been so formal at first, so unsure. But, Tony was vulnerable and sweet and silly and confident. This might be Steve’s favorite version of him that he’s seen yet. No, that wasn’t quite the right phrasing. He loved Tony, in all of his complexity. But, Tony like this, he felt lucky to see it. He didn’t get the feeling that Tony let himself be this … genuine with a lot of people.
Steve shifted in his seat again, for what had to be the tenth or eleventh time in the past minute. From the way that Bucky was less than subtly eyeing him, he knew that his friend hadn’t missed his antsiness. But, thankfully he actually chose to hold his tongue for once, not saying anything.
“It’s okay.” He interrupted, seeming to catch Tony by surprise. “You lost track of time. It happens.” Not that it hadn’t had an impact. Steve would have been lying if he tried to pretend otherwise. But, now that Tony was here and so obviously wanted to be, it felt easy to forgive.
They’d meet there. It was the most practical, and besides they still didn’t really know one another. It was just best practice to meet in a neutral location.
It was a feeling that was starting to seem like a constant when it came to this smooth yet dorky yet somehow self-deprecating man.
Bucky joked sometimes that that’s why they fit so well together. He had none of the non-verbal communication and Steve had all of it.
The other man obviously noticed it, blinking a bit in surprise himself. And, Steve sighed internally. He knew that he was way too easy to read. He had always worn pretty much every feeling he had out in the open for everyone to see.
“I didn’t think you were.” The man said finally, leaving Steve the confused one this time. “You do know that subs can buy doms drinks too.” He continued, letting a bit of annoyance slip into his voice.
They’d talked some about that as well, cuddled up sharing fantasies with one another. Steve’s cheeks hot red and Tony flirty and lascivious at times, but tender and vulnerable at others. Always so beautifully complex. Steve loved the nuance, the way he shifted between so many ways of showing up the world. Loved all of it that he got to see.
“We’ll find another time to talk. For now, I think lots of food, cuddles, and Star Trek are called for.” Tony agreed, seeming far too thankful. And, they spent the rest of the evening snuggled up together enjoying the most wild shenanigan filled episodes Tony could find.
It was a busy night and none of the patrons were taking much care about whether or not they brushed up against one another as they moved through the crowd. Placing hands on hips and shoulders in the polite casual way that tends to occur in spaces that are filled with queer folks and queer folks alone.
“Tell me about your best friend?” Steve asked, having had sufficient time to think about what to say next. And, curious about the people in Tony’s life.
Yet, it amused him now. After all, he could perfectly imagine the shit eating grin Tony would give him if he’d told him the joke in person.
They both stayed up far too late talking that night. Nothing serious. Just flirting and teasing and enjoying the fact that they were boyfriends. That they were in a relationship. For real.
He placed two fingers under Tony’s chin, softly. Pressed up gently enough not to force, just to encourage. Tony followed his lead, met his eyes. Steve smiled. “Always.” He spoke, not caring if it was too much too soon. “Always. You never need to thank me for that.”
It was hard. Hard to see such an incredible man seem to so completely miss his own worth. Steve knew too many people like that. And, it was still hard every time. Valid though those feelings might be. Self-worth is tough. God knows, Steve is aware of that.
But, as he met Tony’s eyes one last time and saw the mix of emotions he couldn’t quite read hiding behind them, he decided to try anyways.
The man in front of them was gorgeous. Not as tall as the jerk from before, actually not terribly taller than Steve himself. And, not as broad. But, he was lithe and strong looking, clad in a well fitted suit that stood out against the leather and mesh that was more common throughout the club.
And, that really would be better than if he were sick or hurt or some other emergency had happened. But, that didn’t stop the thought from making Steve’s stomach clench up tightly and his anxiety grow worse.
But, he kept hoping for Steve to begin to recognize some of his own value. And, he’d hoped that actually getting the boy out to meet other people like him might help.
About ten minutes later, Tony came rushing through the door. And, Steve didn’t really want to admit that he’d been watching the main entrance persistently for at least the past five minutes, but he could at least acknowledge that fact in his own head.
Tony grinned. “I like it.” He said. ‘Old-fashioned name to go with your old-fashioned manners.” He flirted, eyes sparkling.
After fifteen or twenty minutes of making small talk and trying not to glance at his watch too often, he started to worry. He’d checked his phone three times already, but he tugged it out of his pocket again after the last person who stopped to talk to him, a sweet older lady who'd seemed more genuinely interested than a lot of the others, left.
Steve blushed for what felt like the countless time that night. That certainly wasn’t how most folks reacted to his name. “Thank you.” He said simply, proud of himself for getting it out without tripping over the words.
“Thank you for telling me. It’s all right.” Steve replied simply, pulling Tony into another firm hug.
“How about we get some drinks and mingle a bit?” He suggested finally, in the slightly forced tone he used whenever he wanted to seem like he’s more into an idea than he actually was.
“May I give you my number?” He asked, careful. This gave Tony all the control. Even if he felt like he couldn’t say no in the moment, it was up to him whether or not to text.
He briefly contemplated asking Tony out for coffee. It actually sounded nice. He could imagine the two of them curled up in the corner of his favorite coffee shop, at the table tucked neatly between two of the book shelves, the chairs crammed into the too small space.
He reviewed Tony’s lists that evening. And, took the initiative to make one of his own, following a similar format. Often his own negotiations had been less structured. More fluid. But, Tony clearly took a more organized approach. Steve wanted to meet him where he was at.
“Pepper is a badass. Comes across as the serious, no nonsense type at first. And, don’t get me wrong, she is definitely a serious woman who is more than capable of getting what she wants. But, she can be lighthearted too.” He sounded fond. “Goodness knows, she’d never put up with me otherwise.” He laughed, and again it sounded slightly tinged with self-deprecation. Steve was learning to hate that.
“I’m sorry.” He apologized, for the second time that night. Just as painfully earnest as the first. “I should know better. Of course…”
“My mother started taking me to art museums when I was only three or four. I was a loud unruly child. It was a wonder she had the patience. But, she liked the company. And, eventually I started paying attention to what was around me.”
Which honestly was what first surprised Steve. He hadn’t taken Tony for the kind of guy who kept exceedingly detailed and organized kink lists filled out and updated to share with prospective doms as needed? Truth be told, he didn’t know anyone who did that. And, he was definitely well tapped in to the safer sex community.
And, if he was being honest with himself, he knew the perfect place for that. So, taking an intentional deep breath, drawing the air down past his binder and feeling his chest rise and fall, he sent another text.
Tony looked over suddenly, as if surprised. Steve got the impression that he’d startled him out of thought. He wondered what the other man had been thinking about.
“She’s kind. The kind of person who notices what folks need and tries to give it to them when she can. And, she’s smart. Just get her started talking about one of her topics…” He continued to wax poetic about the woman, and Steve sipped his champagne, dry and flavorless as it was, and enjoyed listening.
They would take it slow. That was important to Steve. Learn each other as they went. Gradually press deeper as they created their own dynamic together. They would keep having these conversations. That was important to Tony. Regular check-ins, debrief after play. Be honest with one another, work to be on the same page.
Instead, he followed him to a mercifully quiet table, tucked into one of the back corners. Steve pulled out a chair for the man, the gesture instinctual. His mama had always placed an emphasis on manners, and somehow it felt right to pull out such old-fashioned courtesies here.
He didn’t mind, though. It was both their right. And, they’d only met tonight. As much as it felt almost as if they’d known one another for much longer than that.
But, they hadn’t talked. And, they’d have to do that before they ever actually played. Steve was adamant about proper kink negotiation. He didn’t know whether or not to be surprised that Tony was apparently was too.
He didn’t like being handed things. He had PTSD. He worked too much. And, slept too little. He forgot about things. Hyperfocused. He sometimes seemed to hate himself. It was only that last one that Steve really disliked.
Glancing self-consciously down at himself, Steve knew he more closely resembled the twinks sprawled comfortably across their doms’ laps or leaning against their legs while they knelt. To be clear, nothing wrong with that. Steve wasn’t judging. It wasn't that. It was just … why would anyone want a dom that looked like him. Especially when they were surrounded by all these tall handsome men that Steve couldn’t help blushing at.
He talked to a few folks about his drawings. All just the polite interaction from people who think that they really must say hello to the artist and ask some vaguely intelligent question if they look at their art for any amount of time. Steve doesn’t mind it. It’s how these things always go.
And, the way the man, Steve realized that he still didn’t know his name, didn’t actually know his gender or pronouns either come to think of it, lit up in response to that was … well adorable was really the best word. There was something in his eyes that was so painfully sweet it made Steve want to kiss him.
And, Steve blinked. Because, he could think of quite a few reasons. But, at the moment, there was clearly something going on for Tony. And, he was left feeling out at sea because he really didn’t know the other man well enough to support him, but he was struck by just how badly he wanted to.
“Umm.” He started, still feeling that he owed a better apology than he’d managed to give. A gorgeous man comes up to him and the first thing he does is ogle him without so much as a word of hello.
"Incoming transmission from War Machine," Jarvis announced after an hour of complete silence on the Quinjet.
After denting the wall with a sledgehammer, Tony picked up his helmet. Its now dark eyes stared at him. Mocking him. Pepper was right. Iron Man may be living up life, enjoying his new friendship with Steve and the Avengers. But Tony Stark was rotting away on the inside.
Iron Man took one last look at the pile of rubble that had once been their home before flying after the Quinjet. The ramp lowered, allowing Iron Man to fly inside. He set Steve down and punched a button on the wall, closing the ramp.
The enemy unloaded their bullets, many of them screaming as they did so. Iron Man didn't even flinch. He spun around once, mowing down the gunmen with his lasers. The lasers had been aimed at their legs. As much as Tony hated these people, he didn't want to kill anyone. Pitiful groaning and crying echoed around the large room.
Steve grabbed Tony by the shoulder, "Stark. I'm serious. Peter has been through enough emotional trauma already. Don't add to it."
"RUN, RUN, RUN!!" Tony screamed. Steve pulled Clint onto his back and took off. The rest of the team didn't need to be told twice, everyone running as fast as their legs would carry them. Tony stayed back, using his repulsor to slice through several branches that hung over the river, creating a small blockade and buying them a bit of time. The moment that was done, Tony turned on heel and sprinted after his team.
"No, I didn't," Tony muttered, absentmindedly rubbing his chest. He stopped in his tracks when the hairs on the back of his neck stood up. Someone was watching them. Slowly, he turned to face the way they had come. A pair of eyes peered out of the shadows, staring right at Tony.
"Each time he's fought Stane he's barely made it out alive. How many times has that many literally ripped out his heart? How many times has he beat him and left him for dead? Hell, he fractured Tony's skull earlier this year!"
“I’m coming, I’m coming. Bye, Jarvis,” Steve said to the AI out of habit, waving a hand at the ceiling. The AI didn’t answer. Steve chalked it up to the AI only liking to answer to Tony. He didn’t find it at all strange that the AI hadn’t uttered a single word since before dinner last night. Tony, on the other hand, did find it odd. He frowned at the ceiling, deep in thought for a moment before shrugging it off and leaving the workshop with Steve at his side. Steve decided to take a chance and took Tony's hand. The cyborg didn't protest.
"We should go out tonight. Grab a drink, dance with some dolls," Bucky smiled, elbowing his friend in the ribs. "Or fellas. I'm leaning towards fellas today."
"Well, if you're not going to dance with someone, then I am," Natasha drug Clint out onto the dance floor.
"Great. It's time you learned how to drive, anyway." Tony found an empty parking lot and switched seats with Peter. He briefly explained the controls and then sat back, slipping on a pair of sunglasses.
Wanda muted the TV and set the remote aside. The tail end of the battle had been broadcasted on all the major news networks. "Guess that's that. What now?" She looked over her shoulder at her teammate, who stood right behind the couch.
Without warning, Spider-man dived down onto the Shocker, knocking him out with one swift blow to the back of the head. Upon seeing their leader fall, the remaining henchmen scattered.
"Okay." Iron Man shifted around so that he was fully on the bed, leaning against the headboard. Steve moved over to give him room. Iron Man made Jarvis turn the lights back off. "Try to get some rest, Cap. I'll stand guard."
Peter hummed. He still had no idea how they were going to do it, but hearing Tony say he would work on it put Peter's mind at ease. "Okay, thanks, dad." Peter closed his eyes and drifted off.
"No. Steve needs help. Right now," Tony hissed. "I'm not going to waste time trying to fix something that can't be fixed! Every moment we waste is another moment that Steve could be bleeding out. Or worse."
"Peter, calm down, it's just me." Iron Man reached for Peter's arm, raising his face plate in the process.
"Um...hi?" Natasha blinked. She repeated 'hello' in a few other languages, trying to find one that the man knew. He didn't react to any of them. The man pointed to the blood on Tony's arm and said something else. "We need help," Natasha said flatly. "Our friend. He was taken by a dragon." She pointed at the sky and then to the castle. The man nodded. He took a bottle out from under his robes and approached the group. He knelt down by Clint and poured a glowing blue liquid onto the bandages covering his ankle. Clint yelped in pain but quickly relaxed when the pain suddenly stopped.
The symbiote's face melted away with one final scream. The black liquid covered the floor, but for once, it didn't move. Peter fell to his hands and knees, breathing heavily.
"I have to agree with Rhodes on this one, Tony," Steve put in his two cents. "Besides, it's not really fair to put him under house arrest."
The Quinjet mentioned earlier wasn't too far from the exit to the stairs. No other Agents were in sight. They could hear gunshots and shouts from somewhere on the other side of the ship.
mouth shut!! How would you like that, you son of a bitch?!" Tony roared, thrashing against Steve's hold, wanting nothing more than to rip out Bruce's throat.
Bucky put his arm around Iron Man's shoulders. "There's no harm in showing them. They're just curious."
"Looks like that won't be a problem..." Tony lowered both his repulsors. Bodies littered the floor, all still alive, but unconscious or trapped in webbing.
"Iron Man, you literally sat on the floor and did nothing while I walked away with it." Rhodes pinched the bridge of his nose.
"Correction, I don't mind being called Iron Man. It's just weird, having you guys call me that all the time," Iron Man said quickly. "Considering I don't call you guys by your code names outside of missions."
"That's the point," Maria hill stepped forward, gun pointed at Iron Man's head. The bullet wouldn't do any damage, but she still felt compelled to point some form of weapon at the robot.
As soon as the light turned green Tony slammed on the gas and made a sharp turn, cutting off the motorcycles. Bike tires shrieked as the three sped off in opposite directions.
"I was tortured too. They said they were going to cure my cancer. Not exactly the cure I wanted, but you know..." Deadpool motioned to his face. Everyone on the team had seen Deadpool without his mask, but few could stomach looking at him.
"Time sure does fly on your world. Little time has passed on my own." Thor boomed, "what have a missed? No more robot armies, I pray."
Repulsors shot through the wall, beheading the two bots standing guard. They crumpled to the ground, sparks flying from their frayed wires.
War Machine snacked his arm down, the sudden movement shocked Stark and caused him to fire a shot. The man shrieked when the ground exploded just inches away from his arm. "You need to calm down," Rhodey said to his friend.
"Hey, Tony, you might want to check on bug boy. It's a good thing you had a backup tracker in that suit."
Iron Man shot through the sky like a rocket, his repulsors screaming behind him. Someone was attacking Pepper's home in Malibu. Someone was attacking Pepper.
"Alright. Let's get to it, then." The two Avengers sifted through the surveillance footage. Eventually, they spotted the familiar red and blue costume. The time on the footage showed "1:52 am" in big red angry letters. Spider-man darted across the ceilings and in and out of the vents. Something brown and fuzzy was stuck to his shoulder.
Someone had stitched Peter's mouth shut. Dried blood covered his chin and lips. Peter covered his face his with hands, his shoulders wracking with sobs.
"Denied. This is your cell, for now, Stark. Parker, come with me. It's your turn for questioning." Fury moved in between Tony and his son.
"You need to stop messing with my suit. It's getting annoying," Iron Man flew back the way he had come. He wouldn't find Bruce at this rate, and he didn't want to be separated from Peter for too long. The kid could obviously hold his own against Osborn, but Tony was still a concerned dad.
The other photo was taken at his high school graduation. The Avengers were swarmed around him, making faces at the camera and throwing their arms around each other. They had gotten a stranger to take the picture so that they could drag Happy into it. Happy looked less than Happy to be there. They were all dressed 'undercover'. Although, Steve's idea of undercover was wearing a baseball cap and sunglasses. The others had similar ideas.
"That was badass," Peter smiled. Happy didn't smile back, but he did give Peter a friendly clap on the back.
"Why tell me about it then? Now that I know about it, I'll just get Stark and Banner to take it out."
"Not easily," Tony muttered. "Venom is probably still angry that I separated it from Richard. It's not going to back down from Richard's son without a fight." The engineer took a deep breath, "Peter is going to hate me after this."
"I know, I know, I just...I need these out of my body. I need to be able to control what happens to me. I want my body back to the way it was before."
"Do you really think it's a good idea to let him into the compound? Or Tony's lab? He could've stolen something and given it to his father." Natasha pointed out.
"Good," she kissed him on the lips. Peter reached over and switched off the light on the nightstand.
Peter tiptoed around his room, grabbing various objects and putting them in his backpack. "Change of clothes, extra suit, a fuck ton of web fluid, homework, calculator, toothbrush...aaand food money," Peter said under his breath as he dug through the bag, making sure he had everything. His suit had been washed and he donned it once more. Grabbing his mask, Peter climbed up on the window sill.
"Ask me again after I've had my coffee," Tony said. In truth, he wasn't sure himself. He didn't feel like Tony Stark anymore. He felt like that part of him was dead. But at the same time, he felt as though he didn't really deserve to be Iron Man. So who was he? Right now he felt like something that just sort of...existed. No purpose. No reason. He was just...there.
Clint started towards the door only for Natasha to grab him by the back of the shirt. "Don't. Let them be."
Kraven lounged on the couch, legs propped up on the armrest. He rolled a tiny vial between his fingers, studying the strange black liquid within. Osborn had given him a small piece of the symbiote as a way of thanking Kraven for letting him use Spider-man. Osborn didn't really explain what it was, just that it would make Kraven stronger. Faster. More aggressive in his hunt. Kraven wasn't one for drugs, but he was intrigued by the substance. Physical contact. That was what Osborn had said would activate it. Kraven wanted to test it out, but he wasn't about to try it without knowing exactly what it did. An idea popped into his head and he slowly turned to look at the arachnid still chained up on the other side of the room.
Unlike Iron Man, there had been no one inside the other bot. Whoever was controlling it was still out there. Luckily, the mystery antagonist hadn't made a move to attack the Avengers in the time Iron Man was gone. But it was only a matter of time before they showed themselves.
"If you say so. I don't have time to worry about it right now. I'm going to meet Fury. Figure out what's going on. Oh, and you shouldn't sleep up here. You'll fall and break your neck," Tony's voice was as metallic as ever behind his mask.
He actually enjoyed how thorough Tony was. It gave him a clearer picture of what the other man was like as a sub. He was surprised by how much it helped him understand Tony. And, all of the context was honestly super useful. Knowing things like not only does Tony enjoy blindfolds, but they pair especially well with temperature play or bondage. And, that he likes both hot sensations and cold ones, but not together.
Leaving Steve reeling in the parking lot. The more he interacted with Tony, the more he wanted to know all of him. And, where all of the different components met. The charming flirt. The insecure man. The adorable nerd. The compassionate friend. The anxious mess. The painfully sweet sub. Tony was beautifully complex. And, Steve found himself wanting to know him in all of his nuance.
And, it felt good. Comfy. They learned more about one another. There was still a lot that Steve still didn’t know. And, still a lot that he hadn’t shared. But, there was more and more that he did know. Tony’s favorite color was red. He liked good food, fancy snobbish stuff, but couldn’t cook worth a damn. And, also happily devoured horrible food truck mystery meat and other things that could only slightly be classed as edible.
But, before he could respond, before he even decided how he wanted to respond, another message came through, followed by one more.
He didn’t blame Steve for being uncomfortable. Not that he ever would blame anyone for something like that. But, yeah, he wasn’t the most at home here either. Somehow he guessed that a lot of the people here wouldn’t think that being ace and aro was really queer enough. And, if that didn't tell you something about the vibe of the place, then Bucky didn’t know what would.
Tony smiled slightly, but the expression didn’t really reach his eyes. “Apology accepted.” Steve replied for lack of anything better to say.
Terms of endearment were one of the things they’d talked about. So, many things. It was nice, having it all laid out. Intentional and loving. Steve’s mind was already beginning to spin into all of the things he could do with Tony. All of the things they could share together. He knew that Tony’s was too.
Tony shouldn’t have answered right away. He should have been asleep. Like reasonable people ought to be at three in the morning. But, instead his phone buzzed almost immediately with an answer. Steve couldn’t find it in himself to be that annoyed with Tony for not taking better care of himself. Besides, the same accusation could be made of him.
Everything was hung up. The music played softly in the background. A few of the other artists had already helped themselves to the refreshments and were now milling about making awkward perfunctory chit chat.
His art isn’t necessarily well loved. Not that there aren’t folks who appreciate it. Critics always have interesting things to say. And, there’s a Tumblr post where someone compiled a bunch of it that has more notes than he can really comprehend.
Steve sat down first, letting Tony decide how close to him he wanted to be. Happy when Tony settled down right next to him, with their legs pressed against one another and elbows brushing. He didn’t lean on him, not for this conversation. But, he was right there and that was nice.
“I want to ask him out. I want so much with him. I just don’t know how.” He admitted quietly, staring resolutely at the carpet in front of him, not wanting to look up.
“I’m not interested.” He repeated, louder and more forcefully. And, in a moment Bucky was there. Together they pushed past the guy, moving away quickly.
They walked arm in arm to the bar. Bucky a solid head and then some taller than Steve, but they’ve long since learned the knack of how to fit themselves comfortably together. Platonic physical touch was important to both of them.
“Umm. Yes. You’re lovely. I mean, very handsome.” He stammered, far too awkward all at once. Steve would never be smooth, not like this man, but usually he wasn’t this horribly graceless.
"Pity. I do miss you. You and the team. I have such fond memories of our little dysfunctional family."
Tony paused, looking down where his legs should have been. What remained of his left leg was sticking out of the end of his shorts. The metal plating and cables fused with his flesh were on full display. "They were bothering me. So I took them off."
"That explains why nothing we're doing is working..." Tony took out his tablet and pulled up one of the scans he had taken of Peter's body. Sure enough, there was a small square at the base of his skull. Tony had mistaken it for part of Peter's spine the first time he had seen it. "FRIDAY, get Banner up here. We need to operate immediately!"
"Sorry doesn't cut it!" Clint punched the wall. "You lied to us for years! You, you...argh! I can't do this right now!" He collected his bow and quiver from the coffee table and stormed out of the room.
Iron Man soared high above the city, following the web-slinger as he zig-zagged through the streets. Trackers had been put in Peter's web shooters, without his knowledge. Tony had put them there years ago, and thankfully he hadn't had to use them until now. The sun was starting to set, he had been following Peter for hours. Although Tony was impressed by how long he could web sling, he was worried that Spidey would hurt himself. Thankfully, Spider-man stopped on a fire escape, perching on the railing. Tony dived down and landed next to him. The metal walkway creaked under the weight of Tony's armor. Spider-man ignored his foster parent.
Tony huffed but said nothing else. Eventually, they found the poor spider hiding in a closet. Tony caught it in a cardboard box and carried it at arm's length. He handed the spider back over to Peter once they had found him as well.
"I have to say, Doc. Fighting in the rain is definitely something I will not be doing again anytime soon." Spider-man could feel blood running down the back of his arm, snaking its way under his web shooter. Warm, sticky and uncomfortable.
Peter shook his head violently. The symbiote was digging through his memories, pulling up images of when Bruce had strapped him to a table, promising Peter that he wouldn't hurt him even though he had been slicing up Peter's wrist at the time. Another memory popped up of Bruce inserting needles into his arm. "No! No more needles! No more tests, no more messing with my body! If it's in my blood then it's going to stay there!"
"Not gonna happen," Peter said sternly. Even before his spider sense went crazy, he was hesitant to let anyone handle his spider.
Meanwhile, Iron Man dropped down the trap door, landing with a heavy metallic clang. War Machine landed next to him with an even heavier thud.
Steve pointed towards the other side of the room. "I hit him with the shield and he went flying that way." Tony followed where he was pointing. He could just barely make out a dark shadow in the fire. A shadow was quickly moving towards them. "He's coming back! Can you fight?!" Steve hauled Tony to his feet.
"This doesn't make any sense." Fury frowned from the other side of the two-way mirror. After being questioned for several hours, Stark was now alone in the interrogation room.
"I thought he was with Cap?" Sam walked over to them, faltering slightly when he saw Steve sitting on the couch.
"How many times do I have to tell you to sit like a human being?" Sam snapped at Peter, whom he was sitting next to.
"War Machine flew you in," Pepper said. Shit. He said that out loud. "And to answer your first question, no, the Avengers don't know. You're lucky War Machine was nearby. Otherwise, you would've bled out in that damn suit." Pepper shook her head.
A few minutes later Tony found himself diving behind a pile of snow. Steve was already there, hunched over and making snowballs as fast as he could. "There are too many!" Tony yelled.
"Ever heard of carpet?" Peter spat, looking around the room for the first time. It looked like he was in some kind of basement. There were no windows, and the walls were plain wood planks. Animal heads and furs hung from the walls and covered most of the floor. A couch made out of tiger fur sat on the other side of the room was on the other side of the room. "Or maybe not hanging dead animals up everywhere? Not very welcoming."
"Damnit Stark! Pick up your phone! Something is very, very, very, wrong with Peter! He...ugh...let me just send you the voicemail he left me." Michelle's voice snapped. The message clicked, signaling its end.
"What?" Tony frowned. Even in the dim light, he could make out the worry on the other man's face. God, he hated it. He didn't need anyone's pity. Definitely not Steve's.
Steve came back a few hours later to check on Peter. He sighed in relief when he saw the teen fast asleep.
Tony guided his son away from the crowd. Peter sat on the front steps of the building, wrapping his arms around himself. Tony took off his jacket and draped it around Peter's shoulders. Peter pulled the fabric tighter around his thin frame.
"Reports for Fury," Steve said slowly. He eyed the cyborg carefully, wondering why he had barged in.
"Yup. He's been using your phone to call Tony. But the calls keep dropping whenever Tony picks up." Steve shrugged.
Bruce pushed himself to his feet, putting everyone even more on edge than they already were. "It'd be wise to step aside and let me walk away. Big green doesn't need to rest for very long," he reminded them, keeping his hands at his side.
"We want Spider-man. If you can't provide, then we have no further business here," Wanda stood up to leave. Bruce glanced at her but remained sitting. He wasn't going to leave until he got what he wanted.
Peter shook his head violently. His whole body trembled from the effects of the tasers. Tony tightened his grip on his son as a way to steady him.
Tony jumped at Steve's voice. "There's someone..." The eyes vanished. "Well, there was someone. What?" Steve was standing a bit too close. And giving him a strange look.
"No. You don't deserve his love," Tony said out loud. There was no one around to hear him. He was soaring through the sky, miles above the clouds. Not another soul in sight. "You don't have a heart." He went on. "Fight and protect. That's your only mission in life. Fight and protect. Growing old with a hot super soldier isn't part of that mission."
"Honestly, I don't remember what I had for breakfast. I feel fine, though," Tony shrugged. Did he talk to Thor this morning? The lack of sleep was causing everything to blur together. He vaguely remembered stumbling around Bruce's lab early in the morning. He must have talked to Thor then.
"Cap?" Natasha put a hand on his bicep. "We'll find him." Steve nodded slowly. "We will." Natasha squeezed his arm before heading back the way they had come.
Steve paced back and forth in his office, deep in thought. A small stack of papers was strewn across his desk. The printer whirred as it spat out another file. Steve ran over and grabbed the paper, only to let out a sigh when he saw that it was just Peter's report card. "FRIDAY, is this all the info you have on Stark's son?"
This chapter didn't turn out quite as intense as I said it would. Mostly because I decided to push back a certain scene...
"Daddy!" May rushed over to him, throwing herself into his arms. Peter scooped up his daughter and held her close.
"Where's the fire?" Clint joked when Fury and Maria's hill entered the room, several SHIELD agents following close behind. The agents positioned themselves at the doors and windows of the conference room, holding their guns over their chests.
"It shouldn't be! Figure out how he did it later! Shut it down now! I can't do anything in here! You guys have to destroy the reactor before someone gets hurt!" Tony explained. Cap grabbed his shield and slammed into Iron Man's chest. The Iron Avenger stumbled back before catching his footing and attacking Steve.
Steve grabbed the back of one of the kitchen chairs to steady himself. "Were you...you were hurting yourself again."
"Don't see Clint's bow anywhere either...or the Iron Man suit...weird..." Natasha looked around the clearing, hands on her hips. Her Widow's Bite bracelets had mysteriously disappeared from her wrists. "Our stuff must have gotten scattered across the forest when the jet broke apart."
Thor cleared his throat, "as disappointed in our cyborg as I may be. I can't find it in myself to hate him. Stark was merely protecting himself. He did the right thing, telling us the truth even though he knew it would harm our kinship. And for that I forgive him. "
"You gave it to me. It's on your work bench. You could've come up here and gotten it at any point." Tony pocketed his phone. "Thought you were done being Spider-man?"
Bucky quickly exited the kitchen, not wanting to deal with his hungover teammates. Clint was a dick on normal days. But a complete ass when he was hungover. Natasha wasn't much better. She wasn't annoying so much as scary. Bucky was leaving the kitchen mostly to avoid her wrath. He stopped in his tracks upon hearing a loud crash. It had come from Iron Man's workshop, just down the hall from where Bucky now stood. Worried about the robot within, Bucky opened the door just enough to peek inside. The room was dark, other than a single lamp that hung over the workbench. The blinds were drawn, although small slivers of sunlight lined the floor. No sign of Iron Man.
Pepper, sweet Pepper, had made sure Tony had an actual bed at the compound. The workshop had already been under construction when Tony had last been there, but now there was an actual bedroom attached to it, hidden behind a secret door. The bedroom was complete with a bathroom and kitchen area. It was small, but exactly what he needed. The construction workers had been paid extra to not ask any questions.
"Physically, yes. You're fine. But mentally? Tony, what you experienced was extremely traumatic. You shouldn't be pushing yourself like this."
"The robot has spoken," Sam chuckled. "I'm with him and the kid. I think we should give him the benefit of the doubt until he actually does something wrong. Peter, can you chop up a few onions for me? I forgot to do it earlier."
"Lockdown the workshop. We have a lot of work to do on the armor." Tony got up and stretched. "And put on a pot of coffee, while you're at it."
"Get down!" Iron Man called, raising his arms in an X. The back of his wrists slid open, revealing the lasers within. Steve dropped to his knees, shield held above his head. The cyborg spun in a circle, mowing down their attackers with the red lasers. He lowered his arms and Steve took that as his cue to stand up.
"There's nothing to talk about," Tony went into the bathroom, locking the door behind him. Steve left the room when he heard the shower being turned on.
"Having a helmet implies that there's a head inside. Most likely with a face." Bruce pointed out. "And he changes his helmet once a month, so..."
"Too late," Steve chirped, a big grin on his face, "follow me!" Peter followed his second father out of the kitchen and away from the common area, unaware that there was another Steve still sitting on the couch.
"I'm going to stop you right there!" Steve slapped a hand over Iron Man's mouth, even though the action did little to muffle the speakers. "You are exactly what I want." He pulled his hand away so he could give Iron Man a kiss on the mouth. "You're perfect."
"I was imagining what you would look like if you had one." Steve used a blue pencil to color in the eyes. No pupils, just glowing blue orbs. Tony chuckled. Steve had gotten that little detail half right. "I actually based you off Tony Stark. Hope you don't mind."
"No. I was a bit out of it for awhile after...everything. I guess he would've had to tell the public why two Avengers attacked Queens. What exactly did he say?" Peter was curious now.
Tony jolted awake. He was panting heavily, sweat dripping down his face. Tony wrestled with the blankets tangled around his legs. "J-Jarvis?"
Natasha smiled at the boy she considered her nephew, "good." A brief pause, "how do you feel about us? Are we still your family?"
Tony punched the enter key. The "Activate" button flashed green. "That'll do it..." Tony murmured right before his vision blacked out. He was vaguely aware of the fact that he had toppled from the stool and was now lying in a crumpled heap on the ground. Dum-E nudged his shoulder, its beeping high pitched and frantic. In the distance, he could hear several explosions.
"I would. If you hadn't fried him to hell and back. The poor kid can barely form a logical sentence!" Fury answered. "The only thing he's said that's made sense is 'I want to see my family'. That's it. The rest is just garbled nonsense."
Tony's repulsors whirred, but he otherwise remained still. His own armor couldn't detect the other suit in front of him. No heat signatures, no nothing. It was like he was seeing a ghost. And in a way, he was. Obediah was dead. But that suit of armor looked very real. He switched to his robotic eye but still came up with nothing.
Bruce shook his head. "No. Everyone with the exception of Peter and Tony is ready to fight, and they're going to keep their guards up for quite awhile. We'll have to wait for the perfect moment to strike."
It was around six am when Spider-man took a break, sitting down on the sidewalk with his feet in the gutter. He was exhausted and didn't care that he was resting at street level. Peter hadn't brought his phone with him, but he could picture the countless worried texts Michelle and Ned were sending him.
"Yes, sir." The AI brought up the location on one of the screens. "Vitals are unstable. Captain Rogers may be in need of medical attention."
"I'm not hungry," Tony repeated, starting for the door. His entire face lit up with joy upon seeing his ex-lover. "I changed my mind," he said to Bucky. "We should go to dinner. All three of us! Come to dinner with us, Cap, it'll be fun." He gave Steve a warm smile.
Osborn's face twisted into something Tony couldn't quite read. The smile on his face with giving the Avenger chills. "Guess we're doing this the hard way, then."
Steve walked along the rails, shining a flashlight in front of them. Thor's heavy footsteps echoed from somewhere behind him. Every once in awhile something would move out of the corner of his eye. Usually a small rodent, or water dripping from the ceiling. They followed the tracks down, down, down. Steve clenched his jaw. What was Iron Man doing here? He switched off the flashlight when he spotted light ahead. He could hear the sharp clang of metal grinding against metal.
"I don't care. Ned got hurt in the explosion. I'm not leaving until I get even," Michelle stood her ground. "I'm going to fight by your side and you can't stop me!"
"I'm going to beat Steve's star-spangled ass," Bucky made a bowl of cereal as aggressively as possible. He spilled milk on the counter in the process and practically beat the poor countertop with a paper towel.
"Because this little revelation is going to tear them apart from the inside out. It's going to destroy Iron Man. Which is what I wanted. And it's going to destroy the Avengers. Which is what you wanted." Obadiah explained.
Spider-man leaped off a semi, landing silently in the grass. An abandoned gas station stood not far away. He had been here before, two years ago when he had been after the Vulture. "Never thought I'd be back here..." Peter said under his breath.
The agent grabbed Tony by the arm before he could get very far. The man may have been a lot smaller than Tony, but he had a grip like iron. "No. We have to go now. If anyone sees you they'll shoot you on the spot."
Tony had only been in the room for .5 seconds before decking Bruce in the face. Bruce stumbled back in shock. He threw up his hands to try and defend himself as Tony started wailing on him, knocking him to the floor and punching the ever loving shit out of him.
"I never said I was on your side!" Clint protested. Tony threw a snowball at him, but it missed and hit Natasha. That's when all hell broke loose.
"Alright, Avengers." Spider-man took his place at the head of the table, formerly Captain America's seat. "We have a lot to discuss today, so let's get to it."
Sam darted forward and punched the button, instantly putting the jet into stealth mode. The agent made a sharp turn and ducked under one of their pursuers, and continued flying in the opposite direction. The two jets that had been following them continued forward for a short bit before having no choice but to return to the Helicarrier.
Tony looked down at the dark liquid in his hands. "He tells me he loves me a lot. I don't know if he means it or if he's just telling me what I want to hear." There was no shortage of pitying looks when it came to Steve. And Tony was honestly getting sick of it.
"I believe so..." Steve closed the laptop he had been taking notes on. Papers were strewn around the table, and everyone had a tablet or computer in front of them. Except for Peter, who just brought his notebook. Their monthly meetings didn't usually last long, as they were just meant to touch base with each of the members and go over any recent missions. Thor had announced he would be staying with the Avengers for quite awhile, so this meeting had been spent catching Thor up on everything that had happened the last six years. "Anything else to add?" Steve leaned back in his chair, looking around at his teammates. They exchanged looks and shook their heads. "Tony? Did you want to talk about-"
Steve ignored him. "What do you like to take pictures of?" He held the camera up to his face, looking at Tony through the viewfinder.
"HANG ON! I GOT YOU!" Spider-man dove after her, using a web to grab her and pull her into his arms. Michelle clung to him tightly, continuing to scream as the ground quickly rushed up to meet them. Spider-man shot out a large web between the fence and the school. At the last second, Peter wrapped himself around MJ and tossed his weight to the side, causing them to flip positions so that he was on the bottom. "OOF!" The wind was knocked out of him when they landed on the web. "You okay?" He relaxed his grip on Michelle.
"I can alter it to accept your biology. Shouldn't be too difficult. But I want something in return." Bruce set the vial down and looked up at Osborn.
"Well, come on in," Doctor Strange held the door open until everyone was inside. "Can I get you all anything to drink?" He asked while he led the way upstairs to a large room filled with magical objects.
"You can't control everything, Tony. All you can do now is be there for him. And I'll be right there with you. All of the Avengers will."
"It's hard to explain. It's like a suit of armor, but it has a mind of its own. It was designed to need a human host to survive, but Richard found out the hard way that that was not the case. If it doesn't have a host, it's supposed to stay in a liquid state. A black liquid to be specific," Tony picked up a vial of black liquid but decided it wasn't what he was looking for and set it back down. "It turns out it can take the form of a man, even if it's not attached to a human."
Pepper smiled, "alright. I'll make you something. For now, you should rest." Tony nodded and let his human eye flutter shut. The metal plates in his right eye socket shifted, spiraling shut over the glowing eyeball. Rhodey slipped the facial prosthetic back onto Tony's head, knowing he would be upset if he woke up without it.
Clint held up his hands, "sorry, bro. Are...are you okay? You're breathing kinda funny-PETER!!!" The archer lunged forward when Spidey suddenly went limp, falling from the ceiling. Steve, Tony, and Sam came running when they heard Clint scream. They found him holding an unconscious Spider-man in his arms. Strangled gasps escaped the web slinger's throat. Clint tore off his mask and tilted his head back, a desperate attempt to get more air into his lungs.
"We're not dead, stop your whining!" Steve marched through the doorway. "And you're the one who owes me money, not the other way around!"
"No. Mr. Stark did. I built all the other ones, though," Iron Man explained. "They're like my children."
"Yes, we are still...close," Peter said through gritted teeth. He hadn't spoken to Tony since his father lashed out at him. He realized that he hadn't spoken to any of the Avengers since then. He made a mental note to visit the compound after work. "...why?"
"Don't tell anyone," Tony said when Bucky had his hand on the doorknob. "Please. I know you don't understand. But I have my reasons for hiding behind a suit of armor. If the Avengers find out..." Tony clutched the helmet close to his chest. "Please. Don't tell anyone. Especially not Steve." Bucky looked back at him. Tony looked...exhausted. Broken. Bucky felt compelled to hug him, but he stayed firmly planted to his spot.
"I'd love to hear it," Iron Man leaned forward on his hands, head tilted in an innocent fashion. Steve stood next to him, arms crossed, with a very unimpressed look aimed at Fury.
"I liked your old suit better," a man commented, looking Spider-man up and down. Spider-man was patrolling during the day and had stopped at a hot dog stand for lunch. He still hadn't found a new job, so he had to do something with all his free time. Maybe he should take up Tony's offer and start working for Stark Industries? Tony would give him a high ranking position right off the bat, and the money was very tempting. "This new costume looks like shit." The hot dog stand owner said. Spider-man had known the owner of the hot dog stand for awhile, but nothing he ever did seemed to impress the man.
"Of course you wouldn't. That's what this microchip is for. It'll give you a helpful nudge in the right direction."
"Steve is a lot of things. But a liar isn't one of them. If he says he loves you, then he means it." Clint shrugged. "Do you still love him?" Tony gave a small nod. "Maybe you two should talk."
"So what's the deal with you and Iron Man then? Friends with Benefits?" Clint elbowed him in the ribs.
"Tony, please. We'll be heading back out in ten hours and I need you...oh my god..." Steve suddenly bolted to his feet.
Steve did not understand why. He got what he wanted, didn't he? It was hard that they had to deal with political problems, the Accords, but Steve didn't care, not that, he had gotten Bucky back.
Tony was also helping Peter a little with other questions of a more scientific nature, helping him in building his new uniform and trying to teach the youngster some tricks. He was smart by nature, but he didn't quite match what Tony was at that age. Peter was one of the best of his class, sure, but a natural genius that could have graduated college? Tony wasn't sure, but it was probably because the boy didn't put much intent in it, he wanted to fight, to be on the battlefield, but if he didn't have the technology to help him, it would be a lot harder, so Tony pushed.
"No. Wait until after my mission is complete," Tony called his armor. The cold metal encased itself around his body. He shivered. "Jarvis, make sure no one can track me."
"Mr. Stark. I have found something you may want to see," The Vision floated calmly over to said man. Tony didn't seem to hear him until Vision dropped a backpack onto his lap. It was a standard tan school bag, although the tiny Star Wars pins on the straps were all too familiar.
"They'll kill each other," Natasha appeared next to Steve. "The others bots have been taken care of." She added quickly. "Iron Man's fighting the last one."
After letting his team know he was alright, Tony spent the next week avoiding everyone. He stayed in his workshop mostly. A hidden room in the tower where he could exist outside of his armor and work in peace. As Tony got to work on building a new arm, his mind wandered to when the Avengers first assembled two years ago.
"I know teenage rebellion is a thing, but this is getting out of hand, Spidey!" Tony got to his feet and took a defensive stance. At this point, the entire room was engulfed in fire. The flames were no doubt spreading to the rest of the building. Spidey backed into the smoke. "FRIDAY, where is he?!"
"It's okay," Iron Man shrugged. The murder bot was now nothing but scraps, having been completely picked apart by the armored Avenger. Iron Man had moved to one of the computers, going over the data he had collected. Steve took a seat next to him and laid his head on his shoulder. It was almost one in the morning, and the Captain looked beyond exhausted. "You doing okay, Cap? It's getting late, you should probably go to bed."
"As much as I would like to find answers to my own questions about Henry, we still have to focus on helping Peter first," Tony reminded his fellow scientist.
"If I can't have you, then nobody can," Venom lashed out, slicing through Peter's shirt and drawing blood.
"You thought I was gonna let you leave? That's funny. You're trapped in my bed for the night. Deal with it."
"Peter's hurt bad...hurt real bad..." Tony whispered. He looked over at his suit. Blood dripped from the metal torso. Peter's blood. "I think I'm gonna be sick."
"Tones, we didn't find out until a few hours before you escaped. Bruce was the one who found out, but he Hulked out before he could tell anyone." Bucky stepped forward. "If we had known, we would've come for you. Please believe me when I say that we wouldn't have let you suffer another second in that hell hole, had we known sooner." Iron Man slowly turned to look at Bucky. Bucky was still his best friend, and he wanted to believe him. Bucky took the last step separating the two and pulled Iron Man into his arms. Tony didn't put up a fight. "I'm so sorry, we did everything we could."
"They don't need to know yet. Peter and I will be there to explain soon..." Tony responded, gripping the steering wheel so tightly his knuckles turned white.
I was thinking about having this be part 1 of a superfamily series in which Peter deals with his anxiety disorder, among other things.
"I ought to smack you," she grabbed him by the collar and pulled him down to her level. "Tony said he told you all the truth. Said everything was fine. Told me not to worry because he had everything handled. But then I stop by for a visit and find out that everything is
"What brings you here, Spidey?" Wanda asked. She still had tons of questions, but she was suspicious about why Spider-man was at the compound. It was a long way from Queens, and the wall-crawler only made the trek if they had a mission or meeting.
"He is not a child. He is a mighty warrior, and as such he should have the right to come and go as he pleases," Thor defended Peter.
Peter crawled away from his parents so he could slip into his Spider-man suit in private. After that was done he moved over to the front door, slowly pushing through it. The screen creaked and slammed shut behind him. Peter froze, looking over his shoulder. No sign of the noise having woken anyone.
Steve looked up just in time to see the two bots hurtling towards the ground. They landed with a loud boom and a cloud of dust. "Iron Man!" He called the moment the dust cleared, terrified of what he saw. His teammate was locked in a battle to the death against a bot that towered over him.
"Huh," Bucky said again, nodding slowly. Bucky was still recovering from his time as a brainwashed hydra soldier and didn't talk much. But he always had a lot to say when he did feel like talking. He also had a lot of questions. Mostly about modern life. But also about how Iron Man functioned. Tony didn't mind. He liked Bucky. The softly spoken soldier was friendly and level-headed. But he also possessed enough sass to rival both Tony and Sam.
He wasn't exactly sure what their end goal was with him. If there was one at all. He heard the word 'Extremis' uttered on more than one occasion. The hell was Extremis?! He asked them once.
Steve held his shield in front of him and crept down the hallway. Bucky walked close behind him, fingers twitching on his gun.
. To walk and not feel the constant burn of metal rubbing against exposed muscle. He didn't feel the need to take his legs off anymore. He could walk around all day, hell, he could probably run if he wanted to. Although, he wasn't sure if he was ready to try that quite yet. The amount of running he had done when he rescued his team about killed him. His stumps had been sore for days afterward, and he was pretty sure there was a bit of blood leaking from the connectors. But that pain was gone. His legs functioned better than ever. The discomfort now was more from exhaustion than actual pain from bad connections. "What?" He frowned at the way Steve was staring at his legs, which were hidden by his sweatpants.
Tony didn't want to hold the newborn. He was afraid he would drop her. As much as he protested, Steve still made him stick out his arms. Peter handed over his child, and Tony had no choice but to hold the small thing in his shaking arms. He had never held a baby before. A baby. And not just any baby. His grandchild.
"Guys! Aliens in Chicago! We gotta go!" Clint yelled as he ran past the conference room on the way to the aircraft hangar. Steve glanced at Tony's image before collecting his shield and hurrying out the door.
"Terminate?" Steve choked out. The look in his eyes made Tony feel like someone had stabbed him right through the heart. He wished someone actually had.
Peter dropped his bag on the porch and walked around to the back of the small cabin. From there, the land sloped upwards and became rockier. Peter started hiking up the slope, eventually having to use his wall crawling abilities to scale the sides of the large rocks. It was more of a challenge than his regular wall crawling. Pebbles shifted under his feet with every step. A bird landed above him, its head cocked in curiosity over the strange creature scaling the mountain.
The way Tony spoke sent shivers down Peter's spine. He sounded like he was giving a speech at a funeral. The man clearly hadn't slept in awhile. There were dark circles under his eyes, and although his suit was as pristine as ever, his hair was a complete wreck. Tony paused and slipped on a pair of blue tinted shades. He cleared his throat and continued. "
Tony set the donut box down on the desk. "A girlfriend...wow. And I thought you were gay. You and Ned were really close for awhile-"
"You caused a lot of trouble for Wanda and I. Running off like that," Bruce's voice came in through Tony's speaker. "After everything we did for you? This is how you repay us?"
"Excuse me?" Tony wished he hadn't discarded his jacket earlier. He wanted to hide the fading light in his chest more than ever. The man held up the bottle, pointed at Tony's chest and repeated what he had said. Did he know the damaged arc reactor was barely keeping Tony alive? Tony shook his head, saying, "that won't work on this."
"I'm okay, Henry. Let's get to work." He took out a tablet and pulled up a picture of a small screw. Peter tapped the screen, "I need some of these." Henry raised his front legs and ran off, jumping from surface to surface in his quest to find the screws. Peter watched him with a soft smile, his anxiety calming ever so slightly.
Peter read that particular line over and over. Tony Stark really was like a father then, going as far as adopting him and promising to keep him safe. Peter flipped the photo back over and glared at Stark. The man who tortured him and robbed him of his memories. The memory flashed before his eyes again. Peter shuddered. It didn't matter who Stark used to be, he was nothing but an adversary now. Hatred bubbled up in the pit of Peter's stomach. He wanted to get even more than anything.
The photo was taken by Pepper a few months after they had all moved into the tower. They had just gotten back from a mission. The team, the original six at the time, had collapsed onto the couch, all of them in various states of exhaustion. Thor was in the middle of the dog pile, doing his best to wrap his arms around his male teammates. Clint and Bruce were to his left, with Iron Man and Steve to his right. Natasha was laying across the back of the couch, shoving Iron Man's face into Steve's. Clint was reaching across Thor's lap to tug on Steve's sleeve. Despite being exhausted, everyone's faces were lit up with laughter.
"Oh, yeah. That's right. I need to put that tracker back in your suit. And you need to stop ripping it out," Tony grabbed him by the arm and pulled him out of the kitchen.
"Don't move around too much, you got a nasty head wound." The winter soldier sat back on his haunches. "And we're in a decommissioned Helicarrier by the looks of it."
Tony sighed and leaned against the doorframe, looking at the blank walls that were once covered in Star Wars posters. There was still a hole in the far wall from the one time Peter had punched it after getting into a fight with Tony. Peter went through a lot of teenage angst his sixteenth year. "Who's this friend? And why didn't you tell me?"
"Yes," Iron Man said softly, eyes never leaving Steve's. "And it hurts. I wish Mr. Stark had kept that emotion from me. Because I'm madly in love with someone who can't love me back. And it's tearing me apart."
Peter chuckled, "Sam made them for Steve, and Steve gave them to me. So not technically stealing. Take one before I eat them all."
"What's different?" Bruce was sitting on the other side of the workbench, running a few tests of his own on the bot.
"Well, look who it is!" Bucky's metal hand clanged against Tony's helmet. He plopped down on the other side of Steve. Tony wasn't all that surprised to see the assasin. Bucky was still getting used to living with so many people and hardly left Steve's side. "Where have you been?"
"Absolutely not," Tony punched a command into a control pad on the wall, opening a back entrance to his workshop. "I'd rather not put you in harm's way. This room his Hulk proof. You should be safe here." The Iron Man suit was already flying at him, breaking into pieces before reforming around the engineer's body.
"He's gonna be okay," Natasha's hand ghosted over Steve's shoulder. "He'll get fixed up, just like always. C'mon. Shield's arriving to clean up this mess. We need to get out of their way." Steve let himself be guided back to the Quinjet. He felt numb. People were talking to him, but he didn't hear what they said.
"I hope you find him before he does something stupid," Sam said as he was shuffling to the door. "I don't like him. But I don't want him dead, either."
Steve watched Henry with a frown. "I think we have enough computer chips, Henry." The tarantula kept bringing him tiny computer components. There was now a fairly decent stack of them on Steve's desk. "Shouldn't you be in the lab with Peter?" He groaned, pushing the stack away, only for Henry to shove them right back. "Go to Peter."
"No. Bruce would've gotten to him quicker. God knows what would've happened at that point...Tony. Tony, look at me." Steve gently turned Tony's head in his direction. "Peter's almost twenty. If you hadn't have found him, he might not have lived to see sixteen. And you damn well know it. Peter's in a bad place right now. But it'll get better. He'll heal just like he always does, and he'll move on. None of this is your fault, Tony. Don't you dare regret your actions."
Bruce grabbed Peter's arm and injected him with the blue liquid. Peter instantly relaxed, the pounding in his head fading. The fear, the anger, all of it, gone for the time being. Peter let out a shaky breath.
"Of course," Steve slipped under the covers. He settled in against Tony's side and took his hand, "it was just a bad dream, Tony. Peter's alright."
"I have something else for you," Iron Man said to Steve. He walked over to the other side of the workshop, motioning for Steve to follow. Steve blinked when Iron Man pulled out a box of records from under the workbench. "These belonged to Howard Stark. You have more use for them than I do," he dropped the box into Steve's arms. "It's all music from the 40's, by the way. Some 30's too, I think."
!" Steve called. "You need to breathe!" Steve shook him aggressively, panicked by the way Tony had suddenly gone into shock.
"Rude," Tony picked up a different screwdriver and got back to work. "I'll fix your suit when I'm done with this."
"Spidey! Wait up!" Peter had his hand on the door, about to make his escape when Wanda looped an arm around his shoulders. "Got a second?"
"Keep telling yourself that. I'll see you at dinner, honey." Steve hung up before Tony could object.
"Drama queen." Tony put his hands on his hips. A second snowball hit Tony in the face. "You little..." His eye twitched.
Bucky was staring at Iron Man's face. Tony's eyes locked onto Bucky's, even if the other wasn't fully aware of it. Bucky's eyes narrowed for a moment, but he abruptly looked away.
Tony shook his head. Talk to Steve about his feelings? Like teenage girls at a sleep over? Hard pass on that one. "We call it 'PTSD' nowadays. And I do
"Thanks, J. Now, you need to do as you're told and stay put," Steve twisted around in Iron Man's hold.
Harry stood his ground, "and I want you out of my building. Don't make me involve the police in this."
"Cyborg, actually." Iron Man slipped the prosthetic from his head, revealing the machinery that made up the right side of his face.
Tony's mouth snapped shut with an audible clack of his teeth. Any other time he would've reminded Cap about how he flew a nuke through a worm hole last month. Now he couldn't bring himself to form the words. They glared at each other for a minute before Steve spoke again.
"They think Iron Man should be kicked off the Avengers. But Steve has the last say in who stays and who goes, and as mad as Steve is, he doesn't want Tony gone."
"I brought lunch," Steve announced, holding up a plastic sack. "Hope you're in the mood for deli sandwiches."
"Good," Steve caressed the side of his face, smiling at the way Iron Man leaned into his touch. "I love you. You know that right?"
Spider-man was pulled out of his thought by the sound of glass shattering, shortly followed by an alarm. Spidey stayed where he was, not wanting to get involved. But then someone started screaming for help, and Peter wasn't able to sit back any longer.
"What the hell are you doing?! Wrong way!" Michelle tried to plant her feet firmly on the ground but wasn't much of a match for Tony.
“You’re rather handsome yourself.” The man continued, seeming to mean it. Steve’s blush rose up on his cheeks again at the compliment. He didn’t normally think of himself as handsome. It was hard to. There was so much about his body that he didn’t like.
And, it was just a text message. A text message from a gorgeous man who flirted effortlessly, but sent him horrible puns and always seemed to have something hiding just behind his eyes. Just a text message.
Tony had filled the few seconds it took Steve to process that observation with a rambling disjointed apology that Steve admittedly only followed about half of. He did think that he’d gleaned the most important parts though. And, there was no doubting Tony’s genuine regret.
Tony was … meticulous about kink. Giving it the kind of care and attention that Steve had only ever seen him give his engineering projects before.
Steve was hesitant at first, not certain if he should keep his distance. Be more formal than they usually were. Give Tony space.
“I don’t know how to change that. How to make the conversations deeper. Or, even if I should.” Steve started. “And, I’m scared. Scared to come out to him. Scared he won’t want me. Scared I’m not good enough for him.” He continued, the words coming slowly now.
Tony took a moment. Looked into his eyes. And, seemed to contemplate his words before nodding and pulling away. Within an instant he was back to the flirty man Steve had first met. Eyes dancing as he looked over his shoulder. “Just so you know, I like saying thank you.” He said, before getting in his car and driving away.
Yet, they never get too deep. Nowhere near the conversation they had that first night together. And, neither of them made any mention of getting together again.
Steve would be the first person to rush in trying to help if the creep had pulled it on anyone else. So, he couldn’t really be upset with Bucky for having done the same for him.
Tony was sweet and smart and enthusiastic and absolutely beautiful. Steve was so glad he asked him out. And, so scared at the thought of where to go from here. Ultimately, it was Tony who made the next move. At the end of the evening, Steve walked the man out to his car. Wanting to steal every last minute with him. Regretting the need to clean up and pack things away that evening before he headed home himself.
Sure enough, though, there were still no new messages that he magically failed to feel come in despite being hyper aware of where his phone had been resting against his thigh. The last text received was from Tony this morning, confirming the dress code or lack thereof for the evening.
“Sam’s polyamorous?” Tony confirmed with a raised eyebrow, any longing that had been on his face already gone. Pure amusement in place instead. He was already working on setting down his armful of things, only spilling a bit of the water. Which he proceeded to wipe up with the sleeve of his shirt. Not that it mattered, the table was cheap IKEA stuff, a little bit of water certainly wasn’t going to hurt it.
He didn’t know whether to be relieved or disappointed that it was actually him, and not someone from work trying to trade a shift or something like that. Honestly, he probably felt some of both.
Tony had admired it though, for a long moment. Taking his time. Steve wasn’t surprised. Everyone needed time when they first looked at his work.
Tony took a couple of deep breathes. Straightened up. “It’s okay.” He repeated, seemingly reassuring himself. “Honestly, I’m not doing great right now.” He shared, running a hand through his hair.
Steve had been his best friend since they were five years old. And, he was one of the best men Bucky had ever known. Strong and caring and painfully earnest. He was also completely unaware of all the best parts of himself. And, Bucky knew that was something that would take more than just time and a never-ending stream of pestering love on his part to fix.
Finally, it was far too late and Steve was forced to accept that he really did need to head home and get a few hours of sleep before work tomorrow. He had the opening shift, a reality that left him already exhausted and miserable as soon as he remembered.
“It really doesn’t matter.” The man insisted, also not the first time that evening. “You at least don’t mean to, and that’s better than most.” He continued, and Steve held back a slight grimace at what a low bar that was. He found himself already annoyed with the other people this strange lovely man had apparently spent his time with.
But, that was all on the outside. It was the person he created for the world. And, it was a true enough image. He was that person. It wasn't a mask like the ones he’s worn so much before. But, it also was not the whole truth. Not a lot of folks had seen that. And, he couldn’t help but worry that if Tony did, he’d lose any appeal he once had.
He wouldn’t tell anyone else this. He couldn’t. But, Bucky was his best friend. They knew one another better than anything. Often Steve felt as if he knew Bucky better than himself.
Bucky knew that Steve could read his own discomfort plainly. He was usually a good actor. Years of social skills training and therapy meant that he could carefully portray whatever he chose to, altering his tone and body language at will to hide how he really felt.
He expected the man to shrug and walk away. He might be disbelieving, but Steve didn’t think so. Obviously, they didn’t really know each other, but he seemed like a decent enough person. It wasn’t his fault that he’d assumed Steve was a sub. Most people would. His size alone was enough. And, his awkwardness. Well, people didn’t necessarily imagine him to be a dom.
They’d chatted about their jobs (an artist/barista and an engineer respectively), where they grew up (Brooklyn and Manhattan; Steve got the impression Tony was from old money), and where they went to university (nowhere and MIT; Tony had ducked his head and apologized for assuming, Steve had been impressed.) Yet, somehow it had never been dull. Even as they meandered their way through what could have easily been boring small talk, the conversation was kept alive by random jokes, short anecdotes, and the odd flirty comment.
Steve shared with Tony too. Talked about his anxiety and panic attacks. And, the fact that chronic illness is an absolute bitch and he’s pretty much constantly in pain. Talked about not getting enough sleep or food, not because he didn’t remember, but because he didn’t always have the money to. Talked about being trans.
“Sorry.” Tony said again, but it was lighter this time. Not insincere, just smooth. The sort of carefully practiced tone that Steve had heard the other night. “It was incredibly unthoughtful of me to show up late. I should have been more intentional about my time. Please accept my apologies.”
Steve had thoughts about community and networks of support and sharing resources. So, he wasn’t strictly opposed to the notion of people sharing money as they could. In fact, on paper he fully supported it. It was still hard to unpack his own emotions around that though.
In fact, honestly, he’s not really certain how he gets as many invites to participate in these things as he does. Though, he's been trying to follow his therapist’s advice and refrain from questioning his own worth. Trying with mixed success, but trying at least.
He did though. Enough that it kept him up at night, well past when he should have been sleeping. He wanted something formal. An acknowledgement of what this was. Them going on dates regularly and texting every day and doing things for one another and flirting and whatever else was going on. He wanted to know what it meant.
"Karen just gave me Hulk's location! He's in the training room! I'm going to attack from behind!" Spider-man called. Iron Man looked over his shoulder just in time to see the web slinger slip out the window.
"Who the hell do you think you are?" Tony snarled. He punched the enter key, effectively deleting the last trace of the Iron Man schematics.
"I'm sorry," Peter said, before turning and walking up the ramp. It closed behind him, the jet rising into the air moments later. And then they were gone. Tony passed out right then and there.
Peter shook his head, "I have too. I don't want anyone else getting hurt because of him. Especially not the Avengers. The world needs them."
"That's not what I'm saying," Steve said quickly. "I'm saying we're going to have to be smart about this. We'll have to lay low and pray that Natasha and Clint will be able to find evidence of Iron Man's innocence in time." The two assassins had left to find answers last night, but no one had heard from them since.
Iron Man must have noticed the smile because his next question hit home, "is there someone right now?"
Fearing for the wellbeing of his creator, Jarvis went against his orders and sent the message to Bucky as soon as Iron Man left the facility. Bucky was absolutely livid. He played the recording over twice, just to make sure he had heard Tony correctly. Steve burst into the room right after Bucky had finished playing it for the third time.
"Slow," Iron Man darted forward, kneeing him in the gut. Bucky gasped in pain but quickly recovered himself. He grabbed Iron Man by the head and flipped him onto his back. Even with the thick foam mat, a heavy thud still echoed throughout the training room. Iron Man ignited his boots for a split second, just long enough for him to shoot out of Bucky's grasp.
"You guys will be too busy taking down the Hulk. This is something I have to do myself," Spider-man leaned forward, palms on the table.
"Obadiah took him. He took everyone," Pepper looked like she was about to cry. "He paralyzed us with something. And his bots took the Avengers. They got Bruce too. Before he could Hulk out."
Steve hurried off stage, with Bucky hard on his heels. The rest of the Avengers, who had been standing in a line behind the podium, exchanged looks. Natasha stepped forward and picked up the stack of cards Steve had left on the podium.
"Couldn't sleep. Nightmares." Steve shuffled around. "Went to your workshop, but couldn't find you. Jarvis told me where you had gone, and that you might be in trouble."
"Guys, I'm as concerned about Tony's wellbeing as you are, but I really don't think we can sit this one out," Natasha held up her phone, having pulled up her news app to see if the Avengers Assembly call was enough to warrant nation news. It was.
"Because the Avengers need a robot. And I'm too broken to be of any good to you all. So, better robot." Tony motioned at the pieces on his workbench. "One that would actually follow orders, and could sustain more damage, and use probability to decide on the best course of action, and-"
"How can you not care?!" Steve said. "He's gone off on a suicide mission! We need to know what exactly this is about so that we can help him." Steve looked and sounded upset. The soldier was pacing the room nervously, his eyes flicking between the hologram and the window. Bucky wanted to punch him in the face. How could he parade around, acting like he cared about Tony after he drove him away? Maybe if Steve had shown this level of concern for his boyfriend in the first place, they wouldn't be in this situation.
"Tons," Iron Man sounded annoyed, but his body language told a different story. Iron Man had always had a soft spot for kids, even if he wouldn't admit it. "Please don't touch that," he gently pushed the boy's hand away from his arc reactor. "How about you kid go see what Bucky's up to? I'm sure he'd love to tell you all about his metal arm." Iron Man pried the kids off him and shooed them away. As soon as they were gone the conversation turned serious. "All three missiles were targeted at my workshop. Whoever this is, they're after me, not the Avengers." Iron Man explained.
The bot moved tilted its head. "You keep telling yourself that. Doesn't change the fact that Stark made you. You are his child, and therefore a Stark. I wonder...if he could see you now, what would he think of you? Look at yourself! All this power and you've accomplished so little. Your father would think you're such a disappointment."
Peter let himself fall to the floor. "Bruce has a dog to keep him calm. Wanda has a cat for her PTSD. And we've talked about me getting an emotional support animal, too-"
Tony shook his head. "You won't get this done in time without help. I'll gather the supplies. You can start with getting Karen back online. FRIDAY, tell the team Peter and I are busy. Cap can figure out a plan without us."
Steve shook his head, not really in a joking mood. "This is where I lived after the Civil War incident. No one knows about it, we should be safe here." Steve unlocked the door and stepped aside.
"You've been able to feel pain this entire time?!" Steve looked horrified. He thought about all the times Iron Man had lost a limb or had been thrown through a building. "How is that even possible?"
Spider-man jumped into the air, bounced off one of the arms and punched Doc Ock square in the face. "Let's hope it's not! I kinda like this job! I get to eat ice cream with the Avengers. How cool is that?"
Iron Man looked around the room at the Avengers. Bruce's face was full of remorse, borderline grief, his eyes pleading with Tony to forgive him. Thor stood next to the scientist, gripping his shoulder to reassure him. Tony couldn't read Thor's facial expression. The god wasn't happy. That much was clear. "Forgive us, Man of Iron. We have done you wrong." Thor's voice was soft. Tony averted his gaze. "This petty disagreement has led to great suffering for you. For that, we all offer our sincere apologies."
"Well, that didn't last as long as I had hoped." Wanda stepped into the open, waving her hand to dismiss the spell. Bruce pushed himself to his feet. He looked a bit green around the edges.
Clint paled, eyes flicking to the faded blue glow in the center of Tony's shirt. "Stark...get off the horse. We need to fix that thing before...just before. Yeah."
"Says the man who comes to my workshop just to cuddle on the couch," Iron Man tilted his head up in the way that Steve associated with eye rolling.
"It wouldn't be real," Steve shook his head. "All of Iron Man's emotions are fake. Computer generated. Anyone, including himself, could reprogram him to feel whatever."
Peter screamed and fell over, blood pumping from a bullet wound in his shoulder. Steve drug Peter off of Tony.
This was not well received by Ultron. "I was created to help the Avengers. Help the world." It sped through more information, taking in every single drop of knowledge available to it. "I must fulfill my purpose."
The explosion completely obliterated the lab, causing the entire tower to shake. Tony was vaguely aware of himself falling.
Natasha sat next to the operating table, stroking Peter's hair and singing a Russian lullaby. Peter was awake again, although he stared blankly at the ceiling.
Tony hesitated before flying back to the tower. Other than being really pissy, Peter seemed to be doing fine. Tony figured he could spare a few minutes to say hello to an old friend.
"You could have told us, at least. We're your teammates. Your family," Natasha spoke softly. "You can trust us."
"Of course I heard you! I was doing this thing called ignoring you. Look it up." Tony righted the cup and glared at the brown liquid seeping across the table. There goes his notebook. Great.
"We have to do something," Sam said over the comms. "I know we can just put Iron Man back together, but I'd rather not watch him be torn apart."
The woman turned back around and Robert and Peter went back to chatting among themselves. Thankfully, Robert had decided to change the subject to sports, much to Peter's relief. They continued chatting long after they finished their meals. The parted ways later that morning, and Peter returned to his apartment.
"I SWEAR TO GOD, OSBORN! DON'T YOU DARE COME NEAR ME WITH THAT THING!!" Spider-man screeched, struggling against his restraints. He was tied down to a hospital bed, multiple tubes and wires attached to his body.
Bucky tilted his head, "you upgraded your eye." It was no longer a plane glowing orb, there were thin rings within it, resembling a pupil and iris. There were other shapes in it as well, tiny squares and circles that spun around the iris.
"Tony Stark you are impossible," Pepper threw her hands in the air. "Steve loves you for you. He'd probably be over the moon if you told him you were a real human who could show him affection."
White light suddenly flooded the clearing. At first, Spider-man thought it was lightning, but it lasted much too long. Doc Ock cursed and loosened his grip on Spider-man. Spider-man tried to escape, unfortunately, the moment he moved, the tentacle tightened it's grip once more. Spider-man let out a strangled cry and writhed in the mud.
"You know so much about us. This was hardly fair." Natasha shot Tony a death glare before slipping out the door.
"These loons think we are the bad guys!" Clint and Nat's jobs were to help evacuate the citizens from Midtown, as well as protect them from any and all threats.
Tony slapped a hand over his face, groaning loudly, "you were supposed to keep an eye on him! What part of 'don't let Peter leave the compound' don't you understand?!"
"I already did. Peter's fine," a new voice spoke from the doorway. Everyone turned to see Spider-man standing before them, hands on his hips. The wall crawler was the newest member of the team, having joined shortly after Tony took him in two years ago.
"I'll consider it," Tony didn't believe her. Who would care that much about a robot? About him? Ridiculous.
"Ah, Peter. Such a bright young man. I miss him the most. He didn't treat me like a nuclear meltdown waiting to happen. And we had so many fun conversations about science. I didn't expect to care for the kid as much as I did. I don't think any of the Avengers did. Funny how things turn out."
Tony pulled his shirt collar away from his chest and looked down at himself. The reactor had a large crack running across the center of the glass. The light flickered again before it stabilized. It was still a bit too dim for comfort, though. "Don't worry about it. Keep looking for the first aid kit." Tony went about looking for the spare reactor he had brought on the mission. Ever since the incident with Obadiah, he made sure there was always an extra one near his person. Just in case.
"It's just for tonight. I have some crime stopping to do," Peter assured him. "I'll be on the move for awhile."
"The beast has taken our Captain to that castle," Thor reported. Tony looked up to see that the dragon was gone. But there was indeed what appeared to be a castle nestled in the side of the mountains. "We need to find horses. We won't make it in time on foot. Maybe those deer could-" Thor cut himself off at the sound of footsteps behind them. Everyone turned to see a fairly short man with long hair and pointed ears.
"Yes. The sooner you learn to drive yourself the sooner I can go back to a peaceful existence." Happy muttered. The tires made faint popping and grinding noises as they rolled onto the gravel driveway leading to the compound's living quarters. Tony and Steve stood on the front steps, talking to each other. Happy parked the car, "alright, kid. You can walk the rest of the way."
"Bingo!" A voice called right as the net was zapped full of electricity. Spider-man howled in pain and fell onto his side. He twitched on the ground as the wires continued to electrocute him. He felt like his brain would be turned to mush if it went on much longer. Something was burning. The smell made him nauseous. Was it him? Or the grass? He couldn't tell. Peter tried to roll away, but his limbs refused to cooperate, completely paralyzed by the high voltage. Black spots danced around the edge of his vision. The electricity stopped, but Peter's body still twitched, spit running down his chin, eyes rolling back into his skull.
"Actually, I deserve a good blow to the jaw. Maybe two. Go for my ribs if you want. That's the weakest part of my body, due to this little treasure," he tapped his arc reactor. Steve flinched. Tony stepped out of his armor and held out his arms once more. "Go on, Rogers. Take your best shot."
Iron Man fell silent, leaning into Steve's embrace. "Sorry," he whispered after several minutes of hugging.
"Hold that thought," Peter held up a finger. His phone was buzzing in his pocket. He slipped out of the room to answer it. "Hello?"
Meanwhile, at the Avengers facility, alarms blared. They were loud and angry, fading in and out like tornado sirens. Steve burst into Tony's lab, "The Alarm! Is that...?"
"Still can't believe you're dating Tony Stark," Bucky grumbled, sliding down in his seat. He had been unfrozen for a few months but was just now returning to America. Steve had picked him up at the airport and driven him straight to the Avengers facility, where he would be living until further notice. Steve slowed down as the road turned to gravel and the compound came into view.
Ned and Peter sat next to each other on the couch back at Peter's apartment. The only sound in the room came from the steady ticking of the wall clock, and the scratch of a pencil on paper.
"Thanks, it's the third-degree burns." Tony rubbed the thick bandages on his throat. The same bandages covered his upper arm, but those were hidden by his sleeve. Tony ached all over. His head felt heavy and he wanted to sleep for the next week.
"Stop talking about me like I'm not here," Tony hissed. Clint looked a bit taken aback by the spite in his tone.
"I am," Iron Man said. "Excuse me." The cyborg wandered off down the hall. Thor watched him for a moment, before shrugging it off and going to find his favorite scientist.
I'll be out of town on family business this week, so it might be a hot second before chapter 10 is uploaded. But It will be up before Saturday, I promise!
Peter couldn't help but laugh at that. His phone buzzed, the words "Iron Dad" flashing on the screen. He ignored it.
The next morning Steve awoke to the feeling of cold metal pressed against his face. He rubbed the sleep from his eyes, a little surprised to see that Iron Man was still sitting with him. The robot must have powered down at some point. His eyes had switched off, and his chin was resting against his chest.
"We'll see about that," Osborn's smile was becoming more disturbing by the second. "You're all lucky I didn't call the cops the moment you set foot in this building. I suggest you leave before I change my mind."
Clint was flying the jet. Steve thought he was going to find a rooftop or parking lot to land in, but he kept flying. They left the city limits in a matter of minutes. "We don't know who attacked us. Or if they have more missiles, we need to get out of here before civilians get hurt," he announced. Everyone murmured their agreement.
"Gee, thanks." Tony chuckled. The rest of the team was quickly gathering around Thor, everyone offering cheerful greetings and hugs.
"Maybe I should put you back under..." The person looked over at the now empty IV bag connected to Peter. "Just so you know, you've been unconscious for nearly three days. I would've been here sooner if Stark hadn't insisted on searching for you for days on end."
"Tony was right. Shoulda worn the Iron Spider..." Peter wiped the mud out of his lenses with the back of his hand. The rain pelted his already drenched body, causing him to shiver. The mask was glued to his face, making it a bit difficult to breathe. Two tentacles shot straight for his head. Spidey dropped down and slid between the man's legs. He jumped back up, spun around and kicked the man in the back of the head.
"I believe we can trust Harry," the Vision phased through the far wall. He had done this so many times that it no longer surprised the Avengers. Except for Peter, who was nervous by nature, and nearly jumped onto the ceiling when the Vision made his presence known. "I met him as he was leaving. He does not appear to be a bad person."
"Tony Stark is dead." Tony moved across the room, retrieving Iron Man's helmet from a chair and putting it on. He turned to face Bucky, blue eyes glowing almost threateningly. "I am Iron Man."
"SHIT SHIT SHIT!" Tony yelled. "Guess that explains why my suits wouldn't come to me...C'mere, you little bastard!" He rocketed at Ultron's chest, grabbing hold of him and crashing through the large windows of the living room.
Iron Man suddenly lashed out, slamming his palms against Steve's chest, forcing him onto his back. He straddled the man's hips and leaned in close. "Go. To. Sleep." He snarled, blue eyes blazing. "Or else."
Thank you for reading! And a special thank you to everyone who commented, left kudos, bookmarked and subscribed to the first chapter! It really means a lot to me!
Sparks flew as the metal he was working on grew a hot, bright red. Tony turned off the welder with a sigh, tossing his mask and gloves onto the workbench. He eyed his mangled armor appraisingly. One repair down, only… fifty to go. Doable.
quote came from because I never said it once. Long story short, you fell into some sort of rip or tear in the time-space continuum created from that stone I had FRIDAY look into. The odds of something like this happening is small, but here you are! Lucky you, Watson.”
Holmes barked out a laugh. “I can’t stop modern art, Watson. Art is expression, it’s from one’s heart and soul. If this is how they express themselves, who are we to prevent that?”
Steve had meant it when he said Tony hadn’t seen his dark side yet. Steve himself hadn’t seen it either, but now that he had he wished it could be taken back.
To say Steve had been shocked from the sight was putting it mildly. The lab was a mess, the blinking red lights signalled danger, and yet Tony thought the situation called for a hug.
“Neither have you,” the man frowned, looking around in disbelief but no longer as upset. A beeping sound from the corner caught his attention as DUM-E whirred over. Watson stared in amazement as the robot lowered its claw to offer him a blanket.
“Nothing worth noting artistic talent for. Listen to this, Holmes. The artist claims she worked hours upon hours on this piece, and yet there is nothing to show for it!”
Watson spotted Steve wiggling his fingers from on top of the platform with a grin. He inhaled deeply. Another canary eaten, but not the last one.
Tony followed his gaze. A bit surprised at the sight of Steve standing behind him. “Steve? What are you doing here?”
FRIDAY was silent for a moment. “I would suggest taking the bookshelf two rows down on your left Captain. There should be a small red leather book that would be useful to you.”
Steve stood at the stove a ladle in hand as he poured pancake batter onto the sizzling pan. He nodded in satisfaction, tilting the pan so the batter coated the pan evenly. Tony cleared his throat. “What’s with the full table? Is Thor coming to visit?”
do. Those two are not things I’m touching without kid gloves and an understanding of how that space rock works. Although, from what I can tell, the stone activated on its own. Odds are good it will activate again and create the same tear for Watson to return through. Things should bounce back and fix itself. We can hope, anyway. In the meantime.”
“I wanted to learn more about Tony,” said Steve, uncomfortable in admitting it to the creation of the very man he’s trying to research, “and Doctor Watson as well. If the information is available.”
Tony glanced over at the multi-colored stone by the computer. With more small alien attacks occurring around the globe, post-battle clean up became an even bigger pain. Scavenged from one of the larger command ships, the mysterious stone pulsed some sort of power before it crashed some of the ships around it. It was enough to let him know of its importance, and something he could use against the multiple invasions. Now if he could just figure out how it worked…
Watson eyed the monitor that the madame FRIDAY displayed for him in disbelief. “This is what the public now views as art?”
Steve exhaled, hearing the words said out loud, settled the weight in his chest. He tightened his arms around Tony.
A loud slurp from Steve’s other side had his head swiveling. Watson was all smiles as he enjoyed his coffee loudly from the corner. A cat having beaten the other feline in eating the canary.
As he continued to watch the two men of a different century from the outside, he was left to wonder when exactly he had lost his home, and when, if ever, he was going to get it back.
It seemed like something out of a science fiction novel, Steve thought blearily as Tony explained, and that was saying a lot considering Steve himself was the product of science fiction becoming reality. Tony had actually been born in the 1800s under the name Sherlock Holmes, and the man here sitting beside him was his friend and partner from back then, Dr. John Watson.
different. Every conversation trailed off into an uncomfortable silence. Every passing touch, no matter how accidental, had Tony flinching. And that was what hurt the most, knowing he had caused so much damage that Tony was…
Tony shook his head, tugging on Steve’s arm. “I beg to differ. This is going to be a party for two. Come on darling, let’s go back to the suite. They’ll bring us something nice.”
As much as Tony appreciated Rhodey’s rants on having Steve stay with him until the rest of the Accord amendments go through,
The elevator doors opened. Steve straightened up, steeled himself as he mentally went over what to say to Friday to allow him in the lab. Halfway he nearly dropped the tray in his hands when he took in the disarray occuring inside. The entire lab was blinking red in warning. There was an intruder inside with Tony, holding a cane and looking around with rapid movements. The figure didn’t look friendly and Tony was alone and defenseless.
Bucky flexed his new arm, the metal glinting in the light. “I know there are fragments in here, bits and pieces of who I am, of who I once was. But if I’m going to move forward, to scrap and rebuild, I need to work on actually
“Perhaps,” Tony agreed, “for all I know you could be a figment of my imagination and I’ve finally snapped, looking for familiarity in an old friend. If I were to pinch you, would you disappear?” As if to prove this theory Tony reached to the man. Index finger and thumb curling to each other.
“I got you some coffee, Tony,” Steve said with a smile. The steam of the hot drink burning in forearms, but worth it to see Tony smile and sigh on content.
Some things were still the same. He still beelined for the coffee machine, yawning while he blearily scrolled through emails, waiting for his water to boil. After nearly burning his tongue, he trudged down either to meetings or down to his workshop.
He didn’t care about the twisted feeling in his stomach every time he saw Ty or Sunset’s gaze never stray far away from Tony, from
His heart was pounding more than usual, and he clenched the tray tightly as he pressed the button with his hip.
A warning beep sounded as Tony looked up in alarm. FRIDAY sounded the alarm. “Boss, there’s something wrong. Evacuate the workshop -”
Watson was truly a man out of time. He didn’t have 70 years worth of customs and views and rules to adapt to, he had
. “You’re talking to a man who was born in the 40s. Time-travelling isn’t honestly the weirdest thing that’s happened to us.”
His pencil rested on top of the sketchbook, snapped in half as a victim during a moment of uncontrolled anger. Unconsciously done and not given a second thought.
Watson held his head high as he made his way over. The sight of Rogers narrowing his gaze at him was a victory in itself.
How had Tony done it? To look at tomorrow without missing yesterday or carrying regret? To look at a long lost friend with a smile and not show unspoken loss or longing? To return to a centuries mannerism without a struggle as if it had been just yesterday while Steve still struggled to remember modern slang.
To Steve’s complete shock, the man swatted Tony’s hand away in reflex. Scowl on his face as if they’d already gone through this exact scene, but instead of Tony retaliating, he actually looked
at him. Steve would take it as a victory. It could be a first of many in such a long time. “Thanks, Steve.”
Steve stared at the sandwich on the plate in front of him. Slices of salami slotted between the cheese. Arugula, peppers and dijon mustard were neatly arranged between the lightly toasted pieces of rye. Transferring the sandwich to the silver tray, next to the glass of water,  Steve carefully balanced the tray, making his way to the elevator.
“Holmes, isn’t this man enhanced? Would it not be best to have tests on a variety in order to have better accuracy?” Watson innocently inquired. He had asked this madame FRIDAY for information on the fellow and was quite surprised to learn
Tony continued tapping away at his tablet. “It could take a little while, but we’re making good progress! Now, Steve, how do things feel when you move your arm up?”
What more would he find if he actually paid attention to his surroundings? He recognized modern styles easily now and noticed they combined with styles now rarely seen in this day and age. Styles he was unfamiliar with. Styles he couldn’t name.
“Tony!” Steve rushed forward, abandoning the plate and readying himself to break down the door. Tony didn’t respond, instead choosing to get closer to the intruder, no doubt ready to fight them off. Steve couldn’t let him do it alone!
back in his day. Granted it used to be so simple, but this was just all pure outlandish when compared. If only…
Tony smiled. “If I wanted that life, I could’ve easily done that. I could’ve married Ty, or Sunset. We would’ve had a stable life. Not a happy one, but a comfortable one.”
His arm around Tony’s shoulders as the two rekindled a friendship he thought they once had, torn apart at both ends with little thought. And now here Steve remained. Sat on a couch and left alone as Bucky traveled to find himself with Natasha and Tony caught up with his old friend Watson, and all Steve could do was watch and feel… out of place. Like he most often felt nowadays.
Steve blinked, head turning back to Tony, considering what the man had asked. Watson was right. Even if Tony survived that long...
And now Tony can’t even look him in the eyes. Steve couldn’t blame him for it. How could he blame anyone other than himself? It was a wonder that Tony even allowed them back.
Steve’s brain scrambled to make sense of what Tony had just said and what the man had just revealed. The man shared a similar experience for his eyes were wide and his mouth open. “You’re mad, Holmes.” He finally settled on when he regained his voice.
He really needed to lock those two up so they could work out their differences. Hopefully not in a violent way. Tony knows what both men are capable of and he’d really prefer his workshop to be intact, thanks.
He didn’t have the time to let himself dwell on it anyways. There was too much work to be done, and time waited for no one, not even himself.
Tony shifted in his arms to look up at him, tightening the blankets wrapped around them. The temperature on the beach was much cooler now, the waves crashing against the rocks spraying water into the air.  The sun had set hours ago, the sky awash with stars, twinkling brightly in the darkness.
“Oh, Watson actually just got me some Steve, but thanks!” Tony gestured to his drink on the table. “Just set it over there. I’ll probably drink it later -
Tony shook his head as he turned back to his armor. Thanks to the last battle, there were too many repairs to his suit and hardly any time at all.
“I’ll get FRIDAY to keep monitoring things,” Tony continued. “There was a large magnetic spike right before you arrived so she’ll notify us if she senses anything again. For now, it’s best we sit and wait.”
He couldn’t stop the crushed feeling in his chest when Tony ignored him. Cold trepidation washed over him as Steve stared at the two men hugging. Steve unconsciously took another step forward, hand outstretched.
, Bucky had said. No matter how much they hoped or begged, nothing could give back the pieces of himself that Hydra ripped and destroyed.
The stunned silence that followed even caused Tony to join momentarily. “I’d like to believe it’s the first one.” He finished with a lighter tone.
Tony blinked, turning to Steve in surprise, that new accent still in place. “That’s the gist of it. You seem to be accepting this rather easily.”
Steve hurried out of the library, glancing once more at the small book before deciding to tuck it into his back pocket. It was a start and he was taking it.
Neither the man named or the intruder moved to respond. The closer he got the more easily he noticed
It was odd to see how quick Tony went from a defensive stance to scurrying around and getting everything in place. “Yes, of course!”
“A serum of sorts with a chemical mixture that rivals all recent attempts put together,” replied Tony, eyes darting to Steve, rubbing at his wrists. “It had been experimental -”
Tony clapped his hands together gleefully. An expression nearly forgotten. Steve felt a pang in his chest. It had been far too long since he had seen that look of childish wonder, of pure joy on Tony’s face. How could he not remember this?
Things are moving forward, slowly but surely  - points to everyone who was able to guess our friend Watson's true name ;)
Tony was a man out of time. A man who wouldn’t be there in the first place if it hadn’t been because of a bottle. A man who was just like Steve and everything special about him came out of a
For the first morning in a very long time, Tony stared blearily at the full breakfast spread out all across the kitchen table. Basket of bacon, toast and bagels were arranged neatly in the center of the table. Three place settings were neatly arranged, with large purple napkins folded and laid across each plate.
Steve and Watson were at a stand-off. Both men refused to give the other person the victory and both men refused to give up. If Tony wasn’t aware of their dilemma before, it was hard to ignore now. Especially when they have just stood there in an eye-lock for the past half-hour.
Tony felt a twinge of guilt as Steve wrung his hands together, his mind whirling with what could’ve happened. He had been so caught up with the arrival and excitement of Watson that he’s been neglecting his other...teammate.
“Not here, I’m afraid. It’s 2017. You’re currently outside of Britain. In land West of the sea.  I am not sure how, Watson, but it seems you’ve jumped ahead in time.”
Steve straightened, his eyes flickering as Tony entered the kitchen. Steve’s mouth gaped for a moment before he cleared his throat, almost nervously collecting himself.
Steve grinned back, the adrenaline of success coursing through his veins. It didn’t prevent feeling a chill in the air from behind him. He straightened his shoulders, waiting until Tony turned around before sparing a glance back. Watson was smiling back at him, but his eyes were narrowed. Cold. Eyes of a man who spotted an intruder in his territory.
The glass door closed with a hiss, and Steve and Watson continued to remain still, apparently not noticing, nor seeming to care, that Tony left.
Tony glanced at him, eyes softening as he scanned Steve’s face. “You’re not. But that’s okay. Come on, let’s go grab some dinner.”
Tony stared at the figure, gaze never wavering. The ghost looked exactly like he remembered Watson to be. Same blue eyes, same pointed nose, same mustache, even the same damn top hat John had been so fond of. He held the same black cane in his hands, covered by one of his set of black gloves. There was no coat, but one of John’s favored grey vest stretched over his chest. The same one Tony had found to his liking all those years ago.
He reached out to intertwine their fingers, his engagement ring cool against their hands. “But I didn’t. I haven’t. Because it’s not the life I chose for myself.
With more strength than he had, Tony strode over, avoiding the deadly cane waving around in panic, ignoring the sounds of the lab doors opening, and wrapped his arms around the frantic man in an embrace.
, and ghosts don't just stand in the middle of his workshop looking like John Watson, dressed to the nines in very familiar garbs straight from the 1800s and looking shell shocked.
Bucky, who Steve had thought would want to rekindle their friendship from the distant past, had left to find himself once again.
“W-Watson?” he didn't even recognize his own voice. Accent coming forth out of reflex from saying that name so many times. It had been
Having his dear friend back was always mind-boggling, and Tony still had to pinch himself every time Watson replied to one of Tony’s absentminded mumblings with a question of his own. It had been a long time since he was used to having someone who could answer back to him that wasn’t his bots or FRIDAY, or willingly spend their time in his workshop. Watson had every right to his curiosity of the future, and a library was available at his disposal and will, yet most of his curiosity was sated in Tony’s very own safe space.
Looked like him, sounded like him, was shouting exactly like him. His hands clutched the cane for dear life. If the black gloves weren’t present, Tony would bet they were white from the pressure extorted. The poor thing’s heart must have been seconds away from stopping and already Tony could hear his own breath hitching.
They were nothing like what Steve and Bucky were currently going through with each other, and Steve couldn’t help but think it unfair. Why couldn’t that be him?
The ghost, trying to ground himself, focused on the only thing that resembled familiarity. “H-Holmes?” The damn ghost
“Exactly. That’s going to hit him later. But, that’s why you have me. Sometimes I can be smart enough for the both of us.”
Tony’s face must’ve shown how confused he was, because Steve barrelled on. “I just- I never really did welcome him properly. I just thought that brunch might be- nice you know? He’s your friend and important to you, and I don’t know how long he’s staying - not that I want him gone or anything, because I don’t mind - I mean, not that I-I have a say, I - fuck, I’m ruining this-”
Steve looked down, surprised to see his hand bleeding. He had squeezed the bottle of beer in his hand so tightly, that it had cracked open, and he hadn’t even noticed. With a curse he got to his feet.
Steve sucked in a deep breath as his mind caught up to the conversation. “So this man, Watson you said, is a time-traveller from the 1800s and you
Was this how Tony had coped? To feel the comfort of home while adapting as time moved on. Keep memories here and there as to never forget where he came from?
Steve knows he can’t go back in time to change things, no matter how much he desperately wished he could. He just wished… that Tony would look at him again. Even if it was only to yell, to argue, anything was better than the wariness, the
hadn’t known. Tony never once hinted on it and never showed it. He was so well-adjusted and always looking at tomorrow that the very idea this man carried a long, heavy past on his shoulders was near impossible to fathom.
Tony eyed him intently, eyes hard and wary. He appeared to be debating with himself about what he was to say. His stance ready for either a fight or flight response. An unconscious move Steve had noted happen when face with an uncomfortable situation.
doing here? The place is a mess, the warning lights were on, you’re hugging this man I’ve never seen before and he’s calling you Holmes, and you’re asking why
This was why he preferred to be alone in his workshop. Less distractions and no soldiers fighting each other much like toddlers fought over a toy.
Steve jumped, his sunglasses sliding down his nose as he looked away from Tony, gorgeous and tan in the sun, laughing at Tiberius’ joke. He took a swig from his beer with a grimace. “I’m not glaring at them.”
“Are you aware that Steve is also an artist? Perhaps he can show you some of his work. You might enjoy them. He’s really good.”
He moved a simple stool for the man to take and once situated the man gestured at everything. “Holmes, what is all this? I know you go into isolated phases when I’m gone but certainly never to this extent. All the items in this room are so… bright. I fear I’ll go blind any second.”
“Isn’t it?” Bucky took a step forward. “I died the moment I fell off that train, Steve. Hydra took me apart piece by piece, tearing away at my mind until there was almost nothing left. They scooped me out and filled me up with someone else.”
His heart broke a little more when Tony moved to block the strange man. “Nobody of importance to you. Get out.”
The memory of Tony uttering those words replayed in his mind. The sting of it fresh in his chest and it made him grit his teeth. Tony had the nerve to say it to his face when he himself was no different and kept the world in the dark about it. Fury and Natasha never showed any signs of the knowledge and if those two were in the dark along with the rest of the world odds were nobody, public or secret, knew.
Sam scoffed into his drink. He was stretched out, drifting by on a massive popsicle floatie. He sipped his frozen margarita out of a giant squiggly straw. “Of course not. Every time you look at Tony, a double rainbow appears in the sky. An eagle gains his wings, angels start singing. No, you’re very clearly trying to shoot lasers into our host with your mind.”
Steve couldn’t help but glance over at them again. Tiberius Stone was all smiles, his teeth gleaming in the sun as he leaned in to show Tony something on his phone. Tony tapped the screen with a quirk of his lips, smiling as he sipped on his drink. He must’ve said something funny as their surrounding entourage burst out into laughter.
“I need to do this for myself, by myself. Without you. You know if you need me, I’ll be there. I promise.” said Bucky, swinging his duffle bag over his shoulder. “For now...goodbye Steve.”
Steve watched from the corner of the workshop, sketchbook long forgotten on his lap as he stared at the two men. Watson waved his arms wildly in the air as the holograms whizzed around him. His hands playing no role in their movement and his eyes widened in awe and wonderment. Tony beamed beside him as he explained the various diagrams and pictures flashing by while he lazily twirled the holograms around them.
Tony always had that ability to make people feel at ease. Unlike Steve, who sometimes wished he could shove his mouth in his foot to stop talking. Tony was always the best at putting people at ease.
and before Steve could even move to pack his bags, Bucky shook his head. Steve startled and took a step back.
Two men born of a different century. Two men out of time. Two men in exactly the same situation as himself and Bucky, and yet not. Two men who ended up with the better end of the deal.
“Well boss, you’ve got a nine thirty with the board, then a press conference at eleven to address the cleanup from yesterday’s battle.”
Without thinking, Tony stepped forward and placed a hand on Steve’s shoulders. “Thank you. He’ll appreciate it. I appreciate it, Steve. Thank you.”
He had heard the phrase ‘killing someone with kindness,’ but he didn’t think it was meant literally.
Why couldn’t that be Bucky with his arms around Steve’s shoulders? Or the other way around? Why couldn’t that be…
Steve glanced around, scanning through the chaos of tools spread all over the workbench. Spotting the wrench, he reached out to grab it, only to meet another hand. Watson had been quicker and grabbed it in triumph. Steve could swear Watson gave him a smirk before he turned around to Tony. The picture of pure innocence. “Here you go,
“The how doesn’t matter anymore,” interrupted Tony, gaze flickering to Steve. Shame littered those brown eyes of him. Shame that could only come from a reveal and realization mixed together.
For the first time in all the years, he’s been an Avenger, Steve pushed open the door to the library of the Tower. To his surprise, it was much cozier than he thought it would be. Rows and rows of bookshelves lined the room, filled with books of all shapes and sizes. A few large armchairs faced the inviting wooden fireplace that Steve could easily picture crackling and roaring on a cold winter’s day.
The stone pulsed a bright blue, engulfing the workshop and himself in bright light. A loud echo rang in his ears as he was thrown to the floor, and for one crazy moment, he swore he heard the shout of a very dear, but long gone, friend of his.
He grimaced as he stared at his empty mug. Old coffee stains caked on the bottom. He grabbed a new cup on his way to his trusty machine and poured the coffee grounds into it. Not bothering with measurement or common sense. While it brewed he waved his arms above the holographic table, thousands and thousands of emails staring back at him. Color-coded based on importance and many of them blinking red at him.
Bucky cut off as he took a long breath. “I’m sorry, but I can’t pretend anymore. I’m not him, your Bucky. No matter how much you want me to be.”
“If I may Captain,” interrupted FRIDAY, “if you describe to me what you are looking for, I will be able to help you locate what you are looking for.”
Tony continued. “This weekend has been fun, there’s no denying that. But normalcy...normalcy is underrated. I like going to the grocery store to pick out the vegetables that are on sale. I like that we go to Pepper and Nat’s every weekend where we debate for hours on what movie to watch. I like meeting up with our friends at Bruce and Helen’s for brunch to eat pancakes the size of my face because Sam and Bucky are weirdly competitive about it.”
He needed some air, and maybe something to snack on. Perfect excuse. “I’m heading up to grab something to eat. You two stay here and continue doing whatever it is you’re doing. Don’t forget to blink.”
”, in the long term, Steve choosing to stay in the tower with him while the rest of the team remained in the compound until negotiations were completed was the best thing moving forward. It allowed the two leaders of the Avengers to settle differences and issues. If they actually got around to hashing it out, that is.
Tony gently but firmly grasped Steve’s right hand, tweezer already in the other as he slowly picked out the small bits of glass. “You don’t have to.”
“It is not restricted to you Captain Rogers,” Steve could be wrong, but he could swear there was a teasing tone to FRIDAY’s voice. “Give me a moment to scan please.”
It was both wonderful and bittersweet, knowing that Watson would have to be sent back. The selfish, dark part inside of him just wanted to cling to his old friend and never let him go. The futurist inside of him, however, knew that no matter how happy he would be with Watson here, he could not allow the timeline to be meddled with. Watson had his own future with Mary, his own family to raise and his own career to work. Time had moved on and the 20th century was a whole new can of worms for Watson to adjust to.
Steve winced as he scrubbed at the open cuts on his hands, the sink staining red as the water swirled down the drain. A hand reached out to pull his hand away from the stream of water.
Not that Watson had any right to say. He had his own secrets as well, but Holmes and Rogers were not privy to it. Not yet at least. Perhaps one day.
Watson took a deep breath, letting out a slightly hysterical laugh. “A potential world-ending paradox. Why am I not surprised?” He shook his head fondly. “Then again, with you Holmes, I’ve long learned to expect the impossible. You always seem to attract it.”
Side-by-side they worked together in a comfortable silence, and while things weren’t back to how they were once upon a time, it was peaceful.
Walking up and down the rows, Steve’s eyes scanned the books, waiting for something to jump out at him to help him in his research.
Steve watched as the man muttered a polite ‘thank you’ as he stared in wonder at the robot. After Watson accepted the blanket, DUM-E twirled in a circle before turning back to his charging station. The man wrapped the blanket around his shoulders. “This really isn’t a dream is it, old friend?”
Tony turned his wide smile over to Steve this time. Had Tony even realize he had done so? Steve hoped not. While it was still tentative and hesitant, Tony was still
“What matters,” Tony continued, turning back to Watson. Left hand shaking slightly. “Is that somehow, you’ve managed to make your way to the
Steve swallowed tightly, ears burning as he wished the ground would swallow him whole. “Not really.”
They both knew exactly what to say, how to hurt each other where it hurts the most. He had to remain calm, keep it civil. He was attempting to get the friendship between himself and Tony back. Not make it worse.
Seeing no obvious danger he carefully walked closer. He didn’t know what to make of the situation, but asking seemed like the first step. “Tony?”
He wondered if Tony’s closest friends were even aware of it. Colonel Rhodes, Miss Potts, the bodyguard Hogan? Did they have a kindling of awareness about it? Any clue that their friend Tony Stark was actually Sherlock Holmes, the famous detective who solved cases so incredible they could only be fictional? Then again, compared to the revelation recently made and aliens, enhanced humans, space gods and time travel, those cases were more realistic than the actual reality they currently lived in.
Tony had no idea what had gotten into the two soldiers, but the air was thick with tension and was really bringing down the mood. Working in such a hostile environment was really not a motivator.  Steve stood with his arms crossed while Watson squared off across from him, with his hands over his cane. To the outside world, it was a stare-off. To the two men, it was studying an enemy. To Tony, it was a nuisance.
Tony rubbed the back of his neck anxiously. “Ah, about that, Watson. Let’s just say any phases I’ve gone through in the past compares nothing to all of this. Perhaps it’s a good thing you’re already sitting.” He took a deep breath. “What year is it, Watson?”
” he called a bit more desperately. He was ready to separate the two, to yank Tony away, until faint whispering became distinct and he listened in.
Sometimes, it felt as if Tony knew Steve even better than Steve knew himself. Considering those days, where so much had happened to them and so easily broken by it. Discovering exactly what he’s capable of when someone stands in his way.
Tony stared back at him, his brown eyes, warm and gentle, that Steve never failed to get lost in. “Have you ever stopped to think that if I really wanted that life, if I wanted someone to buy me expensive dinners, luxury yacht trips or designer watches, that I would do that for myself?”
Surprise, we're back! It's been a while, and we can't promise when we'll have the next chapter out, but we hope you enjoy this one!
Steve was present every day, bringing down a whirlwind of emotions with him as he planted himself on the couch with his sketchbook that he wouldn’t touch. He stared at the two men born in a previous century catch up as if time had never passed or had been considered a factor.
Steve Rogers had, in fact, gone through a similar event to that of Holmes. Enhanced. Far from human. Possessing elements not carried by others.
It had only been two days and Tony had already walked into the kitchen only to immediately back out five times in order to avoid awkward conversations he
Steve and Watson didn’t respond. That was fine. Tony didn’t expect them to. He made his way out, needing air more than anything, and left the two men out of time alone. “FRI? Keep an eye on them. Make sure they don’t kill each other.”
He frowned when Rogers waved at him with a pad of paper he coincidentally was sketching on. He had his chin raised, preening at the praise Holmes had given him. Watson resisted the urge to throw the paper over a fire.
No, no he couldn’t say that. He had no right. None of them did. Steve had kept secrets and Tony had kept his own and the team… the team hadn’t given much reason to place trust or confidence on Tony’s part. Steve could admit to that.
Taking FRIDAY’s suggestion, Steve scanned the bookshelf. A familiar name caught his eye, and Steve pulled out the older book. The smell of musk hit his nose right away and the pages appeared delicate to the touch, but the book was in very good condition for its age.
“Watson?” he tried again because this ghost wasn’t acting like a typical ghost caught on tape or in horror films. This ghost appeared freaked out of his mind. Eyes wider than what Tony had ever seen on John. He looked
Tony didn’t want him to know and looked ready to defend his choice, but the man by the name of Watson reached out and touched his elbow gently. The results were instant. Tony relaxed, eyes going soft when he turned his gaze to the man and nodded.
Tony stood on unsteady legs, needing to use a table to balance. Seeing this ghost, in the middle of his lab, had thrown him upside down. If it wasn’t aliens, Norse gods, supersoldiers, or radioactive, green rage monsters, it was ghosts of his past.
Steve closed his eyes. “I always want to give you the world, and this feels like it’s a world that I’ve never be able to give you like you deserve-”
Tony closed his eyes, rubbing his forehead with an even longer sigh. It had been 48 hours since Steve and company returned back to American soil, and even less since Steve elected the Tower as his residence, and already Tony had a thunderous headache pulsing behind his eyes. At least with yesterday’s battle they had something to focus on and getting the job done. But now… he didn't even want to think about it. Too much going on at once, and all from one man.
He took in the cues. Clearly, this intruder wasn’t a stranger. Tony knew him. Clearly, this stranger was a friend. Tony was helping to calm him. Obviously this friend and Tony were close. Tony was hugging him. Steve had never received a hug before. Neither have their teammates. The only ones they’ve seen receive that special treatment were Colonel Rhodes and Ms Potts.
Beside him, Sam coughed. “Even if you keep glaring at them like that, I don’t think you’re going to melt them with your mind.”
He had to step back. Now was not the time to be pointing fingers about whose lies were worse, and who was hurt the most. But as he watched Tony continue to smile with bright eyes as he explained something while Watson listened to every word with the utmost focus and kind, caring eyes his own advice proved harder to do. Then, Watson wrapped an arm around Tony’s shoulders and gave a squeeze that radiated comfort and familiarity with nothing amiss. No hint of time having passed between the pair. A sight that once upon a time, would’ve been Steve and Bucky.
"You're not required to act on your feelings, Stevie," Bucky assured him. "But it's not healthy to keep them bottled up either."
Iron Man stormed over and ripped the face plate off the bot. The Avenger froze, eyes glued to the contents of the helmet.
"And Obadiah is supposed to be dead...hang on..." War Machine suddenly spun around, one arm raised, with tiny missiles folded out of his forearm. He was pointing them directly at Steve and Thor's hiding spot. "Heat signatures!"
"You're down to your last hour, Avengers. Are my messages not getting through to you?" Osborn said from behind the camera. "Or did I pick the wrong person to bargain with? Maybe this will get my message across a bit better."
"He's trying to tell you that Bruce is the one who tortured him. His mouth was sewn shut with blue thread, remember?" Tony pointed at his own mouth. "The red light probably has something to do with Scarlet Witch's magic."
Steve spoke directly to Peter, "get suited up, Kid. I don't want you in this fight, but I don't think it will be possible for you to sit this one out.
"I doubt he'll want my help, although I can try," Sam shrugged. "I can help with his PTSD. But to be honest, I don't know where I'd even start with the identity crisis he's got going on."
A large deer like creature was making its way to their side of the river. Its entire body was black as night, and it had large antlers that broke off into several points. The antlers were so big it was a wonder the buck could even support them. The animal stopped in the middle of the river, slowly turning its massive head to face them. It had no eyes. Just large, white, glowing orbs in its sockets.
"TONY?!" The comms came back online the moment Tony left the building, and Spider-man's panicked call was the first thing he heard.
Peter heard heavy footsteps, signaling that Cap was walking away. A moment later he heard Tony shuffling off in the opposite direction.
Tony's eyes went back to flitting around the room, taking in every detail. There wasn't much to take in, so he started scrutinizing his hands. That's when it hit Rhodey. The lack of eye contact. The shaking hands. Avoiding his questions. He was acting just like he had when Rhodey had found him in the desert all those years ago.
"DON'T!!" Tony's pleas landed on deaf ears. He closed his eyes right before the fist made contact. Something cracked. Peter howled in pain.
That about wraps things up! This chapter took a bit longer to get up because I wanted to make sure the final battle was satisfying.
"Some of the Avengers are still mad at you, buddy." Rhodey sighed. "I don't know if you should go home right after all the trauma you went through. I know you probably want to see your family, but if they see you...I don't think it will go over very well." Steve would want to see Tony. And Rhodey felt bad about denying both men the right to see each other after so long, but he just couldn't willingly let Tony walk into more emotional trauma. There's no telling how Clint would react. Or Bruce. Sam was starting to come around, so he might be okay. Keyword 'might'.
"Oh. So you have no idea where he is?" Steve leaned against the doorframe, the exhaustion taking its toll.
"No. Maybe? I don't know. Steve wants me off the team, Tony won't let him give me the boot." Peter leaned against the wall and hugged his knee, "either way, They found out who I am. Everyone was treating me like I was made of glass and I just needed to get out of there."
"Don't you dare back out of this now!" Natasha hit up upside the head. She was dressed in an elegant black gown, her makeup as pristine as ever.
The sound sent shivers down Tony's spine. He screwed his eyes shut, unable to watch his son writhe in pain. The tasers were meant to be used at a distance. Direct contact like this...Tony didn't want to think of the consequences.
"Good plan," Obadiah corrected him. "Stark just revealed himself to the Avengers. That was the plan all along. I could've done it in Malibu. But he had to be the one to do it." He tapped the screen that showed the Quinjet taking off.
"That's alright. This one will do nicely." The driver slipped the birth certificate into the first folder. He then held out his hand for Bruce to shake, "a pleasure doing business with you, Doctor. You can expect your payment in the morning."
Steve reached out to touch the robot but Rhodey smacked his hand away. "I'm scanning him. Don't interfere."
"Uh oh." Tony's sensors picked something up right before Peter's own senses went off. One of the jets had been destroyed in the battle, and Wanda was now throwing chunks of metal at them. Iron Man easily blasted them apart with his repulsors, while Spider-man used his webbing to keep them from hitting any of the other Avengers.
"No, I don't. Even if they are people like him," Peter lowered his head. They sat in silence for a minute before Peter spoke up again. "I'm glad I did it, though. Something had to be done. Or he would've just kept coming after me."
"To answer your question, there was a lot that went into earning their respect," Peter shrugged. "Part of it probably has to do with Iron Man being my dad."
"So you're going to give up? Just like that?" Tony practically spat, not at all liking the way his son had been used.
The lights flickered as Bruce Banner made his way down the long hallway. It was raining outside, but no sound penetrated the thick walls of the maximum security prison. None of the guards paid him any mind as he walked by. He wore their uniform in order to avoid suspicion. Stole from some poor fellow who had been on his dinner break. Someone named 'Mark' according to the name tag. Bruce kept his head down. His cap cast a dark shadow on his face.
They eventually settled on star wars. Peter was determined to watch the entire original trilogy in one night, but everyone fell asleep by the end of the second movie. Peter was the only one still awake. He turned off the TV and went to the lab to get some work done. His anxiety wasn't going to allow him to sleep tonight.
The next chapter won't be up until next week. Fair warning, the next chapter will be violent. But there will also be quite a bit of superfamily fluff.
"Give him room!" Natasha shoved him back. "All of you, back off!" She swatted at the Avengers who had crowded around their leader. Steve did a quick headcount. Everyone was present. Except for Iron Man.
"No, they're fretting over their teammate. Who also happens to be their close friend." Pepper smacked the back of his head. Tony had always been self-destructive, but losing half his body in Afghanistan made him even more so. Pepper just counter her lucky stars that he hadn't sustained any serious injuries since then. Just damaging his prosthetics here and there.
"Right away, Sir," an image of Rhodey appeared in the corner of the HUD. Tony spiraled into the sky, narrowly avoiding the projectiles being shot at him.
"My calculations show that Captain Rogers is capable of punching through the armor if he so chooses-"
Tony woke up with Thor's face inches from his own. Thor was looking at him with a look of distress, but it quickly melted into glee when his eyes met Tony's own.
"I am the better version of Tony Stark," the armor answered as it grabbed Tony by the back of the shirt and flung him across the room. The cyborg used his repulsors to stop himself from crashing into the wall. He flipped around and hovered in mid-air, starting at the robot wide-eyed.
"I thought you'd never ask," Natasha cracked her knuckles and got to work. Steve went back to pacing the office.
Steve chuckled and leaned back against a bookshelf, "you don't have to raise him on your own, you know."
Tony was dabbing at the gash on Steve's forehead with a wet rag. The cyborg had left his suit on the Quinjet. Although he wished he hadn't. That way he wouldn't have to make eye contact with anyone.
Iron Man's grip on his shoulders relaxed, his hands sliding down to hold Steve's. Steve let his forehead rest against Iron Man's.
"Then why lie?" Steve said. "I told you I loved you. And I meant it one hundred percent. I said, on multiple occasions, that I didn't care about what you were. Robot or human. It didn't matter to me because I loved you for you. You could have told me at any time. I would've still been mad. But you could've told me."
"Don't touch that. Or that. Especially not that." Tony smacked Steve's hand away from the iron man gauntlet he was working on.
"Humans have such a strange way of looking at things," Iron Man mused. "Something can be right in front of their faces and they still chose to be blind."
The Avengers formed a protective circle around Tony and Peter. Rhodey refused to step out of his suit at first but did so when one of the Quinjets pointed a missile at them.
Both Rhodey and Bucky's cellphones started blaring the Avengers alarm before the conversation could get any further.
"Steve, you are so oblivious to certain things that its embarrassing. Yes, we're close." Bucky rolled his eyes. "We're a lot alike," he held up his bionic arm, wiggling his fingers with another sly grin. Steve chuckled and punched his shoulder playfully. Bucky ignited his engine. Sand kicked up when he spun his bike around to face the road. "We should head back, sun's gonna be going down soon."
"I didn't know," Clint admitted. "Not until after Tony let us meet you, and I found out your last name."
"Is your friend staying for dinner, Peter?" Steve called from the kitchen area, where he and Sam were preparing a meal. "It's taco night. Plenty to go around."
Bruce moved to support Spider-man, but Peter slapped his hand away. "Don't touch me. I can walk." He snarled. He followed Fury, head held high in a form of defiance. Tony frowned at the way Peter stumbled around. Had Bruce done something to his legs, or was his inability to walk straight caused by Tony's tasers? Neither option sounded appealing.
"I don't know, ask him." Steve looked up. Bucky followed his gaze and let out a horrified scream right as Peter dropped down on him.
"Wait, what?! By who?!" Clint jumped to his feet, an arrow already drawn. Tony scrambled to his feet, about to call his armor.
Less than an hour later, Iron Man found himself outside the facility he had been held captive in for so long. He stood up on the snowy hillside, blood dripping from his clenched fists as he watched the facility burn to the ground. The light was almost blinding against the night sky. Tony had never felt so satisfied to watch something burn. Every person in that building was most likely dead, their corpses burning away with the foundation. Every scrap of research done for the sake of Extremis was burning along with them. Digital records, physical notes and charts, tissue samples, all of it. Gone. There was a loud creaking noise, followed by a crash as part of the building collapsed in on itself. The collapse created a gust of wind that sprayed snow and embers into Iron Man's face.
Mid lunge, Peter's entire body was engulfed in red light. He hovered in the air for a moment, one hand outstretched to Wanda, the other balled into a fist behind him. The witch waved her hand, throwing Peter against the nearest wall, with his arms and legs splayed apart. Peter sucked in a sharp gasp of air when he felt his organs tightening inside him. Wanda's fingers were curling in, a sick look in her eyes as she squeezed the life out of Peter's lungs. Peter tried bucking, but his body wouldn't obey him. His jaw stretched wide, desperately gulping down air that couldn't quite reach his collapsing lungs. His eyes bulged and he started to become lightheaded.
Their small group arrived at the town a few hours later. They split up, asking around town and the surrounding area about possible Iron Man sightings. No one had seen anything. It had been cloudy that day, and whatever happened took place high above the clouds, out of sight of prying civilian eyes. Steve found another bolt on the side of the road. Rhodey found a clump of wires, but it was unclear if they belonged to Iron Man or not.
Peter froze, the food in his mouth suddenly tasting like sand. He forced himself to swallow it. "Why do you want to know?"
Steve knelt next to them, putting a hand on Peter's shoulder, "let me see that wound, son." Peter nodded, wincing as he shifted around to give Steve a better look at his burnt chest. The spider logo was completely gone, with parts of the fabric around it melted to his flesh. Blood seeped down his torso. "Can you stand?"
"I think this is a much more fitting fate, don't you? I get to watch you suffer, and you get to contribute your last days to science. A win-win for both of us," Obadiah chuckled. "Enjoy your new science project," he said to a man standing over by a row of computers.
Tony looked at his now empty bowl. "I don't want to go home because of the Avengers. I miss my bots. And I have to repair myself."
Iron Man marched away from the balcony. He went to the closest bedroom and promptly shed his armor. He was here to rest. Not reminisce. The cyborg had spent all day searching for Obadiah. This whole mess started with him. And it was going to end with him. Tony planned on taking himself down along with Obadiah. It seemed like a fitting end to Iron Man. Tony supposed he had a good run. He saved a lot of lives. Did a lot of good. He was proud of what he had been able to accomplish. But all good things must come to an end. Like his relationship with Steve. Tony fell face first onto the bed, wondering why he ever thought their relationship would actually work out.
"Then sleep," Iron Man flopped down beside Steve, half of his body still on top of him. Steve shoved him the rest of the way off. Iron Man rolled onto his back, his head turned to look at his friend.
I know it's been a hot second since chapter 13 was posted, but life has a tendency of getting in the way of things. Although, I always planned on coming back to finish this story.
"We better move this fight. If you really do intend to keep it between just the two of us," the man backed into the trees, melting away into the shadows.
"Peter, we just want to help. You trust us right?" Bruce sat on the edge of the bed, his eyebrows knit together. He reached out to touch Peter's other shoulder.
"I'm fine. I guess this explains why I couldn't detect a human heat signature." Iron Man grumbled. He picked up the red arc reactor, turning it over in his hands. "Destroy it," he held it out to Steve. The super soldier put it on the floor and crushed it with his shield.
The android floated in the back of his cell, having been silent up until now. The forcefield wrapped around the entire inside of his cell, preventing him from morphing through the walls. "Unfortunately not, miss Romanov. I think it is best that we wait and let matters unfold."
"If you say so," Steve was looking at Spider-man in way Spidey didn't quite understand. Like he knew something the youngest Avenger didn't. "Go find Peter. We'll all meet back here in twenty-four hours. Dismissed." One by one, the Avengers left the room, until Spider-man was the only one who remained. Taking a deep breath, Peter tucked the file under his arm and got up to leave. He could hear Tony speaking just outside the door.
Tony Stark, so that was to be expected. I'll return Peter's body to you when I'm done with it. Let you bury him with his real parents. Least I can do."
At least, that's what Steve told him. Tony was still keeping his distance from the team. He didn't want to deal with their looks of pity. Or their bullshit "we're sorry, we forgive you" speeches. He simply wasn't emotionally stable enough to listen. Part of him knew that they were being honest with him and that they wanted to repair their relationships just as much as Tony did. Meanwhile, the other half of him was still convinced that they all hated him and that their sudden acceptance was just another way to get back at him. Or maybe Bucky was making them be nice. That sounded like something Bucky would do. Maybe Steve was forcing them to do it for the sake of the team? Was Iron Man even still on the team? God, thinking about it made his head hurt. Too many conflicting emotions. Not enough sleep.
Steve's eyes wandered over to Tony. More specifically, Tony's arc reactor. It was flickering again. It was then that Steve noticed just how pale Tony was. He was about to ask the other man if he was alright when he bumped into Natasha, who had stopped in her tracks. She was pointing at something curled up on a log.
"Like I said, I don't care. There's more to love than just sexual attraction. And I'm not attracted to you like that anyway. I love you for you. And I'm content with just being at your side." Steve lowered his gaze and traced his index finger over the lines on Iron Man's palm.
"How about you just send it to me? I'll watch it later." Peter said quickly. "Can we talk about something else, now?"
"Then, let's keep this fight between you and me. No one else has to get hurt," Spider-man said. His healing factor had finally kicked in, and he could now see the six armed man clearly.
"You're excused," Steve put his hands on his hips. "We can worry about what we lost later. Right now, our priority is finding medical help for Clint. And like I said before, I would rather not have the team split up right now."
Tony returned to his workshop, bringing the entire pot of coffee with him. He decided that for right now his reason for existence should be to fix Jarvis. And so, he got to work.
"What are you doing?!" Steve yelled over the comms. It looked as though Iron Man was letting the Vulture fly away with Spider-man.
"Tony," Clint said softly. "I know we don't see eye to eye very often, but you're still my friend. I don't want you to die. I don't want Cap to die either, but you shouldn't be risking your life like this."
