Tony pressed the sign for I Love You over Steve’s heart and Steve did the same. They were married. They were married and they felt amazing. It had taken so much to get to this moment and finally, finally, they could enjoy it.
They had a long conversation between the four of them. There were even some tears. But eventually, they were able to get through to Tony and convince him to go see his therapist. She was a damn good therapist and Tony had been doing well with her. They just hoped that she could help with his before the wedding.
So with the wedding colours sorted, it came down to the nit-picky things. Tony actually asked Pepper to help them figure out everything. She was the queen of planning and organization and was more than happy to help out.
The two shed silent tears of joy as they slid their wedding rings onto the other’s hand. They were a matching set. Simple gold rings with each other’s names inscribed on the inside. They cried as Sam finished his bit and pronounced them husband and husband.
Tony came back to consciousness quite quickly. It was the pain that woke him up. It felt like his face and throat were on fire. That was one red flag in the multitude that were quickly springing up. Tony knew that something was very, very wrong.
But, before either of them could act on what had just happened, the room exploded and they were all thrown around. Steve helped Tony to his feet and the two went sprinting out of the room. They could worry about their new situation later. For now, the carrier was falling and they needed to fix that before everyone died.
Two days later Tony was getting his first-ever tattoos while Steve sat at his side and kept him distracted. Tony was getting two done at the same time so Steve’s presence was very welcome. Tony walked out of the shop that evening with Steve’s shield over his heart and a very interesting piece on his right arm.
Tony wasn’t surprised anymore when Steve showed up not long after Tony had retired to the bedroom and began mother henning.
Everything went smoothly that day until one of the bombs went off even after tony had disabled it. Thank fuck no hostages were near.
It would be a long time before Tony was anywhere ok again, but that was alright. Steve was there to help. He was there to remind Tony that he was good and deserved his love. That he deserved this family they’d made. But, years later, Tony was finally happy. He had a mate who loved him and an amazing kid. He was happy.
Not too long after, Tony gave one final push and baby Harley was born wet and screaming. Tony felt his vision blackout as there was a flurry of shouting around him. Steve was screaming his name and Harley was crying.
The two lay together catching their breath for a few minutes before either got up. They just laid in each other's arms and savoured the moment. They were safe. They were together, they were in love. It was perfection. Eventually, the cooling fluids on their bodies became a little much and Steve, with his boundless energy, got up to grab a towel to clean them up before bed. Steve was gentle in his motions. He made sure they were clean before he threw the towel aside and pulled Tony back into his arms. Tony laid his head on Steve’s chest and sighed in contentment. He loved how Steve made him feel. He felt safe. He felt loved. He felt powerful.
Tony screamed and nearly passed out when the team helped move him onto a stretcher so that they could carry him to the jet and back to the tower. Clint went off ahead with half of the armour pieces to go bring the jet closer while Natasha took the other pieces with her. It was down to Steve and Bruce to carry Tony back to the jet and they had to move fast. Tony was in shock and honestly not doing great. The sooner they got him to medical the better.
You see, while Steve had been getting his tattoos done, he’d also been posting the finished projects to his Instagram so he could give his artist credit. But even though Steve had been living in the 21
Steve crawled onto the bed and pulled Tony into his arms. The Omega bawled even harder and Steve rocked him back and forth. Steve felt lost for words as he held Tony in his arms. Where had he gone so wrong? What had he done to make Tony so upset that he was scared to hold his own baby for fear of getting attached? TO HIS OWN BABY!
By the end of Tony’s little tirade, he was shaking like a leaf while a steady stream of tears fell from his eye. Steve instantly held Tony closer and rested his head against Tony’s He hated seeing the love of his life so sad.
Sam turned around and saw what Bucky did. And Sam, being a smart man, knew exactly what had happened. The two walked together towards the lake and the log bench nearby where the figure sat. As they got closer, Bucky stopped walking and encouraged Sam to go talk to the man. So, Sam pressed forward and got his first good look at the figure. Although age had marred his features it was undeniably Steve sitting there by the lake.
“You did so good today baby doll.” Smiled Steve as he pulled Tony’s head to his chest. “I’m so proud of you.”
“Now. I’m sure that you have some questions So I’ll cut right to the chase. I know how you prefer bluntness.” Continued the doctor. Tony noticed that Steve began to grip his hand tighter. Something was really off about this.
The next day Steve donned his suit, grabbed the case containing the stones and Thor’s hammer, and confidently strode up onto the platform. He had a solid plan ready to go. He’d made his peace with Bucky and he knew that Sam and the others would be fine. They’d be just fine. And so would Steve. He could feel it.
Nobody was really surprised when Steve offered to be the one to return the stones to their places in the timeline. Hank Pym had been gracious in offering up some Pym Particles for the trip. More than enough for if Steve made a mistake and had to backtrack. Bruce, Scott, and Rocket had managed to get Tony’s time machine rebuilt and running so all Steve needed to do was return the stones without issue.
This worried Steve. They were supposed to be a team on and off the field. Sure he knew that Tony was a busy man, but it seemed as if he were intentionally isolating himself from everyone else.
“Such a pretty little thing. Fuck! How did I get so lucky?” sighed Steve. Tony just sent him another wink in response. It was a little frustrating not being able to talk and tell Steve everything he wanted to but Tony made it work. He’d just have to show Steve what he made him feel.
The infection had spread from Tony’s eye to the broken bone surrounding it. Because of this, Tony’s eye as well as a nice chunk of bone would need to be removed to stop the infection from spreading. Because of this, the area would need to be packed and closed over. This unfortunately meant that Tony wasn’t going to get any sort of glass eye to try and keep up his appearance. He’d be scared and eyeless.
signed Tony in frustration. His face had become flushed as he spoke and his friends looked at him with sadness in their eyes. Tony really hadn’t been taking the loss of his voice very well.
“Fuck Sweet Heart. You like it when I touch you there? Love hearing how loud you are.” Moaned Steve as he removed his fingers and began lubing up his cock.
It didn’t take long before the two had devested each other of their clothes and were making out on the bed like a couple of horny teenagers. Hands wandered as the two got all hot and bothered. Eventually, Steve managed to reach over to the bedside table to pull out the tube of lube they were currently using. It didn’t take long before Steve was fingering Tony open while sucking hickeys onto his neck.
As Tony carefully approached the explosive and opened it, he realized that this bomb was on a timer. A timer that only had ten seconds left. Not even remotely enough time to figure out how to defuse it. Tony instantly began to panic. He knew he didn’t have any time so all he could do was call for help and try and contain the blast.
But that still didn’t make it any easier to see the love of his life looking like a shell of his former self on the bad days.
The hall was simultaneously too quiet and too loud as Tony hobbled to the chair that was put out for him. People were shouting all sorts of questions and there were a lot of not-so-nice comments about his face. But Tony slipped into his mask and faced the crowd of reporters.  Steve gave his shoulder a squeeze before he took the microphone from the stand and took his seat next to Tony. He turned it a bit so that he could clearly see Tony’s hands. By then, a deafening silence had washed over the hall as people wondered what was going on.
“Alright, fine. How about Harley? Harley Joseph Stark-Rogers?” asked Steve and Tony looked over at him with wide eyes. Stark-Rogers? Now that wasn’t right. The baby wasn’t going to be Tony’s so why on Earth would he have Tony’s last name. Tony had to pull the plug on that and quickly.
“Please. Please don’t do this.” Whispered Steve as he placed a hand over Tony’s reactor. He’d removed his right glove so the colours were showing. “Please. We only just met. Please.”
Tony was crying again and so was Steve. Steve just held Tony and prayed that he would be able to fix this.
So, while sequestered away, Tony found ways to keep his mind occupied when Steve was bundling him up to watch a movie together or to give Tony a back rub. Tony was never going to complain about the back rubs. Steve’s hands were heaven.
Honestly, Pepper was the only reason things were running smoothly. Well, Pepper and Laura Barton. Between the two of them, they were able to keep Tony and Steve on track. Well… somewhat on track.
century for years at this point, he still didn’t understand the finer points of internet culture. So, posting multiple shirtless pictures that showed off his tattoos and his muscles certainly had the internet in a tizzy.
“Love you too, Capsicle,” he said, right before he leaned forward and drew Steve down into a dizzying kiss. There might have been a few whistles and chuckles, and maybe the sound of a camera snapshotting, but all Steve could focus on right now was Tony’s warmth against his.
“I was saving the president,” Tony said, turning with a flourish to include the rest of the group, who had been patiently waiting for their conversation to play out. Natasha caught Steve’s eyes as he followed Tony’s movement and tilted her head to the side in camaraderie, a shared ‘what can you do about it’ shrug of exasperated fondness. “I was thirty, forty feet off the ground and had to jump to avoid a blast from Extremis-crazed minions. JARVIS caught me with a suit well before I was anywhere close to the ground, and then I went to beat some fiery asses and save the day.”
“And he’s out,” Natasha said wryly. Her lips quirked as the four Roombas from before zoomed up to Clint’s body, circling it with great curiosity and chitter. Natasha stood and walked over, and the Roombas parted before her, lining up like soldiers before their sergeant. “Thank you for your service, but it’s not necessary for now. We’ll call when you are needed.”
“Petition for another nickname?” Steve requests without much hope, hoisting Tony up so he’s more comfortably in his arms. He tries to look past Tony to Loki, but Tony wiggles in his arms and Steve gets distracted.
Steve hesitated for a second, before saying, “Is this about Howard?”, even though he already knew the answer.
“Well,” Steve says, making a show of sighing as he gazes up at Tony, who’s eyes sparkled with amusement, “petition for a kiss at least?”
On the screen, Tony raises his hand, revealing the cupcake. He grins and bites half of it in one go. “All in a good day of work, perfecting a recipe. Now if only the stupid KitchenAid didn’t
“Or maybe,” Clint interjected from his bean bag chair, “you can argue Bruce didn’t fit the Never Have I Ever condition.”
“And nothing,” she confirms, says again, “with a shitty father and no one who understands. It’s not much, but just enough for a lifetime of scarring and the start of a beautiful friendship.”
“I’ll be happy to, Bruce,” Thor said. He looked at the small jelly bean, dwarfed between his warrior-calloused fingers, with grim determination, most likely recalling all of Bruce’s past horrified reactions whenever he chose wrong, and then tossed it into his mouth and chewed.
Steve laughs. “Maybe later, I’ll think about it,” he says, and kisses Tony before he can whine at him. “Are you having fun?”
Loki finally turns to look at him, lips quirked less insincere and more amused, and says, “Why did you invite me, Captain? So many changed neon ‘You’re cordially invited…’ signs without even knowing if I saw it.”
Steve let out a breath. Tony was right, Steve was even the first to admit that he jumped before. He could worry about Tony’s safety, but he could not hold him back from making his own choices. “I’m sorry,” Steve said, and Tony shook his head.
“Good,” Steve says, pushing aside rubble as he searches to make sure no one is trapped beneath. “JARVIS,” he says slowly, after he protected a man from a falling debris with his makeshift shield and sent him towards the stadium’s exit. “Tony is really alright, right?”
“Of course,” Tony says softly, glibness sliding away. He leans up and kisses Steve on the cheek, his goatee scrapping gently against his skin. “Anything for you,” he says. Then, Tony grins. “Now how do you feel about some cupcakes? Preferably by the dozen.”
Steve’s heart and mind came to a screeching halt, any previous good feelings evaporating in a flash, leaving him terribly cold. “You did it before?” he asked, and he didn't know how his voice ended up sounding normal when all there was in his mind were horrible images of Tony falling to his death. Steve would have been okay; he had his serum to protect him. Natasha had her training, and Clint as well when Tony couldn't get there in time with his Iron Man suit to catch him. Thor had Mjölnir and Bruce had the Hulk, but Tony? Tony was terribly vulnerable, very human and susceptible to being hurt.
Steve never did end up getting Tony his snack because not much later after their little conversation Tony was out like a light. He’d been through a lot; he deserved some rest.
Steve wasted no time in fingering his husband open. Tony moved along with his fingers and breathed heavily. Steve knew just the right way to make Tony’s nerves light on fire.
And there it was again but this time said while Tony wasn’t drugged up as much. It hurt to hear that. Steve still didn’t know where he went wrong with Tony. He’d been trying to make it up to Tony for his comments and actions early in after they’d met but apparently none of that had done anything.
But once everyone was there, minus Thor who had returned to Asgard, Tony quickly realized that he was the outsider. He was the one to pay for everything. He was the one to do all the work on their weapons and gear without proper thanks. Tony worked alone while everyone else became a team.
“Steve, of fuck. I’m gonna cum.” Whined Tony and Steve bent down and bit gently at his neck before whispering in his ear.
Tony smiled back as he turned his attention back to the room around him. The team were all gathered around watching the news while Clint’s older two were wrestling with Bucky and Nat. For the first time in weeks, Tony felt like he’d returned to some sense of normal. Sure, things were a little different now, but having this family to call him own? It made everything better.
“The internet keeps bugging me for updates on you.” Sighed Steve as he showed Tony the astronomical amount of notifications on his phone.
More angst? More angst. I told you at the start that this would be one angsty motherfucker. So, strap in and enjoy the ride. -Shadows
Almost two months after Tony’s accident, he was finally allowed to leave medical and return to his and Steve’s room. That small amount of freedom meant the world to Tony. He was no longer confined to the four white walls of his room. No longer surrounded by machines making sure he was still breathing. No longer suffocated by the scent of rubbing alcohol. He was free.
“Oh fuck…” moaned Steve as his hands flew up to grasp Tony’s hips. They fit together so perfectly. They were made for each other.
The bomb sitting in the corner of the room was tiny. Very tiny, but Tony still knew that it could do a lot of damage. But, because it was so small and finicky, Tony knew he wouldn’t have the dexterity needed to disarm it. So, Tony made the decision to leave his suit.
It should have been a routine call out for the team. They should have been able to hack into the building's system, take down the terrorists and save the hostages while Tony disabled the bombs. It should have been easy.
For once Tony didn’t have any words for the situation. No quips. No sass. Nothing. But, despite all of Tony’s deepest insecurities, he knew that the captain wasn’t one to lie often. Not about serious things. But Tony still didn’t have any words for the situation. Sure, Tony was used to people declaring their undying love for him, but this was different. This wouldn’t be another one night stand to fill the void in his heart. If Tony said anything this would be for the long haul.
“Mr. Stark, I’m glad you’re awake.” Smiled the doctor and Tony blinked up a bit sluggishly. They gave him the good drugs.
It took a while to calm Tony down. Thankfully, Harley just slept the whole time and they weren’t interrupted by doctors. No doubt they would soon but for now, it was just the two of them. The entire time Steve just helped Tony in his arms and kept him safe and warm. But eventually, Tony did calm down and they needed to talk.
“I don’t have you, Tony. I don’t. I’ve never hated you.” Stated Steve as he tried to look Tony in the eye, but Tony’s own eyes stayed trained to his hands.
Sam reached out and shook Steve’s withered hands. Steve placed his left over top of them and Sam instantly spotted the ring sitting proudly on his finger.
Somehow, Tony had gotten it into his head that he was going to have to give up the baby to Steve once they were born. Tony was reckless and had had problems with drugs and alcohol in the past. Sure, he’d been sober for a few years now, but why should Steve trust him with the baby? Tony was bad. He wasn’t good. Howard had told him that so many times. Same with Stane and everyone else. He wasn’t going to be a good parent.
As Tony dozed in his arms, Steve took a moment to think. The two of them had been through a lot in the last few years. Tony more so than any member of the team bar for Bucky. He needed a break. They both did. Maybe they should take a vacation. Somewhere warm where they could be alone. They hadn’t originally thought of taking a honeymoon, but after Tony’s accident, it seemed like a good idea to take one. Smiling, Steve leant down and kissed the crown of Tony’s head before he whispered a little message to him.
But Tony didn’t stir. He didn’t breathe. He was gone. And Steve, well he didn’t know what to do. He’d only just met his soulmate. Sure, they’d argued, but everyone in that room was arguing earlier. They should have had time to work things out. To get to know each other. They should have had more time. Tears fell from Steve’s eyes and he leant down and gave Tony a small kiss on the forehead. It was the only kiss he was ever going to get.
Tony was pretty much surrounded by his friends once he was back out the door. He was smothered in hugs and encouragement. He was soon whisked away back to their living quarters and plopped down on the couch. Steve wrapped him in a blanket and Bruce got to cooking. He had to make extra since Clint’s wife and kids were arriving at the compound that night to move in permanently. Tony was kind of excited to have the kids there permanently. They were good kids. Rambunctious but good.
Tony allowed Steve to wheel him out of medical without so much as a small protest. His knee was still healing and he couldn’t quite walk on it yet, but Tony didn’t care. He was going to be able to sleep in his own bed for the first time in months! He was going to be able to see his bots! He was going to be able to spend time with the team again. He hadn’t seen them much since his accident because they’d been busy running damage control, but he did see them. Tony missed team movie nights.
His heat was absolutely amazing. Steve had been attentive and caring. Tony had never felt so good during his heat before. For the first time ever, Tony felt safe and satisfied. It was an amazing feeling.
“Yeah, Tones. It’s just not the same without you here. Who else am I supposed to talk science with? I’ve only got you and Bruce.” Smiled Rhodey as he gave his oldest friend a hug.
All too soon Steve found himself staring down the all too bright and clear corridor leading to Tony’s room in Avengers Medical. He didn’t know what he was going to say but he knew he had to do something. So, Steve walked over to Tony’s room, knocked on the door, and entered.
“Tony,” started Steve as he smiled. He couldn’t keep the smile off his face nor the tears of joy from his eyes. “I love you so much. You make everything brighter. You’re my shining star. You’re my home. Tony Stark you mean everything to me. I’ve never met a man like you. Hell, I’ve never met a man who made me feel the way I do about you. You’ve been through so much and yet you’re still here. My shining star. I love you Tony Stark. I will always love you.”
Tony instantly began to panic. He couldn’t hold the baby! No! He couldn’t do that. He couldn’t grow attached. He couldn’t expose himself to such an innocent life. Tony’s hands began shaking as he crossed his arms and moved to the back of the bed to get away from Steve’s outstretched arms.
“Stark, you’re being a baby.” Teased Natasha in an attempt to lighten the moon. But Tony was having none of that.
Steve and his ever mother henning glory, noticed that Tony had been feeling off again. He understood why. Tony had gone through something life-changing and traumatic. Of course he’d be feeling horrible. Steve would be concerned of Tony wasn’t feeling bad about what had happened.
Tony and Steve didn’t keep secrets from each other. Steve told Tony about Bucky and what he did to his parents once he had all the information. Tony was rightfully upset about his Mom, but Steve gave him the comfort and space he needed to process what happened. It made things easier when they found Bucky and Brought him to the tower. Tony even made him a new arm.
“Alright Tony, you’ve absolutely got a broke femur here. We need to splint you up and get you back to the tower for medical treatment. This could get really bad the longer we wait.” Spoke Bruce and Steve saw Tony’s face blanch a bit.
But while Steve was going on his own personal journey of realization, Tony was trying really hard to tackle his own demons.
“And why shouldn’t a guy let off a little steam?” argued Tony. He didn’t know why but every time he got near Loki’s glowstick of destiny he felt angry and bitter. He placed his hand on the good captain’s shoulder and looked out over the room.
“STOP! Just stop it! Stop lying to me! He’s not mine. He’s yours. I’m not good enough to have a baby. I’m not good enough for a family.” Cried Tony as he curled in on himself.
Next up was Tony’s turn. He let go of Steve’s hands so that he could sign to him. Rhodey also stepped into view. Rhodey’s family was still learning sign so Rhodey was there to translate. With a nod and smile, Tony began his vows.
And then SHIELD fell and Steve had his eyes opened. He looked inside himself and tried to figure out how to adapt. And then Steve got to know Tony better. Sure, they’d fought when they’d first met, but now Steve couldn’t see his life without Tony in it. Tony was his light in the dark. He was… he was amazing. He’d been through so much and yet he was still so strong. It was hard not to fall in love once he got to know Tony.
Tony generally looked happy to explain things to Steve and Steve listened intently. But after a while, Steve began to focus on other things. Things such as the shape of Tony’s lips. How big and round his eyes were. How Tony blushed just a little bit whenever Steve asked him things.
The statement Steve posted was met with an outpouring of support, although Steve didn’t look at all the posts coming in from people he didn’t know. He just cared about Tony. Always about his Tony.
And that was when both Tony and Steve began to panic. Despite their earlier arguing, they were still soulmates and had only just found each other. They’d only just begun. Their story couldn’t be cut this short.
“Stee…” coughed Tony and Steve took one of his hands in his own while Steve’s other hand went to go and apply some pressure to the wound in Tony’s neck. He was extra careful not to apply too much and to not move the shrapnel at all.
But that didn’t really explain why Tony never really socialized with the rest of the team. Sure he’d come around every so often to make jokes and grab a bite to eat, but he never stuck around for too long. Even Bruce spent more time with the team than Tony did. Bruce made it to every team dinner and team bonding night. Tony seldom appeared. Like, he did show up, but it wasn’t often.
Steve thoroughly washed his hands and threw a mask on before he entered Tony’s room. He almost fainted when he saw his fiancé on the bed covered in bandages and wires. There was a neck brace around Tony’s neck and half of his face was covered in bandages and there was a little bit of blood around the edges.
“Hey sweetheart, stay with me. You’ll be alright. You’ll be alright.” Worried Steve, although the more he talked the words that Steve spoke seemed to be more to reassure himself and not Tony.
Next Steve got changed into something more comfortable. Just some sweatpants and a grey sweater that he knew Tony loved. He also grabbed some clothes and blankets for Tony. Just little things that would bring him some comfort. According to the doctors, Tony still had a long path of recovery ahead of him and he’d be in medical for a while yet. Steve wanted to make sure that the love of his life was comfortable. He knew that Tony would do the same for him. There was one point at the beginning of their relationship when Steve had gotten hurt and needed to spend the night in medical. Tony absolutely smothered him in blankets and didn’t leave his side.
That was when something snapped into place for Steve. For months Tony had been acting strange. He didn’t want to talk about the baby. He didn’t help with any of Harley’s room set up. Hell, he’d told Steve not to give Harley his own last name and to just stick with Rogers as a last name. And the fact that Tony was stressing about trying not to get attached to the baby? Did Tony think that Steve was just going to take Harley and leave?! Not, that was unacceptable! Steve had to fix this.
It only took Tony a week to figure out a tattoo ink that wouldn’t be eaten up by Steve’s serum. Now, Tony wasn’t a biologist by any means, but he did have a doctorate in chemistry. So he enlisted Bruce’s help and quickly, the two of them had made Steve safe tattoo ink in multiple colours.
“Tony, whatever’s wrong we can figure it out. We’ll be fine.” soothed Steve but Tony still refused to look him in the eye. Tony stayed silent for a moment longer before he took a deep breath and spoke once more.
“Well, he had the most amazing eyes. Had the greatest ass and the biggest heart. He was my everything. He died, last year for me. He was 87. We lived a great life. Best I could have hoped for.” Smiled Steve as he talked about his Tony.
“I’m so proud of you doll. So proud of you for asking for help. We’ll get you help. We’ll get you healing. I promise Sweet Heart. So proud of you.” Cooed Steve as he held Tony close and kissed his forehead.
“Steve… I’m pretty sure I’m in labour.” gasped Tony as he reached out and took Steve’s hand in a death grip. He needed the grounding touch.
Eventually, after some therapy appointments that Steve made Tony go to, he was holding Harley on his own. He still kept Steve close by. He didn’t quite trust himself with the baby yet. But this was a step.
A week after their engagement, Tony and Steve posted the news to their social media accounts. As predicted the internet went crazy. Fans of Tony and Steve went ballistic over the news. One teenage girl even got a nose bleed in her excitement. It was a little weird. And sure, there were the homophobic assholes who were overly vocal over Tony and Steve’s upcoming nuptials, but neither Tony nor Steve paid them any mind.
There was also the fact that despite sleeping around quite a bit in the past, Tony had never shared his heat with somebody else before.
Being on a team with Captain America was not really doing anything for Tony’s self-esteem. Tony had spent his entire childhood and adolescence being compared to the great Captain America. Howard Stark didn’t care about Tony. He cared about Steve Rogers.
Tony smiled at Steve when he arrived at the alter. Rhodey gave Tony a hug and Steve a pat on the shoulder before he went to stand next to Bucky. This was it! They were finally getting married. After so long they were finally able to bind their souls together.
Steve didn’t take his. He just sat there numbly. He didn’t know what he’d do if Tony died. He didn’t think that he could go on without him. Not after everything they’d been through.
Tony sat on the ground of his lab bathroom for a long time, just thinking. He was pregnant. He was pregnant with Steve Roger’s baby. On one hand, Tony was happy. He’d sort of always wanted kids of his own. Sure, his own father had been a monumental piece of shit, but Tony liked kids. He liked to go to hospitals in his armour to greet the kids there. He loved holding babies. He found it soothing.
Well, this is the end. I hope y’all have enjoyed this fic. It’s been fun to write. Drop a comment to let me know what you think. I’ve got a new fic in the works that I’m also excited about. But feel free to read any of my other fics while you wait for the new one. Thanks for reading. Enjoy the last chapter. -Shadows
It was around the three-month mark when Tony and Steve told everyone about the baby. Tony had been going to appointments to make sure that everything was alright, and once they knew it was safe to do so, Steve told everyone. Well, everyone bar for Rhodey, Pepper, and Happy. Tony told them himself. They were all excited about the baby and it took everything Tony had to plaster on a smile and enjoy the excitement. Or at least pretend to.
Tony and Steve sort of existed in their own little nebulous world when they were in the lab together. It felt right when they were together. But, where Steve felt that things were going great and could possibly move forward, Tony was thinking of the fact that this could never last. Sure, he put on a mask of bravado, Tony inside Tony was hurting and already preparing for Steve to leave him once he got what he wanted.
Hours later, when it was finally time for Tony to push, Tony knew that something was wrong. He felt absolutely horrible. His vision kept blacking out and he was very quickly losing energy. He didn’t even have the energy to shout out in pain because pushing a baby out was very painful.
But, while things were on track for the wedding of the century, things weren’t so well when it came to Tony’s emotions.
And that’s when it happened. Steve, who had removed his gloves a few moments ago, lifted his right hand to brush off Tony’s left. Exactly where their skin touched lit up in beautiful rainbows. But with everyone arguing, nobody seemed to notice. Well, nobody except Tony.
Steve made sure to remind Tony every single day that he was loved and that he was good. He gave Tony cuddles and massages and just generally showered him with affection. Steve loved Tony. He wasn’t going to go anywhere.
Steve and Rhodey got to their feet on shaky legs and followed the doctor off to a side room near where Tony was. Steve wanted so badly to run to Tony’s side to see how bad everything was, but he stayed put. This was important if he wanted to help Tony.
“Tony, I know that something’s eating at you. What’s wrong Sweet Heart?” asked Steve as the two sat side by side on the bed. Tony had been staring at the wall for over half an hour and Steve knew that his fiancé was trapped inside his own head.
When morning came, Steve still didn’t know how to address everything, or even with he should. Well, Steve knew that he should. He didn’t want Tony to continue thinking that he was hated by someone who actually loved him. So, Steve put on his big boy pants and went to go see Tony once more in medical once he’d eaten something.
“We’re… we’re gonna be alright now. We have to.” Spoke Steve as he reached out with his right hand to take Tony’s left. Their rainbows fit together perfectly.
It took them a little bit to actually make it to the conference room of the compound. Tony was on crutches and still quite weak and tired after his stint in medical so they made sure to budget in extra time for them to actually get there. But, once they were there Pepper was already walking out and the rest of the team were huddled around.
And Steve held up that promise. A week later Steve came back home with a galaxy of different coloured stars swimming across his shoulder blades. Each star was a different colour and represented a different member of the team. Everyone had some fun trying to figure out which star belonged to who. Although the red and gold star that sat in the center over Steve’s spine was quite obvious. Tony loved tracing the stars while they laid in bed together after a long day.
“I don’t know Tony. I still think a red, white, and blue theme is the way to go.” Joked Steve as Tony stuck his tongue out at him.
“Alright. Going quantum in 3. 2. 1.” Spoke Bruce as he flipped some switches and started the sequence. Steve smiled as he shrank. He knew everything would be alright.
Steve moved to bring Tony into his arms and smiled at his husband. He loved being able to get Tony to smile and just be happy. He deserved it. He deserved to be happy. Steve felt honoured to be the one of make him smile so sincerely.
By the time Tony had finished his speech, he felt absolutely drained. Steve was the one to help him up and out of the room. Neither cared about the flashing cameras and questions shouted at them. Tony just wanted some lunch and a nap. And maybe some Steve cuddles. Yeah, Steve cuddles sounded great.
“Hey, Tony. Do you think it would be possible for you to create a tattoo ink that would work with my serum?”
“Look Cap, I’ll cut right to the chase because this is a big deal and I have absolutely no idea who you’ll respond.” started Tony as he picked at the skin around his nails.
Always a consultant. Never an Avengers. So, Tony tried to keep his distance. Sure Tony would be there for call-outs. He knew he could help. But he wasn’t an Avengers so he knew he had no place at their team bonding things. Sure, he showed up every once in a while, but he never lingered. He didn’t want to see everyone being a happy team together while all Tony ever got from others were little scraps of happiness.
“Hi, Sam.” Spoke Steve, his voice lower and slower than it had been just seconds ago. But that’s what living an entire lifetime does to the body.
“Well, you’ve been working so hard lately I thought you deserved a little treat.” Smiled Steve and Tony made his way over to sit at Steve’s side.
It was now three days without Tony and Steve just felt numb. It was his funeral that afternoon and Steve felt like throwing up as he put on the suit that he’d had stashed away in his place in Brooklyn. He’d moved there part-time after the Decimation. The suit had originally be bought on the off chance he needed to dress nice for an event or date. He never thought he’d be wearing it to a funeral, let alone Tony’s funeral.
Hey guys! Who’s ready for a new chapter? I’m so excited about this one! I took some inspiration from Pineapplebread’s Tattoo AU but added my own twist. But seriously, check out her art. Here are the links to her
“It’s just… I don’t think I can stay here. I know that creating an alternate timeline is dangerous but these past five years… it’s all been too much. And now after losing Tony and Nat… I just…”
Starting therapy did wonders for Tony’s mental health once he got over his self-imposed barriers. There was a definite improvement to Tony’s mood now that he was figuring out his feelings over everything that had happened to him. But it was still slow going.
It took a moment longer for Tony to realize that he was both thirsty and still in pain and he very much wanted to remedy both of those. So Tony squinted up at Steve and opened his mouth to ask for some water.
Steve didn’t sleep that night. He was s stressed about trying to make things better. He wanted Tony to trust him. He wanted Tony to know that he liked him. He wanted to ask the man out for fucks sake. But Steve, well, he didn’t know what to do. Tony was convinced that Steve hated him. He’d resigned to that fact and in a moment of vulnerability, he’d let his insecurities peak through for just a second. Who’s to know what else Tony was feeling.
While the other Avengers took care of the five Doom Bots that Dr. Doom had unleashed on Queens, Tony was busy tracking down the bomb Doom said he had planted in the area. Tony was the one on the team with the best weapons knowledge and he would be the one who was best suited to disarming the bomb.
Luckily, the others arrived soon after and were also fussing over Tony. Bruce was quick to check Tony over and assess the situation while Clint and Natasha cleaned up the broken fragments of suit that lay strewn about. They didn’t need the Iron Man armour getting into the wrong hands. Steve started at Tony’s side and helped where he could.
Instagram was down for over an hour after Steve posted the picture. There was an outpouring of support and Steve had to turn his phone off because of the sheer amount of notification that he was getting. People were glad to see that Tony was alive and healing, but that only seemed to raise more questions about Tony’s state and what exactly happened.
“You’re… you’re hurt pretty bad Sweetheart. Just… just don’t move too much, ok. I’ll go call the doctor.” Worried Steve as he reached over and pushed the call button on the side of Tony’s bed.  Seconds later the doctor was there along with a few nurses who quickly made sure that Tony got the medication he needed. Thank fuck for nurses.
“As well, the damage done to his eye was also extensive. It is likely he’ll be blind in the eye assuming we can fully save the area. The bone there was shattered but for now, it’s stable and we’ve got it under observation. As for his leg, there was a small fracture to his knee cap that will heal with time and shouldn’t add to any of our current worries. Right now we have him sedated and he will most likely stay that way for at least a week. Now, would you like to see him?”
Steve hardly noticed when the other Avengers arrived on the scene and began to panic in their own right. Rhodey had tears in his own eyes as he plonked down at Tony’s other side and relayed information to Bruce who was outside waiting for the medical crew.
Steve left Tony there to sleep off his injury for a little bit. He deserved some rest. In the meantime, Steve had to sort out his own emotions so that he could figure out a way to best show Tony that he cared.
“You’re safe not Tony. You’re safe. I’ve got you. I’ve got you now. I’m never gonna let anybody hurt you like that again. You’re mine now. Gotta keep my Omega safe.”
And that phrase sent Steve through a loop. It shook something inside of him. Just how many times had Tony put his life on the line for others? Seeing what Tony had just done made him feel absolutely horrible for the jab he’d taken at Tony about not laying down on the wire. He remembered reading something in Tony’s file about palladium poisoning and acting erratically while he was dying but also not seeking help. It made him worried.
As the night came to a close, different members of the team said their goodnights and went off to bed. Although each and every last one of them took the time to give Tony a hug. Tony absolutely loved hugs. He hardly got them growing up and he’d gone years without getting a friendly hug from anyone but Rhodey, Pepper, and Happy before the Avengers formed. He’d been touch-starved for so long.
“Tony, you don’t look horrible. Your scars are part of you. You’re beautiful. Don’t let the world tell you any different.” Cooed Steve and Tony smiled back shyly.
“Fuck, Steve. I’m read. So fucking ready.” Moaned Tony as Steve moved his four fingers inside of him. He brushed against Tony’s prostate and that had Tony nearly screaming and arcing off the bed. Thank fuck for soundproof walls.
But Steve kept digging and what he saw wasn’t the same man that he’d read about from Fury and Natasha. He saw a man who cared deeply but covered it up. He saw a man who had to grow up too quickly. He saw a man who just wanted to do better. And Steve liked what he saw.
But for now, Tony was just focused on healing. He wanted to heal and get better so that he could finally walk down the aisle and marry the love of his life. He wanted that so badly it hurt.
Steve pulled Tony in closer and tucked Tony’s head under his chin. He ran his arms over Tony’s back and arms. The touch was grounding for both of them.
Tony and Steve’s first dance was magical. Steve held Tony close as they swayed to the music. Everything else just seemed to melt away until it was only the two of them left. Steve couldn’t help but lean in and kiss his husband. He would never get enough of being able to kiss his husband.
“I’m not good. He’s not mine to keep. He’s yours. I’m not good for him. He’s yours. I can’t… I can’t have either of you. Want that so bad... I’m not good. I’m not…” Tears were falling once more from Tony’s eyes and Steve felt his heart break. Where on Earth did Tony get these ideas about himself?
“You’ve got this Tones. Just be yourself and hope that Steve can accurately translate your sass.” Encouraged Rhodey and Tony smiled. No matter what happened, Tony knew that the team would have his back. It had taken him a long time to learn that, but he knew now. The Avengers were his family.
It took a little bit of pressing, but eventually Tony told Steve why he thought the things he did and why he was the way he way. The stories Tony told painted a horrific picture of abuse and gaslighting done by some of the people Tony was closest to. Steve’s heart broke as he listened. He let Tony pour his heart out while he offered his support.
Steve had planned that night meticulously. While Tony and Bruce were working hard down in the lab on some new smart medical equipment, Steve was making sure he had Tony’s favourite food ready to go as well as some dessert, candles, rose petals, and of course the ring he planned to propose with. It was all set up in their room and Steve was bouncing with excitement and nervousness.
A few days later, after a debrief and some tedious paperwork, Tony was allowed to go back to the tower. Steve went with him. That was when they truly started talking and working through the whole soulmates' things. Tony, well he confided in Steve his feelings about the whole situation. He never thought he’d get this and he was scared. He told Steve about Howard and everything he’d done to Tony. It made Steve furious that his once friend had hurt his soulmate like that.
“You’re doing so well, doll. Just hang in there. Just hold on for me.” worried Steve as he saw Tony starting to lose his focus and bearings.
With a stuttering breath, Tony slowly pried his left eye open. And that on its own was weird. Why couldn’t he open his right eye? Why did it hurt so badly? The light in the room as well as the sound of a heart monitor were very much overstimulating to Tony’s senses so Tony tried to turn his head into the pillow he was laying on. He very quickly learned that he couldn’t. There was something hard around his neck.
Steve trudged through the funeral and Tony’s last message. There were tears in his eyes as he watched the hologram of Tony say goodbye to his daughter. He hated that Morgan would grow up without her father. He hated that Peter had to lose another father figure. He hated that Pepper was a widow and that Rhodey and Happy had lost a brother. He hated that the Avengers were hurting from losing Natasha and Tony.
And so Steve dug. He dug and dug and asked JARVIS all sorts of questions and he quickly learned that Tony was so much more than the media painted him as. He learned that Tony and Howard didn’t get along and from certain pictures and interviews Steve pieced together that Tony didn’t have a very happy childhood. He regretted ever trying to compare Tony to his late father pretty quickly.
“I know you like to sleep in Sweetheart, but it’s time to get up now. I’m worried about you.” Whispered Steve as he retook Tony’s right hand in his and gave it a small kiss.
Tony eventually fell back asleep to Steve holding his hand and telling him how everyone else was doing. It was nice to know that everyone else was ok. The next day, the others were allowed to visit Tony in small groups. Happy, Rhodey, and Pepper got to go first. They’d been really worried about Tony and were relieved to see him awake. The visits were short because Tony was still exhausted and he needed his rest. The doctors and nurses were in and out the entire day. Tony was quite annoyed that he had to deal with having a feeding tube down his nose until his throat healed. He understood why, but it was not helping his pain and discomfort.
“Arg!” Bruce winced as he fell, clenching at his own head. Thor immediately hovered over him, hands opening and closing like he wanted to do something but didn’t know what. Bruce’s skin flashed green for a second, but then he took a deep breath in and then out, and the moment passed.
Bruce held up his spun wheel and the jelly bean that he chose, trepidation in his expression as he looked at it. A great weight seemed to have slid off of him when he tossed it into his mouth and nothing happened.
“I didn’t expect you to show up,” Steve says honestly, letting her implications slide off of him because they simply aren’t true and Loki knows it too, “especially not as a woman, though in retrospect” - he gazes at the multitude of invited SHIELD agents throughout the room, who, although Loki is no longer a criminal, would not be amused by her presence - “perhaps that’s a wise move on your part.”
Thor smiled. “All is forgiven, my friend,” he said, and Bruce’s smile warmed. Thor’s gaze flickered to their joined hands, which Bruce seemed to have yet notice Thor had yet to let go, and Thor voiced only after a moment of hesitation, “If it is all right with you, Bruce, may I have the honor of keeping your hand as per the custom of Midgard -- Earth?”
Tony hits the first speed dial on his phone and puts it on speaker. It connects and JARVIS’ voice filters out, “Jotted down, Sir. Yet another item onto a long list of unfulfilled projects.”
“You said something, Stark?” Natasha asked, smile welcoming and warm. There was a glint in her eyes.
“You’re not in your right mind right now, Tony,” Steve said helplessly, unsure how to reject Tony’s advance without hurting his feelings.
“Stark,” someone says, long-suffering but also with an underlying hint of amusement. Steve instinctively ducks behind a wall, out of sight from the kitchen. He recognizes that voice. “It was an extra one second at most,” Loki says. “There’s no way you can taste it.”
“I know,” Steve says quietly. “ Can you please help me tell Loki thank you for saving you? I -” Steve swallows. “That was really close.”
“I will,” Steve says, glancing across the room and catching Tony’s eyes. His eyebrows rise when he sees Loki by Steve’s side, bemusement followed by utter delight. Tony crosses the room, heading towards them like a child who caught sight of the cutest puppy he has ever seen, and Loki suddenly looks awkward like she wants to run. “Can I just ask you one question?”
Thor’s smile, broad and friendly, only widened with Natasha’s. “I had to try to save my love from those indeterminable foul beans, Natasha.”
Steve smiled wryly, and looked from Clint sprawled chest-down on the bean bag chair and back at Tony barely able to sit up straight. “If you can’t think of something, we can end the game right now,” Steve teased.
“How long do you think he’ll be out?” Natasha asked, poking Clint in the shoulder. He didn’t even twitch. “Thor, we can use your mead as a weapon.”
A holographic screen appears in front of Steve, displaying a video feed of the kitchen. “JARVIS?” Steve whispers, trying to figure out what’s going on and why Loki is in Tony’s kitchen, but JARVIS doesn’t reply. Steve looks at the screen.
Steve looks back at the race track. The dust still hasn’t settled. “You need to evacuate,” Steve says to the father and son, just as JARVIS says in his ear, “Sir is fine. Loki teleported him out of the way last second.”
“I’ve had better, no offense, Thor,” Tony said. He grinned a little lopsided. “Though, boy, is it strong. The last time I felt this drunk was back in my early MIT days when I spent the whole night drinking.” Tony yawned. “Anyway, since I’m getting sleepy and Steve is getting frowny, we’re gonna have to wrap this up.” Tony rolled his neck. “Last one standing wins. Never have you ever installed a pole in the middle of your private jet.”
They are just finishing the second lap, Loki in the lead, when several stories of a skyscraper plummet from the sky.
Natasha turned to Clint expectantly as the Roombas left the room as dejected as robotically possible. He opened his mouth, presumably to protest, but nothing came out. Natasha raised an eyebrow at him, daring him to argue after everyone else had taken the shot, and Clint scowled before jerking his glass to his lips. Just as he was about to take a sip, he lowered it again. “Wait, Tasha.
“Thank you,” Steve said, as Tony declared, “I resent being called a dumbass, though I do have a fantastic ass!”
Tony road Steve long and hard. He managed to draw two orgasms out of Steve before he finished himself. By the end, Tony felt like he was floating on a cloud while Steve cleaned them up and they curled up under the covers.
“Tony, just chill. I know for a fact that Steve is crazy about you. Just calm down.” Stressed Rhodey after having watched Tony pace and fidget got over half an hour.
Steve was a small storm as he ran around the room gathering the things that they may need before he was yelling at JARVIS to wake up Natasha so that she could drive them to the hospital. Once Natasha responded, Steve scooped Tony into his arms and carried him to the waiting car where Natasha would meet them.
“I’m… I’m working on making Bruce new stretchy… stretchy pants…” huffed Tony as he started to go into shock.
They had been on a few missions together after the Avengers had moved into the tower and the team was getting increasingly closer. Well, they all were except for Tony. That… well that worried Steve a little. Sure he’s read in Tony’s file that he wasn’t a team player and didn’t work well with others, but all evidence pointed to the contrary. Tony worked great with the team and with others. The man just had no patience for bullshit. And well, Steve couldn’t really blame him. Steve had no patience for it either.
Tony’s problems with the Captain probably weren’t helped by the fact that Tony had had a crush on the man since he hit puberty. Let's just say that Captain America awakened something in Tony that Howard Stark hated.
They sat in silence for a few moments with only the beeping of machines and each other’s heartbeats for company. While sitting there in Steve’s arms, Tony thought long and hard about what he should do. He knew that he was feeling like shit and that feeling had been building for a long, long time. Tony had dealt with mental health problems since he was a kid being kidnapped and beat on a regular basis. Then there was Stane and the drinking and drugs and gaslighting. Then Afghanistan and Loki and AIM. Honestly, Tony needed help. Help that he knew that Steve couldn’t always give him even though he tried. Now, Tony didn’t want to admit any weakness, but he knew when to throw in the towel. He needed help, plain and simple.
“Don’t worry Sweetheart, you’ll be alright. I’m not leaving you. I’m here. I’m not leaving.” Soothed Steve after one horrible bought of throwing up.
Steve was at a loss on what to do. He felt horrible. How the fuck had he managed to come off as hating Tony when it was just the opposite. And the fact that Tony thought that he was only being nice because he thought that Steve wanted something from him! It broke his heart.
Tony always enjoyed date night. Ever since he and Steve had gotten together after SHIELD fell, they’d made it a thing to go out every Wednesday night, just the two of them. It was their one constant in an ever-changing world.
“Fuck…” swore Tony and Steve didn’t know what to do. No amount of first aid and military training had prepared him for seeing his crush laying on the floor with a broken femur after an explosion.
Tony stood there in shock. He turned his hand around in front of him and marvel at the rainbows he never thought he’d ever get to see. His breathing sped up a little as he watched the colours grow over his thumb, pointer finger, and down towards his wrist. Time seemed to stand still and all Tony could focus on were the colours.
They sat in the corner that night, just enjoying each other’s company. They’d both been so busy. Between Tony’s work for SI as well as Avenger’s missions, these dates were a reprieve from all the calamity of their lives. Getting the chance to just be together, the chance to just be Steve and Tony, it felt like a breath of fresh air.
“You know I’m proud of you, right Tony?” spoke Steve one night as they were laying together in Tony’s medical bed watching some mindless comedy special on Netflix.  Tony just blinked back at him and nodded sluggishly. He wasn’t in the mood to really deal with all the mushy gushy stuff that came with being in a relationship with Steve.
Tony spent his afternoon on the largest, comfiest couch in the living room eating snacks and watching movies with his friends. He was safely enveloped in Steve’s arms and for the first time in months, Tony felt completely at ease.
Steve didn’t return to medical until the next day. He was too caught on what Tony had said. What the hell had he done to make Tony think that he still hated him. And well, Steve had never really hated Tony. He was just going through a lot and he didn’t take out his frustrations in the most healthy way. That was on Steve, not Tony.
“You’re staying here in medical Tony. I’m not going to let you hide in that lab of yours and inevitably hurt yourself. Pepper will understand if you can’t build things right now. And as for us, we can wait. You’ve made sure that we have enough gear.” Spoke Steve as he tried to coax Tony into understanding that he could take a break to heal.
As Tony stood there in shock Steve began to see the colours on his own hand. And that caught him off guard. He looked over at Tony to see the man almost shaking, but from what emotion he did not know. It was hard to tell, well, until Tony spoke.
“I’m just happy. I didn’t think I could ever be this happy. I’m glad I have you, Tony. You make me happy. I’m happy I get to spend the rest of my life with you.
“So I uh… I take it this is good news?” asked Tony as Steve held him closer. Steve just nodded and held Tony close while tears soaked Tony’s shoulder.
The second they arrived back on their floor, clothes were flying and Tony quickly found himself lifted into Steve’s arms and backed up against a wall. He ground his erection against Steve’s abs and groaned when Steve palmed at his ass.
The second they got to the living room. Tony was bombarded with excited shouts from the team as well as Happy and Pepper. Everyone was there and excited that Tony was out of medical. Not only that but there were also loads of Tony’s favourite snacks set up as well as Tony’s favourite guilty pleasure movies were queued and ready to play.
Bruce flipped the switches again and everyone present watched the platform with rapt attention. But nothing happened. No sparks, no lights, no Steve. Nothing. Bruce looked perplexed and began fiddling with all sorts of colourful buttons and levers while Sam yelled about trying to bring Steve back. It was Bucky who noticed the figure sitting by the lake. He knew this was coming but it didn’t make it any less painful.
“Of course I do. You promised when we started dating to tell me every day until I believed you. And I believe you. What’s all this about?” asked Tony and Steve knew it was time.
Tony had a rough childhood. Howard Stark used to beat him, yell at him, and make him drink which lead to a drinking problem. Howard would always go off about the good captain and Tony learned things. So, Tony grew to both love and fear Steve Rogers because of what Howard Stark had become in his absence. Being threatened with the Captain was enough to make any child fear for their life sometimes.
“I love you, Tony. So damn much.” Whispered Steve as he pulled Tony's head to his chest and the blankets around them.
And so Tony started going to his therapist more often. Steve thought nothing of it when he noticed. He knew that Tony needed to do what he needed to do to heal. Steve often cared about Tony’s health and happiness more than his own. That was it’s own problem to dissect, but at least Tony was seeking help. Steve was so proud of his fiancé. Tony had finally broken the cycle of shame that Howard Stark had started. Tony was a better man than his father could have ever dreamed to be. Tony was good.
The picture Steve posted was a recent one. There were still some bandages on Tony’s face but they were mostly hidden by the way Tony's face was laying on Steve’s chest. Plus the photo was taken by Natasha one night from the doorway to Tony’s room. She had seen the two sleeping together and couldn’t help but take the picture and send it to Steve. It was sweet and Tony looked so peaceful. Probably the most at peace he could be while still in medical and attached to machines.
“Tony…” worried Steve as he looked at his fiancé. Tony’s hands were shaking and his lips were trembling.
Most of the time Tony had to fight down a blush when the good Captain talked to him when they were alone in the lab. Tony was really confused about the situation. Steve hated him! Why was he so determined to spend time with Tony in the lab? Did he want something? Why didn’t he just ask Tony for whatever he wanted and be done with it? Normally Tony would have confronted Steve about this, but he was just so sick and tired of being alone in his lab that he welcomed the contact.
smiled Tony as he fell into Steve’s arms. Even though they had a king-sized bed they always slept curled up together.
Instead of sitting around, Steve went to go find the other Avengers. He needed to just talk to somebody about something else other than Tony being sick. He ended up finding Sam and Bucky working out together in the gym. They gladly offered Steve a distraction and a snack.
Tony didn’t really pay attention to Pepper’s little introduction. He was too nervous and stuck in his head. It was only because of Steve that Tony didn’t miss his cue to go through the door and up onto the platform.
Tony went into labour in the middle of the night. He’d been feeling uncomfortable the entire day and he’d reached his breaking point around midnight when it finally clicked in for him that he was in labour.
The second that arrived back at the compound, Tony was wheeled away for surgery. In his panic, Steve tried to follow and was pushed to the side and away from the operating room. Steve watched as the love of his life was wheeled away and that was when the reality of the situation began to hit him. Tony’s injuries were very severe. There was no denying that. What if that was the last time that Steve ever saw his beloved? What if “Love you Steve” were Tony’s last words.
After that news came out, Steve began to hover around Tony… a lot. Where Tony was, Steve was often seen tailing close behind. Steve even moved into Tony’s room. That was when the comments started surrounding their relationship. Tony knew in his heart that there was no relationship there. Steve just wanted to be close to protect the baby. It was in his instincts.
As Steve scanned the area he saw the scorch marks on the far wall and on the roof. The Iron Man armour was strewn about everywhere and in the middle of it lay Tony. Steve sprinted to his side and immediately began to panic when he saw the state that Tony was in. Pieces of the Iron Man armour had sliced up Tony’s body but the worst places were his right eye and throat. There was an impressively large piece embedded in Tony’s eye while another large piece was sitting in the middle of his neck while blood oozed sluggishly around it. As well, Tony’s right leg was sitting at an odd angle but that was the least of Steve’s worries.
The entire time they were all together, Steve couldn’t stop looking at Tony. Although all of his bandages had been removed and his scars were now visible to the world, he was still Steve’s Tony. Steve could tell that some of the others were a little bit unnerved by Tony’s lack of eye. Hell, even Steve was himself. Seeing scared skin pulled over the now packed and closed eye socket was unnerving. Steve didn’t blame anyone for being a bit unnerved. Just as long as they didn’t make Tony feel any more self-conscious of it than he already was.
And that should have been the end of it. Steve would go back to tolerating Tony and Tony would go back to not socializing with the team and hiding in his lab. Steve had only offered to help because he wanted to be a gentleman anyway. And sure, very frequently, Steve would take Tony out for dinner or a movie (and often kiss his cheeks), but he was just being nice. Tony could have said no and that would have been the end of it.
“I’m happy for you. Truly. The only thing bumming me out is I have to live in a world without Captain America.”
“I can close it! Can anyone hear me? I can close it.” Spoke Natasha over the coms and Steve sighed in relief.
Things were a little weird between Tony and Steve for a few days after the baby name conversation. Tony didn’t know what was going on. Not only was Steve hovering more, but he was also showering Tony in gifts, praise, and gushy nicknames. Tony was called sweetheart, doll, sweet thing, baby, sugar, pretty much every name in the book. Tony didn’t know how he was supposed to feel about this. Sure, the treatment made him blush and his tummy flutter, but Tony was confused.
It didn’t take long after that for the doctors to have an answer as to what was going on and what they needed to do. Neither Tony nor Steve liked what was about to happen.
“Not just your brain. You’ve got a great ass too.” Joked back, Steve. It was nice to fall back into their normal teasing banter after so long in medical.
Bruce continued to fuss along with Sam while Bucky just sat there in silence with a small smile on his face. Steve, well he didn’t pay them much mind. His mind was in the past thinking about the first dance he and Tony had had on their wedding day back in 2015. They’d been together for 25 years by that point and it had been magical. Steve had went back to 1990 and gotten together with Tony. He’d made a lot of changes including saving Bucky and Nat from HYDRA, ridding HYDRA from SHIELD, and getting rid of Stane so he could never hurt Tony. Almost everything he’d done had been for Tony.
“Tony. Sweet Heart. It doesn’t matter to me if you can’t talk anymore. What I care about is that you’re alive and here with me. And you will always be Tony Stark. You are still powerful Tony. Even without your voice. I love you, Tony. I love you so damn much and I will do whatever it takes to make sure that you’re comfortable. I’m not leaving Tony. Not unless you tell me to.” Soothed Steve as he ran a comforting hand up and down Tony’s back.
“Someday those assholes will learn.” Spoke Steve and Tony smiled as he looked at the ceiling of their room. Steve had painted it recently. It was don’t up in red, gold, and blue swirls, flowers, and vines. It was a colourful mess and Tony loved it.
The two did almost everything together. They were made for each other. They were two halves of one whole. They were happy.
The day everything changed started out just like any other day at the tower. The Avengers all ate breakfast and went about their daily business. Tony wandered into the kitchen around 11 am in search of coffee and food after the all-nighter he’d pulled to fix up Natasha’s widow bites. He was exhausted and more than ready to bite into the mac and cheese he’d made when the call to assemble went off. Food be damned, it was time to join in the fight.
“Well… after I put the stones back I figured I’d… try some of that life Tony was always telling me to get.” Explained Steve as he slowly waved a hand around.
Moments later Tony was cumming around with a loud moan that triggered Steve’s orgasm. The two collapsed into each other's arms. They were breathing heavily and just holding each other close while trading little kisses. At that moment, the only that in the world that mattered was each other.
Tony was pretty tired after their coupling so Steve made sure he was all cleaned up and safe in his arms. Steve loved these moments after. The moments where it was just the two of them together. Sated and satisfied. He loved just holding Tony close as he drifted off to sleep.
As the days marched on it became increasingly clear that the medication wasn’t working the infection wasn’t getting better. So, it was time for more tests, x-rays, and MRIs to try and find the root of the problem. Steve didn’t like the MRIs because he couldn’t be in the room with Tony. Although Tony had been asleep the entire time. When you’re forced to stay still for over half an hour with nothing to do, sometimes the best thing to do was take a much-needed nap.
“I know you hate me but can you give me a little slack here! If it weren't for me, those civilians would be dead!” murmured Tony and Steve felt his heart sink.
Steve wasn’t able to finish his sentence before the tears started flowing. He just wasn’t in a place where he was currently able to deal with everybody he’d lost. He wanted to scream and cry and hit something. He wanted to bring Tony and Nat back. He wanted this nightmare to end and the only solution he could think of was to use the stones to bring himself somewhere else. He just couldn’t deal with living here anymore.
It took Tony a few days to finally start to see the positive effects of the surgery. The infection went away and Tony’s fever broke. He was no longer throwing up and his throat was finally on the mend. Tony was slowly getting healthier and both Tony and Steve were happy about that.
Tony was breathing heavily at Steve’s side. Steve couldn’t help but move a bit so that he could kiss his fiancé. A deep blush had spread over Tony’s face and chest as he shakily signed “
Tony quickly paid the bill and soon enough the two were zooming back to the tower. It felt like they couldn’t get there quick enough. Steve may have broken a few traffic laws, but they arrived back at the tower quickly and the second the bike was parked, the two were racing to the elevator and making out like teenagers.
“I need back up to my location right now!” shouted Tony into the coms as he had JARVIS envelope the bomb with the suit to help contain the blast.
Steve and Rhodey instantly raced to Tony’s side. Rhodey just plonked himself down in a chair and sighed as he watched his oldest friend laying in the bed before him. He slowly took his own seat and reached out gingerly to take Tony’s right hand. His own hands were shaking and it felt like all at once, everything came crashing down.
Tony just looked up at the love of his life and tried to smile. It was a bit hard but he got there. Steve smiled sadly back and leaned in to kiss Tony’s forehead.
“Tony, come on. Please. Please tell me what’s going on. You’ve been sitting here with tears in your eyes. I… Tony.” Pleaded Steve one afternoon while the two were laying in Tony’s medical bed together. Tony just shook his head and snuggled in closer to Steve’s side.
So he flew the nuke into the portal and hoped that Steve Rogers would be proud of him for laying down on the wire.
“Stark? You alright?” asked Fury drawing everyone’s attention onto Tony. And that was when they saw the colours.
“I mean it, Tony. I’m so, so proud of you. You’ve… you’ve been through so much and you’ve beaten the odds every single time. You work so hard, every damn day. I couldn’t be happier to call such a strong man my fiancé. You make my life better.” Spoke Steve as he smiled down at Tony.
“Tony, doll. Of course, Harley is yours. He’s both of ours.” soothed Steve as he went to go set Harley back down in his bassinet.
As Steve got closer to Tony’s location he could clearly see the trail of destruction left by the bomb. They were so lucky that they were poorly made and didn’t have much firepower. Steve picked up his pace once he saw a few pieces of the Iron Man armour strewn about. Tony must have used the armour to protect himself when the bomb went off. So Steve picked up his pace and shouted once he saw Tony laying in the middle of the floor in an office space. There were broken tables and chairs everywhere. But that wasn’t what caught Steve’s eye.
Signed Tony as he shook like crazy at Steve’s side. If Tony were still a kid, Howard would have called him weak and beat his ass for asking to see a therapist. But Tony knew he needed help. Steve showed him that it was ok to ask for help and Steve’s opinion mattered more than Howard’s. Howard was dead. Steve was here with him now showering him with love.
“Hey, Tony. It’s alright. It’s ok. Don’t… don’t…” spoke Steve. There were tears in his eyes. Why were there tears in his eyes?
Sam walked up to the front where they were all standing. He was going to be the one to officiate. Steve had asked him personally and Sam couldn’t say no to one of his best friends. So, Sam went out and got ordained just for the occasion.
“But I might be persuaded to tell you about HIM.” Smiled Steve and Sam looked a bit shocked before he too smiled.
It just felt so… unbelievable that Tony was gone. There was still so much left unsaid. So much Steve had to apologize for. So much he still wanted to do with the genius. And now? Now Tony was gone. He’d sacrificed himself for the universe, for the Avengers, for Pepper and his children. He was gone and no matter how much Steve prayed, he knew his genius was never coming back.
While they laid there, Tony got to thinking. He trusted Steve. Trusted him with his life. Steve was smart and sweet and a damn good Alpha. He trusted him. And if what Steve said was true, then Tony knew he could trust Steve with some of his darkest secrets. What’s the worst that could happen?
In the interest of Tony being a shit disturber, they took a few photos together showing off their tattoos. Tony wore deep black sunglasses in the pictures. Although the world had seen the scars on his face where his eye used to be, Tony still didn’t like people seeing the area. He didn’t like the stares he got nor the pitying looks he got from some of the employees at SI and the compound. The looks made him think of the numerous times that Howard had called him weak and pathetic growing up.
“I can’t wait till I can make love to you again. Can’t wait to show you how much you mean to me. You’re my everything, Tony. I love you so fucking much.” Cooed Steve as he resumed his kissing.
“I want him more than everything, but he’s not mine. He’s yours. I’m bad. I… I can’t be good for him Steve. I can’t.” panicked Tony as tears rolled down his cheeks. His hormones were going crazy and Tony wasn’t able to get his emotions back under control. He tried but all he got were more tears.
Tony was mostly in and out of consciousness while the doctors waited to see if the treatment would do anything. Steve stayed by his side the entire time and updated everyone else on Tony’s condition. Needless to say, everyone was worried sick.
Steve got extremely touchy towards the end of Tony’s pregnancy. He was always holding Tony close and giving him little kisses. It made Tony’s heartache to know that he couldn’t keep this. He couldn’t keep Steve. He couldn’t keep the baby. Tony was bad. He wasn’t a good Omega. He couldn’t keep nice things. The thought of losing all of this kept Tony up most nights as he tried to keep the tears from his eyes.
As the night wound down and their friends went off to bed, it was time for Tony and Steve to leave for their honeymoon. They were heading to a private island Tony owned. They had been there a few times with the team just to vacation, but this time, it was just them. They had packed their bags and loaded them onto the jet earlier so they didn’t have to worry about forgetting anything as they said goodbye to their friends and boarded the jet.
Tony didn’t know whether to hit Steve or kiss him for that terrible joke. Instead, he just opted to kiss him. Before Tony knew it, Steve had carried him over to the bed and nestled him in the sheets while he reached over and grabbed the tube of lube from the bedside table. That was another thing Tony loved about Steve. Tony was used to having to be the strong one in the relationship. Here, he didn’t have to. Tony had no clue he had a strength kink until he met Steve.
Luckily seeing the internet implode when Tony and Steve shared the pictures they took together was enough to put a smile on Tony’s face. And sure, the majority of the comments were people thirsting over Steve, but to Tony’s surprise, he had quite a few people commenting about him. And in a positive way no less.
“Hey, it’s alright. SHIELD is on its way. We’ll get you checked out.” Soothed Steve. There were still tears in his eyes.
Steve slowly began to pick up the pace. As his thrusts got stronger, he took Tony’s hands in one of his and held them above Tony’s head while his other hand gripped at Tony’s hip enough to leave a handprint-shaped bruise there in the morning. Steve’s own personal claim and Tony’s dirty little secret.
Then there was also the fact that Steve was talking about their wedding again. Normally, talking about their wedding plans gave Tony hope. Not that day. That day, talking about their up-and-coming nuptials filled Tony with a sort of dread. Not because he didn’t want to get married. No, Tony very much wanted to marry Steve. No, it was more to do with Tony’s new appearance as well as his lack of words.
But with better health and longer periods of wakefulness came Tony having to confront what had happened to him In one bad explosion Tony had lost an eye and his voice. His face and neck were now covered in scars. His other eye had been damaged a little bit so he’d need glasses now. And yes, Tony could still communicate with ASL or writing, but he couldn’t talk.
“Whatcha thinking ‘bout doll? Asked Steve as they lay in bed together. They’d been married for three months now and things were finally starting to get back to some semblance of normal. Well, normal for them.
Fury was quick to bring the team up to speed as they flew out to Washington where a terrorist cell had planted bombs all over the national bank and had 100 people held hostage.
Steve had been the one to ask Tony out a few months after SHIELD fell and all the Avengers began living together while taking down what remained of HYDRA. Tony had recently gotten his arc reactor removed and had also just broken up with Pepper. Tony had been moody and grouchy after the breakup and Steve decided that the man needed some company.
When Tony came back around, the doctor and nurses had gone and only Steve remained at his side. He was trying to hide his own sobs as he tucked a nice, warm blanket around Tony. Tony blinked up as his fiancé and reached up to grab his hand. Steve quickly saw that Tony was awake and took his hand while returning to the seat at his side. He brought Tony’s hand up to his lips and kissed the knuckles. Despite the situation, kisses from Steve never failed to make Tony’s heart flutter.
“Wait! So you went and did exactly what I told you not to do and created an alternate timeline? Really Cap?” complained Bruce but Steve just smiled back.
Steve also had a bounce in his step as they left medical behind. He’d spent the last two months worrying over Tony and having his own nightmares about his love dying in his arms. Now that they were finally leaving medical Steve could finally breathe again. But that wasn’t the whole reason behind his happiness.
“Yup. Everything’s hunky-dory. Now, when can I get out of here?” asked Tony as he tried to move and only succeeded in barely suppressing a wince that Steve absolutely saw.
The second they landed medical personnel were there to cart Tony off to go get x-rayed and into surgery as soon as possible. Steve wanted to go with Tony, but he wasn’t allowed. All he could do was shed his uniform, shower, eat something, and wait in the plush chairs that Tony had put outside of Avengers Medical.
Steve also spoke up on his feeling on the matter. How when he was a kid he also thought he was never going to get a soulmate with him being so small and sickly and how he thought the serum had stolen his ability to even have one. But now they had each other. They would be alright.
“Congratulations! It’s a baby boy!” announced the ultrasound technician and Tony watched as Steve cheered and cried over the fact that he was going to have a healthy son. Tony knew that Steve had been worried that the baby would pick up all his old ailments and illnesses, but so far the baby was perfectly healthy.
Natasha and Bucky were the first to arrive there in medical after the debrief. Rhodey would have been first but he was updating Happy and Pepper so that they could get to the compound as fast as possible. When the two arrived in medical Bucky was quick to get to Steve’s side and sit down with him. He slung his arm over Steve’s shoulders and just stayed there to let Steve know that he wasn’t alone.
“Look Tones. I know that a lot has happened to you. I know that that stupid head of yours can’t help but focus on all the bullshit. If I could go back and give Howard a piece of my mind then I would. But today? Today is all about you and Steve. He loves you so much Tones. I’ve never seen a guy love you that much. He’s not going to suddenly bail on you. So Tony, today, you are going to get married. You’re going to get your happy ending. If anyone deserves today, it’s you.”
The team was down to only one bot left when Tony located and made his way to the bomb. It was in a new apartment complex that was still under construction. It was hidden in the basement and Tony was quick to make his way down there to start disarming the bomb.
The most Tony could ever let out were some painful little grunts that made him shut up pretty quick.
Tony seemed pretty out of it when Steve entered the room. He was hooked up to a few machines that Steve didn’t know the purpose of and the bed seemed to make the man look even smaller than he was. His leg was carefully padded with gauze and bandages but Steve could see the small parts of the metal frame sticking out. But still, Tony was alive and Steve was grateful.
“I just wanted to make sure he’s safe,” Steve groans, covering his face, even as he feels a chagrin grin spread across his face. He has been teased about this one time too many by the Avengers already to truly feel embarrassed and upset by that. He glances back up after a moment, still smiling. “Thank you for saving him. I asked Tony to pass it to you, but I never told you myself.”
best of three, but so far” - an image of the track appears on the big screen, red and green zipping across the line in tandem, but the red just a touch ahead - “Iron Man is in the lead!”
“Are you okay, Bruce?” Thor asked, offering a hand to him. “My apologies, I did not mean to bump into you.”
Tony cackled. “Oh, this is the best,” he said, as a Roomba, after cleaning the spill on the floor, attempted to climb up Thor’s leg to reach his dripping shirt. The rest of the Roombas circled Thor eagerly, ready to pounce on the next drop of Asgardian mead that would fall to the rug from his shirt.
Steve flushes, both at how Loki said Tony’s chosen nickname of the day for Steve without any hint of irony and because he caught Steve hiding behind the wall like a schoolkid. Tony whirls around just as Steve steps out, and then Steve forgets everything else temporarily as Tony lights up and leaps at him, wrapping his arms and legs around Steve like a monkey.
“Sir, as Captain Rogers has repeatedly affirmed and I concur, you can befriend whoever you want.” Tony gives a nearby security camera a skeptical look and before he can remind them of The Race Incident again, JARVIS continues, “Based on Mr. Loki saving your life at the race, we have reduced his threat level to Level 4.”
“You do that,” Natasha responded dryly, before grabbing Clint by his shirt and heaving him over to his bean bag chair. She deposited him on it, chest down and head hanging off in case he threw up. She went over to her spot by the fireplace, picked up her glass of champagne, and took a sip as she walked back to the bean bag chair and took a seat next to Clint. “Now, where were we?”
Cheers and shouts of Tony’s name rise, drowning everything else out. Tony performs a midair twirl in celebration, eye catching and gorgeous, and in that split-second, Loki teleports ahead of Tony and pulls ahead.
“So can,” Tony insists, argumentative and apparently not least worried about the once-wanted criminal in his kitchen. “You try it then.” He chucks the cupcake he was holding overhand across the room to Loki.
Tony fishes out his phone. “I’m going to give us all comms to wear the next time we have an event in the Tower,” Tony says. “I’m not used to big brother JARVIS via text messages; overheard announcements or whispers straight into your ears is where it’s at. Jot that down, JARVIS.”
“Guilty as charged,” Steve admitted with a small smile, tilting his head in acquiescence at Natasha’s clever trap, before untangling his fingers from Tony’s to take a sip from his glass. The wine of Tony’s choice slid against his tongue like liquid nectar and down his throat. Steve had probably jumped out of the quinjet without a parachute one time too many, though in his defense, he knew his serum-enhanced body could handle it.
Loki looks at him for a long heartbeat. Finally, she says, “If I’d known it was this easy to win the Avengers over, I would have orchestrated a rescue much earlier.” She straightens from where she leans against the wall and drains the last of her champagne. “Go back to Tony’s side, Captain. More than anyone else, he’ll want you there.”
“Good to know, cause we have a play-date coming up and we didn’t know if we needed to reserve extra seats,” Tony says, winking. Finally, he says, “Thank you, JARVIS. You can go back to your big brother duties now.”
“He would’ve,” Natasha agreed, same sharp smile on her face, and it was all-too obvious that this was a battle Clint had lost even before he began to wage it, “if he could. But I’m not talking about that now, am I?”
“I’m fine, good as new, nothing the suit can’t handle!” Tony says. “But yes, I’ll let him know, though I can never live it down now. I’m heading to the site of the explosion and Loki is redirecting the falling debris, though he’s grumbling this is not his job. I’ll catch up with you later, alright, honeybun?”
“They’re adorable, aren’t they?” Tony mock-whispered to Natasha. Natasha glanced over at Thor and Bruce, who both jerked up upon Clint calling them, and then heads that were already close in proximity collided.
“Is she allowed to do that?” Tony whispered loudly to Steve. “Just change the game like that?” Natasha turned to him before Steve could reply.
Steve nodded, both because he couldn’t deny Tony and because he was right; Thor and Bruce were cute together. Tony beamed at him, and over his shoulders, only Steve noticed a slow smile curled acrossed Natasha’s face as she watched Thor and Bruce. Noticing his gaze, Natasha placed a vertical finger before her lips, her smile unwavering as she tilted her head in Tony’s direction, and Steve hid a laugh.
“Thank you, but I had enough for today,” Steve says, which is the truth. He doesn’t think Loki would try to put something in his drink, of all things, but he isn’t a fan of drinking too much, even if he’s not affected by it.
Bruce accepted Thor’s extended hand, his eyes widening just a little as Thor effortlessly pulled him up to a sitting position, before he looked away with a smile. “Thank you, Thor,” he said, looking back at him with wryly quirked lips. “Though, if anything, I think I bumped into you.”
“JARVIS?” Steve says, knowing JARVIS would hear him even over the party’s music and chatter, and the woman smiles, wide and insincere. Steve’s phone buzzes with a text message and even without checking it, Steve suddenly knows what it says. A wisp of her hair curls just above her eyebrow. “Loki.”
, with barely hidden laughter in the morning. He pulled the blanket over Tony and tucked him in. “Go to sleep now,” Steve said, kissing him on the forehead. “We can talk tomorrow morning.”
“So,” Tony said with a grin when they parted. Steve reached out and cupped Tony’s face, which was surprisingly warm and red, despite Tony having only taken sips throughout the night, not to mention his normally high tolerance for alcohol. “Shh,” Tony said. “So it’s finally going through my system.”
And so the night went on, until only Tony, Steve, and Natasha remained. Thor and Bruce had both retired for the night, Bruce when he thought he could not eat another disgusting jelly bean without Hulking out, and Thor because it seemed like even gods’ alcoholic tolerance had a limit. Tony was more than a little tipsy at that point, Steve was beginning to feel sleepy, and even Natasha looked a little pink. Clint had thrown up once throughout the night and at that moment, Steve had never seen anything as horrifying as a mob of Roombas descending on Clint’s vomit. Natasha kindly thank them afterward and they somehow managed to fetch and deliver a glass of water to Natasha for Clint on her behest.
“That’s dirty, Steve,” Tony said, slipping an arm free of Steve’s hold to reach back. Tony's hand enveloped the base of Steve’s neck and Steve went, leaning down to meet him halfway as Tony leveraged himself up, despite knowing it was probably nothing good, not with that mischievous look in Tony’s eyes.
“Alright, alright, thirty seconds to the start of the race,” the announcer says. “Three laps around the track, the first one back wins. We have a nice camera here to judge if it ends up being a close call. Now on your mark.”
It sounds significantly less sarcastic than Loki probably intends, and she realizes it too. She glances back at the ballroom and Tony is nearly where they are.
“A prize for the Captain,” she says dryly and walks away, her hair swaying against her back. She has two glasses of champagne in hand by the time they make it to a corner of the ballroom. Steve gets a sense of deja vu as she leans against the wall and extends one of the two glasses towards him.
Steve still remembers his aimlessness after the battle in Manhattan and the intense relief and gratitude he felt when Tony extended an offer for him to live in the Tower. More than just a place to live, Tony has given him a place to call his own, companionship in the form of the gathered Avengers, and later on, to Steve’s incredible fortune, Tony himself for Steve to share his life with.
Even before the announcer has finished speaking, loud cheers erupts amidst the crowd. Below on the track, Tony grins and waves, taking a bow and pressing kisses to his fingers before sending them out, accepting his fans’ adoration as his due and sending back his own in kind. It creates a vicious cycle that spurs both sides on, encouraging them to escalate. It is Tony at his most purposeful obnoxious self and they both know it too.
“Oooh, I got it!” Tony said excitedly, and Steve turned to him with an indulgent smile. “I got it!  Never have I ever said goodbye to my father before he died!”
It was the cool glow of Tony’s arc reactor that Steve was paying attention to, however. Tony was sprawled against him with his back pressed to his chest, and from Steve’s vantage point over Tony’s shoulder, the arc reactor glowed so bright it shone upwards like a beacon, illuminating Tony’s face in sharp clinical blue. It should have made him ghastly, ghostly, but with Tony’s easy smile and loose-limbed ease as he took small sips from his glass of champagne throughout the night, all he felt was real and solid in Steve’s arms.
“Hmm, nope,” Tony said. “Good guess. Don’t yell at me, but I mighta just been sipping on some of Thor’s mead.”
He walks around, taking the opportunity to talk to other people beyond when he initially invited them to the party, and just when he thinks about rejoining Tony, a woman in a sleek emerald and black dress stops in front of him.
Tony pulled away from Steve to face him fully and look him in the eye. The space that Tony vacated sapped all warmth from him, and Steve held back the instinctive need to pull him back.
“Why Tony?” Steve says, and Loki gives him such a disappointed and withering look that Steves couldn’t help but laugh. “I know there’s nothing between you two,” he says before Loki could give him a verbal tongue lashing. “I’m talking about your friendship. I asked Tony about it, but he kept joking about it and wouldn’t give me a straight answer.”
“Oooh,” Tony said to him in a loud conspiring whisper, like a child watching two adults throw obscure barbs at each other with avid interest. Steve placed his hand over Tony’s mouth to hush him, and Tony let out a smothered laugh and pressed a kiss to Steve’s palm before settling down again.
“Sir is at the starting line with Mr. Loki,” JARVIS says. “It seems like they intend to race each other. If you head a hundred paces to your right, you’ll be able to see them better.”
Steve hums in agreement and then, recalling Loki’s suggestion to let Tony try his drink, takes a sip of his untouched glass of champagne curiously. He smiles when its content touches his tongue, and then, noticing Tony’s fixed gaze on it, passes it to him. Tony takes the glass with a fond thankful smile and Steve watches curiously as Tony takes a sip.
“No, Tony,” Steve said, softly but firmly. “Let’s play one normal round of Never Have I Ever, and then we’ll go to sleep, alright?”
Perhaps Steve is giving Tony too little credit. He does seem to be doing well with Project Befriending Loki and Wringing Out The Secrets To His Magic, as he has told Steve after the time he saw Loki in the kitchen. Tony has been most upset that he couldn’t shorten the project name to a nice acronym.
“No,” Tony repeated, but he wasn’t as good at controlling his body language while drunk. The sudden tension in his shoulders and arms was a dead giveaway. “Not everything is about him. Why should it be? Who is he, really, that stupid old man who went and -” He choked. “-
“See, I’m fine,” he said to Bruce with a smile twenty seconds later, half-gallon of Asgardian mead gulped down and another half-gallon spilled down his shirt and onto the floor in his haste to reach it. Thor grimaced and shook his head, rubbing his jaw in an attempt to shake off the lingering skunk taste as four Roombas swarmed up and sucked up the spilled Asgardian mead on the floor, each singing a happy celebratory song just a little off beat from each other. “Midgardians play potent games to pass time.”
“To the private jet!” Thor exclaimed, despite having no idea what that meant. He knocked glasses with Clint.
“Don’t -” Tony directs to JARVIS, just as Steve’s and Tony’s phones vibrated. “Traitor,” Tony mutters, as Steve fishes out his phone and raises an eyebrow at the number JARVIS texted him. “
. I did not expect you to invite Loki or for Loki to willingly come talk to you, and she wouldn’t tell me anything even though it’s my birthday!”
Tony pulled away from Steve and looked up. His eyes were red, his face was a mess, but his expression was serene, kind. He didn’t say anything as he disappeared in pixels.
Steve feels a grin tug at his face, even as his anticipation rises like everyone else. Loki really is similar to Tony, he just hides his need to impress a little better. “Good luck, JARVIS.”
“I’m not forgetting this!” Tony warns, even as his hand, calloused and warm, settles into Steve’s. When Steve stands up, Tony slides forward and slots his body against his.
. Nope.” As soon as Natasha turned away, Tony whispered to Steve, “Thank you for stopping me before.”
Steve pressed his lips together, not trusting himself to speak. As much as Tony seemed frivolous with his own safety, he always calculated and weighed the risks before he jumped. Steve knew that, he knew, but he had also worked with Tony on the battlefield and sometimes - too often, Steve would like to argue - Tony would see an acceptable risk to his own person where others absolutely would not.
” Tony’s body slumped against him, as though he couldn’t hold himself up anymore. “I never told him goodbye. I never told him goodbye. I hated him, but he was my
Steve snapped his mouth shut, unable to say the rest, unwilling to imagine a world where Tony could have died and Steve wasn’t there to help. A world where Steve wasn’t there to save him and Tony wasn’t by his side.
“Hey!” Steve can almost imagine Tony protesting, peals of laughter following him as he zooms after Loki.
“Thank you, Thor,” Natasha answered, ignoring small commotion Tony and Steve were making. “But maybe later.” She glanced at him through her eyelashes, head tipped down almost demurely, Steve would say, if it didn’t seem more like a lure of a trap. “The goal here is to get other people plastered, as you’ve realized, Thor,” Natasha said softly. “Getting me plastered right now certainly won’t save Bruce from his fate.”
Roombas can’t nod, Steve knew, but if they could, he was sure that was what they were eagerly doing before leaving the room again.
“Shhhh,” Tony says, hushing him. “Now tell me what’s yours and Steve’s verdict on Project Befriend Loki. Pretty alright, I’m assuming, given I just saw her walk freely in and out of here.”
“Yes,” he breaths out. He looks at them. “Don’t let go of each other again,” he says, and then runs towards the opposite direction of the race track.
“I’m just glad he liked it,” Steve says. He recalls the way Tony’s mouth dropped in surprise when Steve revealed the ballroom, the decoration, and all the people that gathered just for him, and how his eyes gleamed bright, surprised and touched.
Steve shakes against Tony with laughter. He struggles to get enough breath to talk, but it isn’t enough a solid minute later that he manages to say, “Loki gave me that.”
“Jets,” Tony corrected, as they both tossed their drinks back. Clint promptly crumbled to the ground and Thor let out a blissful sigh as he said, “Another!”
“Sir would say it depends on his mood and the position of the stars,” JARVIS intoned from above and Steve laughed.
That was the last time we were all together, and I was so mad at him that I ignored them as they left. I never told them that I love them, never said goodbye, and
“Petition denied!” Tony announces with a gleeful flourish, raising an arm as though in rally. It almost whacks Steve in the face. “Nicknames for Sir Knight-on-the-Bike is a monarchy!” he asserts, leaning close until all Steve can see is Tony’s face and his beautiful eyes.
Thor took the tankard of Asgardian mead that he had brought back to Earth and poured himself a generous glass, grinning as he chugged it down. Clint groaned in the background upon Thor’s nonresistance against what he saw as Natasha’s cheap shot. “Natasha is a fine warrior indeed, to have taken so many of us down in one swoop. A toast in your honor, may I?”
“JARVIS? Please call the Roombas off,” he said, as seriously as he could manage. There was something hilarious about Thor trying to thank and calm the overeager Roombas from trying to eat his shirt.
Natasha swirled the champagne in her glass, not a single falter or tell in her movement. Finally, her gaze flicked to Clint. “But did you see me make the jump?” she asked, and as Clint gaped at her, she turned away and lifted her glass to her lips, head and neck arching gracefully as she took a sip, and it was almost enough to hide the smile playing at her lips, but not quite.
Like a compass homing north, Steve’s gaze soon lands on Tony among the crowd. Tony is talking animatedly with Harley, a kid Tony had encountered in Tennessee two years prior who assisted him during the Extremis incident. Harley’s family stands near him, half in awe to be in Tony’s presence which is equivalent to that of a celebrity and half smiling as Harley and Tony chatter with infectious glee and loop them in to join.
“It’s not up to me to question my creator,” JARVIS demures into his comm, and Steve laughs in spite of his worry, recalling the many times JARVIS let Tony know exactly what he thinks of Tony’s insane and often self-destructive plans during the middle of a fight. “I do not have enough data, I have only seen them interact a limited number of times. Based on Mr. Loki’s background check and his unpredictability, I have categorized him as a Level 7 out of 10 threat to Sir, even taking in account his apparent lack of interest to harm Sir from recent interactions.”
Clint’s lips reluctantly kicked up to a smile. His shoulders, previously bunched with tension, lowered as he reached down to pick up his abandoned glass, and they did not come back up as he lifted his glass and took his penalizing sip for the round.
Thor understood though, eyes fixed on Bruce’s face as he talked, nodding and inputting his own thoughts occasionally in the same dialect, but mostly just listening with a soft smile like he would be content just looking at and listening to Bruce all night long. Bruce spoke with a small smile accompanied by little animated gestures that he’d stop as soon as he noticed them but which Thor encouraged, and with every input and encouragement and continued interest that Thor showed, Bruce’s smile widened just a little and then so did Thor’s.
He nearly spilled the contents of his glass as he slammed it against the carpeted ground and flipped himself to a sitting position in one move, leaning towards Natasha with great intensity. “There’s no way you made it to the ground-floor shootout unless you made a jump like that!”
“Captain Rogers, care to have a drink with me?” she says, and Steve stares. He and JARVIS have screened forty people for the party and he has personally invited each and every one of them, save for one. He doesn’t recognize her.
“Thor’s mead - !” Steve remembered the last time he drank some of the Asgardian mead and how just a few cups could make even him drunk. He should have realized that wouldn’t be the end of it when he stopped Tony from trying it last time. “Tony!”
Her words spread and transmit a few feet radius around her and then in no time, like a rapid game of telephone, Tony’s name echoes across the entire stadium like a tidal wave. It feels like the entire stadium rises at once as the crowd rushes forward to peer down at the race track, everyone elbowing each other out of the way in an attempt to catch a glimpse of Tony to confirm his presence for themselves.
“Shit, I thought she left already,” Tony laughs, throwing his arms around Steve. “Hello honeybun, how are you doing? Please tell me all the juicy tea
Tony tucks away his phone and leans against Steve. “They grow up so fast nowadays,” he says with the shake of his head and a slight smile.
Loki used that trick against Steve once and had his thrown shield come out from behind Steve. Loki raises his hand now, a cupcake nestled in his palm, and eats a piece from it.
“Should you be watching another woman so intently while your beloved is a mere half ballroom away?” Loki says without glancing back at him, though her tone is noncommittal.
Loki looks young, all of a sudden, dressed in modern clothes that Steve is sure Tony is going to swear up and down is in fashion nowadays. His long hair is tied in a ponytail, a wisp curling just above his eyebrow, and his eyes are soft. The vitriol and hurt that Steve recall reflecting so vividly from them are no longer there.
Steve recalls Yinsen, the man who changed Tony’s life, saved it at the cost of his own, and reshaped Tony into the man he is today.
“Tell me why you jumped?” Steve requested, and Tony smiled his showman smile, beautiful and glamorous, and no less sincere for that.
When Tony pulled back, there was a satisfied smug sparkle in his eyes that said he knew exactly his effect on Steve. There was also a sweet smile lingering at the corner of his mouth and at that, Steve could only wryly smile back.
“Thank you for saving my son!” A man appears, pulling the kid into his arm. “Are you okay?” he asks the kid, checking over him desperately. “I’m so sorry I let go for a second.”
The relief on Loki’s behalf and the pride on Tony’s that hit him surprises Steve, but only for a brief moment. Steve still doesn’t know what Loki’s purpose in approaching Tony is, if there is indeed one, and he definitely won’t let Loki get away with it if Loki intends to harm Tony or New York City, but nevertheless, he’s glad to see that Loki seems to be doing better.
Loki walks away and towards Tony, and Steve watches her go. They meet in the middle and exchange a few words, and it takes Loki giving Tony a warning look before Tony finally throws his hands in the air and continues to Steve.
“But I’m a genius billionaire philanthropist, Stevee,” Tony said, throwing his arms up to Steve’s shoulders and almost hitting himself in the face. “There’s nothing I’ve never done.”
“Okay, okay,” Steve hears Tony say, as dozens of rows of cupcakes and three baffling trays of muffins covering every available surface come into his view. Tony is standing at the center, holding a cupcake with a bite taken out of it. “So more butter definitely helped keep the moisture, but now it also tastes a little more tough, which I said was going to happen, so
Steve parks his motorbike at the first empty spot he sees and then heads into the racing stadium that he tailed Tony to, pushing his sunglasses higher on the bridge of his nose and tugging his cap lower over his face in hopes that no one would recognize him.
“I’m fine, Steve,” Tony said softly but firmly, willing him to believe. “Don’t do this. All of us have said that we’ve jumped before, Steve, that’s just part of the job. We’re still here with each other, drinking and relaxing, and that’s all that matters, right?”
“She’s smiling!!” Tony hissed to Steve in mock-surprise and delight, shaking Steve’s arm excitedly, and Steve’s laugh spilled over as he tried to admonished, “Tony!”
Tony looks up at him and grins. “Yes, I love it, thank you,” Tony says, cradling Steve’s face with both hands. He swoops up and pecks Steve on the lips. “Does this mean you and JARVIS approve of Project Befriending Loki and Wringing Out The Secrets To His Magic now?” He makes a face at the mouthful of the project name. “Remind me to really change that name,” he mutters, before continuing with a twinkle in his eyes, “Or was inviting Loki here another supervised play-date?”
“But Captain Steve Rogers stalked me for my safety!” Tony says with a laugh, even as Steve groans and buries his face against Tony’s neck. “How many other people can say the same, hmm?”
Steve moves and sits down in an empty seat near the spot JARVIS directed him. Two seats away, a woman looks down at the track and then does a double take. “Wait, is that
The Iron Man suit materializes around Tony like a second skin. Next to him, green light sparks to life around Loki in crackles of lightning, and at the sight, the crowd
“Nope,” Tony said with a grin, without a pause and popping his ‘p’, and Steve wanted to take Tony by the chin and kiss him right then and there as Clint sighed, drooping into himself.
When Loki continues to hold out the drink, Steve finally takes it, though he doesn’t drink, instead opting to watch Loki sips her champagne while gazing out at the ballroom. She seems thoughtful.
“You just want to build your own stand mixer and connect it to your AI, Stark,” Loki says, just as his gaze drops. Steve pulls his foot back, half in plain sight from his abortive move towards Tony prior, and Loki smiles. It’s disconcerting to see a smile grow increasingly insincere even as it widens. “Your knight on a bike is back,” Loki says, canting his head towards Steve.
“To answer your initial question,” Steve says, straightening and moving the conversation along, and right on cue, both Steve’s and Tony’s phone vibrated with a text message.
That seems to give Loki a pause, though not for long. “Is that so?” she says, tilting her head to the side. “And you approve, Captain?”
“Well, Captain Rogers,” Tony drawled, tilting his head back towards Steve with a teasing lilt, “as much as I am an opportunistic businessman of this Capitalistic society, even I have some morals when it comes to this venerable game of Never Have I Ever. And seeing as the previous statement applies to me,” Tony continued, snaking his hand out from Steve’s hold and towards his glass again, “I will drink to it now.”
Steve sighs, not surprised by yet another reference to him following them to the race. “You’ll be sick of mentioning it one day,” Steve says, more of a wistful thinking to himself than any actual hope. “Right about now sounds great.”
“Amazing,” Loki says dryly, “there’s no difference at all.” He raises his hand with the cupcake, and Tony warns, “Don’t you dare -”
Steve raises an eyebrow. “He’s racing with the suit?” he says, and JARVIS replies with dry amusement, “For science, Sir insists.”
Tony looks so happy, so confident the way he gets when he’s in the middle of an experiment, that Steve just wants to walk over and sweep him off his feet.
Steve caught Tony’s hand just as it was untangling from his own to reach for his glass. “What are you doing?” Steve murmured against Tony’s hair, catching a strong whiff of grease from Tony working on his motorbike a few hours prior. “It’s not even the next round yet.”
“Noooooo,” Tony cried, slumping against Steve. Steve placed a steadying hand against his back. “Waiiiit. There’s something. I think there’s something.”
Tony notices. “Bet he’s gone already,” he says, waving a hand in the air. He pats Steve’s arm and Steve lets him go, planting him back on the ground. “Our friend Loki isn’t much of a people person,” he says, turning around to face the kitchen and confirming his suspicion. “Or hmm, I don’t know if he would call us friends. Fellow scientists-slash-baker?” He looks at Steve for help.
Steve fell to his knees in the white replica of the room and took off the glasses. Binarily Augmented Retro-Framing, which Tony had started working on the morning after that night, and which enabled him to hijack the hippocampus to clear traumatic memory.
Steve glanced at his empty glass. “Champagne,” he said, flicking Tony on his nose. “Someone has to look after you.”
“Oh,” Loki says, and falls silent. Tony finally manages to excuse himself from his former professor. “You grew up a pauper, Captain.”
“I’m sorry,” Steve says. “I didn’t plan to interfere, I just wanted to make sure you’re alright.” The image of the piece of building crashing into Tony is still vividly fresh in his mind.
Tony yelps and Steve makes an aborted movement to go to him, but then Tony says, “Haha, very funny.”
Tony glanced back at Steve with a wide grin spilling into laughter, so beautiful and bright, and Steve couldn’t resist darting forward and pecking Tony on the lips. Natasha raised an eyebrow and Clint rolled his eyes as he turned away. “Thor, Bruce, a little help here?” Clint asked.
Thor, Natasha, and even Bruce gave him a deadpan look. “Okay, okay, I see how it is. I’ll show myself out now,” Clint said. “I see I’m not welcome here.”
“Guys, congrats on your newfound relationship, but let’s focus here,” Clint interjected. Bruce’s face flushed pink while Thor looked on him fondly. “Ever jumped off a building higher than twenty-five feet without any gear or equipment, ‘tasha asked. Well, you’ll have to drink now. Cheat shot, right?!”
Steve glances over the ballroom of the Tower, tastefully redecorated with Pepper’s help to transform it from a room left to gather in dust into a ballroom that is elegant, beautiful and still somehow intimate and comfortable. There are around forty people in here, chosen with the help of JARVIS and his database of anyone Tony offhandedly mentioned wanting to reconnect with or was wondering how they’re doing. Steve then invited and sponsored them to come to New York City to celebrate Tony’s birthday.
,” Tony finally manages with utter betrayal. “Why - I know we label the alcohol and juice for kids very clearly and this isn’t - Steve!”
“Hey, hey doll, just breathe. That’s it. Just breathe.” soothed Steve as he tried his best to keep Tony calm as they sped off towards the hospital.
“Hey there Tony. You took quite the tumble back there.” Spoke Steve as he sat down next to Tony’s bed.
Rhodey was in and out a lot. Same with Pepper, Happy, and everyone else. They all wanted to check in on Tony to make sure he was still alive. They also checked in on Steve and made sure he had the things he needed.
So armed with this new knowledge, Steve began to put in the effort to make Tony feel more comfortable in his own damn home. Steve would go out of his way to talk to Tony when he saw him. He asked about his work and his inventions. And it wasn’t just a plot for anything. Steve was genuinely curious. Technology had advanced so much since he’d gone into the ice and he wanted to learn everything.
A week after Tony was set free from medical, he was dragged out to give a press conference. He didn’t want to go. Nobody really wanted him to go. But, because of some stupid rules that they had to follow, Tony was getting dressed up in a nice suit while Steve helped him as much as he could.
Steve sat there in shock over Tony’s words. Hate him?! Steve didn’t hate Tony. Sure they’d had a rocky start but Steve didn’t hate him. He loved him. He loved him and yet Tony was convinced that he hated him.
“He’s fine Tony. He’s beautiful. He’s just down for a nap. It’s you I’m worried about.” fretted Steve and Tony was left more confused.
Instantly the hall felt lighter. There were tears in people’s eyes and Steve was so glad that he was sitting down or he would have fallen to his knees.
Steve nodded through the tears in his eyes and Rhodey voiced his wishes to see Tony. So, the two got up and followed the doctor around the corner to Tony’s room.
A week later, when Tony was finally released from medical, Tony and Steve sat down on Tony’s bed and had a long talk about what was going on and how they should move forward. They decided to take it slow, but that was mostly for Tony’s benefit because he was going to be laid up for a while yet. Their dates consisted of Steve making various snacks and the two lounging around watching various movies in an attempt to continue to get Steve acclimated to the future. Things were great.
Not being able to talk was not something Tony liked. And sure, he’d been going over that with his therapist, but it was still hard. He’d spent his entire life using his words like a shield. Now they were gone. He used to be able to see. He used to see universes and their infinite possibilities. Now Tony only saw blurry visions of what once was. He had to wear glasses now. He was covered in scars and was pushing the wrong side of 40.
Steve and Tony sat there in silence for a little bit. Neither really minded. The silence was oddly comforting after the eventful day they’d both had. Although, the silence became stifling after a while and the incessant beeping of one of the machines began to grate on Steve’s nerve so he began talking again.
Three weeks and multiple appointments later, Steve came home with a massive sleeve covering the entirety of his left arm. The sleeve was populated with a bouquet of flowers. A large sunflower occupied the back of his hand and over his shoulder. Red roses and yellow daisies popped like sunbursts across his skin while sweet-peas and forget-me-nots filled in the spaces in between like a soothing balm. It was an amazing work of art. Steve had worked with his artist to design it and everyone absolutely loved it. Especially Tony.
Steve was the one to carry Tony back to their room. Sure, he could have used the chair but Steve wanted to carry his love. Plus he loved how Tony blushed in his arms. When they got to their room, Steve helped Tony undress and get into some nice, soft pyjamas before he began undressing himself for bed.
“You’ll be alright doll. The doctors and nurses will make sure you stay asleep. You’re safe Sweet Heart.” Soothed Steve as he held Tony's hand and kissed his forehead. Suddenly, Tony pulled his hand away from Steve’s and began signing.
“No! Don’t you dare! I just got you!” screamed Steve as the connection died and Tony flew through the portal.
When Steve slid inside Tony, Tony practically screamed out Steve’s name. Steve just smiled and started thrusting in hard. He always loved how loud and talkative Tony was in bed. Half the time it just made Steve want to kiss all the noises right out of him.
Tony had always considered his voice and ability to use it to manipulate situations one of his greatest powers. Right next to his intelligence. Now he didn’t have that. No more talking. No more loud laughter. No more saying simple things such as “I love you”. That really hurt.
Tony had given up long ago on ever meeting his soulmate. Most people found theirs as kids or young adults. Tony was 42 and still all alone. When Tony was a child he would watch everyone go past with the rainbows colouring their skin wishing that it would someday happen to him. That his soulmate would touch him for the first time, skin to skin, and where they touched would light up in colour. But Tony was a Stark. He knew a happy ending wasn’t in the cards for him. Not when he didn’t even get a happy start.
Tony was awake when Steve entered. He looked more lucid than he had the day before but that had its downsides. Tony looked like he was in more pain now that he wasn’t on all the crazy pain meds but he was hiding it well. The two caught each other’s gaze and Steve took that as his cue to walk into the room.
“Sweetheart? Are you alright?” worried Steve as he sat next to Tony. Tony had his eyes screwed shut as he tried to breathe through the contraction.
“I’m gonna take such good care of you Sweetheart.” Cooed Steve as he looked down at the love of his life.
There was always talk about the baby. Baby this and baby that. Steve hardly ever shut up about the baby. He also had a hand on Tony’s ever-growing bump whenever he could. So, with the way Tony’s non-existent self-esteem worked, it was no wonder that Tony came to the wrong conclusion about what was going on.
Steve didn’t stop screaming and pleading as Natasha closed the portal. His heart nearly stopped as he saw Tony fall through it. He nearly cried as Hulk caught him but did cry when he pulled Tony’s faceplate off and noticed that the arc reactor was dead and he wasn’t breathing.
Chapter 2 incoming! Who’s excited? Well, I’m about to rip your hearts out. Happy reading -Shadows (This chapter goes out to my news writing teacher, Jim. Thank you for helping me be a better writer. RIP)
Because Tony was only just beginning to wake up and was drugged to the gills, he was only allowed one visitor at the moment. Steve was pretty happy when the team decided that he should go check in on Tony. He was worried sick and he had a feeling seeing that Tony was alive would help. So, Steve allowed himself to be lead back to Tony’s room where he saw the genus laying in the bed.
That was when Tony finally found the courage to look up at Steve. Steve, who was sitting there with tears in his eyes with a big, dopey smile on his face. Steve, who practically launched himself at Tony and began hugging him close with a protective hand over Tony’s lower abdomen. Tony allowed himself to melt into the hug a bit. Yes, he was still terrified about everything going on, but he still liked hugs. He hardly ever got hugs.
Time for chapter 3! Who’s ready for more angst? Well, if you’re still here after the last chapter then I think we all know that you’re here to stay. So, enjoy the chapter. -Shadows
“I’m not leaving you, Tony. I love you so much. You mean everything to me. I’m not letting you go. You’re amazing Tony. You’re so good. You’re going to be an amazing parent. He’s yours, Tony. I gave him your last name you know.” Spoke Steve as he held Tony in his arms. Tony looked up at Steve incredulously and Steve leant down to kiss his forehead.
“And I love you Shellhead. Please. Please save your strength. You’re gonna be fine. I… I…” Steve’s voice shook as he talked. He could see Tony’s eyes beginning to droop and he began to panic further.
Tony used his free hand to sign that to Steve. The entire team knew sign language because Clint had hearing problems and wore hearing aids. They all learned ASL to help him out. Looked like learning that had come in handy since that was currently his only method of communication until he got a pen or a StarkPad. Although Tony really didn’t mind signing. He just didn’t like how his signs got a bit jumbles if he was tired or shaky.
It took a bit for the doctors to get Tony checked over and on some pain medication. The whole time Steve sat off to the side, just watching and making sure Tony was alright. He didn’t need his soulmate dying on him again. But soon enough, the doctors left leaving just Tony and Steve in the secluded medical room.
“Dearly beloved,” began Sam with a smile to his friends, “We are gathered here today to witness the marriage between our dear friends Tony Stark and Steve Rogers. Today, we watch as our friends, who have been through hardship after hardship, finally get a break to just be together. Now, Tony and Steve have decided to write their own vows so this makes my job easier,” the room snickered. “So, Steve, take it away.”
“Shh. Shh sugar. You’re alright. I’ve got you.” spoke Steve as he tried to soothe the frantic Omega.
“Try it on.” Smiled Steve and Sam looked on apprehensively. He wasn’t Captain America and yet Steve was trying to give him the shield! He looked at Steve and hesitated. He didn’t know if this was the right thing to do. Sam looked back at where Bucky stood for any kind of confirmation. Bucky nodded so Sam took that as the go-ahead to put on the shield.
And so Tony talked. It was stilted and some of the words slurred together, but he was awake and talking and that would have to do. Steve continued to hold Tony’s hand and encourage him. This was not how Steve envisioned holding Tony’s hand for the first time. He couldn’t even enjoy this.
“I… I don’t think I’m going to come back after returning the stones, Buck.” Spoke Steve the afternoon before he was to depart on his journey. They were sitting by the crater that was the compound just watching the construction crews work on sifting through the massive amounts of rubble.
Not long after Natasha sent the post, the other Avengers arrived and took their seats. Rhodey took up residence on Steve’s other side as they all anxiously waited for any news on Tony. Any news at all would be better than the deafening silence that permeated the hallway they were all crowded in. At one point Sam went to go bring everyone some much-needed drinks and snacks.
“Just think, in a few more hours we’ll have our little Harley.” smiled Steve as he rested a hand against Tony’s belly while leaning down to give Tony a kiss. Steve had been doing that a lot. Kissing Tony. Tony didn’t know what to think of that. The kisses weren’t out of love. Tony knew that he was unlovable. Maybe that’s just how Steve showed affection. But then again, he never kissed any of the other Avengers.
When Steve had been found in the ice he was lost and confused. He was removed from his time. He’d missed everything. He was scared and angry and he didn’t know what to do. He picked fights with everyone. He isolated himself. He refused to learn about most things about the time he was now stuck in.
Little Lila Barton was their flower girl. She looked so adorable in her red and blue dress as she walked down the aisle throwing gold and white flower petals. She was so excited to be the flower girl. The entire week leading up to the wedding she’d been practicing by throwing things all over the compound.
Tony was jittery that morning. How could he not? This wasn’t what he’d imagined when Steve proposed. So much had changed since the accident. So much but yet so little. He’d been pacing back and forth for over an hour after he’d gotten dressed in his new suit. He was wearing a black suit with a red vest underneath and a gold pocket square and tie. He looked immaculate.
So, with those horrible, completely untrue facts in his head, Tony resolved to not get attached to the baby. This was Steve’s baby. Not his.
Tony stood there in shock. His hands were shaking and he was at a loss for words. All he could do was nod his head as a few start tears fell from his eyes. Steve smiled brightly as a few tears of his won formed. He slid the ring onto Tony’s finger and stood up to pull his now fiancé into his arms. The two instantly fell into a passionate kiss as Tony wrapped his arms around Steve’s neck and Steve’s hands rested on Tony’s waist.
“It was the only way. The Security Council was going to nuke New York and nobody else could take it through the portal.”
Now, while Tony appreciated the bluntness, he couldn’t help but feel absolutely shocked at the news. So shocked that he passed out and Steve began to panic.
Steve lead Tony out to the tower’s garage and the two hopped on one of Steve’s bikes. Tony loved riding on the bike with Steve. He loved the hum of the motor. He loved just holding on to his boyfriend. He loved how fast they zipped through the streets. Both of them were very well-known adrenalin junkies.
“Yes, you do. You hate me. Howard said you would. You keep yellin’ at me. Keep bringing me things cuz you wan’ something. M’ no good. No good.” Slurred out Tony as the drugs in his system pulled him back to sleep.
Tony just looked back up at Steve and pressed the sign for “I love you” into Steve’s chest, right above his heart. Although Tony wasn’t in the mood for all the mushy stuff, he knew that Steve meant every last word that he had said. That was one thing that Tony was sure of. That Steve loved him. And that he loved Steve.
Steve was silent throughout the whole affair. He knew if he tried to talk he’d end up sobbing. He mostly stayed off to the side after the funeral. He was an absolute emotional wreck and he knew he wouldn’t be getting much better. Natasha’s funeral was set for the next day and he knew he would continue to just handle the loss of his family poorly.
“So, where are we going?” asked Tony as he finished changing out of his suit and into some old jeans, a band t-shirt, and a well-loved leather jacket.
“Stop this Tony. Stop. You’re going to get yourself hurt worse than you already are!” worried Steve as he stood up to keep Tony from leaving his bed.
Now that Tony was on the mend and healing, it was time to jump back into planning his and Steve’s wedding. Planning a wedding wasn’t easy so Tony and Steve relied on their friends for help. There were so many little details to keep track of. The only easy bit had been the guest list and what Tony and Steve were going to wear. Steve had dug his old military uniform out of storage for their big day while Tony had gotten a new suit custom-tailored for the event.
When Tony was five months along he had another ultrasound to determine the gender of the baby. Personally, Tony thought that the over gendering of things, especially children’s things, was stupid and he didn’t care if the baby was a boy or a girl. But Steve was excited so Tony went along with it. Plus they wouldn’t find out the secondary gender until birth so a little excitement over something so mundane was alright.
Both of them stare at each other for a long moment. Steve doesn’t know who broke first, but it doesn’t matter. Eventually, like the inevitable, they crash onto the dance floor, hand in hand with each other’s laughter in their ears.
“JARVIS, what do you think of Loki?” Steve asks the next time Tony hangs out with Loki. Tony invited Steve to tag along before he left, probably because he thought Steve would feel better if he was there to supervise and see for himself that Loki has no ill-will towards him. Steve passed, however, not wanting Tony to feel obligated to let Steve intrude into his friendship for Steve’s peace of mind. Despite that, worry nags at him. “We both know Loki looks bad on paper, but even so, Tony seems to trust him. Do you trust Tony with Loki?”
“Super cute,” Tony insisted at Natasha and looked up at Steve for validation when Natasha refused to indulge him. “Right?”
“Indeed, Captain Rogers,” JARVIS intoned from the speakers mounted discreetly in the ceiling. It was almost like talking to the building itself. “At the time, Sir already had utilized nano bots to enable the suits to home in on whoever it was coded for and be deployed on command. It was well into its testing stage when Sir had made the leap of faith. There was certainly no need to worry when the suits’ success homing rate was at a solid 75 percent.”
“Yes, yes, birthday boy,” Steve says, fond, taking the glass of sparkling apple juice from Tony’s hand before he tosses it. He absentmindedly wonders if Loki was also drinking juice before, since the glasses didn’t look any different, and smiles at the thought. “C’mon, I didn’t get to dance with you yet.” Steve takes a step back until it is the proper distance and then bows low, extending his hand out. “May I have this dance?” he says, just as the music segues to one perfect for slow dancing.
“Anytime,” Pepper says with a smile, clinking their glasses of champagne together. Steve smiles at the third clink he hears, mechanical and clear, which could almost be excused as part of the music currently playing. They drink and talk, and at some point, Pepper glances down at her phone and then up at the ballroom entrance and stares. Steve follows her gaze and spots Natasha walking in, beautiful and elegant in her black dress, looking just the slightest harried from hurrying back from a mission. Pepper and Natasha’s gaze meets across the ballroom, almost as though in a fairytale, and it is unmistakable, the way their expressions simultaneously brighten at the sight of the other.
“But Steveeee!” Tony whined like a child, and Steve pulled him closer, trapping Tony’s arms beneath his own, and pressed his lips against Tony’s ear. “No, Tony,” Steve said, and smiled as he shuddered.
Overhead, the announcer speaks. “Hello, hello, dear racing fanatics and audience. As you all have noticed, for the next race, we have a very special guest. Give it up for Tony Stark, who’ll be racing in his Iron Man suit, against his guest called Loki, who Mr. Stark assured us will
“Tony,” Steve said softly, placing a hand on his shoulder. His shirt where Tony had plastered his face against was slowly getting wet. “Tony? Tony, look at me.”
Tony shoots down the race track, leaving only a streak of red in his wake. One second he is at the starting line and the next he is ten meters ahead and gaining. Meanwhile, Loki vanishes the moment the race starts, disappearing without a trace only to reappear a few meters ahead. It’s like watching a glitch in real life as Loki teleports down the race track in a burst of green, ramping the tension when he supposedly falls behind only to reappear near Tony a blink later. It keeps the audience on the edge of their seat, and Steve doesn’t even notice they finish the first lap until the announcer broadcasts it.
Tony melted into the kiss and moved around a bit to get comfortable. It felt so good to be back home. He’d missed moments like this. Moments where the pain seemed to melt away and all that remained was Steve and the love he gave him. Moments where everything was alright and nothing more could hurt him.
Steve just knew that all they laying around was going to piss Tony off. That man was always on the move.
“No! Tony! Stay awake!” worried Steve as he fought to keep Tony’s attention. “Tell me something. Anything. What are you working on right now?”
“No. none of that. You are not old. If you’re old then what does that make me?” that got a small smile out of Tony. “And your scars? They’re proof that you’re alive and here in my arms. And I don’t care if you can’t speak anymore, you can still communicate. And all your trauma? It doesn’t faze me. Tony, you will never be able to scare me off. I love you so damn much. I wake up every day and know that life is worth living because you’re here with me. I look at you and all I see is my entire universe. I love you, Tony. I will always love you.”
IT’S WEDDING DAY! Who's excited? Get ready for fluff and smut and all that good stuff. There’s only one more chapter after this one so hang in there. I hope you enjoy this one and don’t forget to drop a comment if you want. Enjoy! -Shadows
Another short one here guys. School is ramping up and that’s my priority. But it’s still a good one so at least there’s that. I hope you enjoy this one. Don’t forget to drop a comment if you want to. -Shadows
But that didn’t stop Tony from holding onto the smallest shred of hope that maybe there was somebody out there for him.
But on the other hand, Tony was terrified. He was terrified because he and Steve weren’t even together. He was terrified because he didn’t even know if Steve wanted a baby. This, this was life-changing. This was a big deal and Tony didn’t know what to do. Well, Tony knew that he had to tell Steve. It would be pretty impossible to keep a baby secret. So, by some miracle, Tony bucked up the courage to go knock on Steve’s bedroom door.
“Does anyone know Stark’s last location?” asked Steve, his voice rising with worry. He didn’t like the situation Tony had been in. He’d left his suit off to the side because the bombs were too small and unstable for him to disable while wearing the suit.
Once they got to the hospital Steve was screaming for help. Soon enough Tony was surrounded by doctors while Steve hovered at his side. Now normally Tony would be pretty pissed off about being smothered by medical professionals, but he was in pain and generally not feeling great about the prospect of giving birth but not being able to keep the baby for his own. After this was all over, Tony was going to leave the team. He didn’t know if he’d be able to handle being around any of them after this. Not when he couldn’t keep his own baby.
The few grunts and groans that Tony could make he did make as Steve took him apart with just his fingers. And one Tony was a puddle beneath him, Steve had Tony coming on his cock while he whispered all the dirty thing that he was going to do to Tony on their wedding night. He didn’t even have to touch Tony to have him coming undone.
So Steve started doing his own research on the man. He’d come to the conclusion that Natasha’s profile had come from a bias situation and wasn’t fair to the man. And when Steve found out that the profile had been made while Tony was actively dying from heavy metal poisoning, well that just spurred him further into finding the truth.
That news hit Steve like a bag of bricks. Tony would never be able to talk again? But Tony’s voice was his greatest weapon. It protected him against the mobs of reporters. It made Steve laugh. Tears welled up in Steve’s eyes. He’d never hear Tony laugh again. He’d never hear him make a snarky joke in battle. Never hear him cry out in pleasure. No more soft words after nightmares. And Steve couldn’t even begin to imagine how Tony would feel when he learned that he’d lost his voice.
“Oh, nothing. Just happy to be bringing you home.” Smiled Steve as a faint blush spread across his cheeks.
“I’m pregnant. I’m pregnant with your baby and I’m keeping it.” rushed out Tony and then the room was silent once more.
“Tony, people are going to find out about your eye sooner or later. It’s better to just get it over with instead of having rumours spread.” Spoke Steve. Tony liked how Steve often just ripped off the band-aid when it came to sharing information.
The next day news of Tony’s injuries had spread all over the news. SI’s stocks took a bit of a hit at the news but that had been expected. But what Tony hadn’t been expecting was the massive outpouring of support. People were sympathetic to Tony’s new situation and a surprising amount of donations had been made to the Maria Stark Foundation in the wake of Tony’s speech. Sure, there were people calling Tony all sorts of horrible things, but the majority of people were good. They called Tony a hero and praised his work. That never happened!
Once Lila had walked down the aisle and left behind a trail of petals, it was time for Rhodey to escort Tony down to his soon-to-be husband. The second the doors opened and they saw each other, there were tears in their eyes. Steve was standing at the alter next to Bucky. He was wearing his old military uniform with all of his medals. Bucky was dressed similarly but with different medals. Steve just stood there with tears in his eyes and a big smile on his face as Tony made his way down the aisle. He looked stunning.
The day after Tony’s little realization, he was introduced to a therapist named Josie McClaire. She was an expert in long-term trauma and also happened to be fluent in ASL. That was a huge plus. Hopefully now Tony could start to figure out how to cope with the aftermath of everything. From his first kidnapping to losing his eye and voice, Tony had a lot to unpack.
So, Steve pulled back from Tony, knelt down on one knee, and pulled a sparkling gold ring with a single sapphire out of his pocket and held it up to Tony.
That hope was what kept him going through Afghanistan, through becoming Iron Man, through Stane and his betrayal, through the palladium poisoning. It kept him alive. The hope that maybe, just maybe, there was somebody out there for him. If Tony ever let go of that hope, he knew he wouldn’t make it.
“It’ll be touch and go for a while, but for now he’s stable. Mr. Rogers, Mr. Rhodes, if you’d like to follow me. As Mr. Stark’s medical proxies we have some more information for you.”
“Do you really want the poor kid to be saddled with the Stark name? You really should go with just your last name,” spoke Tony as he worked harder than ever to keep his voice from wavering.
“Face it, Tony. You’re hot. I know you don’t think you are after everything that’s happened to you, but you’re stunning Sweetheart.” Smiled Steve as he leant in to kiss Tony. He could never get enough of kissing him.
Tony had gotten one of those ripped skin tattoos on the underside of his right forearm. Underneath was covered in red and gold metal. It looked exactly like the Iron Man armour because forever and always Tony Stark would always be Iron Man. Steve had designed it for Tony and he absolutely loved it.
After some pictures, it was time for the reception. In classic Tony Stark fashion, the reception was a full-out party. There was plenty of food and treats and the drinks flowed freely for those who chose to drink. Toasts were made with both Rhodey and Bucky making plenty of jokes about Tony and Steve. All in good fun of course.
“Tony? Why won’t you hold him? Why don’t you want to get attached? You said you wanted him so why won’t you hold him?” pressed Steve. He could tell that something was wrong but he was also feeling a bit upset.
Tony was having a bad day. He was no stranger to bad days, but he’d been having a lot of them since the accident. Tony was about to have the bandages taken off of his face and neck for good. And while Tony was excited about the prospect of no longer looking like a mummy, the thought of showing his eyeless face and scared up neck to the world filled Tony with dread.
And they did. They truly did. Their love was strong and unbreakable. They’d done it. Tony and Steve had done it. After years of work, they did it. They’d finally gotten their happy ending.
All Tony could do was nod and allow Rhodey to lead him towards the compound’s ballroom where his and Steve’s wedding would take place. Everyone that mattered to Tony and Steve was in attendance. All the Avengers were there, as well as the Barton kids and Laura Barton. Happy and Pepper were there as well. The entire Rhodes clan was in attendance. They’d basically adopted Tony as one of their own. Mama Rhodes sat right up from with Rhodey’s sister and her kids.
“Tony…” began Steve as he moved to take the seat at Tony’s bedside. “I don’t think you leaving medical is a good idea right now. You got hurt pretty bad. Plus you’ve got all those screws in your thigh and I know you, the second you’re let out of here you’ll hide in your lab for a week.” Worried Steve as he looked Tony over.
