“It’s less than six months.” Natasha answered.
“A friend? You’ve known him for three days? And he lives here? Sees all your stuff? The blueprints? Are you out of your mind?!”
Steve could only stare on Tony’s back when he took the stairs down to the workshop. So much to taking Tony to the game and making sure he was not overstressing himself. His friends and doctor would chew him up.
Oh and can you find the little easter egg I put in? Tip: Interview of the OG6
“He made an AI, out of his brain. I’m not sure how, but anyways, he talked about things with Natasha and me… He showed something…”
“Actually, a guy named the Winter Soldier killed Fury, but it probably was Pierce to make the call.” Natasha corrected.
“You’re not?”
He smiled down on Tony’s face, caressing the back of his hand. “Don’t ever say such a shit again, okay? I decide who I wanna date, and frankly, I met your friends-group and they love you, you can’t be so bad than, right? And I’ve got a good instinct, you are a great man, Tony. That means, if you give me a chance, I’m going to give you the world, not because I wanna buy you in any way or because I wanna prove myself, but because I believe earnest to my heart that you deserve nothing less than the world.”
“I’m not!” He answered. “Let’s prepare lunch and after I’m having a break from the stress, with you.”
Home is wherever I'm with you
They were both shaken up, that much was clear. Steve didn’t know what Tony was planning to do, and Tony didn’t know if all the things they worked on the past week had gone to waste in the last half hour. Plus, they obviously had no idea they could trust each other in their decisions.
Enjoy and goodbye!
“Medics are on their way, Sir.”
“Just imagine.” He whispered to him in the middle of the night, sitting in the big Stark penthouse in the middle of New York City. “Just imagine, if we both die. Everything will fall into his hands, and there would only weapons, weapons over weapons. The world will go down thanks to Stark weapons. One day, even Obadiah might accomplish to finish the Jericho. Third-world war financed and supported by Stark weapons. I can’t do that Steve, not now.”
“Listen, it was not Steve’s fault, not at all. He’s taking really good care of me! I know you’re friends with Pepper and that you don’t like if she’s getting hurt, but it wasn’t just me that ended the relationship. And also, if you slap someone, you should take me, since it was mostly my idea to let him stay here. He was brainwashed and he needs help.”
Liquido - Narcotic
“Okay, you are changing the topic, and I’m willingly to go along with it, for now.” He shot Tony a knowing glance, who only bit down on his lips and tried himself on an innocent look, which failed. “First of all, the people I fight also believe they are the good ones, right? How could God make the call to decide who’s bad and who’s not? Secondly, he gave us this world and decided to give us a free will. He didn’t make the war, that’s totally on us.”
“Oh, great… I’m already in heaven then.” Steve thought the same thing. He was just appreciating the most handsome man he had ever seen. Within milliseconds he had fallen for the deer brown eyes with the gold sprinkles in them before the guy’s eyes rolled back.
“Okay, I’ve no idea what your planning, but fine I will play along.” He put his head into his hand, leaning on the armrest of the couch. “I’m a billionaire, what could I want?” He thought aloud. “We could come back to your spanking idea.” He said laughing.
To this day, he had no idea how he managed to get his friend and another wounded soldier back to their camp, how both of them survived. But they did and even if Steve was hounded by his nightmares. He woke up and knew that Bucky lived.
As you realized, I really didn't want to make this about Bucky's healing process, it would have been too scientific for a basic love story and also it would have been too long for a story that was never meant to be that long. I love Bucky's story but I just didn't like to force it into this Stony story.
“As you should.” Steve told him. “I’m sorry that I asked, that’s private and not my business.”
Steve sighed. “What then?”
Tony didn’t say a word until he sat down on the floor about six feet away from the wall. “It’s a classic. I loved that book as a kid.” He started of slowly.
“It’s Obadiah. He can if he wants. He’s got lots of fans on the board and legally he is the only CEO right now.”
Steve smiled back and dried Tony’s cheeks with his thumps. “The sun is rising.” Tony raised an eyebrow. “You just told me to read between lines, same to you.”
Tony smiled again, a little sad, though. “I like him. He’s a great guy, funny, honest. Straight forward, but still sweet enough to get Nat.”
“Yeah give me a history lesson. You’re the best for this, and not the two people under my roof that were born in the twenties or something.”
Steve leaned down until their faces nearly met. “Stop being a sarcastic narcissist, Stark.” Tony smiled, and one of his hands found his way into Steve blond hair. “I’m real, Tony and I’m all in, I promised and I always keep my promises. You’re stuck with me.” He clarified his intentions again. He probably would have to do that a few times every day since he chose to love the must self-destructive person there was on this planet.
Pepper smiled pitifully and stopped him on track. “Keep calm, James. We cannot help him, when you’re acting like a dumb kid. We won’t get Obadiah out of it, not yet…”
“Steve! Man, what are you doing here?” Sam ran up to him. “Did you just save Tony Stark? Bucky will be happy about it.” Sam laughed but Steve frowned at him.
The week till Tony’s operation passed rather quickly and so did Steve’s first week in Boston.
Steve stared back at the elevator. “Wait. Did Pepper Potts, the Pepper Potts really just run away from me?” He laughed a little.
“He phoned with him, yesterday, before… I mean I didn’t eavesdrop Tony, but I happened to walk behind him, while they talked, and I saw that Tony was in distress… Yeah, well and after that his heart stopped…”
Steve laughed. He did throw his head back, totally losing his shit and while Tony had no idea what was so hilarious, he totally loved the sound and the motions the man was making. Steve wiped away a tear that had come up in the corner of his eye. “Thanks for saving my life.” Tony said after Steve had calmed down.
“Why would they torture him?” Bucky wondered. “He was there for three months, right? They wanted money, and if they get it or not, they should have killed him. And if they wanted secrets or weapons and Tony wouldn’t give them, they would also have killed him.” Bucky made a point.
“How do you know about the date?” He wondered.
Then Steve had to think back to when he made it back to their camp in god damn nowhere with Bucky bleeding out next to him. Yet again, Steve hadn’t been able to talk, he was only sobbing and dropping tears on Bucky’s chest. He had been shaking his shoulder, endlessly trying to wake him up.
Linkin Park - One more light
First of all, he had never been so close to Bucky again. Well physically they had, but maybe right in front of him was standing the chance of getting his friend back. Tony had been right, Bucky hadn’t been forced to come here, it was his free will, even with handcuffs.
“I’m not running in circles.” Steve told him, just coming out of the elevator. Tony grinned up to him. “Hello, Miss Potts.”
“I’m sorry. That’s something I really wanted to tell you. I can’t bring them back, but I am sorry. I know it wasn’t my initial intention to kill them, but if I had had a little more will, more force… I wouldn’t have.”
“Son of a bitch.” Tony only whispered, before getting back on his laptop, now tapping more furiously on it that Steve had ever seen before.
He couldn’t yet read his face because he was still wearing his surgical mask. Steve wanted him to take it down, so he could read his face before he said anything. And when he did so, he was able to see at least a little smile on the doctor’s lips, but also a rather concerned look on his eyes. Steve’s intention failed him miserably.
It worked pretty well. When the two men were alone again, they were still casually chattering. Tony was relaxed, lying on the couch, nearly falling asleep, when he finished explaining to Steve how he preferred the motor of the Porsche over the last Audi, but that in the end the Audi was still better.
“Sir, I must inform you that Captain Rogers is currently looking for you.” JARVIS interrupted them.
“Shut it, James.” Natasha told her boyfriend. “Steve is right, don’t joke about it. Especially you should know better.” Bucky nodded. “Listen, Steve.” The woman said. “I’m friends with one of Tony’s best friend, I see how much it’s bothering you. I’ll ask her what’s going on, first thing tomorrow, but for now try to calm down a little, okay? You saved a life today, time to relax.” Steve nodded and took a sip of his beer. He wouldn’t think of anything else, until he knew Tony would survive that. Trying to bring somebody back to life probably connected forever.
“Hello Tony.” She said, slowly walking up to him. “Can I sit down?” She asked politely.
“Oh, okay… You wanna go directly to this shit, fine… if you can take it.” He answered. Tony was nervous again, within seconds, his legs were bouncing and he bit his lip. He was carrying himself straight back into an attack. “I woke up with Pepper in my door, and you were gone…” He started. “I mean, I know you were somewhere, because I woke when you got up, but…” He sighed and looked into Steve’s eyes. “You told me, it wouldn’t be a secret thing and then… Pepper and me, that’s still very fragile, which you realized of course. I needed you, because she still gets to me, not in a good way and you just chickened out the first time someone could have seen us, together. I thought, you…” Tony didn’t finish his sentence, but Steve knew what he wanted to say.
The man sighed and opened his eyes to stare up at Steve. “I’m just being a pussy.” Steve shook his head, smiling down. Like last night he put his hand into Tony’s hair, which seem to calm him. “I’m a broken man, Cap… You sure want to keep up with that?”
There was his heart condition and Tony’s refuse to do something about it for months, nearly years. Maybe it really only had needed Steve to get his head right, but for the sake of his father it shouldn’t have taken him so long to take the decision for his life.
Pepper rolled his eyes. “Come on, Rhodey, let’s grab a coffee and our Captain here can meet Tony, without us bugging them.” Rhodey grinned with a bright smile, before disappearing with his friend.
“Don’t ask.” The billionaire had told him, and both had known there wasn’t really anything to say. Steve had come back from the war merely a year ago. He had thought he would die in that plane. And he had come back to find alien monsters and the craziness of the modern world.
Sam didn’t get an answer. Steve wanted to turn around, see if Tony wasn’t having a major panic attack but at the same time he couldn’t take his eyes from Bucky. There were two reasons for that.
We’ll be free
Steve frowned. “I understand that, don’t you think everybody will bother him during the match? And before and after? I probably would hide too.”
“I will take it seriously, Tony. I don’t want you to get hurt, and if I ever do, Rhodey can take his range out on me. I would totally deserve it. But don’t worry too much, you’re not alone anymore. I’m by your side, promise.”
Il suffisait de te parler, pour t'apprivoiser.'
“Okay, I try. Steve’s best friend from the war, Bucky Barnes. He fell off a train, and he was presumed dead. He’s alive, HYDRA, the crazy Nazi organization that infiltered SHIELD, saved him and he was turned into a killer machine.” If Pepper was shocked she didn’t show any signs of it. “Steve and I found proof that it was him that killed Howard and Maria.” He ended.
“I’m confused, you had sex with Steve a week ago and he still talks to you? I didn’t even know he was into guys and then you… I mean no offence but your reputation speaks for itself…”
“I think we need help.” Steve said. “HYDRA is still alive, and I just don’t believe Bucky was the only one being turned into a killer machine.”
Tony nodded shortly. “Could say the same, JARVIS briefed me about everything that happened.”
“No psychoanalysis, Wilson.” Tony glared at him for a moment. “Rhodey saved my life quite a few times, and he’s my brother. He’s my family and we have a very healthy relationship. But he also cares for Pepper, a lot and if she’s hurt because of me, he calls me out for it, as he should. They’re the only family I have.”
“They broke up before Tony came to DC. She was here a week ago. Tony didn’t take it well. I think there was no contact since then, but they’ve always been friends, they will be fine.”
“Come again?” Bucky asked, while grabbing his shoulder with force and dragging him so they had to look each other in the eye. “You’re moving in with Tony? That small Stark boy, the little genius, who pretty much died two days ago?”
“Why would anybody tell you?” Bucky answered.
Believe me
“And do you think, you can help?” Steve asked carefully.
“We need to bring him away.” Steve told Sam, but didn’t take his eyes off of Tony. The man that was crying yet again, without a little change in his breath, or sniff out of his nose. Steve really had no idea how often his heart could take to see this broken man.
“Obadiah is the only CEO. I’m still 20 and if my dad is not in the condition to act as CEO, his responsibilities go over to Obadiah. It’s logic, isn’t it?”
Linkin Park - In the end
“Something itches inside of me every time I meet Obadiah or Tony talks about him. And I’ve only known him for a week. Would he have a reason, to…?” Steve whispered.
Yeah, with every broken bone
The man on the other side of the line laughed. “Yeah, it’s me. How are you doing, Dogface? How’s Tony?”
So, the week passed and slowly, they saw light at the end of the tunnel. There was finally visible progress, also thanks to the help of two psychiatrists and a neurologist that were very discreet about the whole thing. And right now, there were five lawyers working on possible defense strategies – if it would be necessary to defend Bucky in a court –. And Tony had a contact at the FBI that worked with his lawyers to make sure they wouldn’t just kill him without a trail.
“Let’s go back to work. Bruce?” Tony asked.
He heard Rhodes take a deep breath. “Man, I wish I could come over. It’s just…” Another deep breath. “I actually called because I could use your help.”
The elevator doors opened and Tony flinched. He totally jumped two feet away from Steve. His back pushed against the fridge, which made him jump yet again and he was back into his nervous state. Steve took his hand and forced him behind his back, before he went into the living room to greet their visitors.
“I believe he loved me, just… He never showed it, Steve. People that knew him tell me how much he loved me and how fondly he talked about me, but why didn’t he tell me that?” Steve had no answer to that, how could he? The Howard he knew was so much different to the Howard Tony knew. He wished the man was still alive, only to see what a great man his son turned out to be, despite his education and all the wrong people he met in his life.
“Everything is going to be fine.” Natasha assured all of them. “I know it. Didn’t his father want to be here?” She changed the subject a little.
Clint’s face went stone cold, that was new for Steve. He glanced at Natasha, who’s eyes showed how much she was boiling with range. That only took her mere seconds, usually she was the one to get emotionless. She really was close to Tony…
“You are against education? Mr. I’m doing my third PhD?” Steve asked sarcastically.
Because if the ‘problem’ Bucky Barnes wouldn’t be solved, he couldn’t get Steve to concentrate on their other major problem. The huge unknown in outer space waiting for the perfect moment to attack them. And wouldn’t that just be this moment? Nobody of them thinking straight?
“Plus, even if your Captain America, I saw and heard how you forget everything when it comes to Barnes. That’s why I decided, that I’m not going to lose you, because you decided to let him kill you, okay? You want to protect me? That’s good fine by me but I will protect you too.”
“They think he might be the cause to your abduction.” Steve spilled out what Pepper had forbidden him to do.
“Perfect? Good-looking? Genius?”
“Since, I need them to get your friend out of around twenty charges of murder. And as you know, they cannot be statute-barred.” Tony looked back to his boyfriend, when he slammed shut his laptop. “And they will, Steve. I didn’t give them a name, but there are still some people waiting for answers. We will be lucky if he gets a lifetime a prison, they will try him in a state with the death penalty if possible.”
“It happened a week ago, okay? I didn’t plan to throw myself into the next thing just after Pepper, but it is how it is, Steve’s a great guy, the best. I want Steve to be happy. Yes, Barnes killed my parents, but he spared Steve. He went to Sam’s apartment out of his free will. He didn’t refuse to come back here. He collaborated, well knowing that it might be the end of his life… For the moment being, I’m ready to give him some credit. And if you can’t, you’re free to go, although it would be much easier with your help.”
“Yeah, yeah, I do! Why?” He wondered and felt how he was defensive yet again, it was one of his rather unpleasant characteristics.
Steve interrupted him and let out a dry laugh. “Because everybody thought you were dead. Body in the ocean together with the ruin of your house.” He himself hadn’t asked Tony for help, but neither did Stark. He would have helped with the Mandarin.
He won’t ever forget how the doctor proclaimed his condolences to him. At least, Bucky had been there, the moment Steve had called him and had only been able to sob on the phone, his best friend had been on the way to him. Bucky had taken so much pain away. He wouldn’t have survived losing his mom without him.
J'avais envie de dire bonjour à n'importe qui
Steve walked up to him and sat down next to Tony on the bed, laying an arm around the smaller man. “I’m still. I can be your guardian without being there physically, but I’m still there, okay? Pepper will be there, Bucky and Nat, Sam if you want him. You’re never alone. I really wanted to be there, but this.” He gave Tony a kiss on his temple. “I can’t tell you why, but maybe I can after, okay?”
“Hey, Captain! We will take over.” He looked up and saw a doctor smiling at him. “You did great.” A paramedic told him, while another took over the heart massage. They prepared the defibrillator. Steve just stood there and didn’t know what to do. He wanted to help. “Come on, Tony! Don’t do that to me.” The doctor whispered. ‘Tony?’ Steve thought.
Nothing except for the tears indicated that Tony was crying. He didn’t sob, his breathing did not change in the slightest, he was not trembling. Steve’s hand went up and he started caressing Tony’s soft hair. The smaller man took a deep breath and relaxed into Steve’s embrace. Good, Steve thought. He wanted to tell Tony, he was there and he would protect him, help him. His mouth went dry and then Tony started speaking.
“Of course, you wouldn’t forget that part.” Steve rolled his eyes and walked into the kitchen. “Are you actually into these kinds of things?” He called after Tony. He wouldn’t be surprised, though; the man surely had his fair share of experience.
“Hey! U, Dummy? Where are you guys?” Tony called into the room and seconds later there were two… robots? Were they robots? Well, ‘they’ came straight to them, and they made blipping noises and Steve thought he was losing his mind but they kinda sounded happy.
“I’m a grown-up. You, on the other hand, didn’t even look like a teen.”
Steve shook his head. “Pepper came in first, after that, Bucky, Nat and Clint should have been here. I don’t know exactly, after Dr. Yinsen told us you were alright, I took some fresh air and let the others come in first.”
“Yes, you are Tony. And, frankly, I’m going to miss you too, even if you’re acting like a baby.”
“I try to keep my head down in the army.” Steve answered first. Hoping Tony would get the message without really getting it. He wanted Tony to understand, but like that he couldn’t prove it, right? He never used the word.
Tony filled himself a glass of water on the sink and swallowed it down all at once. “I swear, Rogers, if you use the word friends ever again, I will shoot a bullet right between your eyeballs.” He was nervously looking around, and still trying to catch his breath.
“Thanks for coming, James, Virginia… I’m happy Tony found himself friends like you.”
“No, yes and no.” He answered shortly. “I told you that I’ve things to do. You wouldn’t listen.”
“Do you think all of the German soldiers fought because they believed they were doing a good thing? Because I’ve scientific and historical proof against it. How can you be sure about this? Obviously, you are afraid of him, if not you wouldn’t put him into a Hulk proved room.”
Steve noticed how Pepper’s hand were shaking a little around her cup of coffee, although her face was not giving away more than a little distress that showed already when they arrived.
“Yeah go, the faster you’re there, the faster I get out of here.” While rolling his eyes, Steve left the room, still in hurry. He didn’t want Tony to wait, in the end he would walk home or call a cab instead of waiting.
Tony shook his head and rolled his eyes. “Man, why are you even in the army? Every time we talk about that stuff you seem to not believe in what you do.”
The last new face he met was Bruce. At the beginning their conversation was pretty awkward because the second genius in the room felt rather out of place. He was definitely not a crowd person, pretty shy and silent. But when Steve managed to get words out of him, he knew instantly what a brilliant man was behind those glasses.
“I was four.” Tony said without hesitation. “And even if I was a clever boy that age, I just didn’t understand when my father told me, my mom wasn’t coming back. Three years ago, my heart started making serious problems and I just couldn’t… I cannot leave my dad alone.”
Edward Sharpe and the Magnetic Zeros - Home
It took him about five minutes of running, racing actually, to find Steve. And the Winter Soldier. Tony stopped in his track. The man dragged Cap out of the water, he hadn’t seen him yet. He could just shoot him. He could kill the man that murdered his parents. It only took one shot through his head. He wouldn’t survive that, and Tony knew how to aim. He would not miss. He wouldn’t even hear the shot that kills him. It would be a painless death, more than he deserved.
Steve’s decision hadn’t really a big impact, the genius only looked ashamed for about three seconds, before he grinned and fixed Steve’s tie. “I would have teared you out of it yesterday, so it probably was better for us, that I didn’t get to see it.”
Tony grinned, when he saw how the memory still turned Steve’s ears red and his face a sweet tone of rose. “When she was done with making fun of me, she got up and asked if I wasn’t gay. I nearly had a heart attack, really, as if the thing before hadn’t been worse enough. She saw it in my face, so I confessed it to her. She’s the best. After she actually went on a few dates with me, that were only friendly for us, but…”
“Not sure.” Tony answered and was actually honest with him. He had told Rhodey and Pep, that it was nothing to be concerned of, just a minor heart attack and the doctors where certain he would be fit again in no time, the truth was far from it. “I need a pacemaker; not sure it will be sufficient.”
“You really like discussing a lot, even when you’re too tired to keep your eyes open.”
“Maybe not, but if it helps Tony…”
„Tony, listen to me. Please, just once.” The man nodded. „Zola. You know the name?”
“You know what, Nat?” Sam asked when the rest of the Avengers saw Steve and Tony walking off together, smiling softly at each other. “I will never doubt you again.”
“Seems like we both got the same problem.” He answered and sighed after a couple of seconds. “Fine, but I’m not in the mood for sport, if that’s alright with you, I would like to just hang around on your couch, watch Tv, maybe get some sleep.”
“It’s late, I think I need to sleep… You can…” The billionaire said while getting up.
“Did you and Barnes, I mean was there ever something between you two?” Tony decided to enter the game in a similar way that Steve did. He didn’t catch him of guard, though because Steve totally knew Tony would ask more about his best friend.
Steve had expected lots of people, and also lots of them with cameras to chase after Tony, but there were still more than he could ever have imagined. Apparently, it really was common knowledge that Tony tried to never miss a match.
Steve only nodded once to her. “Outside is a coffee machine that you can use, and you can buy yourself something to eat down on the second floor.” She informed him, before leaving.
“Nope. Not that I didn’t try… I mean, girls are beautiful human beings, but that’s about it.”
Tony sighed. “Can we go back to talk about my parents? I’m afraid you’re going all Winter Soldier on me if we keep on talking about Steve.”
“We were just talking, so why ever Tony lets you enter the house without ringing a bell, that’s means at least you are able to find the door and come back later, or never.” Obadiah said into his direction.
The chapter really is nothing special, or super exciting, but at least Tony will find out what's wrong with his heart.
He walked up to him and crouched down in front of the man. “Hi, Tony. You’re there?” The man looked up. His eyes small, red and swollen. If Steve wouldn’t remember Tony’s eye color, he wouldn’t make it out right now.
“Captain, make sure your team member takes his medication, eats and sleeps a little more and better. I will come back for a checkup in three weeks.” Steve walked up to him and shook his hand.
Mit all den Kriegen
“He has a lead to a terrorist’s organization, and that’s all he told me, promise. I’m pretty sure I don’t want any details, I worry enough about Tony, no need to put another one in the mix. It’s enough he’s back down there.”
“Wanna talk about it?” He asked nevertheless. Tony sighed, finally looking at him.
Steve really wanted to process that message, but he would do that later, alone. Right now, there was another message pretty much blinking in front of his eye.
“Hello Mr. Stark.” He greeted. Tony lifted an eyebrow and snorted with laughter.
Steve pulled the man again against his chest. “I’m so sorry Tony.” The smaller man started trembling in his arms and then Steve felt wetness against his shirt. Tony cried silently, without sobbing and without any change in his breath. Steve hated it. This showed him just how much Tony learnt to push his feelings beside and that his emotions had never been important enough to be acknowledged.
I owned every second that this world could give
That had been enough to convince Bruce. Tony didn’t know what suddenly caused the trust of the doctor, but he was fine to go along with it. He should have known Bruce wouldn’t just accept that.
“No. Never. First of all, Bucky is straight as an axe, secondly, I only fully realized that I liked man in the 21st century and third of all, just no, Tony. That’s nothing you need to think about, cause I’m just not at all attracted to him, never was, okay?” Tony nodded as an answer.
“Tony.” Steve tried again with a soft voice, he saw Tony’s distress in his face and it didn’t come from worry, he was pale and shaking and Steve could swear that his blood pressure was running way too high. At least they already were in the hospital. “You tell me you have to keep going because you’re the only one that can? Well fuck, if you keep on doing that, fucking no one will ever!”
Die Liebe gewinnt'
“Did anybody of you guys hear a no?” Natasha laughed. His best friends grinned at him.
Steve turned around without waiting for Tony’s reaction he walked away. If he was right, Tony would follow him in no time. He was way too nosy not to. At least that was what Steve hoped for. And he thought that his surprise was worth at least a glance from the genius.
Bucky Barnes did not move. He would be able to flew, he could try at least. He may could take one bullet or two, then again, even he couldn’t dodge a bullet through his head. He stayed, he did not even move an inch. He recognized the man too. Nobody did not know Tony Stark, especially since he looked an awful lot like his father. His end was near then. The Winter Soldier felt relief, even if he couldn't explain it to himself. He would greet death with a smile. No more confusion. No more pain.
“I’m shocked you’re opening up to me.” Steve answered him honestly. “But, I thought about all these things too, after you practically ran away from me. So, I have a surprise for you, upstairs. And just to be clear, I invite you to a date in your own house.”
“Actually.” Steve scratched his head. “You go first, I’m happy he’s alright, I just need some fresh air. Alone.” The last word was declared into the direction of his best friend. “I come back later, you guys certainly have to go to your classes, right?” He asked Clint and Natasha.
Said no more counting dollars
“How sure are you? Cause I think Pepper and Rhodey would tell a different story.”
“I think you’re the best family one could wish for.” Sam sighed and smiled, feeling as if he had found his place to stay.
Iron Man had spared Bucky. Steve wasn’t even sure his best friend deserved it. He loved him like a brother and he didn’t want him to die, especially not killed by Tony. But the son of Howard had seen his fair share of shit in his life. It sounded wrong, but he might deserve his revenge.
'Je m'baladais sur l'avenue le cœur ouvert à l'inconnu
“Go right ahead, Cap. I’m ready.” Steve doubted that, and he was afraid because there certainly was a high risk of them getting into a fight. But he had to take it, if they wanted to get anywhere with this, better get it out of the way already.
Steve frowned. He wasn’t sure he got that information right, was Tony implying that he brought people in for sex? That would support the rumour of him being a playboy. But the Tony he met now, knowing him for only a day, well two if one would include their short interaction before he pretty much died in his arms, that Tony didn’t seem so playboy-like.
“Yep. Clint and I are going to Moscow after breakfast. We’ve got a big lead.”
“I’m sure you reached a stage, where your body doesn’t even know how to tell you he needs food. I understand that you don’t want to, but you need it. Please Tony, do it for me, okay?”
But baby, I've been, I've been praying hard
“Bah, no. I’ve heard them a million times, don’t make me change my decision, just give me a paper to sign.” Dr. Yinsen rolled his eyes at him but had already a paper ready to get Tony’s consent for the surgery.
And in fact, his best friend seemed a little unrelaxed, staring at him. Tony was afraid he would manage to jump through the phone and strangle him to death. “I did not! In fact, it’s you that destroys them, multiple of them. Fuck, you even made a firework with them to prove Pepper that you were done with Iron Man.”
“There’s a guestroom down the hall.” The genius said without turning back.
“You saved my life.” He responded, and Steve had heard that already way to often out of his mouth.
“That’s absolutely fine… I know for you guys the war is ages ago, but for me… it’s not even a year… You should have seen him in the war. Nobody can change that much within that amount of time, or do you want to tell me, he really lived the past 70 years? Maybe, you could just trust me here?”
Steve surged forward, peppering her face with kisses, “God, you’re so perfect.”
“Even then.”
Captain dad: Then we’re going out to search for you ourselves
Peter: by the time I became conscious I just took myself to the hospital and saw that they were freaking out cause I wasn't responding to their calls and texts
Soldier dad: Not that i’m worried or anything.
But she knew that once her body healed from the soreness that will definitely hit her like a bitch, she’d want to have sex with him again.
She kissed his neck, “I love you too. And I can't wait to exploit this impregnation kink you have going on,
Irondad: PETER YOU ARE IN SO MUCH TROUBLE
Quickly, Steve started to moan out, “Close- i’m close.” but she could tell he was a bit frustrated. His eyebrows were furrowed as he continued to fuck her, but his thrusts weren't as powerful as they were before. Guess that with the spell breaking, it also brought back the fatigue of having rough sex for hours continuously.
He saw her swallow down her tears, still keeping up a brave expression, “Just… don't leave me.” she said, quietly and it broke Steve’s heart that he made her feel this way.
Irondad: We’ve been calling you for almost two hours. Where the fuck are you?
Peter: Like school and sleep.
“Me. Somethings happened. I need help.” he was sure she could hear the squelching sound over the phone.
He groaned, “God, we made a mess.”
“...You sure?” Steve asked, his heart pounding.
“Picture it, Captain.” she whispered into his ear, knowing how horny that title got him when it came from her “Me, carrying your baby.” she used her other hand to grab onto his and moved it over her belly, “I’ll be all big and round.” she pulled his hand up towards her chest and made him cup one of her boobs, “My tits are going to grow bigger and be full of milk. I might even let you have a taste.”
Irondad: I swear, if you’re ignoring us just because of our silly squabble…
Peter: Soldier dad hugged me so hard I think I might have bruises
“Do you want that Captain? A baby?”
Soldier dad: No doubt you’ll check your phone again in a few seconds. Call us.
Now, Natasha was a brash woman and wasn't above dirty talking and flirting. Especially since she knew how much it riled Steve up. He had quite a potty mouth himself, and was more efficient in using it.
Irondad: I TOLD YOU TO REDUCE SPIDERMAN HOURS
He tackled her, his body weight enough to slam her into the opposite wall. She grunted, her mental fingers trying to pry him off immediately.
Irondad: I am five minutes away from putting on the suit Peter. Pick. up. Your. phone.
“So?” he got more toilet paper and cleaned up the mess, “You never care about the meetings, don't start now.” he dumped away the mess and walked out of the bathroom stalls, “Just tell them your husbands dying.”
Well, not exactly. The man wasn't above sexting her when she was at work, but never when she was in a meeting.
He waited for a second, his shoulders relaxing in relief when he heard the tell tale hiss of the armor as her face plate rose. He grimaced as his thumb lightly ghosted over the forming black eye and a cut on her cheek. He would never be able to live down the fact that he hurt her, for as long as he lived.
Peter: Yeah, I knoooowwwww
She caressed his face, leaning up to mouth at the spot beneath his ear before she whispered, “Then fuck your babies into me, daddy.”
What was she doing?
“Ok, now you’re pushing it.”
“C-Call me Captain.” he requested.
The desperation, the love they felt for each other was suffocating, as they kissed after deadly missions. They would go back to their home and take off each others suits, before falling into bed and having sweet, intimate sex. It was slow, it was personal, it was filled with love.
Just some background I didn't explain here, Petra is the daughter of Tony, Steve and Bucky but to reduce the amount of attention/potential threats to her life, they've kept her identity a secret, only revealing her to be an intern of Stark Industries.
Steve’s breathing hitched as he remembered, they were trying to get pregnant. His hips stuttered, vigor in his thrust. Just a little bit more…
“Sleep?” Steve asked, slowly pushing his cock back inside her. He moaned loudly as the heat enveloped him, taking note of how her pussy clenched when that happened, “If all it takes to make you sleep is to fuck you till you black out- hah, hah- I would have done this sooner.”
Soldier dad: I told them you’re definitely ok and probably put your phone on silent like you always do, but you know what they’re like.
But it wasn't enough. It felt like only the tiniest fraction of the pain was gone.
Soldier dad: Ok. No word from you yet.
Peter: Then he told me I needed to take better care of myself and I'm no use to anyone sleep deprived and overworked
“I don't care. He killed my mom.”
With that, Steve climaxed. He let out a gut wrenching cry, pushing his cock as far as it could go, shooting a final load inside of her.
“Don't you dare.” he warned, furrowing his brow, not wanting to get turned on, “I’m too worn out. I just might take you up on the ‘no sex for awhile’ thing.”
He had surprised Natasha with how kinky he could be, his wife (then girlfriend) also believing that he was a goody-two shoes who couldn't be anything but vanilla.
Damn that stupid magician.
Peter: So all in all
“Ah, fuck, Baby- i’m close.”
“You’re no fun.” she pouted, swatting at his muscular chest.
“I’m not sleeping in cum infused sheets. We’re probably gonna have to burn the bed, I doubt any amount of washing can wash the jizz out.”
“Never.” he said, “I’m with you. Forever.”
“Call me Captain.”
“You think you can go without sex? Without me eating out your sweet pussy? Fucking you in the shower? No lazy morning sex? Don’t want me to stuff your pussy with a vibrator and send you off to work? Don't want me to bend you over your lab desk and fuck you till you cry? Think you can handle it?”
Soldier dad: Tony told us about your fight. Is that what this is about?
“Hah...Tasha.”
Peter: That’s because all three of you are trying to call me at the same time
She was panting, face and chest flushed. Her hair matted onto her forehead, her lips were puffy and red. Her neck was covered with hickeys and it trailed all the way down to her hip, where Steve had bitten her particularly hard. Her nipples were rock hard, and also held the imprint of Steve’s teeth. Her pupils were blown wide open, the beautiful brown of her eyes practically covered, and no doubt Steve looked the same.
Soldier dad: Come home. Now.
Also, fair warning, a bit of sexist and misogynistic talk takes place.
She took note of the way his cock twitched and smirked. Without breaking eye contact, she simply spread her legs, inviting him in.
“Probably because i’m jacking off in a stall,” he said, not caring if other guys are around and could hear him.
“Whatever the reason is, you can't stop now. You just finished spilling a gallon of semen inside me.”
“If we don't, then there’s definitely something wrong.”
“I will be if you don't come home.” and he hung up, racing to his car.
His shaking hands grasped the armored face-plate tightly, his eyes threatening to fill with tears. She chose him.
Steve grit his teeth, his eyes darting frantically between the woman he loves and the man he needed to protect. The Iron Woman and The Winter Soldier were locked in combat, Natasha chasing after Bucky for revenge. She just found out that Bucky had murdered her parents (even though he was under the control of Hydra and had no influence on his actions) and was out for blood. His heart was torn in two over the situation. On one hand, he loved Natasha, he loved her so much and all he wanted to do was to hug her and apologies. But on the other hand, Bucky was his friend, his one link to the past and he needed to protect him.
Irondad: PETER
She shrugged, “We’ve already fucked like, fifty times. Why stop at the last two?”
“I don't want to hear it!” she snapped, her armor trying its best to punch him off of her, “Get off of me!”
Natasha’s back arched as he hit that wonderful spot. Steve could work his dick so deliciously, she never got tired of it. He was always so...big and filled her up so good.
As he spoke, he leaned against a plinth and managed to knock over an ancient-looking pot. It clattered to the ground and shattered; they stood there in shocked silence, staring at the remains.
“Language,” Tony murmured weakly, still not totally over the fact that
“I know it wasn’t your fault,” Peter felt he should explain, even as his face heated in embarrassment. “I’m sorry; I don’t know what I’m doing. I must just be tired –“
“Dad…” Peter gasped, sitting up. “You have to tell someone –“
“What about this werewolf one?” Tony suggested, pulling it off one of the higher rails for Peter to see.
Tony’s head came up over the back of the chair, obviously startled, but then his expression melted into a sheepish smile.
“What?” Bruce asked, immediately concerned.
“God, no,” Rogers laughed, stepping around the desk again to tug Tony away from the chair. “George is Clint’s chameleon.”
“Trying to avoid him is bad enough now, okay? Imagine what it’d be like if we broke up,” Tony sighed, running a hand through his hair. “And that’s assuming he’s even interested in the first place. He might genuinely just enjoy being naked, and not mean anything by it.”
“Same here,” Tony replied.
“The burger’s even better,” Steve told him, laying his hands down on the table as he pushed himself to his feet. “A truce it is, then. And your meal is on the house, of course.”
Steve took his place at the head of them all once they’d all found their seats – Sam, Bucky and Natasha on his left, Wanda, Pietro, Bruce and Thor on his right. They fell respectfully quiet without prompting, as they always did, and waited for him to speak.
She left without saying another word.
“Rhodey has been eating over there?” Tony all but yelled, angry and betrayed for what he knew were childish reasons. “That’s it. I’m sending out a staff memo tomorrow morning banning anyone from fraternising with the enemy -”
They sat in an easy silence for a few moments, just basking in the warm sun and beautiful surroundings.
The lunch lady looked mightily unimpressed that he was asking for two portions, but in the end it seemed like she just didn’t care enough to make a fuss, and handed them over.
Luckily, in the next moment, he got a text message. Shooting Steve a quick glance, he pulled his phone out of his pocket and unlocked it.
“Yep, okay, I’m sorry,” he grimaced. “I’m okay, though. The Avengers picked me up -”
“We start patrolling, then,” he decided. “We have some working Quinjets – they can make it past the atmosphere –“
“Hey, handsome,” Tony hummed, leaning in to peck Steve on the cheek as they drew together in wait. “Pepper said you had a couple of issues with the squirt?”
Steve glanced at the others, not really sure where to begin.
“Guys like us might not run the playground, but we sure as hell run the world, kiddo,” his Dad finished, and then gripped Peter’s shoulder tightly. “You’re paying your dues early, sure, but your future’s bright, kid. You’re damn braver than I’ve ever been, too, so I know you can do this.”
“You don’t have to marry them,” Natasha rolled her eyes, ducking into the kitchenette for a bottle of water. “But you’d really be doing me a favour if you could at least
“Go,” Steve grinned. “Take your moment, Tony. The band and I are right behind you.”
It took a few weeks, but finally they were all prepared. Honestly, Steve took an extra couple of days to go over everything personally just to buy them a little more time; the closer they got to being ready, the less ready everyone seemed to be. They were still raw from the trauma of everything that had happened, and where there was now hope, there was also terror that their plan might not work.
They had given him the official Avengers number, from what it looked like. Cap had even sighed it underneath. And underneath that… there was another number. A cellphone number, it looked like, and this one was sighed
knew he was brash. “Okay, my turn. You’ve obviously got strong morals. You and Bucky seem really tight, which is nice. You’re generally very well put together. Your ass is… just stunning, really, I’m in awe, and… well, I mean, your lips look like the most kissable things I’ve ever -”
“Amends for
“What is it, baby?” Steve asked worriedly, accepting Peter awkwardly into his arms. “Careful of your costume –“
They were asleep, actually, and looked god-awful.
“Why not?” Rogers asked, tiny dimples appearing on his brow as he frowned. “If it’s a case of money -”
, oh my god. Are you okay?”
“Of course I am,” Tony replied with a huff, getting to his feet to grab the remaining dirty dishes and carry them over to Steve at the sink. Dumb goof insisted on washing dishes by hand instead of in the state of the art machine Tony had installed. “They’re my children, my babies. I adore them.”
Steve listened, shocked and horrified in equal measures, as Tony’s weak voice crackled through the Iron Man helmet. It was disconcerting, really, to see the helmet speak as though a person were still in it, even though it was very much an empty shell.
“No!” Steve yelled. “No, no way! We are not going to sacrifice ourselves –“
“You’re forgiven,” Steve smiled back. “Just make sure you’re wearing them, okay? Otherwise we’re gonna have to put a bell on you, you sneak around so quietly.”
Something exploded on his left, warning censors in his helmet screaming at him, and he had to throw himself through a closed door to avoid melting alive in his suit. The door shattered under his weight and he fell through into the office beyond. Using his hand repulsors, he stopped himself from face planting, though it took him a moment to totally regain his balance; his ears were ringing and he was almost choking on his own rage, burning from the inside out with a sense of devastating betrayal.
It was the guy next to him, dressed in a sharp, pale blue suit, who Tony couldn’t keep his eyes off. God
“How silly of me,” Tony replied as he put the costume back, wondering idly when he started taking orders from his eight-year-old.
She tweaked his nipple in retaliation (cherishing the squeal he let out) and he gave her ass a hard spank.
Captain dad: Then why aren't you home yet?
Captain dad: Peter. What happened? Where are you? Are you ok?
“Yes. Yes. Yes! Ah, fuck, Tasha. I want a baby. I want babies. Want to be a dad. Want to make you a mom. Fuck, fuck!” the pleasure he was feeling skyrocketed from Natasha’s words, he was close, so very very close.
Natasha was ready, prepared to finish him off which was when Steve had to intervene.
It took her a second to regain her senses before she asked, “Are you done?”, knowing full well the answer to her question, as his cock remained rock hard inside of her.
Soldier dad: Call us.
True to form, Steve fucked and fucked and fucked and fucked and fucked.
Natasha raised an eyebrow, confused.
Peter: so if you think about it, I had no control over my actions
“You know, and I can't believe I'm saying this,” Natasha said, glancing at Steve’s pelvis, “I’m actually glad to see you flaccid.”
Peter: Which makes it more annoying
Natasha shook her head no. “Too tired. Besides, we worked so hard getting all this cum in me, would be a shame to wash it out.”
~~~~~
Peter: shit went down at home
Irondad: OR DID YOU FORGET OUR FIGHT YESTERDAY?!?
Peter: My dad’s found out I was doing Spiderman patrol after they told me to stop
Steve smiled and ran a soft hand over her belly, “Think we’ll get pregnant this time?”
Irondad: Is this because of the fight we had?
“I don't need your
Peter: I’ll talk to them again when things calm down
So, sufficed to say, she’s had enough sex this night that would compensate for a month or two.
Closing his eyes, he wasn't surprised that he came in minutes, his semen coating his hands and the toilet.
MJ: agreed
“S-Steve?” Natasha called out, wrapping her arms around his shoulders, concerned.
Soldier dad: I’m sure your safe but some confirmation would be good
Steve shut his eyes tightly, waiting for the blow. He wasn't letting go of her, not now, not ever.
The doors finally opened, and she walked out, her heels clicking onto the marbled floor. She hadn't even taken two steps before:
“M’ Sorry.” he said, voice muffled by her shoulder.
She groaned as she used all her muscle strength to turn onto her back and Steve immediately regretting pulling out. Just looking at her was enough to drive him to another orgasm.
She was on her knees, ass in the air, giving him a clear view of her fucked out pussy, filled with cum. Her pussy lips were red and swollen and his mouth watered at the image of him eating her out, cum and all, as she begged him to stop. Her thighs were also coated in white, the remaining cum that dripped out of her pussy soaking the sheets beneath her.
Captain dad: Has someone stolen it? Do you no longer have your phone?
Soldier dad: PETER
Peter: Then he smacked my head before he banished me to my room
Peter: so as an act of rebellion I did exactly what you didn't want me to do
Clearly he was hit with some weird...sex spell that always kept him needy. But getting release wasn't the answer then what was?
“My body’s gonna be so fucked in the morning.” she complained, running a tired hand through his hair.
So the only people who know that she's actually their child are very few.
Peter: Right. About that.
“Honey- oof!” Natasha called out to Steve before being immediately tackled, kissed ruthlessly.
“I...Yeah, you’re right.”
“Yeah, speaking of which, carry me to the guest room.”
Suddenly, something in Steve's body seemed to snap and he collapsed on top of Natasha, his hands giving out, moaning loudly.
Steve stared down at his still erect penis and the bathroom that was now coated in cum.
Peter: And then dad got mad because I defended myself and told him that people out there still need me.
Natasha groaned, hands coming up to scratch at his back, nails digging into his skin, “Fuck, fuck, fuck, Steve! You’re right- I- I’m such a slut for you. Fuck me, fill me up even more. I’ll be leaking this cum out for weeks, I’ll smell like you no matter how much I shower. And if- ah, ah- when I get pregnant, everyone will know exactly who knocked me up.”
Peter: my ears are still ringing
“Let me fuck you,” he begged, ripping open her shirt, not caring of the buttons that flew off, “Let me fuck a baby into you.”
Woof. It's been awhile huh. Anyways, here's a new chapter!
He needed to fuck. He needed to fuck her.
He slowly pulled out of her, mindful of her sensitivity. His cock twitched and somehow got even harder when he finally stopped to look at Natasha’s state.
His cock throbbed and he started to jerk off again. For whatever reason, the sound of her voice was doing something to him.
Slowly, the power flowing into her gauntlet died down and she lowered her arm, all the fight in her veins somehow gone. Steve felt like he could breathe again when the overwhelming heat by his head dissipated. He straightened up, looking straight at the iron woman armor.
“I was- I was trying to protect you.” he admitted, “I’m sorry, I should have told you.”
And again.
Peter: cause it’s all biology
“Please,” she laughed, “Like you can keep your hands off me.”
Natasha’s face flushed at hearing the porn like moaning, “you ok?”
“Baby, baby please.” he begged, trying to subdue her squirming, “Please, let me explain-”
Captain dad: Tony. Language!
Peter: Pretty much the same way Iron dad took it
Steve groaned, rolling his eyes, “God, I'll have to take care of two immature babies when our kid is born.”
MJ: What did you do this time?
Peter: Today was an eventful day.
Captain dad: Pete! We keep trying to call you but it's getting blocked!
Soldier dad: Hey champ. You’re not picking up your phone and your dad’s are getting a bit anxious
“Fuck, Natasha.” Steve cursed, eyes closed and he fucked her wildly.
Soldier dad: Ah, shit fuck. I didn't mean that. Please be ok
Steve flicked her nose in retort.
“Steve!” Natasha exclaimed, breaking off the kiss with a lot of effort, but then moaning loudly as he simply attached himself to her neck, sucking a massive bruise on her.
The smile Steve gave her was all worth it. He kissed her sweetly, before he moaned into her mouth, his hips moving of their own accord again.
He looked down at her pussy, licking his lips at the sight of his thick cock plunging in and out, his shaft covered with a white sheet of cum. Fuck, if only the tabloids knew how dirty he was.
Peter: Uhhhhhhh hi? You guys still there? Did you cause a nationwide panic?
He ended up fucking two.
“Yeah, what was I thinking?” she teased, “Oh God, our baby’s going to be boring.”
Natasha bit her thumb nervously, her feet tapping as her elevator took her up to their suite. Steve’s call kept her on edge. She knew he wasn't in any danger and wasn't actually dying, but his behavior was out of the ordinary.
Peter: I know cause we learnt that in psychology today
Steve’s arms gave out and he collapsed on top of her, crushing her smaller figure under his massive one, but she didn't mind. She always loved the feeling.
“We- We can get through this.” he said, his hands going back to gently cup her face, “Together. I’ll tell you everything, no more lies, no more secrets. Anything you want to know, I promise.”
Natasha just stuck her tongue out at him like the mature adult she was.
He placed a hand over her stomach again, hoping this time, they managed to conceive. He wanted a baby, and he wanted to raise them alongside his wonderful, amazing wife.
Ned: Hate to say it bro, but you kind of deserve that one
N'importe qui et ce fut toi, je t'ai dit n'importe quoi
“Yeah, I think so… He did not say a lot. Tony was not really in good shape… What actually happened to you? He just disappeared from the cave before the mission.”
Wir sind Brüder
“Oh, no… I mean yes of course, Sir. But…” He took a deep breath. “My best friend lost his arm in combat. He’s part of your program for the prosthesis. He’s really happy about it, as am I.” Howard turned back and looked at the door of his son’s room.
The elevator binged. “That would be your last chance, Sir.” JARVIS told him and didn’t yet open the doors.
“Oh my fucking god!” Clint exclaimed, luckily silently enough to not wake up the billionaire. “Nat, did you give me drugs? I’m hallucinating. Tony’s buddy kinda looks different, younger, and Pepper looks an awful lot like Steve… Nightmare.”
Steve didn’t know Tony for so long, but this… He knew he would soon meet another side of the man. “You believe they were killed?” He asked no emotions in his voice and if Steve would not be Captain America, he would actually be afraid now. There was something coming up on Tony he didn’t like seeing. This was no anger, no sadness. It was the face of a killer, as much as it hurt Steve to admit it. Tony was ready to kill.
“Stane is going to hang you.” Pepper told him. She was sitting next to Steve’s other side. She didn’t bring up that argument for the first time in front of Tony, but the genius seemed to be rather oblivious when it came to his father’s business partner, even though they never shared a view in anything related to the company.
Steve kissed his head. “Sleep well, beloved. JARVIS, do me a favor and dark the windows.”
At one moment Steve had picked him up and walked to the couch to get more comfortable. “I hate to say it, but I’m actually proud of you, right now.” He said in a moment where Tony had to catch his breath. The billionaire only responded with a snort.
“Look at me, Tony… I’m as much fucked up as any of us. I want to help. I can see that I’m helping you, if you let me in, if you can explain and show me what you feel, I can help better you know.”
“More like lucky me.” He whispered and got just another kiss from the man under him. “So, how about, the two of us have a little chat to figure out what’s still bothering us, especially you? We can work on that and after we can go right back to this.”
Steve got back on his legs pretty fast. He couldn’t hear a thing, but apart from that he was alright, he hadn’t been that close to the bomb. The two soldiers… well, parts of two soldiers were lying next to him now. None of them was Bucky. He forced himself up and went looking for his only friend.
“You can be very intimidating.” Tony smiled.
He sometimes shared a lab with Tony, usually they weren’t at all together, but Bruce was kind enough to let Tony in when he had fucked up yet again with his usual lab companions. That’s what Bruce said at least. Steve believed him and decided he would get more out of Bruce in the next weeks.
Tony sighed. “I did, Cap. I wanted to help SHIELD, if I had any knowledge of this, I would not have done it, okay? Let me help, I won’t beg you.”
“Yeah… you’re right. Did he tell you, that they met at my party? And that’s where I saw him with his injury. He gained a new limb and a girlfriend on one night.”
“Mr. Rogers?” A voice brought him out of his daydreaming. He looked up and saw a smiling nurse in front of him.
“And you don’t think it’s going to look weird if I show up in a suit.”
The one in front of him, looked like a homeless person that had given up mid-winter and was ready to die. Steve felt how the breakfast came up from his stomach. He wanted to throw up seeing his friend like this, that was worse than the killer machine. He couldn’t believe it was actually possible.
“He killed her. He killed my mom.” Was the first sentence that came out of his mouth. He sounded hoarse, probably like the boy he once was, the young guy who was told that both his parents died in a car crash. Like a child that lost his mom.
“You totally ignored me all the way up here.”
“Why didn’t they kill you after they had had the money, if they didn’t want to give you back?”
“Didn’t know, you were so dominant. I kinda like it, makes you even hotter.” Steve decided to not listen to the brambling Tony gave away. And he surely did not listen, when Tony started talking about taking a shower together and him feeling something coming to life in his pants.
“You miss them.” Tony stated.
“Acting.”
“Don’t call yourself that.” Tony said silently, laying down his tools. “I’m serious. I’m good at maths, physics, robotics, but you are good with people. That’s so much more important than my skills. I’m no good with people, I’ve never been. They don’t understand me, and I don’t understand them. Rhodey and Pepper are the only friends I ever had, because they made a lot of effort, no thanks to me at all. And thanks to them, I got myself a group of friends. I threw parties and stuff, had lots of one-night-stands, but for those it’s just the look that is important. Not me.”
Not even two hours later, they found themselves captured in a HYDRA convoy. Natasha was badly injured. Steve was totally lost by what he saw and Sam was angry and confused. Angry because Natasha needed help and confused by what Steve was saying. Plus, he was mad at Tony, the guy should know by now they were in trouble.
Bucky nodded at closed the small book. “That’s the thing with genius kids, right? Thanks, by the way, I think I like reading. I’m not sure I always did, but I do now.”
“Leave the dishes, I’ve got people to do it. Good night.”
“Rogers, I don’t have time for you. Go away.” He out screamed the music, but Steve found the button to turn it off. Tony may be regretting showing him the thing in the first place. “God!” He groaned and turned around to Steve.
Steve crossed his arms over his chest and pretty much stared his friend down. “If there’s something you wanna share with me, then spill it out and don’t make such a fuss.”
“I’m afraid they both are, and Tony is just slowly getting that Stane is dangerous. Yinsen wants to operate him next week. Tony refuses because he’s afraid the company passes to Stane, if they both die.”
“There is, they had that since the day they met.” Natasha answered the new member of the team. “And just because Steve is out of another century, that does not necessarily mean he is homophobic.”
There was one thing, though, he knew for sure; Tony was worth all the pain he could imagine. So, Steve tried to be his usual self when he arrived back, and Tony gave him a room tour. Steve had insisted Tony should stay on the couch, but the kid ignored him completely.
“To thank you, of course. Seriously Tony, I planned a whole monologue on my way back.”
“How should I trust you, when you’re lying about your affair with Steve? How can you be objective?” Tony waited patiently until Bruce had sat down and his eyes had turned back into the brown, calming eyes of Bruce Banner. He really didn’t want to face HIM right now; the Tower was still damaged enough.
“I say a lot of things to him.”
“We need to talk! You’ve not answered my calls for five days straight. You are the face of Stark Industries. I can’t do all the work, you missed the monthly board meeting, you missed a meeting with the Japanese and I don’t have anything for the new StarkPhone you promised on Twitter a couple of weeks ago. In fact, you did that too without talking to me, your CEO.”
“Pepper…” Natasha pushed her a little more. “You’re trying to downplay something.”
The man next to her got up. “James Rhodes, but call me Rhodey…” He gave him a friendly but firm slap on the shoulder. “Thank you for saving my best friend. We own you…”
Which, honestly, was super weird, if the man didn’t want his help, he shouldn’t be so desperate and just go back to New York. Back to his easy life he chose, right? But there laid the problem. He hated his ‘easy’ life.
“Everything in life is math.” Tony insisted.
To concentrate on other things and let the time pass until the genius would wake up, he took the sketch block out of his bag and continued the drawing he had started two days ago. He drew it out of a memory he had from last year Christmas where he had been away from home in Iran. His first Christmas without either his mom or Bucky and he had been very miserable.
“Well, that’s because you spend too much time worrying about me than worrying about you or your BFF.” Tony smiled and pushed a flick of Steve’s hair beside. “I’ve got your back now, Honey.”
Tony was mad at himself. He knew he shouldn’t be here. This was a terrible idea. But, he couldn’t let them down. None of them but especially not Steve. He would do something stupid if he thought he could save his friend. So, Tony had to save Steve.
He still lived, and Steve gave himself a promise, he would bring his friend back. He would survive. Bucky saved him every day when they were children, now it was about time, Steve gave something back.
“I’ve got JARVIS.” The billionaire simply answered. Dr. Goldstein just rolled his eyes and decided it was not worth an answer.
Pepper sighed. “Fine. I don’t know what you’re still thinking about, but it’s your decision, and I will be by your side, whatever you decide.”
“In the future, we can celebrate Independence Day, and I might like a chocolate cake for Steve Rogers.” Tony turned around to find his boyfriend standing in the doorframe, looking fantastic as always, and not as if his best friend was being held captured by them.
“Don’t worry, I know you’re not that kind of guy.” She sighed. “Since we’ve got the apologies behind us, am I allowed to ask why you look like that?” Tony smiled for a little moment.
While the group of friends had a good laugh about that statement, which was indeed true – even Steve had to admit – he decided to not defend himself as he usually would. It wasn’t really worth his energy. His friends knew how he was, and they liked him exactly for that.
“Spill it, Rogers.” Tony laughed, not yet taking the visible concern on Steve’s face serious.
Thanks to whoever is reading my story. Hope you enjoy it.
“I can’t believe this…” Rhodey got up. “Why again, did I search for you, three months?”
The first three days in the hospital passed pretty quickly for Tony. One of his friends was always around, mostly Pepper and Steve but everybody showed up at least once a day. None of them probably knew how much it helped Tony to recover.
“I have no idea what you’re talking about.” Tony grinned.
“You would only break your fingers…”
He saw how Tony’s body wanted to break down but that his mind kept him on his feet. How he wanted to cry and scream but just swallowed it down, because he kept on repeating that he was the heir to Stark Industries. He was the only one to carry on, so he had to.
“Yeah? I thought you knew that. And thanks, I like my breakfast with your spit, man…”
“Yeah, I’d love that!” Steve agreed within an instant.
“You bet I have.” Tony had answered, and the next day all of the Avengers had accepted the new way – the Stark way – even Clint when he had suddenly needed to report directly to Tony.
“You sure have to leave soon, Air Force is calling, right?”
Except for their little adventures outside of the house, Tony was pretty much only not in the workshop when Steve forced him out to eat and sleep. He prepared work for the university where he still kinda had his job that he wanted to reprise as soon as possible, and apart from fixing the prosthetics from his project, he was writing the theoretical part of his thesis.
“Thanks for the input, Romanoff.” Tony sneered at her.
“Then take a nap, darling. I’m here.” He kissed Tony’s head and closed his eyes himself.
“You’re lucky that I’m on good terms with Obama, lucky me he’s democratic.” Tony grinned a moment. “Republicans hate me because I stopped the weapon factory.”
“What?” Steve could only answer. “You were kidnapped multiple times?”
“Everyone except?” Tony laughed.
“That can prevent rumors to even come up.” Tony finished his sentence.
Steve sighed and laid his head back on the headrest, staring on the ceiling. He felt like talking to a five-year-old for the last two weeks. “Let’s put it in numbers, that’s your thing, right? Chances that you’re dying lay by a 100% within the next max of two years without operation. Chances of you dying with the operation are around 40%, that’s what Dr. Yinsen said at least. Do the numbers Tony.”
“Not exactly, Captain. He made it clear that only one person was allowed to call and enter. To quote it, Sir said: ‘Only Steve. If he calls take it, anything else, I don’t care.’ That’s all he said for days. You see, I’m more than relieved by your arriving.
The only thing that hurt was what happened to his best friend Bucky. He lived, Steve had to remind himself more and more often, but he lost his arm. Steve saw him bleeding out in the battlefield more nights than he did not. The pictures weren’t clear in his head anymore. It happened so fast and without warning. The bomb exploded, and the shock wave separated the two friends.
“What do you mean by that?” Steve asked. Tony leaned back on his bed, watching Steve with a little smile. He was really an angel, his personal guardian angel that saved him from death.
“I think, if Tony trusts him, we can too, Obie.” Howard answered before Tony was able to bark at the white-haired man.
“Drink. It’s a smoothie, mostly strawberries and bananas, the Internet said it would be alright. JARVIS called your doctor, he will come over tomorrow to get you a treatment.”
“I think he tries to do the best for you and him. He saw how it ended up when he pushed to much.” Tony explained.
The soldier himself spent some time with Bucky and Sam, but mostly he was mother-henning Tony, who didn’t complain at all, well most of the time. While he kept the genius alive, he learned to cook, mostly thanks to Pepper and surprisingly Thor. The brothers only showed up once a week at best, while the rest of the group pretty much was always around in the evenings after school or work to keep them company.
Tony nodded once. “Even if Pepper’s my ex, she’s also my friend and the CEO of my company. She will always be a part of my life, is that okay for you?”
“It’s the worry talking out of me.” She sighed. “I can’t stay, though. I gotta go to work, but Nat, Bucky and Clint are there to say hello, and after Steve will stay with you, okay? I come back right after work.”
It was only short after that everybody said their goodbyes and left the two men alone. But yet again, there wasn’t a new conversation coming up. Tony just couldn’t bear the silence that was only broken by the beeping of his heart monitor.
“So, does Clint plan to enter the draft this year?” Bucky asked.
“You told me you wouldn’t choose between me and Barnes, but you can’t really guarantee that you will never have to make such a decision. So, I know that’s a bullshit question, but who would you choose?” Tony came back to something that was clearly still bothering him, Steve couldn’t deny him an answer.
His Ma sighed and rolled her eyes, glancing over her shoulder to where Clint was tucked up at the table in the corner of the room, hood up and eyes firmly on his cereal.
,” Tony whispered back emphatically. “Really, I -”
Tony made a soft whining noise at the back of his throat and tugged Steve a little closer. Without opening his eyes, he grumbled, “Jus’ five more minutes.”
“Missa Stark?” called a tiny girl from somewhere around his ankle, tugging insistently at his vampire cape to gain his attention over the music. “Missa Stark, Jimmy’s no’ playin’ apple bobbin’ wight.”
Tony gasped melodramatically. “You
Dread welled in Steve’s chest; he couldn’t understand why Peter wouldn’t want him and Tony to get married. Peter had always seemed to adore Tony – called him Daddy and everything – so Steve couldn’t think of anything that could possibly explain why he was so upset.
Christmas Eve. On top of that, it was Peter’s first Christmas with them full stop, and Steve really wanted to make it special for him. If that meant the little guy got to stay up a little past his bedtime to finish watching the end of… Elf, Steve realised they were watching, then so be it.
“I’ll get out of your way, then,” Rhodes sighed, snagging the bottle off the desk as he rounded it.
He still looked thin – thinner than Steve had ever seen him before – but not quite as gaunt. There was colour in his cheeks that hadn’t been there when he’d first arrived back, and a spring in his step that was starting to reappear for the first time. He was home; that really was the best medicine anyone could ask for.
“Maybe we can sneak them away in the dead of night?” Tony suggested weakly, but Steve just gave him a very unimpressed look.
“You see that girl in the front row?” Clint asked as they made their way past parts of their extensive team towards their dressing rooms. “The one who kept flashing her tits at me?”
was a little eccentric – these people were definitely crazy. “I don’t suppose you know where your eccentric boss is by any chance?”
“No,” Peter repeated with a giggle, though he dunked his plastic Thomas the Tank Engine spoon into the bowl and then lifted it up to feed to Tony all the same. Not a whole lot of it ended up in Tony’s mouth, but he appreciated the sentiment.
“I’m practically a married fairy now,” Tony grinned, flopping down onto the couch. “Ew, that sounds so weird.”
“You better come inside,” he sighed. “Start from the beginning.”
The morning after he’d met with Pepper and Rhodey for drinks, he simply left an hour later for work. Part of it was to see if he could miss Steve (who he was fairly certain headed out to work pretty soon after Tony himself normally did), and partly because he was a little hung-over and needed the extra half-hour in bed. He’d be late, of course, but his work spoke for itself, so he wouldn’t be in too much trouble.
“This time, unfortunately, it isn’t,” Tony shook his head. “Universities aren’t owned by a single person. There are education authorities, and then there are boards of governors, a dean, etcetera, but there isn’t a single person who owns the school. Students pay an annual tuition and board fee to keep the school running and its staff working, and there are usually a number of outside donations made, as well.”
Tony nodded his head. “Okay. Let’s get this show on the road.”
Steve ached all over, so he couldn’t possibly imagine how much Pietro hurt. Adrenaline was still thrumming through his veins, which was helping, but by the time he stepped back outside with Bucky to ride over to Tony’s garage it was quickly starting to wane, leaving him jittery and exhausted.
They could do this.
“Not nice like
“Exactly,” Steve nodded with a soft smile. “Sometimes it just catches me by surprise, is all. You’ve come such a long way since when we first met.”
Tony just shuddered in response. He thought for a moment about asking whether the lion had actually been legally imported, but decided he didn’t want to know the answer.
“- and it’s a little dark in here,” Tony continued. “I dunno, Rogers. I think you could do better.”
“Guys? Are you… will you help me, or…?” Lang cut in, taking an awkward step forward.
a robot, so technically he had jumped to the wrong conclusion, not Peter. Didn’t mean the idea of his son not wanting to dress as him for Halloween hurt any less, but he was pretty sure he could get over it.
“Well, you could start by going over there and saying hi?” Steve suggested, and Bucky resisted the urge to flick him off his shoulder. Sassy little bastard. “Look, she’s probably asking her fairy exactly the same thing. At the rate, you’re not actually gonna meet her before you’re dead -”
“I don’t even think he’s showered to wake himself up a little,” Steve replied, leaning over the back of his chair to tug Tony away from her, before pushing him gently towards the coffee pot on the counter.
“He’s got the sickest tattoos,” Clint hummed, “and his metal arm’s awesome. I think I approve of her being with him.”
Steve had agreed to get Peter ready with him because he had been able to tell that Tony was stressed enough already, and adding a naughty Peter to the mix probably wouldn’t have been the best idea.
“Lily, baby, do you want some eggs? You haven’t eaten a whole lot of your cereal,” Steve called from the stove, dishing himself his breakfast up.
“Oh, sure, man,” Sam nodded, noting that down on a notebook he had in his apron. “We’ll get right on that for you.”
Steve seemed surprisingly game with that idea, if his smile was anything to go on. “Okay, sounds like a good idea. I’ll go first?”
Steve took a deep breath and nodded his head. “He’s… one of the team. One of the best. Earth’s best defender.”
“I should think so,” Steve replied with a smile of his own, wandering back over to the stove to get his own breakfast. “James, honey, sit down, please. I don’t wanna trip over you.”
And with that, Steve flashed a cheeky grin and then turned back into his own apartment. Once the door was closed, Tony breathed out for what felt like the first time since he had laid eyes on him.
“Yis,” Peter nodded, and James joined in beside him.
“You’ve got this, Buck,” Steve whispered, clinging tightly to Bucky’s hair as he walked. “I can feel it; it’s all good -”
?” Rhodey asked incredulously, taking a sip of his beer.
“We are twins,” Wanda replied fiercely. “We are two halves of the same being. Take my blood and save him.”
“You’re no fun,” Tony grumbled, but he looked a little happier as he leaned back in the chair again.
“I know,” Natasha smiled. “Thank you.”
“Good,” Tony nodded, grinning back at him. “Good.”
FRIDAY replied.
She was nowhere to be seen, and his headache was only getting worse. Cursing loudly under his breath, he forced his way through another gaggle of people towards the door. He knocked sharply against a guy as he pushed his way through, and he turned back to throw a pointless apology over his shoulder when he caught a look at the guy’s face and the pain in head got suddenly so excruciating that he thought for a second that he was going to pass out.
Against everyone’s wishes, Tony was up and about within a few days. He immediately caught himself up on what the plan was, and as a result locked himself in his lab with Bruce and Carol to start researching what they could do to reverse the snap.
He felt kind of dizzy, but in a
Natasha looked surprised, as surprised as Steve felt, because where had
“Uh, sure,” Tony nodded, forcing himself back into gear. He turned and locked his door, and then followed Rhodey down the corridor. “Shotgun.”
Looked like he had been doing his job after all.
“How do I look?” he asked, wandering straight through into Natasha’s bedroom without knocking. Luckily, she was already dressed.
Steve pulled the towel away from his face and looked up, huffing out a laugh as he, too, spotted Peter. “You’re going as Wall-E for Halloween this year, then, huh?”
“Ah, she does that sometimes,” Rogers nodded. “She has a strange sense of humour.”
With a last few scribbles, he dropped his pen and then passed the work back to Peter, who discreetly tucked it back into his bag while the teacher was helping another student. Assuming their exchange was done, because it had gotten to the point where he and his Dad didn’t speak a whole lot during classes, Peter turned back to his work and picked his pen up.
“Excuse you?”
His voice cracked over the words, he knew they did, and Tony completely froze, staring at him in horror.
Tearing himself away as the song came to an end, Steve got back to helping the chorus boy with his footwork. He decidedly tuned out the words drifting back and forth from the stage, knew that if he was needed to help out, they’d call for him, and let himself get lost in his work.
After a quick shower (and having to physically tug Tony out of bed when he darted back into their room), Steve dressed himself in his usual tight jeans, t-shirt and leather jacket, and then padded down the creaky old stairs of his Ma’s house.
“Yeah?”
“If he would go for it this year, probably Steelers, Titans maybe Raiders. They need new Quarterbacks, but it depends on the draft order, so…”
“Oh, still joking, yeah?!” Rhodey blew up his cheeks and tried really hard to calm down. “It was also Pepper that told me why you were on shutdown for two days and didn’t bother to answer anyone’s calls after. His friend killed your parents, and you thought, I wouldn’t want to know that?”
“You said the same about the car.” Tony grinned, walking right into the living room to sit down on the large couch. It could probably fit around ten people, at least. Twenty soldiers would be dying to sleep together on that thing.
“Alright, I see you guys around, then? Maybe in the evening or tomorrow?” They nodded simultaneously at him, when he pretty much ran out of the floor.
“Don’t forget where you are right now.”
Natasha gave him a more or less soft blow on the head. “You’re not funny, Barton. Not in the slightest.” She smiled back to the three men on the couch. “Sam that idiot is Clint, Clint that’s Sam who brought down SHIELD with us, and I hope you remember Captain America and Iron Man.”
Steve smiled proudly. Last time, he was a little ashamed of the flowers but Tony had loved them. They were still on the couch table at his place, totally dead, but Tony refused to throw them away. Steve had just now decided to replace them with something better. He would bring Tony new flowers every day if only to see a tiny smile on his lips.
James took a deep breath and stared at the two security guys, that had been watching the scene between the three people. “They’re not really there for Tony.” Rhodey said, probably to Steve but he still didn’t cut the view to the guys. “Well, Obadiah said they were there to protect him, but they’re only there to control Tony and to keep everybody away from him.” Steve frowned, but before he could answer, the doors opened. He had the feeling of getting into something bigger than just a young man whose life he saved.
“I’m serious. It’s one week and you already show me your emotions, I can hear you cry. Don’t get me wrong, I hate that but at least you’re not alone in your suffering.”
“He’s here? I thought he would stay in Washington D.C.”
Howard Stark nodded too.“Alright, have a good day. See you, Captain.” Obadiah completely ignored them, when they walked off.
“You’re not dumb.” He simply answered, only loud enough to reach Steve as a whisper. “Anything but.”
“Steve, if you want to be with me you need to learn how to read signs. I’m not good at conversations or feelings, you should know. I’m better at showing, at telling people things between lines.” Tony answered within a second.
“Listen, Cap… It’s not against you or your friend. I just want to be sure we’re not getting ourselves into danger.”
“Call an ambulance!” He screamed at them and turned his attention back to the man. He looked an awful lot like Tony Stark. No wonder he fell in love with that guy after he saw his face for five seconds, not that he ever saw Stark in reality, but Bucky showed him a picture. He was probably a fan or something. He ripped open the boy’s shirt.
“Honestly, I’m getting a little jealous, he loves you. Nat herself would go postal if something were going to happen to you. You gave Bucky a whole new life, not only by making him his arm but also by convincing him to go to therapy.” He continued and stood up and walked to Tony, kneeling in front of him and taking his hands.
“How do you feel?”
Steve grinned into Tony’s neck and kissed it after. “You can have him in your dreams but on the day, your all mine.”
“Thanks mate.” Tony said a little more politely but he was still rather unconcerned about his behavior.
“Because I look like my father… Yep, I know that part.” Out of Tony’s mouth came a forced laugh. “I’m sorry, I’m just not his biggest fan.” He sighed. “And I’m just telling that the man that killed him… Sorry, my brain isn’t completely functional right now.”
She crossed her legs and looked at him for the first time. She frowned when she saw his red face and the swollen eyes. “Are you alright? Did something happen? Did Steve?” Her mother hen characteristic came up within seconds.
“I try to. It helps to cope with all the shit happening around, you know?”
“You’re irreplaceable, Rapunzel. You know that.”
“Make yourself a home.” He answered grinning and Pepper took the couch next to him.
“I can imagine that.” Tony changed his position to lean his tired body on the wall. Now he had to turn his face to see the Winter Soldier, who didn’t look like a killer machine anymore. That helped a little to stay calm on the outside but Tony still heard his heart beat in his ears.
“What do you mean?” Tony asked.
“Come on, the fondue is waiting.”
While in the mean-time, he only fooled them, keeping their eyes away from what he was doing, getting JARVIS into SHIELD systems. He had heard, Tony proposing Coulson his private jet to see his girlfriend and he had seen his watery eyes when Fury told them about his death. That was the first moment Steve had realized that there was so much more about Tony than his façade. That he was not his father.
Tony swallowed down his last bite and stared up to Steve. “You love me?” He asked again. Steve smiled a little.
Rhodey grinned back. “Good. Take care, Tones. Don’t get yourself killed.”
“Ah. He gave you the talk. Alright, he told you, you’re making yourself miserable by being friends with me.”
“You tried to hide it, but since my condition I got pretty good at reading people’s faces. You looked like Rhodey when he found out about my heart problem.”
And lastly, today's song is a german one that I listened to when I wrote the last lines of the chapter and I couldn't not take it as title. It's about love, but not in the way we usually use the word. It's about respect and love towards everybody, and that everything will be fine when we start to love each other.
“God, Tony, I was so worried.” A tear suddenly dropped out of her eye. “I couldn’t live without you. I never told you directly, and I’m sorry I didn’t. You mean the world to me, I-we love you, and I hate so see you hurt.”
Tony didn’t answer. He got up and walked away. “Come on Tony. You can’t fly every time I say something you don’t wanna hear.”
“Oh god, I was so awful to you, while you had to… I’m sorry.”
“I’m so sorry Tony. God.” He sighed and looked with pity into the direction of the man. “How old were you?”
'I want you to know that I'm never leaving
After their planning, which Tony had not joined, Steve found him on the bridge over the cave. Silently, he placed himself next to his friend and leaned over the parapet. He wouldn’t say a word, it was Tony’s choice if he wanted to talk or not.
“None of your business.” Tony answered again. “Have a good day, Pepper. Goodbye.” And this time she actually left, probably not because she wanted to, but because she was still too shocked to refuse.
“Thank you, Jarvis.” He said automatically. Steve’s heart was still beating, and he could make out his breath. He was only unconscious. He was alive and that was all that mattered. While JARVIS kept an eye on Steve’s vitals, Tony took his hand and starred down at the man’s face. He didn’t let go, until the medics arrived and sent him away.
Steve had tried to keep his shit together since he left Bucky’s home. On the drive back to Tony, he turned on the radio as loud as he could, he wanted to shut up his thoughts. He knew was a lost case.
“Good job, Tones.” That was Rhodey standing on his other side. He was sent by the military last week to check if Tony wasn’t building weapons again and making sure nothing majorly dangerous was going on. Rhodey gladly took the opportunity to look after his best friend.
Steve sighed. “You haven’t heard, have you?”
If you need me I'll be there,
“No… I mean.” He sighed. “I got one or two slaps in the face, nothing serious, I deserved them… But he never, he didn’t. He didn’t. He ignored me, gave me the ‘unworthy’ looks, but he was not abusive. Mentally maybe, not physically. He would never.” Steve caressed his hair without saying a word. “You believed he abused me…”
“I’m sorry.”
So, maybe Tony just did not care anymore, or he decided that he couldn’t stay friends with Steve. Or he is sulking in his workshop. Anything was possible, still Steve was desperate to talk to the billionaire.
“Yeah, Tony calls him like that… Why?” Pepper demanded a little suspicion in her voice, even if Steve didn’t believe it was against him. Pepper scared him a little. She sounded an awful lot like Natasha, that was scary enough.
“The annexation of the old territories by Hitler was not liked by everybody… They were forced to fight for the German Reich. You couldn’t refuse. People didn’t know if their neighbor was for or against the Nazis.” Steve sighed. “Was actually worse after the war, when those territories were back at their respective countries, soldiers faced trial for collaboration with the enemy. I read a few history books about those trials when I woke up…” Steve straightened himself. “Why are you talking about that?”
Don't you ever let me down.
I don't know exactly why but this Chapter might be my favorite, it's not because there's a whole lot of plot in there but only because of the fact that I like the way I ended the story. It think it fits, because that story wasn't about any overly dramatic story, or major plot-twist but mostly just about two guys learning about themself and their partner and that together, they can archive more. I just like this basic thing a lot.
A knock on the door of Sam’s apartment interrupted Steve mid-sentence. “Did you guys invite another person to the party?” The veteran asked suspiciously. Since Steve and his girlfriend – ‘She is not my girlfriend’ – appeared at his door, Sam Wilson was a little more cautious, it’s not everyday Captain America asks for your help.
“You’re not pointing your toes, Peter,” he instructed, showing the kid how to properly execute a move. “Half of your problems would go away if you just pointed your toes. The other half would go away if you spread your weight more evenly on your feet. Stop tilting forwards and hunching over – you’re going to pull a muscle. Push your chest forwards and your shoulders back.”
Rhodey stared at the stacks of papers for a moment, and Steve realised for the first time how much he had really lost. Tony was gone, Pepper was gone… his two best friends snapped away in the blink of an eye. Steve had lost Bucky and Sam, of course, but he had the rest of the team, had purpose as long as he was
But Peter's face, so innocent, so filled with frail hope, undid any thought of lying in Tony's head. Damn, the kid's puppy-dog eyes were going to be the death of him.
“Sure,” Natasha replied with an intimate smile, accepting the kiss Bucky gave her. “Tony, you and Steve can stay at our apartment tonight if you’re tired of hearing me and James. It might give you a chance to get to know each other a little better.”
“I’m… my name is James,” he continued, feeling a little better as he managed to get a full sentence out. “People call me Bucky.”
Peter started, surprised, as his Dad appeared from nowhere, a gaggle of other kids around him. In a turn of events that Peter had never expected in a million years, Flash Thompson grinned, of all things, and then stuck his hand out to shake his Dad’s hand.
“Hey, neighbour,” Steve murmured with a shy grin, stepping into view through his door. “Long time no see.”
Pepper stepped forwards and cupped the bag tenderly, though she didn’t look inside. Instead, she looked to Steve. Something on his face must have translated, because she gripped his elbow with one hand and cupped his face with the other.
“Not if you don’t want it to,” he told him cautiously. “Me and Daddy are going to have two last names – Stark-Rogers – but you can stay just Rogers if that’d make you happier.”
noise as he was tugged down too, and Steve landed painfully on his back with Tony right on top of him.
“I met her, too,” Tony burst out, almost dropping his pen at the mere memory. “She was wearing a panda suit out on the lawn. Scared me half to death.”
Steve, to his credit, just huffed out a startled laugh. “Well, I’d like to think we’re a little more than a dive bar, but thanks for the review all the same.”
“All right, first thing’s first,” he jumped right in. “We’ve got to find better places to park everyone’s bikes. I know the police are leaving us alone for now since we gave them info on HYDRA, but we don’t want to raise suspicion all the same.”
“Find what?” Tony asked in a bit of a panic, trying to remember the instructions he’d just been given. When he turned back to Clint, however, he found the butler had mysteriously disappeared.
“It –?“
. Steve revelled in the feel of Tony’s heartbeat against his side, focused on it for an inconceivable amount of time, and only snapped out of it when he realised that Tony was crying gently next to him. Cupping Tony’s face in his hand, he drew their mouths together for a tender kiss, and then wiped the tears away with the pads of his thumbs.
“Do we have a lock on Stane?” Tony asked, a little breathless. He scanned the wall adjacent to the corridor outside and immediately came up with a heat signature carrying something big.
He was wearing a stunningly tailored three-piece suit, and held a violin in his hand as he grinned at Tony.
Tony sighed exaggeratedly, and the little girl giggled. “My boyfriend’s no fun, huh?”
“Yeah, buddy,” Steve grimaced. “Yeah, she did.”
“Good luck with that,” he grinned, sauntering off to his own dressing room to grab a towel or somethnig – he we pretty sweaty. As he went, Steve flashed him a betrayed look.
His heart was in his throat as the elevator came to a stop, a single, endless second passing before the doors rolled open. Steve peered out; it was dark this high up. Taking a deep breath, he stepped out onto the roof, head immediately turning to the side. The helicopter was still there.
“Um… hi, guys,” he managed with a weak wave. “So… I’m in kind of a pickle.”
Huffing out a relieved sigh, Tony realised it was a woman in a costume.
, because most of the time it was just easier. He had Rhodey, and he had Pepper, and they were more than enough for him. He wasn’t unfulfilled in terms of sex, either, and he definitely wasn’t unfulfilled, work wise.
to making up for what he had done.
He paused and glanced at each of them.
“Is it the footage of him rambling about Star Trek? He used to send them to the group chat – but I suppose you were AWOL at the time, so you –“
“I dunno,” Tony shrugged as he sat down and pulled a plate of mac and cheese towards him. “He seems a little lost. You ever think he just wants a friend?”
Out in the corridor, Stane yelled, visibly startled, and swung around to face him. With only a split second to spare, Tony realised he was wielding a
“All right, all right,” Tony chuckled, reaching over to grab Peter’s sippy cup of OJ before that ended up all over the table, too. “Can I just have a bite? One bite for your starving old man?”
But, still, Steve refused to surrender. He spent his days in contact with numerous government officials from all over the world, and his nights rummaging through Tony’s lab and office for something,
Peter’s powers were still relatively new, and that – plus puberty – meant that he was almost constantly hungry. He knew, as he finished the last of his beans, that he’d be hungry again within the hour.
“I was trying to do the right thing,” Steve hiccuped, desperately trying to hold back tears in front of his team. “You told me to stop fighting, so… so I went to the police…”
“There’s technology out there that could definitely help us track Thanos down,” she told them decisively during the first official team meeting Steve had called since everything had happened.
“I swear to god he doesn’t just go around flashing his dick to people,” Buck sighed, running a hand over the top of his head. “It was… kinda my idea? The first time you met, he panicked ‘cos he was in his underwear and yet still, somehow, managed to come out sounding all smooth, but then he told me about it and was worried he wouldn’t be able to replicate the…
kind of way. Allowing himself just a moment to take a few more deep breaths, Peter stood on unsteady legs and dropped the tracker onto the ground, where he promptly crushed it beneath his foot.
“Okay,” Steve nodded, throat feeling scratchy and underused. “Okay. How mad is she?”
“I’ve seen it all before,” Tony waved her concern away, and then gestured to his suit. “How do I look? Tie? No tie?”
“I want…” Peter hummed to himself, wandering backwards and forwards amongst the costumes. “I wanna be a robot, Daddy.”
Not sure what was going on, and not really feeling any better about his situation, Tony had no choice but to continue on up the path and hope that that weird encounter wasn’t going to foreshadow the rest of his visit.
“You…” Steve didn’t really know where to start. “You’re not alone, Rhodes. I know things aren’t –“
They offered Carol a bed and a place to stay for the foreseeable future. She was strong, incredibly so, and could fly, and they needed all the hard hitters they could get – especially ones that seemed to have an extensive knowledge of space and other worlds, which they (bar Rocket) were all lacking.
“I’m Jane,” the woman replied in a dreamy voice, “and he should be around somewhere.”
He hated that he had to ask, but he wouldn’t put it past Stane to fake his death.
had finally come to an explosive end, Tony got another text from Natasha. Groaning, he reached for the bedside table and snatched his phone up.
“You know I love and appreciate you,” Tony smiled, batting Peter’s wandering hands away from his breakfast.
Huffing a little as his body ached in protest, Tony sat up properly, pulled all the needles and pads away from his arms, and then threw the linen sheet covering him back, swinging his legs over the side of the bed before pushing up to stand. It was the strangest thing – his body didn’t hurt, not really, but it felt like it
He stopped, mid sentence, as Steve picked up the cigarette and took a deep drag. Tony was telling the truth – there was weed
While Rogers sat down, Tony gathered his thoughts a little and then span the laptop to face him.
Rolling his eyes fondly again, Steve leaned over the back of the couch to kiss first Peter and then Tony on the top of their heads, and then headed into the kitchen to get Peter a little snack and his evening milk.
“Good morning, honey,” his Ma hummed, reaching a hand back to pet his messy hair. Steve felt his heart bursting with happiness as he watched them interact. “There’s coffee in the pot.”
Steve thought about it for a moment. His Ma would probably worry if he was home late, always was worried about him for whatever reason, but… getting to spend a few moments alone with Tony? To dance with him? Steve found himself inexplicably drawn to that idea, and found himself nodding his head before he’d really thought it through properly.
He was out before he heard anything else.
“Yeah,” Steve nodded, still breathless. “Yeah, it’s – you could maybe even go a little closer.”
Or so he thought.
“Of course you can,” she cut him off. “You told him you would.”
They were going to eat him alive.
That didn’t work out, either.
“Papa’s not old.”
. Looking down at his naked body, he realised he was covered in pink patches all over, as though the skin was new. He took a step forwards, then another, moving across the room towards the window -
“Eh, could be worse,” his Dad shrugged. “I love you, Peter. I’m sorry I made you doubt that.”
Rolling his eyes, Tony held his hand out and gestured for Peter to take it. “Come on, then, squirt. Your Papa wants us to pick up some candy and decorations first, then we’ll get the paints and glue and head home.”
. “You need any help with those boxes?”
At least, he hoped they were onions.
By morning, however, Tony’s resolve to speak to Steve was starting to wane. Part of him still liked the thought of seeing Steve everyday, of someone caring enough to say hello to him without fail. Logically, he was aware that craving the attention of the hot nudist across the hall probably wasn’t the healthiest of compulsions to have, but he had never really been the healthiest of people to begin with.
That thought immediately flew straight out of his mind when, as he finally got to the huge front doors, he was met by a guy in a pair of daisy dukes, purple bow-tie, matching mohawk, and not much else.
He hit a button on his suit before Steve could even turn to get one last look at the pit where Tony had fallen; the last thing he saw as they were jettisoned somewhere into time was Thanos’s ugly face sneering back at them.
“You’ll always be my baby,” he insisted, leaning down to plant a kiss on the crown of Lily’s head as he passed to get to his own seat at the table. “All three of you.”
Fuck, he was usually a lot smoother than this with women, but this was different. This was his
“How limited is the reach?” Steve asked, cogs starting to turn in his head.
This time, Tony tugged Steve closer still, and wrapped the arm that had been around hip all the way around his waist, cradling him close to Tony’s body.
Steve shook his head, frustrated beyond belief. He wanted to shake her, rattle some sense back into her because this wasn’t the Natasha he knew, this wasn’t his
By the time they were out of supplies, they were all out of breath with laughter, and the expensive town house looked a complete wreck. Taking a step back next to Steve while Peter continued to run around, searching for bits of paper they hadn’t thrown, Tony couldn’t help but grin.
,” Tony found himself blurting out before he could stop himself, and then felt his cheeks heating up a little.
“Yeah?” Tony asked, smiling intimately down at him. “Am I doing a good job, boss?”
“Well, you’ve been out for three days, so she’s had a long time to stew on it,” Clint replied with a grimace. “Sorry.”
tarted up almost immediately, deafeningly loud, and Tony couldn’t help but laugh and glance around at the others on stage with him.
was still there.
That was met with complete silence, then, “
“I think she might be coming down with something,” Steve agreed, sitting himself opposite Tony at the table with his own meal. He passed Lily a small plate with some scrambled eggs on it. “She’s not eating properly.”
A rumbling siren cut over the rest of his sentence, and they stared at each other for a moment.
“They’re gonna be out for our blood,” Tony laughed, and then sighed. “But at least there’ll be no more hiding.”
They hadn’t thought this through. They really,
In an act of boldness that Tony really hadn’t been expecting, Cap took a long, unashamed look
“You can really help?” Rogers asked, a small, intimate smile breaking out across his face.
It was Clint.
It had been eighteen years since Steve and Tony had quit the band. Steve still remembered it like it had been yesterday, how they’d finally put their wedding bands on in public and came out to the world, how they’d announced that they were quitting to start a family of their own. It had been… a nightmare at the time, frankly, but they had stuck by each other through all of it.
Tony wasn’t where they had agreed to meet when Peter got to the cafeteria. Thinking his class had maybe just run over by a couple of minutes, Peter got into the lunch line and snagged up two trays, thinking he’d get his Dad lunch to save him queuing, too.
,” Tony grumbled under his breath. “I’ll have you know that the process of disappearing in one place and reappearing in another is vastly complex and very impressive – only the most elite of fairypeople can manage it -”
The guy was actually pretty good looking, in a half-hipster, half-hobo kinda way. His hair was long and dark, pulled back and up into a bun on the top of his head. His eyes were piercing, his stubble patchy and seemingly unkempt. Muscles bulged from his Henley shirt, and Tony realised with a pang that the guy had a prosthetic arm.
Steve turned away momentarily to help a chorus boy with his footwork for the dance finale, letting his blush disappear in its own time, but had to come to a stop while they ran the number they were practising on stage. Tony was in position, Pepper, the female lead stood opposite him; behind them, the set team were busy painting a library backdrop.
“I want to know
It was the stupid Avengers getting in his head, is what it was. Nothing more. There had been a moment in that fight, right before he’d thrown his shield at him, where Captain America had looked Tony right in the eye. Cap’s helmet had come off at some point in the fighting, and he couldn’t have really
God, Tony loved them both so much.
He half expected Steve to be a little offended, but instead he was flashed a daring smile. “There’s nothing wrong with a little competition, Tony. How about this – try the food. If you like it, we’ll call a truce, leave each other to our own business -”
“It’s my business,” Tony mumbled, cocooning himself in blankets as Steve rolled away and got out of bed. “I can open whenever I want.”
“Carbonell!” Flash boomed. “How’s it going?”
“All right, Peter,” Tony instructed with a grin. “Throw the paper as hard as you can, buddy. We wanna cover the whole house.”
“Wow, okay, none of that,” Natasha laughed. “Call me Natasha.”
until he felt just a little lighter, and opened his eyes again. Bucky was staring at him like he’d seen a ghost, which Tony realised had to be pretty accurate, seeing as, to Bucky, he had just appeared from nowhere.
“It’s not as simple as -” Bruce stuttered when he saw the expression on Wanda’s face. “Are you even the same blood type?”
Tony whipped his head around, startled, and came face to, well,
Rhodey seemed to understand everything that Tony had managed to stop himself from saying, and sighed. “Look –“
“Yeeesss,” Tony replied, making an exaggerated groaning noise as he ducked in to scoop James up into his arms. “Jeez, no more milk for you, okay? You’re getting much too big and strong, and I need you to stay my baby forever -”
With a sigh, Steve leaned over his guitar, towards the microphone propped up in front of him, and grumbled, “Sure, Tony.”
“Steve?” called a voice, and Pepper, of all people, appeared in the doorway. “There you are, oh – where’s Tony? Doctor Strange explained to us what you’ve been through, and…”
“Well, this isn’t going to be fun,” Peter murmured, right before he felt bones crack and pain shoot through his whole arm.
“Oh,” Tony nodded. “Thank you. I’ll keep that in mind.”
When the panda pulled its own head off.
And then there was Steve. The guy really hadn’t been kidding when he had said his door was always open; Tony had walked out of his apartment to go to work the day after he had moved in only to find Steve’s door wide open. He hadn’t meant to look – didn’t want to pry – but his line of sight had accidentally landed right on Steve as he wandered past the door.
feed me.”
“We’re still rock stars,” Steve reasoned, taking a seat on the bottom of the deckchair. “Just because we don’t tour any more, aren’t technically part of a band, that doesn’t take away the fact that we’re rock stars, Tony.”
“Well, thanks, Cap, but I think I’m gonna reserve judgement until you tell me that when I have my clothes on,” he hummed, and watched as Cap’s face lit up all over again. “You could be trying to seduce me, for all I know.”
“Yeah, well,” Tony shrugged as the memory came back to him. “What can I say? I’m a supervillain, sure, but I didn’t want to be responsible for killing
? I thought I could trust you to be my friend when nobody else would, to protect me and help me, but you’re just like them!”
“Please,” Tony whispered, looking down at the ground.
“How gracious of you, putting her first,” Steve laughed, and then continued laughing quietly when Tony groaned from behind him and slapped him lightly on the chest.
. Spinning on the spot, he jerked in surprise as he watched the thing seemingly come to life, waving at him jovially. Raising a bemused hand, Tony waved back, not really sure what else to do, when -
“How’s your headache, buddy?” he asked Steve, turning away from her so he could get back to polishing glasses.
“Where are you taking me?” he asked repeatedly, allowing Steve to lead him towards the car. They’d blindfolded him so he couldn’t see. “Is this a sex thing?”
He met Tony in a park. Logically, he knew he was dead, and they weren’t really in a park, but it didn’t really matter, somehow. Tony was sat on a bench, waiting for him, and that was what mattered.
Peter was quickly working himself up into quite the crying fit, already hiccupping and with snot dripping from his nose as he ran to Pepper and wrapped himself like an octopus around her waist. She managed to catch the grimace that wanted to form as snot got on her beautiful bridesmaid’s dress, and instead glanced up at Steve uncertainly.
Hulk scooped him up by the leg like he weighed nothing, and all Peter could do was take a deep breath before he was swung like a baseball bat straight into the wall. His head connected sharply and knocked him dizzy; the pain was starting to leech out of him, which he realised groggily was definitely not a good sign. His vision was going fuzzy at the edges, and no matter how hard he fought it, he couldn’t seem to keep his eyes open for more than a few seconds.
Tony had immediately imprinted on him like a newborn duckling.
Before he could finish his sentence, a thunderous bang echoed from somewhere nearby, almost knocking both of them over as the earth shuddered below their feet. Steve stared at Rhodes for a second, struck dumb by the suddenness, before they both swivelled on their feet and set off towards the source of the noise.
“Okay,” he nodded, taking another deep breath. “Okay.”
“Yeah,” he nodded, purposefully ignoring the others when he realised they were all watching them, “you’re right. Let’s go get him back.”
A few days after the
“Why?” Cap asked. “Who are you working for?”
Tony couldn’t see Peter, as he was facing the wall, but he heard him whine just fine, and rolled his eyes. The kid always got a little clingy after either he or Steve had been away for a while – probably some latent hangover from his parents’, aunt, and uncle’s deaths as a baby.
“Okay, I guess this is where we leave you,” Bucky smiled, allowing Natasha to link their arms together. “You guys gonna be all right?”
“Weird how?” Natasha asked.
Tony scoffed, was about to reply, but then he paused. He
He watched as Rhodey’s face twitched, as though he was about to gush about how cool that was, before he tampered it down and took another bite of cereal. Tony would never understand the weird, respectful work boner Rhodey seemed to have for Captain America, but then again, Tony had never actually met the guy. His dad had talked about him non-stop when Tony was a kid, had the same kind of respect-boner for him that Rhodey did, but Tony had always just tuned it out and carried on playing with his toy robots.
Lily looked down at what remained on her plate, obviously thinking hard, and then put her fork down and pushed the plate away from her. Finishing what was in her mouth first, she then clambered down from her chair and followed her brothers out into the living room.
“Stop!”
Steve smiled intimately at him as he got up to start clearing up, grabbing Tony’s plate in the process.
It was true, and the resounding silence that echoed around the room confirmed it. Everyone looked at each other, at a loss of what to suggest.
“They’re all safe,” Steve told him. “We did it.”
“Let’s go, then, muscles,” he grumbled, holding out his hand.
Tony laughed, couldn’t help himself, because sure, his suit was tailored and made him look trim, but he was
come from?
“But you… you’re a little brash,” Steve went on. “You don’t seem to take your job all that seriously.”
,” Peter whined, stomping up and down the aisle in a way that immediately reminded Tony of Steve. “There’s too many, Daddy!”
Steve took to sitting by his side, resting his hand against Tony’s chest so he could feel his heart beating stronger and stronger by the day. He wasn’t sure why it soothed him so – was actually pretty reluctant to start unpacking his feelings on the matter – but for the first time in weeks he was starting to feel some kind of peace. He wasn’t sure why that peace seemed to tie directly into his quiet moments with Tony, but, again, he wasn’t inclined to think about it too hard.
on his homework. Then, against his better judgement, he dipped under the table to pull it from his bag, and discreetly handed it back to his Dad.
“Are you still trying to get me into your apartment?” Tony asked.
Well then.
“Marks for presentation?” Steve asked, and then smirked when Tony just shot him a dirty look. “Fair enough.”
“It’s live.”
“You’re right, though,” Steve sighed, gripping the back of Tony’s wife-beater a little harder. “I was stupid, going to the police. I don’t know what I thought would happen -”
. What a wonderful name. It suited her perfectly -
He was safe.
. Slinking along, it passed the man on the stairs, and he didn’t even bat an eyelid as the thing brushed possessively up against his side. Tony, for what it was worth, was beginning to think that maybe he’d had an aneurysm, and this was all some kind of brain injury induced dream.
“So, any requests?”
He burst into tears. Peter didn’t know what to do.
“Tasha, no, come on,” he sighed as she staggered to her feet and turned away towards the door. “Natasha!”
and ripped the rug right from under him. No more. This had to end, even if it meant burning everything to the ground and starting again. He would eradicate this disease if it killed him -
“Find out what, Daddy?” came Peter's little voice from the door, and before either of them could tell him not to, he was padding into the room.
“Carry on and find out,” Natasha replied shortly. “If you’re bored, poof your way home and fix my toaster.”
Then, laughing hysterically, he drove away, Clint screaming around the gag in his mouth, with the rest of his cronies following along behind.
“You have to wear it,” Carol insisted, and Steve looked at her incredulously. “Don’t give me that look. You’re the one that has to end this.”
“It’s like looking at a carbon copy of your Pops,” he shook his head, and stuck his tongue out when Peter stuck his out first. “Right, okay, seriously – you need some eyes to complete your look. Do you want them on top of your head or around your eyes?”
Shuri managed to extract the Mind Stone from Vision’s head mere seconds before a thundering boom shook the walls and Thanos appeared on the lawn outside.
Steve grinned goofily at him. “And I like you.”
But Jane just giggled again, as though Tony were the funniest thing she’d seen all day, and then turned on the spot and ran off without even waiting for him to finish his sentence.
The further he ventured, the more he noticed. Someone had dragged an old, metal barrel up here, and there was a controlled fire inside. It wasn’t very big – had obviously just been lit. Next to it, there was a deckchair that Steve had thought they had thrown away years ago, and on that chair -
“No, it’s fine, I’ll take him over to Tony’s room,” Pepper reassured, and then held a hand out for Peter. “Come on, honey. You can get dressed in your Daddy’s room.”
Tony was already waiting outside his shop when the tow truck dropped them off. By the look of his crossed arms and firm brow, Steve guessed he wasn’t too happy, either, but he found he didn’t really have enough strength to care. Clint was still out there with those monsters, and the faster Tony could fix up their bikes, the faster they could find him and get him home safely.
“Hi, yeah, um… Tony Stark,” he introduced himself, deciding against holding his hand out. “I’m Mr. Rogers’ accountant? Here for a meeting?”
coming, and not ironically, either, Pops, they’re… they’re
“You could have died,” Cap reiterated. “You
Simple.
Everyone else was starting to pack up as the rehearsal came to an end, so Steve sent Peter on his way with a pat on the back. He’d get there; Steve was sure of it.
“Seriously,” he groaned, pushing himself into a sitting position. “What is it with you guys and banana today?”
They’d had a nightmare a few days ago when Peter had realised they didn’t actually have a chimney for Santa to come down. Tony, wonderful genius that he was, had explained to Peter that the giant H painted on the patio outside was not for helicopters, but actually stood for
“I wasn’t going to say anything,” Steve insisted, pulling Tony in against his side so he could nuzzle the side of his head gently. “I was just gonna ask you to marry me.”
She was holding an unconscious Tony Stark in her arms.
“Cannot believe we just did that,” Hawkeye muttered, as though he had been reading Tony’s mind.
Tony’s smile was definitely worth the screaming match with his mother that was sure to come.
“How is it that you know my schedule better than I do?” he grunted, rubbing a gentle fist against his eyes. Steve paused for a moment to watch him, charmed by the sight.
Steve nodded his head. “For him.”
But he was tired, and scared, and didn’t really have any idea how to get himself out of this mess. He was smart, sure, but he was still a kid, and his family were usually the ones helping him out of sticky situations. Hell, they’d only let him start going out with them as Spider-Man at
“He must have escaped yesterday when me and Sam were jousting down the corridor on your desk chairs,” Clint replied nonchalantly, striding across the room towards Rogers. Then, in an act that made Tony actually bark aloud with confusion, Clint plonked himself down right on Rogers’ lap, as though it were no big deal. “Thanks, Uncle Steve.”
But the lie was worse.
“Hey,” Steve shook his head fiercely, moving his hand up to gently cup the back of Clint’s neck. “You have absolutely nothing to be sorry about, okay? This is completely my fault; I dragged you all into this -”
Steve sighed and ran a hand over his face, crossing the room to wrap his arms around Tony. “You’re the one who wanted to hide our relationship. She just kinda… came at me. I’m sorry.”
“Of course I do,” Steve grumbled. “Now eyes on the road, everyone, and quit it about my love life!”
“When did you get so domestic?” Steve hummed, quickly wrapping his arms around Tony’s waist from behind before he could jump.
He was loved.
“Natasha,” Steve agreed, letting her hand go delicately. Boy, the guy had nice, big hands.
What a fucking fruit loop.
Tony sat up at that admission, a little taken aback, but definitely in a good way. Steve’s blush returned when he smirked at him.
Little Peter, pacifier stuck firmly in his mouth and Iron Man toy clutched to his chest, peeked sheepishly over the back of the couch. Beside him, Tony did the same.
, did it as easy as breathing, and there was no point getting worked up about it – it was just how Tony was.
“I wouldn’t dare to say,” Bruce sighed. “Tony’s a genius, but even he’s limited by the technology of today. He really can’t be that far away at this point.”
. He opened his mouth to yell at her, maybe, or at least strongly disagree, but what actually came out of his mouth was:
And so it was the same for three weeks.
“He was not propositioning me,” Tony huffed in reply, leaning down to grab the remaining boxes. “Shut up.”
“Is that why you would never let me come with you?” Clint asked, wiping his eyes quickly. “I thought you’d lost your job and just didn’t want to tell Ma, that’s why you wouldn’t let me tag along -”
” Pepper agreed. “
“Yeah, I… I’ve been practising a little,” he sighed. “I’ve had a tune in my head for the past few weeks; I’m trying to get it out.”
A wall of noise hit him all over again, and he laughed out loud at the absurdity of it all. Still, after all this time, he couldn’t quite believe that this many people were here to see him and the band Steve had put together in his two room apartment nearly ten years ago.
He was incredibly thin and felt brittle in Steve’s arms. After a long second, Tony lifted his arms and wrapped them around him, too, and in that moment Steve felt like everything was really going to be okay. They were together, and regardless of what had happened, regardless of the Accords, they were going to fix this as a team.
“The others have been worried sick about you,” his Pops said, and gently took Peter’s other hand to hold against his chest. “We all have.”
. A genius ex-playboy that didn’t play well with others, maybe, but not a supervillain.
And he walked directly into his Pop’s swinging fist. Shock hit him before pain did, which was probably what saved him. He ducked away from another punch, clutching at his already bruising face, only to bump straight into his Uncle Thor.
“Oh, believe me, he’s gone,” Tony snarled, and then, taking a deep breath, he forced himself to calm down for Peter’s sake. “Why don’t we give him a little severance package, huh?”
“Well, here we are,” Tony sighed once they appeared again, immediately dropping Steve’s hand. “Mi casa es su casa and all that. You want something to drink?”
“We have no weapons strong enough to defeat him,” Thor disagreed quietly. Of all of them, he had been the most withdrawn since the snap, and Steve was surprised to hear him speak at all. “It would just be a repeat of our last battle.”
“Saw full frontal a few days before,” he told her, and then raised both eyebrows when she looked at him expectantly.
“Let’s… let’s just finish the tour first, huh?” Steve hummed, beginning to sway them both back and forth gently. “We’re at the top of our game right now; the whole world loves us. Let’s wait just a little while before we drop a bomb on them like this.”
“So,” Bucky hummed, handing out menus. “What are you guys gonna get?”
But now, finally, he was going to meet the guy properly. He was going to meet
“Yes,” Steve nodded, getting to his feet. “Let’s finish this.”
“Will my last name change?” Peter chirped; Steve turned back to him to gage his expression before answering.
Steve still wasn’t used to the fact he was sat opposite a talking raccoon.
“You don’t want to be friends with those kids. They’re fucking assholes, and I wish there was something I could do or say to make things better for you, but honestly? I’m still just as in the dark with this stuff as you are.
Slowly but surely, colour started to creep back into Tony’s skin. Multiple breaks, fissures and oxygen deprivation meant it took a while, but with round-the-clock care, Tony started to look a little more human again.
Bruce shook his head. “Live.”
All in all, Tony was actually really proud of his efforts on Peter’s costume. It wasn’t perfect, because cardboard was
“I don’t kill people,” Tony rolled his eyes. “Though, in your case, maybe I’d be doing the world a favour -”
Soldier dad: Tell us where you are, i’m coming to pick you up.
They stopped at that, Natasha turning over to lie on her side, which was Steve’s cue to spoon her from the back. He always loved the feeling of his broad shoulders enveloping her smaller frame. Felt like he could protect her like this, keep her safe.
“Wow. Why do I even love you?”
One of their kinkiest nights was when they watched Natasha’s leaked sex tapes (filmed with her previous lovers) and Steve fucked her as he forced her to watch it, reminding her that no one could fuck her as well as he could, and no one would ever get the chance to.
MJ: Ah, of course. Continue
Steve simply smirked and leaned down to mouth at her ear. He latched onto her lobe with his teeth, pulling at it harshly, making her squeal.
“I cant...after this.” she shivered, feeling numb. All she could process was the sticky, messy sensation of Steve's cock breaching her filled up pussy over and over again, shooting out more cum that she could handle. They lost count of how many times he came, each orgasm not too far from the next, but always giving enough to flood her insides each time. Every time he shot another load inside her, it would just push the remaining cum out, accumulating in a dirty mess, “I’m close…” Steve said, punctuating his point by thrusting his hips faster. “Fuck- Cumming, i’m cumming!” with that warning, Steve climaxed again, pushing his hips flush against Natasha’s ass, as his cock spurted out more spunk, shooting it into her womb. Natasha keened, overwhelmed by the feeling of his hot jizz getting pushed inside her. Even though Steve had filled her up (fifteen? Twenty times? Possibly more?) she still loved the feeling of him releasing inside of her.
And that was enough to push him over the edge. Biting his lip to not scream, he ejaculated again, only this time it felt actually satisfying.
Soldier dad: You better be dying in a ditch somewhere for you to have the gall to do this to us
Natasha blushed at that, kissing him back, “Hurry up and cum so we can go to sleep.”
“Thank you.” he gasped out, pressing his forehead against the cold metal before he placed his lips against it, kissing the armor in the spot where her mouth would be.
Soldier dad: I know he gets difficult at times but this is no way to behave
“Don't even joke about that.” Steve said, pushing himself off the bed, “Come on, Darling.” he looped an arm under her legs and another around her shoulders, lifting her off the bed bridal style, before he carried her to the guest bedroom. He plopped her down on the soft mattress gently before he lied down beside her, pulling the covers up.
Irondad: AND WHAT DO YOU DO???
He held her tighter, his cheek placed lovingly on the top of her head, “I love you. And I can't wait to start a family with you.”
Soldier dad: Badly
Irondad: Ned says you left his house ages ago
Steve put an end to it, knocking the man unconscious, but not before he was hit with a blast of red energy that did nothing at the time so he just brushed it off.
And again.
“Come home.” he groaned out, tucking himself the best he could back into his pants.
Not two minutes had passed before Natasha was fast asleep, her adorable little snores music to his ears. And Steve quickly followed behind.
“...Fair enough.”
He didn't try to fight the tears that were starting to roll down his cheek. With a sniffle, he kissed her. It was messy and wet, but it was her. She kissed him back, hesitant and slow, but it was enough.
Steve let out a sigh of content, after sex cuddling never got old. “I was in a sex crazed mania and you were there for me. I promise I'll treat you extra specially over the next few days while your body heals.”
She simply glared at him, “Always an over-achiever.”
They both let out a collective sigh of relief as the rut was finally over.
And enjoy she did. Steve gave as good as he got. Even when he was under a sex spell and had the right to be a little bit selfish with his release, he made sure Natasha also got pleasure out of it, making her cum over and over again, to the point where they were close to being tied for number of orgasms.
Steve propped himself up on his elbows and assessed the damage, “...Yeah, that's fair.”
Ned: I feel like after all the Captain America video’s the school makes us watch, i would be numb to his disappointed speeches.
Soldier dad: So maybe you should call them back
“Come on, Darling.” she said, voice an octave deeper, “By some miracle if you haven't knocked me up yet, make this last one count.”
She tried her best to think of a retort, but with being fucked so hard, she found that to be difficult. Not to mention, as she begrudgingly admitted, Steve was right.
Steve explained, “Before this, I-I could feel the pleasure but it also felt like I was a bit...numb. Like there was something keeping me from feeling you completely. I think it was so that I don't get too sensitive to the point where I cant fuck anymore. But now-”
“It’s ok. Not your fault.”
But, that wasn't to say their lovemaking was anything to sleep on. He cherished those moments as well.
The first time they had sex, she was a bit worried that his massive member would fit, but her fears were for nothing. Steve was so gentle and patient, making sure she was comfortable before he pushed in, inch by inch. It hurt, of course, but not in a bad way. It was a pleasurable stretch, an addictive burn and before she knew it, she was hooked.
The three dads watch in disgust at the video of a paparazzi harassing their daughter, Petra, ready to start world war three over it.
Steve's thrusting got faster and faster, Natasha's cries bouncing deliciously as he fucked her, hard.
His hands moved on their own accords and jerked off again
MJ: Was it not?
She loved him and she loved being intimate with him. Tonight, he fucked her every-which-way. He fucked her multiple times against the wall, over the kitchen counter, on the couch, up against the giant window, in the hallway leading to the bedroom and countess times on their bed. And she let him, enjoying the ride.
Peter: he chewed me out when I got home
“Huh?”
“T-Two more.” he stammered out, his hips automatically thrusting again, but just small ones that simply nudged his cock back and forth. He didn't want to hurt Natasha, no matter how badly he wanted to keep fucking.
Steve stumbled into the bathroom of a random hotel, fingers trembling as he undid his pants. He pushed them down, along with his underwear and his hard, leaking cock sprung out at full attention. He cursed silently as he took his dick in his hand and started jacking off furiously.
MJ: Wait, which dad?
“Ew, you’re so gross.”
Peter: because I am still a developing teen who occasionally behaves in such a manner
“The fu-Steve! I’m in a meeting right now!” she hissed,
“Oh, fuck!” she yelled, her body tight and twitching, grabbing onto the sheets with a deadly grip. Her pussy clamping down so hard was too much for the man and he came too, shooting another load inside of her.
Soldier dad: For your other dad’s anyway
“What- ah, fuck- What’s gotten into you?” she looked at her husband. His cheeks were flushed, his pupils blown open, clearly horny. And if that wasn't enough, he was practically naked, wearing only his underwear, where it was clear how rock hard his cock was.
Peter: but I just didn't say anything
“Yeah,” he chuckled, “And now i can feel everything.”
Captain dad: Peter, honey, please pick up your phone
He would spend the rest of his life making sure she never feels that way again.
God, he loved her so much.
Desperate.
He was on a mission, a spontaneous quest to stop a sorcerer who was terrorizing the town.
Thankfully, she did:
C- Civil War
He looked her up and down, “Do you want to shower?”
Peter: Iron dad
She smiled as she switched her position, grimacing as she felt the cum swirl around inside her, to cuddle him, her face snuggled into his neck. He wrapped an arm around her, kissing her cheek
“Well, you’d be wrong. Which just proves my point.”
Natasha keened, clearly loving the dirty talk, so Steve continued:
Peter: In my defense, I was still mad at you
“Yeah- ah” his hips twitched forward, “Hnnng- It’s so hot...and wet. Fuck it feels so good inside you.” he kept thrusting, again and again, “One more time-please-Natasha-I need-can you?”
Irondad: If it is, this is a terrible way to win an argument kid
Peter: and I might have gotten stabbed and passed out
The only person he could think of was, of course, his lovely wife Natasha Stark.
Natasha grit her teeth, her gauntlet’s blasters flaring up with enough power to hurt him permanently. Why wasn't he moving? Why wasn't he running away?
“Even if I ask you to make me bed and breakfast?”
They went at it ruthlessly for two minutes before finally, it hit them. Natasha screamed, toes curling as she came again, the intensity of it making her eyes roll back into her head.
“Even then.”
Peter: They gave me different versions of the same speech
He pulled away enough to groan out an explanation: “Villain...Magic guy hit me with something...Have to fuck you, I need to fuck you.”
Pretty dashing, if he did say so himself.
“Me too.”
“Excuse you,” Tony huffed in reply, busy handing a roll of toilet paper to Peter, who seemed to have calmed down considerably. “The only lesson I’m teaching my son is to stand up to bullies.”
– and everything descended into chaos from there.
Just as Tony had suspected, it was only a few weeks before Natasha told him that she was going to introduce him to Bucky. In those few weeks, things had progressed between her and Bucky exponentially, stupidly fast to anyone but soulmates, to the point where they were practically living in each other’s pockets like Tony had been before. Tony thought he would feel a little turfed out, but he actually found that seeing Natasha as happy as she had been over the past few weeks was completely worth sleeping on the couch and covering his ears with pillows once the…
“Yes, sweetie, you can all have your things,” Steve replied. “Are you completely done?”
A few minutes later and he was clearing his throat again, this time to get Rogers’ attention. “I’ve found a way. It’s not perfect, but it could work.”
It was darker than usual inside because of the windows, but it was usually pretty dark in the club house anyway. Someone – Bruce, probably – had lit a bunch of candles, and somebody else had fed the meter, because the electric lights were flickering.
“And if it’s not up to my standards?” Tony asked, leaning forwards a little in his seat, finding himself smiling.
, he wasn’t quite sure – when he stepped on something small and cylindrical, and suddenly went toppling backwards. Tony made a
“You look fine, okay?” she rolled her eyes, and then paused. “Maybe put a tie on.”
“’Round my eyes,” Peter decided quickly.
So maybe he had a little bit of a problem.
And just like that, the message cut out. Steve stared at the helmet for a moment longer, not really sure what to do with himself, and then he finally took a deep breath.
Jumping to his feet, he started to wade his way through the throngs of people after her. She held her drink very well, certainly, but there was no way he was letting her walk home by herself this late, drunk or not.
“Too late!” Peter replied excitedly, spinning on the spot.
“He’s really out of it today, huh?” Steve’s Ma laughed, peering back at Steve.
His life was crazy, and he loved it, but it sure did get
“Happy birthday,” he whispered.
“You sure?” his Dad asked, a confused frown on his face. “I’m sure they’d be okay with –“
Grabbing a dish towel from the counter, Tony took a handful of cutlery from Steve and started to dry them. They worked in a companionable silence for a few minutes, exchanging the occasional kiss as Steve handed something to Tony to dry. He could hear the kids playing happily together in the other room, could hear cartoons blaring away on the TV, and he felt completely content with his life.
“Exactly,” Steve nodded, playing along. “We’d have to quarantine them all.”
He couldn’t hear what anyone was actually saying, what with everyone shouting at once and them being elevated on the stage, but he plucked a song out of his head that he knew was on their repertoire and grinned again as he turned to Steve.
Stepping out of the elevator, he ran for his room and slammed the door behind him. Collapsing onto his bed, he curled up into a ball around one of his pillows and began to sob in earnest. He didn’t know how long he lay there, but it felt like an eternity before he heard a gentle knock on the door.
“Um…” Steve hummed. “You’re friendly… outgoing. Erm… you obviously care about Natasha. You seem intelligent, and… you have nice eyes.”
Tony texted back quickly.
“Merry Christmas, my favourite boys,” Tony hummed, and Steve couldn’t help but smile.
“Ugh,” Tony grunted, flopping forwards onto their bed. “Don’t remind me.”
Tony stared up at the huge, intimidating, wrought-iron gate with disdain. It was so big, so imposing, that he could barely see the uppermost towers of Rogers Mansion beyond. With a sigh, adjusting the briefcase in his hand, he tried the rusty bell again, unsure why he was surprised that he didn’t seem to be getting a reply.
Cap’s expression softened, and he gave Tony a gentle smirk. “It’s always sexier when a stranger saves your life.”
“Then you have to go to bed, buddy,” Steve replied, petting the top of the little boy’s head. “Come on, you gonna come have a story?”
“Fine,” Steve replied with clenched teeth, and then seemed to forcibly make himself take a deep breath. “Thank you.”
Steve and Natasha arrived back from their mission Halloween morning, both absolutely reeking of sewage (Tony didn’t even want to know what the hell they had been doing) and exhausted, but safe and well.
