“Even if it’s a mess it’ll still be the best human house I’ll have seen,” Castiel says.
look over his shoulder, at where he imagined someone with vengeance in their eyes and death in his future. Greet his family and not doubt that he will see them later.
Cas glances out his own window, stopped at a red light. While night had fallen, the grand houses were clearly visible. Painted a pearly white that somehow glowed. Subtle extravagance, like well-manicured topiary and balcony windows, that spoke of leisure. Old money didn’t demand attention, instead commanding it. They were reminders of
“A dead
Shifting, Cas rolls off Dean and onto his side. No sooner than it started, those flames eating at Dean’s insides tempered. Became a more manageable heat, containable. Dean tucked himself against Cas’s chest, hearing his heartbeat. Awed from that simple rhythm it gives. Lulls Dean with a gentle song. “Jack,” Cas explains. Rubs Dean’s shoulder, along where his handprint was. Teased the edges of his tee, part of his memorial tattoo revealed. Cas traces his palm outline. “In fixing Chuck’s mistakes, he… he mounted a rescue mission from Heaven.”
Dean hurries faster, fumbling with his keys. Cas notices how his hands tremble, missing the lock. As he stands inches from Dean, back still facing him, Cas is given a perfect view of Dean’s grip failing. Keys clattering to the ground below. Dean, shifting on his feet, avoids stepping on them. But he doesn’t bend for them. Frozen, leaning on his car, growing and shrinking with ragged breaths. “Why can’t you…” His head dips, vanishing. “Why can’t you leave me alone?”
do this.”
“Alone?”
Dean bristles, any warmth towards him chilling. “Don’t act like you know anything about our relationship,” he says. Teeth grinding together. His gaze darts away for a quick beat, frowning, “I wouldn’t have asked her to marry me if I wasn’t serious. Some people still like doing things the old-fashioned way. Instead of… taking any random stranger into bed.”
“You two got into another fight?”
“You don’t have to,” his husband growls, “you can change here –“
Would he stand outside all night, if Mia stayed quiet like she was, and think she abandoned her practice and skipped town halfway through his question?
“I find that hard to believe.”
balancing an angelic civil war while pining for a man who was better off
“He sure did show that…” Chuck huffs, rocking on his heels. Smugly enjoying Cas’s defiance. “It sure didn’t include you.”
One final block and the stranger’s pace relaxes, too. Cas carries on, and strolls by him while he chats with a vendor selling fruit outside his storefront. When he reaches the next corner, Cas lays himself flat against the edge. Peers around said edge, locking onto the leather briefcase that practically announces its value with how it beautifully reflects the late sun’s glow. Then his gaze drifts nearby at the gun tucked carefully away under his suit jacket. The handle peeking from behind the flaps when he pays the vendor for a banana. He turns and Cas hides again. Listens for the telltale clicks of his heels growing closer. A black wingtip shoots forward first, and Cas spins into the stranger with careless force. Knocks them both onto the ground, files fluttering around them after a very convincing nudge from his pointer finger.
“Cas!” Even with the extra help from gravity, Dean couldn’t stop the pinprick tears tracing their way down to his ears, wetness setting his skin aflame. He choked on a sob, the rubber band of his body snapping and recoiling into itself. His shoulders shook. He squeezed tight to his stomach. Dean closed his eyes, but inside that shuttered darkness was Cas, emerging from the portal. Cas with the blade in his hand. Cas with a blade, poking out his chest. “Oh… oh, God…”
“Next time,” Cas promises, flicking his blinkers on again, “
Andy last saw a woman in a billowy white shirt handing flyer after flyer like the one Jack had on an unknown street corner in Los Angeles proper last time he ventured there for a concert. “I remember her, of course,” Andy boasted from the passenger seat of Cas’s lemon-yellow Pontiac GTO, face pressed against the glass like he were a sunflower. “She had these big tits, and you could tell she was a bra burner if you know what I mean.”
.” Not willing to throw away the food element, he tries to fit it into different situations. A high-class venue would be uncomfortable for all of them and eating drive-thru in the car would be disrespectful to her.
“That’s not what I –“
. “That don’t matter,” he coughs, shaking his head. “What’re you doing here?”
s’stupid as you look.” Dean waves, flagging the bartender for his next vodka. “Why don’t you take your
He blinks back into awareness, Dean much closer than he was earlier. “What?”
If that was how he wanted to do this.
Wrapping Cas with these curtains will take a lifetime.
.” Fury boils his blood, and the lust for violence that accompanies his anger blurs his senses. Nick flickering out of focus, replaced with a more familiar man. Older, with snow white hair and smelling of dried ink. After a few deep breaths, the haze of it all fades. Cas climbs off Nick while still able. “You’re a real fuckface.”
man in the room.”
Dean cannot argue with this. He doesn’t feel too inclined to move yet. “For them,” he says, closing his eyes. “This isn’t about us, anymore. It’s about all of them. The world… our family… Eileen and – and
“I went underwater,” Castiel tells him, “It’ll be faster, safer –
“That’s… better,” Dean says, “Like I can breathe.”
“And leave my marks alone? Right…”
“Travis?” Mia sighed, running a tired hand across her face. “Travis Hodgins. He’s someone I’ve been seeing since… since I started my practice. Lost his daughter to cancer, and his marriage to the grief of it. He was… he was getting better…”
“This… isn’t a team,” Dean spits, “you’re working… with the Empty.”
prowess or
struck a chord inside Jack, like he had seen or heard it earlier. Used in a very similar context. “...Of course.”
.” Dean surprises Lucifer with his response. No attempted denial, nor misdirection. His gaze unflinchingly pierced through Lucifer’s vessel, pride bolstering its blow. Lucifer cannot detect any shame that usually clings to his soul, none of that smell lingering. He’s
He finally reaches a new section of the house, descending stairs with heavy footfalls. Halfway down, however, he spots a few more familiar faces interspersed with the crowd of bodies Dean and he had previously been part of. Ducking, Cas peers between the bannisters at lost-looking federal agents.
“That’s good,” he says, letting the tie slip from his grip. Nick hits the bed with a soft thud. “How much of her do you remember?”
“Coincidences…” Jack says again, jaw hanging in awe.
“What if I…”
Cas tries the first door he sees, across from the bathroom. It creaks open, Cas wincing the entire time. Waiting for Dean’s questioning call, he relaxes when there isn’t any.
Castiel grins, “Sweet like honey.”
“You saying I did this to myself?”
“Think of all the animals that died because you wanted to chew on their flesh!”
reading it?”
Shrugging, Dean turns from his and Jack’s heavy stares. Looks at the pooling egg yolk again; focuses on that spreading mess. “Cas said about as much, before the Empty… had this whole speech that I – it felt like I was being peeled away. Called me out for… it all feels so meaningless. Is that what it felt like, with Eileen? Being with someone who can see through you and make all this big stuff seem – well, seem not so big anymore?” Sam agrees, as much. “There we were Billie hot on our heels. Waiting for death, and he spits out the most beautiful thing I’ve ever heard. I almost forgot what was going on. It was just him and me… him seeing – seeing
Alone, Cas strolls into the larger living space. He opens his as-marketed refrigerator and grabs the carton of juice inside, checking the date. Deeming it safe, he chugs the remainder of its contents and slams it on the counter. The satisfying sound of empty cardboard hitting a hard surface doesn’t echo, though, interrupted by an obstacle.
, but we don’t give illegal substances back after we take them.”
“And the Empty’s trying to take Chuck out!” he argues, “So, enemy of my enemy is my friend or all that nonsense –“
The millions of authors from around the world agreed with him.
Already she drew out her answer too long, and either she spoke in the next few seconds or fled to her bedroom where she’d stay awake until morning, hoping he left. The latter didn’t appeal to Mia. She promised herself that she finished running. That it wasn’t what Mia wanted to do, not anymore. Mia cleared her throat and pressed her finger on the button again. “Sure. I’ll be down in a moment.”
Dean’s mouth drops open slightly. “Returned?”
“Or!” he added, fist hammering Jack’s phone further into the wood, “use this, this damned app – if this is what it turns you into!” He huffed, hands retreating to steeple at his chin. “You think you’re raising a kid right… raising a kid to be accepting
“I guess something has to.”
Dean barked out a short laugh, throwing his arms around Cas and creating a three-headed, twelve-limbed Harrison Ford monster staggering around the Bunker’s halls. “One day, Cas,” he answered, “I’ll get to it. Not like we haven’t got years ahead of us for me to hang it…”
The universe intervened, however, as someone in a plaid jacket ordered the posse to ‘stop harassing the local vermin’. Situation diffused, Cas allowed a moment of relief before it’s snatched by the older cop. His ass hits grime while shadows parade by in good cheer. Patting each other on the shoulders and making more jokes at his expense.
Which is why Cas won’t waste either of their time. “He’s not wrong, isn’t he?”
‘em. Messy, sure… but it gets the job done.”
“Is that why you’re here?” she asks, whispering. Canines flashing in a wide smile, “Are you on a case?”
Cas shuffles to the sink while Dean sets the next scene. Grabs a cup with leftover drink still inside while Dean describes how seeing Sammy felt, dumping it as he glossed through the effort of convincing him to share a quick bite, and then fills it with water he greedily drinks while Dean complains about the eatery Sam chose.
“No, too far would be the shit I left a few blocks back outside the movie theater.” Cas’s joke earns no laughter, Dean’s dimples deepening the further his lips pull taut. Sighing, Cas levels with him. “I had to go, and this seemed like the easiest place.”
Damn Adam, for talking him into this. The placid cadence of the First Man wreaked havoc with Dean’s judgement. Lulled him into a false sense of security. Now that his armor’s been cast off, Dean realizes how terrible an idea this really is. Briefly, Dean considers turning tail and jumping back into his outfit. Pretend this never happened. Play dumb. But then Adam emerges, parting the beaded curtains and motioning him towards a table set up in the middle of the room. Dean trudges along, window of opportunity slammed on his fingers.
The logic makes sense, even with a force as tricky as magic. While they were hard to control or predict, they followed their own set of rules. Castiel had read about different enchantments wearing off when the objects tied to the spell were removed. Still, the idea of Dean returning to his normal form sends an icy chill through his veins.
He sighs, shooing them over so he can join them. Cas plops onto the couch, leaning on his fist. “Jimmy’s that mad?”
kind of stuff. Hell of a lot better than my dad was, though… still not the best. But I’ve been getting
Dean carries on, unaware of Cas’s struggles; ensnared in his own. “I woke up and he wasn’t there… Figured, maybe he passed out at a bar or… got locked in a drunk tank. Pretty regular habit for him, 'specially near the end. But as the day went on, he didn’t show. Didn’t get any phone calls, either. When I checked the bar, he wasn’t there… the police hadn’t seen him. I went back to the motel and, like with Sammy… the duffel –“ Sniffling, Dean’s hand slips off of his. “Didn’t know what I should do with myself, then. Time all… blurred together. Stopped goin’ to work… eating… nothing seemed worth doing. There were stretches of days where I could barely get off the bed.” Darkness edges around Dean’s gaze, scaring Cas. They simmer threateningly. “All of that made the motel manager angry, though. Ran out of money for the room and practically forced me from his property. While I was gathering my things – he… he threw them every which way, I came across this picture of us. Probably the last picture we took when we… when we were a
that I hate him, but I don’t know if there’s anything I can do to fix it. And I can’t stop thinking about you, because you
Dean nods, walking to the passenger side. From his hunched shoulders, Cas senses this conversation has not ended. Delayed, certainly. But the lid on this box can’t stay closed forever. Especially after Dean bled his history in Cas’s apartment. Trusted him with the darkest parts of his past. A glimpse into Cas’s own family only begs more questions than they have time.
“I stole them,” Cas shrugs, centering himself in case Dean reacted like he did in front of the church. Preparing for a return to hostility. “The day you brought me in for questioning.”
“I’ve learned from my first draft,” he says, “not to let surprises derail the story I want to write. You, you… you are nothing
She rolled her eyes, “Yet here we are.”
He crosses his arms, pouting. “You’re gonna have to suck that up. So the Empty wouldn’t send your boytoy, do you blame them? For a broken, little thing he sure is popular. Who’s to say Cas’d come back once this all wraps up? At least the Empty trusts
“Dean.”
Jack comforts Sam blandly. “Sam. Please. You don’t need to –“
“Huh,” Cas says, “I guess great minds
.” They both flinched, her voice brokering no argument. The target of her disappointment threw his hands up in surrender, leaving them and helping clean. Billie pinches her brow, chest expanding as she breathes in deeply. On the exhale, Cas sees she returned to a more pleasant demeanor. A hollow cheeriness, on further examination. She hides her exasperation with his presence much better than her friends. Leaders are most known for their diplomacy, which she exudes alongside confidence and strength. Billie is a commanding presence.
“The amulet,” Castiel whispers, “works both ways apparently.”
?” A frown dragged every wrinkle and crease forward on the bartender's face. He clarified, “A beer. What beer do you have?”
Sergei giggles nearby, “I always enjoy when he visits. Provides much amusement, like walking video box.” Then, mirth fading, he looks to Cas. “You, not so much.”
A group of protestors were brought in, filtered through the system while being processed. Long-haired types who caused a ruckus by gathering outside a restaurant hosting some white-collar event. Yelling, screaming – actions incongruent with their peaceful appearance. And preaching many of the same buzzwords Cas has heard floating around these past few weeks.
– what with the Bunker and the Jack of it all. If Sam offers to hold down the fort for a while, what kind of partner would I be if I didn’t milk it to
sex shop, with an unobstructed view of the abandoned building. All five stories boarded up.
“He loved those things, when he was little.”
“Is that what you tell her, after every advance you turn down?” Cas speaks without thinking, hand pressed above his crotch, “To every girl you’ve ever seen.”
“I’m not surprised,” Dean says, “the stuff I do? My body’s been through the wringer.”
Dean played with the ends of his leather vest, staring at himself in the floor-length mirror leaning against his bedroom wall. He hunched over, neck bent at a half-angle so his whole body might fit inside the frame. They purchased it months before, he and Sam, at an estate sale they happened upon while driving home from a hunt. Sam bitched about how goddamn awkward fitting the mirror inside Baby would be, but they made it work. It helped that Cas opted against joining them, thinking three people too much a crowd for this simple salt-n-burn. Dean drove the rest of the way back with his reflection three inches from his face, then sat it where the mirror stood today without considering hanging it.
“More?” Kelly asks, brow raised, “What ‘more’ do you need?”
“I’ll come with,” he said, gaze trapped on his feet below, “Jack will, too. That’s the best I can offer.”
“There’re worse things he could be doing, like drinking,” Sam defended his brother, “at least he’s
Dean stumbles to lean against the wall, one hand pressed against his mouth as if to prevent vomit. Jack ignores his theatrics; already sure Dean won’t be doing any of that. Instead he focuses on the entryway where the third player should be coming in at any moment.
Kaia steps into the fray, grabbing Claire’s wrist. “Wait, a glass from the kitchen?” she asks, “What was inside, was it the punch?”
Castiel hisses, throwing his arms out wide and crouching at the intruder. A taller man with long hair stands under a darkened archway; grip tight on a smooth club. His eyes dart from Castiel to Dean, startling when it reaches the latter. “D…Dean?”
“I only help those that deserve it.” He shoves Cas away, spinning on his heel. Gestures around them, “No one on this Earth – in this
“I could ask you the same thing.” A hot wave of fury blistered Dean’s face, transforming the terrain and leaving a barren, ashen wasteland in its trail. Dean stormed away from him but didn’t move far. He hovered by the door to the lobby, fiddling with a wooden statue. Sam let him. That he remained in the room spoke more to his willingness of hearing Mia’s story than anything he’s said this past hour. Sam turned to her, “You were aware of the deaths in town?”
Jack writes, and he’s happy.
And Dean, with a stack of coupons in hand, showed Jack the merits of sniffing for bargains with the same ferocity served to find demons, vampires, and other monsters.
Someone approaches, lays a hand on his elbow. There because it hovered over Dean’s shoulder and chose a different path. Dean felt how close it came to fitting over his angel’s mark. Heard a sharp intake of breath after they noticed it, confirming Dean’s suspicion. “Dean,” Sam says – of course it’d be him. He recognizes his little brother’s voice. Especially when he forces confidence through his tone. It lacks, however, as an undercurrent of worry threaded through it. “Dean,” he continues, “what happened?”
“Holy fuck,” Dean growls, wincing at the loud music blasting through speakers, “what the hell are we supposed to do now?”
anymore, too!” The rambling joke falls flat for both of them, Dean’s voice trailing off. He’s planted both feet on the ground again, and pulled his arm down so he can twiddle his thumbs.
“Me?” Cas blinks, startled.
The agents share a look. While Mick tastes the bait Cas dangles in front of him, Ketch remains unconvinced. With no surprise, he passes on Andy’s offer. “Okay,” Mick says, though, “what have
, as Sam prattled. “Look, Dean, we… I know our thing is – our thing is
“You need me,” Castiel continues, “I doubt even if I drew a detailed map you’d be able to follow it safely. The deep has many dangers the likes with which you don’t know and would rather not face.”
“Castiel? Castiel…
No good thing was meant to last, he supposes. Cas can play the role Dean imagined for him, donning a feathered headdress so his ‘cowboy’ can battle with the ‘indian’.
Not him. “I bet you’d like that, too,” Ketch smirks, arm pressing tighter against his chest. He fiddles with the collar of Cas’s shirt, clammy hands dipping underneath and meeting skin. “Free love freak. Probably sleep with anything that has a pulse.”
Sam, at least, was aware enough to briefly mime an apology. His face contorted into a pained expression, exaggerated to better mangle his earlier fury. However, that’s smoothed and replaced with sterner features as he detached himself from his words, and the ugliness that they inspired. He stood tall, committed to the outburst, and from the curl of his scowl, Dean wouldn’t expect him to take back what’s been said. It will linger like the other ghosts.
“One year ago,” she admits, “While his grades were slipping and that was cause for concern, it wasn’t like he was failing. Jack had different interests, and since he wasn’t hurting himself I didn’t pry too much. He just… stopped caring about getting the highest marks. Only getting enough so he could graduate and, well that’s really when this whole thing began.”
He tried wrapping an arm around her, but she shoved him off the bench they sat on. Standing, Janet gathered up her bag. "I helped
about it first –“
Near the end of one story - a special one where Castiel was included, an unfortunate oversight in a good chunk of posts - he noticed a small note. The author included it after finishing their story, and Jack would have been remiss if he ignored it.
At least he won’t deny. “It’s okay –“
Cas briefly weighs his options. He shuffles forward, uncaring how he bumps into Dean. “High time,” he says, flinging open his door. “Make yourself at home, I guess. Mi casa es su casa…”
of reefer on her the next day, you’re paying to have her cleaned.”
Shaking his head, Cas busies himself with opening cabinets. Reveals a half-drunk bottle of vodka that smells worse than rubbing alcohol. He pours two fingers into a glass for Dean, only one for himself. “Will this do?”
so given how you’re
Still, Cas plays the game. He relaxes, parting the clouds on his face and flashing a sun-like grin. “Good afternoon. Are you Eve Roman?”
He barely focuses on anything that wasn’t his thoughts as he makes his way from the hallway, swatting at them like flies. Buzzing about minute details he should have pressed Rufus on before he ran. If there were any teens at the meeting, or carnations? That damned flower asserted its importance numerous times, from the hippie chick to Roman’s file, and then the box in the precinct’s record room.
- the four manage to sit together and share a meal free from the bloody history of ancient walls.
“Not even a way home?”
“She…” Dean’s shoulders stiffen, fists tightening at his sides. “She’s never seen it.”
Cas grinned, snapping, “That’s the one!”
“Yes?” He waits by the open door, a foot already inside. Dean squirms from the opposite side, staring at the passenger door like it could open automatically. Seasons change during the time Dean fights against his hesitation. Sun reappearing in the sky, warming the area. Melting their icy tension.
Eve scoffs, “Working man, through and through.” She takes a long, first drag off her cigarette, blowing the smoke through a tiny puncture in her lips. “Come, we can do the interview on the terrace.”
Sam’s call stirred him from that horrid trance, urgency reminding Dean of all else that happened. Of Crowley’s sacrifice, of the portal closing, of mom on the other side; those events crashed into him like a terrible wave, washing him out into a roaring sea that denied him any sense or reason. Standing, legs ready to give out on him at any moment, Dean stumbled towards where he last heard his brother.
“Nowhere far, just off the dance floor.” They reach the perimeter, crowd thinned and weak; Cas releases his hold on Dean. Shrugs his shoulders, blessedly smiling at him. “Where you go and... what you do next, well – that’s up to you.”
Dean quits his squirming soon enough. “Cas?” he asks, “What… why’re you holding me like that?”
“I’m sorry for you loss.” The perfunctory statement rolled off her tongue as expected. At least it sounded sincere. “How recently did she pass?”
, Castiel. Like always,
Dean scowls at him. “We’re doing the best we can, okay? No matter how much information we collect, how much of the group’s literature we gather, we still don’t know where they’re based. No matter how many kids we let them grab –“
Finally, Cas moves onto the last drawer. Bigger than the other two, he slowly slides it so the hinges won’t scrape the floor.
well, alongside some perks. And the training isn’t so bad, took me a few months in the academy and I’ve been on the streets for almost a month.”
He stills, clutching at the towel with both hands. Frozen with an unnamed emotion Dean swears isn’t fear. Staring with wide eyes at Adam while the other man waits. Finally, he breaks the silence, “Can’t you just… do my shoulders?”
Castiel bounces while Dean drags the process out. He sticks the key into a ‘lock’, twisting it before resting his hand on the ‘knob’. “Welcome,” he says, “to Casa de Winchester.”
.” His fist crackles with pain, shaking from the force of his blow. Luck deciding whether or not he fractured any of the bones there.
“Good night, Dean.”
“Picnic?”
Luckily Cas is no defenseless creature.
“No, thank
“So Sam,” Mia pointed with her pen, “did this disconnect affect how you processed your mother’s death?”
Dean reaches for his free hand, clutching it in his. “Cas… I don’t
He needed this.
Sam glances at him, a crease in his brow that hadn't marred his face in weeks. Shaking his head, Jack slips a friendly mask on. “Nothing,” he assures Sam, jogging up to them, “Just… I’m hungry.”
“Now I would have loved to meet that Dean,” Cas chuckles, nudging Dean’s ankle with a pointed toe, “hippie in the making!”
Claire squints, studying him. “Everyone needs someone to look out for them.”
“You got a point,” Dean mumbles, rubbing at his eye, “Fine. What do you got for beds around here?”
Dean slams his hands on the table, startling him. “Dammit Cas,” he hisses, meeting him halfway across the table, “Can you
“God,” Dean groaned, slamming his head on the chair’s backboard, “If I have to hear that word one more time, I swear I’m gonna scream.”
Dean worries his lip, looking the type of panicky that would blow their cover. He catches Cas’s stern glare, however, and does as requested. Like a snake, he sheds his nerves all over the lawn. Adopts a looser posture as he did back in Jimmy’s house. Although Dean’s smile seems more forced than before, and his twitchy hands are noticeable even hidden as they are in pants pockets. Little things that won’t get them busted; but will definitely distract Cas. Divide his concern between two mysteries. “Better?” Dean asks.
our veterans… guests of honors listless, lost, dead behind the eyes. If I didn’t know Dick before he was shipped off, I might have given him some leeway – some understanding. But we were engaged in the days leading up to his deployment. I knew full well he had nothing in him. Saw the dark pit where his heart was…” She pauses, shifting in her seat. Faces Cas once more. “I still loved him, though,” Eve reveals with a firm tone, “A true love. Because I knew what he really was before he…”
“A cop?” Kaia hisses, stepping out of his hold, “You’re a cop?”
isn’t my home –“
…” He grins, advancing towards him. “How is Jack doing?”
.” Sam stumbles backwards, news dealing its own damage. Jack stares at Dean, jaw hanging limply. Gaze wet from threatening tears. “Was it…” his brother coughs, regaining his footing, “was it Billie?”
to guide me and all his other followers into a peaceful new millennium of his own design.”
“…letting go, forgetting all that noise, that’s what you…”
Closing his eyes, Sam rocked back on his heels. He rubbed his neck, feeling every strain and ache from the past few days weighing on his body. “Of course we aren’t.”
Cas grins, “A lot of the time I rely on the kindness of strangers within the community.”
Cas smirked, “Clarence.”
Cas faces his personal funhouse mirror, slowly raking his gaze across an alternate universe. Hair cut short and combed, jaw shaven, and eyes clear like a summer sky bordered by bulky glasses. Jimmy must have changed for the night, a deep red, satin robe draped over his shoulders, and pristine white pajamas underneath, paired with navy slippers. The corncob pipe completes the image, wraps Cas’s nightmare in a neat, little bow. Of a life Cas might have had if he never left.
.” The words stung like jellyfish toxin, Castiel untangling his fingers from Dean’s instantly. “Reported back to me before I sent her along with your brother Gabriel alongside her.”
Cas hums, glancing at the snack table again. He hadn’t left. “I think I’ll grab some coffee before I go. Maybe a donut.”
“Twelve-thirty. Don’t be late, Mr. Ted Gaines managed to squeeze you in before lunch.”
isn’t…” He sobs, grabbing for his father’s wrist with his other hand, “I meant what I said. I’m tired of fighting of – of going around in circles. We’ve played out the same fights thousands of times… I can’t ask you to be blind to what it’s doing to us any longer.”
“I remember feeling like how you described when I chose to take on grace again and become an angel. There were things I missed… that I couldn’t experience without a soul,” Castiel tells him, “However there were also other things that I could still do even if I had no soul. I leaned into them – leaned into
“He was your friend, Sam.
way. A
“Not important.”
questions!”
that they put you in and keep you there for so long that… that you…” Kaia hiccups, hyperventilating.
, maybe even fall asleep under the stars. In all of America, Adam and I’ve found they don’t
“How big.”
Cas stares at him from behind his shades, unaffected. The skimpy uniform an antidote for his commanding baritone. “No,” he says, and then spins on his heel. He walks towards steadier ground trailed by the squeaking ladder on which the lifeguard uses when climbing or leaving his station. Cas smirks. Option one then, today.
“Because manners mean fuck-all on the streets,” Cas’s head swivels, left to right. “Which way’s the watering hole?”
than every other Earth, of course it’d be harder breaking that. Too mature, set in their routines… And Amara, she was finding herself. Dean was a passing fancy – entertainment, nothing more. But
He shrugs, fiddling with the button of his jacket. “Was wondering if you might have any information on Dick Roman?” It’s an innocent question, but not the truth.
What he wants to be, though, is left alone. That doesn’t seem likely. Not with how Roidy gloms onto Dean’s side, an arm curling around his shoulders. Not if his biting smile meant anything, tearing through Dean’s dismissals. Not as Roidy whispers, barely audible because of the music, “If you’re going for discreet, I can do that… play along, that is. It wouldn’t be worth it if it were easy…”
“I think I saw him in the laundry room.”
“No one waiting for you at home?” Cas glances at his hand, noting the thin line where a ring should be. Nick ignores him, hiding his hands under his legs with a dour expression shadowing his face. “Oh, raw nerve?” he asks, feigning an apologetic tone, “You have no one? …Or there’s someone, and they don’t know you’re here?”
Chuckling, Dean opens a bleary eye. Rimmed red, most of the green overtaken by his black pupils. “You tryna get me in your bed, Cas?” he asks, staring at Cas’s chin. “Boy… I must be dreaming, huh?”
The cops left, and the crowd dispersed, until Cas stood alone in the forgotten crime scene with garbage, stains, and an smoldering cigarette. He snuffed it out for Dean, then made his own exit.
is your idea of a punishment, right?”
Nodding, Cas hopped the yellow police tape and marched over to a cluster of officers sharing a smoke. “Hey,” he said, “fellas, do you have a moment?”
Chuck talks over him, “It’s the truth! I didn’t plan anything… the only one to blame is
Dean arches a brow. “What about me?”
. Need me some sleep.” Dean loops behind Cas, grabbing at his waist. Duffel slamming into his legs and making him laugh. Sam and Jack giggling as well. “Although who knows if we’ll get any
Cas’s mouth thins at his review. He doesn’t falter, instead chuckling. “It’s a good thing we’re avoiding alcohol and not cigarettes, then.” Like in the group, his joke earns him no favors. “Right…” Cas brings the cup in for a swig, bitterness exploding. “Woah,” he coughs, drawing back, “needs some sugar.”
Dean grimaces into the camera, mouth wrinkled with nervousness. Eyes looking like an overly weeded lawn, green frail and sickly. His arms were wrapped around the shoulders of another, a woman with fiery red hair twisted into an intricate up-do that presses itself against the side of Dean’s face. Her blood colored smile sends a shiver through Cas’s body, tongue peeking out from behind unfortunately stained teeth. Unlike Dean, her focus was lost on the tiny gemstone perched on her finger. Tiny enough that Cas must squint to see the jewelry.
“He was my client,” Cas explained, waving the envelope again, “Paranoid bastard, thought his wife was cheating on him and hired me to get the proof. After my investigation, I found his suspicions were correct… and I was on my way here for the other half of my pay when…” No use beating a dead horse.
Who would she be if she turned him away, hunter or not?
. His shadowed future. He answers, instead, with, “I will always do whatever it takes to keep my
While Jack might not appreciate Dean’s ultimatum now, he will later on in his life. Dean imagined a future where he and Jack, much older than they were in this moment, sat on a porch swing talking about how good a job Dean did raising him to be a decent human being, as Jack’s partner, whose features he couldn’t distinguish from such a distance in their front yard, played with their son, named for the man who set Jack on the right path, obviously. He was knocked out of this fantasy, unfortunately, by the lumbering footsteps of his oafish brother.
“Good thing we came to get you, then,” Cas said, “Otherwise we’d never leave.” His eyes trailed toward the mirror, obviously checking their reflections. “Though I can understand why you were having issues.” His hands crept slowly up to Dean’s shoulders, drifting closer, sandwiching Jack between them. “You should make more of my outfits. You know my body so well.”
“Whoa, sorry man,” Cas offers a wide smile, sprawled over the stranger. He pulls his bangs away from his face and mimics the tonality of his neighborhood, “are you okay?”
Cas slides the carton to the left and sees the amulet in all its negative energy. Unlocked by the blow, it twists around the bright, hazy edges that come from morning sex.
Castiel’s breath hitches, eyes bulging out from his head. “You’re a parent?” he asks. Already the images float into Castiel’s mind, of Dean with a little child cradled in his arms. Cooing at the creature, maybe another by his side. A faceless amalgamation of different humans he’s seen over the years, someone who would help him raise his child.
Dean kept his judgment close to his chest but offered up what she asked for. “I dropped Sam off at the motel with… with the kid, then I took your ex past city limits. Dug a shallow grave, struck a match – that paint enough of a picture?” She nodded. “Thought so. Sorry ‘bout your rug, by the way. It was nice.”
“I like that. Do you want me to walk you out?”
On first glance, Dean wonders if that statue perhaps came alive. Journeyed from wherever it stood, in that town whose name he can’t summon up, to save him. Except that’s impossible. That statue is most likely there, forever guarding the bathroom. Blue Eyes is a man with his own history, parallel to Dean’s until he jumped in playing hero. But why?
“I have a meeting with Mrs. Roman?”
“Shut the fuck up Novak. Just get in.”
character development. “Deserve it, after that dick move you pulled earlier.”
First and foremost a janitor must have swept through at some point in the day. There were no cobwebs or dust bunnies hopping in their natural habitat. Hunted into extinction with how sanitary it looks. Shiny, polished, hard wood floors. A deep, red couch stationed between two bookcases. Two desks with lamps flicked on and half-eaten tacos forgotten on top –
’ me?”
Dean finally notices Castiel and leaps over to him. “Cas!”
Dean recoiled like he’s been slapped, squeezing the keys so hard Sam can see his hand visibly tremble. Regret rose to his ankles and then, as if a dam broke, it’s at his neck and Sam struggled to breathe. He looked from Dean to Jack, the baby’s stare was still trained on Sam like he waited to see what he will say next. Like Sam will have an answer that fixed
deserve a second chance? Is it even a
said it back, I was too
“Then why do you look so troubled?”
“One of our last fights before the divorce… I’d gotten fed up with his drinking. You’re probably well acquainted with his affair with booze, if you’re committed to this research schtick.” Cas concedes to her observation. “He always said the same thing… it’s not his fault. His mom didn’t hug him enough, and then when he was eighteen his father shipped him off to Korea for the war.”
“Take you,” Lucifer cuts him off. “Take you… Sam, and Jack. I step even an inch out of line and we all get sucked into their being, with no hope of actually
“Do you know what kind of book it is?”
session.” Nick squirms but stays tightlipped. “Or,” Cas sighs, “we can forget manners and I get rough with you?”
,” Meg rakes her gaze across his overly covered body. “You working a case?” He nods. “Figures… although I have to say, this is a cute cover. What was the story? Hired accountant that was sent by the IRS? Radio ad salesman with a great pitch for a new station? Flasher that didn’t get the memo?”
“What happened?”
Cas hunkered in an outside café, listening while two men carried on with an underhanded deal that would break the newly sworn in Environmental Protection Act. While he recorded their conversation with a smartly placed microphone, Cas also took his own notes of what he could hear. Which explained why he didn’t see her until Meg appeared in the chair across from him.
“Yeah,” Dean adds, “
Sam gives Dean his attention once more. “Seriously though, we were all so worried. Bobby’s been out on his own boat searching… and dad hasn’t been to the bar since we first heard the news.”
He and Dean wash onto shore, both weak and hyperventilating. Castiel scrabbles for purchase on anything solid, finding none of that on the soft, sandy beach. Pulling himself up, Castiel stares down at where his tail should be only to see two legs and a strange length not unlike Dean’s.
that was obvious.”
, Jess?” Dean doesn’t laugh, snarled lip suffocating Lucifer’s airy mirth. “You’re no fun.”
brought me back.”
“I wasn’t going to wear this, obviously,” Cas growled.
His mood sours further. “Really?” he whines, “There’s nothing here?”
On her way towards her bathroom, the intercom buzz annoyingly sprang to life.
the creepy building, the moment I was waiting for happened. And I made sure I wouldn't waste the opportunity.”
Walking away from their conversation, Cas beelines for the table. Flashes a friendly grin at the older man when he grabs a cup. He scowls in response, sipping at his drink. “Good coffee?” he asks, pouring himself some.
. I’ve never felt anything like it and… I’m scared, but also happy and
Clown fish wriggle in his hands aware of their fate. However he doesn’t eat them. Instead he turns around and offers them to a horrified Dean. Castiel’s head tilts to the side, confused. “What?” he asks, a piece of scale flying out from his teeth.
Pie. A delicious treat, Dean said. Gooey and flakey and filled with love,
Webb scoffs, “Sorry,
“Okay…
It doesn’t deter Andy. He talks alongside the singer like he’s part of the band, filling in the off beats with colorful commentary. Biting his lip, Cas rolls his shoulders and ignores the building pressure at his temple telling him to bite his friend’s head off. If he lost Andy now, how would he get his weed?
His struggles continue outside the police station, however, when Cas notices a familiar van surrounded by a group of blue, starched uniforms. Cas tips the brim of his hat lower while jogging over where Andy argues with a younger fellow, fresh from the academy if Cas guesses. The fuzz of his peach barely sticking up where the cap ends.
“This would be your first picnic right Jack?” Dean chuckles, elbowing him lightly in the ribs, “Maybe we should bring a camera, put it in a scrapbook?”
He parks haphazardly on the edge of the crowd of cars, behind a van where two stragglers pass a joint between them. They wave, the one holding lifting their hand in greeting.
Josie scoffs, nudging her husband. “I wish. Never wants to discuss
“Sorry,” Dean lays his head atop Cas’s, watching him peel away the envelope’s glue. “We’ll have tons more holidays and anniversaries to celebrate in the future… I just didn’t want our
conned. If what Rufus mutters mean what he thinks, then the abandoned building where Cas
creative. If they used Cas’s embellished message, he would think of them with an inch more respect than he currently does. Although Cas’s finger runs over the typed print where it says, ‘Formerly President of Roman Ventures, LLC’. “What are you up to now, Dick?”
been through, it’s the least that I’m owed. I deserve to… I – I don’t deserve
“No. There were other nifty things in that paper, like the address of the building he was staying at –“
“So,” Dean says, “this is it, I guess.”
.” Cas kisses Dean’s crown, continuing his story. Whispers it into his head. “All the angels. Jack rescued us all.”
Recognition is mutual. The man – Pierce, his nameplate supplies – chokes, pounding on his chest. “Shit, what are – what are you doing here?”
From there he realized humanity was more complicated then the little boats he watched.
“You’ll be able to breathe well down there,” Castiel smirks, “You are a
“Right? He never liked it, though.” Dean snorts, “Always felt it was a baby’s name.
Josie nods, “I didn’t know there was such a thing as a freelance police officer?”
“No,” Cas sighed, producing an envelope from his back pocket, “He was supposed to meet me here, pay me for a few pictures I took for him.”
“Thank Poseidon you’re back to yourself,” Castiel sighs, letting go, “I almost lost you back there…”
Photographs were an important part of his job, making up nine out of every ten cases. With that being said, sometimes he took
“’Bout this many,” he answers, hand open. Dean hums, considering the number. “Maybe one or two more. Or less? I must’ve lost count…” He shrugs, sipping at his latest drink. “S’okay, though, I once drank this meathead trucker under the table. A whole bottle of ol’ Jack at this… roadhouse off a highway somewhere east a’here.” Vodka sloshes with each gesture while he retells the story. “So I’ve got
? You think…” Dean didn’t finish, speechless at the insanity Sam presented. He and Sam, raising Lucifer’s kid? He and Sam, sheltering the baby who ruined their lives? He and Sam… “I hate to break it to you, Sammy,” he continued, his voice returning, “but this ain’t the nineties. We can’t have it all,
like to come in?”
His joy infectious, Castiel’s grin stretches farther the more he watches Dean enjoying himself. Now acquainted with the ocean, Dean’s timidity sheds as he swims around the area. Dean dashes over to a school of fish, reaching out as if to touch. Before he could they break apart and swim away.
“And you?” Cas asks Kaia, “Are you going back to Margie?”
“Dean, hush –“
“No, you’re not.” Cas drifts backwards, sullenly, “you’re trying to ease your guilt from the path your
Drop a kudos, a comment, or both - I'd love to see it!
Cas sees no fault in that reasoning. However, “officers and
“No!” Castiel finally breaks from the guards as he rushes down to where the amulet is.
“Yes,” he turns to Mick, “the longer you stay like that, the more you might find you enjoy it. From then, it’s a slippery slope towards dropping out. And what would our nation’s capital do without
Castiel sighs. “I think I’ll wash up as well.”
Noticed, he shuffles further into the room and towards the group. “Yes, Dean said we were going out…?”
He sees the threads of the story she’s unraveling and pulls in her stead. “You did mention his
,” Ted says, “Please, sit. I hope I didn’t keep you long?”
doing that.”
– they hardly know where the fuck they are. Never mind whatever shit comes out of their mouths.”
He dips after that, scurrying out the door and towards his waiting car. Shucking the jacket and balling it up under his arms. While rounding his car he begins taking off his shoes, hopping, sighing in relief when bare feet meet asphalt. “Fucking torture…” Cas throws them inside and then sits, turning the ignition. A second after hearing the engine he slams on the gas pedal and kicks up dust.
But, until Sam frees his boyfriend from work, he must wait. “What’s the point of being
But that night… Did he ask about missing persons because he wanted tips on staging his own disappearance, or was there something more Jack kept from him?
this.
“Get a grip, Novak.”
files. Where… did
“Can somebody please do something,” he begs the universe, “otherwise I might need to knock some dominoes over myself…”
want to do? I want to keep working this case with you.”
He squeezes the files tightly, shoving them up his shirt for hiding. Tucked safely under his armpit Cas begins his awkward march.
“Whenever you’re ready…” Cas bounces on the balls of his feet, waiting. Watching Dean for what he’ll do. With a scowl and set jaw, he looks ready for a test instead of dancing. But soon he shakes his hips, and his fingers wiggle somewhat. One arm shot forward, dragged down as the other takes its turn. “Oh wow,” he says, chest swelling in wonder, “I… I am very glad we did this.”
“Sam?” Dean asks, glancing at the door. No one answers. “Sam is that you? You forget your keys or…” He checks his phone. Nothing.
“No one does.”
Ted spun on his heel, hands waving like crazy. “No, no – absolutely not. Actually, your concern is commendable, really. But after he was let go, he didn’t… he didn’t do anything like that. He, ah…” He walks back to his desk, leaning on it. Searches the air for what he should say next. “He lost touch with reality.”
“Do you have a towel or something?”
“So you could be let in on the Fed’s secrets?”
“Oh, I’m there Clarence!” Meg humps his face, come spouting and splashing. Cas removes his fingers and cleans as best he can with his tongue. Only paper towels can’t sop up an oil spill.
Shaking his head, Cas closes the drawer. He tugs on the ends of his hair while working overtime thinking where Dean might have hidden any
Panting, Sam whipped around to Mia. “Are you good?” he asked, advancing.
it’s something I’ll have to do. I mean – that I’m looking forward to…
figurative. Because of you, I wanted to be a better person. I wanted to be good. But I never believed I could. Then you tell me you loved me…
Kaia leans back, flicking the locks and opening the backseat for them. They collapse, Cas on top of Dean, their legs tangled and hanging.
“The only shady thing you’ll find is the stock market itself,” Crowley said, snickering, “If they wanted to invest their money wisely it’d be better spent on taking financing classes and not on you for a pointless goose chase.”
a place to rest, motels eating too much of his shoestring budget. Trolling campuses, digging through records for a trace of Sam. Hearing the lengths Dean went for his brother encouraged a ghost of a smile. Hidden as Cas leaned back on his hands, sitting on the floor after standing became too tiring. Enraptured by how electric Dean looked recounting a run-in with campus police.
They push forward, swimming side by side. Castiel paces himself, knowing Dean’s limitations. While he learns fast, there’s still awhile to go before he can reach the level most merpeople are at around their age.
He opened it ready to research the perfect hobby for him. His problem came in where to begin. Instinctually, Jack wanted to type in the problem at hand. ‘Nephilims without souls looking for hobbies’ was a query with no results. Stuck on square one, Jack had only the Google homepage as company. The face of an artist or scientist celebrating their birthday waits for Jack to begin.
The more he focuses on the amulet, the more he’s reminded of its owner. One of the last people he wants on his mind. He places it back on the counter, abandoning it and thoughts of a freckled detective again. Walks towards the door with serious intent. Freezing only because he feels the amulet’s blank stare pierce his side.
“Back when you…”
From Dean’s reaction, he hadn’t anticipated such an answer. “What?”
It flows much easier after he simplifies his story. He pushes past the block clogging his creative visions and lets the faucet of his imagination flood the page. Jack knows he is on the right track by the delicious burn crackling behind his eyes. Each added word like another piece of kindle thrown onto the fire.
“That’s why you need to lay it on
. How I hate – why does it all come down to
Cas digests all she said and finds himself still hungry. “Then Jack leaving?” he asks, “That was all about college?” His question makes the skin on her ring finger start transitioning from pink to a deeper shade. “If that were so, do you think he might have just left to start his own life? To stop burdening you with looking after him? Maybe he went to college without telling you!”
Dean circles the skeleton studying it. His fingers brush up against the weird draping filled with holes. Sunken holes as dark as an abyss stare back in an almost similar, morbid fascination. “This is so cool…” Dean murmurs.
“Castiel!” his father yells, swimming closer, “Castiel you take your hands off of that thing –“
Dean stops, and so does Castiel. “Cas,” he starts, rubbing at his arm, “I… I need to thank you.”
“Am I wrong?”
Nothing. Peeking from behind the pickets, he sees the entryway abandoned. Further inspection shows no one waiting in the yard. Calming, Cas allows for a breath of relief before climbing over the fence. When done he readies himself by securing his hands on the wood. He lifts, flinging his leg over. Prepared for the shift in weight Cas anticipates gravity’s antics and rolls off, sticking the landing.
“Dean just… what happened?”
baby, cooing sweet nothing that tumbled out of him as if they were sand in a broken hourglass, shards mixed within. Dean spied a rocking chair in the corner and, with Sam’s piercing gaze studying him, Dean collapsed into it.
“It’s a nickname,” Dean explains, “You… don’t have nicknames?”
men. Dad never danced, not even at his wedding. Even though mom begged, dad would tell them that he remained firm in his decision. “Never trust a man who dances,” he advised, Sam asleep feet from where they sat, beers in their hands. Dean was fourteen. “No man
“He’s on vacation, right now.”
“Get out of here Novak,” Dean orders, any lingering amicability fading under the icy touch of using Cas’s last name. “Leave these types of cases to the professionals. Stick with what you know, like helping your buddies find their missing cars.”
“If that’s how you wish to describe it.”
Sergei shrugs, “Right on.” He disappears into the house, Andy joining after shooting a deathly serious glare Cas shrugs off with practiced ease.
Next chapter coming at you at breakneck speed (because I had this done anyway)
“I wish I did,” he told her, wincing, “Only heard about the midterm paper last night… but that’s what happens when you opt out of attending the class.” His lame joke drags a sneer from her lips, but she helps.
. Never left his house if he could help it… and didn’t care if you were a trespasser or the milkman, he’d come at you with a loaded gun and not stop until he pulled the trigger.” Cas looks at Claire’s face in the rearview, “What the hell is Creaser doing hosting a
hold if their fingers weren’t tangled, thumbs safe because of their distance. Purposes served elsewhere gently brushing the skin on the backs –
Cas heard the plaintive yearning in Dean’s voice, entwined with his mania. He needs to know one last thing, “And the others?”
time.” Dean rolled his eyes at Sam, then wretched himself free from Sam’s hold. Sam steered the conversation from there, “Sorry about him. We were here wondering if you might have an opening today?”
than hunting,” Castiel sighs, “It should be fun.”
Jack frowns at the sight, perplexed. He repeats their confessions to himself, wondering why they would try and recreate their union. They already told each other of their feelings the day prior. In the library, with him and Sam as witnesses. Dean and Castiel stormed in while they organized the books, yelling over each other. The fight was baseless from what Jack could tell, since their lives were relatively quiet these past few months. But they snarled and pushed until finally Castiel had Dean pressed against a shelf, kissing him. After that they couldn't keep their eyes off each other.
“Nevermind… let’s shake a tailfin.” Dean darts ahead, Castiel pushing himself harder to catch up.
“Felix,” he asks, “Should I be a writer?” Felix slithers around as if he hadn’t heard him. “Hiss once for yes, twice for no.” Jack strains to hear Felix’s response. Normally one to voice his disapproval the snake chose to sit in silence. Like a conscious objector. Finally Felix offers him one long, unbroken
“Sorry, I’ve been meaning to pick them up from the embroiderer’s.” His joke does him no favors. Kelly draws the line at reprimanding him, however, dragging a chair and sitting a few inches away. She grabs his leg and, despite protest, hefts it onto her lap. Dabs around the wound with meticulous care. “Y’know,” Cas says, “you don’t have to do this.”
He swatted away the bad vibes, focusing on objectivity instead of letting them bog his awareness down. If the main door proved fruitless, there must be another way in. When he checked the alleyway, Cas saw no secret opening or a hidden fire escape. But there were two other sides to these squares he had yet seen. Cas opted for the easiest and rounded the corner.
“You weren’t here a second ago!”
Sam strangled his wrist, now, Dean’s fingers numbing because of his brother’s impassioned grip. “We’ll make sure. We’ll raise him right.”
“Well, you should. It’d do you a whole world of good.” His opinion strikes a blow against solid steel, crumbling into dust. However, Cas now knows its weak point and abuses that privilege. “Y’know, it’s pretty
, but this… it’s so spicy. How? What kind of soap do you use?”
“It’s not like we can exactly advertise it as such,” Billie shrugs, “if we put it out there that we were hosting an
“Especially.” Cas holds his briefcase up and pushes at Dean with it. “Now, are you done harassing me or should I expect a charge?” Dean steps aside, granting Cas access. “Thank you.” Cas opens a barrier between him and the detective with his car door, tossing the briefcase inside wildly. He climbs inside and jerkily starts the engine. Before he can flick on his signal, however, Dean knocks on his window. Cas sighs and, despite thinking otherwise, rolls it down. “What?”
annoying!”
Still, drop a kudos and a comment to let me know what you think!
. Still… wasn’t expecting you to turn into a shark then and there.”
This eased his opinion of her – not because Cas thought he deserved credit. What she did made him retire that fake identity, no longer viable for use. But the group who hired him abided by their word and paid him, which was all he needed. With some cash to burn Cas let his curiosity pull him in her direction. Caught Meg outside her office and suggested they split the money.
Sam sighed. “Everyone we lost knew what this was about,” he told Dean, “knew how it might end. They were ready to risk their lives for this.”
Their shadows move. He senses them leave, sunlight returning. Bringing with it more memories. Of how it felt first hearing Cas say it. A natural glow that lit from within. Snuffed in Cas’s next breath, as Billie’s fist pounded on the door, and when the bitterness of Cas’s declaration hit his tastebuds. Dean grasps for that feeling, basking under the sun. Pretends it’s Cas giving him that gorgeous, soul-shattering smile. Encouraging him into his final battle. Telling him it’ll be over soon, he’ll be done, and that he loves him.
Any minute now.
Kelly told Cas she went through his stuff. “Didn’t think she would clean house…” Cas shuffles towards his desk, eyeing the brochures and pamphlets
Dean scowls, “You and Ms. Kline have a… prior relationship?”
As an angel, Cas doesn’t sleep. Can’t dream and cannot have nightmares. In moments of peace, sitting alone in his room at night. Bathed in darkness… that memory strikes. Quick, cutting in its ruthless appearance. Sets him to his feet, light on and blade drawn. Watching shadows shrink in their retreat.
Tossing the towel over his shoulder, stain-side up, Sam finished fastening Jack’s diaper. His nose scrunched from the wafting odor, and he audibly gagged because of it. Leaving Jack on the bed, Sam whipped the towel off and dumped it into a waiting trash bin. Then he wrapped his fingers along the bottom hem of his shirt to take it off in one swift move.
Dean splutters, causing Castiel’s small giggle to become a full laugh. When the noise dies down, he finds Dean watching him with a tiny grin of his own. Castiel skews his head to the side. “What?”
“Dean girls… Sam girls…” Jack squints through the paragraphs of fans detailing their support for the Winchesters. Fans who thought of their family as nothing more than characters in a book or urban legends, fighting over interpretations. Some comments had pictures attached that if he were still human would turn Jack's stomach. Reflecting on the explicit imagery Jack doesn't know whether to be glad or horrified that he can work up a fierce blush.
“You’d know if you bothered to visit him.”
When writing Jack picked the first idea that came to mind. Experiencing it, though, Jack didn't truly realize how much his fathers needed a day like this. While his body hasn't required food for a while he ate everything handed to him. From the small bowl of salad Sam served to the piece of pie Dean cut. No matter what he should have tasted, it was all sweet to him.
“I don’t want to be saying anything,” she tells him, legs spread wide over the trench coat, “In fact, I don’t want
He smiles, patting Pierce’s cheek. “Because I’ll put in a very good word in with your bosses about the lovely evening we shared so many weeks ago.” Cas grabs his cheek before he can talk over him, voice a deadly whisper. “They don’t have to believe me. But once the seed’s been planted… you’ll be under a microscope, pal. Smallest of missteps might send you up the river, and I doubt you can manage keeping it
“Hey stranger things have happened…”
He pauses at the door, turning. “Sorry about the mess, my secretary’s been out for a while.” Cas walks through the door first, giving the room a cursory scan.
“No one that I’ve ever known.”
information. This isn’t punishment, it’s called
dark. But there’s
where I’m supposed to be.” He points out towards a length a good distance away. “This is where we set off, the ship that is. My home though… it’s a little further in.”
“Not that I’m ungrateful or anything…” Dean sighs, biting his lip. “Why are you doing this? Helping me?”
“I… I was…” he swallows, “I was looking for Cas?”
“And what did it cost us?”
Cas snorted too roughly, nostrils burning. Embarrassment crept up after his unbidden amusement when noticing the genuine curiosity on Dean’s face. “Really? You saw how they treated me a few minutes ago.”
“What did you say?”
“Pepperoni or Pepperoncini?”
When she dropped the last piece of dead skin into the tub, and her body fell silent as the hum inside quieted, Mia examined her appearance in the mirror. She compared what she saw with the picture. “Not bad…” she coughed, voice and octave deeper, and with a similar twang she heard Dean and Sam speak with earlier. Mia approximated this detail, like she had the height.
named after my grandma…”
One of the things I did enjoy from s13 was widower!Dean and his grief arc so... don't be surprised that I've included it here. Dean and Jack will have a complicated relationship, even if Jack is a baby now.
, especially after I…” His words bottlenecked on his tongue, and through great effort did Dean spit them out. “After I admitted
Dean claps him on the back, easing into Cas’s space. Lifts his duffel, twining the fingers on Cas’s free hand with his. Drops a small kiss on the seam of the other man’s lips – another rarity. He told Sam about their final moments in that closed room, the Empty closing in on them. Confessions of love ripped from their beings in the seconds where they were still together. Then saw those repeated declarations of love as Cas returned.
“Yes, we do,” Cas insists. Continuing over further protest, “About the cult. Who was there…?” Nothing more, he doesn’t say. Nothing that Dean wouldn’t feel comfortable talking about in the sober light of day. What was learned in the shadows remains there until Dean wants to drag them from that prison. If he even carried them out of his room.
Sam,” Dean drags him into another hug. This one less awkward than the first, Sam anticipating it. Mirrors his actions, returning the gesture. “For always being by my side, and inspiring me to find a better choice. I wouldn’t be here without you.”
“Still…”
His gaze travels, next, towards the television console. A snort dies in his throat when he sees how the lace doily overhangs and clings to the screen. The mirth dies when he looks at what sits on the doily that keeps it from fully slipping off. Cas steps over the coffee table, shortening the distance between him and it.
Dean launched himself at the pirate, picturing a brown beard instead of black, and a grayish blue eye where a black one was painted. He smashed it with one punch, face splintering and spraying everywhere. Dean continued wrecking it, nearly destroying the door in his fury. Aiming a final blow, Dean hit the sign off the nail and sent it flying from view.
The only difficulty in their retreat was tearing Dean from the dance floor. Like an over-excited dog, Cas fought the other man. Keeping a firm hold, not losing him in that crowd again. Wrapping an arm around his waist, Cas better manages in restraining him. They hurry through the threshold, leaving the swirling stronghold of negativity and strangeness in their wake.
Kesey. Vonnegut. Ginsburg.
“We just got out of class with him, and he handed back our papers… and s
“How come I’m not seeing them ‘till now?”
that,” he growls, “Somewhere on Artesia, near this really big, abandoned building.”
He finds the perfect tool by a water cooler: young, distracted, and reminiscent of an ineffective scarecrow. Cas shuffles over while the officer chugs from the tiny plastic cup in his hands. Watching him suck every last drop like a gerbil in a cage eases the worry in his stomach that his choice could prove dangerous. “Hey, excuse me,” Cas says, “can you help me?”
Jack preens at the compliments. Knowing they were his own words doesn’t lessen the feeling it evokes. It also aids the twisting of his stomach as he understands exactly what hearing Sam say that means. “I’ll be happy to lead our next hunt.”
“Crowley?” The line cut off before he could thank him. He frowned at his phone, hanging it up. A glance at the clock told him it was hurriedly ticking towards ten, and Cas had to hurry.
recently, but I’ve loved you way,
“Do you? Universe speaks in strange tongue… often times we misinterpret, hear what we want,” he laid a hand on his shoulder, squeezing it, “I give clear translation. Tell you what you might not know is being said… or want to hear even.”
Dean’s head whipped around so fast she felt the breeze against her now-hairy forearms. “Wow,” he chuckled, a grim sound that didn’t rest easy, “you really look like him.” Mia moved to sit beside Dean, her hands off and in her lap. “So,” he continued, “do I call you Mia, or…”
“You had other plans.”
stomach cramps. Told her she can go while I deal with my business, and then I’ll head out on my way. Except she must have forgotten to leave a key for me, so I can lock the door after myself! I didn’t want to leave her front door all open like that.” Cas pouts, pressing a hand up against his mouth. “Someone could take advantage and break in.”
He takes a hit and drops into the seat.
“What was that?”
He sees the grassy knolls of Dean’s eyes shake with how close they are. Pulling away, Cas’s good humor deflates. “Sorry,” he says, “I’m allergic to authority, and following the rules gives me hives.”
Cas scratches his head, chuckling. “If I’m not too careful, I’ll start sounding like those kooks down by the bluffs…” But paranoia isn’t in the driver’s seat, instead comfortably tied up in the trunk. His instincts have their hands tight on the wheel. They tell him the trickling stream of consciousness holds merit unlike others he crafted over the years. Especially because there’s more backing them then flashes only he sees after intense smoking sessions.
“Good.”
“Cas,” he whines, fighting with the music to be heard, “we shouldn’t be wasting
The paper in his grip crinkled under a crushing grip, Cas hoping the other line won’t go dead, face dangerously close to the faded dial pad. Finally, he heard a sigh and, “I will go get her.”
in it. I almost…” He chokes, coughing through his next sentence. “I can’t believe Sammy’d do this.”
is what I’m supposed to be doing.”
Then he looks at their voyeurs, watching from the sidelines. “Was this what you had planned all along?”
a little miffed she didn’t score higher.”
His eyes are shut tighter than a clamshell, as is his mouth. With puffed up cheeks, Castiel chuckles at the sight of him. Laughter draws Dean’s eyes wide open. He gapes at Castiel, and then swims in a tight circle while examining the sea.
“There is so much about humanity that is confusing,” Castiel says, swimming away, “…it thrills me!”
Dean blushes, puffing his chest out. “Even if it
His attention drifts, and the moment fades. A man in a dark suit stands at the door of the abandoned building, stalling too long for any casual reason. He slips a key into his pocket, tips the brim of his fedora further down, and snags a waiting briefcase on the sidewalk next to him. Then the stranger begins his exit.
won’t judge. Unlike your little friends jerking off to this shitshow like the voyeurs they are.”
“That’s very unfortunate,” she nodded, “and… coincidental.”
Sam’s uneasiness swiftly returned. “What does that mean?”
“Okay?”
“Well, come on, you can do that later,” Dean tells him, “We’re going out!”
Changing tactics, Cas decides the back of these slides may expedite the process. He sits on the bed and begins nudging the ones in his hands every which way, scanning the short messages. Most of the slides he held were named in an unhelpful manner.
of the pieces missing. Then, she comes back and with her are those little pieces that complete the picture for you. Suddenly your mother isn’t much of a ghost or an ideal. She’s a person” –
are hip.”
“Sometimes people just don’t work,” Dean tells him, “and no amount of forcing it is gonna fix it.”
His gait evens out when he hits asphalt. No longer stomping for balance, with bits of sand leaking onto his old leather as he sank. Cas leaves a trail of it the more distance he adds between him and the beach, following him, only crumbs stuck between his toes left when he rounds a corner. He doesn’t mind since everyone always carries a little bit of the beach with them. They have to. Inescapable if you live in Mar del Vista.
Dean raises his arms, readying a response. Cas braces for an impact. Oddly, nothing comes. His arms hang limp, fight bleeding out his frame. “Fine,” he says, “you want to call me the bad guy? Go ahead. Because I am. I’m bad – a
“It’s the only thing that makes sense?”
Sam watches Jack open another Word document, quickly typing out a short story. In his reflection, Jack sees his eyes glow golden and he smiles. Pressing on the ‘period’ key, he turns to stare at the closest doorway.
me… Yes, we may have argued from time to time… he made our trip
Climbing onto the beach, Dean stands at his full height. He looks as beautiful as he was on the island and every moment in between during their journey. The moonlight shines across the water, highlighting his features so Castiel can etch them into his memory.
“Duly noted, Dee. Thanks!” Cas hurried away, going up the first set of stairs only because the librarians were still in view. However, he cleared the other two levels reasoning that he might learn a little more about his latest mark. At least enough for a fake conversation before he sucker-punched the professor about Lake Shasta nearly 20 years ago.
. “I guess.” Sam’s mouth thins, inspecting his brother very carefully for any hex bags or weird markings. “How’d you get it that length so quickly?”
“Freaky… but I can do that. It’ll cost you, though, seeing as the parties around here are
take feels homophobic.”
. Overwhelmed by the lights… people and the music… and I was
Silence crowded around them while the others processed Jack’s work.
Sam rolled his eyes with so much force they rattled inside his skull like a novelty magic eight-ball, his hazel gaze landing on him, answer written neatly, ‘
Sam carried on and moved to Jack, stepping over the couch to reach him. As he did, he noticed the younger boy’s tantrum lessened since the height of the battle. He appeared tired, his cries weaker with each release. His cheeks were red, and his eyes –
“Oh, when it was on my underwear it was fine?”
Despite what a whirlwind these past few minutes felt like, Dean laughs. Giggles become snorting which become happier tears rolling across his cheeks, tracing over still-damp lines and erasing them from sight. He clutches his phone atop his heart, figure bent as he now wheezes.
“No, you,” Cas interrupts, dancing closer. Caging him in, making him listen. “You have probably never had fun in your life. No wonder you’re the way you are! I mean, when was the last time you just danced for the hell of it?”
“That only he has feelings and he might have overstepped, even though it was your writing. I haven’t talked to Cas yet but I’m sure it’s the same.” Sam tangles his fingers in his hair. “It sucks, not knowing what to do. I mean how do you get two people to talk who are more stubborn than a brick wall?”
can also be a million miles away.” Adam kneads
“But your brother is grown and on his own now,” Castiel interrupts, “can’t you go and do what you want with your life now?”
“When, uh…” Dean and Cas bend their heads together, “It was definitely sometime during that hike, right? Because that’s when Serafina mentioned she was ordained. I just can’t remember if it was before or after we skinny-dipped in their secret spring?”
dragging him further down. Aided by long buried skeletons he thought were laid to rest, years of avoidance wrecked by a few minutes. His joint slips out his fingers and onto the pavement, Cas uncaring of his lost grass. He hears footsteps behind him.
“As if.” Dean sighs, “Stuck around with the old man for another tour or two. Every time I thought about leaving, I’d just… remember that night. Not getting a goodbye… how bad I felt and, no matter how he tried hiding it, how broken dad was, too. The drinking got worse after that, and it’s not like the fella could survive on his own. So, I picked up the slack. Felt nice knowing
“I thanked him for the offer,” Cas says, “however my place was elsewhere,
☮☮☮☮☮☮☮☮☮
“Dean,” Cas stands, walking towards the other man. His arms raised soothingly, a gesture of friendliness in lieu of a white flag. “Hey… I think you’re veering off the road there,” he says. Tentatively he rests his hands on Dean’s shoulders. When Dean doesn’t retaliate, Cas guides him to where he sat. “Come on,” Cas whispers, kneading at the tense muscles under his suit jacket. “Take a few breaths, now.” And, as he couldn’t resist. “Maybe on some grass? My offer still stands, if you’re interested… it’ll definitely help.”
“Good!” Dean stands, racing away, “We don’t have all day -
“So,” he said as she lit the cigarette and took a long drag off it, “you set up shop in a town, and at some point… your patients start dying and you have to move?”
“I – I think?” He sets his glass aside, sighing. Shoe’s heels tapping on the counter from where he rests them. “That whole conversation is so fuzzy… like I forgot everything the moment you showed. The whole night’s a blur since we got there, really.”
“Well, usually I know the names of the men who buy me drinks. Especially those who buy them for me after I’ve scared off pervy creeps.”
Dean startles from where he stood, jaw tensing. Mouth flattening in a thin line as he glares, “What?”
Jack knew that these works were supposed to evoke some type of response, but all he saw within them were ways in which fantasy differed from the reality he knew. Dean and Sam had never become mermaids, gone to space, or met someone by the name of Sherlock Holmes. They would have mentioned it to Jack, Dean especially given how frequently he discussed killing Hitler. Although after some dedicated online research Jack could understand why Dean wouldn't discuss those adventures. Their personalities would definitely clash.
Dean into doing something dumb and suicidal when you’re gone. Sell it! Make it count – it’ll be your
Silence. Then, “…
Dean nods, dropping another kiss against Cas’s lips. Rises with Cas, uncaring that the towel fell. He already felt more exposed from this simple massage. Modesty seemed a… a moot point. Cas slips between Dean’s legs, wrapping him in a hug. Dean returns it.
“No time,” Cas says, stuffing the rest of their bodies inside the car. Slamming her door shut behind him. “Drive, Claire. Drive!”
Meg leans back and blows smoke upwards, showing off the curve of her neck. “Maybe it’s like that. Whatever she’s hiding that’s more important than her son’s safety is because it’s about her. They say grass messes with your head… but self-preservation is an even fiercer drug.”
that made it so I could skip my last year. Then I started making money so my brother could have enough for whatever college he went to.”
“That is…
Without looking away from his porn, Sam chews on one of the burnt pieces. “Yes, you want some?”
“He’s not my friend.” Cas didn’t expect anything less. Hearing it still
Cas busts his nose, blood spluttering out the nostrils in an unsatisfactory trickle while the skin puffs. Shouting above Nick’s cursing, Cas says, “Yes. He was also your
“Dead?”
Cas bends the knee, pouting. “Well that’s too bad. I think us meeting was meant to be – you know everything happens for a reason.” Snatching the banana that tumbled off to the wayside, Cas holds it out for the other man.
“Hmmm?”
“Anyway, if all the hippies cleaned up their act, then the police will find they have no one left to beat up.” She sighs, adjusting the ashtray. “I guess you can say the same about me and my kids or… or me and Dick. I never knew how much I could hate the man if I didn’t love him first. Hate him for leaving and being able to leave… if I did want to dump my kids, do you know what they would say about me? Nothing what they said about my poor Dick. That it was only a matter of time he left, because I’ve given him girl after girl. Who will carry on the Roman name and, more importantly, who could he play a game of catch with? As if Addison’s love of softball means nothing. He and every other man like him abandons their lives the second it gets rough, and I’m told to suck it up because it’s the life I chose. To be a mother… it’s like going to Vietnam, in a way. Those who go are heroes, remembered and celebrated. They followed orders, even if it cost them their lives. The wimps who dodge the draft… you’ve seen the homecoming they receive.”
“…Would you look at that?” Dean murmurs, “What is it…?”
Dean and he trade glances, the other man showing
Cas scrambles out of his car, barefoot, barely closing the door as he follows his mark.
Someone clears their throat, drawing Cas’s attention from his embarrassment. A woman rises from where she sat on the farthest point of the circle. She brushes her hands on her jeans before folding them behind her. “Hello,” she says, smiling, “Are you here for the meeting?”
“Sure Dean,” Cas says, “a total drip…”
not my type of scene.” Then, with false cheer, she ends their conversation. “I’ll call you later with a list of the grooviest gifts you can give her. Talk to you soon, Uncle Cas!”
“Like Spiderman?”
“As long as you’re not looking here, kid.”
He does. He should. Blue Eyes listens for Dean’s answer, chin dipped patiently. Roidy’s is, as well. Both wait on him, Dean the difference between favor and disgrace. It’s a non-decision. He eases into his savior’s warmth, improvising by slipping his thumb through a belt loop on the other side. “Exactly,” Dean says, “you’re all I need, sweetie.”
Luckily Cas knows someone who can help. He fights with his thoughts, keeping them at bay while instincts steer Cas to her apartment. Once parked, Cas peels off the stifling flannel, balling it up and shoving the shirt in his backseat. Cool air brushes at his skin as he jogs the short distance towards the phone booth.
“Oh, I think I do,” Dean growled, advancing, “otherwise you’ll just keep going on killing.”
“When you start taking
yourself, make yourself into a success. Show that you deserve a job in my company!”
“Excuse me,” Mia interrupted, drawing Sam away from Jack to her. He kept his thumb and forefinger looped around Jack’s wrist. “You didn’t
“Cas,” he says, “you all right?”
“Leaving town?” Dean jumped onto that last statement, clinging to it, “Only guilty people leave, y’know.”
Casually, he crosses the street and retakes the path towards Kelly’s house. Except Cas doesn’t stop at the door, jumping over the flowers and onto the lawn. Hurrying to the fence that separates the front from the back. He scans the surrounding area, nothing pinging his radar. Then, with great force, he launches upwards.
okay?”
surprising.”
. He lifts his hand in a mock salute, peace sign resembling bunny ears with how lazily he holds his fingers. “Peace and
“Just because you look like my friend doesn’t mean you
Cas awoke with a start. The ringing of his phone disturbing the peaceful blankness of his dreams. He groaned, rubbing at his eye while twisting on the couch. Cas had not made it very far when he arrived. His phone kept screaming at him while he crawled out of unconsciousness, blindly groping for purchase on the handset. “Hello?” he said after finally finding it. Yawning into the receiver.
“Amethyst,” Dean says, shrugging, “Kinda basic but… when Adam was explaining what they all meant, this one reminded me the most of you.”
Seeing the light leave Dean’s eyes, Castiel reaches out to grab at his shoulder. Contact startles Dean, and his face takes up Castiel’s field of vision.
. “Cas,” Dean sighs, “he let himself… he confessed…” Explaining it was too difficult, but Sam needed to know. Jack, too. “He loved me, Sam.” Laughing, Dean wipes at his eyes. “He loved
He shakes his head, still not ready to speak. Voice abandoning him like…
There is much at stake with Castiel’s mission. If his father were to find out… Dean could be in worse trouble than when Charles caught Castiel studying his ship. Even now, Castiel knows he’s been away from home longer than he should.
“How? It makes no sense… they’re supposed to be non-canonical…” His frustration bubbles up and presses against his head, creating a dull ache. Luckily, the sensation reminds him of another pain that flares up whenever he wrote. “Of course,” Jack sighs, “Those must have been my powers…”
Their moment lasts too long and not enough. Seeing Dean, on top of the pounding bass matching the beat of his drumming heart and his body being knocked back and forth by careless revelers unknowing about what happened in the backroom; it all becomes too much for him. He suffocates in the packed building. On the edge of his vision blackening, Cas regains his senses and runs. Breaks through the doors and won’t stop until he leans against his car. Choking, gasping for air he cannot hold. It’s like he drowns under a riptide he gladly swam into, aware of the danger.
Rising, the man rubs at his eyes with a frown. “Grass? Man, we’d smoked all that shit.”
“Dean!” Castiel calls to him, drawing his attention, “Is that…”
Sam turns to him, fog somewhat lifting. “Something wrong Jack?”
“Jesteś ładna.” This kiss leaves a mark on the inside of her creamy thigh, Meg giggling and kicking a leg over his shoulder in response. Cas smiles, appreciative of her enthusiasm. He removes himself from her leg though, pulling back. “Not yet,” he tells her, “if I do this in a suit, I’ll be doing it like a man
A flip’s been switched. Dean gives Cas a wide berth, sweaty and pale. “You…” His finger wag was the least threatening thing Cas ever saw, inching out the rubber band-like bounce of his open jaw. He runs off without another word.
“Okay,” Dean says, “so you were visiting Ms. Kline?”
Dean scoffs, “Not even to a police officer?”
Mind reeling, Jack wonders over the oddity of the three men in the car. They decided, in a burst of spontaneity, to have a picnic. The very same thing Jack wrote about earlier. Stranger that Sam gave Jack his spot, folding himself into the back row with a smile. Usually Sam only sits there as a last resort, ready to complain. It seems his mood was too bright that a curved spine couldn't dull its shine. A horn cuts across his thoughts, and Jack spies Dean with his hand against the wheel.
Cas frowns, studying the grip. Out front, the doors and windows had wood stacked over every possible inch, no way of getting in. Whoever boarded those figured the sides needed less precision. Slapped on, a few spots allow for Cas to peek inside. Curiosity drove Cas closer.
Dean nearly asks when Adam will start. As soon as the question forms in his throat, he swallows it. Adam’s wet,
Dean shrugs, “Was thinking about making a midnight snack.”
Meg shucks her sweater, breasts bouncing and sliding off the sides. “They said burn bras, not underwear Clarence.”
“…Land.”
“Yes, that’d be okay.” He coughs, tugging on his collar. “Hello, everyone, my name is Jimmy. And I’m an alcoholic.”
With a loose plan in place, Jack opens up a Word document and affirms his goal of writing a story.
reason why we took Jack in. His mother… we knew how much she’d regret not being there for him. So by giving him a home, a family who will love him… I’m hoping it gives her comfort wherever she is. Or closure, as you might put it.”
Cas reads the note again, and then drops to his knees. Crawls slowly while his gaze drifts left and right, searching for any sign of the mentioned box. Cardboard blends with cardboard, and Cas senses another migraine knocking on his temple from squinting so fiercely. Sighing, he rests on his heels.
“What kind of ship is it?”
“But what if I wanted a fuck? Then I’m in the right place,” he sneers, brow raised, “Or should I save my prowling for when I’m on college campuses? What do you think…
“I drank too much anyway.” Wobbling when he rises, Dean proves that true. “You were gonna have to take it, regardless.”
, we’re all from a small town off the southern coast of California.”
- found in this very room. While Dean and Castiel cleaned up Sam stood in the doorway and watched with a detached interest. When Dean accidentally dropped a body, curling in on himself from exhaustion, Sam snapped back into awareness. He helped Dean flee the room and hadn't been there since. Jack figured the sight was burned in Sam's mind so savagely he could hardly set a food inside.
“No, no it’s good, I…” Dean trails off, darting his gaze to Dean’s and then immediately dropping it. “I…” His sentence dangles like a hook, and taunts Castiel as it hangs out of reach. “It’s nothing.”
“’Course I did…” Dean presses a kiss to Cas’s temple, ruffling his hair. “It’s Valentine’s Day… probably the first Valentine’s Day I actually
minutes. Cas’s parting message replaying ad nauseum. “No,” he manages, staring at Baby’s roof. “No, he – he
“Jesus fuck, Cas,” Andy hisses, “what the hell’ve you gotten into? FBI? Should I expect Hoover to pop up the next time I hang out with you?”
“I’ve been sober for about… oh, four years I’d say,” Cas starts, fiddling with a fancy chip he stole one night when trolling bars for a cheat. “Decided I needed a change after I woke up one morning with a killer hangover and a – uh… a tattoo in a place I’d rather not say.” His chuckling dies rather quickly seeing how the crowd doesn’t warm to it. “Anyway… I’ve done these meetings before. Not
monsters but, Dean, he’s a baby. He – he didn’t do anything –“
“Yeah… it was, it was so simple…” Dean uncurls, teetering, flirting with the idea of lying on his back. He and Jack trade a fleeting glance, Dean checking his reaction. Not surprised in the slightest. Kid’s too damned insightful. “Just admitting it was enough and… and you know what he said? He said he… Cas believed it was something he could never have?” His chest tightens, and Dean scoffs. “I don’t… how could that be – how could loving
Mia had the same inklings. She’s better prepared, and perfectly distanced, to needle him about it. “Are you dealing with more than your mother’s loss?” she asked, “Did you lose someone else? Or… were you close with Jack’s mother, before she passed?”
“Because it has to do with her.” She pins Cas’s wings, keeping him trapped for whatever truth will mess up the careful playing field he set up. “It’s like… have you ever flown in a plane before, Clarence?”
He whipped her hard, the crack reverberating and making Sam’s nerves shake. Blood spurted out of Mia’s nose. She wiped it as she recovered, panting. “You wanna say that again?” Buddy asked.
Castiel shouted after Dean’s green blur, the only response he received were loud whoops of excitement coupled with the dolphins’ squeaking.
“Am I?”
Then a horn sounds, scaring them out of their embrace. Dean turns to where the noise came from. Castiel can’t look, the notes familiar to him.
. Cas imagines how that might sound rolling off his tongue, and then pictures his tongue doing much naughtier things. Later, though. Shaking his head, he leans on the counter and copies her smile. “Wouldn’t you agree?”
John returned Tuesday, and they left Wednesday. He’d never been near a horse since.
Cas shifts, stance widening in response at Dean’s colorful displays of aggression. He’s unused to such blatant tactics from
“I vibe with that…”
Cas smiles, muscles taut from how broadly his face stretches. “Oh, he’s harmless,” he says loudly, drawing Dean’s attention, “aren’t you…
Before any more can be said, Mick and Andy return. Mick stomping while Andy babbles helplessly wildly behind. “It was good at the time, right? Hey – hey! I’m sorry, dude, I get a little spastic when I’m nervous.” Any confusion about what Andy talks about clears when Mick clears the fence and hisses as his bare feet meet hot pavement. “Hold up!” he continues, “I didn’t finish my story!”
Meg folded her shades, peering at him. “Oh,” she chuckled, “my bad. I mistook you for my friend. Sorry for bothering you, mister…”
Cas throws his head back with a groan, hitting the headrest. “I think you’re old enough to know what the birds and bees are, Dean.” At the other’s blank look, Cas tears his wrist from Dean’s grip. “Claire’s my brother’s kid, and she’s our way in.”
Cas taps at his chin, humming. “Not sure.”
. You’re coming home!”
“Your place,” Cas parrots. “So you
“No.” He digs around in his pockets, finding and then tossing his keys towards her. She catches them with a pout. “I want you to go to the car, start it, and then lock the doors until you see me and Dean come back, okay? Can you do that?”
Sam shook his head, glancing at Jack. The young boy watched them with keen interest, golden brown eyes unblinking as they studied them; like he understood what they discussed. Sam discarded this thought in his next breath. He might have ancient power coursing through him, but he’s not even a week old. “You know I can’t,” he started, “Someone has to be here with Jack.” Since Dean refused to do it, Sam’s stayed in the motel for most of this case.
“So it’s soon?” Chuck’s lips thin, stretched closed. Restraint crumbles, Cas leaping forward. “Tell me what you’ve planned -!”
Jack giggles, squirming in his seat. “Good morning, Sam.”
convincing. If Cas happened across Dean in a party, he would find nothing square about him. Jimmy already appears two minutes away from an aneurysm, so the votes are in on how well Dean did. Cas quietly admits he might have been wrong about how good of an actor the detective was.
“You trust to easily, Castiel,” Charles whispers, moving ever closer, “You think you can believe the words of a surface dweller? They’ll say whatever they need to get what they want. They are selfish, look how they disrespect our home –“
“We can use the cameras to figure out which one of your patients is your ex,” Sam finished her thought, laughing, “that’s perfect!” Both Mia and Dean stared at him with twin, strange expressions on their faces. He cleared his throat, “…Sorry.”
“But dead nonetheless,” Castiel continues, “In a world in which they don’t know…” Castiel reaches a hand out towards the skeleton, the image shifting for a brief second. Instead of an old stranger, he imagines Dean in his human form sitting trapped below the waters. Skin pale and clammy, eyes dim and dead. Startled, Castiel jumps back a few inches.
Cas watched her disappear into the crowd, static bouncing around his head. Her comments pinned themselves onto the picture of Kelly and Nick taken years ago, although they remained undecipherable in that moment. He turned to Sonny, boy awestruck on the ground with a hanging jaw, and offered a hand. “Sorry about that,” Cas said, “I didn’t mean to cause a scene.”
Dean’s features shuddered, mouth dropping slightly in fright. His ears echoed with the awful drumming of his heart, and a painful wheeze tickled his throat, demanding freedom. He released it on a sigh, slightly curling in on himself. “W-what?” he asked, “You… you didn’t like it?”
“I’m sorry?” His cheeks hurt, instinct denying him a grin that fights for recognition. Realizing how pinched his muscles were, Cas relaxes and allows his expression to blossom. Warmth spreading freely down into his chest. “I thought you’d be happy. Telling me that I
He curses silently, staring into the eye of the storm – Charles’s stern, furious glare.
“No I’m sure they’ve been wanting to do stuff like that for awhile,” he chuckles, “But… Dean thinks Cas hates him.”
“Think about it,” she insists, “If all the cops suddenly joined the hippies… who else would they have to complain about? Blame on the world’s problems? They could not rise up against anyone because there was nothing to rise up against. And police? Hippies provided the perfect opportunity for them to release some of the pent-up frustration they have since, these days, firing hoses and roughing up those colored thugs is now viewed so poorly thanks to that black preacher bastard in the South.” Cas claws at his pants, knowing if he struck her now, he might never hear a clue he desperately needs.
Finally alone, Jack pushes his laptop away and leans on his arms. Some laughter, trapped in his chest, bubbles up and bursts forward. It breaks the silence, sounding panicked to Jack's ears. Tears fall down his eyes as the giggles slowly turn into gasps as the thought of what will happen when Sam, Dean, and Castiel find out about his writing. If they will return to how they were before he ever wrote his first story in all their misery. Another thought pops in though, worse than before. That the wild story he wrote will seriously affect their lives.
“I don’t,” he talked over her, “I don’t need to hear that you’re sorry. I understand you… but I doubt I’ll ever forgive you. I just… I want to stop feeling like this, so… so
“Mlm is an acronym for multi-level marketing, Dean,” Sam explained, “that’s the kind of mlm we’ve been talking about this entire time.”
Castiel sighs, lazily swimming next to an impish looking Dean. “We do not wear those kinds of shells,” he tells Dean, “they are too tough and stiff… besides, they serve us better as tools.”
A shadow falls overhead. Cas expects to see Dean again, only it’s Meg. His trench coat tied loosely like a robe, falling off her shoulders and flirting with the floor. She holds a small, silver box and shakes it. Hearing the contents, Cas’s smile brightens. “Put on some pants,” she orders him, retreating towards the kitchen.
She approached the intercom with more confidence, slapping the receiver in response, cutting off another round of buzzing. “Yes?”
“You’re so kind!” Cas pushes past the threshold, strolling inside. Scopes the foyer for any changes since he last visited. There were little touches he doesn’t quite remember. Like the wilting roses in a nearby vase were light pink instead of a deep rouge. And they’ve added another picture of Claire, dressed in flowing blue robes, diploma resting on her lap. Cas can also see the space Amelia’s planned for when the actual document arrives. Further in the room, on a small table placed near an archway, Cas notices a small picture hidden behind a decorative sculpture worth more than he makes in three months. Grabbing the frame despite his brother’s objections, Cas sees his father’s face – sunken features, thinning hair, and false grin. “I see Ishim’s looking healthier than ever… but are those new liver spots on this temple or did the photographer forget to edit out his horns?”
find out, anyway?”
“Okay,” the woman claps after the sixth stilted response, “I think this about wraps up today’s meeting… we’ve got the room for another fifteen minutes if anyone would like to mingle. Again, I want to thank Cynthia and Victor for providing the donuts and coffee. You can still snag some on your way out. Remember, David, it’s your turn next week.” There’s a slight murmur that spreads throughout the crowd, but other than that they file out. Avoiding the half-filled snack table. Few people linger in the room. She stays, alongside Victor and another woman who Cas guesses is Cynthia since a flash of pride overcame her disease when their group leader mentioned the coffee.
He reflected. Sam parsed through the leaflet of memories he collected of him and his mother, wondering if, within them, there is a moment of regret where he bit his tongue when he shouldn’t have. There were none. “No, I don’t…” he mumbled, “I don’t think there was.” Sam’s lips curled into a tepid smile. “That’s weird.”
Someone was in there recently.
“It is?”
she’s a doctor?” He made it halfway towards Mia when he heard Buddy cluck his tongue at him. “Hold it.” Sam waited, scowling as Buddy’s hand traveled his body, stopping only as he felt the oblong shape of Sam’s gun tucked inside his jacket. Buddy relieved Sam of his weapon, taunting him with it, dangling it in front of his face before dropping it. He kicked Sam’s ass, making him stumble on his path to Mia. “Now get!”
“I thought only the driver picks the music?”
…” He laughs again, to a joke Cas must have missed. Wiping a false tear, Chuck leers at him, “Really? Does
. But as he was getting the van ready, I saw this payphone and… I just…” Cas breathes so sharply it breaks the ballooning silence that overtook the room during Kaia’s story. She hadn’t noticed, but Dean and Claire did. He bends towards a nearby pile, sifting through it. Kaia’s narration a soundtrack for his frantic actions. “I had to call Margie, in the moment. It felt like the right thing. ‘Cept it was so early, I got her voicemail. Started rambling… nonsense, man. Probably wasn’t making any sense. But before I could even get to the goodbye tall guy grabs the phone and slams it on the receiver. Drags me back to the van and shoves me in, because by then I was like a fucking ragdoll. It should’ve been a sign, the look on his face was so… I barely knew the man but I felt his disappointment crashing into me. Couldn’t think about it too much, someone was putting a joint in my mouth and it… it all went…”
Between the dim lighting, sweaty, gyrating bodies on stage and the sweaty, hypnotized patrons surrounding them, finding Nick seems difficult. He drifts from the door, towards the buffet. Plucks a wing from the pile and bites down, a bit of juice squirting from the meat and onto his shirt. Sighing, he licks the sauce off his thumb and wipes at the drying stain. “There goes another one…”
Kaia smiles, a tiny, fragile thing. Brown eyes deep with an unspoken past that dredges sympathy from his own murky waters. “Thank you.”
Charles meets his glare with one of his own. “And if they did?” he asks, “You think they will change their ways? Do you have enough faith in humanity or…” he casts his gaze behind Castiel, “are you blinded by the minute actions of one.”
. He’s a much older man than Kelly was in the picture, probably a few years younger than Cas is now. Crow’s feet fully visible from the wide smile plastered on his face, cheesing for the camera. Kelly sits under his massive wing, both wet from an afternoon dip in the lake. Wrapped up in towels and each other. Her head rests under his chin, arms outstretched as she took this picture. “The professor, eh…” Cas hums under breath, “What were you going with a professor, Kelly? And better yet who the
Rufus squints, mouth thinning. “You remember where that address lead?”
“I’ve heard all I needed,” Mick says, wincing, “Ketch. Let’s go… I feel a tremendous headache setting in.”
“She was a student, we had some fun until she went crazy,” he tells Cas, “I tried helping but she wouldn’t take my money – or my advice. So, I washed my hands of the whole thing, and thought it would stay that way after she disappeared. But recently she’s been popping up like a bad nightmare.”
“So,” Cas coughs, grip tightening across Dean’s shoulder, “your brother went to college? Did you fly the coop not long after?”
“...Thank you. Enjoy your… book.”
In that moment, a shred of memory wriggles up from the Earth and saves Cas from this confrontation. He plucks it, offering his excuse as a token of peace. “Actually, that
“So, in all this time,” the woman, obviously in charge of today’s meeting, asked, “you haven’t found a place that fit?”
“It’d be a real plus though.” He barely caught Castiel’s mumbling. He can’t question what was meant, because Castiel clears his throat and repeats his question. “Why did you choose a gay bar for the evening?”
“I’ll look into it,” he clarifies, standing, “but I can’t promise any of the stones I turn over will be anything useful.”
Fifty-Love. Cas never scored this well during actual games of tennis, always missing the ball despite how many times his trainers yelled at him. His skills were better suited off the court, anyway. If this were an actual game, Dean would have thrown his racket down and busted strings in his rage.
“Yes Dean?”
A very large one. Already there were countless people on the lawns, grooving at their own pace. Given the size of the manor and the fleet of cars dotting the surrounding area, Cas expected even
None of the other slides help him like that one. He adds those failed ones to the pile, keeping the slide with the Professor and tucking it into the ribbon of fabric tied around his fedora.
“They aren’t lies,” Dean says, “I’ve got a tail, yes – but I never had one before –“
spread across the surface. Then he dips towards the nearby garbage can, smirking at the rolled-up magazines stuffed inside. He grabs one, flipping open a random page and whistling a low note. “Feel sorry for the kid when he comes back.” Cas places it back, bidding Miss November’s centerfold goodbye. Searching the remaining drawers, he doesn’t find much of worth. A notebook or two with scribbled notes he took, capturing tidbits of Cas’s wisdom for later use, sit abandoned under an old yearbook. Unease strikes him, but not enough he might stop his search.
“What?” Dean asks, a single tear slipping free. Trails along his cheek until it falls off his chin. “How – how is this happening?”
“That is unfortunate,” Castiel agrees, “I’ll admit I had my worries after… taking down Michael must have required a serious amount of power, and with how much of your soul was left prior…”
A silence dragged out in the room as Sam digested her story. He considered it from every angle, taking great pains to ensure his instincts weren’t wrong. That Mia told them the truth, and the real monster was somewhere skulking around town, searching for his next kill. Sam was almost convinced. Something did trouble him, though, keeping him from fully believing her. “It said in the police reports that both victims were killed by people who looked like their dead loved ones… how would Buddy’ve known who they were, let alone who to shift into?”
Dean’s mouth quirks into a wry smile. Lines etched with all he muttered during the night. “Bits and pieces,” he admits, “here and there.” That’s as much Cas expects Dean to share for now.
“Would it be okay if I were?”
. Castiel spins him, his chest plastered onto Dean’s back. He tries phrasing it differently.
exist to them, and because of that they have no knowledge of what consequences their actions lead to.”
“Hi Jack,” Sam says, glancing up for a brief second, “You are great and amazing, have I told you that yet?”
A kid from his junior high days taught him that. How, by telling yourself what you do isn’t gay, suddenly you create your own version of truth. “Not for everything,” he warned. He paused, panting, as he – like Dean – recovered on the leather couch. Spent, video paused on his basement television, shorts –
Dean glances at the dance floor. Sam hadn’t left, enmeshed between writhing bodies. “I’m not here for me. My brother – he thinks he’s gay… or somethin’ like it,” he tells Castiel, snorting when someone other than Sam rakes a paw through his hair. Awkwardness flashes like lightning, disappearing behind forced puppy-dog features and Sam’s too-wide grin. “He’s here expermimenting while I’m the… uh – the moral support.”
“Really,” Cas scoffs, “didn’t peg you for the type who got off on all that stuff…”
Dean swirls the last mouthful of his drink, tasting it. Sullen throughout it all. His gulp echoes in the space around them. “Fine,” he rasps, “Yeah… that was, they were there.”
“Well…” She sighed, smoothing her hands down her sweater, “I guess I can squeeze you in. Come on.”
. Told me I had what it took to be a great lawyer and didn’t spout the same sexist nonsense everyone else did when I told them of my dreams.”
jumping the fence?”
“…Got it from a friend.” He won’t further entertain conversation about Dean’s amulet, traversing the path towards Andy’s van in silence while his friend yammers on about what he’s been doing. Weathers the one-sided conversation until they’re a block from Angel Oasis and Cas turns the volume knob loud enough rock music overpowers the younger man.
“What was that?”
“I searched it,” she hisses, “should I not have done that? Done
“Not in my experience.”
Migraine fast approaching, Cas interrupts before he tears through another page of a dictionary. “Listen, I was told I can leave, so…”
. Cas enters the fray, answering for Dean. Snatches his hand before the other man could, dragging him to his feet. “Dean,” he says, breathless, “I’ve been looking all over for you man! Don’t sneak off on me…”
“Peace and love, brother.” Andy flips them off, sliding into the driver’s seat. Cas, waiting in the passenger’s side with disgruntlement heavying his pockets. Starting the engine, Andy looks over and notices the lines on Cas’s face. “What?”
found me and grounded me again. And I stayed because I… I was afraid I’d get loose and disappear for real without ‘em.”
“My name is Dean,” Dean repeats, “it’s what you asked for.”
“You’d be the one who’s there to pick me back up if I fall,” Castiel says, “But I won’t ever fall – I won’t ever learn for
? Here I come, with a Hail Mary, and you’re turning your nose up at me like some
There’s too much riding on this night for unnecessary risks. Cas folds, releasing his niece. Backs off with open palms held up in forfeit. “Come on Rainbow,” he says, exiting, “we’ll wait by the car.”
“A pit stop?”
And though her heart ached for Dean, wishing him luck in finding his own version of peace, Mia learned from their session.
“Yeah,” he answers, voice gruff and cautions. A lone brow arches at him, Dean unmoving by the handle. “Why? You got a problem with her?”
“Would’ve been nice…”
“Dean,” Adam whispers. Dean creaks an eye open from below the surface. “Where were you just now?”
Jack squinted at him. “Chuck? What does my grandfather have to do with this?”
“I’m sorry…” Dean placed a featherlight kiss to the corner of Cas’s mouth. Then, unable to bear looking at him, he wrapped the curtain over his face.
crazy…” He squares his shoulders and continues forward. Snags a newspaper from an open rack and tucks it underarm. Cas sidles up next to the woman, sides flush against one another. “Hello –“
“Well… Sam enjoys learning about murderers, and Dean has his music –“
Cas abandons and concedes the fight. “Hey, you mind if I pick your brain about something?”
“Dean,” she repeats, “are you going to introduce me to your friend?”
“Just…” Dean sagged under him, dipping further into the powerful stream, “a little gentler?”
“Listen,” he growls, shivering. A pervasive chill hanging in the atmosphere Cas couldn’t feel from the flush of exasperation setting his skin on fire. “I don’t need you to look out for me, okay? I don’t need
…” Dean returns, buttoning the last of his ruby red pajama shirt over his chest. Navy pants flaring from the knee like many of Cas’s bell bottoms. He readies another exchange, lips parting for the words to come. They never do. Stilled, stuck on his tongue while his eyes rove over Cas’s body. Pupils, already dark, dilate further.
Do the police know something they aren’t telling?
A strong vibe radiates from Dean, starkly contrasting the peace and love floating throughout. Cas ignores his resistance and guides him into the mix, hoping that the other man will loosen up by exposure.
Adam doesn’t flinch from Dean’s bite, smirking at him. Followed by an airy laugh that sounds nicer than it should. “Y’know, my hands can only do so much,” he continues, standing. Clawing at Dean with blunt nails, repetitively raking patterns like he were a rock garden. “Massages are a give and take. I can only leech away what you’re willing to part with. And there’s a
“I guess I’m not used to closure, is all,” he sighed, “for most of our lives, things and… and people – it all tends to be cut short. Usually, we’ve got to keep our heads up high and move on. Like with…” Sam trailed off, Eileen’s name caught in his teeth. He refused to let Eileen go and swallowed her name into the murky depths of his soul along with the other things he didn’t think about, where he stored everything that was in the way of doing his job. Because that’s what they’re here for, led there by Dean’s hunch. He couldn’t forget that. Mia’s stare burned on his profile, waiting for him to continue. He will be disappointing her. Jack’s tugging on his finger, sticking it in his mouth as he gummed it and guided Sam free from his stupor. Sam forced his mind to settle by wading into safer waters. “That might be
“What are you…”
’. Mlm… men loving men… What else
“Okay,” Sam smiled, “that’s a start. Is there anyone who you’re close to that he might’ve taken the form of? Friends? Coworkers?”
Sam cursed Jack’s aim as he hit him directly on his chest. The pee immediately soaked through the fabric, Sam suffering its unnatural warmth. He blindly groped for anything nearby to shove atop Jack and staunch the flow from his bladder before it spread too far. He gently pressed a motel towel down, Jack giggling all the while as he ruined it much like he did Sam’s shirt. “Seriously?” Sam sighed, “Couldn’t have done this earlier?” Jack answered with more laughter, kicking his feet in the air to punctuate his glee. Seeing his joyful wriggling lessened Sam’s exasperation. “Okay… It was kind of funny,” he told Jack. Then, leaning closer, “Next time, do it when
“Sleep sounds pretty good,” Dean yawns, hand squirming, wriggling for freedom. “How close is your house, Night Shadow?”
Sam’s features shifted, journeying from shock to a pitying understanding. Rubs comfortingly at his back, sighing. “Loving you was what made him happiest?”
“And they always lead to more trouble than they’re worth.” He skews his head off to the side. “You went to the police? What did they say?”
“But they’re totally hip!” Claire protests, playing with her glasses, “Plus they make me look like Gloria Steinem – so of course I was getting them.”
. As a whole Sam presented like a grade-A douchebag. Entirely unprepared for any bar, let alone a gay one. Dean’s instincts kicked into overdrive.
Felix hisses again. Venomous sounding, like a snarky retort.
“And you did.”
The burn flickers to life behind his eyes and Jack understands how perfect a picnic story is. The fire of creativity that roared with each amazing plot point, words fueling him forward. He figured writing would feel wet from how many instances people spoke about 'juices flowing'. Except when he finished writing Jack never felt more dry.
Sam winced, shrugging in response. He tried tagging Dean in, to help explain, but his brother had a faraway gleam in his eye that matched his childish pout. Sam realized he was on his own for now. “After I was born, she… she left,” Sam told her, “Without a trace one night. My dad he… it devastated him, broke him in some way that he couldn’t get past. Like, up until he died, he refused to believe she left him like that,
Dean huffed under breath, “I wish I could say the same.”
Andy intervenes, laughing too loudly. He pushes Cas behind him, “Don’t worry about him, Serg. Y’know how ol’ Cas gets when it’s been too long without grass…”
Dean sighed, running dirty fingers through his hair. “Great… thought we left all of Chuck’s antics behind when he disappeared for good.”
“What do you call it?”
, wasn’t some sort of distraction from that big blowout?” Mia slid the knife towards her, studying her reflection in the blade. “It’s late, Dean. I’m
She nods, carelessly knocking ash onto the ground. Cas waits while Eve digests the information, scribbling nonsensical shorthand onto his notepad. Eve barks with laughter, startling him. Wiping the sheen from her forehead she leans her elbow on the table. “I don’t think the ramblings of a disgruntled ex-wife will make any change, especially since I’m still living in his house – still use his last
“At a price,” he snarks.
“Missing persons, strange cult-like gatherings,” Ketch growls, finally contributing to the conversation. His gaze dips momentarily towards Andy, “
make it official, we want our guests to feel comfortable.
enough. Not
Castiel frowns, “What are you –“
“I don’t think Dick Roman even knew how to feel sad until…” She quiets, smoking the rest of her sentence away. “The man I married lost everything because of his greatest trait, his pride. He was always so proud of himself… even when there was no reason to. Was hell whenever we fought, stubborn bastard would never own up to his mistakes. But Dick would accept praise, especially if he had no part in the accomplishment.”
First, he skulked the alley way in case he missed something. Peeked inside through the slats from before, except every light was extinguished. “Too early for ‘em, I guess,” he mused, stepping back. Cas heard a crunch, having stepped on something. He pulled his foot off and squinted at it, squatting when his vision fails him.
So, after Sam received a text late in the evening from Dean about how he and Cas were staying longer than they planned, he knew it worked. Then, as Cas sent him a thumbs-up emoji in reply to his question about Dean’s mental well-being, the bubble of worry lodged in his chest burst. He relaxed, called Eileen and hunted ghosts two states over.
“Definitely this.”
Which sucks sometimes. “You were some place, just then,” she says, taking back her joint.
part of this shitty, confusing web of mystery. Brainwashing these lost kids for whatever sick reason to do… do… I don’t know –“
It’s a necklace, too groovy for someone like Dean. A tiny face dangles from a leather cord. Cas gently cups the face in his hand while bringing it closer. Studies the idol with keen interest, mimicking its expression. “Why were you in there?” he asks it.
them.” He wiggles his fingers, showing off the sparkly pink. “Did the same for my toes as well.” Standing on one foot, he holds the other aloft so Jack can see the neon pink there, too. “Do you think they look pretty and cool?”
“I think you would be the best judge for that, Jack,” he sighs, “But seeing how you asked the question… it’s safe to say not a great deal of it is left.”
. “He’s…” Wondering how Dean might explain their relationship keeps Cas on his toes, like whether the man who stabbed you will turn left or right. “He’s someone I met through work.” Dean’s mouth twists into a wobbly smile, shrugging. “Cas, this is Josie.”
A troublesome thought surfaced from the depths of fear simmering in the back of her mind, cloaked in the voice of her mother, sounding like advice she passed onto Mia from her mother who learned from her mother’s mother and so on in a long line of ancestors. “Hunters only come by for one thing,” they warned, “the best thing you can do is
Dean shrugs, not commenting on the sudden staleness of Cas’s aura. Immune to such observations. “Sure,” he says, nodding, “we passed it. Over there, first door on your right.”
“That’s not funny, Dean,” Castiel scolds, “Whales have beautiful voices – I should know. A troupe of them sang for my Molting Day Ceremony.”
than you actually are?”
again. So, the first thing I needed doing was to find Sammy.”
wig that crookedly sat atop his head. There were others in the room, all in various stages of undress. But his gaze could not stray from the man he remembered, in his childhood, as being antithetic to this whole scene.
“We’ll be there soon.”
A few minutes passed and Eve joined the call. “You can hang up now, Tracy.”
They trailed on, seemingly endless.
Dean levels a heavy stare at Castiel, mirth dying in his eyes. “What were you doing at the Kline residence?”
“Unlikely.” He twisted, rolling away from her and onto his side. Mary shouldered the rifle, looking from him to the others around the fire.
“Lost? Can you explain?”
“I… I don’t mean to sound ungrateful,” Dean says, “But I – um… I feel the same. I want to be with my family more than anything but… man, I don’t know how I can go back after all that’s happened?”
He clears his throat. “So, this Institute or whatever,” Cas prompts her, “there’s nowhere else I can get this information?”
Alone, Cas eases the weight on his spirit. Sitting, he digs his feet into the sand until they’re buried. Then rests his arms and chin on his head. With the ocean far behind him, all Cas can do is study the decorative bungalow Sergei calls home.
“Yes, and it wasn’t an officer. It was a detective,” she explains, oblivious to the unease rippling throughout his soul. “Actually, the same detective who I spoke with about Jack when I first reported him missing. He thought that you might have had something to do with his disappearance which – which I knew was
Eve answers his laugh with some of her own, bells twinkling in her voice. “I was,” she tells him, “but lucky enough you were hotter than I was expecting.” His jaw drops, unsure how he should respond. Eve bulldozes past the need for any. “Would you care for anything? I already had something to drink, but if you were –“
. “Cute name.”
“But… why?” Sam slammed his hand on Dean’s doorframe, blocking his exit. “You’re not gay.”
“I was visiting a doctor,” he explains, stressing each syllable. Aggravation seeping into his tone and rising with each second. “Those people who can, y’know, legally prescribe medicine that isn’t sold out the back of vans?”
Castiel raises a brow. “You can?” Dean hums, lips curling in amusement. “How does one ‘speak whale’. Is it a
Dean bristles at the accusation, the redness deepening on his fair skin. Cheeks looking absolutely sunburnt with embarrassment. “Just stuff it, Cas – in your
Dean extracts himself from Castiel, slowly, taking care to disentangle themselves. Dean flattens Castiel’s mussed hair. He fiddles with the buttons of Dean’s shirts, inexplicably unfastened. Neither speak of how these things happened. “Hey,” he starts, still hovering inside the other man’s personal space, “Um… thank you, for everything. Tonight. From the bar to – uh… to he –!”
A diversion is necessary. “So, Cas,” he starts, their faces inches from each other. To talk easier. “You gay?”
“No, I meant… about me. You’re not going to tell my wife, right? Or the college – I can’t lose my job, now. I’m in the middle of my next book –“
Dean scrambles to his side, grabbing his face. “Cas,” Dean says, “Are you okay? Cas? Cas –“
“Bisexual, Pansexual… Asexual, Demisexual –“
He sighs, reaching out for Castiel. Their hands intertwine, Dean leading them to a nearby lump. “Sit,” he tells him, “it’s called a couch. They’re comfy.” Castiel does, sinking into the cushiony fabric. Dean joins him, smiling up at Sam. “You might want to do the same,” he says, “it’s a pretty long story and… well, there are a few things you might not believe.”
He frowns, Dean’s flashing dimples throwing him off. “Fine,” he says, swinging his arms, “maybe I thought we could have a little fun before we get serious –“
“Hey… is that lady staring at us?”
seriously.”
been to a barber?”
“Cas I…” Dean knocks their foreheads together, “You’re someone I never expected entering my life… and if you left, I don’t know if I can go back to living without you. Every time you were taken from me I… part of me died. A part that never came back, even though you did. When the Empty took you, I thought that was it. If I lost you one more time… I fought so hard for this – to live by
Unlike the ones he dealt with, this envelope was
Dean gasped, curling in on himself, hands glued to the wheel. His body seized with sobs that bruise, each tremor punching his gut. He used what little strength he had and glanced at his reflection. That speck on his rearview, that he foolishly clawed at, didn’t disappear; it was caught in his bloodshot eyes.
It never reaches that point.
Jack frowns, checking the clock on the kitchen wall. It’s a quarter past four.
“Hey, it pays the bills.”
Photos in frames balance precariously on the console’ edge. One of a younger Kelly, wedged between who Cas guesses are her parents. Both wrapped lovingly around her and smiles on all of their faces, illuminated by the natural sunlight which also reflects on the lake behind them in the background. And in the following photo, Kelly stands in front of another lake – perhaps even the same lake featured earlier. However, this time she stands alone. Laughing, pulling the curtain of her hair away from her face. Staring up with those lovey-dovey goo-goo eyes that every Hollywood starlet perfects during their tours of duty. He drops this scene without a second thought when his stare lands on the third photo.
“I don’t know,” Dean hums, lips pursed in an annoying way that draws Cas’s attention, forfeiting the unspoken contest. “That doesn’t seem like you. Gotta
Dean sighs. “Cas, you can tell me –“
responsible for crying, too.
Sam grabbed the poker almost immediately, slamming it into Buddy with his next breath, powered by adrenaline and instinct. He dropped his weapon to hurl himself at Buddy, next, knocking both them and the couch over. Sam heard the gun fly out of Buddy’s hand, and he punched and punched the other shifter to keep it that way.
“They say crack fictions are supposed to be out of character and ridiculous,” Jack tells him, “All that I wrote seemed either wildly different from or were grand exaggerations of what you’d normally do.”
Tracy dawdles by the entryway, dusting off a burnt sienna drape that matches the sunset color of her dress. Cas detours her way, smiling. Drawn by how the light of the sunset parses through the window and highlights her features. “Hey, Tracy.”
“And carrying.” Cas glances at Claire, glad she stayed far from the punch. A better head on her shoulders than most others her age. “I’ve seen parties where everyone’s tripping balls but that was… it was pretty out there, even for me. I can’t remember any happening where the whole house seemed…”
It’s stupid. Dean wastes valuable time, their world crumbling all around them. And what is he doing? Crying. Making Sam and Jack comfort him because Dean lost the shovel he usually buries his feelings with. Empty probably taking that, too. It’s
Cas doubles the pressure on his own shake, delighting at the wince in Ted’s face as he crushes the man’s hand. “Very well, but only if you call me Emmanuel.”
He looks unconvinced, so Cas tugs him the rest of the way until they’re flush against one another. Kisses him with bruising force and lets Calvin’s beard scrape at his palm.
“Ordered him to his room,” she shrugs, “grounded him. He laughed in my face, and then ran off. Took the car, so I couldn’t even follow. I was so angry that night I… I broke out some brandy and got toasted until I passed out. When I woke up Jack left a voicemail saying he would be staying with friends for a few days until he cooled off. I thought it was for the best, except…”
Cas flees towards the kitchen, only slowing when he is sure Eve and Cole cannot see him. The suffocating vibes of anger that gripped him while in her company faded, replaced with positive energy that he struck a path that will lead Cas to his friend.
“Tasty flesh,” Sam mutters, chewing obnoxiously, “delicious… you should really try some.” Waving the bacon towards his brother causes Dean to jump backwards in panic.
to fuck, Dean.”
his hands stay. “We were dead to rights. So Cas… let himself be happy.”
“Then at least dinner, so the karmic forces that balance the universe will be appeased?”
“Too good if you ask me,” an older man said from her side, arms folded over his chest. “Decent folks can’t walk two blocks without someone jumping up asking for money.” He casts a worried gaze in Cas’s direction, “You ain’t looking for a handout, are you?”
He listens, pocketing the note and grabbing one of the metal folding chairs leaning against the wall. Cas squeezes between one woman with an afro puff and a man whose bald head shone with aid of the buzzing fluorescents. They slide from him, chairs squeaking as they gave him a wide berth. “I wasn’t interrupting anything, was I?”
“Is that how they put it to you?”
“Then when we’re done remind me to set fire to your panty collection…” Cas drags the thin cotton off her legs, bunching it in his fist and sniffing the damp section. “Ah,” he sighs, “you’re so sweet for me.”
On an average day, Singer’s draws a sizeable crowd of surfers and stoners. Seduced by the fair price of whatever change rattles from within their pocket while ordering. Staying because the owner doesn’t care if you stick around well after the meal is eaten. The fire marshal would go ballistic if he saw how people packed themselves into booths and tables. Given that the curb seems quadruple in size of kids smoking, chatting, and eating from paper baskets, he can only imagine the happening scene inside.
a victim in this as much as they are.”
“Cas?”
Cas nods in a somber fashion. “I will admit it great shock… if you do not mind question, ah… why is he no longer with the company?”
“Castiel,” he starts, “Thank you for granting us a moment of your time…”
Cas shrugs, “Yeah, I figured I made that
familiar with it.”
“That it is, yes!” Cas crows, laughing, “Bit of mouthful, no? Like cramming oversized kielbasa in mouth.”
“I can.”
“What?” Cas stutters a laugh, overly warm despite being bare-chested. “I’m – I’m here for you. You and your
“Funny, I thought as a detective you were above such simple cases.”
than to not be a hunter. Now… I don’t see myself doing anything else.
“Easy for you to say,” Rufus huffs, glancing up at him. Color returning to his skin. “You young men can hope like you can piss, eat, and fuck. I don’t think I’ve got any left in me.”
Jack nods, kneeling down to untie his shoes. In the time it takes him to undo the first lace, Jack brushes off any similarities between today and his stories. After the second lace untangles, Jack reassures himself that stranger things have happened and coincidences are nothing to be suspicious of. As he stands alongside his fathers, watching the way the sunlight reflects multitudes of colors off the lake and around them, Jack tells himself that his family is happy.
“Dean?”
He shakes his head, “Nothing. Come on… let’s move.”
“It wasn’t
“It is.” Dean’s body unfurled, standing at full height. Anger seeping out from him like smoke from Cas’s joint. “You can’t believe anything a drunk says, I can tell you – from my
After the fourth movie, Jack hears a low groan eek its way closer to him. Shutting his laptop, Jack looks at where Sam shuffles in. He rubs at his mussed hair, wincing with each step.
“Hi,” he said, “I’m looking for Dick Roman… is he home?”
“Do you feel my hands, Dean?”
Dean whistles a sad, short note, air hissed through his lips. He opens the glove box, digging around with the hand not restrained by Cas. Both content letting it continue. “Fine,” he tosses a plastic baggie into the backseat, “but open the window, blow all your smoke out there. I don’t plan on getting stoned tonight.”
“While we’re at it,” he interrupts again, “you know my name but I don’t know either of yours. Skipped right into business which,” he borrows from Sergei’s antics, spitting on the ground. Misses and hits the tip of a brown leather shoe, “gross. So not a fan.”
He’ll have to go back to the Bunker at some point, Sam probably worried since Dean is out much longer than he promised. But Sam also has other worries he can preoccupy himself for a few more hours.
“Why not?”
She nods, brushing trembling fingers under her eyes. “But someone had to accept the results of our actions… and he wouldn’t. I remember how I found out – I had been feeling quite sick lately, and my mother took me to the doctors. Asked for my pee for… for whatever reason. A few days later while writing a report for his class we get the call and – I never saw her so angry. Going on about dead rabbits and my soul going to hell, I barely knew that she meant I was with child… with-with Jack.”
“Yeah, well that’s not how I’m
Cas hadn’t expected it would. An overabundance of wood nailed in across the front meant these realtors were familiar with the many practices of most hippies. If they laxed security even the slightest, they would have stormed and converted the space into a new tribal community; instead a flock of suits nested behind the protective warding. Somehow, they must have found their own entrance. After a strong show at pushing, Cas noticed the hinges on the outside. With wood and nails keeping it checked, there was no walking in there.
He stays like that for longer than he realized. Sam finds him, asks if he’s okay.
“Why thank you,” Ted says, reaching out and grabbing Cas’s hand for another shake. “I’m glad you do. I only wish we could have discussed plans on how to turn your surplus profit into working capital. As it is, I’m already late for my lunch meeting.”
“Do what?”
to call me Meg?”
“Then the accents?”
Suddenly, ringing breaks through their staring contest. Cas flinches, muttering a curse through clenched teeth. He spares one final glance at Dean before reaching for his phone. “You got Cas?”
“And look how well that’s worked out for you.” Hurt stains Dean’s cheeks, too wrecked he cannot hide the wound. Cas curses, pinching his temple, “I’m sorry, that – that was a low blow.” Whistling, Cas moves so his toes laid over Dean’s. Runs gentle fingers through Dean’s bangs. He doesn’t fight, which Cas takes as a sign he can continue. “You said earlier that this…
Soon, it was Mia, Sam, and Jack in the lobby, the sun having set some time ago and casting the room into an eerie darkness. They returned to the warmer light of her other room and its many lamps, Mia readying another cigarette while Sam dug through the baby bag for a bottle of milk. He settled beside the carrier, helping Jack onto his lap to better feed him.
Then, against Castiel’s wishes, he adds in ‘hunting’ because it’s not limited to monsters. Sam made mention of how humans would hunt animals after an eventful stop at a random gas station. Jack stared intensely at a deer tied to the roof of an SUV, wondering why someone would kill a noble creature. He explained the concept to Jack with an uncomfortable expression painted across his face, made more so when Jack trimmed the tiniest bit of his soul to bring the deer to life. Sam quickly hurried them away as the deer struggled against its rope chains.
Dean groans. “Because I’m not in the market for a wife, Cas. I’m looking for a… y’know…
He waves her concern off, laughing. “You’ve seen my office. I won’t judge.” Cas winks, holding out his pinkie finger, “Promise.”
“Okay.” Nodding, Cas gives Dean space. Inches away from the bathroom, towards his living room. “You want me to get you anything? Breakfast? Coffee?”
“And, Cas?”
haven’t been the best role model with… with
Catching himself on the edge of it, a few items shake and shift across the map of the detective’s space. The mug moves, a few drops of cold coffee spilling onto a page or two underneath it. A few files come undone, scattering in messy piles. And a picture frame falls on its face, Cas wincing when he sees it. Cas picks the photo up, relaxing when no sign of a crack appears. Looking past the glass casing, he scans the full photo.
Kaia remains silent at Claire’s side. His niece answers for her, “Dad won’t mind an extra mouth around the house, for a few days. At least until Kaia decides what she wants to do next.”
“Singer’s sure is crowded today,” he laughs, “I wonder if he brought back that totally awesome sandwich…” Cas leans forward for a better peek out Andy’s window.
“With Dean?” Sam asks, eyebrows bouncing. They were as lively when Jack described the stories he wrote where Dean and Castiel became a couple. Though he said nothing, it was obvious Sam delighted in the tension crackling between the two.
“What’s that s’posed to mean?”
it. “My part was done,” he challenges, “Over. Lucifer blew me into tiny particles.
Mia shouted, reeling backwards. In her haste she drops her journal, too concerned with touching the red welt burning on her hand. “What did you” –
“So? Why are you calling for my
“I doubt that.”
“But I’ve barely been human more than a year,” Cas argued. He glared at Baby’s rearview mirror, at the patch of grey blossoming near his temple like, if he could, Cas would smite his hair and leave it charred and black.
“Somewhat,” Cas shrugs, “I grew up rich. Sort of the same thing, except the smell’s different.” He stretches, arm sliding back. Loosely wrapped around Dean’s shoulders. “You’d be surprised how cultish many things are when looked at from the right angle. Corporations, government, religion…” Cas tenses, “
. I’m betting you are, too. Sam sure was, only reason I could think of for why he’d spill all that to me while we were alone.”
Rude, but not an inaccurate description. “Well that at least explains why there aren’t any AA’s in the area,” Cas says, “different vices, different needs.”
“Oh Castiel…” Chuck grabs his chin, pinching it. Sparks jumping off his finger pads and searing his skin, Cas wincing when Chuck doesn’t let go. “You’re not bitter that I never returned your calls, right?”
“…So there’s no such thing as a shell bra?”
He has a single moment of peace while lying on his side. Stolen as something sharp jabs at his sides. Dean flipped onto his stomach, glaring at him from the mattress with his pointer finger extended. “What are you doing?”
“Yeah…” Dean rubs at his jaw, gaze shrouded as the light focuses inward. Arguing with himself, Cas left outside. Waiting. “It was… like I couldn’t make any thoughts. The whole process kept getting - getting
“Oh, Indy,” Dean murmured, “I’m fine with delaying this a few more minutes…”
Kelly’s hand trembles, but her resolve stays firm. “When Jack and I did talk… and I mean actually talk, about our days and how we were feeling, before it all went cross-eyed, he… he mentioned you. Quite a lot. The time you two spent together meant a lot to him, and I’m hoping you felt the same. Because the police? Jack isn’t anyone special to them. He’s one out of a million kids checking off boxes on a standardized list for teenage rebellion. So no, I don’t think you’ll have a better chance than them. I believe you actually
Dean remembered that town. GED burning a hole in his pocket, he bummed through town hunting for a job since dad hightailed it for a phantom thread of a lead on their mother’s murderer. Not many folks were hiring, but a stern man in a rough-hewn Stetson and bushy mustache needed an extra ranch hand. Introduced Dean to his son, Dean’s new co-worker. Steve was a nice boy, older than him by a few years, with a warm temperament, skin tanned like leather from a life of fieldwork, and legs bent further than Dean’s by riding horses since birth.
“But –“
They break from their embrace, Dean pouting at Sam. “Let us go somewhere we can be alone,” Dean says, “maybe out in nature… we can walk among the trees and hold hands and you can watch me do some yoga because I am
Dean waited, watching Cas’s lips. He waited for his name to be spoken, said in that same mixture of fondness and exasperation and gravel that ticked the tempo of his heart up a notch. He waited for his angel to smile, then tell Dean that he’s fine; that it wasn’t more than a scratch, that he’s still here.
While loitering along one of the main roads in a quaint, little hamlet, Dean happened across a store with a wall of televisions blocking the window. All of them were on and tuned into a station where some stiff droned about the latest news rocking the country. That day’s story was about a high-profile case that played out like some Spanish soap. At the center of this drama was a young defense attorney, holding his own against a cabal of seasoned professionals. Dean beamed while mentioning the rising star, pride tugging the corners of his lips farther up.
“No!” Dean said, “No, mlm is about gay people. It doesn’t have anything to do with scams.”
Unlike with Roidy, Dean believes him. “Dean.”
“Not here…” Andy tells him, guiding Mick onto the beach, “It’s uh – it’s really private info…” He and Mick’s voices fade, leaving Cas with Ketch.
“Nothing much,” Jack shrugs, “I’ve been here… we were all in the kitchen earlier, you, me, Dean and Cas –“
. Maddening. Also, completely unavoidable.
“You always carry that on you?” Cas asks her, “For emergencies like this?”
, Ketch.”
.” Dean sunk into his seat, knees bumping against the coffee table. Mia jotted another line to her observations. She pointed at Jack with her pen, “And him? What’s his story?”
A mile out from the gated community Cas notices a black speck growing larger the further he advances. Its wavy shape becomes more defined until Cas recognizes the muscle car from earlier parked off the side of the road.
Castiel frowns, closing his book. “What seems to be the problem?”
.” Dean shoves him off, laughing. “Is sex all you have on your brain?”
the crowd. Do the
Someone approaches while his lips graze knuckle.
Righteous fury seizing, oozing out the
“Of course.”
The light gets brighter, closer. Castiel squints, not looking directly at it so as not to fall under the same spell Dean was. He knows he doesn’t have much time to get them out from there. Thinking about the danger that might befall them – befall
“Oh, is that so?” He stretched his legs out from beneath the table, knocking into Sam’s. “That what you’re learning in college? I thought you wanted to be a lawyer. Or were you a bit
“And you will?”
His face pales at Cas’s challenge, freckles visible under the harsh interrogation lighting. A tired hand drags across Dean’s face, sighing. “I really hoped you’d quit before you get too far.”
Mick’s glower loses its effect by the tiny dance he does. They leave in palpable silence, Cas watching them until both men turn a corner. Safe, his legs falter and collapse underneath him. Andy rushes over too late, and Cas feels pain bloom from where his knee scrapes against the asphalt.
Freedom came slowly, bit by bit, one piece of skin at a time.
He frowns, skewing his head to the side as he often saw his father do. “How do I ‘lean in’?”
“I know,” Cas interrupts, sliding his hand under Dean’s chin, cupping it. “You explained so after Jack plucked me from the Empty, right after punching me for making another ‘idiotic deal’, your words… and before our first kiss.” Dean’s joyful spirit flickers, glare piercing. Cas responds with apologetic crinkles, “You’re right… you’re right… quiet
Cas now bends, gasping for breath while wiping sweat from his brow. “Okay,” he says, “I think that’s good, for now. Dean, how about…” He trails off, Dean stealing every ounce of sense from him.
Dean fumbles, looking at the assembled party. Colored with unease and embarrassment. “So what?” he asks, “What’s bad about that? It sounds like you
“You too, Dean.” Cas watched him scurry towards the officer, older man cuffing Dean behind the head. He missed what words passed between them but given how forlornly and scared he appeared when meeting Cas’s stare, Cas assumes he wouldn’t have liked it.
“Empty?”
“…Perhaps I can wait,” Castiel says. Then he stomps away while Sam groans, hands pressed to his temple.
answer him.
“No, I’m trying to find
He exists in darkness. A warm, welcoming blackness, like being swaddled in a blanket. Hiding under it while winds howled and raged, sheets of rain slamming atop roofs and pelleting windows. Safe, protected.
Thrown off, she blinks at him. She raises a wry brow, leaning back, her tears receding. “What?”
“Clarence,” she breathes, “Oh, Clarence…”
“Very
Ten minutes passed, or so he thought. It might have been an hour. He lost track after the third song, when Cas drifted close to Dean. Whispered a joke about the guy frozen by a nearby window, drool cascading down his chin. The undercover detective threw his head back, barking with laughter. Resting it on Cas’s shoulder. Startled, Cas stopped dancing. Too focused on Dean’s belted joy than the fast tempo hit. Sense returning as Dean’s head lifted, shaking, hair flying.
Dean fails, again. “Cas…” He croaks, words blocked by the boulder that wedged into his throat once that black portal of despair vanished. Water traces familiar pathways down his cheeks, Dean steadying himself on his open door. Hisses panicked breaths through clenched teeth. “Cas, he…”
The following comments had him deciding to delete and ignore similar messages in the future.
“What a strange thing,” he says to Felix, “Sam in the library… I wonder what happened that made him want to go in there after…”
She accepts his keys, brow arched all the while. “You promise?” Dean’s meek nod must satisfy her, somehow. “Okay,” she says, “I’ll be in the car. But
Mary stumbled out of the memory-dream, slowly at first, then thrown into consciousness by a calloused hand. She yawned, stretching, agitating the knot in her lower back. “Yeah?”
that, y’know? Some peace… for the both of us.” Despite his eyes being closed, tears continue to fall. “Then, while you were taking all that in, I’d grab your hand real smooth like, tell you I love…” He chokes on it. Dean pushes against his fear, straining. “Telling you I love you, and how loving you makes life feel like being in this field all the time. That, in spite of our pasts, we can have peace and we can be together – we can be
Thirty minutes passed since then. Now Cas sits on the sidewalk with a hubcap poking at his spine, feeling inescapably bored. “I fucking hate stakeouts.” He stands, stretching, balancing on the tips of his toes. Waits until he hears a gentle snap in his neck and then rocks onto his heels. Still no sight of the woman – or anyone – who might point him in Jack’s direction.
“So,” Castiel says, voice rough and thick, “this is your home?”
Cas jerks a thumb at the church, smirking, “Realized I was living in sin and decided I should go and confess at the nearest Heavenly Hotline?” His joke makes the other man’s lips purse, dimples appearing. A better reaction than what he’s gotten so far. “Don’t ask stupid questions, Dean. You’ll only get stupid answers.”
“Well, we can’t go back, now can we?” He kneads Dean’s shoulders, loosening a tight muscle with his thumb. “Let me do all the work…” Adam speaks aloud, calling on a nearby smart device. Tells it to play a certain playlist, whining strums pouring from his speakers. Dean rolls his eyes. The added hippie music only pours salt in the wound. “You’ve got a lot of knots, Dean.”
“It’s okay,” Castiel repeats, “it’s okay…” He drifts further away; but before Dean can whine about his absence, he realizes his feet move, too. Castiel leads him from the belly of this ecstatic, partying mob.
. “Can’t believe I could be this lucky…”
It’s a little off-script, but Lucifer bets Chuck will enjoy what he plans. Even if it’ll involve his least favorite character. Lucifer hops off the table, grace burning across his body. Razing this vessel’s form, stealing its characteristics and distinguishability. A tall mound of clay left that he molds into a new body. Darker hair, sturdier frame, and bluer eyes. “Dean,” he says, swallowing his laughter. “
“Jesus, Cas, do you hear yourself?” He mocks Cas, a vicious grin cracking his features. “
Her expression flashes, stricken with pain. She looks behind her, huffing. “I hate to admit that my home isn’t quite ready for company…”
“Yeah, he still holds his classes there,” Sonny told him, “although he probably already beat it by now. He’ll be here tomorrow, though. Same room!” When he left again Cas let him, satisfied with the help he gave. And since Cas’s reason for being there was gone, he hit bricks, too. Not far, camping in his car with the only entertainment the stack of police files he brought that begged for attention he never gave. Sleep that night was fitful.
“Funny, s’what the asshole who stabbed him said.”
Dean stripped to avoid voicing his thoughts, since he couldn’t. For some odd reason, he overcomes his impasse. Words begin tumbling out of his mouth, filling the silent emptiness of the field. “Y’know, Cas… I always wanted to do this with you,” he says, “never thought it’d… it’d be like this.” He hiccups with laughter, thick and wet. A tear drips down, heading for his chin but interrupted as Dean shudders for breath. It stains the corner of his mouth, forcing it from the false smile and into a more appropriate, more natural, glower.
Castiel nods, still somewhat lost. He latches onto something he could understand. “You have a brother?”
On the next page were reviews for upcoming movies. Cas stays there, scrolling through what critics think of the director’s style, the writer’s proficiency with dialogue, and other minutiae no one but they care about. Halfway into praise of Brando’s acting as the titular
It was something he has wanted to do for some time now. Dean noticed what happens halfway into its journey, his trembling hand hovering over Cas’s. He lowered it cautiously. When there’s barely an inch of space separating his middle finger from Cas’s knuckles, Dean stopped. Dean couldn’t close that final gap. He stared at the emptiness between them, small but terrifyingly infinite, and was frozen in terror.
After the day he had, Cas yearns for comforting darkness sleep provides. Except after the meeting with former alcoholics, with Dean and his fiancée, and with Meg, the sun has yet to bow out. Going strong, barely half past four. Cas scowls at the sun as he exits his car. Slams his car door and stomps away from it.
“Throw a stone and you’ll hit anyone with a modest knowledge of drug use around these parts,” Cas tells them, “the other stuff though… not my scene. I tend to keep my services simple: pictures, shakedowns, and what-not… Say, if you’re looking into missing people, does that mean it’s like a… a big problem?”
“No, she is… Cas, look!”
should be worrying about, too!”
Immediately he thinks of his family. He remembers the warmth that used to envelop him whenever thoughts of them crossed his mind, and takes comfort in the phantom blanket that weighs in his mind. Jack types ‘Winchesters’ into the search bar.
Dean steps in, then, saving Cas from a terrible scene. “Hey, Josie,” he says, “why don’t you go wait in the car, yeah?”
“Yeah, we do…” Dean sighs, shifting. Too aware of Adam’s touch. Counting the differences between his expectations and the reality. They’re softer than what he expected a man’s hands should feel like. And gentler. These motions were more tender than Dean was used to, especially from a stranger. Part of him wants this over with, while a stronger, quieter part begs for more. He shifts, squirming. “Hey, what’s this you’re rubbing me with?”
Cas sighs, his niece’s bowstring resting after playing him so well. He looks at Dean, the other man meeting him in the middle with pursed smile. Laughter visible through the creases around his eyes and shaking shoulders.
Castiel grabs at Dean’s wrist before he could touch the amulet.
“You’d think,” Dean sighs, “except I must have pissed off someone powerful. I saw that while bumming around
“Yeah,” Dean said, “We’re looking for the doc. You know if she’s in?”
He relents for the time being. Proud of what cracks in Dean’s armor he made. When Chuck sent him, he asked Lucifer to ruffle a few feathers. Mess with their heads, ensure this ragtag group of losers would stay down. Accept their fate, end this miserable experiment called humanity in sadness. “Don’t provoke them too much, though,” Chuck warned, fists curled along his jacket’s lapels, “Betrayals only work when the other side doesn’t expect them. Plot’s stretched thin as it is, bringing you back doesn’t really make sense –“
Returning to his laptop, Jack begins the process of becoming a writer. He scans through his history to find the community website from days prior. It was the best place to start, he figured, given when he was on it there was a collection of different types of posts.
quickly. Dean balked when Sam ordered them these bubbling potions the color of lava lamps mixed with Barbie vomit. Served in dainty glasses Dean could easily break if he applied even a fraction of pressure between his thumb and forefinger. Rim lined with salt and a wedge of lime. Sam suggested they cheers. He chugged his before Sam raised the glass. He flagged the bartender, ignoring Sam’s glare. “What the hell did I drink?” he asked.
“Well, it’s…” Dean sighs, sinking against a rock, “the way you did it. I guess seeing you claw into those fish reminded me that you’re not really…
him for the ruse?”
“I should be happy for you,” he admits, head skewed to the side, “you’re going home, to be with your family. Returning to your life before… yet, thinking about this… I can’t help but feel…”
There wasn’t any for him to give. Cas accepts his gratitude with a polite chuckle, levity rushing to fill up the cracks made from all those hits he took since waking. Ascending to a comfortable high without the aid of any drugs. Knowingly. Because certain habits of Dean were ridiculously addicting that they should be deemed illegal.
Sam nods lazily. “Jerk.”
“You’re such a dork…”
“Good, good… don’t want another situation like how you – uh…” Dean trails off, biting his lip. “Yeah… I have to go shower.” Dean speeds out of the room with an awkward gait.
He makes it half a block from his car when Cas decides he cannot wait to read what he liberated. With how it rested inside his waistband, its edges dug into his cock and poked it far past the point of pleasure. Cas drops onto an unoccupied stoop he finds and drags the file free from its hiding spot.
“What it has to do with…? Jack…” Dean pinched his brow, tense shoulders collapsing as the strain became too much, muscles snapping like bridge cables. “I might not be the most… the most
Castiel hums a thoughtful note, dropping back into silence. Their hands broke apart earlier, yet his fingers twitch to return. Instead he clamps down that desire and pinches his tail like a crab.
“So, you don’t remember…” Cas tapers off, asking without words.
He reads through the rest of the report, a memory flicking to the front. Kelly told him she visited the police before seeking out Cas and his services, and the proof of her story rests in Cas’s hands.
“…it’s funny, dude,” Andy continues, “like that sandwich is so good it’s like – like awesome, right? But I always zone when I’m done… puts you in a really chill mood.”
“Didn’t you get my text?” he asks Dean. Then, subtly checking on Roidy who watches, fuming from the sidelines, he makes an odd clicking sound. “Or were your hands full, and you couldn’t check?”
“But what about
“And your den of… hedonism, it’s any better?”
“Just go start the damn car.” Dean won’t follow. Rather sharpening his defenses for the inevitable. Bad music. Lawful driving. Plaintive whines and rhetorical questions, all in an attempt at making Dean talk. About tonight. About their childhood. About signs he didn’t see, how it felt being
,” Dean scoffs, “It was this bullshit term Sammy’s program used for people who left everything behind in
Mary spun on her heel, advancing to an outcropping perfect for scouting and a good distance away from the devil’s cold, calculating glare. Her grip on Bobby’s gun tightened. She thought of her boys, of Dean and Sam. How gutted they must be because of her decision, of her sacrifice.
,” Castiel tells him, glaring, “Centuries of isolation have turned us into tales. We
His gaze barely lingers on the windmill slowly spinning near the edge of the clearing, already too familiar with its shape. Dean pays closer attention to the surrounding plant life, instead. With the hand not currently holding his quickly dwindling joint, Dean runs his fingers down a blade of the tall, reedy grass. He loops it around his finger and then releases it. He repeats this a few more times until he discovers a new distraction. Dean reaches out, a caricature of the First Man, as he tries meeting the thin branch of a wild, overgrown bramble halfway. A soft, hollow laugh ekes out past Dean’s lips when his fingertip brushes against a leaf. Dean sucks in more smoke as his watery eyes bounce around the treetops, stopping only because he feels the joint’s nub burning him.
Unburdened by Big Brother for the time being, Cas rounded Dean’s desk and sat in his chair.
Cas rolls his eyes, “Dean’s got experience that you don’t. Being a cop has
“Clarence?” Meg frowned in disbelief, “Your name is Clarence Harris?”
His guest needs more time taking in her surroundings. “Your secretary is out?” she asks, nose scrunched. When Cas nods, she asks the obligatory follow-up. “When will she be back?”
“No,” Cas says, “we’re making a pit stop.”
“Okay, professor,” Cas mumbled, placing the book back, “let’s see if you can teach me a few things…”
“Just craving some grass, Andy. That’s all.”
Sam sat on the edge of a plush sectional, placing Jack beside him. Dean seized the chair nearest Sam, collapsing into it and leaving Mia with the last available chair across from them. They’re separated by a magazine-laden coffee table. “Pretty swanky duds you have here, doc,” Dean told her, poking one of the magazines, “must say I am disappointed there’s not any of those beds that they showed in the movies.”
His argument follows a strong line of logic. Cas will never allow Dean to catch him admitting his wrongdoing, though. He still has a few tricks that will curve the straightforward arrow Dean draws. “Well yes,” he starts, “in that sense I
the way the boys who come back from Vietnam are?”
“Oh, those two are long gone.” Cas startled, whipping around in his seat, finding a waiter clearing up the crumb-covered plates. “Didn’t you know?” He fired a quick glare at her before checking on the microphone, seeing it sticking up from the pot. No doubt the tape capturing their plans still inside.
Like Castiel.
“It’s actually easier than finding acid on the Dead.”
“What?” he mumbles, moving past the entrance and further into the room, “This doesn’t make any sense…” Glancing at a small table, Dean picks up a strange book. He runs his fingers across the shiny marks over the cover. “But… if this is here, then –“
hadn’t broken down, when they found Eileen’s duffel – and her
The stranger turns another corner on his journey, and Cas pounds asphalt. Beats the counter as the traffic whizzes past and blows at his hair. Cas smoothens his shirt, takes a calming breath and continues.
At the end of the guard’s simple directions, Cas finds himself in the eye of the hurricane. Mrs. Roman’s street ends with a roundabout that acts as an entrance for the gold medal of extravagance. A lighthouse that guides others in how to succeed in capitalism when you are already on the top. Cas eases the brakes until his car sits directly across from the front entrance, body stiff.
Jack squints as he takes in his surroundings. The sky sits in a mix of blue, orange, and mottled purple, and neither Sam nor Castiel were on the blanket. “Where are the others?”
the son of a bitch. You could’ve done way better…
“Until a few moments ago I could,” Dean sighs, “Forgive me if I’m struggling.”
! We can make this all painless if you’d just
Dean mutters a curse, craning his neck back. Meets her stare with similar scrutiny. Cas bites his cheek, stifling laughter. “He’s a friend,” Cas tells her, “But his name’s not Rainbow. Dean, Claire. Claire, Dean. Dean’ll be helping me snoop at the party –“
It’s mostly junk, on his first try. Office supplies, blank templates, and forgotten receipts, all for for cheap, store-made pie. He abandons this and moves deeper, finding two sets of keys alongside a crumpled paper bag. Cas unfolds the origami ball carefully, only discovering its trash contents after the hard work. Sandwich paper smeared with mustard and a faded note from someone named Abby. Probably the life sentence Dean stood beside in the photo. A few more blank form templates make up the remainder of the second drawer’s contents.
“Dean, it’s just therapy.”
“The sweetest. Sweeter than anything I’ve ever ate. Sweeter than
Drinking lost its flavor anyhow.
“Yeah…” He spots Baby easily, street deserted save his car and some poor, busted Beetle. Dean searches for his keys, struggling. Sam talks all the while. “And then there are some people who… who click immediately.” Dean tenses, breath stuttering. “How long have you been –?”
He sets the flyer aside and moves onto the waiting newspaper. The front cover boldly declares success for the Equal Rights Amendment, citing momentum from the National Organization for Women helping push the bill over the edge in the byline. Nixon’s face, smiling and waving for the cameras surrounded by his all-male tribe of yes-men, was chosen for the over-enlarged picture accompanying the text. Cas scoffs, flipping past this piece of news and dives deeper.
“And now you’re not.”
I got burn out something fierce and couldn't find any time to write. And when I did, I had such trouble figuring out what I wanted to write.
“I don’t know,” Cas yells, sitting on Dean's bed. Swings his legs up, melting into the mattress. “Didn’t expect your reading habits to be so…
“Absolutely not!” Ted slams his fist on the table, Cas jumping at the sound. “The job didn’t make him go all damn hippie, that’s completely absurd!” Sighing, he retakes his seat and pinches the bridge of his nose. Like he can pull at the thread Cas loosened with his questioning and remove all the pent-up stress. “I’m sorry, I… that was unprofessional.”
The stranger splutters, dark eyes sharp like knives pointed directly at Cas. “I’d be better if there wasn’t this massive weight crushing me,” he sniffs, shoving at him. Of what he expected, a British accent was not on his list. Cas hides his surprise, feigning ignorance by blinking and tilting his head. This stokes the flames of the stranger’s anger further. “Get off!”
“Not necessarily,” he explained, sitting across from Dean finally. Sam’s windbreaker swooshed with every dramatic sweep of his arm. “I mean… sure, most of the people there are gay. But it’s not like they make you flash some official gay card at the door…” Expression pinched, he powered head, avoiding the conversational detour and sticking to the main highway of his argument. “Besides, there’s more than just
“Oh Dean,” Cas laughs, reaching around and dragging him into a one-sided hug. “This whole mess ain’t ending ‘till sun up, anyhow. We’re bound to get lucky by then.” Even under the brightly colored and ever-changing strobes, Cas sees how Dean’s skin pales. “Don’t act like that. Let the energy flow
“Tequila,” Blue Eyes tells the bartender, frowning at Dean, “You sure you’re good for this?”
The mock cheer does not aid to improve Dean’s mood. Instead he sinks into the water, chin disappearing into the water. “So I’m stuck like this?” he asks, “Some kind of reverse Little Mermaid?”
“Right, right…” Dean moves closer to him, gesturing ahead of them. “Why don’t you lead the way?”
He guides her out of his office with ease, falling apart only when the door closes after her. Cas braces his hands on it, shuddering through an obscene number of chills racking his body. Rushing waters crashing over him, trying to trap him in the murky depths below. A repeat of his breakdown outside The Cage. Except Cas doesn’t shy away from drowning this time. Breathing deeply, he dives headfirst into the shadows challenging him.
Kelly clears her throat and looks at him. “Is there anything else you need me to relive before I leave? I still have a few errands that need my attention.”
Cas fiddles with the brim of his hat, leg bouncing while he sits in the clinical interrogation room. Focuses on the tight weaving of the headpiece instead of peering at hidden faces behind the two-way mirror or banging an obnoxious rhythm on the stainless-steel table. Although his control falters. Rebellious urges rising from within, whispering tempting dares in his ear.
why they’re mad, Jack.”
Tongue whet after countless journeys around her vagina, Cas stops and rolls it back into his mouth. Briefly experiences the taste of Meg, eyes closed while a blissful smile stretches across his face. His whirring mind shuts off, all thoughts of missing persons and secret organizations and Dean buried under the comparable high of getting off. A forceful nudge reminds Cas that he cannot stay like that for too long.
Except the Suite’s current boarders were
Dean clears his throat. “Cas?” he starts, cheeks dusted red, “What’re… you can let go.”
“Who can talk over all this racket!” He wrenched his arm free, storming into the baby’s nursery while Sam dawdled under the doorframe. Their entrance meant little to the newborn, who continued crying despite their entrance. “And I’m not killing him –“ he kept his
“No, it’s not. Really.” He stops, dropping him. Cas scrabbles into a crouch, warily observing Chuck circle. Arm raised defensively; angel blade prepped in case of another attack. Useless, given the comparison of power, but he refuses to sit and accept his death. Not like this. Luckily rather than smite Cas, Chuck wastes time prattling. “I tied everything up in a neat, little bow. Sure… took longer to get there, edits and rewrites of course, but the story was done. Brothers battle, one dies, close the book and move on. Raphael was
Dad’s opinion, of his two sons wasting their night in a gay bar, would ruffle the feathers of Sam’s newfound sensitivity. He hears their dad’s voice clearly, delivering a tirade about their terrible choices. Dean spent his time at the bar drowning that voice since arriving. He drains his fourth-or-fifth glass of its contents. It all splashes like the others, into his empty, churning stomach. Dad’s voice, the awful music, his nerves and senses slip out of mind. He sees dregs of vodka left in his glass. He uses the same finger that swiped through the tiny bar puddle and swirls it there, coating in in more vodka. Again, Dean sucks on his finger.
. He cannot see Pamela from where he sits, but knows she's there. “Some other time I guess,” Cas sighs, pulling from the curb and onto the streets.
Dean swallows it in one breath, asking for more with a wiggle of his empty container. Cas gives him less. He sips at it this time. “S’not bad.”
. Dean takes his free hand, the one not latched onto Castiel, and mirrors an earlier action he saw. Combs his fingers through Castiel’s dark brown locks. He amends and adds to it, too.
?” His mind races with a flurry of meaningless words, nothing fitting to describe the sensations rushing across his body. In his confusion he focuses on the sound of Dean’s tapping.
Roidy snuffles Dean’s neck, alarms clanging within his head. Or possibly it’s coming from the many speakers placed throughout the bar. Either way that plus everything he drank, make thinking complicated and tortuously slow, like Roidy nosing along his collarbone. His thoughts fall apart before they make it to his mouth, Dean opening and shutting and opening his mouth hoping a few words can crawl themselves into existence. He manages a few garbled syllables that are greatly ignored.
“…That’s all?”
Dean meets his stare, pupils receding into their regular shape. “Whatever,” he sighs, brandishing handcuffs, “that part doesn’t matter. At least I finally have a reason to haul your sorry ass to the precinct.”
“He kept saying it,” Eve sighs, “Institute for the something-or-other… I could barely think straight I was too stunned from the whole meeting. Especially when I asked if he wanted to stay and say a few words to the kids, least he could do. Oh no… Dick pat my shoulder and said he had more important things to do, and if they wanted to see him, they could join him at a meeting. Five years later, they haven’t seen each other. My youngest barely remembers what he looks like. And I… my blood boiled, even now I can feel it, remembering it…”
Dean bristles slightly, meeting Cas’s stare. Surprisingly, he smiles. “Never thought I’d say this… I prefer you, uh – I like how you look now.”
here, too.”
“Hold on,” Jimmy says, on her other arm, “I want to go over a few rules with
“I mind,” he says, “but I doubt you’ll stop on my account.”
“…Thank you, sir.” Cas tries the peace sign again, “Peace and love.” The guard unfolds a newspaper without saying a word. “Great…” he mutters, driving through and into the community. Immediately he spots a massive house straining towards the sky, painted a nauseating orange with a red-tiled roof. Spanish inspired, like every other building strung up in Santa De Maria Properties.
Sam was still alive when he knew he should be bleeding out. He cracked one eye open, then the other, and noticed the bullet hovering in mid-air, frozen in its path. Suddenly, as if waiting for Sam’s attention, the bullet splintered and exploded into dust. The force from the explosion knocked Buddy backwards, his limp hand dropping the gun again.
“Fuck off…”
“I try my best.”
“Because deep down, you know I have wisdom that helps.”
“If I hadn’t rescued you…” Castiel shudders at the possibility of Dean not being alive, chest tightening. “You need to be more careful,” he says, “I might not know much about your world… but you know even less about mine.”
Dean tenses, “Cas?” Barely audible, Lucifer strained to hear his prayer. That hope, sweetness quickly bittering as Dean digests the scene. “No…” he sighs, mumbling into his legs. “Lucifer, thought I told
He meant it.
slow.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Winding back through the forest of wealthy elites, Cas nearly drives onto the wrong streets. Thrown off by rows and rows of identical housing. He spots the entrance gate and he turns so sharply his tires screech and a dog yelps at his retreating figure.
mention Jack’s disappearance and Dean’s involvement. Dean deserves some trouble of his own after causing Cas’s gray hairs to sprout too early. But seeing that fear reminds Cas of when they last parted, with Dean delaying America’s Red Coats and their questions.
. Two states into my journey, my car breaks down. And then I’m waylaid
“Sure.”
. “Why does that matter?”
“Of course,” Dean nodded at the selection behind him, “got anything that doesn’t taste too…
“Three-hundred words? I’ve seen you bang seven-hundred in fifteen minutes, baby.” Cas fiddles with the amulet, grinning, “Maybe if I were up there… you typing on that machine o’yours, and me – under the table – telling my own story…” His tongue slowly traces his bottom lip. “How does that sound?” Nothing. “Meg?”
The gasps of the crowd rise like a swelling tide. Dean stumbles over his words, glancing about them all in confusion before his eyes fall onto Castiel’s. He looks unsure of himself, frowning with a pleading gaze asking him what to do next. Castiel has no idea how they might remedy this, and before he could begin stringing one together, Charles’s anger boils the water around them.
“Boy,” Charles growls dangerously, “You’re both far from home –“
Hopefully Mia’s fears stayed exactly that.
An unexpected turn in his evening, but not unappreciated. Especially after all the trouble he put Cas through.
, what’s it matter? They’re like… small?”
“As if.”  Dean shifts from Cas’s prodding, frowning down at him. “There were more obstacles than I realized… and about a year of searching, turning up nothing… I started losing hope. Then, I saw it.”
“Joke, Cas,” he sighs, swimming up onto the anemone, “
“Dean, my man,” Cas says, opening the car door, “you are
Charles follows Castiel’s eyes, frowning. “Your mind is made, isn’t it?”
change. “When?”
Adamant, Dean scowled and shook his head. “Mlm meaning
desk and worn liberally since then. It must have slipped out while they were fighting. With Dean having seen, Cas knows it’s too late to hide it. That doesn’t stop him from tucking it away again.
“But you just said you and ‘wives’ do not ‘mix’.”
safe.”
Castiel smiles at him, squeezing his hand. “I think it’s
questions. And that fucking sucks.
Dean lifts his head, frowning. Studies Cas with a suspicious wrinkle creasing his brow. He deflates somewhat, disappointment rocking into him like heavy waves. Routine. Expected, since Cas was exactly where he wanted. But then, isn’t that answer enough? Dean asks regardless. “Did you take it?”
Castiel rolls his eyes, skin tight with Dean’s expectations. Unwilling to be scrutinized further, he plunges into the ocean to swim better. However he doesn’t get far, the familiar sound of someone diving next to him had never come. Glancing around, Castiel spots Dean’s tail and not much else from him.
Dean snorts. “Yes, but not because of all that. If we walked everywhere things would take so much longer. Everything else makes things…
Dean walked in as Jack edited, interrupting his proofreading right there. Backtracking, Jack finds that the spelling mistake wasn’t the only piece lifted from his writing. The entirety of what happened in the kitchen was re-enacted by his dads, playing out like it were a script.
Eve tenses, inching the door closed. “That depends. Who is asking the question?”
“Thanks.” Cas retains his composure until he hears the lock flip. Then, he staggers forward. Braces himself on the sink, breathing raggedly. Shuts his eyes, tearing at the memory reel, film becoming spotty and broken. Finally, there’s nothing left spinning on the projector.
Ketch’s hand covers his throat, tipping Cas’s chin and making his head smack on the metal van door. The agent leans in close, breath tickling Cas’s ear. “Listen closely because I’m only going to say this once. Stay
“Geek? Lame? Not cool…” Nothing he says makes any sense to Castiel. “Even though I can talk to you there’s still a language barrier. Don’t you have brothers or sisters who try and… I don’t know, embarrass you by making you seem
Adjusting to the light, Cas moves further into the room. Notices the garish choice in wallpaper that clings along the walls. Creamy orange interspersed with spiraling white lines that cross paths at random moments. This choice was slightly less ridiculous than the patterned fabric sofa and armchairs, pinkish petals blossoming on his furniture. Growing from the grassy knolls of his green shag carpeting, each step tickling his feet. He stops in front of the coffee table, naked save for an ash tray and a recent copy of Esquire. Cas studies it closer, from Nixon’s small head to the hand with long fingernails. Sniggering, thinking how uncomfortable using it might be.
like you do…”
“Are you sure?”
He hates being right.
“You should take better care of your body, Dean. We only get the one.”
“Angle?” Jack whispers, confusion stacking up like a mountain. But then the clouds part within, and clarity shines down from above. He gasps, the full-body breath freeing him from his paralysis. Able to move again Jack flees the kitchen and flies to his room. He slams his door, locking it. Jumping onto his bed, Jack opens his laptop and returns to the story he finished writing seconds ago. Retracing his steps, he finds the exact strip of dialogue needed.
“You made good calls, with the party. And Kaia,” he says, “I’m sure if we continue we’ll find the location of that compound no problem. Then we sneak in, I grab Sam and – and you get your friend Jack, and we lock them here until we figure out how to screw their heads on right again!”
“How? This thing’s got tickets?”
“Why there?”
“Really, Cas how are you not – oh God,” he groans, falling out of Cas’s hold. Hitting the wall by his door, sliding. “I’ve never smelt anything so wonderful…”
“On who’s authority?”
Dean snorted, “Of course you are. I’m not stupid.” Sam’s bitchy expression disagreed. “I’m
that I haven’t written you off as the fuck-up you are. Over there… you can have a fresh start. Actually
ones talking. Cas shudders. Composure lapsing momentarily, broken like thin ice on a winter lake. Stumbling into dangerous territory, Cas hopes he can slink off without alerting too much notice than he already has.
could never have.”
It’s an envelope, one which Cas rips open and dumps its contents onto the bed. More slides cascade from the hole, clattering on top of each other.
wanna go to a gay bar?”
“Maybe he set up his own pad while you weren’t looking. I did split my fees with him whenever he shadowed me on a case.”
Cas nods and taps the unlit end of his joint against his chin. “And your brother?”
Saying nothing further, the two journeys toward the house. Dean grabs a stone and turns it over, revealing a hidden piece of gold underneath. “Key,” he says, tearing it from the stone like it was nothing; “so we can get in.”
. There’s nothing special about this dump…”
Everyone else was wrapped in their own heads, little dreams playing in the gloss of their drooping eyes. Haunting hallways, unmoving. Barely talking. Squeezing an answer from these kids proved difficult, sense drained from them already.
“No, you’re not, Clarence.” Meg hums over the line, slipping into a softer tone. “You want something else, something I
Thrill shoots up his spine with how Dean looks at him. Bolsters Cas while he further twists Dean’s nipples. “Experience? I doubt locking up boozehounds can count for
“Smoking drugs – do you hear yourself? That’s not how you phrase it… whatever.” Cas shoves at Ketch, terror racing up his spine when he cannot move him. “I’ve got nothing on me, anyway. I’ll even be nice and consent to a strip search.” The tongue swiped over teeth and kiss combo usually sends men running.
so,” Cas corrects, drawl forcing a shiver up his spine. Visibly, judging Cas’s smug expression. Rolling his eyes, Dean climbs off the bed and advances.
Dean’s eyes flit past Cas, hazy. “We’ve been together long enough; it’d be weird if I didn’t…”
Dean apologized, laughing, “I’ve never been this close to a dolphin – never even
“Glory, glory, hallelujah,” he mutters, pocketing his hands. Dean advances, an attempt of casual intimidation hallmarked at the academies. “So, do you make it a habit of peeing in alley ways? Taking this
“Of course, father, but please! Spare Dean and let him go home –“
“For real?” He stares at the diner again, “Maybe we should stop in for a bite ‘stead of hitting up Serg.”
suspicious…”
“I don’t know if I can wait!”
Walking over to the table, ignorant to Jack’s obvious gawking, he takes a seat. “So,” he continues, flipping the book open, “why are you here Jack?”
was the lawyer?”
“More of your hippie hoodoo bullshit, Cas?”
