"Sh-Sherlock" John mumbles quietly, fast asleep.
(04:19) That is quite accurate although I wouldn't call myself mysterious. SH
Moving his lips to the curve of Sherlock’s pale neck, he wasted no time in sinking his teeth into the hard flash, eliciting a loud groan from Sherlock. Encouraged, he pushed his elevated arms harder against the door, his lips sucking roughly onto his skin, most certainly leaving marks. He didn’t care; John wanted everyone to know that the great Sherlock Holmes was his, and only his.
(11:37) Really? SH
(11:32) I'm sorry, John. My brother's an idiot. I understand if you don't want to stay. SH
"Go to bed, John."
Putting his phone back into his pocket, Greg took a swig of his coffee, which had already gone cold, and couldn't stop the smug smile from forming on his lips. Perhaps he wasn't as stupid as Sherlock thought he was after all.
John removed his coat and hung it on the coat rack, and then very deliberately ignored Sherlock and went into his bedroom, closing the door behind him. Sherlock’s gaze had been very intense and John hadn’t known what to do with himself but run off and hide like a scared animal.
(08:12) Why? SH
(19:30) Are you as boring as your name? SH
Sherlock swallowed uncomfortably, not liking the fact that H was drunk. "His name is Victor. He's transferring to our school after the summer."
The sudden beat of sounds against John’s eardrum pulls him from his deep, dreamless sleep. His head is groggy, but he doesn’t recall downing any liquor the prior day. With a great deal of effort, he opens his right eye but closes it immediately as bright light hits his cornea, and he groans with pain. When he tries to lift his hand to rub his sensitive eyes gingerly, he finally notices…
(04:49) Why do you care? I doubt you’d be interested. SH
"Call me," Victor breathed before he turned abruptly, leaving Sherlock confused and exposed, his head resting against the cool and hard bricks behind him.
Sherlock’s voice was low and baritone, and John forced himself to meet his eyes. They were filled with something John couldn’t quite identify. Worry, perhaps? There was really no way of telling.
(17:26) Yes, exactly like I said. SH
(11:08) People tend to be surprisingly creative when calling me names. Fascinating, really. SH
'I will have someone review the appropriate CCTV footage in search of one John Watson' he said, and added 'we will find him.'
John pushed the bedroom door open and entered.
Absentmindedly, Sherlock reached for a cigarette, placed it in his mouth, and started looking for his lighter, annoyance creeping up on him as he realised that he had forgotten it at the station.
"Again," I snickered. "That's what I said. And this is where Sherlock is a bit more...Sherlock."
“I hope it’s the right size. Sherlock’s never wrong but still, I’m not used to those kinds of places. A bit posh for me.” Molly started as they walked.
The second time was only last week. Greg had showed up at the flat with a difficult case, a very allusive art thief, reminiscent of the smuggler from The Blind Banker case. They’d found him and was chasing him through Central London when Sherlock suggested they split up and look for him. John hadn’t liked the idea but before he could protest, Sherlock was off. Cursing the whole time, John went in the opposite direction. He supposed it was just bad luck that he was the one who found the thief. They were standing in an alley, in between two flat buildings with windows behind them both. The moment they saw each other they had pulled their guns, his 10mm automatic leveled at John’s head and John’s Sig leveled at the thief’s chest. John had scanned the darkened windows for civilians, an old military habit from his days as a Captain, and was relieved to see they were empty. John wasn’t sure how long they stood there in a stand off until Sherlock found them.
Then he met Sherlock and suddenly it was
John was so ready to murder Magnussen right there. Regardless if he was one who pulled the trigger. He was there. This was his fault. All of this was.
"I'm afraid not. But I assure you, I'm doing what I can to find out. Magnussen's legal people are giving us the run around for the security footage, but we'll get it. And they'll be aptly punished."
John decided that the reason the voice in his head sounded like Mycroft had absolutely nothing to do with the conversation they had 5 minutes-
“Nothing. Just thought about something. Stand up.”
Once he put on the shoes he walked out to find Sherlock in the same exact position he was in when John went inside the bathroom, still texting.
Sherlock nodded and got to his feet, never taking his eyes from John’s. John nodded and removed his arm, taking Sherlock’s hand instead before turning to Greg. “Questions tomorrow.” It wasn’t a request and all of them knew it. Greg just nodded absentmindedly as he looked at the window where the shot was fired, a smirk tugging on his mouth.
Sherlock had noticed John’s heart immediately upon meeting him. Any fool would see a military man just from a glance. Queen, country, and all other such trivial nonsense would be where most would stop their assessment. But add in his sister’s (Sherlock still cringed when he thought about how he had missed that) drinking habits, his absent-minded attitude toward his leg while standing, and his medical training? A very different picture formed.
At some point Mycroft left. Molly and Greg slipped off too, and soon John was alone staring at the wall and running the scene in Magnussen's office through his head one last time.
“He’s already half in love with her; I doubt there’s much Molly could do that would prevent him from asking her out on a second date. Now, go in there,” Sherlock nodded toward the door marked ‘Employees’. “And change. You can’t play in an oatmeal coloured jumper and jeans."
John’s hips began to rock against Sherlock, soft moans and gasps escaping them both. Sherlock’s fingers found the hem of John’s shirt and started tugging it up. John immediately lifted his arms and allowed Sherlock to peel his shirt off him. Sherlock raised his arms in return and John wasted no time undressing him. Sherlock kissed his way down John’s neck, his shoulder his chest. He left his tongue glide over one of John’s nipples, flicking it with his tongue before taking it into his mouth and sucking, rolling it between his teeth. John should have been embarrassed at the sound he made, at his back arching so far and pushing further into Sherlock’s mouth, his hands tangled in that mess of black inky curls. He didn’t know how such a small action had turned him into this panting, needy,
in love with Sherlock.
"He's made it through. They're taking him to a private room now, but he won't be having any visitors for awhile. You should go home and get some rest." He smiled and walked back the way he came. Molly let out a nervous, joyful chuckle and Greg wrapped her in his arms. Sherlock was okay.
” John sputtered.
Mary was coming up the steps.
For trusting Sherlock with his daughter after he caused the death of his wife.
“They know I’m a doctor. All I do is criticise their work anyway.”
It took a minute for the red tint to ebb away from the sides of his vision, to realise he had been standing there for nearly five minutes without saying anything, and to notice that Sherlock was staying stock still. John needed names. He needed them now.
He missed the danger but he missed
instead of
The next three things happened very
“How do you know I haven’t played in a while?” John asked, deciding to let Sherlock show some more. Plus, he was genuinely curious.
“Sherlock, did you interrupt Molly’s date for this?” John asked, incredulous
John doesn't answer for a minute. Really thinking about the answer. In terms of being gay or bisexual? No, there was nothing wrong with that. But John wasn't sure he was either of those things. He'd never been attracted to men before Sherlock. Not even back in uni when a few of his mates experimented or in Afghanistan when some of his fellow soldiers tried it. He earned the name Three Continents Watson
"Mary."
“I’d have rather you not get hit by a cab!”
as to not disturb Sherlock as he woke up. His eyes fluttered open and stared, unseeing, at the ceiling.
“No. Hurry up!”
hospital.
"Yeah. Yeah you're right. I'm sorry, I just...Sherlock can't. Bloody bastard can't do this sort of of shit again." John's voice sounded rough and hard even to his own ears, but only Molly and Greg heard the note of panic and denial hidden there.
"Alright. Just take me straight through it, yeah?"
The doctor, John struggled to remember his name, only knowing his face because he was the one who was going to bring John's world crashing around his ears, walked into the room. Every cell in John's body went on high alert, his blood practically vibrating. Subconsciously he was aware that he had stood, that his hands had found their way into fists and that he looked ready to bolt. Either to Sherlock or from his body, he wasn't sure.
“How are you going to do that? Won’t the workers be…working?”
“Of course, John. Doctor’s orders, wouldn’t dare go against those.”
John turns back to Mary and glances toward Sherlock's room. He wants to see him again. "Room 303." He tells her and turns back around to face the DI, who's just reached him.
this took so long.
“Yes.”
“What do you think, Sherlock? I wasn’t sure whether to go with the full captain uniform or the soldier.”
“What does any of that have to do with this situation?” Sherlock said. John did not feel up to playing this back and forth game with Sherlock. He stood up straighter and looked directly at Sherlock’s face. He hadn’t commanded anyone since his army days, but that didn’t mean he doesn’t remember how.
“I needed to fix it first. I couldn’t give you something that was broken, I needed to fix it. I need to fix it.” John could feel something hot and wet sliding down his neck and into his shirt. His heart froze, shattered, mended itself, and melted in the three seconds it took to realise that Sherlock was crying. “I needed to fix it. I needed it to fix it.”
. He'd let Sherlock run off every girl who'd come to the flat, interrupted every date and
, like the ground had shifted beneath him. The queasy feeling when he'd actually flirted with her, touched her,
John felt the prickle of tears sting his eyes, but he beat them back with a litany of
“What? Why?” Sherlock’s voice was no longer curious, but concerned. A little afraid. John looked at him and stopped. He had only seen fear on Sherlock’s face one time, at Baskerville. And now here it was again, staring up and John as if begging him not make him do it. It only there for a second, before being placed with cold indifference, but John knew him well enough to still see it lingering underneath.
Neither one of us said anything. Just looked at each other and had another silent conversation. Saying things that, for some reason, we can’t bring ourselves to verbalise.
, Sherlock.” He takes Sherlock’s mouth, plundering it with his tongue and moaning in relief as Sherlock melts against him.
"Yeah, the security was pretty tight there. Only Magnussen's key card could activate the lift to get to his office. Sherlock didn't have it, but he nicked a standard one from someone, somewhere. I didn't ask."
He had made up his mind about John’s intelligence during the Andrew West case. As much as he had wanted to slight Mycroft, the case was rather good. Too good to give up, even if it meant pleasing his brother. However, he found more enjoyment in watching John solve the case then he would have in solving it himself. John would be on the path to obvious and boring, but then he would ask a question. The right question, as Sherlock often said. Every now and then, John would show that he could think along the lines of slightly superior intelligence, and Sherlock just couldn’t bring himself to interrupt.
"No. He was shot. He died. And by some miracle he managed to start breathing again. I do not care how many favours we have to do for you. When you find out who did this, you tell me, and then you make it go away."
They were exhausted. The case had spanned two weeks, which means both Sherlock and John were running on the fumes of everything essential for human survival. Food, sleep, energy. John held Rosie in his arms and had just planned to sit down on the couch for a moment, just to get his bearings. Sherlock sat beside him, wishing to do much the same thing.
The next time he noticed John, it was mid-afternoon. The previous night, or rather, very early that morning, John and Sherlock had just gotten home after a very fascinating serial killer case. Sherlock trudged up the steps to unlock the door while John retrieved a sleeping Rosie from a very awake Mrs. Hudson. He never understood why she insisted on berating him over his sleeping habits, when she was always awake at the same ungodly hours that he was.
, is what I’m sure he reads in mine.
He forgave him within a week.
John nodded to himself and took a deep breathe. “I’ll be back in a few hours, Sherlock. Try not to burn the flat down while I’m gone, yeah?”
-comes back out and catches John's eye over Mary's shoulder. She smiles and nods and John understand what she means.
"Make what, exactly, go away, John?"
“Hey.” John said, sitting up and looking around the room as if wondering why he was here and not in his bed.
“You did not do this to me, John. It is
. John moved to get up, but his limbs were still only half functioning and they were heavy with exhaustion, so he flopped back down onto the bed and burrowed back under the covers.
Sherlock’s body twitched to step forward. John opened his mouth to shout at him to stay put. A shot rang out.
. The word flashed through his mind, but he bit his tongue to prevent it from slipping out. Never again, he swore to himself, never again would he call Sherlock a machine. The last time he did that, Sherlock killed himself. Suddenly John wanted to fall to his knees and cry. He wanted to crawl out of his skin, he wanted to jump from the top of Bart’s
"Probably taken somewhere, gotten the piss kicked out of him." He chuckles and shakes his head, and I can't help but laugh with him.
“Sorry?” I look up immediately at the confusion in his voice, and find that his face matches. Eyebrows furrowed, head titled slightly, looking like an inquisitive little boy who’s just asked why the sky was blue and had gotten an answer that didn’t make a lick of sense.
"His first word when he woke up?" She shakes her head, confused
John paused. It wasn't as though the thought had never occurred to him. Many times he found himself questioning what he was doing with Mary. Finding out Sherlock had left his wedding early was like a bullet to the heart. The month afterward was like the resulting infection. He had long since accepted that he needed Sherlock the way Sherlock needed cases. The way normal people needed air. He would wake up in bed, beside Mary, from dreams of Sherlock and late night London cab chases wondering why he had gone through with it. He loved Mary, he truly did. And like Sherlock, she had come at a point in his life when he was questioning living at all. But then Sherlock came back, and underneath all the rage and hurt he was so unbelievably happy. When he had grabbed Sherlock in the restaurant he wasn't sure if he was going to kiss Sherlock or kill him.
John snapped at Sherlock to call the police three times, but all Sherlock did was stare at him, his mouth agape. John had eventually phoned Lestrade himself, shaking his head the entire time trying to figure out what was wrong with Sherlock. It was hardly the first time he’d been held at gun point.
He said nothing in return. He didn’t like the fact that Sherlock’s joke had much more truth in it then he knew. John believed in justice just as much as any good man or Yarder but he didn’t give a rat’s ass if it meant Sherlock getting hurt. Thankfully, he finally got the door open and was quickly distracted by Mrs. Hudson’s immediate chattering.
"Sherlock's always been rather difficult to get rid of. You can imagine how he used to follow me around. Not matter how cross I became with him." Mycroft's gaze softened as he looked at his younger brother. "I shouldn't have been so cross with him." he continued quietly, as though he wasn't aware he had said that bit out loud.
"Not sure."
with Sherlock.
John was wearing a tan shirt, tight across his chest, and army fatigue pants tucked into tan army boots. He looked nervous, his hand clenching and unclenching in rapid succession.
“Who?” John’s voice, to his own ears, sounded hard and cold. Sherlock tilted his head to peek at John’s expression. Whatever he saw there made him turn around fully, pull on his shirt, and button it up within seconds.
Their kisses slowed. They turned loving it spoke volumes on their love for each other rather than the fear and hunger of previous kisses before. John slid off of Sherlock’s lap and led him to their bedroom, where they spent hours upon hours upon
is what Molly doesn't say.
name he called out when he climaxed. He tried to fight it off, saying it was only because Sherlock made a point of trying to invade every single part of his life, of him, until there was nothing that wasn't
“You’ll say you’re fine up until you pass out from exhaustion or until you’re so thin and weak I have to force feed you.”
. John needed to correct that. Now. Yesterday. He crashed his lips to Sherlock’s in a deep bruising kiss, opening him up and slowly pushing his tongue inside, languidly tangling it with Sherlock. As affectionate as Sherlock was, emotion confused him. Scared him even, sometimes. So John was not going to be sentimental with Sherlock. He was going to be honest and logical.
A pressure built up in his throat, and he made sure to school his expression. John was sitting directly across from him, reading the trades and unhurriedly eating a strip of bacon. He would know, he always knew, when Sherlock was spiraling into a danger mood. His grip tightened on the fork in his hand and he forced himself to breathe, to shovel some more eggs into his mouth, to be
A throat cleared in the doorway, and John looked up to see Mycroft standing there with an unreadable expression on his face. John wasn't sure when he had reached up and took Sherlock's hand in his, but he pulled it away at the sight of his brother.
"Yes."
Sherlock's room when he hears Greg call his name from the lobby below.
by Muse. It was one of his favourites. The one song both he and Harry were sure he’d be able to play when he was a blind 90 year old man. He smiled softly to himself and began to play, letting the words flow in his head in time to the music.
“He was getting away, John. Would you rather he escape justice or go to jail?” His voice was slightly slurred from the pain killers John forced the EMTs to give him. Because of his drug use he had a ridiculous tolerance and they had to give him enough that would probably knock out a horse. It wasn’t something he liked thinking about.
“Molly.”
"He's only bloody woken up. He's pulled through." John hears the giddy relief in his voice that is just slightly too much for a best friend and hopes Mary doesn't notice.
"Making chit-chat?"
He missed
“Well he would have gotten away if I hadn’t been hit by a cab. I’m concerned about your priorities.”
“Didn’t Sherlock explain?”
When Greg arrived at the scene he looked at Sherlock, at John, and at the body before muttering curses and calling Mycroft. John had the sense to look sheepish and went to stand beside Sherlock as they walked out. He knew he wouldn’t be able to get away with it again. It was something he’d have to work on, not acting on the knee jerk reaction to
"Not very much, but you might want to wait until I'm finished." John could hear the amusement in his voice and tried to keep the smile off he face. Sherlock was constantly breaking the law, but overall the good he did outweighed the bad, so Lestrade always let them slide. As much as he could, anyway. John honestly believed that if Anderson and Donovan hadn't insisted they go to the Chief Superintendent, things never would have gotten as far as they had.
song. He played for hours and hours and only stopped as John was starting to drift off to sleep.
“Oh Sherlock! What have you done now? What’s happened?”
where the coffee was in his own flat
It was after Sherlock’s “death”. It was the two years spent away from John that made Sherlock realize how much he had come to depend on the man. John quickly became the voice in his head, reminding him of annoyingly banal things.
Sherlock didn't really notice he was falling in love with John until it was over and done with. Having no experience with such things, he had actually seen, felt, and evaluated each step he had taken toward the inevitable end that was loving John Watson; yet he hadn't known what exactly it was he was observing within himself. It happened in four stages.
“Do we need the gun?” He calls down, barely getting the question out before receiving a clipped response from Sherlock.
“Doesn’t mat- how can it not matter Sherlock! Ho- when did the-
and nothing will ever change that.
"But if he didn't have the right one, how did he get in?"
"Er- yeah, he can. He's asleep though."
Now he was back sitting in the waiting room, bent over, forearms resting his on his knees and his head cradled in his hands. All he could think about was walking into that room and seeing Sherlock-
He felt himself tense at the thought. He looked over at John, watched him feed Rosie some surprisingly pleasant mush that was meant to taste like squash. He relaxed a little and felt the corner of his mouth tugging up into a small smile despite his express commands not to. John looked up and caught his eyes. Sherlock watched as his mouth did the same, skin crinkling slightly around his eyes as it did so.
“Stand up, Sherlock. Do it now.” Sherlock didn’t move for a few seconds. Didn’t speak, didn’t blink. John’s not even sure is he still breathed.
“Wha-”
He wasn’t sure when they closed their eyes, but when he opened them again, sunlight was streaming through their window and hitting Rosie’s and John’s face. Rosie’s face was round still, her lips pink, and her hair blonde like her mother’s. Sherlock noticed the strands of gold in her curly hair, and the golden tint of her eyelashes. He had always known this, but he was once again reminded that Rosie was a beautiful baby girl and would be a source of much stress for both her father and himself.
. John never took note of how good Sherlock looked in his posh suits. Never thought that Sherlock in that purple suit should be illegal. He definitely never caught himself staring too long at Sherlock’s lips, hands, hair. Never kept eye contact a beat too long. Never felt disappointment when it ended. John loved Sherlock but he was
Watching John that day, watching him stare at the tracks as though he could see the answer right there, but his mind was too out of focus to really make sense of it, Sherlock had smiled to himself. John was so much smarter than the common man. So much more fascinating. Sherlock had already let John into his life, had already considered him a friend and cared about him. Now, though, he was proud of John. He didn’t know if these new found observational skills were a product of his relationship with Sherlock or if it was something already in him, looking for a reason to be put to use. Either way, now was the time to intervene. John had solved the main portion, now Sherlock would put the story together for him. He couldn’t help but smile as he remembered how happy John had been to solve his first case on his own.
The cab ride was dead silent. They didn’t talk at all, in fact, until the next morning where they both pretended like John hadn’t accidentally revealed something about himself and that Sherlock hadn’t been mesmerised by it.
No. John didn't want to think about that. He didn't want to remember how his stomach jumped into his throat and burning coals took it's place.
John tried to manage a small smile of thanks but really he just trudged to Sherlock's room. He was terrified, he realised. He didn't want to see Sherlock hooked up to machines. He didn't want any of this to be real. He didn't want the last 3 years to be real. He stopped outside Sherlock's door and closed his eyes, taking a deep breath. They were back at Baker Street. Sitting too close on the sofa, eating Chinese, and arguing about why Sherlock must ruin the ending to every perfectly good movie John attempts to watch on the telly.
It was more in their new relationship. Sherlock kissed him in the morning and stretched out on the couch with his head in John’s lap. Sometimes he would just walk over to where John was sitting in his chair, pluck the paper from his hands or the laptop off his lap, and curl into ball in its place, practically purring while John threaded his hands through his hair. For all intents and purposes he was a very affectionate house cat. But that’s as far as it went, really. They’d been together for two months. John was absolutely fine with taking it slow; not wanting to take anything Sherlock wasn’t ready to give. He had to admit, though, that he was surprised. Sherlock was direct about
John opened the door and walked in. His heart broke for the man lying in bed, because of the man lying in bed.
. He still has nightmares about it. Sometimes John getting shot and landing on his back, suddenly in the desert. Sometimes it’s Sherlock getting shot, in the head, in the heart, falling into the pool and turning the water red. Sometimes it’s the bomb exploding and then they’re going home and
“Shouldn’t you be going to hospital then.”
Sherlock to trust him with this even if Sherlock didn’t fully understand what
"Sherlock?"
"I'll never understand you, Dr. Watson. You kill for him, you move in with him, you put up with him, you marry another and then do not make a single move to tell her where you've been all night; opting instead to wallow in worry in an A&E for my brother."
Greg sighed and put his pen down. "Exactly how much code will you be talking in?"
, is what I read in Sherlock’s face.
. Whether it be chasing down a criminal or asking for a cuddle, he wasn’t shy about want he wanted or needed.
He found himself missing the oddest things. The humidity in the bathroom every time he went in after John had just finished showering, the sight of hideous oatmeal colored jumpers, the sound of groceries being dumped on the table and the accompanying lecture about the necessity of food and eating. He missed how John would bring him tea throughout the day, somehow just knowing that it was exactly what Sherlock had wanted in that moment, and he missed pretending not to notice how it got there.
"I was going to but Sherlock got to him first. I asked if he was alright but apparently he was some white supremacist ex-con so it didn't really rank that high on either of our priority lists." Greg nodded in what John could only assumed was understanding." I stayed with Janine while he looked in Magnussen's office. She had started waking up so I-"
He finished and looked out into the crowd. No one was eating. Everyone was staring at him. Including a waiter who was currently being absentmindedly handcuffed by Greg, who was also staring at John, who was standing beside Sherlock, who was staring very intently at John with a look he couldn’t even begin to decipher.
“We fell asleep on the sofa. Rosie just woke up.”
“I’m going to look around. Talk to a few of the workers.”
Sherlock stood and braced himself.
was the one who had gotten shot. Thankfully he wouldn’t have to do either.
"Then yes."
“Case a few months back. Burglary at the piano shop on Albany. You were visibly upset at the vandalism of a Beichman. I’ve also caught you tapping your fingers. Not in any particular tune, but in a way that resembled playing piano. You even had the placements right. But you haven’t played in a while so you must have been quite good.” Sherlock had tucked his phone back into his trouser pockets and was bloody preening at being able to show off for John again. John tried not to think about how good that made him feel. He failed.
He leaned over and kissed him. It was hard and desperate and tasted like salt from John’s tears. He needed to make the hurt go away, for both of them.
. So had he seen Mary? No, why would he have seen her? People claimed to see relatives or pets or things they loved and Mary doesn't qualify as any of those things. Sherlock's always been fond of Mary, sure. They get on, but does he care enough to see her after dy-
pleasure in killing whoever had done this.
“Bloody idiot.” John grumbled under his breath. He had one arm around Sherlock’s waist, supporting him, and the other hand trying to unlock the door to 221B. The git just had to chase after that bloody thief in middle of bloody traffic.
"Was the security guard alright?"
kill Sherlock. The doctor had come out with the words perched on his lips, ready to fly free and stab John repeatedly in his heart and his stomach, when Sherlock's heart had started beating again and they called him back. John had promptly left the waiting room, walked into the bathroom, and vomited until he head hurt and his entire face was slick with sweat.
“Your shirt, Sherlock. I need to check your ribs.” We looked at each for a moment, then he shed his jacket and started unbuttoning his shirt. I looked down and set up the supplies. Once that was finished I set to work.
Mrs. Hudson. Maybe his parents. He saw Sherlock bustle them out of the flat much the same way he's done Mrs. Hudson, so John's inclined to believe that he cares about her on nearly, if not entirely, the same level as his parents. He certainly doesn't see her as a pet. John's not even sure Sherlock understands the purpose of a pet. John tries to think of Sherlock with one and all he sees is
The sense memory of being tackled and having his gun ripped out of his hand brings him back to the present. He wishes he could be angry with Greg and his caution, but he understands too well where it comes from. He can't even use 'I was drunk' as an excuse for that one. That's probably the worst thing about the whole two year situation. The most destructive thing he did was done while completely sober.  "Yeah. We can do it now. Mary's visiting Sherlock right now anyways." They head into the waiting room and sit down, John leaning forward and resting his arms on his legs while Greg pulls out a pen and notebook.
“Right. Erm- you’re the distraction. You’re going to play for them.”
Greg looks at him for a second, then he reaches over and grabs his pad and pen. "What business did Sherlock have with Magnussen?"
Being extracted from Serbia had been one of the best moments of his life. Not because it meant and end to running, killing, and more immediately, the torture, but because it meant he was going home. He was going to see John. John would be overjoyed to have Sherlock back into his life, and Sherlock would do his best to hide the fact that he felt the same. He would fail, but John would pretend that he had succeeded.
John was not in love with Sherlock Holmes. John definitely loved Sherlock Holmes. How could he not? The mad bastard was, without a doubt, the most fascinating creature John had ever seen. He was manic and the personification of adrenaline and
Yet there was no riding crop this time. As the consulting detective was preoccupied with a microscope and whatever it was he was examining, Molly treated John to coffee. He found it odd, since the woman never particularly sought his company. Her smile a little weak and tired, stories about cats and decaying corpses not very amusing. But he listened regardless. With all the cold ignorance she had received from Sherlock, at least someone had to listen to the poor thing. It was definitely worth it for at least the coffee, she'd got better at making it.
Sherlock was far away, walking the corridors of his mind palace, checking every room of each wing and each floor. After all, without keeping all necessary information in a stable order, it wasn't even worth storing them. Things like chemistry, that meant the foundation of the building couldn't be on higher floors; the knowledge he accessed the most often, part of that the map of London, couldn't be locked away in dark little corner rooms he passed by almost every time.
, as John said. But also, he'd have been lying if he said he didn't enjoy it. He hadn't slept that well in what felt like ages. And John didn't mind it, didn't push him away or left him there alone. If anything, his behaviour spoke that not only did he not mind it, he... was fine with it. Comfortable with his annoying dick of a flatmate falling asleep on him. Sherlock smiled faintly. If nothing more serious ever happened, if he could never gather his courage to tell him about his stupid infatuation, he'd still have that night to treasure. Nobody could ever take that memory from him.
"Good morning, Doctor Watson" came the dangerously calm reply.
He cracked a grin, shaking his head. That night could only become so much of a disaster. Holmes surely had something clever to say, with a probable undertone of cynism or sarcasm, as per usual. As per usual, but not at that very moment. He didn't seem to have an answer for this.
"Black, two sugars, thank you." The younger man responded, anxious thoughts spiraling into his brain, drowning the blissful ones.
), the shivers when he ran his eyes over him, or licked his lips. And there was the memory. The moment of looking at his new flatmate and knowing: he shot the cabbie from the opposite building. His thoughts and heart raced each other then, trying to see which of them's faster, because John Watson, the very John Watson he met just a day prior, just killed a man
"So..." the taller man cleared his throat. "What about that coffee again?" His flatmate only sighed, walking back to their shared desk and taking his seat again.
At last, he resorted to: "Seen anything similar in your dreams?"
15-03-2014 6:35 PM
"I lied to you!" he shouted, uttering John surprised and speechless. "Just now. The snipers... they weren't aiming at me. He'd played that card before. Moriarty had a different fate in store for me. There were three of those men, each targeting someone I care about. Mrs. Hudson, Lestrade, and
"A red rose without thorns is a symbol of passion, love, and romance. While a red rose with thorns typically exemplifies the struggle and challenges associated with journey of love, meaning that it can be both joyous, fulfilling and delicate, as well as painful and cruel."
John stood close, way too close, looking up at him with lips slightly parted. If it was anybody else, say, Molly Hooper, or Irene Adler, he would've used the word 'expectant' to describe them. But John Watson... no, he couldn't have possibly been waiting for anything but maybe an apology, or Sherlock saying he'd stay. No other possible options, as he didn't return the detective's unpredictable and unfortunately strong sentiments. Yet there he was. He licked his lips and waited. And the rest was instinct.
"Yes, sure. And? Why should I care?!" If he wasn't fed up until that point, he surely got there by then.
"Sherlock!"
"-and Mycroft will cover my half of the rent. He just doesn't know it yet." Sherlock explained with a sly smile, already envisioning his brother's face in the moment he tells him.
His bed, his room, his aftershave. Yes, he surely must've known what happened. There had to be an explanation. John propped himself up on one elbow, and took a closer look at his friend.
"I don't speak like that." he crossed his arms, John following suit as he stepped forward.
He glanced out of the window. Judging from the position of the moon, it must've been around midnight. He was ready.
He remembered getting shot on the field, the bullet shattering his collarbone. Remembered waking up after the surgery, laying in his hospital bed, numb, not knowing what to do or where to go next. Still wanting to fight. He dreamt with that scene more times than he could count, more often again since the only one to stop them left him. But there he lied, back again, with scars of his own.
12-03-2014 9:08 AM
"You stuck to me like glue. Which is... good, as I could still fit next to you lying down, but also... the last time I slept like this with another man was during my military days, when we had a 2-person sleeping place for the 5 of us. You're like them a lot. You hold rather strong. People couldn't tell if they looked at you." responded John, a smile still evident in his voice. So, what he cuddled into merely minutes ago... what he thought was a pillow was actually...
He's broken. He's scarred. He's definitely not the same person who left. But he's here. He's his. And John Watson is never committing the mistake of letting him go ever again.
"Lazarus returned from the dead as his journey wasn't done in this world yet. He served a purpose. For his family and close friends, his return must have been a miracle." Softening the blow with metaphors was not something his brother would've normally done. Oh, no. He was testing John to see how long it took him to catch on. Clever.
he beamed mentally. But his blush was nothing compared to the one the next sentence brought to him. "You're very... clingy in your sleep, you know that?"
Silence hung thick and suffocating in the room, as John scanned his flatmate's face over and over again in disbelief. The exact same facial expression as after the fall, when he was by his side and clutching his wrist, checking for a pulse, desperately searching for any sign of life. The same, shocked and devastated face looked at him now, only with a bit more stubble than back then. Goodness, ever the handsome man, even when traumatised.
Mycroft inhaled sharply. "It doesn't quite take a genius' intellect to understand what I'm trying to tell you, now, does it, Doctor Watson?" Sherlock stood up from where he was crouching, and took a very careful peek at the two men. Shivers ran down his spine when he saw John. The older man was facing his way, almost directly, but didn't notice him. Not that he expected him to, he never noticed anything.
"Jesus Christ, Mycroft! Can't you knock?" He sounded so tired, voice hoarse from probably not speaking much those past days. "What are you doing here anyway?"
"A brief excursion to the good doctor?" Mycroft asked immediately, making his brother's heart clench. "Didn't you say you were keeping your survival a secret from him?"
come back?" she asked with her voice slightly raised, hands on her hips. She reminded him of his mother, standing like that. Mrs. Holmes took a similar position when scolding her children for misbehaviour.
"Why am I not surprised you two had multiple plans? Or that you screwed me over?" he grinned painfully.
Sherlock smiled to himself.
He sat up at an alarming velocity, finding himself next to his flatmate, lying on his back, hair disheveled and grinning at him.
And in the moment that would've made Sherlock's 'delusional fantasies' reality, his phone sounded with a loud text alert noise, breaking them apart. John looked at him like a deer in headlights, and the detective's gaze must've been something similar. How he hated Mycroft in that moment... but deep down somewhere, he was grateful. If they actually kissed, there was no guarantee one or both of them wouldn't regret it later. Sherlock for losing control over his actions, and John for letting him.
"How many jokes have I made since you know me?"
"Sherlock..." he heard someone say from far away, accompanied by a yawn. The person, undeniably a male, successfully woke him, but not for long before his eyelids forced themselves shut again. The detective whined, making a similar sound to a dragged 'no', and cuddled back into his pillow. "Sherlock, you git. It's morning. Wake up."
Sherlock felt his eyes welling up. Why? Why now? He needed to face what he had done with pride, apologise and leave. Emotions, *
"Damn it!" John snapped his fingers with a frown, earning a short laugh from Sherlock. "You know," he grinned to himself, "I wish I was there, and could've seen your reactions. I can only imagine what your brother had to go through. 'The fuck is that there? Why the fuck does it cost so much? People who actually buy this are stupid. Everyone is an idiot who's not me.'" he deepened his voice as he tried to imitate the younger man, much to his dismay.
What now? John asked him a lot of things. Title suggestions, whether he wanted coffee or tea, to buy something from the store, why were there eyeballs in the microwave, and so on. A thousand options, a million possible answers. No time to consider them all. "Black, two sugars, thank you." The coffee question was the most common, especially at that hour of the morning. Given it was still 9 o'clock. He'd lost count of just how much time he spent doing what he did. The talking continued. He could hear him, but ignored him. Probably not important.
"You dreamt with me?" he asked, dumbfounded.
Aaand here's where we're picking up from next time.
The dinner was pleasant, and the doctor was pretty sure that was the first time he'd seen Sherlock eat that week. Even if the only thing he ate was a breadstick, and even that was the result of five minutes of begging. Angelo went through the usual trouble of lighting them a candle, but, unlike last time, the conversation went well. No awkward questions about sexuality, or murder cases to uncover. Every time he went out with somebody, be that a potential girlfriend, Mike Stamford, or just some other friend, he felt bored of sitting at a table, eating, and having a plain, uninteresting conversation. But not that night. For that night, John Watson, for the first time in his life, didn't want a dinner to end.
At that very moment, he spent some time in what he deemed his Room of Arts, resembling his old music classroom in primary school on the interior. Sheet music served as the wallpaper, several songs on violin he held dear. Some of them on old, wrinkled paper, others on clean, white ones, bearing the consulting detective's own name as the composer. The desks were pushed to the side, plenty of room to even dance in there. When he needed a break after an exhausting case, that is where he withdrew while his blogger was doing his thing on his laptop.
A month had passed and still Sherlock just played that song. It was beginning to irritate John, if he was being honest with himself.
John decided not to think about how Sherlock knew he was done dressing.
It could have been minutes later or it could have been hours later, John will probably never know for sure, but eventually he finds himself back in the waiting room. In reality it was really only seconds later because while half of his brain, the half that had finally allowed itself to acknowledge exactly how deep his attachment to Sherlock went, the other half, the half was military trained, had pressed the call button for the nurse. He must have said something along the lines of 'he's awake' because then he was being pushed put of the room and into the corridor outside the waiting room while doctors and nurses filed in, checking the machines and flipping through his chart as though they hadn't really expected him to wake up again, even though they had said he was okay.
“More than they value the patient’s care?”
He felt Rosie’s restless weight in his arms. He heard John trying not to bang pans on the stove.
It didn't make since.
“I know you, Sherlock. You’re jumpy. You haven’t been jumpy since…” He trails off, neither one of them needing to finish that sentence to understand.
, Sherlock!” At some point he had started backing up. At some point he tripped and fell into his chair. At some point Sherlock had kneeled in front of him and taken John’s face in his hands.
Time froze for about 10 years as John processed those three things. John mentally prepared himself to brutally murder this man if Sherlock had gotten shot. John mentally prepared himself to talk Sherlock through treating a gun wound before an ambulance arrived if
It turned from frantic and hard and desperate to slow and sweet and loving as they went back to each other’s lips. They were both panting by the end, looking into each other eyes and wondering why the
“Sherlock. Eating. Yes?”
Sherlock cut him off by gripping his shirt and slamming his mouth on John’s once more. It was uncoordinated and sloppy and their teeth clinked but neither of them cared because it was so
"Why don't you let me be the judge of that?"
"No. So, Sherlock scans the card and, I had no idea yet that Janine was the PA, but she answered and Sherlock asked to come up. Janine's a good person, honest. So of course she says no, she can't. Sherlock, the complete dickhead, pulls out a ring and proposes to her." His throat feels thick and his stomach drops like a 15 ton stone in water as the images of Sherlock holding a ring to the camera flashes before him. He had never wanted to throw up more in his life. Wanted to scream and stomp his feet like a 4 year old yelling 'Mine! Mine! Mine!'
Then he stopped breathing.
"I'm really sorry about....Sherlock. He doesn't ever intentionally hurt people, you know. The thought never really crosses his mind, I don't think, even though he knows that it would only end badly."
“I love you.” Sherlock’s voice was deep and steady as he said it, washing over John and causing a warm feeling to settle in his chest and spread through every part of his body.
"What do you mean?"
"He got engaged to break into an office, Mycroft. When I tried to explain why that was a bit not good, that Janine loved him, he said 'human error'. He doesn't love anything. Except maybe murder." John really didn't want to be having this conversation at all, let alone with Mycroft of all people.
John let out a choked breath that sounded entirely too much like a sob. "Sherlock? Sherlock can you hear me?" John ignored the embarrassing amount of relief in his voice, thankful that Sherlock was in no state to take note of it anyway.
Yes, he would take
John shot straight up in his bed. This song.
"No, s'pose not. But then how do they ID him?'
this song.
John wasn't sure how long they were in there before Mycroft came in. The fact that the presence of the oldest Holmes brother did not set John on edge was a testament to how out of sorts John was.
Sherlock finally stood up, with a look of anguish in his eyes, and turned around.
more. He
(See the end of the chapter for
"Yeah."
“How did you know I could play?” John asked. By now he usually just accepted that Sherlock knew things about him, but the piano was something John had actively tried to keep from Sherlock. He hadn’t played in years and he was very much afraid that Sherlock would decide it was time to add a grand piano to their already cluttered flat.
Then he married Mary and divorced within a year after finding out the baby wasn’t his. He moved back to 221B and continued on with his life, losing the memory of Mary in his adventures with Sherlock. It’s been a difficult view months back in the flat with Sherlock. His memories did him absolutely no justice in regards to the beautiful, crazy chaos that was his detective.
“You’ll be amazing. You always are. Go.” Sherlock gave John a gentle shove toward the piano platform and disappeared behind the red doors, not giving John a chance to react or even process the compliment from Sherlock. Swallowing his fear and his pride, he walked up the steps ready to make a fool of himself. He realised, as he sat down on the bench of the glossy black Steinway & Sons, that he had no idea whether or not he was supposed to really play for these people or bomb on purpose.
"No."
. John would make them breakfast and for Sherlock to eat a little something, and afterward he would go play.
you, John. I didn’t have a choice, I had to keep you safe. I needed to make sure his network was destroyed, I needed to keep you safe.” There was the fear again. In his voice, his face his eyes. But this time it was John making him afraid. Sherlock had hurt enough,
“Amazing!” John blurted. He’d been careful with his praise these last few months. They came out far too often for too little and he was afraid Sherlock would start reading in to it. Sherlock was just so bloody
"Doctor. It's Dr. Watson."
Greg rubs his eyes and sighs, something John remembers doing every time he's a similar conversation with Sherlock. "So a day, then?"
No. Sherlock was not safe. He wasn't going to be safe until John found the killer. And he was
Sherlock's smile was everything but happy. "I will" he responded. There was clearly no more room for speeches, nor for confessions. They had both been said before. All that was left was the reluctant goodbye. The detective sighed, and extended his left hand towards John, who looked at it with a puzzled expression. "To the very best of times." he said.
I'm so sorry I took so long with this, lovelies! I worked every free minute I had to give you the most beautiful ending I could. Here they are, my boys, going out with their quiet little explosion. Enjoy, and see you in something new sometime soon ~ xx
"John? Are you coming?" No. Sherlock was very much alive, and looking at him from the cab, with an impatient look on his face. John sighed with relief, and got in after him.
"Please, don't say he's-"
*, was not part of the plan in the slightest. People like him don't deserve to love people like John. And yet, here he was. Longing so stupidly after a man who would never look at him the same if he told him. Running after a train that wouldn't wait for him.
Later that afternoon, when the consulting detective returned to his mind palace to finish the check-up, he made a curious discovery. He walked towards the door again, the one with the broken lock. He knew it. With a soft creak, the door opened ever-so-slightly upon approach. "So be it..." he muttered.
He turned back, lips automatically pulling into a smile. "Hello, stranger." Sherlock reached for the discarded blanket in a hurry, hiding his bare torso from his flatmate's eyes. Though, quite frankly, John could've done without it. It was not a bad sight in the slightest.
Sherlock's emotional side is a joy to work with, you guys. Sorry for any pain I might have caused, or will cause with the next two chapters.
Sherlock sat there, blinking at the rug and blushing profusely (and not only because of his fantasies of John in a uniform), not knowing if he should be flattered or horrified. That was definitely not what he intended, not in the slightest. If he was awake, he wouldn't ever have dared to be that
* * * * *
John shook his head while the corners of his mouth pulled to a smile of disbelief. He remembered their last conversation well, but didn't think Sherlock would actually take his awkward joke seriously. Or that he'd ever see him again, for that matter. But every sign indicated that he was only moments away from it. He let out a chuckle. He should have known from the start. Last time he left that door open, Mycroft scared him half to death and Sherlock pulled a Jesus on him.
warn him in his last text, but even so, the doctor's days felt lonelier and much longer than they'd ever been. And the last update he had received, from none other than Mycroft, concerned him to no extent.
. "I asked you if you could help me with a blog title." he said, giving Sherlock a look with the slightest hint of disappointment.
"Well, you sure as hell surprised me!" he shook his head with a grin, cupping Sherlock's cheeks softly. "But you don't need that thing on you. I was in the army, remember? I've seen worse." The younger man seemed surprised, but obliged. Luckily, John concluded as he glanced down, his chest was clear of any scars.
"He called you a couple minutes ago. It woke me up, so I answered it while you were knocked out." The detective couldn't help but wonder how that conversation went. Now that he mentioned it, he might have heard his ringtone in his dream, but didn't recognise it. As he looked at John, the older man was still grinning at him.
"Sherlock!" And he closed it immediately, turning around sharply, now standing face-to-face with his doctor. He was oblivious, but definitely not stupid. He surely saw the remnants of tears in his eyes. It would've been so easy to break down, to hold him and cry into his shoulder, but the detective chose not to. He wanted John to see him strong to be able to let him go. But it didn't look like the man squeezing his shoulder was ever going to let that happen.
"Kiss him goodbye (literally, if you wish), and get going, brother mine. We don't have time. MH."
"And I'm guessing 'Holy sheet' won't be an appropriate way to start." he said almost immediately, nonchalant eyes fixed on the screen. So it seems his attire made a deep impression on John. Sherlock walked behind him with a smile of surrender, and looked at the blank post draft on the screen.
John found somebody while he was away? Somebody who could fulfill his adrenaline cravings, and be a better partner to him than Sherlock ever could? It was entirely possible, after all. God knows what kind of people run around in London. Then it would be over. There would be next to nothing for Sherlock to come home for. He had to tell him. No matter the drama, no matter the fear of rejection, better safe than extremely sorry later.
he found himself asking.
his brain warned him. His final moments.
And the tears came, burning his eyes. He stopped before the door, not wanting to turn the knob and step outside. He promised five minutes to his brother and swore to help those in need and dismantle Moriarty's web, but none of that mattered. The clenching of his heart mattered, the pain surging through his body mattered, and the teardrops rolling down his face. Mycroft was right again, oh how he hated when he was. Goodbyes hurt like hell, that's exactly why he never said them. What could've made him, a brilliant and rational man into the sobbing mess he was at that moment? What changed him, what ruined him so much? He wiped the tears from his eyes with the sleeve of his coat, trying to erase any trace of them.
"Watch telly with me?" Sherlock asked in a last desperate attempt to keep John with him and hopefully avoid dozing off.
. As soon as he made his reappearance in Sherlock's thoughts, a hand squeezed his shoulder ever-so-gently. And when he turned, there he was, in a condition much better than that of earlier.
He lifted his gaze again, taking a deep breath, and continued. "What I did to you, what I got you into was unfair. I was in your debt. You believed in me, always, despite everything, despite me never deserving it. This was the best way I could've repayed all I owe to you." he explained, to get it all off his chest. John listened, taking a seat yet again. He looked tired, way too tired, and all Sherlock wanted was to ease his pain, but had no idea how. "I swear I will contact you as often as it is in my power, but please, John. Stay in Baker Street, and keep my 'resurrection' a secret. Would you do that for me?"
Sherlock's eyes widened as he listened on. He still considered the flat as theirs. Even when he corrected himself, he didn't claim it as his. 221B Baker Street was theirs, and would always be.
Two days before beginning his mission that may cost him his life, Sherlock Holmes comes to a decision that changes everything. Could he really do this to John Watson?
"Sorry for that," the doctor apologized, to which he only received a vague nod as a response, and more staring. From him, who spoke in paragraphs. This collision must have really messed him up.
He nearly broke down crying himself when his doctor lifted his welled-up, bloodshot eyes at him.
"My God..." he covered his mouth in horror, footsteps halting. He had to check twice if he saw it correctly. But even in the dim light seeping in through the barely open door, it was obvious. His friend's back was covered entirely in long scars reaching from his shoulder blades to his waist.
John is pretty sure he flat lined when he discovered Sherlock and Irene had been flirting. Mutually. Back and forth.
(18:03) Some things are better experienced, don’t you think? SH
(16:00) My parents want me to apply to Oxford or Cambridge or something equally dull. SH
"Name’s almost as gorgeous as your face." Victor leaned in close against Sherlock's left ear, his breath tickling Sherlock's neck. "Say, fancy taking a stroll?"
(17:29) And what is it that makes you fall for someone? SH
Greg had met John in his PE class in his last year of high school, and despite John being a junior, they had soon become friends. They shared an interest in sports, and John's easy-going manner and humility made it hard not to like him. John was one of the very few popular kids who didn't look down on others even though he could have had any girl--or guy for that matter--he chose. And although Greg was too embarrassed to admit it out loud, John felt like the little brother he never had, and maybe that's why he couldn't help but be worried about the boy.
‘But Irene A-‘
(07:16) Of course. SH
(14:28) Still in college, unfortunately. SH
John's stomach clenched uncomfortably. Sherlock was being unusually short in his replies. John assumed he had done something wrong, but wasn't in the mood to inquire further.
(04:22) Why aren’t you sleeping? SH
‘Will you let me take a look at them?’
"Answer me, god damn it!" his father demanded and slapped him across the face with his open hand. His cheek stung as his head hit the wall behind him with a dull thud.
(03:40) You weren't even sleeping. SH
[23:13] This is my case. I need to know. SH
"Oh, please. Don't play stupid, Sherlock. It is unbecoming of you," Mycroft scoffed.
“Interesting…”
(07:31) He likes sticking his nose into everybody's business and every single day he's trying to make my life as difficult as possible. He can make yours difficult too. SH
(08:15) Do I have to have a reason? JW
Sherlock felt a warm fluttering in the pit of his stomach. Knowing that someone had been watching him and listening to him made a tickle of excitement grow inside him, a new feeling to him that almost felt dangerous in some inexplicable way. He wasn't used to positive attention.
practically ogling him. John couldn't really blame them; Sherlock was the most gorgeous human being he had ever encountered.
(14:17) Blonde hair tends to be thinner, and thus burns more quickly. Nothing you can do about it. SH
(14:58) Don’t get used to it. SH
(02:55) I mean it's useful to me. Talking to you. You stimulate the genius in me. SH
(03:16) Drink some water and go to bed before you do or say something you'll regret. SH
Closing his eyes for a moment, Sherlock breathes in through his nose and out through his mouth, in an attempt to quiet his mind of the worried thoughts. He needs to focus.
It was all the reassurance John needed. He pushed Sherlock off of him and backwards until the back of his thighs hit John’s bed, then pushed him. John straddled Sherlock’s legs with his thighs and bent down and kissed him again. He bit Sherlock’s lower lip and was rewarded with his hips bucking upward. He pulled his fingers through Sherlock’s impossibly soft hair as he kissed him, then beckoned for Sherlock to take his shirt of as pulled his own over his head. Sherlock was quick to comply.
(11:33) I can still arrange you that hotel room. SH
(03:21) So you didn't miss talking to me. SH
(20:45)You can’t be serious. SH
(07:00) John? SH
‘Can you walk?’ he asked, and Sherlock nodded. John led him out of the bathroom and to Sherlock’s bedroom, where he sat him down on the bed.
(19:24) They threatened to kill you if I don't. SH
(22:36) Oh, no. I'm not busy. SH
John turned his neck to the right and spotted the big, rusty door behind him. It looked industrial and was no doubt bolted shut from the outside.
(14:13) Of course not. SH
(11:35) I don't disagree. SH
"Fuck you, Mycroft."
[23:06] I'm not an amateur, brother dear. MH
"Oh, errr... oh, just happened, you know?" John swallowed soundly. "So, who's the guy?"
(03:40) Are you sure he'll be alright? SH
John snapped, arousal getting the better of his judgment at this point.
John awakes to the sound of thunder, loud rumbling startling him from his restless sleep. Harry’s living room lights up momentarily, casting shadows around him where he is laying on his back on the hard couch. He sighs heavily and shifts to an upright position.
For a moment Sherlock feels frozen in place, his mind blank, teetering on the edge of panic. He is still on his knees, his legs refusing to obey the simple command to stand up. Every rational thought seems to hover out of the reach of his mind, as he feels a surge of fear spreading through him, pulsating through every nerve in his body and settling deep into the pit of his stomach.
[14:27] Stay out of this, Mycroft. SH
(11:19) If you believe you're texting a vampire, then yes, probably. SH
(22:20) No, I’m just replying. SH
(10:09) What? Why? SH
[23:08] You're not an amateur? Well, explain to me then why Moriarty is still on the loose. SH
(03:38) You're upset. SH
(16:45) No, it’s fine. And don’t worry, I’ll stay out of your way. I can have someone else show you to your room, if you want. SH
(03:00) I hope not. SH
(20:04) I thought I'd send you a text so you'd have my number, too. It was nice meeting you. SH
(12:50) Purple. SH
[23:18] And you've just let him murder all those people? SH
(11:17) Oh, it’s true, John. It is very true. SH
(12:00) No, you won’t. Also, next time you might want to double-check the number before you hit send. SH
"And?"
“I’m… I’m alright, now. Thanks, yeah.”
(06:28) John? SH
(16:30) I mean, there’s plenty of room. We don’t even have to see each other. I can stay out of your sight. SH
(02:46) Look, what I said before, I didn't mean it. SH
(02:45) You don't seem like yourself. How much have you drunk? SH
“What does it say?”
Sherlock hesitates before he replies, “Goodnight, John.”
(18:15) For one, if I were a drug dealer, why would I tell you? Are you interested in buying? SH
(00:04) What? H
John's phone buzzes in his pocket and he is startled from his restless sleep. It had been bright daylight by the time he had finally managed to fall asleep. He read the text message. It was from Mary. He hovered over the reply button uncertainly.
He knew he was treading on dangerous territory, his brother's countless warnings ringing in his ears, but the idea of being wanted by someone made his heart race rapidly, a wave of heat flooding through his body, settling low in his stomach.
Sherlock wasn't used to getting this much attention, let alone hearing so many compliments on his appearance. He felt dizzy and light-headed, instinctively leaning into the touch of the man's arm against his.
With one quick movement, Sherlock practically ran over to where John was standing, slammed the door shut behind him and forcefully pushed John up against the door, their lips mere inches apart. John pulled Sherlock against himself the last few centimeters and their lips met, eager and demanding.
"Oh, please. Then why do you care so much?"
(10:53) I’m not stubborn! SH
(12:12) Thank you? I'm flattered. SH
He sighs and dials his brother’s number.
(22:05) What do you know about roses? SH
(09:51) If you don’t want to, that is. SH
[15:36] Put 24/7 surveillance on him and the house. Your best men. Do it. SH
(12:03) I don't doubt it. SH
(04:19) I didn’t lie. SH
(03:40) I’m your friend? SH
"H? Is everything all right?"
(07:48) Don't touch anything. SH
After deducing some harsh truths about Greg’s colleagues and rather loudly informing everyone of them, the man had shooed him away, telling him to shut his smart-arse mouth and sod off.
(17:21) Oh yes, he would know. SH
he had done had been to protect John - his John – but now John would leave and Sherlock would be on his own again. Deeply, utterly alone like he had been in his years away. It had all been for nothing.
He feels warm as the drug enters his bloodstream, flowing through his veins, heat spreading through his body, and his eyes flutter closed.
Well, sort of.
(07:25) Yes. SH
(04:45) What’s going on? SH
(02:35) The case. Obviously. SH
(03:22) Yes. Is everything all right? SH
Before he realises it, he’s running. He runs and runs, stumbling along unending corridors, his feet thumping down endless stairs. Thump. Thump. Thump.
(09:51) I know. I’ll be fine, I guess. SH
[10:07] You don't get to decide who I'm hanging around! SH
“Yeah, I’m here.”
(03:17) Except you, of course. SH
(20:34) I’m rather busy, John. SH
“Unless, of course, you want him to end up dead in a bathtub. Are we clear?”
John decides to sleep in his own bed that night. Before he goes, he leaves the new pair of purple socks on Sherlock's pillow. On a small paper he scribbles "The colour suits you. John" and gently sets it down next to the socks.
(12:56) Yes. SH
(19:24) I can't let that happen. SH
Unable to handle his emotions, John put his phone back in his pocket and silently made his way downstairs. His father was already passed out drunk on the sofa, so it wasn't difficult for him to step around him and open the liquor cabinet; it wasn't as if his dad were going to notice some was missing anyway. John grabbed the closest bottle, Jack Daniel's whiskey, and walked back upstairs to his room. During his ascent he felt vibration from his back pocket, but he shrugged it off and unscrewed the bottle cap, bringing the bottle to his lips and taking a large chug. It tasted terrible, but the heat that spread down his oesophagus to his stomach comforted him a little.
'You know as well as I do that promising is pointless considering the statistical calculations.
(03:58) Then I guess calling the police last night was a waste of both our time. SH
(10:38) They've got a solution they like and choose to ignore the facts. SH
(16:43) The killer's made a mistake. Finally! SH
With those words, Sherlock pulled John down again, their lips locking together, Sherlock’s fingers unbuttoning his shirt. John shrugged it off, revealing his muscular chest and abdomen, the faint silver tattered skin of his scar standing out on his left shoulder in the dim light.
The building behind her doesn’t seem to be inhabited at the moment; all the lights are off and the curtains are drawn, and there is no one down the alleyway toward the main street either. Suddenly their secluded meeting location seems, well… a little odd. He tries to shake the uncomfortable feeling away but Sherlock’s words are nagging in the back of his head; he is in danger.
(13:23) Me neither. Don’t you really have anything else to do? SH
[15:19] You know exactly who. John Watson. SH
Greg slumped back in his chair and was just reaching for his coffee when his phone buzzed again. And again. "Oh, c'mon", he groaned in frustration and picked up his phone, but before he even had a chance to click open the text messages, it started ringing.
"I need your help."
(04:38) I need to take care of a couple of things. SH
“Hang on. Let me read it.”
'A car will be with you in three minutes and fourty five seconds' Mycroft says and hangs up.
(11:25) And you're not useless. You've been very useful to me, my conductor of light. SH
(18:30) Ask Mrs Hudson to prepare you something you'd like to eat. Otherwise she'll be outside your door in 30 minutes with a tray with overdone meatloaf and potatoes. SH
(12:32) Probably not. Still working on that case. SH
(09:40) Maybe. They’re looking into it now that they’ve realized that these deaths are very clearly linked. SH
(11:53) Why would I ask if I wasn't interested? SH
(05:00) I’m precise. SH
(00:07) And you're drunk. Again. SH
John spent more time outside than he normally would have, but Sherlock didn’t seem to mind or wonder where he was. It was self-preservation really to get drunk and forget about Sherlock Sodding Holmes, or so John told himself at least.
(05:57) Good. That’s good. SH
(22:40) I said leave him out of this. I warn you. I will find you. SH
(18:36) John. SH
[15:26] Is he safe? SH
(08.57) Not much. No one at Scotland Yard has ever heard of this Moriarty before. No new victims, nothing. At least, they finally believe me. SH
“Will you stay with me? I mean, if you don’t have anything important to do.”
(09:52) The offer still stands. SH
Then there was his bed. It was undone and messy; it was something John recognized in himself. Light sleeper too, then.
[23:18] Four crime scenes. She shows up at each of them. Doesn't it make you at all suspicious? SH
(11:44) And you just followed their order without question? SH
(00:45) Go to sleep, H. SH
(05:23) 11 minutes. Have some patience. SH
(11:22) John, look, I just want to know that you're alright. It doesn't change anything, you don't need to leave. SH
[23:39] I'm not involved. SH
(02:14) John? SH
(10:09) Was it something I did? If it’s the thumbs on my desk, I can clean them up. It’s the eyeballs, isn’t it? SH
(17:07) You don't understand, John. SH
(04:17) Are you alright? SH
(16:55) What? Why? Are you going to let them take you? SH
(04:07) You think so? SH
(11:30) Susan uses a very distinctive perfume, so it doesn't take a genius to figure out what's going on when suddenly Mark starts smelling like her. SH
Quickly he turned around and forcefully knocked Sherlock into the closed door behind him, one palm resting on the door on either side of his head. Sherlock seemed confused—rightfully so, John thought—but didn’t make an attempt to move. Instead, he watched John with something akin to interest in his eyes. John licked his lips and watched as Sherlock instinctively mimicked his movement.
(12:44) Yes. SH
(06:36) SH
"Whatever you say, brother mine. Just remember that I warned you."
(01:59) Hello, John. SH
After a short moment he straightens his back—almost soldier-like—and starts walking down the paved sidewalk toward the set meeting location. It is in a fairly secluded part of town and soon John finds himself walking in circles just to make time lapse faster.
"Oh, Sherlock. How little you know."
Blood rushed to Sherlock's cheeks as he read Victor's reply, the notion of being called baby instead of freak making something warm bloom in his chest.
[14:37] Oh, I don't care, dear brother. You can't stop me. SH
(03:39) You’re not obliged to defend me, John. You don’t have to feel like you owe me anything. SH
(04:42) No need to apologise. It's just that I'm not used to being... seen. SH
A loud buzzing penetrated Sherlock's consciousness, and it took a moment for his sleep-filled mind to clear enough to register that the buzzing sound was his phone. Groaning, he forced his eyes open, blinking in the bright light of the morning sun as he reached for his phone on the nightstand, his tired brain struggling to control his fumbling fingers. Sherlock let out another frustrated groan when his eyes caught his alarm clock--it was nine in the morning, and he had barely been asleep for three hours.
Gently, he set his phone aside on Sherlock's night stand, and sat down on the bed. The smell of Sherlock was already soothing him and he gently laid his head down on Sherlock's pillow, taking a deep breath.
(11:26) I'm rather busy, John. I'd really appreciate it if you'd stop bothering me now. SH
Then Sherlock Holmes
(11:03) Oh please, the class is full of jocks and popular kids, and judging by the way you text, you're more likely to be one of them than one of the so-called losers. SH
(11:15) Well, then I must be only a product of your paranoid imagination, considering such fictional characters do not exist. SH
‘Thank you,’ Sherlock mumbles, his voice barely above a whisper.
“Promise.”
His heart beating harshly against his ribs, Sherlock dreads for the reply.
(05:31) There has to be another option. SH
(04:03) You've been observing me? SH
(00:55) No. No, it's not your fault. None of those things were your fault. And this isn't your fault, either. It's my fault for dragging you into this. You deserve better. You deserve better than me. It's probably for the better if we don't talk anymore. I hope you'll be happy. You deserve that. SH
(06:06) What? SH
Sherlock had tried to follow the black car, but despite his efforts, he hadn't been able to outrun the car and it had disappeared into the horizon with an unconscious John lying in the backseat, leaving behind a trail of dust.
(09:50) I know. It's a totally normal reaction to any big change. SH
(10:56) Alright, alright, John. I suppose I can do that. SH
(11:37) Fun? You call that fun? Are you serious? SH
‘You… don’t think I’m disgusting?’
Sherlock sniffs the air. Roses.
(17:36) What? Where are you? I need you now. SH
(08:12) Good. SH
“Night, Sherlock.”
As a yawn escapes his lips, Sherlock knows that he has to sleep. He still hasn’t managed to prove Scotland Yard that he’s right, but he’s been awake almost 72 hours, and the lack of sleep is slowing his thought processes, making it difficult to focus. But he can’t go home, not when John is there. Sherlock’s desperate to meet him, to see his sandy-blonde hair frame his tanned skin, to see his mouth curve into a smile and his blue eyes twinkle as John tells his impossibly dry jokes, but he can’t. He can’t risk losing him, not now. Not when he’s let himself get sentimental, let himself care about the boy. Caring is not an advantage, and yet here he is, worrying and caring about a boy who will eventually leave him. No one who meets him ever wants to stay. Why would John be an exception? He won’t stay forever, Sherlock knows, but he’s willing to try to prolong the inevitable.
(17:49) Excellent observation, stranger. And I’m fairly certain it’s none of your business. SH
(00:08) I could say the same to you, Sher. H
(10:15) Fair enough. SH
(12:30) Try me. SH
(07:47) Second door on the right. SH
(22:39) Holmes. SH
(03:35) When we start again in 6 weeks will you know who I am? H
(18:37) She's not nice! You are just blinded by her looks. John, you have to trust me. SH
(18:26) John? Is everything alright? SH
(07:48) You don’t have to act so surprised. SH
John swallowed harshly. He was headed straight for disaster.
(04:32) Oh, this is getting fun! SH
[14:57] I'm only funny when I'm not sober. What do you say to 6 pm? JW
(19:04) Last time I checked, it really wasn’t. SH
[13:26] Oh, I'm sorry! I already have plans tonight. :) JW
(11:10) I can't believe you actually made Susan cry. Though I also think she had it coming
‘Are you—er, I mean, is everything alright?’
John laughs. Louder than he’s laughed in a long time. “Alright, you prick. But can you stay? Just… hang up when you get uncomfortable?”
“It’s getting serious. Please, be careful.”
(14:51) What? SH
The young Mycroft Holmes stormed down the corridor. John thought he was the only person he had ever seen who managed to storm off in a graceful and controlled matter. He scratched his head and walked back towards his room.
(08:52) I assure you he knows more than just your name. SH
(03:48) Please. SH
(11:02) It's the exact same bed as in your room. SH
(12:40) Maybe this was a bad idea. I've no idea how the Yard got this number anyway
‘John,’ Sherlock growled and sucked on a sensitive spot on John’s neck. ‘I lied.’
"Good enough, I guess" John says as he stifles a yawn.
(17:22) Seems you’re the one with the kidnapping fetish. SH
(03:48) Sure? SH
John had been momentarily stunned when Sherlock had mentioned his name. John knew
(11:03) Probably. SH
There were books about chemistry, biology and physics, neatly organized and in brand new condition. There were medical books and books which looked to be notebooks. They were heavy-looking and very worn.
"You... met someone?" John asked carefully, praying to whatever deity was out there that his voice conveyed no trace of the inner turmoil he was experiencing.
He slammed John into the wall again one last time, leaving one last good punch to his side, and John swore he heard something crack disturbingly. He hunched over and fell onto his knees, his arms clutching his sides, little droplets of blood running from his cheek onto the floor. Without looking back, his dad stomped out of the room and slammed the door behind him.
"No, you're right. I'm not. And you wouldn't listen to me even if I were there."
Bright, cold, fluorescent lamps hung from the ceiling in the room he was currently in, and the walls were dull and white. He was propped on a chair with his hands back bound and his feet tied to the legs. There were no windows and no indication to where he was being held, and the only other object in the room with him was an oak table on which a small radio stood. It was blaring The Four Season’s ‘December, 1963’, preventing him from listening to sounds from anywhere else. He
(11:46) You're an idiot. SH
Pinching the bridge of his nose, Greg closed his eyes and sighed, "I swear, one day you'll be the death of me."
He needs to breathe the London air and be around normal people for a while. The Holmes estate is only a few minutes out of town, yet it feels like a different timezone. Hell, a different universe.
(13:42) I’m just passing time. SH
~~*~~
(04:51) No, you’re right. I can’t force you. SH
(01:26) What company? John, this is important! SH
(00:42) You're drunk. SH
“Would you… go for a coffee, sometime?”
"Please do remember which one of the two of us is the most successful."
“Come along, John,” Sherlock said cheerfully, already walking back toward the exit, leaving John a second to compose himself and to attempt to look like he had not just been snogged. Inhaling a deep breath, he held the air in his lungs for a moment before exhaling through his nose, attempting to stop his weak knees from buckling as he started walking out. Hormones were racing through his bloodstream and his erection was painful against the tight denim of his jeans. Swearing under his breath, he headed for the exit, desperately thinking unsexy and off-putting thoughts. It helped, sort of.
(02:21) You what? SH
It doesn't.
(10:01) Obviously you don’t have to, but I thought you liked it. SH
"You had no right to do that."
This, as John had named the situation in his mind, was very problematic indeed. For their case, Sherlock and John would have to go undercover. They wouldn’t have to go undercover in just any place either. No, that would be far too convenient and un-Sherlockian. This time, they had to act undercover at a swingers club, and they would have to act as couple.
(10:00) You’re not sleeping in my bed anymore. Why? SH
John was in an equally dreadful state. Water was dripping down from his short hair and into his eyes, and his trousers – which were normally loosely fitted – clung to his skin tightly. He was angry, too, because Sherlock had disappeared off on his own after John had lost him behind a corner. It was only fair, John thought, that he was allowed to boss Sherlock around and hopefully avoid either of them catching pneumonia. Sherlock had been too tired to protest and too tired to think clearly.
"Oh, that old thing? It is resting safely with a 'Greg Lestrade' of Scotland Yard. Did you really think I would allow him to have a gun in our home? I confiscated it upon his arrival. The one he has is a fake." Mycroft pauses for a moment. "Sentiment really HAS made you slow."
“Your voice is deeper than I thought.”
“There is a post about you.”
(22:26) What? Why would I go on a date? I'm in the middle of a case! SH
Due to vacation, updates have been slow. Sorry!
Stunned but not surprised, Greg listened to the beeping sound of the disconnected line for a moment before lowering the phone from his ear.
(21:52) Apparently. SH
Dragging his hands through his hair for the twentieth time, he dug up his phone from his pocket.
Lately, Greg had noticed a change in John, even though he couldn't quite put his finger on it. Ever since the summer holidays had started, the boy had become quieter, more distant, and anytime Greg happened to mention John's family or ask something about his parents, he became evasive and changed the subject. John was spending more and more time alone, always turning down invitations to parties and always making excuses for having to leave early. He didn't seem like his old self who had always been surrounded by friends.
(09:57) Offender? Sorry, who is this?
(08:10) I said don't touch anything. SH
One evening when he wasn’t incredibly drunk but
[15:03] Me? She would never forgive me? Don't you dare, Mycroft. SH
(00:48) Where are you? What can possibly be more important than this? SH
(17:11) Problem? SH
John's phone flashes before he has managed to fall asleep.
John awoke from harsh pounding on his bedroom door. His head was throbbing and the room was spinning, but he didn't have time to think about that at the moment, because two seconds later his father entered the bedroom, and he was furious.
(16:58) You can't trust him, John. You know you can't. He's trying to manipulate you. SH
(04:02) Yes, really. SH
(10:21) My source must have made a mistake then. Regrettable, but not quite surprising. I apologise for any inconvenience. SH
"Shut the fuck up Harry, or I WILL smother you in your sleep" John shouts away from the phone. "Sorry 'bout that. Mmmm, if you mean that, why are you avoiding me all the time? John slurs. “’S not like I*m going to stab you.”
[13:38] I don't think so :( Sorry! Maybe when I'm back :) JW
(06:25) Fine. You first. SH
“I…” John signs and rubs his palm across his face. “You imagined me?”
(10:45) Oh. SH
"Cut the crap," his father roared as he marched over to the bed and grabbed John by his t-shirt, forcibly dragging him out of bed and pushing him into the nearest bedroom wall.
[15:49] I don't need rehabilitation, Mycroft. SH
(07:09) Well, why not? If you really want to. SH
(23:57) No. SH
Greg wasn't the type to play matchmaker, but something told him that Sherlock and John had the potential to become good friends, and if he was right, they would hopefully help to balance each other out.
(16:50) Close? Probably not. Closer? Definitely. SH
John shuffles from the phone and returns with a glass in his hand.
“Hm?”
Sherlock cleared his throat.
(11:59) It doesn't matter. I won't let him do it again. SH
(22:29) I can tell you're busy. Message me when you have time? :) H
(03:20) Where’s Sannah? Aren’t you worried she’ll get jealous? SH
“Yeah, I… I suppose I am.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes to conceal the panic that was arising in his chest.
(06:29) It’s more than fair. You’re the one who wanted to share pictures in the first place. SH
“No.”
"Need a light, baby?" the stranger said as he reached the café and held his lighter out beneath Sherlock's face.
(00:43) I'm not shrink! H
(03:32) I believe you. SH
(14:40) Shouldn't come as a surprise to a medical student. SH
(23:54) Are you alright? SH
(11:42) About what? SH
(03:42) Alright. Just make sure he doesn't choke on his own vomit. SH
(10:05) Well, Mrs Hudson changes the bed linens every third day—she’s irritatingly pedantic. The bed doesn’t smell like you anymore. SH
(00:46) Yes? SH
(11:14) Yes? SH
(05:10) She’s not my friend. SH
(16:10) No, it’s not fine. Believe me, it won’t be a problem. SH
tall, with high and prominent cheekbones, and full, rich lips. His unruly hair rests like a mop on top of his head and dark curls line his face, making his staggeringly pale eyes stand out. There is something mysterious about the way he looks, and something that is just so utterly
(10:57) Dark hair, tall, always correcting the professor?
[09:56] What have you done? SH
Sherlock realised he should probably say something. His brain was really not obeying him.
John hesitates.
Sherlock can’t help the grin that tugs at his mouth. “Absolutely not.”
‘I—the fall, the t-torture. I was so alone and I—you were in danger, and I- I couldn’t. Not if you were hurt, you- John’ Sherlock was rambling without realizing it. He was hushed by John’s index finger on his lips.
(12:16) I can't give away that level of detail, I'm sorry, and you don't have to thank me
(06:11) Oh, please. What kind of experiment would require photographs of my face? SH
For a moment, Sherlock couldn't bring himself to utter a single world, staring at the dark-haired, rather tall man standing in front of him, unable to remove his eyes from the sharp jawline, trying not to focus on the smirk playing on his full lips.
(04:00) I’ve never really had friends. SH
(05:30) I don’t know. Neither. Your father belongs in prison, and you shouldn’t need to give up your studies because of him. That’s just not right. SH
‘Hi, Johnny. Nice to see you again. I need you to send a text.’
Victor had told him to call him, Sherlock remembered, but he was far too shaky to trust his voice, his fingers trembling over the buttons as he carefully chose what to type. He couldn't risk the embarrassment of sounding like a nervous child. Not when he was about to contact a man who undoubtedly was a hundred times more mature and experienced than him.
"I don't have any intentions with your brother. I haven't even met him."
John stretched out on his back in Sherlock's bed, not wanting to leave it just yet. He hadn't felt safe since he was a little boy and his mother was still alive. But the scent and the presence that were both so very Sherlock had lulled him to sleep. He rolled over and buried his face in Sherlock's pillow.
(22:51) Just curious. :) H
(10:37) One of the victims was shot in the right side of the head. And she was left-handed. Why would a left-handed woman shoot herself in the RIGHT side of her head? SH
"That's one way of putting it."
(00:39) I think you forgot to double-check your text before sending. SH
Groaning in frustration, Sherlock ran his right hand through his unruly curls, failing to notice the young man who had started approaching him from across the street.
Vague rustling in the background indicates someone is moving around, and Sherlock can only hear John protest before the call is disconnected.
(11:39) Well, that’s good. SH
(11:39) Good for you, I mean. SH
It all happens very quickly.
(11:52) A bit clichéd, isn't it? SH
(06:59) There's no need to. I'm not angry. SH
John Watson is in danger, and it is all his fault.
intoxicated, he came home and Sherlock was standing in the living room intently watching him. John could feel his scanning eyes taking in everything there was possibly to know about him. Drunk? Slightly. Date? No. Drinking alone? Yes.
(11:19) Yes, but in the middle of CLASS? It was hysterical
"You aren't here to stop me." John downs the entire drink in one go.
(05:46) If I must choose, that is. SH
“Hmm?”
John knew he shouldn't push this too far, but his heart was beating wildly in his chest whenever his phone vibrated. It was dangerous territory he was on; there was a reason his acquaintances were mostly female. His dad. John shuddered, but pushed the thoughts away. This was anonymous. Sherlock would never find out who he was, and he therefore couldn't rat him out.
(02:15) You really seem to enjoy wandering around dark streets alone. Don’t you have any friends? SH
“But you’re tired?”
(10:32) Excited? SH
(17:52) Am I not too posh for you? SH
[10:06] I mean it, you sick, insufferable arse of a brother. SH
[23:22] Oh, I very well know how simple it is for you to sit on your fat arse and watch while he's making my life hell. SH
It was Sherlock’s intention that John would
“Wait,” John held his hand out as Sherlock tried unbuttoning his trousers, “if there was no case, what were you doing on your computer?”
All he wants before he leaves is to at least get to see Sherlock, the mysterious and gorgeous boy who he has so completely lost himself to. Every effort he makes goes unnoticed. It makes John sad.
(11:41) John, there's one thing. I don't want you to have that gun. SH
(07:02) You really think purple suits me? SH
(06:15) Go ahead. Won't be too easy though. They choose to ignore me because of something as trivial as my age. SH
There is a brief moment of silence, then John’s voice crackles over the line.
He pressed send and pushed his phone into his back pocket again, opting to take a shower, desperate to relieve some of the pressure and anger that was gradually building inside him. He stomped off into the bathroom, slamming the door for good measure, and sank down on the cold tiles, his head resting against the wall.
(07:49) I know. Sorry. You’re right. Ignore all of that. SH
More sobs wracked through his chest and he sank down to the floor, resting his back against the hard tiled wall. He was so deeply lost in himself that he didn’t notice that John had entered the bathroom until he was face to face with two concerned eyes.
They’ve got John and they’re going to kill him.
(12:48) Came home yesterday. SH
"Oh, yeah... just some guy," Sherlock said, trying to appear nonchalant, attempting to turn the conversation away from himself. "Why are you drinking?"
(05:17) Oh, please. You’ll find out soon enough. SH
(11:11) Is it really a surprise to you that people don’t like me? SH
(22:42) Interesting. Tell me more. SH
(23:57) No, it wasn’t. I mean. You look good. SH
(03:21) Of course, I should have known it wasn't you. SH
"Why do you care?" Sherlock asked, his question coming out more harshly than he had intended, embarrassed by the fact that some part of his brain very well wanted Victor to be his.
(02:37) Why are you using so many of those... winking emoticons? SH
(17:02) I don't know. SH
John was starting to panic. He should never have opened his phone knowing damn well how drunk he was. This was bad.
*****
After several hours of hesitation, Sherlock had finally made up his mind, his whole body tingling with nervous energy as he started tapping out a text message.
“Not that I can see.”
(07:20) I prefer to text. SH
“Ah, you want me to sing you a lullaby?”
(09:00) Why would he kill 3 women, one man, and then suddenly just stop? SH
(11:05) Doesn’t matter. SH
(06:02) Not avoiding you. SH
(10:16) Sorry. SH
~~*~~
(00:59) Quite right. SH
(18:44) Sounds like a lot of fun. SH
(17:56) Yeah. SH
(10:44) Sounds pretty fancy to me
(03:25) Try to get some more sleep. I’ll be fine. SH
(18:02) It’s 6 p.m. SH
(00:10) I'm not angry, just thinking. SH
(08:20) You think so? SH
(04:50) Exception? SH
"Oh" John said as realisation dawned upon him. "You are the other Holmes."
(12:16) Probably. Forcing someone to drink alcohol isn't exactly his style. SH
the bloody genius had to go and be
John got up from where he had been lying, and hurried downstairs, nearly knocking Mrs. Hudson over in the process. He uttered his hasty apologies and scurried down the second flight of stairs in the main hall. He quickly found the corridor and the second door on the right. He hesitated.
(16:00) You don’t belong there. I can arrange you a hotel room. SH
(03:50) It's too risky. H
Sherlock draws a shaky breath. ‘Do you promise?’
he needed, but he was certain there was something missing.
(03:47) It doesn't matter. Just, forgive me? SH
(12:07) Well, that's progress. SH
(21:46) You can’t be serious. SH
(19:15) I have no idea what you’re talking about. SH
couldn't tell Sherlock that he had been so close to ending it all when his mobile phone had vibrated in his pocket just a few days earlier.
(07:34) You won’t. SH
He meets a woman that evening; she is nice, beautiful and intelligent. Not in a Sherlock-way intelligent, but there is definitely something to her that catches his attention. He finds himself fascinated as he is sipping on his beer - the bartender was sloppy with checking IDs - opposite her in the bar, and Sherlock is fading to a distant buzz in the background. It's a nice change, considering he has been all that's on John's mind lately. He doesn't even feel his phone vibrating in his back pocket.
“I don’t know, Sherlock. How did he even get this picture?”
(17:02) And you believe it? You believe him? SH
‘Sherlock?’
(18:26) She's not who she says she is. Please, just don't see her anymore. SH
(02:34) Thinking. SH
(18:40) Oh, dear lord. Text me if you get into trouble. SH
(00:58) You make it sound like I'm a psychopath. SH
(00:07) You seem angry at me, and I haven't the slightest idea why. SH
(11:22) No, not a friend. I didn't know, I just observed. SH
(04:37) Not that I care, but I’d rather not have your death on my conscience. SH
(14:04) No, I’m afraid not. SH
(11:28) Hope you taste good. SH
“I- Sherlock. Hi. It’s good to hear your voice. I…hi. How are you?”
"N-nowhere," John started and tried to wiggle free out of his father's grasp, but he held on tight.
(22:24) Ha, ha. SH
Fuck. Had he just revealed he had been
(03:17) I don’t know. No one outside Scotland Yard was supposed to know that I’m working on the case. SH
(10:29) Wait, what did you say? SH
(01:27) Of what? SH
John can practically
(10:13) Oh, alright then. SH
"Yeah, I can hear that," Sherlock chuckles and then pauses for a moment, "I--I, um, miss you too."
(06:20) You’re not going to give up, are you? SH
Greg looked at his phone and flicked through the text messages, unable to suppress an eye roll. He was not surprised to find that Sherlock was once again requesting something that would require him to break the law. Placing the untouched coffee on the desk, Greg sighed again and typed a reply to him: "You know I can't give you the victim's phone number. I would be breaking the law and could lose my job. And besides, it would be extremely unethical."
"You know how." he responded, hoping the detective didn't delete the information over the years. "First, it's Sherlock Holmes in a grocery store, now in the kitchen... I could get used to this." John admitted with a smile. "Would it be ridiculous of me to ask you to clean up after yourself once in a fortnight?" he went on.
"Not one of them knows his methods as I do." he answered painfully. "I only wish I had more than a day to be here."
Wednesday, the 14th of September, 2011. Sherlock Holmes realised the true nature of his feelings towards Dr. John Watson.
That word frightened and motivated him at the same time. In order for John to know, he had to come home to him, or he would've been as oblivious as he generally was about everything else. He probably still thought love was a mystery to Sherlock. And frankly, it was. But he'd had cases stranger than that mystery. He could cope.
he told himself as his shaking hands slowly opened the door.
"Oh?"
The doctor sincerely wished he had brought an umbrella with him, as by the time he closed the front door behind himself, he'd been drenched to the bone and shivering. The door to their flat upstairs stood wide open, he noticed as he took his coat off. Had the landlady let herself in and cleaned up a bit? Wise decision, as John himself could not give less shits about the dust or the dishes at the moment.
"A bit not good, yeah." Sherlock responded in a low voice, nearly just a growl.
Physical mess on the living room floor can cause even more mess in one's heart.
"Right in the head." Sherlock responded. "Luckily Mycroft and I had a plan for this scenario. But I told you about that already." he leaned back in his armchair. "And I'd rather do stunts than get shot, believe me." The detective generously left the part where Moriarty threatened all his loved ones out. His return was shocking enough news for one day, what he didn't know wouldn't hurt him.
"Never going anywhere."
"Nearly every night in the past years. Different locations and scenarios, but in each one, you were there, even if just for brief seconds. The only times I failed to see you were when I didn't dream at all..." The younger man's glance darted to the bedsheets to avoid John's eyes, and the doctor blinked into the darkness, still trying to process what he just heard. Since the time he left, he'd suspected what Sherlock could've felt towards him, and there was no use trying to hide he returned it... but nearly
someone else who cared about Sherlock.
“Sherlock, you are actually going to eat this morning. I can’t remember the last time I saw you eat anything larger than an apple.”
your fault. He was going to kill you. Moriarty was going to
“What do you mean?” Sherlock turned to look at him, curiosity and confusion his face, his hand still for a moment.
“Play? Wha-play for who?!” Sherlock popped his head out of the side entrance, buttons down all the way up and a black bow tie around his neck.
"John." John looked up to see Janine standing there in front of them. she had a stack of newspapers in her hand. and a glimpse at the headlines showed they were all about Sherlock and nothing good. "Sorry, were ya givin' the statement or something?" She glances and Greg and smiles briefly.
John was there every time he had to hold a gun, had to pull the trigger. He heard the shattering of a university window instead of a gunshot.
The voice in his head sounded suspiciously like his sister, Harry. He shoved it viciously out of his head and went back to reading his paper, ignoring the fact that he just caught himself staring at Sherlock’s long from stretched out on the couch, hands steepled beneath his chin. Sherlock’s phone buzzed on the coffee table and he leapt into a stance, entirely too dignified for someone in a rumpled grey t-shirt and pajama bottoms who was just wiggling his toes against the couch’s arm rest. He snatched his phone of the table and stalked into his room, texting.
“It’s been driving me crazy not being able to figure out what that song was.” He whispers into Sherlock’s shoulder. “I don’t care about your scars, Sherlock.” He kisses up his neck, nipping and licking at the skin as he goes. He finally gets to his lips, ghosting his own lips over Sherlock’s before gently biting his bottom lip before sweeping his tongue gingerly over the area. “I love you
Greg, Sally, and Anderson all ran around the corner and pulled up short at the sight. Anderson and Sally’s expression quickly turned from one of confusion to one of real
hard not to think about the fact that the entire time he was playing that song, the only thing on his mind was an utterly mad curly haired detective.
"Uh yeah, sure." She kisses him on the cheek, John does his best not to freeze, and then she's gone. He looks at Greg, who's looking back and for between Mary's shrinking form and John. He opens his mouth to speak, no doubt to comment on the inevitable choice John is going to be faced with but John
. Yes, interesting things happened to them, but never had the people themselves earned any of Sherlock’s attention for longer than a few seconds. Sherlock and John had been living together for months and he had not tired of observing John, nor had John stopped surprising him.
John let out a breath he didn't know he had been holding.
“You don’t know what I used to play, how did you ‘take care’ of it?”
"Sorry?"
"303."
John’s thoughts are cut off when he feels Sherlock’s arms slide around his waist and pull him closer, bury his face in John’s neck.
, but Sherlock looked so tense he was afraid that simple breeze would shatter him. Still, he walked over prepared to put an end to the looping music
John tried very hard not to think about when he saw Sherlock at the restaurant, how he fought with everything in him to reconcile the image of two Sherlocks standing before him. One who had a drawn on mustache and had been talking in a ridiculous french accent, and one who had looked the same as he did everyday since the morning after his suicide, who had been looking at John with hurt, disappointment, and betrayal in his eyes. Mary never looked at that one, no one did. However Mary was looking at Mustache Sherlock and that is what rocked John's foundation like a C4 explosion. That Sherlock was real.
"Really, why?" She sounds normal, she's looks happy, there's nothing wrong here.
His eyes drifted up to John’s sleeping face. He saw those same gold lashes, the same gold streaks in his graying hair.
"Oh, just some newspapers. Thought Sherlock might like to know what people have been saying. Can he have visitors?"
will be talking to the workers? What will I be doing?” Sherlock smiled, that really annoying ‘now you’re asking the right questions’ smile, as they pulled up to the hotel. Molly Hooper stood outside in a stunning blue dress, holding a grey Tom Ford garment bag in her arms.
"Right. Dr. Watson, you can see your friend now. He's still unconscious but you can see him."
"With a girlfriend?"
"Sherlock doesn't feel things that way. Never has."
Sherlock was crying.
Okay so I've gotten requests to continue with this fic. I originally intended for it to be an angst one-off so I don't know how bad it's going to be, but I've never been the best at saying no and honestly John, my John, started freaking out about Mary in my head today so I figured that was a sign that he was ready to be written again. Let's do this.
over and over and over again. He was so focused on finally getting out everything he’d been holding in that he didn’t notice Sherlock’s hands on his shoulders. Didn’t notice Sherlock returning every kiss with as much passion and an
He was startled by the thought at first but couldn’t shake it from his mind. It wasn’t something he had ever considered before, but now that it was there, he couldn’t deny that it was true. He wasn’t sure when he had come to that conclusion, or how long it had been building up in him, but suddenly he was quite content to just stay there and watch the two of them for as long as he could.
“Right. Yeah, right.” He looked at Rosie, still wriggling slowly in Sherlock’s arms, and reached over to lay a hand on her head. “Right, then. Tea, Sherlock?” He didn’t wait for an answer. Sherlock watched as he ambled into the kitchen and set about putting on the kettle, and deduced what John planned on making for breakfast based on the way his body turned toward various cabinets.
John looked back at Sherlock. "Do you know who did this?" his voice was cold steel, his insides were molten lava.
They looked at each other and smiled. They kissed again, a deep, slow kiss that sent shivers down both their spines. Later, John would return to his room and get all his clothes to put them with Sherlock’s in their shared closet. But right now, perfectly in sync, as they always are, they started toward Sherlock’s room, in an unspoken agreement that they will no longer be needing two bedrooms.
. He thought
“There will be a distraction.”
John’s heart had only shown itself more and more throughout their time together. Sherlock used to worry. How dangerous was it that John was so trusting? Did John really know anything about Sherlock, enough to be living with him after such a short amount of time in each other’s presence? A literal day. But John’s blind trust had not shown itself since his meeting Sherlock, leading him to believe that John must have come to some conclusion that validated the events of that first day, and every day since. Willing to die in a pool by Sherlock’s side, trusting Sherlock to save him from a monstrous hound, to hold a gun to his head after he was being marked a fugitive on every news station in London. To follow Sherlock to a train car full of explosives even while he was supposed to be hating him.
"I know." John says, and Greg whips his head up to look at him with wide eyes. They soften, and John sees something uncomfortably close to pity in them. "Anyway, girlfriend. A friend of Mary's. Her name is Janine. And Janine just happens to be Magnussen's PA."
"Right then." He writes it all down and puts everything away. "When's the last you've eaten?"
having the most mind blowing shag anyone could ever imagine. John tries very hard not to think about that one.
“Embezzlement scheme. The Landmark Hotel.” Sherlock tucked his phone back into his trousers and stared a burning hole into the back of the cabbies seat, his hand up by his mouth, twitching the way it does when he’s full of nervous energy.
"It's Sherlock. What does right and wrong have to do with anything?"
"Sherlock's been here for about a day."
His ribs seemed intact, A little bruised in some places, but otherwise fine. He tended to the little cut on his forehead and cheekbone.
Sherlock turned to walk to toward the red doors and John followed.
“Ha! What poor bloke did you-” he cut off, processing what Sherlock had just said. “
"Dr. Watson-"
into his flat without blinking? Sherlock could barely handle interaction with a fully grown human, let alone a new one. No. John knew exactly what would happen. Sherlock would parrot his words from 6 years ago and think nothing of it, leaving John mortified, crushed, wifeless, and very possibly childless. John wouldn't risk losing his child. He can't risk losing his entire life over Sherlock, even his life hasn't really been his own since the day they met.
The short blonde nurse-
"Right. Sorry, just..." He trailed off. Looking at John, then the floor, then John again. "I always thought he was...well honestly I don't know what I thought he was but I definitely never pictured him with a
enough and he needed to make it stop.
It didn’t matter. For the longest time John had thought Sherlock was asexual. The fact the Sherlock was as affectionate as he had been was something of a miracle in and of itself. If that’s all John ever got then he was fine with that. As long as it meant he had Sherlock.
What he actually got was a rather hard beating and repeated variations of the “piss off” he hadn’t received so long ago in a lab at Bart’s Hospital. None of it mattered though. A bonfire and a train car later, it was Sherlock and John again. Well, Sherlock, John and Mary.  Sherlock didn’t mind though. Figures that John would find someone as interesting as he was and stick with her.
"Is that code for breaking in?"
anyone who even so much as looked at Sherlock like they were going to hurt him. The cab ride home was silent, and as John unlocked the door to 221B he prepared the mental snapshot he had saved of Sherlock in the warehouse, ready to discuss and explore the whole situation. However, Sherlock went straight to the window, to his
like this?
It wouldn't have taken so long to clear Sherlock's name.
"Why did you never tell him that you love him?"
John wraps an arm around Sherlock’s waist while snaking his other hand to Sherlock’s neck, pulling him flush against his body. “What the hell are you talking about?” John growls. John starts backing them toward his chair and he pushes Sherlock down in it, straddling him “You have nothing to apologise for. I should have done this months ago.” He attacks Sherlock’s neck, sucking and biting and licking so hard that he’s sure to leave a hickey for everyone to see.
Dr. John Watson woke up drenched in cold sweat. It felt like somebody was standing on his chest, slowly crushing his lungs. His stomach in a tight knot, he was gasping for air, and trying to forget all he saw. But there was no forgetting the events of that afternoon. Sherlock's lifeless corpse appeared every time he closed his eyes, the body that was once him, the extraordinary man he loved despite all the pain he caused him. He broke out in loud, ugly sobs, not caring if Mrs. Hudson heard or not. Dreams might not have been real, but corpses were. Tombstones and funerals were.
protect people." he got up from his seat, and followed his flatmate outside. As usual, he didn't know where or why they were going, no one ever knows with him. Was the nod the invitation? John shrugged. That was, by far, not the strangest thing to have happened to him.
That was it, John thought while licking his lips. That was the moment where he either ran or went with what he was aching to do. Have been for years and never did. If he stopped, he wouldn't have to put a friendship at risk. There would be no pain, no rejection, no pushing away. Just another one of those missed chances never spoken about again. He could live with that. He was about to step back, and get started on reading the morning paper on the coffee table. Then he remembered.
John took his chances, and closed the distance between them with a soft press of lips. His arms snaked around the taller man's waist, trying to pull him closer and back into reality at the same time. He yearned for a response. Any reaction would've done it. But in a world of ordinary humans, he chose a marble statue to kiss. John felt the bitter taste of defeat in his mouth as he pulled away, arms letting go slowly. He misinterpreted it all along. There was nothing romantic behind his actions. Of course not. The man was Sherlock Holmes, he felt no such thing as love towards anyone but his own intellect.
"I got sent home as I look like shit." he grinned, and crouched down next to the man, who still looked confused to see him. "If it helps, I didn't expect you to be back either. Neither of you texted."
"I do. Five minutes. See you outside."
A yank on the back of his shirt, and he was on his feet again, facing his flatmate. He spoke not, only looked up at him, his gaze combining the stern Captain Watson, and the loyal John in one, blueish-gray pair of eyes. The silence was practically suffocating him, and there was nothing to do, nowhere to go other than stand and stare him right back. Sherlock Holmes will not admit defeat, not even in love.
"I'm gonna kill you one day." he muttered, standing up at last. The consulting detective wondered: why did he stay lying so long? The position was surely not so comfortable. Then why? An undecipherable mystery, that man, and he hated him for it. Loathed the feeling of something being right in front of his nose that he couldn't figure out.
"Calm down. You still have an hour before Mycroft arrives." John told him casually.
He closed his eyes. As he let himself sink into the mattress, head throbbing, its smell he couldn't feel up until that point all came to him. Most prominently, metal, strong and everywhere around him, joined by smoke. Somewhere in that thick cloud, he could've sworn he felt the scent a familiar aftershave. Very faint, nearly lost in everything else, but there it was. Almost like a beacon of hope.
(See the end of the chapter for
He hid behind the door as Mycroft entered their living room. Not even half a minute later, he heard John's voice from inside, loud and pissed off.
"You know," John intervened, crashing the detective's train of thought, "I'm actually glad I got to see this side of you before..." he trailed off, neither wanting to, nor knowing how to finish that sentence. And there it was. The bitter aftertaste of the sweet moment in Sherlock's mouth, that wiped the smile off his lips. "I just made this very awkward... again. Coffee?" the doctor sighed.
"Visiting." The elder Holmes replied as if that was the most obvious thing in the world. "I wanted to see how you are doing these days."
"You should have known I rarely do as you say." Sherlock rolled his eyes. "He spoke to me, Mycroft. He's not a born poet, you just have to read his blog to know that, but he's sincere. He might just be the only person who believes me. It might do him better if he never knows I'm alive, and there's always the risk of him letting the cat out of the bag, but I can't do it." That was the first time he'd actually admitted all that to himself, let alone to somebody else. Caring is not an advantage, his brother's words echoed in his brain. But no matter how much he wanted otherwise, he couldn't not care about
The doctor opened his eyes when he felt something wet sticking to his fingers. The explanation to the metallic smell. Blood. Fresh and dark red, pooling on the mattress beneath. Was he bleeding now?
Dr. Watson opened his mouth to answer, but no sound seemed to be coming out of it. The anger from earlier was all gone now, or at least, his flatmate dared to hope. The brave army doctor had fallen in a battle far too large for him to fight. He hid his face behind his hands, sighing. "Yes." he answered, his voice shaking as he spoke. Sherlock walked closer to him, carefully laying a hand on his shoulder.
"Oh, Sherlock..." he whispered as he stepped closer, the hand that didn't tremble reaching out uncertainly to touch him. He pulled his fingers along the length of the markings, just barely, careful not to wake him from his well-deserved sleep. "Dear, what have they done to you?" he asked, trying to examine them despite the bad light conditions. He didn't have a hard job. Only a whip would leave those kind of scars. The oldest a month, the newest a week old at most. He assumed the fact that the majority of the scars had been treated well was Mycroft's doing.
John was silent. Silent and staring at him with widened eyes. It was either shouting or tears, any minute. Mentally, Sherlock was already packing his bags. In the morning he'd take everything. Even if he survived, who in their right mind would've await him when he returned? Not John Watson. Not after all of this. But there was still a tiny bit of hope. There always was. So the detective held on to it, and broke the silence.
By now, you must've figured out what the title "Waterfalls" symbolises. The tears of both the main characters and the readers. So sorry, guys, please stay with me for one more chapter~ m(_ _)m
The early afternoon found Sherlock Holmes asleep on his bed, pulled curtains making the room adequately dark. He looked so... peaceful, lying there. The sight was so rare, so sacred that John would have felt it a crime to disturb him. His blanket kicked to the end of the bed, the younger man slept with his shirt off, back turned towards the door, towards John. He was even thinner than before, if that was possible. And as he gradually came closer, he noticed them.
TW: Nightmares, description of scars
person behind the mask of a madman, and the doctor felt priviledged to have caught a glimpse of it.
John completely lost track of time. Next thing he knew, he was tugging the detective by his bathrobe towards the armchairs. Sherlock was surprisingly submissive, and surprisingly eager to be kissed or touched. Had he never had any romantic partners before? With the ways he acted around people, it was entirely possible.
. What he wouldn't bet Sherlock was deducing him thoroughly during these very long-seeming seconds.
Sherlock's eyes popped open at the word. The living room really was illuminated by the first rays of the morning sun.
"Is it about Buckingham Palace?" he inquired, being answered with a nod.
As he rested his chin on top of Sherlock's head, he couldn't help but be reminded of their goodbye, and the reluctance the detective tried so hard to mask. It was alike the incident in Baskerville, when it looked like it physically pained him to admit he was afraid of something. There was no hiding anything tonight. He experienced it himself, with his newfound distrustfulness and shorter temper, war changes a man in ways he had never expected to change. Yet there they both were. Fucked up, but with somebody equally fucked up by their side who understood. Who cared. Who, John dared to hope, loved and was loved in return.
(See the end of the chapter for
, he nearly added.
That day was oddly cold for June, the skies above gray as John got out of the cab. Sherlock had experimental business to do at Bart's, and the doctor decided to tag along. Even watching his madman flatmate whip a corpse would've been more amusing than the crap that was bound to be on the telly that day.
Sherlock!” John couldn’t form the words he needed to tell Sherlock exactly what he was going to do when he found the men who had done this. He wanted to punch a hole in the wall. He wanted to bury a bullet in Mycroft’s skull.
*****
memorising the feel of hands and lips and tongues and teeth on skin. They would spend the next few days ignoring phone calls and texts and visitors in favour of learning exactly how long it takes to turn each other into a begging, mewling, quivering mess. They’d spend the next few months, years solving cases as usual, with added kisses and touches in public, John having to fight the urge to smirk 24/7 at
"Really? Seriously?" She sounds surprised but relieved. That is relief he hears, isn't it?
“Sherlock that’s no-”
Then when he returned, John had never wanted to hurt Sherlock until that day. He was so unbelievably cavalier about the whole situation. About making John grieve for two long years. Just walking back into his life, on the night he planned to propose to Mary, his girlfriend of six months, of all nights, and expecting it to go back to the way it was. He didn’t think he’d ever forgive him.
"No."
“I’m fine, John. Simple case. Should be in and out quickly.” Sherlock feigned nonchalance and turned his face toward the window, hand still twitching.
to find the killer.
“That’s because they value their jobs.”
he was
"Did he really date her just to get to her boss?"
"A client contacted us, said he was blackmailing her and her husband with some letters. Asked us to retrieve them for her."
I had intended this chapter to be longer but idk I really liked that last paragraph and line. Seemed like a nice place to stop. There will be more. I need to see how My John reacts to the Mary Reveal. Hope you guys liked it.
Sherlock had woken up and said
John woke up, groaning softly at the muffled notes floating down the hall and through the closed bedroom door. He glanced at the clock on the bedside drawer that red out 4.38 a.m.
Sherlock so much that he allowed Sherlock to integrate himself everywhere in and around John and didn't even put up a fight. That was wrong. John knew this. Was he sorry for it?
curious.
"You sound like a girl in Year 11."
being able to take Sherlock’s hand and make it clear that Sherlock is undeniably
because you wanted to protect
"How is my brother, Dr. Watson?" His voice was calm and collected, same as it always was. John was prepared to smash is unfeeling skull into the linoleum floor when he looked up and saw Mycroft's face. He seemed unaffected at first glance, but there was fear in his eyes. John was by no means as smart as either Sherlock or Mycroft but he was not blind. He was in the army for god's sake, he knows how to read a room and a body, living or dead. John had debated whether Mycroft's concern had been out of familial obligation or if he actually cared. The answer was clear on Mycroft's face.
John during Mary's and Janine's visit with Sherlock.
he hadn’t been able to help it at first. He didn’t need Sherlock thinking he meant more to John than a friend and a flatmate. Especially since he was definitely
He closed his eyes and listened to the music, and from somewhere in his sleep addled brain, words sprung up in his mind in time with the music.
*****
“I have to do your back now. Make sure everything is in its proper place.” John spoke slowly but firmly. If Sherlock knew John had seen his fear, he’d turn into an insufferable arsehole faster than John could blink.
“Alright. Shirt. Off.” I focus on setting the kit on the table in front of him.
“What, love?” He moved Sherlock’s head from his neck and held his face in his hand, wiping his tears away. “Look at me, Sherlock. I love you. Whatever needs to be fixed we’ll do it together. Always together.” He looked straight into those grey-blue. He needed Sherlock to realise that nothing he said or did would change how John felt about him. If he could still be in love with him after believing he was dead for two years, he would always love him. “What did you need to fix?”
and do something anything to help this beautiful genius. But he stopped. He froze. His heart shattered into a million pieces. It put itself back together again.
“I love you.” John said, his voice a broken whisper in Sherlock’s ear, his hands curling into Sherlock’s hair and holding on as if afraid Sherlock would get up and run from him.
Sherlock squeezed his hand. "Mary." His voice was rough but still impossibly deep. He slipped back into sleep under the haze of pain medication.
"Hey." She said, slightly out of breathe, as though she had rushed to get here.
"Yes."
“You can’t be fixed, Sherlock.” He said against Sherlock’s mouth. He swallowed and continued. “Some things can’t be fixed. You’ve fought an underground war on your own and you have literal scars to show for it. Men who’ve been through less have nightmares for the rest of their lives. I’ve never been…tortured.” John nearly choked on the word, but he had to say this. “And I still have nightmares. It’s okay if you’re a little broken, Sherlock. I’m broken too. I’m broken too and you still want me and I still want you and I don’t care about your scars I jus-
he forgave Sherlock. Every time he got the text, he'd run off and leave his date without even hesitating.
John sighs and goes in and is suddenly surrounded by white. To his right is a white door marked ‘Employees’, to his left a long white hallway leading to steel double doors, and right in front of him is Sherlock, leaning against a white wall beside another long hallway leading to red double doors. He needed to look away from Sherlock, who was standing there texting looking like a spokesperson for some sort of hell-angel. John very pointedly did
. People were rarely ever
He had noticed John before. Within the first year he discovered that with the revelation that John's limp was, in fact, psychosomatic, and the fact that his new life now consisted of running after criminals, it would behoove John to take up some form of a fitness routine. John, it seemed, had also come to this conclusion. He had walked out of the bathroom after coming back from a run. Later on, Sherlock would be able to think enough to realize that John had forgotten his clothes in his gym bag by the front door. But at that moment, all he could notice was that John was wearing nothing but a towel and padding quietly past him to the door to get his bag. Sherlock assumed that John had hoped he would be too busy staring at some organism under his microscope. His hair had still been dripping, and he was flushed from his face down to his chest. Whether from the heat or embarrassment, Sherlock would never know.
The thief crumpled to the ground, red spreading on his chest like a bloody flower. John turned back to look at Sherlock, a smile of relief already tugging at his lips. The smile falling from his face as he watched Sherlock fall to his knees, looking like he was torn between sobbing and throwing up every meal he’s ever eaten.
For the first time John understood Sherlock's frustration with minds of, in Sherlock's opinion, average intelligence. He didn't understand what it meant. There were people who claimed to see things after they've been resuscitated, brought back from the dead
He told himself that he didn't really have a choice, if he didn't go, Sherlock would probably get himself killed. He even told himself it was his job,  when he finally just accepted the money they had started appearing in his account after two months of living with Sherlock. He still wasn't sure if it was Mycroft or Sherlock who was paying him but he knew that Sherlock in no way needed a flatmate to pay the rent, so it could have been either of them. He told himself everything other than the truth. That's the part of this that was wrong. That John loved Sherlock-
"Yeah, I was. What are those?"
"Why not?"
“I love you. I love you so much. I love you so
A nurse came and led them to a different waiting room, one with plush red seats and a television and proper magazines.
"Yeah, that's pretty much what I said. But you're right and Sherlock already knew that, but he figured if he corrupted it then it would read as
“I’m not nervous! Why would I be nervous?”
instead of wrong. Security wouldn't risk dragging away Magnesussen, would they?"
"John! John you've got to stop that now. He'll be alright. Sherlock's too stubborn to die."
“If the goal is to fit in with your old army buddies, then that should do fine. Going in an outfit that outranks them would put them ill at ease and reflect badly on your ego.”
When they got home Sherlock walked stiffly and silently to the window and started playing immediately. John considered going over there and talking to him about everything. Them, today,
would you- you let yourself be
much. I lo-”
"John! Wait a sec, I'll be right there." He says as he starts toward the staircase. Greg has showered, shaved, and slept, judging by the slightly less dark circles on under his eyes.
violin and started playing that
When he found out who did this he was going to take great pleasure in wrapping his hands around their neck and squeezing the life out of them. The almost killed Sherlock. No, they
He straightened up and looked at the sheet music out of habit, even though he was confident he didn’t remember out to read it anymore.
. Greg scanned the scene, looking at Sherlock like he might need to call an ambulance for him, and reached around to pull out his handcuffs. John was confused for a moment before he saw Greg looking at him with a regretful expression, and his brain finally caught up.
“What is it?” Sherlock asked. His voice was completely smooth. Not a trace of any uncertainty or awkwardness. This was by no means the first time that John had patched Sherlock up, but all previous incidents were confined to the face and hands. Anything else was handled by hospital staff. But now, just a few weeks after one the worst rows Sherlock’s ever had with EMTs, John was tasked with taking care of Sherlock’s first real injury in months. John had no idea how Sherlock could be so calm. Even though Sherlock has made it very clear that he was not interested in anyone, man or woman, and was fairly certain that Sherlock didn’t even feel things that way, he expected a little acknowledgement of the peculiar situation they were currently in. Friends and flatmates for almost four years, including the horrible two when Sherlock was “dead”, and this was the first time John had ever touched Sherlock while he was half naked.
- lying on the floor, blood spreading across his chest at an alarming rate and dying his ridiculously posh shirt crimson red. The image suddenly flipped and Sherlock was lying on concrete instead of hardwood. The blood was no longer on his chest but on his face and in his hair. Faintly John heard some other poor soul in the waiting room make some god awful noise that sounded desperate and animalistic, as if it came from the darkest depths of that person's heart. It wasn't until a small mousy pathologist shook him that he realised the noise was coming from him.
John thinks,
"John, when we first met I told you that bravery was by far the kindest word for stupidity. I implore you, Dr. Watson, be stupid now." With that, Mycroft left the room, his umbrella clacking on the floor as he goes.
“I’m sorry. I’m so sorry, I love you. I’m sorry.” Sherlock murmurs against John’s lips over and over again.
"We meet at the office and he starts breaking down the security, where Magnussen's office is, and how the key card system worked."
John's eyes, which were previously staring at the floor, followed Sherlock's hand as it slowly moved upwards, long, thin fingers touching the slightly parted lips he had kissed mere seconds ago. It was almost like... disbelief? The older man lifted his gaze to the pale eyes, shining, practically sparkling in the morning sunlight. The cold, unfeeling statue came to life before him, and radiated hope. The beginning of something new, right there and then. The hand he'd been watching moved to cup his face, the other hand along with it. "Thank you" he said softly, voice no louder than a whisper.
