“You remember when Frank came into Dr. Sexy and we started this whole thing about Dr. Sexy being bi? How we kinda argued about it and you said -”
“Could be something that’s there or something that isn’t. He says they’re near water, maybe the idea is to hide the lack of water sounds,” Dean threw out there, leaning against the side of the car.
So Cas was waiting. He was waiting for Brown’s body to be released so they could all pay their respects. He was waiting for leads on Miller.
To his surprise, it had worked, and less than an hour later, he had them looking at floor plans and discussing where a bomb could do the most damage. More importantly, he had them talking about what they had at home to work with, and how it could be used to best advantage. That should just about do it for these two.
Eventually, Castiel got up, taking the t-shirt with him, and went searching for a bottle. Of course Dean would do something like that. Of course he would.
Dean couldn’t get past those few words until a nurse came in and, addressing him politely as Mr. Winchester, began to ask him a number of questions and direct him through a number of exercises. She declared he was doing much better, but still weak, and that he would now be put on a protein rich diet to build his strength. Dean crossed his fingers for bacon, but it turned out to be some kind of meat broth for today. Seems he had been out for quite a few days and would have to work his way up to solid food.
some of his weirdness could be scary? Like how he just comes out of nowhere sometimes and asks if you’re feeling embarrassed or ashamed? Has he done that to you yet?”
Anyway, they started burning stuff, not knowing where to look for a body and not sure what the ghost could be attached to, and every time they came into the room, it started again. As more and more of the personal items were burned without any measurable effect, Cas became convinced the key was the song. So they sat in the now mostly empty room, dissecting what it could mean.
“I spotted the car and I knew it had to move. So I begged her to go around the block. She went. When I knew she was gone, I got out of the way too. Called in the accident.”
“No, sir. I mean, not headed to your door. I was following that omega there. Out alone after curfew, acting suspicious.”
Dean frowned at that, Cas entirely forgotten for a moment. When he raised his eyes, it was to look at Sam.
Four years later, he had gone everywhere. More than once. He made more money just travelling and recording videos than he could have made staying in Lawrence. And for the first time since he’d left, he was homesick. He spent that Christmas in Finland, visited Santa in Lapland. Went to Paris for Valentine’s Day. Welcomed Spring by a meadow in the Alps. And that’s where he told his followers that he was going home.
It took some doing, and a bit of time. Just gathering the things he needed without alerting Dean to the surprise he was preparing was tricky. Finding the tracks was easy enough online, once he’d finally settled on the ones he wanted, but figuring out how to get them from his phone to the tape without sacrificing all of the sound quality was beyond his skills. Fortunately, Sam came back with Eileen, and after a couple of days to let them settle in Cas finally asked Sam to help him figure it out.
“I don’t know, Sam. I don’t know what the hell is going on here. What are we even talking about, cause it sure as hell isn’t Dr. Sexy anymore. What?”
“Anyway, I go around the block and when I come back, he’s nowhere to be found, but there’s a semi wrecked right where I was parked. I mean, it was wrecked. Driver had some sort of medical thing. Truck barreled right past the parking spots, and over the sidewalk and right into the wall. There’s no way I would have seen it coming, with the way I was so focused on the building, you know? I think he saved my life.”
“We don’t have to try to figure out their rules,” Cas said, over a smile. “We can make our own. Start easy, figure out what works for us, and make new rules as we go along.”
An echo broke through the fog, and Dean knew what to do. He swallowed, closed his eyes, and let his head drop back, exposing his own neck.
It was the middle of the night, and Baby rolled away as quietly as she could be expected to. Cas stood there another minute, watching her disappear into the darkness.
Awkwardly, he stopped, shoved his hands into his pockets and positioned himself in front of the master bedroom door.
“I’d imagine that that was more about keeping me feeling suitably obligated to stay in a job I didn’t like than the money. Still, I probably should have determined from the beginning exactly how much she was owed.”
He felt Castiel’s weight shift off him, his body tense up, and the cold air that suddenly intruded made him aware of the sticky mess on their bellies. He whined a protest but let him move. It seemed Cas was thinking again, so Dean really needed to get his head in gear.
“Either way, I’m guessing that they want you busy, and away from whatever they’re up to. It was working out well for them that you were looking for Miller near the shooting site, and when you stopped it became a problem.”
Dean made himself move then. Put just enough distance between them for eye contact, his hands gripping Cas just as tightly as he was holding on. Maybe they’d just have to be the rock to each other’s limpet for a while, because Dean couldn’t tell which was which anymore.
She seemed a bit stunned by his quick withdrawal, and clearly thinking that she must have confused him, made one last effort to drive her point home.
They slide into a booth across from each other, and now that he can see those eyes looking at him he really needs to say something to get them back on track or he’s going to forget to stay professional.
“Come on, Cas. You’re the most selfless guy I know. Self-interest, really? Helping me is your idea of self-interest?”
He got up then, walked out of the room declaring he needed a drink. Sam sat in silence for another moment, then disappeared to his room with a lore book under his arm.  Dean sat where he was, thinking about every time he’d ever made eye contact with Cas and followed that up by picking up a waitress, and suddenly he couldn’t bear the weight of all those small moments. He needed to apologize, even if it was Dean Winchester style. And so he sat there, waiting for Cas to come back.
“Hell, yeah,” he agreed. “We could take the Impala somewhere. Or I could cook for you, at my place.”
Was there going to be a date portion? Dean had said “It’s a date,” but people say that when they just mean that the proposed time and place are acceptable. Not that he could recall a man saying it to him in that way ever before. And Dean had mentioned dating a guy in the past.
Cas tensed even more, looking to Dean and Sam for direction, but to his surprise they seemed to mostly be amused by the suggestion. Since they didn’t seem to be inclined to do anything about it, Cas found himself appealing to his brother.
A good host always had some booze around, his mother had always assured him. A small but excellent selection of the hard stuff, at the very least. So he picked out the fullest bottle and made his way back to bed.
And just to buy some time and try to avoid another argument, he shoved a handful of popcorn into his mouth. But as he chewed, Sam and Cas talked about that look and what it meant, and also about the music and next thing he knew they were taking bets on when Dr. Sexy would kiss Frank. And he couldn’t help it, he smirked again.
The image was zoomed out, and he could see there was nothing around or under this tree but bare rocks. It was, in fact, standing on a boulder some 6 feet above the trail, as if it was some giant’s houseplant, on a side table. Except a giant's houseplant would have a pot of dirt. And there was nothing but bare rock at the base of this tree.
He was confused, is all. She was there, he could smell her perfume, and hear her voice, and her hand on his arm. And actually, now that Dean thought about it, her eyes were blue too. When had blue eyes become so common? Seemed like everyone had blue eyes all of a sudden. Anyway, he clearly was thinking about Nurse Kelly when he was looking at Frank, that’s why that music was playing and why he looked kinda dazed.
As far as he could tell through the mask, Vader actually snickered there, like a man who knows something you don’t know and just detected some irony you’re blind to.
Dean looked up, prepared to tell Cas about his idea. But his mind went blank again and he heard himself tripping over his words.
Castiel made sure his phone was locked and tucked into his shirt pocket just right before exiting the car. He had muted the other end of the video call, of course, and made sure the flash was off on the camera. The last thing he needed was for these guys to hear some commotion on the other end of the line and figure out that there was a whole team watching and listening in to what they were doing. Who needed a bug these days when nobody would think twice about cell phones?
“Well, word is that the organizers have been getting a lot of hate mail. No real threat that they could take to the cops, but seriously ugly stuff. And she’s worried that there’s going to be trouble this year. I get the feeling she wants me to go.”
He spent the better part of 5 days pacing in his room, afraid of how badly he was going to fuck it up even as he knew that hiding out the way he was doing right now, after that kiss, was in fact fucking it up. But what did he say? What did he do? He hadn’t been this unsure of himself when he was a teenager. Although, he’d probably been an insufferable teenager.
He shook his head as if this is exactly what he had expected, though he had rather hoped he’d be wrong and Dr Sexy would surprise him.
A gasp from Charlie made him look to find Cas had removed Vader’s mask and found Miller’s ugly mug under it.
“Yeah, that’s basically why I didn’t join myself. I thought about it. But I’m more interested in helping people than in locking them up.”
“I left a note,” Cas pointed out. It hadn’t really occurred to him that anyone would care enough to be worried, frankly. The note he’d left was more to keep his parents from calling the police and reporting him missing than because he thought anyone cared where he was or what he was doing. “And I kept in touch.”
He couldn’t make himself speak. He was probably freaking Cas out but he couldn’t think about that right now because internally, he was freaking out. Okay, so – definitely not as straight as he’d led himself to believe then. His mouth had to be open. Was his mouth open? It felt dry, the way mouths feel when they’ve been open for a while.
“She was a lesbian, and never had any kids. I guess I set off the gaydar, because when we met she sort of took me under her wing. I ended up staying at her apartment for about a week. Heard all about her youth, all the things she’d not been allowed to say or do at my age. The lost loves. The
“It’s warm now, though.” Dean piped up, not about to let such trifles as not actually being hungry right now get between him and warm, fresh, delicious pie.
Cas came to stand over his shoulder, watching as Dean outlined half a dozen potential weapons and 4 solid basic moves for each one. It was a full 45 minutes later that they noticed how long they’d been talking about it.
Dean glanced I Kevin’s direction and they shifted closer, as if preparing to have each other’s back on this matter of enormous importance.
Folk music festival at the park. Small window of opportunity. It was only the one night. Mostly local appeal. Not that well attended in previous years. Renaissance Fair. That mostly seemed to draw students and their families from out of town if that was your target why not just hit the university? County Fair. Possible. Huge crowds, by local standards, from all over the county. Lots of buildings to provide cover (and shrapnel). Fenced in area that would be hard to escape. He marked the location on his map with two big concentric circles, one red and one green. It was a bit closer to the coastline than he would have liked, but still.
“I’m not talking about your caseload, Castiel,” and that snapped his full attention back to Benny. “I mean
“Going somewhere?” Dean’s hand was on his holster, where an entirely plastic prop that couldn’t survive being thrown across the room tried to look like a future light weapon of some sort. Cas really should have paid more attention when they were watching the movies. He walked with a swagger that, Cas had to admit, was a bit distracting, mostly because it was so unlike Dean’s understated walk, but also because it was sexy as hell, though it hadn’t seemed so on Harrison Ford.
“Castiel Novak,” he said quietly. “That’s my name now. If you ever decide to look for me in the big world out there, I want you to know I want to be found.”
“We have more flexibility in situations like your movie theater shooter as PIs than we do as police officers,” Cas nudged.
There, that was better. He could work with this. Maybe just take out that whole middle part and not go on about Lisa.
He almost went right to bed, but the t-shirt Cas gave him yesterday no longer held much of his scent. Dean stopped cold when he saw that Cas was standing outside his door, looking very much as if he’d just been caught doing something he shouldn’t be doing.
Cas nodded, and let it drop. But even though he had work he should be doing, he extended their lunch as much as possible, and distracted Dean for a couple of hours, planning a hypothetical road trip vacation. He had surprisingly strong feelings about the World’s Biggest Ball of Yarn, as it turned out.
“Why would someone put a bomb on a random bus headed to Cleveland? Is anyone famous on that bus? Someone of special significance?”
On autopilot, his hands went to Castiel’s knees, stroking gently, nudging his legs apart so Dean could get closer. It wasn’t close enough. Slowly, his hands made their way up Castiel’s thighs and around to the back of his hips, nudging the towel off in the process. He heard a strangled moan, and then Cas was leaning in for a kiss. That was a hell of a good idea, so Dean dove in, giving as good as he got. Castiel’s hands tightened in his hair just as his own hands tightened on his hips, and again Dean’s instincts took over and pulled Cas closer, the towel forgotten entirely already.
. That’s how he ended up drifting over to fake ID room. The redhead in there was just bubbly enough to distract him without getting annoying, and he could still get the occasional glimpse of Cas through the open doors.
The chat quietly for a few minutes, the TV low in volume, playing something from some local television station. It’s only about 3:00 in the afternoon and there’s really nothing to do. The funeral doesn’t need any more planning, they’ve already eaten, and there isn’t much happening around town.
“I can see that,” Sam says, a sort of distant smile growing on his face. “And Cas? Why is he going with you? I mean, I’m assuming that’s what you meant when you said ‘we are moving’.” Dean looks down and even through the dark, Sam can tell he’s nervous about something. “What? I mean, you guys are obviously close, but I figured Cas’s life is in New York…”
However, tonight is different. After Dean’s name disappears from the screen, a black background pops up. Pretty white script shows up on the screen and Cas reads it: Dedicated to the love of my life. This show wouldn’t exist without you, angel. Marry me?
She runs up to him and hugs him tightly, like she’s never going to let go. She’s wearing a brown apron, one that all of the workers here are wearing, and her hair is tied up. It hasn’t been too long since Dean’s seen her, a few months maybe, but he’s glad to know she didn’t pierce up her face or dye her hair ridiculous colors when she came back in spite of her mom.
There’s virtually nothing different about Dean. His hair is the same, he’s got the same kind of clothing as always: flannel, biker boots, too many layers for the summer heat. He even has the amulet around his neck still. But he looks a little different, too. For one, his worry lines have faded.
Sam sat down, pulling Cas’s head to his shoulder. They both sat there, shaking, until the sun went down.
“Oh, thank God you’re alright,” the guy above him says. He has dark hair and strong features and Dean wonders what the hell got him into this position.
“He’s fine. Our sources tell us that your husband is on track to make an impeccable recovery. We’re to tell you that you’re the first person he asked for when he woke up.”
The man before him, Cas, stares at Sam for a few more beats before his eyes begin to widen as if he’s piecing together a puzzle. “Wait here,” he tells Sam, and the door is closed in his face.
“That’s so cool! I had no idea you were into film.” Sarah says, and honestly, neither did Sam. But it really does make sense. Growing up, Dean loved watching movies but it was more than that. He liked to learn about the actors, the directors, the sets and their purposes. He always was fascinated with the subject. “What are they like?”
At first, it looks like a messy bed with piles of blankets and pillows. Then his eyes adjust to the light and he starts to make out the shape of a body, Cas’s body, lifeless under a heaping comforter.
“You don’t have to worry about him anymore,” Sam says. Dean is grateful because he feels like his tongue is tied up in knots inside his mouth, keeping him from being able to say a single thing. “Jack, he’s in charge now. Chuck is powerless.”
“Honestly, I expected this from you, Dean,” the dark haired man says, “but you, Grace? I thought you were better than this.” Dean looks down to his 6-year-old daughter, happy to see that there’s not a single trace of shame on her face.
“You didn’t bring a pie,” Dean says. “I asked you to bring a pie,” he frowns, pretending to be hurt.
Dean, noticing Sam’s staring, shrugs sheepishly. “Help me wipe this down,” he says, as if the whole situation isn’t, in fact, as bizarre as it is. He tosses Sam a wet rag and grabs another one for himself.
Sam can’t help but feel ridiculously happy as he looks from the woman he loves, to the brother he loves, to the man his brother loves.
“He finished by acing all of his exams and a nearly perfect GPA .” Sarah says, sending Sam a similar look as to the one Cas just gave Dean.
Dean raises a finger at Sam, pointed in his face like he’s a disappointed father scolding his son. But he doesn’t say anything. He just lowers his hand and turns away.
“Hey,” Dean said quietly, hurrying over to the side of the bed. Sam stands as well and grabs the glass of water Dean had filled.
Still, all Cas wants is to be in his own home with his own bed and his own blankets wrapped around him. But he instead has a five hour flight ahead of him.
When the plane finally starts to descend from the air, Dean’s reaction is a mixture of panic and relief. He curses loudly when the plane touches down but apologizes when Emma scolds him. As Cas grabs his duffel bag from the overhead compartment, he tries not to be upset that this may very well have been the only time he ever got to spend with the charming man. He doesn’t dwell, though, because he has to continue moving down the aisle or the other passengers are going to be upset.
“So is there a way for us to see your movies?” Sarah asks, mouth full of food. Dean looks to Sam and smirks, no doubt thinking about the times Sam yelled at Dean for doing the same.--talking with his mouth full.
“Oh? And what else would you have me do?” Cas asks, holding onto Dean’s arm tightly as he walks him up to the front door of Dean’s house.
Cas shook his head. He sat down on the floor, back leaning against the sink where he threw up moments ago. “Dean.” He said. “Dean, Dean, Dean.”
Sam offers to start on the dishes after dinner for something to do and Charlie offers to join him. They stand side by side at the sink. Sam washes and Charlie dries and puts away since she knows the kitchen better than Sam.
“Yeah, I just wish I could tell him how proud of him I am. But the last time we saw each other, he was so mad… And I’ve never even asked him to forgive me.”
“That okay?” Dean asks, though he doesn’t sound all that concerned. Perhaps he knows Sam won’t mind, but it’s probably that he knows Sam isn’t worth it if he does.
He’s pulled from his thoughts when a cold bottle taps his shoulder. Sam looks up and sees Dean taking a swig of a beer and offering one to Sam. “Mind if I sit?”
“Yeah, well at least I’m afraid of something that’s actually dangerous. Clowns, Sammy? They don’t do anything but make kids happy.” Sam’s face reddens and he glares at his brother.
Eventually, he feels Cas starting to face. He starts pulling away longer so he can breathe and his arms have fallen slack against the bed.
It’s over a minute before anyone answers. He counts. Inside, there’s loud music and the occasional voices that stop once he raps his fist against the door. He’s about to knock again, or turn back toward the sidewalk and run, when the doorknob starts to turn. Sam’s stomach turns to goo as the door swings open and he braces himself for whatever his brother might do.
“I do too. But I understand. Your dad didn’t react well. You have every right to be anxious about this.”
“Dean!” is what he hears first when he enters the coffee shop. At first, he doesn’t know whose voice the words belong to, but his eyes fall upon Jo.
“Great. Great, now both of the people I’m stuck with for five hours are going to be making fun of me.” He sighs, and then the pilot’s voice comes on over the intercom, announcing that they can now unbuckle their seatbelts and move around. The man leans down to pull up a diaper bag, out of which he pulls a coloring book and a mess of crayons. He pulls the table down in front of his daughter and lets her color. Cas tries not to let the artist in him criticize her for her extremely messy work.
Chaplin Lafitte told Cas that as soon as Dean was well enough to travel, he’d be on a plane home. Cas hadn’t even let himself hope that it’d be only a week before he was standing in the airport, his daughter on his shoulders to help him scan the crowd.
“Well thanks, but I think I’m fine, doctor,” he mocks, trying to stand up again. This time, he stands up completely before falling forward into the arms of the doctor, who clearly is struggling to hold him up. Dean doesn’t protest again as the guy helps him walk over to a car. The man helps him into the passenger seat before Dean realizes what’s happening.
“Our uncle Bobby always says “Family don’t end in blood.” Dean and Cas made their own family. When neither of them had anyone, they found each other and went from there. Growing up, I watched my big brother and looked up to him. He was so kind, so selfless, though he’d never believe it himself. But then Dean met Cas, the man who is responsible for finally convincing Dean of the wonderful person he is.
“So, Cas, I know you’re already paying for the medical bills, and you’ve given me a ride to and from the hospital today, not to mention letting me squeeze your hand when that evil bastard was setting my wrist--”
“Sammy,” he coos with a toothy grin, patting Sam’s jaw with his hand. Sam laughs and bounces up and down, making Jack giggle.
“Like, famous art, or your own art…?” Dean asks. Sam looks at Sarah, whose eyes widen. She’s not used to people wanting to know more about her major--usually, people think it’s a far-fetched dream.
“It is going to become a televised series, yes. The contract is for one season, and the ratings on this season determine if you’ll have more. You’ll have script writers, but as the director and creator of the show you have full creative control. So you can use the basis of your films for the plot but you’ll have people who are going to write out the full episodes.”
He groans, trying to sit up, when someone’s hand lands on his shoulder. Dean has to focus, hard, but he sees a man standing above him, concern lacing all corners of his face. Dean struggles, trying again to push himself up. He can’t, though, because something is wrong with his right wrist and it hurts when he pushes on it.
Sam is still holding out his gun in the way they were taught as children, looking around corners and inside closets for any sign of something wrong. When he sees Dean, he lowes his gun, though he doesn’t put it away completely. “Nothing?” Sam asks, mistaking whatever look was on Dean’s face as concern instead of complete and utter shock.
“Our lives.” Sam whispers. Only instead of bad guys, his dad hunts the supernatural and the names are different.
When they say goodbye, it’s still awkward and Sam can feel that they need to resolve the tension between the two of them. He turns on his phone and scrolls through his contacts looking for Dean. He can’t find it at first, but then his eye catches on the word “jerk”. Sam smiles at that, chuckling quietly.
Sam can’t help the laugh that escapes his mouth. “This is great, Dean. I mean, seeing you like this, it’s—I’m happy for you.” Dean snorts a little, but he doesn’t deflect. He just keeps smiling.
Cas doesn’t wait before pulling Dean up from the ground and hugging him, tightly. He kisses him hard, over and over again, before hugging him once more and murmuring “yes” into the crook of Dean’s neck.
He blinked and then Mary was gone. He could no longer see her brown hair flowing behind her as she ran. Just as he was beginning to panic, Cas turned and saw that people were beginning to clear. And then, standing only a few feet away, was Dean Winchester, holding their daughter, smiling bigger than Cas remembered him ever smiling before.
Dean glances over to his boyfriend, sitting in the passenger seat. “Thanks, Cas. I know it can’t be easy for you to pretend--it’s not easy for me to pretend, and I pretended for most of my life.”
Back when he and Dean were kids, Sam idolized him. He wanted to be just like his big brother. Then Sam went away to college and thought that had all changed. He thought he could finally make a life for himself, away from his family and the way he felt like they tethered him to the ground.
“Maybe it was because I hated your car.” Dean answers, beginning to close his eyes again. Then the car stops, and the next thing he’s aware of is Cas leaning over him, already standing outside next to the passenger door.
Dean is too distracted to see where his weapon went until he hears a soft yelp: the victim of the wayward snowball.
Dean was honestly expecting something a little more vulgar coming from him, but Gabe rambled on about how happy he was to see his brother getting to be totally free and whatnot.
Cas was pacing the living room when someone knocked on the door. He didn’t want to answer it. More than anything, Cas wanted to go to his bed, no, his and Dean’s bed, and sleep until someone called and told him that Dean was alright. That he was coming home because Dean had to be coming home. He just had to.
They walk into the bunker taking practiced slow and quiet steps. After clearing the war room, Sam jerks his head in the direction of the kitchen so Dean nods and takes off down the hall.
So, while Cas doesn’t know how to get Dean to stop shaking, he tries to be there for him by holding him as the plot of the episode unfolds.
“He wants you to pick him up,” Cas says. Sam, mildly horrified, obliges. He reaches down and hooks his hands under Jack’s armpits, lifting him up. Jack wraps his legs around Sam’s waist and links his arms around Sam’s neck.
Jack skips into the kitchen behind everyone and Sam follows, more nervous about meeting new people than what is probably acceptable.
A little over a month ago, Sam came home to find a postcard sitting on his counter, buried beneath a pile of bills. It was addressed to his old apartment, the one he’d shared with three other guys his sophomore year. Despite having moved twice since living there, the card somehow found its way to him, thanks to the forwarding addresses he’d left with each apartment before he left.
“Good to know, Sammy, but we haven’t exactly seen much of each other lately. Inquire any new fetishes? Pets? Still a nerd?” Sam doesn’t miss the way Dean says his name. He smiles softly and rolls his eyes all the same, liking how easily Dean seems to slip back into his teasing nature..
“I prefer Cas”. Cas has a firm handshake and a kind smile when he greets Sam. It’s enough to make a positive first impression for himself.
Dean still doesn’t say anything, but he turns to face Sam and tilts his head so he can see the book.
“Good job,” he tells her, when she takes his advice on not pushing so hard. She hands him another crayon without saying anything, and Cas takes it as an invitation to color along with her. The only familiarity he has with children as small as her is his nieces and nephews, most of which he’s not around very often.
“Is there somewhere we could speak privately, Castiel?” Cas led them inside through the back door. He brought them to the kitchen, deciding the living room would be too friendly. Not the kind of environment he’d want to associate with the news of his husband being declared dead.
“He was supposed to come back to me.” Cas whispered. Then, louder, “He promised me!” Cas let a sob escape. “He promised he’d come back. He promised me, Sam. How could he lie?” He hollered, not caring about how uncomposed he was, not caring that he was embarrassing himself.
Sam nods at him in return. The music was turned off a few minutes before so that everyone could calm down, leaving the house much quieter than before.
So Sam waits, and he tries to prepare himself for something to say if Dean is the next one to come to the door. Will he send Sam away? Or sock him in the jaw? Or just slam the door in his face? He’s left for a few minutes, imagining and stressing all of the possible scenarios when the door finally opens back up and he’s face to face with Dean for the first time in years.
“I was just thinking,” Cas begins. “Do you remember how you made fun of how nervous Sam was when he asked you to be his best man? And how you said you couldn’t imagine what he was like asking Sarah to marry him?”
Sam nods and closes the bedroom door, settling himself onto the floor with his back up against the wall. Dean is there, standing in a room in the bunker with Cas and Sam. His family. The two people he cares about most. It’s almost too overwhelming to handle, so he takes to pacing from wall to wall of the small room.
“You’re a good soul, kid. You ought to know that.” Dean blushes and rubs the back of his neck. “Your daddy didn’t know that, but we do. And that boy of yours knows it too.”
They watch the first episode. It’s only about 15 minutes long but it’s enough to understand exactly how Dean feels about how he and Sam were raised.
Everything is quiet again for a few minutes, and despite Dean being close enough to reach out and touch Cas if he wanted to, they’re not looking at each other. In fact, it’s almost like Cas is pointedly trying not to look at Dean.
At first, all Dean can hear is a ringing in his ears. He’s not used to this kind of hangover and, hell, he doesn’t even remember drinking. In fact, he has no idea what the fuck is going on and he can’t see anything other than blobs of people above him.
“I thought it was pretty damn good. I never knew Dean could do something like this.” Because honestly, the first episode was fantastic. The dialogue was good, the camera work, the plot as a whole. It was interesting and easy to follow and something Sam would probably watch even if he didn’t know Dean’s the one who created it.
Sam didn’t notice at first, when he looks at Dean he sees a steady stream of tears running down his face and he realizes Dean is defeated. He doesn’t want to have hope.
“I mean, Cas and I… we need each other. We’re dating. We’ve been dating for about two years  and I don’t know how you feel about that but if it’s a problem for some reason, take it out on me. Not him.” Sam just stares past his brother, waiting as the pieces in his head fit together. He’s taken back to the day he met Cas and the flirty waitress. And how clueless Dean seemed about her.
Dean slams the car door behind him and barely takes a moment to feel bad about it. Sam is calling his name but he doesn’t care. Sam wanted him to mourn? To grieve? Feel pain like he’s never felt? Well, he got his damn wish.
There’s a picture of the Chicago skyline on the postcard along with the words “Greetings from ILLINOIS” in big block letters. On the back, there isn’t even a note. Just an address. No signature, but Sam recognizes his brother’s handwriting from the countless times he’d helped Sam with his homework when they were kids.
“The hell are we doing here?” Dean asks as he climbs out of the driver’s side. He shuts the door with a little more force than necessary.
God, what was he going to tell her? A six year old should never have to fear that their father might be dead. What was he going to tell Sam? What was he going to tell his friends? How could he not get to say goodbye?
It’s all Dea can do not to leap onto his sleeping form and hold him. If Sam is right and Cas really is human, he’s probably in desperate need of sleep.
“Mary, come here.” Cas said as soon as he stepped outside. Mary ran up to him. She immediately wiped his tears.
When he finally realizes that he’s just been staring into the house for too long, he grabs his bag and hurries inside. The entryway of the house consists of a staircase that leads to another floor and a coat rack in the corner. Sam sets his bag beside it in favor of lugging it around. To the left, there’s a living room and the right holds an office. Straight ahead, past the stairs, is a kitchen.
Dean gets lost in the warmth of Cas’s lips which have yet to start freezing. This kiss is chaste--close-mouthed an innocent, but Dean finds that he never tires of kissing his husband no matter how sweet and romantic and chick-flicky it makes him feel. Dean grabs the lapels of Cas’s trench coat and pulls him closer, smiling into their kiss...
“Is, uh, is everything okay?” Sam asks, crouching down to wipe the floor that is now sticky from spilled juice.
Cas had to explain to her that her daddy might never come home. That she might never see him again. Every night, when Cas tucked her in, Mary would say a prayer. Every night, she would ask God to bring her daddy home.
“Dude, just stop breathing so fast,” Sam says, as if that’s supposed to magically make it possible. “Why are you even nervous?”
Cas looks at him sadly. If John hadn’t moved them all over America due to his paranoia and obsession with finding whoever set the fire that killed Mary, they’d have stayed in Lawrence. And Dean would have grown up in a regular school doing regular teenage things. Cas is about to say something when Dean’s phone rings. It’s sitting on the table, facing up, and the screen is flashing “Mr. Crowley”
Cas crouched down and wiped the wet hair from her face. “Nothing’s wrong, sweetheart. Your daddy’s coming home.” he said. There were audible gasps and murmurs coming from the party guests but all that mattered was the grin on Mary’s face.
“Shut up,” Dean repeats, taking Cas’s chin and tugging on it so that Cas moves his lips to Dean’s once more.
“So, since I don’t know when we’ll be getting your new address to send a proper invitation, I should probably formally invite the two of you to the wedding.” Sam begins nervously. “It’s in September. We’re getting married on a beach not too far from LA, actually. It’s a small beach town where Sarah’s dads got married.”
So about 30 minutes pass by and the entire family is going insane. There are no friends, only enemies. Sam and Jess have turned against each other, Ellen has destroyed the kids’ snow fort with a menacing grin on her face all the while, and Charlie has had to carry Jo, her pregnant wife, back to the porch multiple times thanks to how desperate the blonde is to fight.
Dean doesn’t say anything, just pulls Cas into a tight hug as soon as he’s in arm’s reach. Cas hugs back immediately, tightly holding on to his boyfriend.
“Oh, I’m sure we wouldn’t be wasting our money. What do you do, Cas?” Sarah swiftly deflects Dean’s negativity.
“Let me take you out on a date?” Dean nervously glances at Cas’s face to see his eyes wide and immediately regrets saying anything. “Unless I’m totally misreading everything, in which case you really have already done more than enough--”
Sam was suddenly standing in front of Cas at the kitchen sink, forehead wrinkled in concern. “Cas?” He said, gripping Cas’s shoulders tightly. “Cas, talk to me, man.”
Some people laugh, and when Sam glances back at Dean, they both do their best to act like they’re not crying. Cas doesn’t hold back though.
“Well I’m planning on teaching art, probably to high schoolers, so a little bit of both. I know a lot about famous art, though, because my dad’s an art dealer.”
They carry on with conversation for a while longer before Dean drifts off again and Cas turns back to his book. Emma has ceased coloring and is laying her head on her dad’s shoulder, thumb in her mouth and eyes closed. Cas is genuinely impressed with her behavior.
“Dean, listen to me: You and Cas love each other, alright? There’s nothing you could do that would make him forget that. You’re getting married, Dean. To your best friend. The love of your life. So stop worrying, alright?”
“Well, it’s just… I’m dealing with it, you know? I mean, I’m upset, but I’m handling it. I’m talking to you, I’m open about my feelings for the most part, but Dean has never been that way. He’s always been so guarded and felt the need to defend dad.” Sam pauses and shakes his head. “Their relationship was more like a drill-sergeant/soldier king of thing…”
“We’ll just start with water, we’re waiting for people.” The perky waitress nods with a smile and leaves
Cas pulls up in a rental pickup truck that makes Dean cringe as he’s being bitten by the hundredth mosquito of the night.
“Nice to meet you, Cas. I’m Sam, and this is Sarah, my fiancee.” Cas greets Sarah politely in response.
There’s a man next to him, roughly Dean’s height with a strong build and tan skin. The other man, Sam forgets the name Dean told him yesterday, has dark, messy hair and bright eyes.
“Oh. Well… thanks.” He tries not to show how grateful he is. Hospital bills are expensive and Dean’s a freelance mechanic with no health insurance.
Sam sits between Jack and Charlie while they eat. Across from him is Gabe, who tries to play footsie all throughout dinner. These people are loud and most of them drink a lot and make crass jokes, but Sam finds himself laughing harder than he has in a long time because of them. They treat him like he’s supposed to be there, and he’s starting to think maybe he is.
So imagine Cas’s irritability when he finds he’s seated next to a man and his young child. All he wants is to relax, as it’s 6 o’clock in the evening after a grueling day, and a crying kid on the flight will prevent him from that.
Dean looks at him like he’s grown two heads. “Jesus, Sammy, if you’re this awkward asking me to be your best man, I can’t imagine how you were when you proposed.” Dean rolls his eyes but smiles. “Of course, I’ll be your best man. No need for you to be nervous about it, man.”
“You ran out in front of me and I didn’t see you,” Cas answers. It’s then that Dean remembers how late he is to work because he was, in fact, drinking last night. He was running through town, trying to get to the garage before Bobby noticed he hadn’t checked in. But hey, getting hit by a hot doctor’s car is as good an excuse as any to taking a sick day.
“John Winchester left no will, therefor you two, as his next of kin, are to decide how the funeral process will be handled.”
The three of them begin aiming for their enemies but soon enough, they reach a patch of dead grass and there's no more spare snow. They need a plan.
However, when Cas sits down and waits for the flight to take off, he soon realizes that the child isn’t going to be the one cause the problem. No, instead, it’s going to be the grown man sitting by the window. The child, Cas now realizes, is a roughly two-year-old girl, and she’s trying to calm down her dad who happens to be flipping out.
The other man frowns and helps Dean sit up, the small of his back leaning against the curb. The guy is in light-blue scrubs and as Dean looks past him, he sees multiple other concerned-looking people staring at him.
“Nice to see you again, Cas.” Jo says, calmer than before. She hasn’t known Cas as long as she’s known Dean. “I was wondering if I’d be seeing you before the funeral, you know. Mom said not to get my hopes up, that you’re probably not in the best place right now, but I knew that you couldn’t pass up a chance to see me.”
“I’m here, Dean.” Cas said. He looked into his husband’s eyes--directly into the emerald irises he hadn’t seen in so long, and kissed him. Dean’s lips tasted just as he’d remembered. They kissed for a while, neither wanting to let go of the other. When their breathing got heavier and they had to part, they rested their foreheads on each other.
Dean turns back around. “Uh, that was my friend, well, roommate… And friend…” He says, coughing to cover up his rambling. “He’s going to be here tomorrow so I don’t know if I’d be able to get lunch…”
But he thinks of Dean now, in the kitchen where Castiel left him, fleeing like a coward at Dean’s outburst, on his hands and knees cleaning up the mess he’d made. It takes Cas barely a moment to decide to help him, and as easy as breathing, he’s in the kitchen again by Dean’s side.
Once, he pulled up the roadhouse, got out of the car – Sam, for some reason, was not with him (when had he left?) – and thought he saw Cas. When he asked Bobby – eternally sitting on the porch with some El Sol – he got a blank look in return.
hope you enjoyed this one! and no i havent forgotten about dean's ghost story, keep reading to find out what happens next, et cetera.
They were working the case, and they were winning, but Dean remembers the shooting pain in his back, the faintness, the fog in his eyes.
Cas’ eyes light up, at this, and he almost smiles. “He told me enough times. I’d forgotten about it, I – I don’t know why. But when you mentioned him, I remembered.”
i've used google earth for all place-based things, except when i've used google maps to get drive times.
“Sam what does cas like to eat?” he writes, and then looks at the fridge while he waits for an answer.
He stared at it for a few moments, before typing rapidly and incomprehensibly, slapping code into some program. After he had finished, he frowned at it for a few moments, and then shrugged and turned the screen to face Dean.
Thought it would go away when I took Sam up again, but here I am, still, kinda hollow somehow. This sucks. This really sucks.
Got Sammy. Had to break into his flat, and he took some convincing. Got an interview or something on Monday, so I’ve only got him a few days. His girlfriend’s hot as hell.
Frowning a little, Cas says, “Dean.” Then, his eyes flick down, for a second, before coming back up to meet Dean’s. “Stay.”
At the bridge, we saw the woman, Sam and I had an argument, and the car got sort of haunted. We had to jump the bridge to get out of the way. At least, that’s what I thought we were doing. Sam just sorta…hung over the side, but I jumped straight into the river like an idiot. Still got mud in my hair now.
When he looks up, Cas seems like he’s about to cry. But, with a tight, odd, voice, all he says is, “It wasn’t real, Dean. Hermes made you feel like that, it wasn’t real.”
It takes Dean several minutes to raise his head from his folded arms, pull himself to his feet, and clean up the mess. On his knees, mopping the floor with one of Sam’s old dishcloths, he lets his fury at Castiel encompass him, scrubbing furiously at the places where the milk was starting to seep into the tile. Cas has barely looked at him since his return from the Empty, barely even thanked Dean for rescuing him in the first place – and yes, while Cas was probably having some sort of people skills issue, Dean thought they were (for the most part) past this kind of difficulty, had been for years.
Before long I’d found out where I wanted to be. I fell in with this couple dancing, two guys in their twenties, and we danced for a while. It was hot, in the club, and loud – my ears are still ringing now. I’m waiting for them to get back to normal before I drive back to Allamuchy so I can hear Baby’s engine.
“Uh-huh.” Dean nods. The man’s – Cas’ – voice is nice. With great concentration, he files these facts away: 1, this is Cas. 2, he’s my best friend. 3, I keep forgetting things. 4, Rowena will fix it. That was simple to understand; this was good.
It had to be Hermes. For what reason, Dean couldn’t divine, but it made sense. He was a Trickster god, and was always depicted with wings; whether on his boots, or his helmet, or on his shoulders like an angel’s, they were always there. It would explain the ones Dean had found, and the reason they were always small, weak-looking ones. He’d assumed – when he thought they were Cas’ – that they were from the tips or insides of his wings, but Hermes didn’t need the power of an angel. It made sense for his to be smaller.
“No, Cas, save it. Okay? I’m- yeah, goodnight, Cas,” he says, and slams the door. Suddenly exhausted, he leans his head against it, listening through the wood. After a few moments, he hears Cas’ footsteps retreat down the corridor.
Cas turns, and looks to the clock on the wall. “Two hours, I think. I wasn’t paying attention to when you started.”
Now, as he sits slumped on the edge of his sprung mattress, his elbows resting on his knees, his hands hanging limply before him, he feels old; he feels tired. Being around Dean, these days, makes him feel like this. If he thought it would do any good, he would pray. To Jack, to another angel, to anyone, really, who he thought might be able to undo what he had done. Telling Dean- confessing to Dean, had felt in the moment heroic (or at any rate, dramatic, which – as Cas reminds himself – is often the same thing). However, now he was forced to face the consequences of this reckless act, he regretted it immensely.
hi! sorry about the delay on this one - it was a hard chapter to write. hopefully the next one will be posted sooner. i've had to split this chapter in half, so this is now a nine chapter work rather than eight.
Sam’s out today. We’ve stopped in Algona, Iowa (43˚N, 94˚W) for a day or two. We’ve been driving all over.
Turned out his cabin was built on land that had been the site of a school that burnt down in 1900 or something, and a few kids were killed in the fire.
It’s quieter, it soothes him a little, but not much. He feels now that under his anger there is sadness. He’s been sad before, distraught – every few hours he sees before his eyes Cas’ tearful face; black fluid enveloping him; the portal on the wall swallowing him up – but this is different. Before, he missed Cas in the resigned, comfortable way that you miss someone who’s gone. Now, however, he misses Cas desperately, achingly; he’s right in front of him and Dean could – though he won’t – reach out and touch him.
Dean looked at Cas; his eyes were so kind. “Are you sure you’re my best friend? I don’t know anything else about you but I feel like, if you were my best friend, I’d be happy.”
Damn. I’m starting to feel kinda hopeless. We’ve been here a few days now, and no-one’s even heard of John Winchester, let alone seen him. I’m thinking of clearing out, only Sammy say’s there’s one more place he hasn’t tried looking, so he wants to check it. No clue where, though, because we’ve gone by the cops and the rangers, and the hospital, and every bar in town. Tomorrow, Sam’s gonna check there, and if he doesn’t find anything, we’re hitting the road. However I feel about it, we’re not giving up.
He’s wearing one of Dean’s shirts; it’s tight around his chest and arms. He has a hand in his hair, combing it as he reads. Dean pauses for a moment.
And Dean rolls his eyes, and sighs, and makes a drama out of standing up, but he goes. Cas hears his footsteps echo down the corridor, then a gentle knock on a door. Then, Dean’s voice, quiet and kind, and Jack’s – slurred and thick, with waking – before Dean’s footsteps come back to him.
In a voice that seems almost hurt, he says, “Dean, I’m sorry. Of course you can go if you like, I didn’t realise this would upset you.”
He found himself driving again, but the world blurred past and his hands shook at the wheel. He found himself turning into the woods again, driving down the path again, finding the glade again. Once again, he got out of the car, walked to the stump, knelt before it. He felt compelled to; he couldn’t explain why. He heard a small pop, a weak groan; he turned.
Sam continues, “Bobby, yeah, and…Charlie, I guess, Eileen. Jack? But they’re not our friends, really, just – people we let down. Cas was never our friend. He was a dick. Besides, we knew him for, what, a month? What’s gotten into you, man?”
“It didn’t seem that important once I wasn’t any more, and – well, I was kinda busy saving your ass.”
It’s been quiet. We got a motel room, until we worked out what we were doing next, and Sam’s slept most of the time. He got drunk, last night, but I didn’t let him today.
Deans desperately looks him over, pulling at his jackets and flannels, looking for any sign of blood. He lets out a breath he didn’t know he was holding when he doesn't see any serious injuries.
Cas steps away and for a moment Dean thinks that he’s going to leave anyway, but he doesn’t. Instead he pulls Jack from Dean’s arms, leans him over his shoulder and starts to burp him, pacing around the kitchen as he goes. He’s going to get puke on his shoulder and back, but Dean lets him, leaning on the counter heavily.
He tries not to drink. His dad had been a mean drunk and the thought of anything happening to Jack while he wasn't at full capacity scared Dean more than anything else, his heart clenching with just the thought.
So Dean lets Jack stay curled up on his shoulder, because even though it isn't right, it’s better than nothing. Better than the cold of knowing that the only thing left of Cas is apparently the handprint on his arm and a piece of grace wedged in close to his soul. It's better than the ache that has made a home in his shoulder since Sam lit the pyre.
Cas had told him bits and pieces of his time in the empty. It was a horrible mocking thing. It liked peace and quiet and would do anything to keep it that way. It didn't like Cas personally because he had made it ‘loud’.
Dean opens his mouth before shutting it again, for once in his life at a loss for words. It's easy for Dean to say that Claire looks like Cas because, technically, they were related, but now that Cas pointed it out, he couldn't help but look for himself in her too.
“Yeah tummy time,” Dean starts to lead Cas back to the library, Jack over his shoulder, no doubt peering curiously at Cas as they walk. The kid's gaze is downright eerie sometimes. “It helps with his shoulder and neck strength, plus it gives him room to spread his wings if he wants to.”
Cas’s hand finally lines up perfectly, fingers slotting with the raised scars, palm so warm against the ball of his shoulder.
He turns and leans against the counter and runs his hand along his arm until he can feel the ridges of a scar.
So it’s finally finished. Sorry it took so long! I’m not entirely happy with it so I’ll probably rewrite some part of this in the future. Also tag change cause Cas is no longer dead.
Dean lets his fingers run through feathers that aren't there, downy puffs that fill him with warmth. He lets the brush of feathers and the sharp tingle of something altogether inhuman ground him. It's a flush of energy that burns at the same time that it soothes.
“Leave me alone.” Cas’s voice is beautiful. It falls onto Dean’s ears like a blessing, a reprieve from the horrible ringing in his ears. “You're not real.” Fear and anger mix in Dean’s gut and he wants to throttle something.
“To an extent, yes.” Cas sounds slightly exasperated watching Dean’s movements as he systematically cleans the baby. “He did share his grace with me at some point, I guess it formed an imprint of sorts.” He tilts his head curiously. “Not much is known of the Nephilim.” He finishes, as if it explained everything.
Dean gets off the bed, pulling on the dead guy robe. He walks back over to the bed and sits near the foot, close enough that he could mess with Jack as Cas tried to dress him. At the very least, Jack was easy in the mornings. It wasn't like what Dean remembered of Sam as a baby. Far too loud and always squirming away and crying when either John or Dean tried to dress him.
Cas…. Blue eyes and dark hair, a hand on his shoulder, filling him with an indescribable warmth, a deep baritone that he wanted to press closer to. He can’t remember who Cas is (he can’t even remember who
He doesn’t know his own name, can’t tell if he ever had one, but he remembers blue eyes, and iridescent wings and a feeling he can’t name either. But it settles in his chest and flows through the scar on his shoulder and he feels himself settle.
The first thing he sees is a mop of hair. It sticks up in tufts but other parts are slicked to its head with blood and other stuff that Dean really doesn't want to think about. It’s face is squished and red like any newborn and it has a tiny button nose.
“I'm fine.” Cas keeps looking between Jack and Dean as he wanderers around the kitchen. “It's not like he's that heavy.”
Dean is more than annoyed when they pull into the motel, Sam guiding him off the freeway. Just like every other moment the car slows to a stop, Jack quickly starts crying louder and Dean’s frustration grows. Dean is forced to wait outside the clerk office, rocking the newborn’s carrier back and forth in an effort to calm him. The clerk makes a face at him through the glass.
“It’s not okay.” Dean states, running a hand through Jack's hair. He ignores Sam sputtering behind him and walks to his room.
It doesn't help that Jack is upset in his arms, his hands waving as he screams into Dean’s ear. It doesn't matter that Dean is trying to calm him down, his emotions are skewed enough that Jack continues to let out uncomfortable wails.
Part of Dean worries that he’ll lose the closeness he has with Jack, that splitting the work with Cas will somehow entirely remove him from the equation. He has to take a calming breath, remind himself that it’s a ridiculous thought to have.
His own mind screams at him, a voice sounding far too much like his father mocking him for his weakness. Giving in so easily, letting something like sentiment guide his decisions.
Cas loves him and Dean loves Cas back just the same but he won't admit it because he's scared. And that is so entirely selfish that Dean wants to punch himself.
There was no outward sign, his eyes and supersonic scream excluded, that he was anything but a normal baby boy.
Dean shifts into singing quietly, bouncing slightly from side to side, before placing Jack in the middle of the bed.
The closer they crawled to the cage, the colder it got, their breath puffing out clouds into the air around them. The boom of Lucifer's voice was ear piercing, the light of Cas’s grace so bright that at times Dean couldn’t see past him.
The thing is: He could go. It might even be good for him to get away, have nothing to focus on but a hunt. This thing had to be a ghost or a shapeshifter or even a ghoul. None of those take that long, especially when they choose such a high profile look. But even thinking about leaving Jack and Cas behind after just getting everyone together made his brain heave to a stop, something like static filling up empty air.
He was torn. He didn't want Sam going out there on his own; he had already lost so much and he couldn't keep him safe from 100 miles away. But at the same time they couldn't exactly bring a baby with them on the case, especially not with something as dangerous as a wraith.
Laughter ripples through the group, even Cas letting out a sharp exhale through his nose. Closer than most people ever got to getting him to actually laugh.
“Dean, you haven’t even admitted to yourself that Cas is gone.” Sam’s voice is quiet, as if he could soften the blow of the words, but it still steals his breath.
Cas wasn't his significant other, wasn't his boyfriend or husband, wasn't anything but a friend. But part of Dean is shattering, because he wants that so bad it's like a physical ache.
I’ve been trying to post everyday but for some reason chapter 5 has been really hard for me to write. It should still be out in the next couple days.
Dean leads the way to the bathrooms, picking the one just around the corner from his room. Cas watches him curiously as he pulls out the little whale tub and places it on the counter closest to the showers.
During the confession, Dean had refused to open his eyes, not wanting to see Cas’s face fall, but now he opens them. He takes in the angry curve to Cas’s mouth, the pinched look in his brow. His nostrils are flared, eyes blazing. Cas always looked good when he was angry, even when he was angry with Dean.
“Let me take Jack for a while.” Dean whips his head to the side, his eyes narrowed, but Sam is just staring at him with a firm look. “I can take care of him for a day or two, you can get away for awhile, maybe visit that bar.”
There was something overwhelming about having those eyes trained on you. The otherworldliness of them striking Dean at odd times, becoming the only thing that he could think about when they catch his own. They have an intensity right now that Dean can't focus on. He can't think too much, can't analyze or he may just go crazy.
“God may be an absent father. But you, Dean, have always been a better person than him, more worthy of praise,” Cas swallows harshly, as if debating his next words. “Of worship.”
I just started school again, so I’m doing a weekly updating schedule that'll hopefully give me enough time to finish the last two chapters!
His stomach growls and he latches onto that, sweeping in to pick up Jack who has been looking at them, eyes glowing their normal gold. Dean somehow feels like he’s judging him. It seems like a ridiculous thought. He was two months old, he couldn't even burp on his own.
“Do it.” Dean Winchester doesn’t beg, but this is close enough. It holds the same weight. Begging, praying, it’s all the same and right now Dean prays. He prays to the only person he has ever known to answer, that Sam will do it. “It’s all you.”
He could leave, but he doesn't want to. He doesn't want to constantly be coming and going, throwing the responsibility of Jack onto Cas and Sam and anyone in the vicinity. Jack was
He finds himself at Cas’s side, watching an old western, their thighs pressed together from hip to knee. There’s laughter floating in from some other part of the bunker but Dean’s world has narrowed down to the warmth pressed into his side.
When he finally turns back, Cas is right behind him. He looks almost frumpy in the old band tee and faded sweats, his hair sticking up wildly.
without fucking things up. Without starting a fight. They haven't even talked about what they were and they were already at each other's throats. Was this how it was always going to be? A cycle of losing each other and mourning and returning to more fights and arguments?
It's all as simple as breathing to them, to exist in the same space, to work as one part of a whole unit. They part ways, they come back together, never skipping a beat in a conversation. It makes Dean’s heart pound because: How long has it been this way? How long has he essentially been married to Cas without even noticing?
But the way she held herself, that was all Dean. The set of her shoulder, as if she would take on the world to protect what little was hers, the quick smirk, the haunted eyes. It painted a picture that Dean didn't want to see. Held a mirror to all the ways that they had messed up her life.
He thinks she’s doing great, for never having held a baby before. Better than Sam had been, for sure. He had been terrified, his hands dwarfing Jack’s tiny body especially in the early days. She’s slowly relaxing into it, swaying softly from side to side as Jack coos and babbles, his tiny hands twisting into the leather.
Cas is capable of taking care of a baby, Dean knew this. Not only had he been alive for millions of years, but he had taken care of a baby before, read all those parenting books, and prepared himself for a life of raising Jack alone.
. He slept with anyone he could, girls, guys, it didn't matter. The shame that had settled in Dean’s chest when looked at men didn't exist anymore.
“Well yeah, I had enough practice with Sam.” Dean laughs when he finds his voice again. He knows that Cas is trying his best to be delicate, watching his words when he otherwise wouldn't. “Though let's hope we can keep him from turning out too much like Sam, I don't need another know-it-all running around.”
And none of it matters anyway as Cas slides his hand up farther, lines it up with the handprint, and all the fight goes out of Dean at once. All the warring feelings disappear, just for a moment, and Dean can breath.
He had fixed the room, of course. Painted it that pastel yellow, folded back up each and every tiny piece of clothing. The new dresser stares back at him every time he enters, like it's mocking him for giving in to his grief.
“I'll drive,” Dean states, his voice like gravel. Sam is still giving him that look, the one that means he wants to talk instead of let Dean deal with this himself. But another glare cuts off whatever words he was about to say.
. He’s scared of what he has to say, scared of how Dean will take it. Cas who walked into fights with a calm demeanor that would terrify enemies. Cas who met the forces of purgatory with nothing more than a glare. Cas who marched toward his own death more than once with nothing more than a shrug, as if to say
Friend. Friend was the wrong term, even best friend didn’t sit right. The feeling in Dean’s chest was heavier than that. He needed a more important word than just
about him. But, that care only goes so far when Dean doesn’t listen, when he would rather drink and fuck his way across the country. Crowley doesn't like playing second fiddle, especially to something Dean doesn't even understand.
take care of Jack. Barely let them hold him for more than a handful of minutes at a time. But too many of those cut too close to the core of it. They would expose things that Dean could never come back from.
He can't find it in himself to hate Jack. Even though Cas wasn't here because he wanted to protect the baby, it wasn't Jacks fault. Everytime Dean looks at him he sees what he's lost, the life he wants. But he also sees Cas himself in the baby. In his eyes, in some of his early mannerisms. Cas lives on through Jack.
It’s ingrained in his mind, written into his DNA, that he has to protect Sam, even at the cost of his own life.
“Tummy time?” Dean lets out a breath he didn't know he was holding and pushes off the couch, finally letting go of Cas’s wrist. Immediately his hand feels cold. He wants to grab him again, some possessive part of his brain never wants to let go, as if by holding Cas’s wrist he could somehow tether him here. Instead, he just watches as Cas gets up, smoothing down his trench coat. It was a relief to see him in it again.
It is strange, Dean knows that newborns don’t have great depth perception or focus. He shouldn’t even be able to
“You know what? Sounds about right for our life. Kid imprints like a baby duck, and he has the wings to match.” Dean laughs at his own joke, glancing up to meet Cas’s disapproving glare.
He thinks, maybe, if he gives into the violence, into the anger that battles with the pain in his chest, it’ll go away.
“She has a lot of experience with kids. I'd like to get some of her opinions on the books I’ve read so far.” Cas continues. It’s a testament to how much Jack's crying had affected him, that he doesn’t notice Dean's inner turmoil.
The anger leaves as quickly as it comes, the fight draining out of him. It leaves behind a hollow pit, and Dean teeters on the edge. He knows that if he falls he's not coming out. He had seen it in his dad, his mom, hell he had to drag Sam out of that pit kicking and screaming.
Jack was back to dozing comfortably in Cas’s arms where he couldn't get puke on another article of Dean’s clothing. Cas was still looking at the two hunched over the computer with that soft smile. Dean knocks his elbow into Cas’s gently, careful not to startle him while he was holding the baby.
Instead, Dean slots his hand against the handprint of a dead man and he feels the ache. He lets the emptiness wash over him and mourns.
Dean lets out a frustrated growl and debates just waking Jack up so he can leave anyway. His fingers are still trapped in his hands and Dean knows if he tries to pry them out Jack is going to wake up screaming.
Somewhere down the hall Dean hears Sam’s door slam shut with a certain finality and closes his eyes with a sigh.
“So,” Sam gets up to follow him as he paced back and forth along the table, bouncing Jack lightly. It is nap time.  “As long as you give me a schedule I should be fine. People do it all the time.” Dean turns to give him a raised eyebrow, gesturing wildly to the stitched wings on the baby’s back. Jack isn't a normal baby and normal baby rules don’t apply to him.
Dean delicately pulls the pajamas on, after socks and a diaper, and has to hold back another sob. It's definitely something Cas picked out, a soft blue with pale yellow and black bees buzzing around. He pauses, resting his head against his burned forearm, lets the pain ground him.
“Yeah. You want to hold him?” Dean asks and laughs as she takes yet another step back. Cas shuffles close enough to take Jack from him so that Dean could clean off his neck, peeling off his flannel for good measure. “I have to say it's better to wear layers in a case like this.”
Dean instinctively jerks away, turning until the handprint is pressed into the couch. Jack gives him another curious look, but let’s his hand fall back to his knee.
She calmed when he held her in his arms, small enough that his hand spanned the entire length of her back. She cried when he left, she appeared again as a toddler who cooed at him, as a teenager, who bartered the king of hell for his life. Dean was strangely protective over her, and her of him and it made no sense.
Even now, Cas looks at him like he knows what he’s thinking. He looks like he's going to try to make Dean talk about it. So, instead, Dean scrambles to his feet, his knees screaming at him in protest.
“Dean, I can stay in my room if you’d prefer.” Dean tries to ignore the disappointed tone, but warmth blooms in his chest all the same. Part of Dean wants to agree with him, send him away so he doesn't even get the chance to see Dean like that.
“My name is Dean Winchester.” Already, he can’t remember why he was given that name. He can’t remember what his hometown is. “Sam is my brother.” He’s tall, taller than Dean. They have each other through thick and thin. They’ve beaten apocalypses together. Dean can’t remember who’s older, by how much. “Mary Winchester is my mom.” Blonde hair and pale skin. A whip crack attitude. He can’t remember how old she is, why she isn’t here with them right now.
When Dean looks back, Cas is staring at him with open wonder, thumbs brushing the hinge of his jaw gently.
“Dean?” Cas’s voice does crack, and he finally pushes himself up, into Dean’s space. “Dean.” He repeats, sure of himself this time and promptly falls forward into Dean’s chest, buries his face into his neck, still not moving his hand from its place on Dean’s shoulder.
Sam explains his life story. The ins and outs of their terrifying life. He shows Dean pictures of their family. Mary Winchester with blonde hair and pale skin, more like a doll than a fighter.
“You feel familiar.” His voice is light, but carries the same monotone timbre. Dean feels almost thankful, he half expected it to be the same deep tone. It would be one more thing to taunt him. “Oh!” Jack reaches out slowly until his hand hovers above the handprint.
The hair, cute tufts of downy, medium brown hair sticks straight up from his head, longer than he remembers Sam or Bobby John’s being. But, once again it's the eyes that catch Dean of guard. Kelly’s eyes had been green, a similar shade to Dean’s own and although Jefferson Rooney may have had blue eyes, it's uncanny how familiar Jack‘s are.
“I'm glad that, even though I was gone, he had so many people to take care of him.” Dean’s heart stops at the first mention of Cas’s death. His entire mind grinds to a halt, echoing at him -
Kelly is already there; he lays Cas next to her. It hurts to know that this is it. There's no coming back, no second chances, not anymore.
Cas turns and looks at him, and then leans back on the counter, bracing himself with his hands. “Yes, Dean.”
I’ve bought Sam a notebook for Christmas. I know it’s not much, but it’s something – and people always said the best gifts were the ones you might actually use. Sammy writes like hell.
He remembers Sam holding him, trying to get him to stay. He remembers his hopelessness, the truth he can’t possibly speak now: that without Cas, he had no reason to remain on earth. He remembers waking up.
means from the beginning, because if you’re being initiated into something you’re starting off in it. Then I have no clue about
“Dean, you don’t have to talk about this if you don’t want to.” Cas’ voice is so gentle, Dean almost gets mad at him again.
Suddenly, he finds himself filled with rage. His head pounds; he becomes restless, tense. He storms down the corridor, into his own room, and flings his duffel onto the bed. From his wardrobe, he pulls shirts and jeans at random, throwing them in the direction of the bag. He goes to his desk draw, takes a swig of the whiskey he keeps there. He won’t drink tonight, he has to drive, but he can allow himself a little. Next, he takes his jacket down from behind the door, checks the pockets. The little blades he usually kept on his person have been scattered throughout his room over the last few weeks, as he’s had less and less use of them. Now, he gathers them together, taking one from his desk; one stuffed between his mattress and bedframe; one in the sole of an old shoe; another just on the floor. He carefully places them in the right pockets, and the gaps in the lining, for the best concealment and easiest access. Taking the right credit card and phone, he pulls the duffel over his shoulder and opens his door.
The young man chucked, his face breaking into a wide, mobile, smile. “Oh, Dean. You’re denser than reported. Shame. He’s pretty, your angel.”
It sucks, the way I remember it – that night – Jesus, 22 years to the day. I barely know what happened, but I remember holding Sammy, and the house. But…from an angle, like I saw it in a photograph, and kinda blurry. Makes my heart race, though, thinking about it. While I was driving along just now I couldn’t concentrate on the road at all, my face felt cold and I couldn’t focus my eyes or keep my hands still. That’s why I stopped, mostly. I keep seeing it, this photo of the corner of the house, covered in flames, licked up by them. Fuck. I’m not gonna drink, I won’t not with Sammy how he is. But God, do I want to.
The moment the door closed, Cas slumped against it, as it trying to barricade himself inside. He was exhausted, drained in every way. More so than when he’d walked off with a backpack and no direction months ago. At least then he was heartbroken but not powerless. He made decisions about where he wanted to go and he went. Now…. Well, there was no sense dwelling on what he couldn’t change. He squared his shoulders, moved away from the door and finally lifted his eyes.
“I don’t know if I ever thanked you properly for that. I don’t know if I could have gotten through it without you, man.”
His mind went blank for a moment. What had he been saying? He couldn’t think with Cas standing there all flushed and waiting for him.
“It does seem relevant to me, as well, Sam. But maybe that’s a debate for the bi and pan to work out for themselves. I’m gay myself, so I don’t really feel like my opinion is relevant.”
Should he walk out? Was it safe? He hesitated a moment too long and the door opened from the other side.
was getting impatient. But I needed to know, urgently, as if it could all apply to me some day, and I needed to be prepared. It felt oddly like getting field intel just before leading the hordes into battle. Every detail could be critical. I thought then that it was all about cracking the case. But looking back now I think that was the first hint I had that things were about to change.”
They spend the rest of the day watching the episodes in order. The last one ends with the older brother selling his soul for his younger brother and Sam wants desperately to talk to Dean and ask if he’s planning to make any more and if so, what happens next because what a shitty thing to do, leaving the audience hanging like that.
“Keep your lips for that angel of yours. I’ve got meetings to set up, plans to make, so enjoy your little vacation squirrel.” The other line goes dead before Dean can remind Crowley that he’s not on vacation, he’s here for his father’s funeral, but he doesn’t care.
“Okay, okay.” Dean says nervously. He picks up the phone and slides his finger across the screen to answer it. “Hello?” He gets up and walks outside, not wanting the chatter from the other customers to be too loud and block out what Crowley says.
It takes them longer to shower than it should, but when they’re done, they get out and get dressed quickly. It’s warm outside so they dress accordingly: Dean in only one layer of flannel and Cas ditches the trench coat. Dean opens the passenger door to the Impala for Cas and then walks to the other side to get in himself.
Sam finally drops his defensive stance and tucks his gun into the back of his pants. His fae is suddenly the of the hopeful little kid Dean once knew. “What?”
He cried, and pounded his fists on the ground, he yelled at the ceiling and curled into a ball. Dean Winchester. Dammit, Dean Winchester.
They finish cleaning in silence. Dean pauses at the sink for a moment. “Okay, I think everyone’s stopped crying, now. You wanna meet them?”
“It’s not weird” Cas immediately comes to Dean’s defense. “They’re really popular, especially in our area up in New York. He’s won multiple high-end contests with them”. Cas looks more annoyed than anything that he had to say that, and Sam gets the feeling that Dean still has a habit of being horribly self-deprecating.
“That was all Sammy,” Dean says proudly, somehow finding the will in himself to speak. Cas looks at him when he does and his face is soft, maybe even sad, like he too is remembering what he said before the Empty took him away. “S’why you’re human. He figured, you know, if he destroyed your Grace, the Empty wouldn’t want you.”
“Daddy’s coming home!” She screamed, running and jumping back into the pool with a huge smile on her face.
“The persuasion will come in the morning, I’m tired now.” Dean chuckles, tilting his head to kiss Cas’s temple.
“You’re so good looking, you could play Doctor Sexy,” Dean slurs. The other man chuckles but keeps his eyes on the road as he turns a corner.
Sam sees Dean first. His brother’s back is to the door, so Sam sees the face of the lawyer who is facing him. They’re sitting at a table, talking about something regarding the gas prices as Sam and Sarah approach.
Dean wants nothing more than to hear Cas’ voice, to look him in the eyes, once more. But Cas is human. The last time that had happened, it had taken much out of him. The least they can do is let him recuperate in the way humans are meant to. “No, let’s let him sleep.”
Dean and Grace are, undeniably, winning the game. Of course, that doesn’t mean he isn’t freezing his ass of. His wrists are beginning to burn within the small area between where the gloves end and the jacket starts that leaves his skin bare. His face is drying out and he wishes he hadn’t passed the opportunity to get some proper snow gear like Grace or the other kids.
Cas was sobbing by the time he shook the hands of the two men and led them to the door. He was hiccuping and wiping tears as he walked out of the house and to the party. Everyone was waiting silently, watching the door in anticipation. All of Lawrence knew about Dean. They all wanted to know what was going on.
Dean sighs, not really sure what the answer is. “I don’t know. I mean, I want him to know… but I don’t know how he’s going to take it. In New York, I was never really in the closet in the first place. I mean--”
They wait for what feels like centuries when finally, finally, Dean hears his name muttered quietly and almost incoherent from where Cas is lying on the bed. He spins around so quickly he could have fallen if he weren’t so set on seeing Cas.
But Dean’s blush is back and he looks almost bashful now. “I make short-films. Kind of horror-type things… It’s kind of weird.”
It had only seemed right to have Sam be Dean’s best man in his and Cas’s wedding. Who else would he have chosen?
Dean is wearing pajamas as well, and his hair is sticking in every direction. He leans against the doorframe and crosses his arms over his chest. “I take it you got the postcard,” he says.
“We have another on the way.” Sam raises his eyebrows, pleading with Dean to elaborate without him having to outright ask. Dean gets a faint smile on his face. He probably doesn’t even know he’s doing it. “We found a surrogate. She’s pregnant. The baby should be here in January.”
Sam meets Dean’s eyes and is instantly walking toward the door. “You’re probably starving,” he says to Cas. “I’ll go see if we have anything in the kitchen for soup. It’s probably too soon for you to have anything more than that without getting sick.” He doesn’t wait for a response before he’s out the door, Miracle trotting alongside him.
“Dean,” he begins, taking Sarah's violent hint, “Would you want to have lunch with Sarah and me tomorrow? No funeral talk, just catching up?”
Sam fixes him with a look, one he knows Dean can identify, but Dean just turns away. “You know what.” Dean doesn’t move and Sam sighs. “Listen. I know you’re scared. I know you’re afraid that if you get your hopes up and lose this high you’ve been on, that it’ll hurt even more this time around. But Cas deserves more than what he has right now. And I think we need to give it to him.”
The rest of the fighting ceases and Dean has to hold his breath as the man approaches the battleground. Dean slowly backs away from the other man’s glare until he’s standing behind his daughter, who will hopefully understand the unspoken command and stand guard for her fellow soldier.
The two had gotten to the airport an hour early. Cas had plenty of time to contemplate everything he wants to do once he gets Dean back in his arms.
Did he pass out? Shit, Sam is always getting on his case about his bad eating habits, maybe the last bacon-cheeseburger he ate was one too many. Apparently, you’re never too young to go into cardiac arrest.
When he finally falls asleep, it’s to the faint sound of Dean yelling at his husband for snoring in their bedroom upstairs.
Sam pulls out the duffel bag he’d thrown into the trunk and digs around inside. Dean, who is still staring at the tree, clears his throat. “So what, you wanted to take a trip down memory lane? Now?”
Once they’re inside, the sudden smell of hospital makes Dean want to throw up again. He’s just about to throw up on Cas when he takes a deep breath and luckily keeps whatever food is left in his stomach where it belongs.
“No, but there are some ingredients still in the grocery bags in the car that will help us bake a pie. I figured Ellen might be able to give us some guidance since when we try on our own the pies never turn out well.”
“How about we make some hot chocolate for everyone to have when they come in?” Cas offers as the two of them begin to dispose of their wet boots and coats.
“That’s not what this is,” Sam says, thumbing through the pages of the book. He’d found it in the bunker on one of the many nights Dean had passed out with a beer in one hand and his bloody jacket in the other. Sam isn’t supposed to know about that. He isn’t supposed to know that Dean is miserable.
Cas stands up quickly, almost tripping when he turns and sees Dean standing next to the couch. With a sheepish smile, Dean walks closer to Cas until he’s right in front of him. He gets down on one knee and pulls out a ring, a simple but elegant silver band, and grabs Cas’s hand.
Sam tries to read Dean’s face. It isn’t blank, there’s something there in the way his lips are pursed and eyebrows furrowed, but Sam can’t figure it out. It’s a testament to how long they’ve been apart.
Dean chuckles. “Crazy families are something I know a lot about, man. That’s why this year, it was just the two of us and my brother’s family.”
Grace doesn’t answer, just moves into the line of fire and sacrifices herself to gather supplies. She begins making snowballs left and right, throwing them and her aunts and uncles and cousins alike.
“It’s good to be happy, Sammy.” Dean lifts his head from the brick wall he was leaning against and smiles softly and Sam thinks it’s a good look on him.
Charlie’s jaw dropped, Sam covered his mouth with his hand, someone dropped a particularly large present as they were moving to put it on the table of gifts. At first, Cas didn’t know what everyone was looking at. They were all looking past him, staring in awe.
The flight attendant comes by then, asking if they want anything. While Cas settles with some water, Dean asks for some whiskey for himself. He winks at her and she blushes before handing over the scotch and pushing her cart forward. Yeah, definitely straight. And hopefully he’s not married, though Cas isn’t going to judge--flirting with a flight attendant isn’t the worst crime.
“Dean’s alive. He’s coming home, Sam.” Cas said, tears welling up in his eyes again. People began to cheer and Sam fell to the ground. Charlie ran up to Cas and hugged him, and he squeezed her so tight she complained.
Dean’s head clears up a little bit as they wait for someone else to come into the room. He’s able to breathe deeply and think about what’s happening. And he’s able to look at Cas again. The dude is seriously easy on the eyes.
“No, it’s uh-- well, I am gay, I was just curious why you didn’t deny it.” Cas surprises himself. He just randomly came out to a stranger on an airplane. Huh.
“Did you not catch that?” Sam asks. Dean’s blank look is enough of an answer. “Our entire lives and I’ve never seen you turn away from any breathing woman who was flirting.” In a single instant, Sam sees a blush grow on his brother’s face and disappear.
“I’m so glad you hit me with your car,” Dean jokes and Cas rolls his eyes. Before he leaves, the two exchange numbers and Dean successfully convinces Cas to visit him the next day when he gets off work, because he is, after all, the reason Dean has a concussion in the first place. Even if Dean just wants an excuse to see him again.
When Cas finally steps into the airport, he moves out of the way from where everyone is moving to check his phone. He has multiple texts from Gabriel where he’s ranting about the family and cursing Castiel for leaving a day earlier than him. He also has a text from his mother, who tells him that he forgot a few items of clothing and that she’ll ship them to him through mail.
The soldiers are silent, waiting to figure out what to do next. Dean scans the rest of the yard; Charlie lays on the snowy ground, wounded. Jess is holding her daughter on her shoulders, Mary’s arm raised in preparation for an attack. Jo sits on the porch, eyes wide an eager. Big Bobby(they have to specify now that there’s a baby Bobby too) is next to her, Dean’s toddler son Jack in his lap.
“Do you need any refills?” Cas looks up to see a different flight attendant than before paused next to his seat.
“I don’t know, it’s easier to explain than telling her how a total stranger is helping my daughter learn how to use crayons,” Dean smirks and Cas blushes. “Unless you don’t want her to think you’re gay or something, which is understandable--”
There’s Cas’s brother Gabe who winked when Sam introduced himself. There’s Donna and Jody who are accompanied by two younger girls, Claire and Alex. Cas’s British friend Balthazar comes holding two bottles of black-label Johnnie Walker. The last group of people to arrive consist of a guy named Garth with big ears and a frail body, his wife Bess, and a set of triplets that can’t be more than a year old.
“It’s just gotta be weird, right? I mean, asking my brother, who I haven’t spoken to in years, to be my best man?”
Dean’s grin only grows. “This is my brother Sammy. Sammy, this is Charlie,” he points to the woman with red hair, “and Dorothy, her girlfriend.”
“Clarence, what are you doing back?” a short woman with brown hair in purple scrubs asks, ignoring Dean.
He shakes his head and pulls Cas close again. Cas plants a kiss on Dean’s cheek. “Let’s get inside,” he whispers.
Cas grabs Dean’s chin and lifts his head up. “I know. I know you don’t. I know this is hard.” Their eyes meet and it takes all he has for Dean not to look away in shame. Cas smiles softly and runs his thumbs under eyes to wipe the tears. “Come on,” Cas says, and he leads Dean back to where everyone is gathered. The burial is over but people are standing around visiting each other and looking at other headstones.
Cas blinks a few times, looks from Sam to Dean to the empty wall on the other side of the room and takes a breath. “I remember you,” he says, nodding at Dean. “And Billy and—” he stops whatever he was planning on saying, but Dean knows. “I remember the Empty coming for me. Then all of a sudden I felt sick and tired and human. Then I woke up on the floor of the dungeon.” Every few words, Cas closes his eyes as if he’s willing himself not to fall asleep again. “I looked for you but you weren’t here. I thought—I figured it was God playing a cruel joke. And I was so exhausted, I could barely make it here.”
“I know.” Dean says. He kisses Cas’s neck and then turns them around so that they’re facing each other. “What do you want to do today?”
Sam is barely able to resist rolling his eyes. “Yeah, I know, but Dean, I think that means his body’s still—”
“How was the meeting with Sam?” Cas asks once they’ve settled into sleeping positions. Dean’s wearing just a pair of boxers and Cas is dressed in a pair of sweatpants that hang loosely on his hips. They both lay on their backs, Cas leaning his head on Dean’s shoulder.
Nobody is talking about how Dean wakes up from nightmares, still, terrified that John is going to come after him. He doesn’t have to worry about that anymore.
“Ah, Sam. Hello again,” Zach Warren says, standing up from the table. Sam, however, doesn’t pay any attention to him. Instead, his focus is on his brother’s stiffening shoulders. It’s then that Dean turns his head and Sam sees his face for the first time in years.
“That’s… that’s not all, actually. So my friends Kevin, Garth, and Andy are going to be the groomsmen but I didn’t want to… You can say no, obviously, but would you be my best man, Dean?”
“So how’s things?” Dean asks before he lifts up the menu and takes a look at it. He sets it down not long after, seeming to have already chosen what he wants.
“I don’t fucking know, I just-- What if this is a mistake? Or what if Cas realizes he’s making a mistake?”
Charlie nudged him. Slowly, Cas stepped forward, trying to convince his shaking knees to keep him upright.
Dean and Cas had opted for a much smaller wedding than Sarah and Sam. It’s a simple, outdoor ceremony with only their closest friends and family in the audience and Charlie officiating, as per Cas’s idea.
“How was I supposed to know she’d blog about it? Anyways, I just… Sam was raised differently than they were. You know, we were taught that this is wrong and if he’s anything like I was when I figured out I’m not straight… I guess I just don’t want to ruin--not that there’s anything les to ruin--”
He turned slowly. Cas felt himself pale as he took in the sight of two tall men in uniform, coming through the gate.
There’s a brief description and a few reviews but Sarah doesn’t stop to read them. Instead, she pays for the thing and clicks play.
Dean just laughs and pulls his boyfriend up and out of bed. “You know you’ll have to come with me, if I get the deal.” They walk to the window and look out at a busy street. Dean wraps his arms around Cas’s bare stomach, holding him from behind.
“You know, when I met Dean, he thought emotions were things to be ignored. Drowned in beer. He’s better, but he still struggles with sharing his feelings. But he’s thrilled you’re here. I can tell.” Cas isn’t looking at him, but Sam stops wiping the counter and watches him talk. “He’s been so nervous ever since he sent that postcard. He didn’t think you’d want to get in touch with him.”
“And he always got the worst of dad’s rage… when dad would come home, drunk and angry, it was almost always Dean with the black eye the next morning.”
Moments later, when Dean and Cas dance to Led Zeppelin’s “Thank You”, (because Cas wouldn’t let Dean choose a Zep song unless it was the sappiest of them all), neither of them look away from each other’s eyes. Dean may or may not shed a few tears, but he trusts that Cas won’t tell anyone. He trusts Cas with everything.
For a moment, Cas just stares at the screen, confused by what he’s reading. Then, when it finally clicks, he covers his mouth with his hand and stares in awe. Where the hell is Dean?
“I’ll go grab some sheets and pillows,” Dean says once they’ve made it back to the living room. He leaves and Sam starts working on removing the couch cushions.
When he was a kid, Sam hadn’t even considered the possibility that he might go so long without seeing his brother. Even when he was at Stanford, he figured that they’d been through so much together, there was no choice but to keep in touch. He figured Dean would put in an effort. But in the end, Sam stormed out and didn’t look back. And Dean didn’t fight him.
“Dean seems less guarded than the other day.” They’re sitting on the small couch in the hotel room drinking coffee. It’s not good coffee, but it could be worse, so they don’t complain.
“Hi, Dean.” Sam struggles, but he manages to get the words out. The brothers shake hands and stare at each other awkwardly before Sam realizes that there are other people around. “Dean, this is Sarah. My fiancée.”
“Wow, that’s very nice.” Dean says, taking the book in his own hands. “You ready to start a new page?” He turns to a new page in the book, this one has flowers, and puts it back in front of his daughter on his tray.
Sam raises the postcard that he’s still holding in his hand. “He, uh, he sent me this address. I assumed he lived here.”
“Jess,” Sam tells him. “Met her sophomore year.” They’d been talking about getting married. Sam was so ready to have kids and grow old with her. He was ready to commit his life to her after their first date.
He finally noticed what he was eating. He didn’t know what it was called, but it looked like a real homemade meal, with vegetables and everything. Seemed he’d already started.
“See, this is the kind of limited thinking that means you’ll never make Captain without my help.” He nipped at the corner of Castiel’s mouth, felt the widening of his smile tug at him. “You already ate tonight, sure. But you gotta eat again soon, right? I can cook you breakfast.”
He vaguely registered that Cas said something about getting a beer and gave them some privacy. Sam, eyes maybe a bit mistier than they usually were, sat up straighter.
Last chapter. I feel like their story isn't over yet, but there's a new Destiel story demanding to be told first that has nothing to do with this ABO universe. This series has at least one more story in it - called "Puppy Love", and I'll write it after the story demanding my attention now. Feel free to leave ideas or suggestions in the comments. And I hope you'll come back and read the next story very soon.
Cas dropped his phone into the seat well and turned to face the door, now open, with Dean standing in front of it, casually waiting for an answer.
“Not exactly. Who he is hasn’t changed. He just didn’t have all the information before. People find out new things about themselves all the time.”
The man mumbled something Cas couldn’t really understand but got up and grabbed his stuff. In another minute, they were in the loading dock, where 2 cruisers were waiting. The man balked at sight of the cruisers, but before he could make a break for it, Cas had him against the wall, his arm bent behind his back.
“The probation is over in a couple of weeks. Your documents had a different date on them. You altered the documents, or someone did, on your behalf. That’s tampering.”
“The people in the song are clearly friends, Dean. Maybe best friends. Doesn’t that rule out romance between them?” he’d asked.
Dean’s eyes drifted closed and the images returned. Cas circling. Cas lunging. Dean countering. But now Cas was breaking free. Turning around and pinning Dean to a wall. Intense blue, blue eyes getting closer. Sometimes pinning Dean to a wall facing Cas, wrists up next to his head. Sometimes pinning Dean against a wall facing the wall, Castiel’s body pressed into his back.
She took the laptop back to her dispatch desk. He wondered every day why she still worked dispatch. Or pretended to, anyway. She was too valuable to lose, so the deal was, she pretended to dispatch, and they all pretended not to notice she didn’t do much dispatching.
A scent that was both new and familiar drew Cas from his dream and into awareness. He kept his eyes closed, trying to place it. It was mostly Dean, that was the familiar part. He snuggled closer, his nose following the scent to nuzzle at Dean’s neck. Scenting Dean was like walking into your very own private library. Old books, bound in old leather, with maybe a hint of a wood fire in a fireplace. He could snuggle up with Dean and find all the wonders of the world right there. The wisdom of the ages was somewhere behind the green of his eyes. His freckles held the answers to mysteries that had baffled mankind for ages. Every moment with Dean was full of discovery and potential. It was cozy, and safe, and waiting to be explored. But now there was something new.
“A long time ago, this was one of many trees here. But erosion and weathering worked away at this area, and all the soil was removed. There was nothing but bare rock left. Nothing for a tree to hang on to and draw nourishment from. No room to grow. This tree, though.”
When they got out, Cas wrapped Dean in a fluffy towel. Dean’s warms were wrapped in the towel with him, and Castiel’s hands holding the towel closed between them created more space than had been between them in some time. Dean’s put out frown was so adorable Cas had to pause to drop a few sweet kisses on Dean’s lips. The kind that lasted forever and glowed with the tenacity of hot coals but held more warmth than heat.
“As hard as I fought to break free of Chuck’s influence, or Naomi’s conditioning, I’ve never fought harder than when I was fighting for you. I needed to find myself partly because I needed to know what I had to give you. I kept my secrets in Heaven because I didn’t want to lose myself. I kept my secrets here because I was afraid of losing you.”
“We’re going to be mostly a cover band, right?” and he waited for nods all around before he continued. “Well, there’s like a million cover bands. And I know we’re all here to have a good time, but that doesn’t mean we can’t do a bit better than just another boring cover. I came across this video where a band covered rap songs but like they were Broadway musicals. And I thought there’s an idea. We could cover like, old country songs, only make them sound like classic rock. Or hip hop, or whatever. Maybe a little bit of everything. Just take good songs from every genre and make a classic rock cover of them. What do you think?”
“I told you once that you just needed to trust your instinct to guide you. I trusted mine. I was so sure Eden wasn’t real. It wasn’t until I saw it that I understood that as much as you need to trust your instinct, I need to question mine. My instinct doesn’t know how to process someone like you. Someone who doesn’t think of themselves first, always. You – you told me it was your fault. It really wasn't. That you hadn’t made me feel safe. That’s true enough as far as it goes. But I don’t deserve that get out of jail free card. And I don’t want it.”
They shared a happy smile, filled with the pride Dean still couldn’t believe Cas could somehow share in.
He found the clinic where it always was, parked directly in front of the door and left the car running. When he walked in, he didn’t bother talking to anyone. He imagined Dean was in the room that passed for both an ER and an ICU. He knew exactly where that was. At least, he used to. Striding through the clinic purposefully, he found that he was being watched by a number of people. Mostly in shock.
They were standing by the Impala. Dean had just dropped Cas off after their date and now he had to do the very last thing he had ever wanted to do. He straightened Castiel’s perpetually messy hair for the last time. He could feel the weight of it settling on his shoulders. Why? Why couldn’t he have this? Why couldn’t he ever have what he wanted?
She hid her trail anyway, because what kind of a hacker would she be if she didn’t? She probably didn’t need to worry about it, she decided, a couple of hours later, when she finished printing the evidence they needed. After all, if they tried to prosecute her, all this would have to come to light and well, that just wouldn’t go well for Novak Aviation.
He was examining the foolishness of all his life choices when the line moved again and drew his attention away from all the shade that wasn’t there. He should walk up and down the line to see if anything aroused suspicion.
She winked, quickly lifted the lid on her basket, which was filled with delicious looking baked snacks, around a large jar of raw honey. Tucked between all the snacks was a tiny plush bee, maybe about the size of an average peanut. She flicked the bee’s tiny antennae as if she just couldn’t help herself, it was so cute.
Only he was sitting in the hallway, lips tingling, wondering what it would have felt like if he’d gotten a chance to get his arms where he wanted them, and that wasn’t really very compatible with this brother idea. So… where did that leave him? Not knowing what to make of it is where it left him. The little voice in the back of his mind that had been chanting
Dean slid up the wall, readying himself to go knock on the door and demand a proper taste this time. Before he could move, the door opened, and Cas froze in the door frame.
Chuck was just a has been who once wrote mediocre books that found a niche audience. Kinda pathetic, really. All their friends were back. Cas was literally within arm’s reach, reading in Dean’s bed. Their bed, now, he supposed. Mind-blowing the difference a week or so could make in a man’s life.
Several heads nodded agreement, which made Castiel’s brow rise about an inch before he realized it was probably perfectly natural for them to check out their new band mate’s channel.
The awkward silence that followed that casual statement was thick enough that nobody wanted to touch it. Garth stepped back. Cas took a few steps forward, shrugging it all off.
He took a deep breath, buried his nose in Castiel’s neck for a moment, felt the warmth of his body against his own.
A quick shower, two cups of coffee and way too many hints to hurry up from Sammy later, they were in the car, on their way to drop Sam off at the airport. Dean was, of course, needling him about going to see his girl. Cas had claimed shotgun, much to Sammy’s amusement, and was now occupying himself looking through Dean’s tape collection.
Castiel’s voice faded out and the song played. Dean watched it twice before looking down. It had been maybe 10 minutes since that notification came in. There were already hundreds of views. He made himself look at the video again. The way they looked, in their regular jamming at Benny’s clothes, the way they moved and played together. They looked like they were having a great time. They looked good. So good, in fact, he heard himself saying it out loud just as the song came to an end the third time he played it.
Dean straightened up, as half a dozen people he hadn’t known were in the room closed in around Castiel and leaned over him. Dean heard him gasp, as you would if you’d just had the air knocked out of you by getting dropped on your ass, hard. A few moments later, there was a cough and then –
Dean’s eyebrow shot up. If they were going to make new rules every time someone was upset it was going to be an awfully long list.
Eventually, they pulled up into the station parking lot, mostly empty at this time. At least the section of it where Dean had parked. And out came the cannoli. They seemed to be a very complicated dessert. At least, it seemed to take an inordinately long time to figure out how to eat them without making a mess, and without a significant pause to the conversation. Somehow, they had started talking about mob movies half way through the cannoli and it seemed of paramount importance that they see this topic through to the bitter end.
“I’d appreciate that. I mean, staying with you,” he swallowed and made himself add. “I’d like to get to know you better. I’m – I’m sorry for -”
The idea presented itself that they had been talking like people who know each other, thus far. The man had not demanded to see his badge, not had Castiel pulled it out (yet). They had recognized each other, and both remembered the first time they met well enough for this brief, stunted conversation to suffice. This was odd, right?
He pointed out a few prominent locations that could be seen from here, and then pulled out the guitar.
They all knew this was it. They nodded at each other with a satisfied smile, and Kevin took the paper he’d been using to record their ideas and crumpled it up.
He felt his phone vibrate in his pocket. That was the signal that the team had everything they needed here. Castiel pulled out his phone, made much of checking his messages (really turning off the camera), and announced he had to go. He was needed back at the station.
“Not what I mean,” Cas explained. “It’s not his talent or his voice exactly, it’s the words… the emotions they describe. Like the flying song.”
Cas was sitting in his rather large studio (or maybe it was the camera angle making it look bigger than it really was), with a few unpacked boxes at the edge of the screen Everything looked pretty bare. Dean hoped somewhere in those boxes there were things to set out on a shelf to make the place looked like someone actually lived there.
“We’re still trying to determine that. The bus is grounded, and there are several cars on the way there, along with the bomb squad. But get this. When we called to ground the bus, their manager guessed it was the Cleveland bus immediately. He said the driver of that bus reported some guy was going on about changing buses a few minutes before the call came through.”
Once upon a time, when he still had a life of sorts, he had played the guitar. Was even in a garage band with some friends in high school. He was sure for about a summer that they were going to be rock stars and he would put Sammy through college with his royalties and concert earnings. But that was before –
Dean’s hands found their way to Castiel’s hips and to his lower back, steading him as he adjusted his own position.
In fairness, Cas might have thought he was trying to push him off when he moved his arms. He had look kinda horrified, and well, Dean knew that wasn’t because the kiss sucked. The kiss had been confusing, sure. But in his expert opinion, it had not sucked in the least. It just – he made himself set aside for the moment the fact that it was Cas and think only of the kiss. There wasn’t… enough. It was like Cas had been waiting to be kicked or shoved away. Like he was trying to kiss and cover his back at the same time. That wasn’t a fair test or a fair taste, dammit. If he was going to taste this pie, he was going to do it right.
“Yeah. You nagged me into going around the block and a truck crashed into the wall right where I’d been parked.”
“I told you before hypervigilance is not something you pick up at the market. It comes from trauma. From years and years of childhood trauma. I’m not…” he hesitated “I’m not going to spill every detail for you, it’s not a pretty story and most of it is done with anyway. But you should understand the basics, since we’re-” Dean finished that sentence with an awkward gesture between them, then took a fortifying swig of his beer.
“The uh…. The flying song is on this one.” Dean tapped one of the CDs and turned back to the laptop.
It had to be the biggest cat tree to be found anywhere. He was fairly certain that it took more room than that huge cedar Lisa had put up last Christmas. The cats were going to love it.
.” He snarked. “Nothing. I was just playing the song. Practicing, trying to get it right for this morning.”
“You know these events usually draw a handful of morons protesting the new black Spiderman or just the general godlessness of some fandom, right?”
He should have said something, he knew he should have. He shouldn’t have let Cas interrupt him in the first place. Sure, maybe he identified a little too closely with Dr. Sexy, both of them being chick magnets with muscle cars, going around saving people, and very much not bi, so they had a lot in common. But he had allowed Cas to go off on him and then he had sat there like a moron instead of getting his feet under him and getting back into that fight. And he couldn’t now, because Cas was looking at him like he was
Wish me luck with the rest of the list though. I might have to get to a library somewhere and just look them up, I’m no good at this. I’ve always been bad at Latin, Sam was always better when Bobby was trying to teach it to us.
That’s the crux of the matter, the thing that’s really getting to Dean: he feels there’s a wall around Cas. After what Cas had said, after he’d told Dean that he loved him (the words feel forbidden to Dean; even as he thinks them, they feel off-key somehow) Dean expected the opposite. Though he has no idea how he’d feel about it, he knows that all of this would have somehow been easier if Cas had been more… well, more anything. If he’d thrown himself at Dean like a desperate drunk girl, Dean would have known what to do with that. Whether he would have rejected or reciprocated was another matter, but the point is that Dean has protocols for both. What Dean doesn’t know how to deal with is this reticence. It isn’t even that Cas is playing hard to get – it’s that he isn’t playing anything at all. He barely looks at Dean. He sees almost entirely disinterested.
Dean, taken aback, smiles, blushes slightly. “Yeah, sure thing. ‘Round nine, ok?” Cas nods and walks out of the room.
The next was on his table in Harvelle’s, a while later. The same kind, grey, soft; though longer this time, from further up the wing, Dean guessed. Sitting staring at his beer, laughing at a dirty joke of Jo’s, he twirled it between his forefinger and thumb, watching the light catch a slight iridescence. When he decided to leave, he tucked it into his jeans pocket.
“Thank you for letting me know, Dean.” Cas gives a little smile, looking at Dean closely. “Might I have dinner with you? If there’s enough for me as well.”
“I guess. The thing is, though-” and, when neither of their parents look to be about to disagree with them, “there’s nothing in it that shocks me. I was god, Dads.”
A few hours later, he’s standing in the kitchen, trying to think of something to cook. He’s got ingredients for anything, and anyway, there’s still time to run out to Lebanon and pick something up if he doesn’t. What’s troubling is the fact that Cas is joining him; it’s not the first time, but it reminds Dean that he should make something that Cas will actually him like, and he has no idea what.
“I – I need you. Please, don’t be high and mighty about it. Rowena, I – I – I don’t trust you. You know that, you don’t trust me either. But for now, I need to be able to. I need you. I’m on your side.”
However, there’s no sign in his face, no sign in his behaviour that he feels that way now. He sits calmly, chewing, looking down at his plate.
He checks the time; he’s been sitting here an hour. With resignation, he opens the laptop again, closes Sam’s program without checking the results, opens Netflix, and checks out.
He bounced up, and walked to the bathroom, and then – just before the door – “I don’t know how to turn the Tee Vee off. Sorry.” It was unusual, but he looked genuinely apologetic. Perversely, that worried Sam almost more than anything else.
Suddenly, an image flashes into Dean’s mind: him standing, walking round to Cas’ side of the table, sitting in the chair next to him, grabbing him by the knee, parting his legs, leaning between them, kissing him-
Cas can’t help but tilt his head, and the motion catches Dean’s attention; Cas is frowning at him, with those wet blue eyes, and Dean almost expects to hear him disagree, almost wants him to. But he doesn’t.
“My girlfriend and I,” Eileen declares, peeling slices of ham apart, “are going out today, for a picnic.”
At first, he thought this might be a djinn dream. Certainly it had the marks of one: an ideal world, but never quite satisfying, never quite what you wanted. However, unlike the last djinn dream he’d been in, Dean could remember how he’d got here. And, what’s more, it wasn’t just dissatisfying: it was cruel. A world in which no one even remembered Cas was more a nightmare than a dream. No, not a djinn.
Of course. They’d never even met. “Uh- ” Dean cleared his throat. “Cas…Castiel. You- let me-” and he pulled the laptop towards himself.
He’s asleep, now. I pulled into a layby to write this. Got this stupid haircut, it looks like its gonna keep falling into his eyes. He’s such a baby.
A few minutes later, Sam walks in, wearing a sky-blue sundress, and sandals. She’d been eyeing it in town a few weeks ago, but had been afraid to buy it. In the end, Cas had bought it for her, telling the cashier very insistently and sincerely that “it’s for my sister-in-law,” while Sam had stood behind him, awkwardly.
A lifetime of hunting for secrets had taught Dean that often the most important words are the ones that are said when the brain is not fully online. In his head, he had meant that sentence to be “You said that maybe Dr Sexy couldn’t be bi because I didn’t want to be.” In his head, he’d been thinking maybe he should ask Cas if he wanted Dean to come back later, after he’d put some clothes on. But with his brain not fully online, what had actually come out of his mouth had been very different.
He thought he’d have until dinner, if he “lost track of time” working to get ready for his first class.
The guy had taken the child back towards the ice cream place, and they sat there eating for close to 20 minutes. Then they had walked all around the food court, looking in all the store windows. Eventually, they walked down one of the hallways, still looking in all the windows. About halfway to the department store, the child suddenly tugged on the shorter man’s arm, and pointed towards the escalator. Both of the men turned to look, and a moment later there was a commotion. Two people came down and the child ran to the man. She seemed comfortable and happy. All the adults seemed relieved. The child was fine.
Dean had been lying on his blanket, with his back against the warm stone, when he knew everything was going to be ok. He’d dozed off, and something woke him up. His arm hurt. And as he lifted it to have a look he felt it again. The thing that had woken him up. Something bit him. Something brightly colored that was slithering away into the wildflowers now.
For all that he’d insisted on how they were nothing to each other now, Dean and Cas fell neatly into old habits. They fell to using the same notes to try out a few of the arrangement ideas Garth and Benny had come up with, and even thought it was awkward leaning over the papers with the guitars in position, they had done this too many times in the past to get in each other’s way. It was like putting on a well-worn garment. It was comfortable. Everything just fell right into place.
“You’re not living here?” Kevin seemed surprised. But it was Dean’s snap to attention that Cas answered.
Cas moved away, holding Dean’s hand as long as he could, and stepped into his closet. In a few seconds he came back again, dragging a suitcase and every damn suit he owned. He tossed the suits into the case, zipped up his bags and a slid into sneakers.
Thursdays was Chinese day in the Cas household, so when he texted Dean the link to the menu for his favorite Chinese place and all he’d gotten back was Dean’s order, he’d put the order in online and Showed up at Dean’s door loaded up with takeout boxes. Miller didn’t come up then either.
Without saying a word, Dean had opened his door wider, stepped forward, and undone the buttons at Castiel’s sleeves, folding each one up a couple of times.
As it turned out, that Friday night was Cruise Night. It took all of four texts to work out their plans. Cas would drive to Dean’s after work. They’d go cruising down Main Street in Baby, radio blasting Dean’s best classic rock tapes. They’d find somewhere to park, then make their way back to Main Street, to get some food from the street vendors and watch other classic cars drive by. Cruise night in their town was well attended, as a rule. Cars came from all over the state. None as awesome as Baby, of course. But still, he was led to believe there were usually some truly amazing sightings. None of which explained why, by his phone’s count, they’d exchanged 73 messages in a few days.
Dean’s crestfallen glance at his feet, before his eyes came back to Castiel’s, spelled out “I know. I’m so sorry I was such a royal ass.”
Of course that would be his first question, Cas made himself keep up the pleasant but concerned demeanor.
“I’m fine,” Dean’s voice sounded as exhausted as he looked, and Cas actually considered turning around and coming back tomorrow, but Dean had said he was fine, and this time Cas believed him.
She looked vaguely like Jane watching one of her soap operas, or one of those contestants on some game show that is pretty sure they just figured out the puzzle. And he suddenly really resented the dramatic look on her face, and the way she was so happily speculating about what went wrong between Dean and Cas. Like it was the most delightfully tragic thing she’s ever heard. And why was she calling him Cas? Just how close were they?
He dropped his hands then, and Cas stepped back to give Dean the space he needed to get into his car.
And they were gone up the stairs before Sam could put another thought together. He huffed as he settled into his spot on the couch with way too much popcorn. Enough for 3, you might say.
He felt the impulse to pull Dean’s body closer and held himself in check. It was still early, and besides, he couldn’t think of a single thing to do that felt more important right now than getting to know this scent more intimately and enjoying the world of possibilities opening up before him. When he opened his eyes again, Dean had turned, and their legs were tangled up. Cas purred his way to full awareness, his arm closing around Dean’s back, hand sliding up to the back of his neck to draw him close and position his head just right for scenting.
He had gone over the scene with the uniforms that were there before him. The weapon was a semi-automatic rifle that seemed to have been built at home, from scavenged parts. It was an AR-15, as it often seemed to be in these cases. Serial numbers had been removed. There were partial prints, but also shoe prints and scuffs, suggesting the weapon had been trampled in the rush. It was loaded, a bullet ready in the chamber, but the safety was still on, and no rounds had been fired.
“Hallelujah? Isn’t that like, a Christmas song? I never really paid a lot of attention but it seems I always hear it around Christmas.”
Dean ran his hand through his hair again, closed his eyes and asked himself if he could hold his shit together for a bit. He really could use a workout.
“It happened a few years ago. Jimmy was just becoming a man, and I was on the verge of turning into this old woman you see now. I was still fertile then, I’m not as old as I look. Worry really does age you something fierce, I found out,” she squeezed his hand momentarily with a knowing look, as if warning him to stop worrying so much.
“So, now that we have a direction, we should talk names,” Benny finally cut in, when they had a longer list of ideas than they could possibly use.
“What makes you think that?” Okay, he sounded skeptical even to his own ears. He quickly closed up his sandwich and turned his attention fully to Cas.
“It was the way he did it,” she took a deep breath and just blurted it out. ”He shifted and ripped out the man’s throat with his teeth. They could forgive him for killing, but not for losing control of his alpha instinct.”
“When I saw that picture,” Dean explained, “two things happened. One, I realized how very nicely you clean up. The way it fits, the way you looked, standing there like the world was your plaything… hottest thing I’ve ever seen.”
And yet, when his phone rang and he saw Dean’s name flash on his screen, there was no mistaking the rush of adrenaline.
gave him a glance then that was clearly asking him why they’d walked into the staff room for this conversation.
He showed the picture to the guy selling the tickets first, and sure enough, it was a hit. The man walked by most days around lunch time. Which means he had been late today. Late lunch? Was there a reason for that? He would need to get a list of all the mechanics and body shops in a 2 mile radius. If he walked by most days, he couldn’t be too far.
“Sammy is going to going to be a bigshot lawyer in a few years, did you know? I’m not sure if you dug into his background or just mine. Free ride to Stanford. We’re very proud.”
“I’m going to fail again, Cas. It’s bound to happen sometimes, and it’s not going to be fair to you. I can promise I’ll fix it, I’ll make it up to you, but I can’t promise I won’t fuck up again, Cas. I’m trying, as hard as I can. I could use your help. I don’t deserve it, not after I didn’t help you. But, I… I trust you, even if I need to remind myself sometimes. Your scent is the closest I’ve ever been to being able to just relax.”
“And we are taking well known songs and turning them into very different songs, so it fits. We’re doing to the name what we’re going to do to the songs. Right?”
When Megan returned, Charlie waved and headed for the elevator. Donna continued to sit, to all appearances lost in a thrilling round of Candy Crush. It was about 3 hard levels later that Benny came out of the elevator, dressed in his Sunday best, and with a briefcase in his hand, demanding to see Castiel.
That was the worst, now that he thought about it. They didn’t fight. He’d dropped his nuke with his fake careless attitude, and Cas had simply stood there and let it hit him. And then he’d walked away without the slightest resistance. Dean had prepared for a fight. He didn’t know what to do with the silence.
“Not exactly,” Kevin started. “But we do rock covers, so I think that should be part of it. Maybe something rock covers… maybe we could find some kind of cool acronym with our names or something.”
“I wanted all of it. I wasn’t ready, and I told you so. I needed time to learn. I still do, though I have learned a lot recently. But I wanted it, more than I can say. I wanted to be your mate. The problem back then was that
His first coherent thought was that if this turned out to be a dream, Cas didn’t think he could survive the disappointment. Then he felt Dean’s teeth nipping at his chin and let himself believe that this could be his life now. He rolled them both on the bed, playfully kissed Dean on his chin and settled comfortably over him, letting the bliss inside infuse his scent.
“Dean,” he cautioned. “Be careful. I don’t want to have to take you in for accosting a minor in a bathroom.”
Dean took some time to examine his shoes to avoid mooning like an idiot, and then Cas was there, saying something to Charlie, then guiding him out and into his car. He had expected it to be tense, this moment when things were about to change between them. But it ended up being almost boring in its domesticity. They talked about what to have for dinner and ended up going through a drive through.
“Are you prepared to let him call the shots?” Cas inquired pointedly. He knew the answer, of course. But he needed to hear the words.
He was, in fact, so busy trying to maintain a conversation that he completely failed to notice where they were going until the car stopped and he realized they were in complete darkness.
Without a word, Cas extended today’s t-shirt and went back to his room. Dean brought it up to his nose as he closed the door, and that’s when the strong streak of arousal in his scent finally registered.
“Well, this one does. So, I was thinking a few days ago that I wanted a way to offer help without pressuring you to take it, or a way for you to let me know discreetly that you need help, or that I’m pushing you in a direction you don’t want to go. A way for you to tell me you need me to behave like an alpha. And also a way for you to tell me when I’ve crossed a line and need to get the alpha under control.”
In November, he found a seasonal job in Tucson and rented a room for a couple of months, giftwrapping at a department store. The lady he was renting from was a little old grandma who loved the idea of teaching Cas to cook some of her favorite recipes. His videos of busy holiday moments in the city were as popular as those of quiet time in the wilderness. It made sense, he supposed. He was just as alone in this happy crowd as in that empty forest. When he got on the road again after that, he had all the necessary gear for winter camping and enough income to stay in cheap motels every night he wasn’t driving. He didn’t know it yet, but a celebrity was about to bump into one of his Christmas videos and share it on their social media. He was driving into Texas and didn’t even know he’d just hit the big time.
He could make the special burgers tomorrow, he was tired anyway. Maybe make a nice salad to go with them, too.
“I tried so hard, but I always seemed to end up failing you. And now it seemed I was going to choose my pride over your – over you.”
“My boyfriend and I have been separated for some time, and I find I can’t decide while I’m so… preoccupied. Perhaps after Dean and I head back home and spend the next month or so getting reacquainted I will be in a better place to answer that question. Of course, if our time was to be interrupted in any way, I might have to press charges immediately.”
“I felt like the worst kind of coward. I knew what was under all the anger. Why couldn’t I just stand there and give you what you needed?”
“It was when you were living with Lisa and Ben,” he sounded positively solemn for a moment. “I had come by, invisible, to check on you.”
Castiel nodded encouragingly, as if he was waiting for Dean to continue, so he did, working it out as he spoke.
“We are Castiel’s family now. And before we go on about our lives, I want to make one thing very clear. You go anywhere near Cas or Dean again, and you’ll find out that where we come from, families take care of their own. There’s not one of us here who hesitated to jump into a car at a moment’s notice and drive up here to get him, and there’s not a one of us here who wouldn’t be willing to go to jail to protect them, if that’s what it took. You remember that.”
“You are, and always were, the only thing I would gladly give myself up for. No hesitation, no regrets. There are others I would die for. Jack, Sam, Eileen even. But for you… for you I would submit to being the hammer you once said I was for whatever is left of my life.”
“I didn’t actually hear this one at the time of the… memory. I’d heard it before, I think working at the Gas ‘N Sip, probably. Sometimes the radio was on in the store. Anyway, I didn’t give it much thought until things started falling apart. But as I was leaving the bunker after that - disagreement, with no intention of coming back, it came to mind. In fact, it more or less got stuck in my head for a while.”
That kiss had been somehow unlike every other kiss Dean had ever been a part of. He’d been utterly lost in it, in a way he couldn’t even articulate. Dean could lose a lot of things, if he had to, and survive. He’d even managed to go on with his life when he’d thought Sam was dead. Cas, even. Both his parents, more than once, Bobby, Jo and Ellen. He’d lost a lot over the years. But he’d never been that close to losing himself.
There was no soundtrack. No sound beyond the sounds of nature in the background. In another heartbeat it was dark and he was standing by a small tent, a camp stove and a lantern providing light, and Dean noticed for the first time that he had his guitar. Sliding the guitar into position, Cas approached the camera. His eyes were filled with all the wonder of seeing something stunning for the first time, but something else was in the background, fighting for space. Something like nostalgia. Like longing. Like going back to a special place without the person who once made it special.
His eyes traced the roots as if he could somehow draw strength from them or share his own. Then he smiled and added.
Dean could feel the look Cas gave him at that, despite keeping his eyes firmly on the road, and tried to steer the conversation back to Eileen.
Castiel reached for the TV remote, pushed two buttons at the same time, and the bookshelf in the back of the room moved, revealing a hidden shelter. They ended up sitting in the man cave, watching a movie, and then it was time for bed.
That sounded final enough. This was the part where Castiel would bow to his superior wisdom and Dean would file this moment away for the next time he wanted to needle Cas.
“He’s probably not even seeing him right now. Just remembering when Nurse Jean first arrived, or that girl he bumped into in the hallway.”
Within minutes, the station was frantic with activity. Every available officer was called in and organized. Waterfront real estate was scrutinized, and portioned out, and groups of officers sent to look at potential locations where Miller could be held. Cas managed to get out to “interview witnesses” just before getting dragged into joining the search.
“Maybe that’s what he’s afraid of,” Dean piped up. “They’re friends now. Even good friends. What if he fucks it up? Sure, he might be interested, but what if they date and it doesn’t work out? At least this way Frank is still his friend. It’s better than nothing, isn’t it?”
“It’s actually well past lunch time.” Sam corrected. “Are you hungry? I could fix you a salad or something.”
“No, not exactly. More like how to use herbs and spices wisely. Say, for example, how some herbs will naturally inhibit alpha hormones, or how a sprig of this of a pinch of that might make someone drowsy or irritate their stomach lining. You know, so omegas know how to avoid
“I didn’t fall. Nothing happened to me. At least, not accidentally. I wasn’t a victim of circumstances. It wasn’t sudden, or out of my control.”
Eventually, they arrived, and Sammy was off. Cas was still holding the tape, turning it over and over in his hands. It was making Dean nervous, honestly.
“Summer is pretty much open, but I’m starting some classes at KCKCC in the Fall. And I’ll be a TA, so once classes start, I’ll have less time. Were you thinking weekends?”
He was a fraction of a second away from pushing the laptop away from him when it registered. The shorter man looked familiar somehow. Not his face. He’d gotten a good look at that and if he’d ever seen it before that afternoon, he’d definitely have remembered. No, it was something about the way he moved. Now that he was further away from the camera, he was getting somewhat blurry at the edges, and when he turned, having delivered the child to her family, the profile came into view. He froze there, looking at the child one last time. Like he wanted to remember.
“Dean, we didn’t exactly get off on the right foot and I think before we go any further maybe we should clear the air a bit.”
They were in the kitchen, cooking together as they did most evenings, an easy companionship taking the edge off the earlier tension. It was still there, in the background, but less demanding. It felt like the evening before a heavy thunderstorm, the air filled with anticipation and static, but cool. They laughed together like a soothing breeze that made the wait bearable, and yet they knew they wouldn’t be able to breathe freely until the storm broke.
“He came right to my window on this side. And then he left. I could see him the whole time, and he didn’t go near the engine at all before coming over here to tell me the bus wasn’t safe to drive. Some people, man.”
“Text me, Cas. Even if you don’t need help with a case,” he grinned then. “Especially if you don’t need help with a case.”
But then the show had started and Nurse Frank had been introduced. Sure, it was pretty common for Dr. Sexy to “welcome” the new nurses with a metaphorical bang. Or a literal one, sometimes. And he supposed that Dr. Sexy had looked at him kinda funny for a minute there as he walked into the room for the first time. Probably just surprised it was a man, is all. Most nurses are women, after all. Certainly on the show the new nurses were always women. Made sense, right?
“I was hoping you’d say that,” Dean slid his arms around Cas for a moment, then made himself let go. “We don’t have much time. Any second now -”
“Why am I here?” he replied. “I know you didn’t call me here to find a man who yelled fire in a crowded theater.”
He walked by a hair and makeup room where someone was teaching omegas how contouring could completely change their appearance. He walked by a room where money was being discussed. He stopped by the kitchen door, and heard a bouncy voice explain how, if your pup wasn’t taking their medicine, it wasn’t so hard to cook it into their food and disguise the flavor. Some red hair caught his attention across the hall, and he sauntered over to overhear the
Nobody had moved, but they were, in fact, looking and it wasn’t until Castiel tugged slightly at his arm, that he started to move again. Right past everyone and into an interrogation room. Mostly out of habit, Castiel settled Dean into a chair and excused himself to go gather the relevant files. He didn’t need them, exactly. But it was procedure, such as it was. He’d leave his witness in there for a few more minutes than he had to, watch them through the two-way mirror in the tiny adjacent room for a reaction of some kind.
They were tossing name ideas around when a knock on the open garage door made them all stop cold and turn to look. Garth stood up, knocking over the can of Tab he’d been sipping at, and sending him scrambling to clean it up. Dean stood up slower.
Again, he didn’t. He stepped further into the room, afraid he’d lose his nerve if he hesitated even for a second.
“Do I get my own office?” Dean started. “Is there a company car?” And now he winked before teasing “Do I get to lock us into your office after work on Wednesday afternoons and bend you over your desk?”
Turned out he didn’t even need a list. He started walking in the direction the man pointed in. Less than a block away there was a shop. Singer Auto. An about to slide under a sweet, sweet old T-bird, was the greenest pair of eyes he’d ever been lucky enough to see twice.
“You’re probably not wrong,” Dean agreed, thinking of all the people, through the years, who had come to know of the monsters they fought, yet stuck their heads under their pillows and waited for somebody else to deal with the situation. Plenty had been fully capable of fighting their own fights. They just didn’t. Denial was easier. Going back to normal was safer.
“We have rules against violence, but as you say, the man had attacked me, and Jimmy was defending his family. That was understood, and that was not the crime he was banished for.”
Castiel tensed up. Yes, he was aware that he was being wildly irrational and that Charlie was Dean’s friend and that neither of them would ever see the other as anything but a good friend. But still, everyone there would think they were a couple and Cas suddenly found that he was frowning at that. And Dean seemed to be smirking at it, which only made Cas frown deeper. Dang it, he was allowed to be irrational for a moment.
“So Benny, do we need a private room for you to tell me why you’re here?” she asked, selling it to the audience.
“Novak,” the captain called after him. “Since you’re playing the messenger, kindly relay a message for me. Tell Dean if he’s not going to work with us, then he can’t expect us to come running whenever he has one of his feelings.”
“As my date. But Dean has made his feelings about further cooperation with Stanford PD clear, and I believe I have communicated them clearly to you at the time.”
That worked for maybe 5 minutes. What he forgot to consider was that if he succeeded in relaxing, he’d naturally do what relaxed people do. He’d forget to keep his focus where he wanted it. His senses would be drawn away from the screen at times. His eyes would wander. His ears would notice that annoying candy wrapper sound. Or the weird footfall.
“Let’s try to figure out what’s wrong,” Cas edged, aware of the conversation going on in the background. Once a sting got to this point, calling it off was going to require more than just a feeling. “The captain is talking to Officer Brown now.”
“How about we help each other? I’ve learned a lot, in the last 6 months, but there’s still a lot to learn. I know I'm going to mess up too. So, can we just agree that for reasons that neither of us is to blame for we don't really know how to do this, but we really want to figure it out? Can we agree to give each other and ourselves a break when we need it, and to help each other? I think we’d make a great team, don’t you?”
He dropped the backpack into the passenger seat of the Continental his father had handed down to him on his 16th birthday. He had promised himself he’d get a cooler car as soon as he could, but right now he was happy to have it. The back seat was big enough to sleep in. That would save him some money. He should take some food and water as well. He went through the pantry and filled a box with cans, fruit, and snacks. Anything he could find that didn’t require cooking, basically. And a couple of cases of water. How far could he go on a full tank of gas? He was going to find out before dawn. Not like he could sleep after all that anyway.
“You spend a few years travelling the world alone and moving back into your father’s house just doesn’t hold any appeal, I guess.”
“I knew then. I knew exactly what he meant. How he felt. How I felt. I knew why snowflakes are purer in December than in February, Dean, despite having the same chemical makeup. I knew.”
The front door locked as Cas pulled a black denim jacket out of the back seat, and they both settled into the Impala, grinning like little kids on a field trip. The right tape was located and placed into the tape deck, and they rolled to Main Street, the music filling the air between them as they rocked along to their favorites. They turned onto Main Street well before there was anything much to look at. Windows were rolled down and the music cranked up, and they settled into a nice, easy cruise speed just as the neon signs and the edge of the crowd came into view.
“Does your wife know you break into bars on the weekends?” she called back, stacking pancakes on a platter and grabbing the syrup.
“I can’t do that again,” Dean finally said. “I can’t be part of something like that if they’re not gonna listen to me. I know I said I’d help, but I just can’t.”
“You gotta take your time on that little piece. Feel the textures, taste all the different parts of the flavor. Enjoy the notes you knew would be there and pick out the stuff you didn’t know to expect. Feel how it all works together.”
On day 3, Cas wanted to work on those counters, with some intimidation moves thrown in. The kind of moves that involved growling and getting right up into someone’s face. The idea was to overcome the intimidation effect, and counter anyway. Dean would have to say there were mixed results. He was not intimidated. He was, however, slicking like an omega in heat. He kept getting lost in the heat of Castiel’s body, and forgetting he was supposed to be trying to dodge and counter.
“Secretly, they all suspect dick might be delicious. Do you ever wonder, Dean, if dick might be delicious?”
“It feels like there are a lot of things I can’t say that I want to. I said a lot of shit I didn’t mean before, pulled strings, pushed you into things you didn’t really want. And I know that things have changed, but I worry that if I say what I want it will feel like pressure and that if I get what I want that way, we won’t be able to trust it.”
Dean flinched slightly. He had hoped this conversation would wait till later, but well… at least it would be over with and he could stop worrying about it.
“What do you mean, you’re gay? You’re an angel, what does that even mean? You’re only into other angels?”
“it’s basically a safe house for the center posing as my home. Thus far we haven’t needed to use the extra rooms, but it’s nice to have the space if it’s needed.”
“I’ll be there with you for all the next hunts. If you die, I’ll know exactly what happened. And I’ll find you, wherever you end up. You can’t ditch me that easily.” He smirked then, with a tilt of his adorable head. “Perks of being an angel.”
“While we’re clarifying criminal lingo, Mrs. Novak, are you aware that taking someone’s money under false pretenses is also a crime?”
“O, yeah. I remember. I read that the driver had some kind of medical thing. Heart attack or a stroke. Something like that.”
They turned to look where he was pointing. Darth Vader was posing for a picture with a child. A cute picture. Dean’s laughter stuttered a moment when Vader crouched down to fit into the frame better and gave a thumbs up.
“Ah, yes, the deal. Let’s talk about that, why don’t we? Would this be the deal wherein you threatened to have his boyfriend arrested and ruin his life if Cas didn’t come back to Seattle and ruin his own? That deal?”
He’d told Cas he knew nothing of the world and it was time to grow up. He said it had been great fun but going into his senior year he needed someone who had been outside the Lawrence city limits. He’d said that he didn’t want to see Cas anymore, that he was ready to fall in love now. God help him, he almost choked on the words. For a moment he thought they were going to kill him, but he’d said them.
“Well, we don’t do behavior training, in the traditional sense. We teach skills omegas need. You know, cooking, cleaning, sewing, aerobics.”
He’d been low key missing Dean all morning and telling himself he shouldn’t be this far gone already. It was only Tuesday, and they’d ended up spending most of the weekend together. No reason to miss him yet.
“You were so deep into the role you didn’t even put on one of your tapes while we were driving around. We listened to the local country music station. We were on our way back to the motel when this song came on.”
“I got triggered. In the clinical sense. And then I dissociated. And then I broke down. Pretty standard progression, at least for me,” he added, with a sigh.
Dean chewed the words over as he chewed the last couple of bites of his food. For someone without human limitations, as Cas had been when they met, what do time and place even mean? What do you even dream about?
No, Dean took his time cleaning his hands, then he went down the street to the diner and got himself hot meal every day. On his way to the diner, he passed through the bus depot every day. It was not his favorite part of the walk, mostly because there always seemed to be too many people – but also there was something disturbing about the combination of such scents as assorted engine oils or diesel fuel and cigarette smoke. Didn’t people know that shit was flammable?
“I should bring you in for questioning,” she grouched. “Actually, I don’t really have room in the cruiser. Dean should bring you in, and I’ll drill you when we get there.”
“I can’t work there after what they asked me to do. And besides, you’re right, you know. Most of the time, we just come in and clean up the mess and find someone to punish. I can’t remember the last time we actually saved someone before you came in.”
“Everything seems okay right now,” Dean chimed in. “But it’s just getting started. We should keep an eye out.”
“You’re on my side,” Dean mumbled as he went into the bathroom and placed his toothbrush next to Castiel’s. Sure, technically, he didn’t have a side, and Cas was in the middle anyway. But it didn’t really matter. Cas could stay where he was and Dean would go back to his room, or he could move over, and Dean was moving in. It was that simple.
He got a fresh toothbrush from the medicine cabinet, peeled it out of the package, and started to put toothpaste on it.
She made breakfast. Took a shower. Finally gave in 13 minutes before 8. She called Ellen. Ellen called Dean, Bobby and Benny. Bobby called Jody. Dean called Sam and then Donna. Saturday breakfast at the Roadhouse was at 9.
“Maybe I want to explain myself. To you, for one. There are things you should know. Things that are currently… unclear.”
“Wake up and smell the bacon, Dean. It’s fucked up now. Maybe this is working just fine for Dr Sexy, as he sets his feelings aside and goes off with another hookup. Maybe it’s working for Dr Sexy but that doesn’t mean it’s working. It’s fucked. It’s already fucked.”
“Well, once you know that the monster is out there, you have two choices. Hide, or fight. Hiding, like most people do, might be easier. It might even feel safer. But you spend the rest of your life never knowing where it is or if it’s coming for you today. Fighting is scarier. But then it’s over, and if you’re good enough or lucky enough to win, you get to go on with your life without fear. You get to have true safety. A few hours or days of courage are not too high a price to pay for never having to think about the monster again. For free will.”
“This calls for a celebration! Want to go out to eat, or - ” Castiel’s voice dropped suggestively “we could pick something up and… eat in.”
Dean stepped out of the bathroom to find Cas had rolled over to the side nearest the door. He got into bed and made himself comfortable in the warm spot near the middle. He was still shuffling into position on his side when Cas rolled again, spooning him. Dean relaxed into his arms and dozed off almost instantly, while Castiel’s arm tightened around Dean’s waist and a satisfied smile softly brushed the back of his neck.
, exactly. I just wanted to understand this new thing that felt good. I have only ever been attracted to- men. Anyway, the point is, sometimes you don’t know what you’re feeling, and you try to make sense of it by the cues you get from others. Dr. Sexy might have noticed someone at a bar, for example, caught himself looking, but where if it was a girl he might go buy her a drink, if it was a guy he just told himself he liked his coat or whatever, and looked around for a girl to notice.”
Castiel made himself stop panicking. There was some kind of plan afoot, clearly. A plan that involved him, somehow. He couldn’t mess it up. He couldn’t look away, his eyes drinking in Dean as if he couldn’t get enough.
