“Yeah! Two different women, two different times,” Bruce added, to be clear. “But then I was the bad guy for ending things, because ‘giving someone your number isn’t cheating.’”
“Every time we watch
“I can’t believe… you,” he tried to say, staggering over multiple thoughts and feelings at the same time - to Steve’s obvious delight. “She wouldn’t stop trying to set me up, I didn’t know she knew you, I swear.”
“Shopping? No,” Steve protested outright. “Something I’ve got at home will work.”
“My,”
“If anything, he’s comforted she’s there and she won’t let anyone push her around,” Steve told him. “I didn’t even know, about Blackmun. I’ve always thought of him as a good guy in all this.”
“Alright, honeybear, easy does it,” Tony soothed with slow, gentle words, reaching for Rhodey’s mostly-empty glass. “How about we try some water, hm?”
Bond took his time, alternating between eating out Belova until she was spewing curses in her native Georgian, and fucking her with slow, powerful rolls of his hips. The pattern intentionally kept Belova on the verge of orgasm for many minutes longer, and provided Bond precious time to calm himself each time.
Steve told the goddamn drink to fuck off, picked it and the accompanying straw up with a vindictive grip, then marched back to their section.
got into the Rose Fair pageant.”
Steve whimpered into Tony’s offer of a kiss, starved—
Sam stared at her, betrayed. “That’s our cue,” he decided, taking Thing 1 by the hand and turning away with an exaggerated huff. Tony and Steve were the first to start laughing, and the group conversation reset again.
“Mom,
“I hate to break it to you, sweetheart,” Steve teased back, still snickering to himself. But whatever he thought of the octopus tentacles, he did what Tony told him to do; he even picked the biggest one off the plate. “Guess you had to find out some day. I’m afraid you’re in love with a smartass. It’s terminal, no cure.”
“I watch hockey,” Steve finally thought to say. “The NHL. I catch a game when I can.”
“Did you say your moms were here?” Steve asked. “Could you introduce me? It would be a pleasure to speak with them, too,” he explained when Taobe only stared back at him. Then, all at once, the boy couldn’t agree fast enough, and he urged Steve to follow him.
Tony had spent a lot of time staring, floundering, and
Light flooded the intimate little nook from every direction. The A-frame ceiling was built entirely of reclaimed glass, and the large French doors to the balcony allowed sunlight in from the front of the cabin while a large arched window dominated the back wall. There was no other furniture in the loft except for the bed that had been dressed in layered, warm bedding, and cotton flannel sheets.
swamp. It’s mine, only mine: I’m safe here, alone here, you can’t just—”
As always, there was a quote on the board without a source.
Tony blinked slow, heavy eyelids until he could level a reeking glare at his co-star. “This might be my first promotional tour, but I’ve pulled all nighters before, Rogers. Get out of my way.”
Tony whined as Steve’s softening cock gave a valiant twitch of interest, and he cradled Steve’s head in his hands and played with his hair while Steve sucked a dark bruise into Tony’s skin.
Bond,” Steve interrupted him loudly. “I should never have tried to, to… I don’t even know.”
“How’re you going to do that, ding-dong? With a Louisville Slugger?”
“Speaking of: I miss my Jason Mamoa,” Jane decided, finishing the last of her beer and sliding off her stool. “Let’s get out of here - I’m just gonna run to the ladies room.”
“It’s the least I could do, detective,” Tony said after a momentary pause. “I know you said I’m not responsible, but I’ll be damned if I’m just going to sit here and let some messed up asshole use my work to hurt people.”
Tony waved off whatever Steve was about to say, busying himself instead with putting out Steve’s painkillers and connecting his phone to charge so Steve could reach both easily on his bedside table.
The women glanced between Steve and Phil curiously as Phil tried to keep up. “She did?”
Tony and Bruce stood up as one. They both knew what had happened, and neither of them liked it.
There, in the only privacy she could find, she wept, and wept, and wept.
Bucky slammed down a box full of binders on the desk. “That’s all of it.”
“She couldn’t even compare me to an American?” Steve groused to himself on his way back to Tony’s couch, where Tony was still delighting in the tragic comparison. “You’re enjoying this too much.”
“So, uh,” their novice interviewer began, eyeing Tony cautiously. “I have some questions for you from our loyal readers. These are all for both of you,” he clarified before kicking things off by asking, “What is your favorite new toy?”
“You should thank your dog,” Mr. Perfect said with another breath-taking smile. “She found me on the trail and herded me back to you.”
“I’m doing your econ,” Tony said without leaving any room for Steve to argue. “Rest tonight, and don’t do more than ROTC and lectures until Saturday. And,” he added as soon as Steve tried to respond. “My schedule is free, I want to be there. I’ll be at the Commonwealth tomorrow.”
Unbetad and written in less than 24 hrs, so please forgive my mistakes. Those of you who responded & voted on Tumblr, thank you! I hope this is in line with what you expected. At least, I'm pretty sure it's in line with my initial promise that 'you'll never feel clean again.'
“Is there anything on here that isn’t an animal?” Tony wondered, turning the menu over to see if he’d missed anything.
“—and we thought, why don’t y’all just do it here? With family? Just the four of us, sweetheart, nothing big. Dad’s gotten the lawyers to get a prenup together, Steve and I picked up the marriage license.”
“I think we should break up.”
He could drop in front of the TV or his computer and zone out until sleep took him. Those were both perfectly reasonable ways to wind down after long, stressful days. But he didn’t need to just wind down, he needed to
Tony watched as Jane processed the metaphor with the same care as when she came across a new finding in astrophysics.
“We haven’t practiced cross examination in a case like this; he will tear you apart,” Natasha responded firmly and calmly. “If we settle, you can get half the assets and joint custody.”
“Imagine that, a self-sustaining king,” Steve said with a quiet chuckle, and Tony would have laughed if he wasn’t busy watched Steve kneading the dough until it was smooth and uniform. Then Steve rolled the dough into a basketball sized ball, wrapped it in cellophane, and put it in the fridge to cool.
Well fed and well fucked, Steve and Tony made it to their cozy, rustic treehouse. It was tucked away among the trees under a thick canopy of red and orange leaves, with large, sliding glass doors, and no other people or structures as far as the eye could see. Steve took both of their small duffles and carried them up the stairs.
But Steve wasn’t listening. He marched away in his rage, only shouting orders over his shoulder at Bucky as he hurried to his office. “Boots, guns! Go!”
“Same old horndogs,” Bucky corrected without an ounce of shame.
“When you said to pick you up from Tribeca,” he said, “I was looking forward to moping. Maybe some tears.”
Steve’s first clear thought was everything felt pleasantly fuzzy. Everything was beautiful and wonderful and so sweet in his cocoon of delicious cotton candy.
Wouldn’t dream of it
A cold rock dropped in Steve’s gut. He really hoped this wasn’t what he thought it was. “With whom, Professor?”
“You leave me speechless, Agneta. In fact, I fear you leave me no choice. Would you do me and his Majesty, my husband, the honor of joining us at the palace in Eisenturm next June in celebration of the solstice? Every year we celebrate those who allow Consone to thrive, and I cannot imagine such a celebration this year without your attendance.”
In a rare show of urgency, Tony rushed to interrupt him.  “No, no, it won’t be too late, I’ll stay. I can be in New York. Can I take you to dinner on Monday?”
He turned the simple, gold band over in his fingers. It was polished to a shine, as it always was, and warm from the touch of his skin. Steve normally carried it in the ball chain necklace with his dog tags, but on the rougher days when he really didn’t want to face the world or deal with anyone, he wore it on his pinky to remind him of someone who was worth that effort. He wasn’t a genius, but Tony had never allowed him to entertain
, Rogers! We’ve been sitting on the plane for hours, let’s get out, stretch our legs. See London! What’s with the pjs?” Tony suddenly accused with pursed lips, as if caught between a pout and a grin. “Double time, baby, come on, or the next time someone asks about how you prepared for transitioning Cap into the 90s, I’ll answer with an interpretive dance.”
As the young man under his hands started to rub off against the blankets in earnest, the rhythmic grinding of his hips better revealed his balls to Steve’s reach. Without letting go of his ass, Steve shifted his attention down further, first caressing Tony’s balls with his lubed fingertips, until his hips stilled enough and pushed back down to press his drawn-up sac into Steve’s waiting palm. Steve pressed back with just as much interest, rolling Tony's balls in his hands and massaging them with increasing pressure until Tony was practically drooling and panting into his pillows. With years of practice under his belt, Steve urged Tony up a little on his knees--just enough to reveal his fully hard cock as it hang heavy between his thighs, leaking from the tip.
But Steve’s gaze swept over Tony’s strong hands and forearms, over his finely made robes, and down the trail of glimmering silver chains decorating his bared chest. All Steve needed was Tony, and if Tony was amendable, the two pots of honey.
Clint swiveled his ears flat back against his head and came to an immediate halt.
“You’re really something,” he murmured, combing his fingers through Tony’s hair gently and brushing it aside so that he could see Tony’s face better. “Can I help?”
Steve dove across the king size bed to shake Tony awake. “Tony! Tony, get up right now!”
Clint frowned at his brother and put his hands on his hips, in case his frown wasn’t intimidating enough. “You got a problem with that?”
“From Tony Stark’s shared stories, I understand your generation’s actors recorded many archival discs. Our actors serve a different function: they are extensions of our venerable Governor’s benevolent guidance. Actors travel with his messages, meeting with children in schools, reporting to community leaders, or otherwise make themselves available to answer questions and report changes to the public.”
“Tony, I didn’t think you’d make it,” Steve said as Tony came to stand beside him. “It’s good to see you again.”
“How could I not? I’m so happy you like them, babe,” Tony said through a big yawn. “I—”
“Let me talk to him,” Bucky said and took the phone out of Steve’s hand, but he had only managed to connect the call when Steve finally wrangled it back into his own possession.
Steve blinked up at him, then without saying anything he pulled the wet folds of Tony’s open shirt apart to see what had happened.
“Tony, sweetheart,” Steve rasped with a deep rumble that left Tony whimpering in reply. “Just woke up.”
“You heard me the first time, you jerk,” Steve rumbled to Tony’s giggling delight. “Don’t laugh! I’ll go get cleaned up tomorrow—”
button on time. He stood too close, he smelled like cigarettes, and he leered at Steve openly with a cheshire cat grin.
Lights flashed before his eyes as the shell exploded not a dozen yards away from him. Steve could smell the burning flesh long after he walked past the severed limbs and clusters of tattered organs. He heard them call his name, but he couldn’t reach them. Young men, men who had never had a chance to live, men who barely knew what they were dying for, cried out for mercy.
“That’s your face, you know,” he whispered as he softly brushed away Tony’s tears of laughter from his cheeks. Tony rolled his eyes good-naturedly, but rather than giving some smart answer he softly took Steve by his ears and guided him closer for grateful, lingering kisses.
“Tony, you’re dead on your feet. Come with me.”
“Well, that was quick,” Bucky observed quietly. Steve, on the other hand, flew to the window like a suicidal bird to see this beautiful woman with legs for days.
“I acknowledge your rational intervention, Lieutenant Anthony E. Stark,” Fury replied in a way that made it very clear how he felt about being interrupted multiple times. “I will also acknowledge the Captain’s advice when his suggestions are conceivable. Yet this alarmist disquietude is repulsive. The only place to even view firearms designed by any fashion of his imagination is at a museum.”
“...Stark, don’t you think you’re blowing this a little out of proportion?” he said in a dubious drawl. “It’s fucking Taco Bell.”
Tony had released Dummy, but the horse was faithfully trailing him as Tony made his way to back porch. When Tony made it around to the table, Steve’s face was already split in a broad smile.
“Stop hearken-ing and lo-ing, I’ll get dressed!” Steve caved in record time. He got up and took his book with him, but before he walked out of sight he paused and turned back to Tony. “Unless my devoted spouse feels we have time for one quick polish...?”
“I lift?” Steve tried at first, but then shrugged it off. This was one lie he didn’t want to say. “I don’t always eat like that, Tony. It’s been… it’s been a week. The week’s been hell, I have Wayne on my mind all the time, and then you and, and the kiss. And we haven’t talked about it. It’s… I want to talk about it. It’s important to me, Tony,” he added more adamantly. “You’re important to me.”
“My mommy says all penises are funny looking,” Arlene informed Tony, matter-of-factly, clearly happy to be educating Mr. Tony about something again. Tony had to cover his mouth to keep from outright laughing.
Tony stopped dead in his tracks and stared at the phone screen. Steve glared at him for so obviously reading the messages on the screen—private messages he had no right to read. He could feel his hackles rising, and that dam of righteous anger was buckling under the pressure of polite society.
Beside him, Tony was so tightly wound in the bed sheets that Steve couldn’t see much more than his hair and forehead on the pillow. He seemed to be fast asleep, and Steve couldn’t bring himself to wake him up. It was Saturday morning, and if his next plan was to treat Tony to breakfast, why not surprise him with it?
“That depends, Mr. Stark,” Steve said with a calm that surprised even himself. “Have you ever used a ghostwriter?”
A part of Steve wanted to point out that a ditch is the last place to put any vehicle, but kept it to himself and threw the car in reverse to do as Tony said.
“Then I’ll make it quick, Governor,” Steve replied without dawdling over pleasantries. “You designed an entire society of followers and pushovers to flatter your ego, but with them, you have no way to control your Scraps and problem makers who don’t care for your cult. So, instead of working with them on a compromise, what do you do? You program Rumlow’s rehab so he’d come out of Cryo as the perfect 22nd century terrorist.”
“No, not at all—”
Tony muted his mic and shuddered. As if his morning hadn’t been bad enough.
“Baby, you can show me anything you’d like.”
“Oh, man. Listen, I really hope he didn’t wake you up for this,” Channing said with an energetic zest and excitement Steve had lost around ten hours ago. “I’ll make it real quick. I’ve loved Captain America since I was a kid, and I love the depth you’re bringing to the guy. You could’ve just made him a kickass hero or something, but man, he’s lonely, he’s lost everything, and listen, it’s tough looking strong and badass but still vulnerable and hurt, and, fucking bravo, man. You’re awesome.”
Tony rolled his eyes, but he closed the door and flicked the chain off so he could step back and let her in. “Should I fear for my life?” he asked, only half-joking. “To what do I owe this pleasure?”
“We’ll get on it as soon as the evidence comes back,” Steve interrupted before Hammer reacted to Bucky’s mood. “Until then, come on. Let us get to the bottom of this. We just need to find his name and do a background check, that’s all.”
“Fat chance, Tony: hide!”
“Tony, I’m so sorry—I came as fast as I could,” Steve was telling him, not that his words made any sense.
One look at Steve, and Tony knew he had passed out. He looked at the bottles more carefully, set his alarm to remind him when Steve’s next round probably was, and tucked Steve into bed. Tony didn’t know why Steve was determined to stay away from the hospital, but at least he was resting peacefully now. Maybe that was better for him than stressing out in a hospital.
In those moments, his mother’s words would float back through his thoughts, dispelling any hope of abandoning his responsibilities. He was intended to take the business. His parents, she would always remind him, were always on his side. They wanted him to live a good life, a life uninhibited by the burdens they had faced themselves. Tony had so many more resources and luxuries than they had ever grown up with, and she often reminded him that it was all thanks to his father’s genius and endless effort. What mattered most was the company now, and all the families that relied on Stark Industries for their livelihood. Investors believed in the Stark genius, they trusted Howard Stark’s son as the only person to produce equally profitable marvels in the coming generation. Without Tony, investments would suffer, and the families depending on them would be without work, without an income.
“In—in the known world,” Natasha corrected quietly, as if Tony had time to nit-pick.
Thor’s lips pressed together stubbornly, twitching with the overwhelming need to cry.
Steve slammed the drawer shut and tried not to shout at his mom. If she’d just let him get off the phone to get a dinner together so he could be mulish and alone in peace, he wouldn’t be here bleeding into a paper towel in the only apartment in Gotham without band-aids.
“Not everyone leaves room for Jesus, Tony,” Steve murmured, struggling not to get too distracted by the smell of Tony’s hair and how soft it looked and how badly he just wanted to nuzzle in close and wrap Tony in his arms and maybe carry him to bed and peel him out of the tuxedo and—
Tony only had one question for the witness, and he presented it as an array of five photographs: five similar looking flaccid penises, each with distinctly different manscaping. Since she remembered so much and had apparently spent all night with Barnes and even claimed to have performed oral sex, he only asked her one question: identify his client by his pubic hair.
“You’re—you’re breaking up with me because you don’t think you can be a gay politician?” Steve echoed in disgust. No sooner had reality sunk in than Steve’s tears overwhelmed him, streaming down his face. “And you’ve known this the whole time we’ve been together? All the time you told me you loved me, you were ‘dicking around’? That’s all I’ve been to you, something fun to play with until you wanted a serious life?”
Even in the darkness of the late evening, Steve could see color rising in the boy’s cheeks from embarrassment. Taobe was a tall boy, but he couldn’t have been more than sixteen, so when all he could do was gape back at Steve in momentary shock, Steve took a knee so that Taobe would no longer have to look up at him.
“I have so many questions,” she told him between furtive glances back at Coulson and the young women. “That girl just gave him her number.”
“Dude, listen. I hate the burst your bubble, but,” Clint said from his leisurely sprawl at his desk nearest the Captain’s office, and he paused long enough to thoroughly chew and swallow his beef jerky before elaborating. “The man’s birthday’s the Fourth of fucking July. You ain’t getting a reservation for a day like that in a city like this with two days to spare.”
“A little,” Steve allowed. “Simple things; breakfast food.”
More.
Tony had visited Christmas Markets every year of his life. As a child, he joined his father on the opening day of the market where Howard would give a short speech on why the holidays were so important to their families, culture, and kingdom. Tony had not continued that tradition, and instead made an effort to visit on a random day every year.
“Uh, no—stop laughing,” Steve grumbled, though a blush was creeping up his neck and undermining his whole expression. “I do things when I don’t work! I, uh.”
Shortly before 3pm, Steve left work with his beautiful vase of mariposa skies irises in its protective delivery box. He’d gone back and forth all morning deciding on where to put his flowers, especially since Tony wouldn’t be home for a few days and he had no reason to linger downstairs like he usually did until Tony came home. By now his three favorite options were on his bedside table, on the coffee table in their private reading nook, or out on the patio where it would enjoy the most sunlight and fresh air.
“Listen. I don't know what's brought on this midlife crisis or whatever it is you're experiencing right now, but I’ll humor you for twenty seconds. You are one of the sassiest, most ridiculous people I've ever met,” Tony told him in a calm, patient tone that wouldn’t take no for an answer. “Eleven years in telenovelas, Steve. That’s a serious bar of ‘ridiculous’ you’ve surpassed, with flying, face-palming colors.”
“Maybe just, reach out more often the next time you leave?” she suggested mildly, “or invite him up north?”
The one farthest away frowned and asked, “Chi?” The woman in the middle, who may have been the younger of the two, shrugged in response and asked, “Kto ty?”
Sharon’s lips curled up in a small smile. “Oh, then, I guess we’ll see you there.”
“And how does that—”
The first four lifts of the digger were smooth and easy. There was some resistance near the end, but after several firm thrusts into the ground, Tony heard the satisfying snap of a branch giving way, and he finished without a problem.
The suggested movies gave Tony pause. He had prepared himself for romcoms, or for Steve to maybe suggest a horror movie in the hopes that Tony would be scared enough to cling to his side for protection. But these were neither; in fact, they were fun, classic 80s movies he wouldn’t mind going to see.
Tony could only grunt in agreement. “You have no idea.”
Steve nearly dropped his book in the water. The next Stark Adventure wasn’t slated for another year, Tony was previewing it already? Forgoing all other things, Steve tossed his book on top of a stack of towels where it would be safe and snatched up his phone. Tony hadn’t even shared the premise of his upcoming novel yet, and this wasn’t only a blurb Tony had shared: he had posted twenty pages for his subscribing members to enjoy. The first twenty pages of the first chapter.
Sure enough, Tony was cantering back to the house on Dummy’s back, but this time, the horse was fully decked out. No more bareback rides with makeshift bitless halters: Tony sat in a full saddle, with real reins in his hands, and the rifle was safely tucked away in a scabbard like the one Clint had strapped to his horse.
The phone jumped to life in his hand as it buzzed with an incoming phone call. Steve declined the call, but he shot to his feet and started throwing his books, pens and highlighters into his rucksack like the building was on fire. With a mildly apologetic nod to the strangers staring at his sudden burst of energy, he fled the building and called Tony back.
“I’m an editor,” he said, before stepping in a little closer to add, “and if you like pork, the Godfather is really good.”
bardingbeedle asked: prompts if you still need them! how about steve cutting tony's hair (for some reason)? i feel like he would know how to bc he used to cut his mom's hair and maybe even his. and also maybe trimming tony's beard and just generally pampering/grooming/taking care of him too.
But sure enough, here he was, all cocked out.
“Think you’re ready for the toy, sweetheart?” Steve growled under his breath, and despite his cock’s eager twitch of interest, Tony glared up at him.
“That would be an impressive accomplishment,” Steve observed, but his editor’s role was coming on too easily, and he found himself asking, “but that’s not the same thing as proving women enjoy your writing. How does that happen with magazines?”
“That’s it?” Steve called after him. Against the silent backdrop of the evening, his voice carried a startling punch, and Tony turned with his hand on the door handle to look back like he was bracing himself for the worst.
The big black dragon closed her big, red eyes, and with a long, final sigh, a bright purple light glowed bright from within the breast of the dragon until it gradually turned into a bright, blinding white light that enveloped it’s massive body entirely.
“I’m driving you to the fucking airport, you can’t give me a banana?”
With every malicious word, Stephanie curled further and further into herself, until it was all she could do to run from his cell, with her head in her hands. She found the dragon, and even though it was still the dead of night, she crawled under the wing of her loyal companion.
How am I supposed to know what bed you’re in
Within the hour of Rumlow’s escape, Fury gathered his senior Lieutenants in a private meeting to avoid raising alarm. For his quick thinking and unbecoming fascination with the 21st, Tony was the only silver class personnel invited to stand inside the room while the gold class officers sat around Fury’s meeting table.
“I’m honored!” he quickly recovered, still laughing. “I’m glad you were willing to come back, I’m very flattered.”
His resistance gave the cops pause. They glanced at each other, then turned to look at their leader. The leader pulled out his device again, and sounded like his feelings had been hurt when he told it, “Maniac is disinclined to cooperate.”
Friday didn’t pull any punches. Tony woke up to two voice mails from Steve: one that said he’d been delayed and would not be back until the following Saturday, and another to apologize for not wishing Tony a good weekend. Steve wouldn’t pick up when Tony called him back before work, but it was all for the better, probably, since Tony could barely find his own feet.
“Knock it off,” he muttered quietly. “That’s… ‘knock me up’ means something else.”
Rhodes turned his attention to Steve, who was cold and shivering and broken, and no more cooperative than his best friend.
“But Steve, the computer, it’s still—”
“Thanks for nothing, you worthless two-dollar whore, goddamn dirtfucking sack of piss-soaked shit,” he told the machine as he plucked off one ticket after another, “you scum-sucking son of a motherless goat.”
And with those words, all the little signs and minor realizations came together. Steve stared at him, and while Brock's face was as familiar as his own, it finally hit him how much he’d been blind to all these years.
“No teaching experience, only a year out of grad school…” Tony continued, half-aware of his own words. His focus was mesmerizing, and Steve almost felt the need to evacuate the whole cafe just so he could study Tony’s handsome profile and the allure of his slightly parted lips in private.
In the early days of winter, once the issues of taxes, citizenship, and social benefits were finalized, Tony finally gained some traction. His first victory had been a fellowship for graduate work in trauma counseling. On the heels of that success passed an initiative to fund employment opportunities for recent graduates from old Machtberg in Terrini, whether they were civil engineers, school teachers, or medical care providers. They called it the Queen’s Exchange Initiative in Sarah’s memory. Steve had been behind both proposals, and as satisfying as standing in Parliament and seeing the votes on their proposal cast in their favor, Tony’s victory was still outdone by the grateful smile Steve greeted him with later that day.
“Sharon worked on the new routine, man,” he said quietly. It was almost worse that he wasn’t raising his voice or getting angry about it; Steve couldn’t bear the disappointment. “She needs our help two hours a month to practice something new, and you bail? You can’t do two hours.”
The Captain gave them the power to pull officers as needed to provide Steve backup on his ‘dates’, and also assigned a profiler to their team to step in after Tony left. As much as he hated leaving, Tony could admit that despite his first (and second) (and third) impression, Scott Lang surprised him. He spent thirty minutes reviewing Tony’s notes and another hour poring over the data before arriving at a similar conclusion: they were after an insecure man with a fragile ego. A loner in the crowd, a man who thrived on attention and admiration from his peers without any interest or investments in meaningful social connections. Likely a middle-aged man with a wealthy family whose insecurity stemmed from familial comparisons, such as more successful parents, siblings, or cousins, who used attractive sugar babies as quick means of being envied by his peers.
His friends did not disappoint.
Grateful though he was, there was something discomforting about Tony yielding without a fight. Steve tried not let the thought overwhelm him, so while he rubbed one hand over Tony’s shoulders to distract them both, he reached for the phone at his bedside table to make the necessary calls.
He probably had a point, and they probably had ways of making their request less pleasant, but Tony had never been very good with being told what to do.
Twice, he had tried. Twice, he had woken up and learned that none of it mattered. Hydra lived on, and freedom was a failed experiment long abandoned. Around him, lights flashed as landmines tore apart young lives and dreams, and Steve failed to make it matter. He heard them call his name, but nothing he did mattered, he had failed, he had let them die in vain, he let it all die in vain.
“If you do, watch out for the alcohol,” Bruce tacked on to Thor’s suggestion. “Academics are rampant alcoholics, and they kinda set the mood at conferences.”
Sharon looked up from her book at once and hurried to her feet. “Hey, Steve,” she said, brushing off her jeans and fidgeting a little with her book. “I, yeah, I was hoping to find you. I heard what happened yesterday,” she said in a quieter voice, getting right to the point. “I heard what Hawley said to you, and I, well. First: ew, that’s the worst thing I’ve ever heard one person say to another. Two: if you want to press charges, or report her to the department, you, you can count on me.”
That was three months ago.
“Your body,” Steve croaked, still desperate for release after his first taste of Tony’s mouth. Tony blinked down at him in confusion, because that hadn’t even been a complete sentence, but Steve had neither time nor patience to explain. He rolled them over again, throwing Tony down to the mattress, face first.
Tony blinked at him. He hadn’t turned the lights on when they came in, and it took a moment too long for him to realize Steve meant the light coming in through the windows. He rushed across the room to pull down the blinds for the two windows of his studio, then pulled the curtains shut for good measure.
, so good, just like that…”
It could be his first night with Tony, it could be his last. It didn’t matter what it was, but Steve wanted it more than anything. “You’ve worried about me enough, Tony,” he said on their unhurried walk to his bedroom. “Let me show you how grateful a man like me can be.”
“You’re not going to wear anything special for that?”
“Captain,” Tony said with a forced calm as Steve looked around them in growing confusion. “We no longer use physical contact greetings. In fact, we do not share physical contact with people outside of our nuclear family and committed romantic partners.”
“Because if there were, the best of it would be in Tony’s closet,” Steve replied matter of factly. On her side of the work bench, Sharon only hummed softly in agreement.
Tony eyed his brother suspiciously while he chewed his hot dog. His delicious, bacon wrapped hot dog with cream cheese, grilled onions and bell peppers that Clint clearly wouldn’t have made unless he felt guilty about
The video ended with David smiling and waving at the camera to encourage his daughter to do the same. Clutching Mr. Fang to her chest, Harper smiled bashfully at the camera and waved good-bye.
When it was all said and done, neither of them moved. Steve should probably be heading in to take a shower, and Tony could have gone to his room to do anything he needed, but something about being silent together was really soothing Steve’s nerves and frustrations from the day.
- for Tony to simply close his eyes and imagine his Steve. His Steve’s hand skimming over Tony’s inner thigh, his Steve’s strong, dexterous fingers opening Tony up with tender, attentive care of a most devoted lover until Tony was nothing but a sobbing feast to plunder.
The doors burst open as Bucky and Sam elbowed each other through the door, marching in their hurry to get to Steve first without running like losers. Thor and the rest of the Superbro Caucus trailed in behind them, filling the bar and gathering around Steve and Carol’s stools like a broclipse, or a Superbro Curtain that obscured Steve and Carol from the rest of the bar.
“I’ve been trying!” Steve insisted, grumbling to himself in his frustration. “This whole dating game is not my scene; if I don’t get him into bed soon, I don’t stand a chance.”
“There’s a theater in my neighborhood that is hosting a week-long tribute to the best of Michael Keaton,” Steve replied in a perfectly normal, steady voice. “They’re showing Batman Returns and the Night Shift tonight.”
Back in the real world and safe from Tony’s inner turmoil, Steve—gentle, mild-mannered Steve who took Tony at his word—frowned in sympathy. “Then we need to figure out who they were. They’re not government agents, I’d bet the farm on that.”
When the phone rang, Tony reached for it on instinct. He couldn’t think, he couldn’t speak, he only went through the motion of connecting the phone and holding it to his ear.
Still, when he returned to the bedroom, clean and
While Tony was thrilled to be at CERN, little made him happier than the random pictures Steve would send him from his daily adventures. Every time Tony’s phone buzzed with an incoming message his skin would tingle in anticipation. Sometimes Steve sent him photos of a small painting in progress from the mountain side, other times a selfie with a friendly cow he met on one of his hikes. Once it was a group photo with a small gaggle of school children who started following him around a museum with questions about art, architecture, and America.
“We had a really small budget, start to finish it was three weeks, but I’ll never forget that set. Everyone on the cast and crew were either immigrants or children of immigrants,” Tony told Stephen, because it was so remarkable it was worth saying. “The diversity and excitement was unlike anything I’ve experienced. People with stories from all around the world were there to make this happen because we love this country, and we love the potential and optimism we see here. And you couldn’t tell this story without people who know what it’s like to be outsiders in their own country.”
The reason for Rhodey’s concern became clear the moment Tony slid out of the saddle. He landed on unsteady legs, and seemed to stand upright through sheer will-power alone. By the time he wove and wobbled his way to the edge of the enclosure around, Steve was waiting for him, quick to put his arm around him and help lead Tony away from the thrilled, drunk crowd.
“Very much alive,” Steve promised.
Steve lifted Tony’s cock in one big paw, pressing it against his belly to encourage the other masters to inspect his prize organs more closely. They lost no time crowding in close around Tony’s naked body, thumbing at his testicles and petting his mostly concealed cock. As they grew increasingly confident in their touches, Steve stepped back, and Tony could feel their coarse fingers probing at his puckered hole and scratching down his thighs, raising red lines over his skin as they pulled and toyed with the only profitable fucking hole Tony’s body had to offer.
Bucky grunted in sympathy, then sighed to himself. “Dead end.”
These final moments in the car en route to the airport would be his final moments of peace in a life that was his own, by his rules. The thought of losing his agency again terrified him, so he sat in meditative silence for as long as that car ride afford him, breathing through his rising panic.
“...you have your keys, right?”
The concierge arranged for a cab to take them somewhere well recommended, not that either of them had been there before. All Tony had asked for was a place with good food and a nice view of the city.
Managing to fully seating the canister in Tony’s body left the student emboldened to do worse. His earlier timid tip-toeing was forgotten, and he thrust the canister harder and deeper into Tony’s ass with every turn, coring out his body without giving him a chance to adjust. At first Tony tried to hang on, to dig his fingers into the cushions, grit his teeth, and wait for the pleasure to consume him, but it wouldn’t come. The pain was too overwhelming, and the longer he waited, the worse it felt. The student bore into him without mercy, delighting in Tony’s weeping protests as he tried to twist around and reach the harvester’s thrusting arm, tried anything to stop him.
“Listen, the stuff we’ve seen you two do in the trailers so far, it is absolutely
Unaware of Steve’s state, Tony continued his exploration, sucking big, wet kisses down the cording muscle of Steve’s neck, and licking out the hollowed notch between his collarbones. Steve shuddered under him, earning himself soft words of praise, until Tony reached his chest.
After a long day actively engaging with others, being ‘on’ and speaking to strangers from morning through the evening, they had shut their door on the world and fell into bed together. Steve only slept on his back, so he stretched out and pulled Tony in close. They slotted together like two halves of a whole, Tony tucked under Steve’s arm and his cheek resting on Steve’s chest. Steve barely had the energy to speak anymore, but the presentations and conversations from the day had left him with so many questions. All he could do now was ask them quietly into Tony’s soft hair between chaste kisses and the absent touch of his fingers drawing figures over Tony’s back.
“Many of his changes are for the improvement of society, James Barnes,” Tony insisted, “there are no diseases, no maternal or infant mortality—unlike the 21st, we respect human life, gender and sexual orientation are no longer of concern. All children have families. Emotional health is equally important as physical health.”
“I know that look, Tony,” Steve warned him, biting his lip in an effort not to outright grin about it. “The kids’ll be back any minute—”
At least, he was on the right track. He could do this.
“We’re going to get caught and turned into the police,” Steve grumbled to himself while he systematically made his way along the walls and behind paintings, feeling for any grooves or inconsistencies that might give a safe away. “This is not an acceptable reason to go to prison, Tony.”
“I swear,” Steve promised with no less devotion than on the day of their wedding. “For me it will only ever be you, mein Schafes.”
“Officer Jane Foster, what a relief! There are no clothes available for Captain Steve Rogers, and none available to purchase that respect his measurements. He requires an escort to the tailor for evening attire fit to dine with our distinguished Governor, and delivery directly to Taco Bell at six o’clock. Would you be able to do this for me?”
“No different than before, ma,” Steve assured her, lest she get excited about a reunion. “We call once, twice a month. He moved to Geneva two months ago, now the time difference is weird. We’re just friends.”
“This is for me,” Steve whispered, as if that made it better. He lifted Tony just enough to reach into his own clothes and free his cock, then lined them up so he could pull Tony down, impaling him inch for inch.
“We have arrived,” Tony whispered, stepping away from the ladder to give Steve room to stand. A small ledge allowed them to walk beside the sloshing river of sewage without ruining the polished shine of their boots. Aside from the ladder, there was no other light source in the tunnel.
you’re not busy?”
“Good, then that’s settled,” Steve decided with a relieved smile. He pressed another kiss to Tony’s hair before stepping away, taking the shirt with him as he walked back into his closet to dig out the ironing board.
After a lifetime of wondering how or if he’d ever break away out of Howard’s shadow, his conversation with Normark had been a wake-up call in more ways than one.
The students wasted no time filing out of the lecture room, and Steve packed up quickly to go see his friend. He’d already kicked himself multiple times for not asking her name or for her number, because he was pretty sure if anyone would be a great addition to the Tuesday night hang outs at the Beauty Oasis, it would be her.
Steve huffed a tired, rueful laugh. “Do they just put you on the spot? Is that normal?”
“Thank you, Lila,” Rhodey replied with a smile. They switched positions and while Lila rolled out Rhodey’s failed dough again, Rhodey picked up a knife to start cutting Lila’s mostly okay rope into short circles.
Tony stared at his water bottle for a few moments, pursing his lips in thought. Then, with a cautious hope, he looked up to meet Steve’s eyes.  “Did you mean it?” he asked carefully, as if the thought itself was frightening. “What you said to, uh—Dr. Odinson, about why, why you’re willing to do this? Be in a relationship with me.”
“You look great today!” the computer said after Brock selected Ego Boost.
He was slowly talking himself into bundling up in the reading nook for the rest of the day where he could enjoy the flowers when a black car pulled up beside him on the street and rolled along at his pace.
ommmggggggg my body is READY!!!! You think he’s gonna get married with his regular butt? NO. IBD THIS IS DEF CON 5: WE ARE LEVELLING UP TO HONEYMOON BOOTY!!!!
Steve had barely understood Tony’s words before Tony started tugging on the waistband of his boxers. Steve lifted his hips without a second thought, helping Tony pull his underwear down and off his legs, leaving his straining, hard cock exposed.
“Mom, I’m pretty sure that won’t—” Steve tried to explain, but again his response was ignored. While she continued her stream of questioning, Steve sat down at his kitchen table with a quiet sigh, resigned to the realization that this was a monologue and not a conversation. He set the phone down on the table on speakerphone, and just tried to enjoy his drink.
Tony laughed at the question, and he gave Steve a look so amused and so adoring that Steve realized Tony had probably been expecting the question all week. “Thought you’d never ask,” he whispered, then, in a less teasing tone of voice, he explained. “So, we’ve observed a number of animals penis fencing in the wild, but their implication is not always clear. Like, I don’t really know why whales penis fence, because it’s hard to observe them. Bonobos do it, but bonobos just use sex for everything, so that’s usually too ambiguous even with context,” Tony said with a little shrug, because really, sex for bonobos was like oxygen.
Survivors, after all, were of all ages.
“I, um,” Sharon stammered, her gaze immediately falling to the Starbucks cup Steve had turned around for her. Sure enough, there was a short, enthusiastic message and phone number written in Sharpie. Color rose in Sharon’s cheeks and for the first time that morning, she was demonstrably flustered.
“...is this,” he whispered, clumsily shuffling through the photos to get to the photograph of how Nick Giordani was found. Why had he written spanking into that scene? Red cuts down the back of Giordani’s legs aggressively mimicked the use of sharpened spurs, but Tony never wrote anything so violent. He wasn’t tame, but he sure as hell didn’t write non-consensual scenes.
But instead of spending the rest of his time wishing his flight had been scheduled earlier in the morning, Steve distracted himself by looking back over the IBD posts from the Cannes festival earlier in the year. Tony had nearly made Steve weep at the vision he made in his tuxedo. It had been a classic style, something that theoretically should have allowed him to anonymously walk the carpet on Steve’s arm and blend into the waves of other men in black and white tails as needed, but it was still Tony. His buoyant laugh, his loving eyes. And fortunately, every time Steve stared too long and forgot what he was supposed to do, Tony had been the steady reminder that kept him moving.
to be seen in public together!" He laughed, smile wide on his face. "We can't stop making everything about us..."
He couldn't bear looking at his boyfriend right now, he couldn't bear the look in his eyes, he couldn't bear the hatred and the violence in them, so he looked away. Just like he looked away every time his father took it out on him when he was a kid. He looked away and waited, waited for it to be over.
Steve looked down, playing with his fingers nervously. He wavered on his feet, a rush of heat invading his body at the sound of Tony's soothing voice. "I guess I am, a bit."
It was said in a way that eased the tension pervading in the room. Everyone laughed, encouraged by Tony's apparent nonchalance and good mood.
Everyone stared excitedly at him, asking for more.
Something indescribable flashed through Tony's eyes before he chuckled and showed him a fixed grin.
Steve's lighter tone unclenched something in him and the joke was just plenty silly but it suited Steve so well. Tony felt a sudden surge of love and admiration for his boyfriend. Captain America, what a stupid nickname... Had he come up with that himself? When did that happen? He didn't even remember. He barely remembered anything from the past six hours or so. He just laughed because he could picture Steve, in all his glorious heroism, wrapped up in the American flag, saving he day. His heart tingled with childish worship. "Can you blame me?" He said in a light chuckle.
Tony shivered at the threatening tone of the man. " I don't." He choked out, whisperingly. A painful memory of his first boyfriend flashed through his mind. Something twinged in his chest.
Tony snorted. "Let's go! If you want... I'm starving."
Tony knew better than try to provoke Howard with futile acts of rebellion. He was too old for aimless teenage impertinence. Shut his mouth and look down was the best move right now. Even so... it was for Steve. And Steve would never be such a coward. Steve would never be anyone's puppet. Tony could do better.
"I was happy to fall." Tony cuts him short.
Tony let out a long sigh and wiped his face with his right hand, the left one still clutched the glass of brandy. "I'm fine, Steve." He rasped. This time the anger  was gone from his tone, only remained the bitterness and the exhaustion. "Everything's fine."
James's grayish blue eyes twinkle with gratitude and lust alike. He keeps silent, expression almost melancholic.
That was the sharp tone of the voice that stirred him out of it and brought him back to reality. For a moment he thought he was dead and felt blessed. For a moment he thought he had always been wrong, that death wasn't just nothingness. He wondered what awful treatment awaited him now, if heaven really existed then, surely, hell would be the place he was going to.
Except, there was a reason why omegas were not allowed to leave on their own. They were—
Steve was a bit lost for words. He stared back into his boyfriend's eyes wondering what part of this was the truth and what part was total bullshit. His heart was wavering.
"Take care of yourself." Steve specified. "If you know how to fight, then why didn't you?" Steve was sitting now, eyes intent on him, staring defiantly. "Why did you let them treat you like this?"
Bucky shrugged, looking into space, expression pensive.
He wanted to say he was sorry but he didn't. He just settled for a hug and wrapped his arm around the Omega's shoulder silently.
"When have I ever said something like this?"
It wasn't the first time Tony got things thrown at him. His father had always had this nasty habit, except his didn't miss his shots. Tony had a little scar right underneath his left eye, inconspicuous if you didn't know about it, remainder of a pair of scissors that almost blinded him once. His mind started drifting away and float out of his own body, escaping. He could see Steve spewing at him but couldn't hear the words. He could only see his boyfriend's mouth moving uglily on his distorted features and his own pitiful form, huddled on itself, cowardly.
The alpha turned him on his stomach and rolled him around the bed. His feet touching the floor, his knees buckling against the mattress, he gets drilled onto the bed, the alpha pounding so hard into him, thighs smacking against his buttcheeks until he spurts his warm come inside, deep inside and blows up like an inflated balloon, invading his wombs.
"So what about you, Tony?" Sam suddenly asked with much more defiance in his tone that he let everyone show. Steve felt mad at him. He knew Sam had always been wary of Tony but seriously, that wasn't the time nor the place to push him into a corner.
"Nah..." Steve said while shaking his head. "I can totally get hammered to that charity thing if I want to, and for free. Besides, you did make me buy this for the occasion, remember?" He pulled on his brand new tuxedo that Tony assured him suited him very well but in which he felt extremely uncomfortable. "I might as well put it to good use now."
With JARVIS's help, he prepared a tray with food and coffee and rode the elevator down to the workshop. To his surprise, the walls were entirely made of see-through glass, unbreakable glass he supposed, and Steve could distinguish the shape of someone resembling Tony in the middle of the huge area filled with marvelous things, each more incredible than the next. Steve had been completely amazed in the Malibu mansion but this had nothing to do with the small—in comparison—workshop in Malibu. His heart twinged when he saw the focused stance of his boyfriend. With a racing heart and weak knees, he observed from behind the glass doors, tray forgotten in his hands. He almost dropped the thing before remembering why he had come down in the first place. He put the tray down, after JARVIS told him he was denied the entrance again, and hit the walls, calling out for Tony. He did so for five minutes at least, before realizing that the walls were completely soundproofed and there was no way Tony could hear anything.
"It used to be my sanctuary." Tony went on. "The only place where I felt safe, where I felt....
His boyfriend was ruthless and if Steve was being honest, it turned him on but... there was something a little wrong about it. Something that lingered at the back of his head and pooled at the bottom of his stomach. Tony spat again, into Steve's ass, which made him gasp and shiver with want. Then he spat onto his own cock and spread it all around, smoothing the slide. Soon he was pounding hard and relentlessly into Steve, hand covering his mouth. Steve indulged in it at first. Each thrust sending spikes of electrifying pleasure in his entire body but then it became more pain than pleasure and Steve cringed and keened as he heard Tony's thighs smacking against his own after he had grabbed his waist with both hands for better leverage. Tony probably realized because at some point he mumbled an insincere "sorry" and slowed down, grabbing Steve's dick to make him come.
"T'Challa had to go to Europe." Steve justified, "I didn't dump him like a piece of shit."
"What you need is a kick in the butt." Steve replied drily. "You haven't been even slightly helpful this morning." He added teasingly.
There's nothing alpha about him. There's nothing people think an alpha is supposed to be like about him, at least. That's fine with him. Very fine. He wants to major in literature next year anyway, he has nothing to prove. Very few alphas choose this path. No-one is going to look twice at him. He has changed his mind about a lot of things though, and has been thinking a lot. He's been starting to get interested in gender-related issues, go to meetings, support the omega liberation cause. He will have to admit that it has a little to do about him but a lot to do with Tony, however. Tony has been secretly going to those meetings since he has been allowed to leave his house. Happy and Jarvis are in the know and support him entirely, he's lucky to have them. His parents are way too traditional for someone like Tony. He doesn't fit in their mindset, sadly. Steve's mum has been very supportive however, of every choice he has recently made. Of
Tony gave him a proud smile and took his hand. They both entered the kitchen and the dining area. It was much more practical and much less opulent, although very spacious, than the kitchen area in both the Malibu mansion and the house in 5th Avenue. Steve noticed the table was set and dinner was ready, just needed to be heated. It smelt delicious even if Steve knew Tony probably hadn't touched anything from that kitchen to make dinner. He had people for that, he suspected. Not that Steve regretted Tony's cooking that much. He unfortunately had the opportunity to taste it once or twice and that hadn't always been a happy discovery. Not that Steve was much better though. He squeezed his boyfriend's hand in appreciation while Tony babbled about tonight's menu.  He hadn't stopped talking since they had come in. He was nervous. Steve was barely listening. He had become good at pretending he was over the years. He had acquired a sharp selective ear.
Steve startled, even though he did know what to expect. The odds of such an advanced technology always disconcerted him despite his wild imagination and propensity to visualize the future. Tony had always been too many steps ahead in this department.
Tony loses his words, caught off guard. "That's not the point."
Howard burst out laughing, arms still crossed on his chest. "And what plans of yours exactly are worth jeopardizing a three million dollars contract?"
"I saw you rushing out with a crestfallen face." Tony answered nonchalantly. "I thought you might need a friend."
Steve turned his head back and stared at him, just enough to see the sheepish smile on his lips. "Fine! You've got five minutes."
Bucky swallows and pauses before talking again, voice a little hoarse. "The only thing I know of is that you're scared..." he says, sounding sympathetic. "I know you've already been pregnant, Steve. Don't even think I wouldn't know about it."
and Tony slept for about forty-eight hours straight.
thought that too, especially after I lost my job."
"What?"
Steve cocked his head forward and opened wide eyes. "Why would I wanna go with you?"
Steve with an iron stake, a tiny ball of rage with the will to wipe out the villains off the surface of the earth. Tony must be hallucinating. He felt like laughing out loud. He could barely move though. He leant against the wall, he thought he did anyway. He didn't really remember why he was here or how it had happened. A man grabbed him by the hair and turned his face to him, drawing a lewd whimper out of him. The gesture surprised him and he started to laugh cluelessly.
He pouted, although it really didn't matter anymore, and averted his eyes because the rejection had stung a little rather than out of frustration. Tony finally got up and headed for the bathroom. Steve had already given up on morning sex and set out to get ready for breakfast.
"You're gonna be exhibited at the MoMA." He finally said with so much pride in his voice, Steve felt a twinge in his heart. "This is amazing."
The aftermath of it really crushed him down however. He felt something cold and distressing spreading up in his chest, his good old friend anxiety creeping up and overwhelming. For a moment he stared dejectedly at his screen, distraught, unable to move.
Steve instantly drops on his knees and whimpers in want. He still tries to look at the alpha but his silent glares and the nod he gives into Bucky's direction tells the omega exactly what he's supposed to do and he crawls between the alpha's legs, right next to him.
In truth, he didn't know exactly how he felt about that. The idea that Tony Stark had come to his rescue was quite a nice thought to have. And yet something bothered him about it. Some misplaced pride, perhaps. Steve might be on the short side—and currently being bullied by half the school—but he was no damsel in distress. And the fact that someone like Tony Stark, who was definitely not known for his empathetic tendencies would come and rescue him seemed to say a lot about his ability to defend himself. And he felt a little pathetic, beside feeling hot all over.
"How may I assist you, Mr Rogers?"
He's partly horny, partly amused and his smiling breath tickles Steve's neck at first but soon, the omega's ministrations start sparkling desire through Steve's body. Bucky likes to tease and keeps kissing the sensitive skin of his neck, biting him softly, sending spikes of pleasure through him. Heat starts pooling at the bottom of his stomach. Steve gets easily hard and Bucky's grip on his hips is strong, his hands run up and down his sides, growing more intense and eager. Bucky wriggles behind him, snuggling and grinding against his back. He keeps nuzzling into his neck and Steve starts humming, getting intoxicated with the heady smell of omega arousal permeating the room. He leans into the touch and closes his eyes, dropping his head back on the omega's shoulder. He lets himself go limp into his embrace, body on fire. Bucky's hard-on is poking at his lower back.
The rest of it was kinda of blurry in Tony's head. He had absences and struggled to remember. Nothing he wasn't used to. Not remembering generally meant great things happened. He did know he had been dancing. He knew that a bunch of guys had touched him with grabby hands. He thought he did the same. He was pretty sure he made out with a cute guy, maybe two, that seemed to be more or less his age, rare enough to be mentioned. He thought he jerked one of them off on the dance floor and was fairly confident the other returned the favor, only because he had come in his pants and hoped someone had helped. He could count it as one, couldn't he? Tony probably tasted him on his fingers afterwards anyway. Seven down, sixteen more.
If only that were true.
He chuckled. "I've had long and lonely nights in this apartment." He justified amusedly.
The kiss had been short though and now Tony looked at Steve with uncertainty in his eyes. "I'm sorry." He said, genuinely apologetic. "I should have asked you before doing something like that. I didn't know you wanted to keep it down-low for now."
"Shall we have a swimming pool too?" Steve joked.
The glass was suddenly cold in his hand so he snapped out of it. He drank a swig and felt the sweet fizzy liquid tingle his throat. "What is this?" He asked while looking at his glass funny.
Tony and her have learnt how to be alpha together. He didn't have much clue about it either. It all took them by surprise, this pack thing. A nice and comforting surprise, though. The kind that you never expected, that surrounds you protectively like a warm and gentle embrace.
to take, to fuck or do whatever he wants with. How horrific is that? He put his seeds in him and now they share something nothing can take away from them.
He thrust in, without warning.
His expression was gentle and his eyes were soft, though intent on Steve. "I'm Tony." He whispered softly, a tinge of self-confident determination in his words. He held his hand to Steve who didn't reach for it, too confused by the warmth spreading in his chest at the sound of new guy's voice.
Steve!" Tony refused angrily. "You're not moving in out of
"Yeah, I need to do something about this... Can't let you ruin all those months of effort. JARVIS?" He shouted out toward the ceiling. "I need to know where Tony hides his fail-safe packs of cigarette and get rid of them urgently, it's a matter of health. Will you help me with that?"
The thought resonated in his mind however and he suddenly remembered the limo parked outside the school when he came in this morning. No. Impossible. Not in that neighborhood. Not in that school. Still, the thought was dizzying, and not in a good way.
Tony laughed. "To New Jersey?" He asked, staring intently at Steve for confirmation. Steve rolled his eyes and sighed. "I knew it!" Tony exclaimed. "I knew that trip had meant something..." He bit his lips, trying to repress a smile, but Steve could see the intense emotions pooling in his eyes.
"It was great, although a cinematographic adaption can never truly do justice to Steve's work."
Steve hummed in response. They had dated for three years before Steve moved in with his boyfriend. Even four if you counted that one year they were dating without knowing they were. All these years they had spent most of their time together in Steve's place and yet it didn't feel home like the penthouse did. Steve cherished those memories but he wasn't particularly attached to this place. It was just a place, like any other. A place he had been sleeping and eating at, chilling out and fucking at times but nothing more.
Tony looked at the man and wondered if he had blabbered despite himself.
"You'll get over it." Steve replied bluntly as he was already starting to empty his cupboards. "Just like
"But?"
"A lot of them were, though..." Clint interjected. "Should we make a list?"
"Oh yeah?" Steve answered Bucky, ignoring the Beta and staring into the alpha's eyes teasingly. "Not even an omega?" He chuckled, seductive and leant closer, brushing his ear with his parted lips. "You think I can't seduce you?" He smiled dangerously, provocative. "I think I can. It's biology. Wanna try? You're gonna know who Steve Rogers really is."
submissive." He said while serving some salad onto the plates.
"Lover boy again, I bet." Bucky added with a smirk.
"Fucking finally!" Tony grumbled.
there..." Pepper reminded him. "And I'm fine skipping the drinking fest altogether. You just want me there as emotional support because all of Steve's friends are gonna be there and you're having kittens."
"Definitely! You're getting more handsome by the day, darling." He teased and then protested. "That's so
Steve felt a blush of shame creeping on his face and hide it in his hands again. "Noooo." He protested. "That's not what I meant, I just..."
"I've always known." Tony answered with an impassive tone but his hand reached Steve's cheek and brushed it gently and he kissed him again, a soft smile on his lips.
"What are you doing here?" Steve frowned in annoyance.
Tony wants to fuck him again right against the tiles but he decides James deserves a bed for their second time so he refrains until the showering session is over and James comes in his mouth. He's not worried. He knows about James's sex-drive, super-soldier and all. The omega is slick and vulnerable and so ready to take his knot again.
cute." Bucky joked, laughing goofily.
Steve can't see anything but trouble. Having heats again means living in permanent fear again. Of being pregnant, of losing control, of losing his free will, of... Of being
here, and yet he does somehow. It's a complicated thing.
this."
He bit his lips and locked his eyes into Steve's. Steve felt his heart skip.
"I wasn't raped." Tony repeated, annoyedly. "My boyfriend is just jealous. He'd rather have me raped than accept that I had fun without him. He can't stand that I like it rough." He said curtly. "He doesn't understand."
"Aren't you disappointed that Iron Man was made the bad guy here, the one who created the evil they needed to fight?"
was the reason why Tony had miraculously self-lubricated, he
vanished, swept away in an instant.
"Mama?"
"Also," Steve starts. His eyes twinkle in the moonlight and he's so fucking beautiful at that moment. His smile is splendid. "You don't have to flirt with Loki or Clint to get my attention, you know... 'cause I'm always looking at you."
"I thought we agreed..."  Steve choked out, out of breath, feeling already defeated. Tony's stare was too powerful.
"I think I've hated you as soon as you came in." Bucky said, without being mean about it. "Everything about you, really. From your inadequate outfit to your high-pitched voice. You're were so fucking brash and
Bucky put his sandwich away and sat up. He squinted again. "Really?" He asked disbelievingly.
He shrugged. "Oh... Okay. I'll ask Natasha out, then."
"Fuck you, Clint!" Steve spat before kicking the grass and falling desperately on his butt. He dropped his head in his hands in a mock sobbing and sighed again.
Steve pinched his lips to repress a chuckle and rolled his eyes. "Job first. Reward later." He repeated with a grin spread on his face.
"It's really recent but...we finally decided to give it go. We'll see. We'll always be parents first I think." They shared a knowing smile, eyes plunged into each other's like they were alone in the world. Steve noticed how hard their joined hands squeezed. It was beautiful to see and filled with love and affection.
than Steve.
Tony didn't make it to the backrooms in the end, instead he headed for the bar. He was in a weird mood tonight. Maybe he was aiming too high? It was already past ten thirty, he hadn't achieved a third of his goal and he was already tired. What was wrong with him? He wasn't even hard. He should be after what he had taken. Should he try to find some viagra?
Steve tried to swallow the lump in his throat and failed. He felt agitated and couldn't lie down. "What are you saying, Tony?" He exclaimed. "We weren't even together, then."
Tony earned another slap on the face for his impertinence and was hurriedly pushed down on his knees. Now they could really get down to business. The two other men joined quickly. Soon, Tony had one cock in his mouth and one in each hand.
"No-one does, dear." Nat said sarcastically. "We're just trying to make a point."
Tony looked confused. "What do you mean?"
Steve created FRIDAY in his latest
They all sighed desperately and rolled their eyes. Clint shrugged again and ate his chicken in silence, being ostensibly gross while doing so.
"Are you busy?"
—from anywhere in the house just using your voice.
He waited and the sliding doors finally opened. Steve should feel happy, probably, but his heart was heavy and the lump in his throat made it hard to swallow. He took the tray and walked silently to the area where Tony was hunched up over something that looked mechanical. Steve didn't come too close and put the tray on the first flat surface that was empty enough for it to fit. He wiped his clammy hands on his pants, the sleeves of his flannel curled up at his elbows. Tony didn't move or even acknowledged his presence.
Jane's expression softened. "Well, there was this party..." She started, voice faltering. "Darcy got smashed and started messing around, looking for trouble. I really appreciated how Thor reacted then and what he did. I started to see him in a new light from then on. And I guess, I became more receptive then." She added enigmatically, then she stared down at Thor, a beaming smile on her face, and squeezed his shoulder before sitting down next to him to give him a soft kiss.
"You don't have sex toys?" Steve asked disbelievingly. It was something he had never asked himself, actually, and never bothered to look for in the Penthouse. He just couldn't imagine that Tony Stark wouldn't have at least one or two kinky things hidden in his apartment, even only to play with his sex partners. But then again, on second thoughts, he had difficulty imagining Tony pleasuring himself with a toy and he hardly ever brought his sex partners to his place.
His unsure steps lead him to sit next to Thor who is already chatting with Bucky. One of them he keeps having dirty thoughts about and the other being  quite distant, as usual. Bucky has always been keeping his distance. Not outwardly, he doesn't think Steve ever noticed, but Tony does notice that kind of things. He has always been good at reading people, at seeing their faults even the ones that are well hidden. He thinks it might be a self-protecting skill of some sort... and Bucky has always been kind of hostile. Not the same way Sam is, Sam is just being a protective friend. It's more insidious. Bucky sees him like a competition, like the guy who stole his best friend—slash—sex buddy—slash—lover away from him. Although, it might also have something to do with Steve's first birthday. Tony isn't sure but he can tell that Bucky has been wary of him from day one and is still suspicious, sometimes ostensibly antipathetic. Steve is really the only one here who's so naive as to think Tony gets along well with all of his friends.
Another reflective pause. "Mr Rogers shouldn't bother." The AI finally said impassively.
Every time Tony looks at him he can only see the invisible shackles around his neck and his wrists. James is here, with him, taking care of him because he doesn't have anywhere else to go, because without him he's nothing and no-one and he doesn't deserve a life. If he makes sure Tony eats everyday it's because they have daughter and Felicia bounds them for the rest of their lives in a way that neither of them can escape.
Pepper let out another long sigh. "I don't know, sweetheart." She whispered in her sweetest voice. "Just go naked if you want and see if I care. It's not like you ever asked my opinion on how to dress every time you went to fuck him behind my back, right? I'm certain you can figure this one out yourself. Enjoy your date."
"Actually," he croaks out, "I could do with another drink but..."
Tony laughed. "I
As predicted. Tony had only needed to hear the tone of his voice and the way he uttered his name when he answered his phone to know. He sighed but mustered up the courage to open his mouth anyway.
Steve felt something clench inside. It was almost painful. "You never called me though..."
"I see... Is that something that you do? I heard you're not the type to settle down." His words are purposely hoarse and husky. He lowers his voice and gives Loki his most innocent gaze, never letting go of his eyes. "I like that." He adds, scooting closer and grabbing his shirt possessively. He is sliding his fingers down along the lapel, brushing the man's slender torso in the process. Loki's smile is fond, a glimpse of something sorrowful runs across his eyes however, but Tony is much too drunk to pay attention. And maybe he doesn't care one bit.
Steve sulked. "Not that much actually," he said in a shrug. "He's rather average in fact, on the big side of average but still smaller than you. You don't even remember that?"
"Okay. Rectification. A
Knot. Knot. Knot.
And he was, actually, two years
"What?"
He ignored it. Life sucked enough as it was.
The boy's smile died down quickly but for all that he didn't lose his composure and didn't seem to spare any second of his attention to the flourishing gossip around him, even though he must have known everyone was talking about him. He just pouted contemptuously and quietly paced to his designated table, sending provocative smirks here and there at other students' comments. When they stared too much he stared right back at them until they looked away ashamedly. Steve stared too but he wasn't met with a glare from the brunet, that was the perks of being invisible he guessed. It happened a lot. People didn't notice him. He was too small, too average, too insignificant. It had its advantages sometimes, like today. He could ogle at the boy to his heart's content. And he happened to be the perfect distraction Steve needed today.
It was a lie. He was, very much indeed, familiar with Baron Zemo's pseudo-theories on Steve's work. The guy was one of his most fervent fans. An out-and-out supporter and critic of
And he felt hot. Warmth pooling in his stomach and churning his guts. And his eyes burned with desire, wantonly undressing the alpha, meaning to disturb his imperturbable concentration.
Steve crying made him want to cut his wrists.
Steve felt himself cringe at the pang in his chest. He reached out to his boyfriend and curled his fingers around his crossed forearm. Tony lifted his eyes, staring at him sidelong, no smile brightening his sullen face.
"Are you gonna get off your ass and help me clean up, for once?" Steve snapped back.
He hovered his fingers over his hole, he could feel the cum and the blood slip out of him and felt his bile rush up his throat. He felt Obie's pervy, disgusting hands on him again, he grabbed the invisible shackle around his neck. Even now he could still feel it, unbreakable, inescapable. Nothing could take the filth off of him. It was ingrained in himself. Being Obie's bitch was all he was good for, everything he deserved. He didn't deserve Steve.
gentle loving touches. Steve taught him. He taught him everything and tenderness grew more and more important in their sex life. They're pretty vanilla, he realizes. He never thought it was boring though.
The alarm clock was torture. Steve had barely slept two hours and the prospect of his day to come just depressed him even before it began. He stirred from under the covers, unconsciously searched for Tony's presence next to him and stretch his tired arm toward his side of the bed but found no Tony, just the still warm shape of him on the mattress and his familiar scent. Not unusual, Tony always woke up earlier than him—almost always—but this morning Steve felt particularly anxious about Tony's absence. Steve had felt his boyfriend's body spasm all night long. He grumbled, moving his limbs was an utter ordeal, they were as heavy as anvils. His head hurt like hell, and yet he
The omega starts shivering with want. Steve props himself on all four and hauls himself on the bed. His slicked up fingers slide down the leaking shaft and press further down, tracing around the omega's pulsing rim. Steve breaches in, the omega keens frustratingly, fucking himself on Steve's finger. His cock jolts in the air, leaking precum.
Steve chuckled. "And if it doesn't anymore then, I trust you not to throw me out on the streets."
Tony's smile faded embarrassingly. He bit his lips anxiously, running the tip of his tongue on his bottom lip. A glimpse of something dark flashed through his eyes.
"How about a cookie?" Tony said with a grin, relievingly changing the conversation.
Having heats when you already have a pup with your alpha is different. It is more grounded, less urgent, but all the same passionate and electrifying. It burns slowly and inflames you with softness.
Tony immediately answers, without looking up. "can't."
Tony did smile at the joke for a moment—Steve is a little shit—and wondered how the Omega could have managed to draw his pouty face so well on a doodle but then Captain America's position, though innocent in that drawing, reminded him too much of why they were all miserable. Maybe that was Steve ironizing about the situation, and frankly, knowing him that wouldn't be a surprise, but in the end, all he felt was an acute pain in his chest.
"You don't sound surprised." He inquired, a bit unsettled.
He turns to him questioningly. Clint smiles gently at him and shakes his head. "You keep staring at your boyfriend like you're carrying the world's misery on your shoulders, as if you guys had already broken up." Tony opens wide eyes. Was he that obvious? "Stop thinking that you're not enough, Tony. Because I can tell you that this guy over there," he points at the four men chatting livelily in the living room with his own drink in hand, "swears only by you."
Neither of them had taken their scent-confusers and Tony's scent was so entrancing, enrapturing and dizzying. It was slow because they had all the time in the world. Tony was looking at Steve with so much love and trust, and
"No one can see up here." Steve answered.
He wanted to say something about it but refrained, for fear of Tony's reaction to his overbearing concern, so he shut his mouth and made a mental note to talk about it later when Tony was in a better mood.
Natasha gave him an enigmatic smile and nodded slowly. "He shall be here for dinner."
He wouldn't be able to get away with it with a joke, either. Bad timing obviously.  Speaking of... What time was it? Tony had no idea. Steve must be exhausted... Understandable.
Who knew bonding was the answer to
went after him.
Tony bit his bottom lip one last time, letting his teeth slide softly and seductively on his swollen skin, hazy eyes following Steve regretfully while he climbed down his lap and skirted around the couch to start with the huge bookcase fixed to wall.
Steve shrugs. He's becoming short of arguments.
Steve exclaimed indignantly but couldn't truthfully find it in his heart to be really angry at him right now. "I can't believe you'd use that to get into my pants."
"You fucking bunch of hypocrites!!!" Steve shouted, not looking back at them and shoving his middle finger in the air.
"Are these yours?" Tony said, looking quite amazed, to be honest.
Howard gave him an affectionate tap on the cheek and stared at him firmly, raising an eyebrow and showing Tony a self-satisfied smile. "Now, this is what you're gonna do," he kept on, tone cold and inflexible. "You're gonna call that girlfriend of yours, tell her you've got a family emergency—it always works—and fulfill your duty as my son and rightful heir of this company. This is what I've paid your tuitions for, after all..." He added on a more down-to-earth note. Howard perversely liked to guilt-trip Tony and constantly remind him everything he owed his parents. He wasn't even surprised. "Make me proud, Tony. I know you can do it." He said softly with a gentle, falsely concerned tone. "This is not by chance that you were born into this family, son. You're destined to do great things, like all of us. You're brilliant." Howard never complimented him, that was a sick joke to do it now, Tony thought, he had already surrendered. His father must really enjoy twisting the knife into the wound, force Tony down on his knees and hold his head down under his boot, to make sure he soundly broke him. "This is why you
"You're not having sex with anyone else, Tony. Stop pretending like you do." Steve sound grave suddenly, and perceptive. And so much better a person than Tony ever was. Steve has forgiven him. He still hasn't. Nor him, neither himself.
was his dad and that was quite a while ago.
He felt so cold suddenly. Cold and terrified and alone. And Steve just stood there, petrified. "Of course not," he muttered, sounding horrified.
and they will love you."
"Liar."
He felt the urge to laugh again. It was so
and the next, the word
Steve nodded and Tony led them to the boys' rooms. They were both giggling as they ran past the bemused students and Tony pushed him inside before slamming the door shut. He pinned Steve against the wall and ran a soft hand down his cheek while staring into his eyes. His giggling turning suddenly into a seductive chuckle. Steve growled, feeling a wave of warmth flushing through his entire body. Tony smiled as he pressed himself against Steve, holding his face gently in his hands, and then he kissed him. So softly. Enough for Steve to lose his breath though. Steve liked when his boyfriend was being forward apparently. He liked it a lot even.
"You scare me sometimes." Steve said.
"Alright alright. Don't freak out." Bucky exclaimed, palms up in the air in an attempt to simmer his hysterical bouts down with his condescending alpha air. It just enraged him. "Let's not get over our heads. You don't fucking know yet. Why don't you try figuring out what kind of person you like first?"
"Hundreds of millions, Steve. That's hardly small beer, for anyone. I don't have that kind of cash. SI's money's not mine. It's for investment, and research, and functioning. I can't just throw it away on a whim."
Steve smiles and his features relax. Tony can smell his anxious thoughts ebbing away. His heart is beating fast and loud and Tony can hear it and feel it as if it was his own. Maybe it was. Maybe they had one heart for. Maybe that was what being bonded meant.
I mean that was... He was
" He admitted. "Who else?"
that guy, after all? What if he hated it? And why did he feel so dirty when Steve was looking at him like that?
The fire in Tony's eyes flared.
Bucky squinted and studied him with a skeptical expression. "And you say this because...?"
, dad." Tony shouted and he sounded a little too much like he was asking for permission. "I've made them
"I think that's when I really started to have feelings for you. Even though I was still a bit conflicted."
Tony's smile died down and Steve felt internally amused at his startled face. He regained his composure soon enough and grinned widely. "No-one ever complained." He muttered, a smug expression of his face. "Why would you say that anyway?"
"I'll do without the pool, but not the training room."
Tony turned to him and smiled teasingly again. "It's barely early September, babe. It's
Steve answered with a shy, worried smile. There was still something about that party that bothered him.
He has two omegas and instead of protecting them he hurt them.
and eager to discover his living space. Steve had a vague idea about how his boyfriend acted in the privacy of his home but, to be honest, he had never seen him
Steve snarled and snapped his teeth up at Tony before returning to wiggling on the ground.
He was exhausted, and he wanted a drink, and he want to
“This is awesome,” Rhodey said. Tony was just grateful he hadn’t said
“Come on, Tones,” Rhodey said from behind the thick balaclava. His voice was muffled and his breath fogged the air in front of him.
Iron Man wore red. Red was a great look on Tony. It matched really well his skin tone.
(Had Steve carried him out of a building? He thought so, remembered in kaleidoscope fragments being insensate on the floor, the scent of smoke, Captain America’s arms supporting his knees and back. He remembered being carried down a fire escape.
“Go,” Steve said, “I’ll be right behind you.”
Tony explained with a hint of a glare in his voice. He finally dropped back to all fours, and then walked underneath Steve, apparently just to be obtuse. He knocked his head against Steve’s ribs on the way through, and then continued up the road in a saunter, tail up.
Tony looked around at the state of his office. “I know.”
long. He’d just made some laps, and chased that rabbit for a while, and barked at that stupid squirrel taunting him from the trees, and rolled in the grass.
“I asked you to stay!” The words thundered in the lab space in sharp cracks. Tony realized he’d yelled and snapped his teeth shut. He didn’t yell. Ever. He took a few breaths – it was just because he was tired.
“Yeah, well you’re not very nice some-” It took Tony hunching up in a fighting stance to make Steve realize that the voice had been someone else’s. He spun to put himself between the sputtering cat and the intruder, and found himself faced with a scarred gray wolf.
Steve surprised them both by coming, untouched, almost immediately, and Tony stuttered to a messy halt while Steve shuddered and clenched around him. Tony held onto Steve’s thighs and tried to think very unsexy thoughts while Steve rode through an orgasm so powerful it almost sounded like he was choking on his own breath.
. His ears twitched back and forth, and his tail drifted slowly downward. He was not in New York, and he was a
Steve blinked at him. “Antonio,” he said, voice a cross between disapproval and discomfort. It seemed that Steve expected to be implicitly obeyed in all universes.
. They fought side-by-side, Steve in his familiar patriotic uniform, Tony in a suit of armor that let him fly. At the end of the fight, Steve would put a hand on his shoulder and call him
Shocked, Steve started, “Tony –”
“What’s the likelihood that Stark’s gonna tear through the truck and kill that purple bastard?” Clint asked idly.
“If getting fucked is what you want, I hope you came prepared for it,” Tony prompted when he’d made it to Steve’s hip. He licked a broad stripe up Steve’s cock and only got a gasp for a response.
Moonlight added, stepping up next to her mate. She was the larger of the pair by far, but ducked her head sweetly to lick at his chin.
Grinning, Tony said, “Problem solved.”
– by his ankle and pull him inside.
“We’ll get you a place off-base if you want. At least until we can get you home.”
With concerted exploration, he found a depressed catch on the underside of his right foreleg, and a raised catch in his groin that he was able to depress with his nose. And okay, how had it not occurred to him yet that he was now perfectly capable of licking his own dick? Once the catch had been pressed, the locks down his spine clicked open –
Even with Riverstones’ tunnel to keep the kittens in a group, herding that many terrified, tired, hungry, and traumatized kittens out of the caves took the rest of the night. The sun was well over the horizon by the time they got the last of them out, and even Steve’s stamina was nearing the breaking point. They took a much longer, but far gentler path down the hill, urging the exhausted kittens around the cliff, and down its shallower incline toward the village.
Steve covered his mouth with a hand that shook faintly. “I can’t believe I – I shouldn’t be here. Please accept my apologies, this was unforgivable of me – ”
Thor plucked at the scraps of Steve’s clothing and pointed out his ‘colorful costume’ –
It was a fair point, but Tony wasn’t in good condition after the protracted fight with Kilgrave’s army of innocent puppets. Kilgrave had drawn Tony away and then surrounded him with a hundred civilians holding guns to their heads. Steve had arrived just as Tony stepped out of the suit, and had to watch as Tony’s eyes flashed violet and he was snared in Kilgrave’s control. Tony lifelessly lifting a gun to his own head had Steve taking his earpieces out, and that was that. Over the intervening hours, they’d been forced to fight their own teammates, and help a very annoyed Kilgrave escape the city. Neither of them had slept in at least forty hours, and putting Tony back into the suit would be a definite risk.
“Steve!” he shouted as he got close, though it came out
Steve bobbed his head.
Steve hesitated for a long moment, but then rolled upright to a chorus of creaking springs, and stood. He crossed the room, and even with the heat gone and the light on, Steve still stopped at his side and wrapped Tony up in his arms. They shared a leisurely kiss, and Tony didn’t even bother to tease him that he was wasting his affection on the wrong Tony. He closed his eyes, and took a moment to breathe against Steve’s lips and pretend that they were both there for each other.
Tony asked without looking at Steve.
When the slabs of still bloody meat were dropped into a wide, shallow box that seemed to serve as something like a table, Tony had only very reluctantly climbed down from his perch to join Riverstones and Steve on the worn cushions. He had found himself patting at the cooked meat like he wanted it to move, and he really
seemed just a little softer, a little kinder. Anthony wouldn’t have survived Gregory, but Anthony had apparently gotten away without a twin. Maybe he’d been smarter than Tony and eaten his twin in the womb. Anthony’s eyes were the kind of expressive that Tony had worked very hard to grind out of his own reflection, and he showed his shock and reluctant interest clearly when they shook hands.
The rat had lead them quite neatly into some kind of giant chamber lit with floating golden lights. Rats lined long stone tables, and the biggest rat of them all sat up on the dais, all staring at them in stunned silence.
He scraped snow off of the icy console, the beam of his flashlight flickering over the solid ice. It lit up a shadow in the depths, a smudge of irregular darkness against the deeper darkness of the console. An unmistakably human-shaped shadow.
“That’s flattering,” Tony decided after a long minute.
The rats were an unending wave, and he didn’t want to leave Steve alone to face the tide, but he could still hear the helpless cries of the kittens under all the clamor.
To his surprise, Steve took it. He twisted the cup between his fingers, and then ducked his head to take a whiff. “I can’t get drunk,” he said finally, but then knocked it back. He winced at the sharpness of it, a shudder running through his entire frame. It wasn’t exactly top-dollar stuff. “Man, that’s awful.”
“Thank you, Tony,” Steve said as he slowly stretched his legs out. “Antonio,” he corrected.
Steve twisted again immediately, but saw nothing except a red and gold blur a moment before a sharp impact drove him backwards. He and Tony rolled into the street in a tangle of clanging metal, and came to rest less than a foot from the spreading nothingness. Cursing, Steve rolled them away. The Iron Man armor was hard to move when Tony wasn’t being helpful, even for Steve. He only managed to roll over the armor and tug it after him, leaving Tony’s weight mostly on his chest.
“This looks like something Bugs Bunny drew on the ground,” Steve said, crouched down in the street to peer into the blackness on the sidewalk. It was an
Tony turned away before Steve could get anything else out. It was bad enough that he’d even managed to
Steve couldn’t manage to answer either of them, and just ended up stuck in a loop of growling and short snarls whenever he needed a breath.
she observed after several moments of nearly-companionable silent travel.
Yawning hugely, Tony sat upright. He took a moment to pat at the armor plating on either arm, resettling some of the overlapping sheets, and then descended gracefully down the rock face with his tail up. He stretched luxuriously down at the bottom, upper body completely disappearing into the grass so that only his armor-plated ass and tail were visible.
“Death is too good for him,” Bucky added in a chilly drawl. With Tony out of eyeshot, Steve finally let Sam drag him over to the armored follow truck. It was an ambulance that had been refitted in black armor plates, but the interior was much the same. Sam followed him into the back while Bucky and Natasha climbed into the big rig, and Clint took the wheel of the truck. Bruce waited inside with a pair of gloves on and a triage kit rolled out beside him, looking decidedly nervous. Steve was distantly angry that they’d brought Bruce within potential striking distance of Kilgrave. The thought of the Hulk under Kilgrave’s control would be enough to give Steve nightmares for decades, but he was just too tired. Bruce gave him a look that crossed somewhere between stubborn resolve and apology. Steve didn’t say anything. He sat down as directed and let Sam cut his uniform away. He tried very hard not to think about Tony with tears in his eyes and a .44 aimed at his chest.
“Where is he?” he repeated.
Steve’s frown took on a note of something concerned. “Tony… we don’t have to do anything.”
sweaty. He struggled out of the sleeping bag and cursed at the cold floor even through two pairs of socks, and squeezed himself into the tiny head. He tried to be grateful that he had a private bathroom and shower, but it was hard to do when he was hung over, freezing, soaked in sweat, and barely had room to turn around between the toilet and the shower stall.
‘Naked on my office floor?’ was not the response Steve needed, though once upon a time, it would have still been the right one. Steve would have pointed out that they weren't completely naked. Tony would have said something cheeky about rectifying his mistake as penance. Tony nodded instead. “We also can’t solve our problems by ruining all of my uniforms. Pretty sure we’re breaking a few dozen regulations here.”
Riverstones said just as Steve made it the top of the hill, scrambling over the edge in a flurry of flailing limbs. Though Steve wanted to collapse on the ground and take a few seconds to breathe, he turned around to watch Riverstones make it up the last few lengths. The smaller dog got his front legs over the lip of the hill and sagged there. Steve grabbed him by the scruff and, despite Riverstone’s warning growls, helped haul him up the last stretch.
Steve split his time between antagonizing Tony while he was sleeping in the sun, and playing with Riverstone’s puppies so the two adults could focus on the massive influx of new mouths. Walker showed up irregularly to leave an animal carcass at the village gates, and usually disappeared before anyone could so much as say thank you.
Tony decided.
“Tony,” Captain America said – Steve, he’d been Steve then. “Don’t do this again.”
Steve didn’t realize he’d squeezed his eyes shut until they cracked open. A full-body convulsion nearly threw him out of the chair. His knee thumped up against the leg of the table and the table jerked marginally to the side.
Steve kept his arms around Tony’s back to control their pace, and that was fine because cuddling during sex was almost as good as cuddling to cuddle. Tony legs were trembling by the time Steve finally pushed his forehead against Tony’s collarbone and shuddered his way through an orgasm, but it gave Tony the perfect excuse to put his arms around Steve’s shoulders and rest his cheek on the top of Steve’s head.
“I’m right here,” Tony screamed in frustration. “I’m right here!”
The cold water made him shout, and his entire body seemed to convulse all at once. For several seconds, his lungs were frozen, and then he sucked in a breath. He was on a deep sea survey vessel that his father had commissioned a decade before. The captain had shown up at his mansion in Upstate New York to ask where his grant money had gone (he hadn’t even known that Dad was dead), and Tony had suited up and gone with him. They were ostensibly searching for the wreckage of
“It’s Dr. Winslow,” she reminded him slowly, and then added, “Emily.”
“It makes more sense,” Tony said, sagging against the hospital bed.
Shaking his head, the captain said, “He’s in lab 2. Mr. Stark… Just go to the medbay.”
Riverstones explained.
Almost immediately, there was a polite knock on the door. Tony took his time refilling his cup, and then opened the door with a grand gesture. The tech on the other side had the good grace to look embarrassed as she rushed into the room and retrieved the spy gear from the dryer. Steve marched in after her with his arms crossed over his chest, and then four other techs arrived to dig out the rest of their gear. Tony had somehow missed one in a picture frame, and another that had been embedded in the ceiling, but he’d gotten most of them.
Nodding jerkily, he followed Fury’s gesture to the vehicle and let a man in black body armor open the door for him.
Another of the dogs joined them. She got a lick on the face from Moonlight, and then was piled with puppies shouting, “Sister!”
knew what was going to happen.
, he said, voice seeming even lower and more gravelly than normal.
“Guess we can talk about this like civilized people now?” Tony mused.
“Do you need to go see the physician?” she asked.
Steve replied fondly.
Steve shot back.
, he said.
Pushing up on his hind legs, he thumped his forepaws against the stone. “Please be a secret door,” he said as he awkwardly worked over the stones, occasionally rearing back to let his gauntleted paws clang on the stone.
“I’m aware, Iron Man,” Steve gritted out. He leaned into the wind, dropped down to one knee to lower his profile, and hunched down behind the shield. His backwards process slowed and the shield softened the shriek of the sudden gale over his comm line. “Thor, where is the wind coming from?”
Some shouted.
Tony slammed a fist into the foot of the bed with a sudden burst of heat. For a moment, his cheeks flushed with warmth and his chest expanded sharply. For a moment, he felt the sun slanting across his  body.
Tony and Rhodey squared off in an intense stare down. Steve knew he should intervene, but his head was pounding, his legs felt shaky, and he mostly just wanted to go throw up, and then sleep. He felt Sam’s hands on him, trying to pull the bandage away, Bucky’s arm around his hips just barely keeping him upright.
Still just barely ahead of him, the rat burst through a curtain of darkness that gave the corridor the appearance of a dead end. Moving too fast to stop in time, Tony twisted to take the impact on his shoulder and left side, but passing through the curtain was effortlessly painless. He tumbled through the air, off balance by both the curtain and the sudden light.
Steve said, sounding less like a whiny husky and more like himself. He leapt down next to her with the casual grace that Tony had come to expect of Captain America, and then turned to look in the direction she had indicated.
Red. There was something about red….
Things had been quiet on the Avengers front since his and Steve’s blowout, and Tony hadn’t heard so much as a peep out of the other man in about three weeks. He vacillated between relieved that he’d finally said it, and angry that he’d ever opened his mouth. Mostly, stupidly, he missed Steve, even the very limited part of Steve he’d had. Maybe he could invite Steve back to the lab and they could pretend it hadn’t happened. Or he could make an end run around the invitation altogether and just pick a fight.
“He’s waited this long, he can wait a little longer,” the captain argued.
“I see.” They stared at each other for a few awkward moments, and then Steve stepped forward and wrapped his arms around Tony’s waist. He ducked down to bring their mouths together. Tony felt antsy with tired energy, but he laced his arms around Steve’s neck and enjoyed the moment of closeness. He pretended that this was just something they did - hugged and kissed for no reason other than to hug and kiss. It lasted until Steve’s hands smoothed down the curve of his back and curled around his ass, tugging him forward.
He was not unaccustomed to being the smallest man in the room, but he’d never gone tromping through the woods before with someone who could fit half of his body in their mouth.
While Steve jumped up to his feet, Tony flopped onto his back and started laughing again. Just his fucking luck. Dream, or after life, or whatever the hell it was, and he gets the Steve that would still rather punch him than fuck him. Typical.
anyone
Tony thought about pushing him, but didn’t. He shrugged. “Whatever you like, sweetheart. So? Up for a tumble? I can turn out the lights,” he offered, running a hand boldly up Steve’s body from his thigh to his chest. He flicked at the nipple poking against the skin-tight fabric, and Steve hissed a breath through his teeth, automatically pulling back and reaching up with his free hand to rub at his chest.
A hole just barely big enough for a cat was visible in the stone. He wasn’t sure how much he liked the idea of maybe getting stuck in the hole with only several million tons of rock on top of him, but they needed a way into that cave. He swallowed down his very rational and well-supported fear of caves, and darkness, and unknown depths, and then forged ahead.
He’d always supposed that he’d be interested in shoving himself down on the nearest flat surface if he ever occasioned to meet another him. Or that he’d punch the other him in the face. It was nice to know that he could want both simultaneously. Much like Steve,
Maybe the weird make-up of the village’s inhabitants wasn’t so strange. Big cities had all kinds of diversity, neighborhoods of people from all over the world living within a stone’s throw of each other. Still, how did the mice comfortably live in a village when their upstairs neighbors were cats and birds? He cleaned his paw idly, unsheathing his claws to get to the fish scale stuck in his glove.
Tony got a faceful of dirt before he could move out of the way, but Steve didn’t even apologize. His tail wagged furiously as he dug, looking like nothing so much as a dog going after a bone. Tony got himself up the nearest tree to get out of the splash zone just as Riverstones joined Steve in digging. Together, the two of them kicked dirt at a mad pace, occasionally snapping at one another when they got in each other’s way. They were quickly buried up to the shoulder, Steve hopping over Riverstones at regular intervals so they could switch places while they widened the hole.
Redskull took one look at the onrushing freight train of a few hundred pounds of canine fury, and turned to run. Green light soared over Steve’s back to hit the running man right on the ass. He stumbled forward, tried to regain his balance, but got Steve’s shield to the back of his legs before he could get more than a couple steps. He fell to one knee and Steve was on him in an instant.
Rhodey shouted so loudly that his voice distorted through the comm.
Tony agreed.
“There is some manner of portal here,” Thor announced. “It is certainly the source of the wind.” He sighed heavily. “And smacks of my brother’s magic.”
, and it was Tony favorite cologne on him. He woke up as soon as Rhodey’s arm shifted to fall around his ribs, but it felt so good to just be held that he pretended he was still sleeping. He kept himself awake with his eyes closed for as long as he could to enjoy the comfortable weight of his best friend’s arm, but the slimy green lizard mutant things had taken it out of him. He woke up in the morning curled around a pillow, draped in a blanket that didn’t smell like Rhodey at all, but he’d slept better than he had in weeks.
“We will need to do much hunting to get all of these little ones fed,” Riverstones said.
, his head supplied nonsensically, but gold titanium alloy, 1:3 ratio. He slipped on a puddle of spilled water and hit the floor hard.
Tony eased himself sideways to be out of the way, but close enough to catch him if needed. Steve pressed the edge of the shield into the ground and vaulted upwards. Without the wind, it would have been an impressive leap, but with an 80 mph gust shooting up underneath him, it looked like he’d taken flight. Tony cursed and fired his thrusters to catch up. As if it were a sentient thing, the wind gusted at his knees to knock him sideways, and then another pushed him downwards with such force that he hit the pavement faceplate first.
“You’re the Sorcerer Supreme, aren’t you? Walker said we’d find you on the coast,” Steve said after a long silence.
– and I will do it, anything to make this – this – whatever the hell this is between us just a little better –”
He asked after a long moment.
Alone in the corridor, he leaned against the bulkhead and struggled to swallow the last of his dinner. They were going to find Steve tomorrow,
, Tony interrupted before Steve could confess that they weren’t really friends with the big gray wolf.
He didn’t remember getting up in the morning, or getting dressed, or getting on the boat, but he must have done because he was squished on a bench between the captain and a lump of a person obscured by heavy cold-weather gear.
It was quiet for so long that Tony wondered if Steve had just turned around and walked away. He wouldn’t have blamed him. It would be easier. “When was the last time you slept, Tony?”
Tony made a put-upon noise and heard himself babbling, reading through the pages even though they were meaningless and he wanted to
Steve obligingly stopped for Tony to catch up, looking back at him curiously. Tony got up on his hind feet, planting his forepaws on Steve’s ribs to steady himself. For a moment, Steve thought that Tony was about to hop up on his back, but Tony just shoved his face against Steve’s shirt and rubbed vigorously.
Tony twisted to look at it, gaping as the thing swung around with a mind of its own. It was clad in armor plating, long and slender, and now that he knew it was there, he was aware of exactly how uncomfortable it was in the armor plating.
Tony disappeared in the swirling darkness, and Steve hit water on his back. He felt his lungs seize, and his hands searched for the plane’s controls while a voice in the back of his head gibbered in terror. He barely sucked in a breath before a wave crashed over his head.
busy with the security contract, and was going to have to skip even the couch that night if he wanted it done on time.
Tony slipped away at the end. He really
– and the armor plates from his shoulders to his tail folded up while the locks on his underbelly folded up toward his chest. In a matter of moments, the suit had compressed into a backpack piled up on his shoulders. The catch on his foreleg
By the time Steve got free of the confines of the pants, all he could do for a while was a run and run and run. He didn’t stop running circles around the grassy clearing until he was so out of breath that he couldn’t keep his tongue in his mouth. He looked around curiously. The sun was far overhead, and he thought it had just been morning when Tony (the cat – Tony was a cat) had found him. It looked closer to afternoon now, which made Steve cock his head in confusion. He couldn’t have been running for
“Come on. You work too much. Everyone’s here, and we’re not going to wait for you all night.”
Sometime after Howard died, Tony had started dreaming of Captain America. In his dreams, Tony called him
Freed from the closures, Steve promptly started to wiggle again. Tony was unseated by the motion, and hissed in reproach as he tumbled back to the ground. Whining and yipping, Steve managed to kick himself free. As soon as his tail popped loose, he tried to jump up, made it one stride on what looked like an attempt at a victory lamp, and face-planted back into the grass, the pants still tangled around his ankles.
Steve countered.
Kilgrave stepped away, heels clicking on the concrete. Tony ran out of breath and struggled not to draw in more air. He was trying to make himself pass out, his chest shuddering with increasingly frantic efforts to pull in oxygen. Steve felt sick watching him do it, but he couldn’t take his eyes away. He clenched his jaw shut.
The tunnel built out in front of them as they moved, and closed off behind them, keeping any kittens from getting lost. A few of them learned that they could get a free ride by standing at the back of the tunnel and letting it push them forward. Steve had more than a dozen of the tiny furballs clinging to his back, Riverstones had his own share of little limpets, and Tony traded off carrying one kitten or the other every few minutes.
Steve it would be a plus. He stifled a laugh at himself, at Steve, at how pitiful they both were for what they were doing. It wasn’t like he was going to stop unless – until – Steve told him ‘enough.’
How fucked up was that? He invented a dream world where his childhood hero was not only alive, but called him by affectionate pet names, and for some reason he didn’t want Steve to know his actual identity. Maybe it made sense. Maybe Steve wouldn’t call him by affectionate nicknames if he knew it was
Tony woke in his bunk. The boat wasn’t just rocking up and down, side-to-side, it was spinning. He was cold and too exhausted to shiver, and he hadn’t zipped the bag up before falling asleep. His left side was even colder than his right, almost numb from his elbow to his shoulder. He struggled to get his arm back into the bag, but he couldn’t reach up to catch the zipper.
“Cap?” he called, or
Steve made an uncertain noise in the back of his throat. He’d been the first on scene, and the only one staring into that terrible darkness in person. Almost unwillingly, he stretched close to the abyss to grab a rock from the sidewalk, and then chucked it underhand into the perfectly round pit of darkness. It vanished silently into the pit as if it had never existed.
A grinding noise registered before Tony realized that he’d clenched his teeth. Behind him, Steve’s voice drifted through the room honey-slow, reading out the article on the cancer-fighting nanobots. Tony pulled in a noisy breath through his nose. “Yinsen.”
When Steve slid back several lengths in shock over the question, Riverstone’s nipped at his legs. With a yelp, Steve bounded forward again. He put his head down and concentrated in getting up the hill, mulling over the heart-racing flash of almost panic he’d experienced in response to the question.
Steve interrupted. He hurried down the rise toward the village, leaving Tony to catch up with him. They hadn’t had the opportunity to really discuss their situation, but their interactions were beginning to worry Steve more and more.
High up in the air, Thor sounded cheerful as he shouted back, “I know not, but it is a grand storm!”
A small noise tore out of Tony’s chest, wounded and helpless. His free hand moved jerkily over the table, twitching and scrabbling at the rough wood, inching closer to his bent elbow. The gun swayed drunkenly, briefly blinding Steve with the laser. He winced and looked away, small pops of light exploding behind his eyelids. Across the table, Tony screamed, a horrible sound that was more than half rage, mixed liberally with denial and naked fear.
a surface.
the smaller dog said.
If there was anything Tony was truly startled about, it was that he’d woken in his own bunk and hadn’t just been taken to medbay while unconscious. He couldn’t remember anything after finding Steve in the ice. Finally, finally finding Steve in the ice.
down somewhere around 5 and
Tony gasped.
When he woke up, the sun was sinking below the horizon. Tony yawned and dug his claws into the bark so he could stretch his spine out. He didn’t think he’d ever been so relaxed. Eyeing the darkening sky, Tony considered just going back to sleep. Another eight or twelve or twenty hours sounded nice.
Steve howled, charging across the floor.
The boat pitched sharply and Tony jerked awake. He was slumped forward on the bench of a motorboat. For several panicky seconds he didn’t remember how he’d gotten there. He remembered going to bed the night before, his dinner sitting heavy in stomach. He thought he remembered throwing up in the night. He definitely remembered fighting, fighting, fighting, endlessly. He remembered being in a wheelchair at one point, and in a HUMVEE the next, driving a race car, dancing with Pepper, fighting with Pepper, fighting with Steve.
The wolf considered them for several long moments while Tony made a long series of low-pitched cat noises. Steve had no doubt that Tony was taking advantage of their differing languages to give Steve a thorough tongue lashing. He thought about telling Tony to stuff it, but he couldn’t exactly throw stones.
idea it was, Tony scrambled after him.
“Captain Rogers is looking for you. Shall I tell him you are indisposed?”
“Modern art,” Tony answered. Steve frowned at him, but it wasn’t a lie. The goddamned thing wasn’t going to be good for anything other than decorating someone’s lawn at this rate. It was a mess – he just couldn’t get it to come together right. Surprise, fucking surprise.
,” Tony grouched. “I had to cancel important things for this.”
He asked. The voice that translated in Steve’s head was low and gravelly. Steve noticed that he had a series of three parallel white streaks down his neck, and wondered what had happened.
Tony cursed at himself. Steve would have stayed for another minute at least if he’d just kept his mouth shut. He took a moment to push the disappointment away before straightening up and reaching for his pants. His hips ached from the position and he was getting a little too old to do the ‘bent over convenient flat surface’ thing so frequently, but this was how it worked, and it was good, and he didn’t need to rock the proverbial boat. He could hear Steve’s belt buckle clinking as he put his clothes back together, but he didn’t turn around to look at him.
Steve frowned. “I ordered them to clean the room.”
This might have gone all night, but the plushy warmth abruptly stood up. Annoyed, Tony curled his neck to bring his head off the ground and glared at his retreating blanket.
On his other side, Steve was sucking in rapid breaths through his nose like he couldn’t quite figure out how to engage his voice. Rhodey looked in between them and stepped away from the bedside, ostensibly to get out of the nurses’ way. In his absence, Steve leaned in close and set his forehead very gently against the side of Tony head.
“No,” Tony said, keeping his voice to a low grumble, “I’m fine. I’m just distracted and can’t seem to get my… sea legs, or whatever. I’m fine.” He shoveled the rest of the potatoes into his mouth and stuffed half of his meatloaf in after. His mouth was too full to even chew, but it was all off the tray, so he gathered up the dishes and hurried out of the mess.
Tony looked down at the belt, and then up to Steve’s face. His entire body was alive with anticipation, shuddering like he’d had too much caffeine and not enough calories. He swallowed hard and met Steve’s eyes. “My safeword is safeword.”
he demanded, but he held carefully still while Tony nuzzled against him. Entirely without his permission, his tail started wagging. Trying to make it stop just resulted in a weird series of jerking motions that set his teeth on edge.
Tony shook his head, growing annoyed and frightened at his day-time dreaming. Maybe he’d hit his head when he fell. “No, I’m fine. Just misheard.”
Steve demanded as he broke through the crowd of gathered cats.
Steve took a tense step forward, one hand coming up, and then stepped back. He clenched his hand into a fist at his side, right arm coming up into a familiar posture that was only missing the shield.  “You can’t ever take anything seriously.”
“Really?” Tony asked innocently. “Guess I didn’t notice. Busy, you know. SI, making everybody look cool, building things.” He shrugged.
“Oh,” Tony said, smiling his best
“Mighty high opinion of yourself, Captain Anger-Management,” Tony snapped back, because he wasn’t in the mood for banter, and he was tired of being held face-down. He braced his hands against the table and shoved back hard. Not expecting it, Steve stumbled backward. When Tony twisted to look at him, his eyebrows were furrowed together.
the wolf said.
On deck, the captain stood in a rainslicker with a dented tin mug in one hand and a pair of binoculars held up to his eyes with the other. Tony clutched the handrail and tucked his face closer to his shoulder. The ship reared up and came down tilted to one side, somehow at the exact angle to spray freezing water right into his hood. It soaked into his thick sweater, and wet wool smelled like piss. He would vow to burn every piece of wool-anything he owned when he got home, except that it would probably smell even worse on fire.
Tony made a
know them. This was Bruce Banner, and also the Hulk, and Green Bean, and Meangreen, and Bruciebear, and Rage Monster.
Steve hesitated. “What year is it?” he asked without wanting to know the answer. He knew that whatever year it was, it was a year that didn’t have Peggy or Bucky or his Commandos in it – did it really matter, stacked up against that? “How long?”
Tony called.
Riverstones huffed out a breath.
Tony hopped up onto a boulder to get out of the range of Steve’s teeth, and Steve made a frustrated noise. He rolled onto his back and wiggled frantically, but the belt was holding the pants firmly in place. He started making the most pitiful yammering dog noises that Tony had ever heard. It reminded him of a husky. Tony laughed again, unable to help himself, and Steve’s ears twisted around at the chuffing.
“Of course,” Tony continued, putting just enough weight on his knees that he could get to Steve’s belt, “You’d prefer if it was
Riverstones asked finally.
Tony commented when they reached the top of a rise in the road and found the village spread out below them. He almost sounded more annoyed that it had been a shorter trip than he’d expected.
“Calendar reminder said
“You’ve been asleep for a while, Cap,” a tall Black man in a billowing leather jacket told him. He had a dozen armored people behind them, and more were pouring out of the surrounding tanks.
By the time he righted himself, the two canines had caught up. They leaped through the curtain, Steve’s shield somehow hovering above his back like a flying saucer, and Riverstone’s teeth, eyes, and claws glowing brilliant green. The both skidded to a halt, and Tony thumped to the ground at Steve’s side.
He pulled his head out of the pillow and looked around blurrily. He was in an unfamiliar bedroom – but it was his bedroom, at the tower in Manhattan. King-sized bed, because ‘comfortably sleeps three’ had been a plus at one point, tastefully decorated because Pepper (Pepper? PA – no, CEO – no, girlfriend – no, ex-girlfriend) had done it for him.
“Don’t ever say that word again,” Steve ground out.
It ended up being more of a tunnel than anything. It did narrow slightly when he was too far in to easily get himself back out, but the suit pressed in close around him, and he felt like his body was just squishing down to accommodate the smaller dimensions. Being in the tight space was less distressing than he expected it would be, and he was pulling himself up through a small hole into a corridor before he had time to get distressed.
down? Fuck him raw?”
“Now you,” Tony explained patiently. If Steve was going to use him to release pent-up frustration, Tony at least deserved to see him naked. Steve didn’t protest. He pulled the t-shirt over his head and dropped it on the ground. Tony tossed him the lube and then folded down into his lap, curling over to tuck his face against Steve’s neck.
Backing away from the woman – whoever she was, Nazi infiltrator or spy – Steve ran at one of the walls between the seams. He broke through it like tearing through paper, startling dozens of people on the other side. He was barefoot, but it didn’t matter. Steve ran, baffled by the facility. It looked like nothing he’d ever seen, not in New York, not in Europe, not on the Hydra bases. He ended up on the street of some kind of bustling metropolis with strange cars whizzing by. People jumped out of his way as he plowed through the crowds. Everything was so loud. The usual background hum of resonate tones in crowded spaces was overwhelming. Everywhere he turned, dozens of unfamiliar tones shrieked at him, all of them clashing against his own. He felt dizzy and sick to his stomach. After the initial escape from the facility, he wasn’t even running from anyone – he was running from everyone.
Steve explained.
” Tony shouted after him in frustration and tossed himself sideways. He landed on the cold floor in his cabin, tangled up in his sleeping bag, shivering and drenched in sweat once again. It was even worse than being trapped in the Iron Man suit, smothered by the fabric and trapped with his own heat, the sick scent of his sweat.
, Steve was
Steve smiled at him in the semi darkness. He gently untangled his hand from Tony’s and cautiously held his arm up in an invitation. Tony gaped at him for several seconds while the Scrubs cast broke into song and Clint helpfully sung along. Tony should have gotten up and left – it wasn’t the right place for it – but he leaned slowly sideways instead. Steve closed his arm around Tony’s shoulders. He smelled like leather and lemongrass laundry soap.
It had been a very long time since he’d felt so untethered. He would have thought that he knew what it felt like to be tired, but something about being in this new, compact body made him feel exhausted like never he’d never been before. The desire to find some place warm and safe so he could go to sleep was as strong as any urge to drink ever had been.
Steve gulped.
Tony traced the trajectory of Steve’s voice, briefly
“We may have found something worth exploring,” the captain said when Tony finally made it to the mess for dinner. The food was so heavy and carb-rich, and Tony should weigh 300 pounds with mashed potatoes and bread and pasta every night, but he was losing weight faster than his belt could keep up.
With that as a cryptic farewell, she hopped nimbly back up the hill, and disappeared into the trees.
Sunshine declared, puffing his little chest up.
“Get a grip,” Tony told himself while he groomed his fur back into place, annoyed at the poor design that lead to his fur getting caught between plates whenever he puffed up.
For several beats, there was no sound, no movement. Tony felt the cold settling into his bones as he watched Captain America pace restlessly at the boarder of land and sea. When War Machine broke through the surface with an armor-less Tony in his arms, Steve splashed into the waves to meet him and practically tore Tony out of his grip. They crashed to the sand, water licking at their feet, and Steve yanked Tony’s mouth open to check his airway, tilted Tony’s head back and sealed their lips together. Rhodey dropped heavily on Tony’s other side, the faceplate of the armor looking absolutely murderous in the strange light.
“What do you want me to do?” Tony shoved his chair back so hard that it banged against the wall with a loud
” Tony clenched his teeth, his face going red with strain. Underneath him, the chair creaked and scraped along the concrete floor. The gun jumped and re-centered on Steve’s chest.
, she greeted while her puppies bounced around her excitedly, except the littlest one, who had plopped her butt down in the grass and was swaying with her eyes partially open.
, Tony told him.
The door opened with the same seeming reluctance, and Steve stepped in. The muscles in Tony’s back tightened at once. Steve was still in uniform, and he looked as tense as Tony felt. As far as Tony was aware, they weren’t currently in any new fight, but that didn’t matter. Tony looked at him, and he could still see everything they’d been Before. He wondered sometimes what Steve saw when they made eye contact. Tony couldn’t remember the war, but considering the way Steve looked like he’d bitten into a lemon most of the time he was around Tony, it didn’t take much guessing. Tony would give absolutely anything to take them back, to be able to joke with his friend, watch movies together, play chess. He missed Steve, and having Steve walking the halls every day just made it worse.
The floor was smooth and even, obviously not naturally occurring, though he had a hard time getting an idea of the dimensions. It was pitch dark, and he was reluctant to turn the exterior lights on in case he’d come up in the middle of the rats’ burrow, and he found himself the center of a lot of unfriendly attention. Even with as stunning as his night vision was, even a cat couldn’t see in utter darkness.
And that would be the second reason he can't ever leave this place. Beyond the practical feasibility of it, this is not something he could ever do to the alpha. Felicia is his pup and he can never take that away from him. More than a legal prison, the tower is a biological and genetic prison as well. He's condemned to stay here, no matter how agonizing the pain he feels inside is.
Besides, he really wanted to see his boyfriend. After all, Steve hadn't broken up with him yet. Not explicitly anyway. If he had, Tony could still pretend he didn't know. Maybe Steve's presence would help soothing the growing uneasiness he felt inside. A surge of excitement grew rapidly in stomach. He felt restless. His knees started to shake nervously under the table. He had to find a way to go.
A bunch of lilies and spider lilies beautifully arranged in a rainbow of whites and pinks and reds. Tony had chosen.
He left the empty small open space that had become his office and paced silently to the entrance. There was a little crowd, mostly the people who worked in this floor, for him, but also people from other departments and even people from the senior management floor—Yes, there had been a lot of changes at SHIELD since the success of The Avengers and Steve had now an entire floor dedicated to his series, plus about a dozen of people working (only) for him. Writers, drawing artists, designers, colorists, painters, assistants... Well, let's say SHIELD were doing fine, and him too.
At some point they heard the front door slam and they were alone in the house. Tony asked if he could take a shower because "my dad will freak out and ground me if he can smell your alpha scent on me."
A hotel sounded nice. But not for the kind of things they were planning to do to Tony, or the ones Tony was planning them to do to him. Besides, men tended to take liberties with Tony's body in hushed enclosed spaces. If he passed out, they would be more likely inclined to fuck his ass in the privacy of a room, whereas anal sex outside was a little tricky as a general rule. Tony wasn't particularly attracted to the idea of being trapped in a sordid motel room with three men that were obviously bad news anyway...
loves Steve. And... who does Steve love anyway?
Tony startled and turned around, facing Steve. He brushed a hand down Steve's cheek. "I'm not him." He whispered, staring into Steve's eyes trying to convince himself more than convince Steve, and then his expression changed, growing insecure.
Steve looked up again, only to contemplate the stupid face Tony was making right now, eyes wide open and mouth gaping.
He only felt relieved when he was able to run away outside during his lunch break. The sun was blazing and so comfortingly warm on his fragile skin. For a moment he forgot about Tony Stark and how helpless he had been in there. He just closed his eyes and took a deep breath. Life was beautiful after all and he would present, in time. No need to fuss about it now.
His mind zeroes out in a split-second. He starts shivering. Didn't Steve say that the alpha needed him? His lips part and his entire being struggle to raise his eyes and look up to the alpha to demand answers but fails. He's absolutely unable to look up, eyes staring haphazardly on the ground. He can't move, not until the alpha gives him permission to. He's not usually like this, usually he still has some free will, but right now, this instant, under those conditions while he's frustrated and after hearing Steve's words and with the overpowering heady smell of the room enveloping him and trapping him on the floor, he doesn't have any.
have a crush on you all these years. Now, that I think about it."
His boyfriend slumped on the couch, Steve climbed onto his lap with an effusive energy and straddled him dominantly, and before the former could emit any kind of protest, he grabbed his hair and pulled his head backward while putting a firm finger on his objecting lips. "Shhhhhhhush." He whispered assertively, frowning down at him. "You need to stop doing that now."
Tony didn't pay attention and quickly picked a bottle of brandy from the small bar to serve himself a drink under his dubious stare. Steve looked at him perplexedly while he poured the brown liquid into a glass.
Tony chuckles bitterly but Steve's blue eyes are intent on him, unwavering.
But every time something was missing. It was not enough, not fulfilling and insanely frustrating.
Tony wriggled on his seat. The ache in his ass was still blazing. He pretended it didn't exist, Tony was used to pain anyway. Dessert arrived soon and tasted like puke and dirty cock in his mouth. Tony ate it without conviction, laughed once or twice, flashed his cutest smile and dinner finally came to an end.
Tony doesn't protest. He's too tired, too depressed to fight him now. He feels a slight shudder shaking him however. His jaw clenches and maybe his nose is flaring a little. He grinds his teeth. His hand is still trembling. It takes a lot of his will power, especially in his current state, not to yank his boyfriend's hand away. Instead he just stands up and leaves the room. He needs some fresh air.
surprise, leaving him feeling betrayed.
Steve shrugged. "Why would I?"
Steve finally exclaims, out loud, because he really didn't think Bucky's motivations for him getting off his suppressants was seeing him pregnant.
They got started and after some times Steve heard his boyfriend sigh. "This room is a real mess." He exclaimed. "I can't believe you've even got paintings lying around like common garbage." He took one, admiring it with gleeful eyes. "I'm definitely gonna find space in the Penthouse for these." He said with a proud smile.
Tony chuckled. "It's a bit late for that now."
He felt his heart leap when he pushed the key into the locker and paused for a few moments, listening to his heartbeat, before turning it open. He could feel the warm breath of his boyfriend onto the nape of his neck. Tony was silent behind him, although a little out of breath after carrying the cardboards up the stairs. He finally pushed the door open and took in the familiar smell of his former apartment.
did..."
He can't help thinking that Steve had sex with the two of them. He can't stop imagining it. He knows everything about Bucky, he thinks, but Loki... How many times did they do it? Where did they do it? In what position? Was it rough or gentle? Was Steve on top?
"Since he's using scent-confusers." Clint kept on, not paying attention to Bucky's remark.
disappeared. He staggered to his house, barely recognizing it.
Steve takes a small step. Tony doesn't know how to handle the news.
fault, don't apologize."
"I'm not your fucking hero, Tony... I'm fucking no-one. And I'm fucking
Note aside: I have absolutely no medical knowledge whatsoever, nor about the procedures in these cases. Things happen this way because it suits the story. Sorry for the lack of plausibility. Didn't mean to offend anyone.
Steve looked down and wavered on his feet, sinking his hands in the pockets of his jeans. He braced himself and looked up, staring at Tony's back and ignoring how hot he looked in his loose tank top and dark sweat pants.
"You don't have one." Sam deadpanned.
Perfect timing, Bucky thinks. He's been keeping the alpha on edge and now he's all ready for him. He couldn't have done it any better had he actually planned this.
—for them.
Steve feels the tears running down his cheeks. "Please, Tony," he begs, "Alpha," he then corrects, imitating Bucky's suave ways. "Stop playing games with me, with us. I want you. All of you."
Steve chuckled. His back was turned to his boyfriend as he had resumed emptying his cupboards. "Which one?" He asked teasingly.
part of it, to the entire world? For a
He was woken up only a couple of hours later, by the sound of his boyfriend showering in the bathroom. It was barely noticeable and so was the soft sliver of light coming out from the bathroom door but apparently Steve's sleep wasn't as deep as he had been pretending when his boyfriend wasn't next to him. He rubbed his eyes, blinking them open, and propped himself on one elbow while Tony walked out of the bathroom door, ethereal in a cloud of steam. He was in his pajamas and attempted to dry his unruly hair with the towel hanging from his shoulders. He tossed it on one of the armchairs and fetched a hoodie who'd been lying there.
"Greg." He whispered while biting on his lips lewdly and he thrust his own cock deeper in the mouth of the guy at his feet, pushing on his head a little. The guy choked but didn't complain.
Tony felt another shiver. Want ? Of course he didn’t want it was his first reaction. It wasn’t a question of wanting or not wanting, was it ? The anguish he felt inside was putrefying, slowly turning into rage. Why did Steve keep asking him stupid questions he didn’t have the answers to
Tony smiled and grabbed his pack of cigarette to smash it in his hand in a silent agreement. He chuckled. "I'll try..." He finally said in reply and Steve muffled his words into a long passionate kiss, both hands holding his face preciously.
"No." Tony categorically replied, blunt and direct. "I just felt it was the right time to ask again."
be the one to give birth to it?"
Tony clicked his tongue in his mouth and pinched his lips, looking away. "No, it's fair... I get it." He replied hoarsely. "Makes sense." He climbed down the stool and poured himself another glass of wine while Steve's watched him walk away to the living room, arms dangling helplessly on his sides. He watched him turn some music on and lean on the couch with the glass in his hand, looking down pensively, and finally set to clear the counter.
to do that. Especially not when our respective partners are just on the other side of that door."
Steve chuckled, despite himself. "You do realize the alpha I've been into for all those months is you, right?" He whispered in Tony's neck, arms curled around his waist. Tony shivered. His body was a furnace in Steve's arms. "I've been rejecting you, haven't I?"
His eyes roamed the room and paused on Johan and his goons, snickering like grade-schoolers. Steve rolled his eyes and ignored them. He was way above such childish behaviors and if he couldn't fight back physically, he had decided he would compensate his short size with a grander attitude.
Steve rolled his eyes, still feeling a bit hot and bothered by the kiss. "As if..." He mumbled. And Tony chuckled again, teasingly. "Whatever..." Steve grumbled. "Let's finish this and get some lunch. I'm starving." He said resignedly.
The omega lies down next to him, on his back and Steve feels enough in control to reach a hand and trail his fingers down his chest. He curls them around his waist and strokes down the curve of his ass, then he reaches the inside of his thigh, covered with slick. The sweet fragrance of it, slightly different from his own, tickles his nose in the best way. He spreads the slick all over his hand and grabs the omega's hard dick. Bucky bucks his hips up and meets his movements, humping his hand. It feels amazing in a contented sort of way, having the omega splayed out and losing control for him. Steve slides his thumb along the underside of his cock, pressing on the juncture between the head and the skin, then his hand ventures further down and he rolls his constricted balls between his fingers.
Steve rushed to him and grabbed his chin, pulling it down a little. "You're
Thor throws a heavy arm around Tony's shoulders that makes him feel small and fragile. Thor is loud and cumbersome. He's a nice, carefree, open-minded guy who likes having fun. Tony is sure they could get on with each other well, he just never really had the opportunity to get to know him more than the basics. He has more affinity for his wife-to-be, they obviously have many things in common and besides, Tony's always been more comfortable around women, men tend to make him feel like he needs to be on his guard all the time, but Jane is not here tonight.
Tony shrugged, smile undying on his lips. "I always feel ecstatic about what's going on in Steve's mind."
They might have been deeply touched by Tony's story but Steve wouldn't know. Tony was the only one he could see right now, everything else was blurry. He barely noticed how Clint nuzzled against Tony in a comforting friendliness.
He almost shouted. "This is
Steve looked up at him. He looked ecstatic, eyes glimmering in the dark of the evening, the fresh Spring breeze on his face, his lips slightly shivering. He was still nervous.
But he slowly recovered his senses and apprehended his surroundings. He was still where he had been the last time he was conscious enough to remember.
"Already exhausted? We haven't even started!" Tony joked from afar.
He thought of his dad for a second. Would Howard be happy if he was? What would say if he knew what his good friend Obadiah had been doing to his only son for all those years? Maybe he already knew... Maybe he just didn't care, as long as it never got out.
"Why are you thanking me?" Steve snapped and then squashed every attempt Tony made to reach out to him. Tony could take care of himself, alright. He just really really liked when Steve did it but not even a little self-deprecating joke could ease the tension this time.
Steve drops his hand. He runs for it.
"Yes." Steve answered, slipping his thumb into his hand. He was trying to calm himself down and Tony's soothing presence helped despite the sweetness of his aroused scent which pervaded the room.
"Aren't you gonna miss it?" Tony insisted.
Steve almost recoiled, in disappointment, but his lust was stronger and so he tightened his embrace around his boyfriend and kissed his shoulder, biting it possessively. "What? Don't like that?" He muttered, voice full of hope, while blowing hot breath in the crook of Tony's neck.
Steve shrugged. "Don't know..." He mumbled. "I guess so." He looked away, avoiding the three boys' stares. "Feels weird mostly..."
His boyfriend looked tired and miserable and Steve felt a pang in his chest. He lost his appetite, not that he had been very hungry in the first place, so he left his food untouched and got up instead, skirted swiftly around the table and slipped in between the table and his boyfriend to straddle him before he could venture any kind of protest. He blanketed him with his slender self, surrounding him with all his love and warmth, and took advantage of his confusion to snatch the cigarette from his hand. Tony didn't react to the theft but slid his hands up his back and wrapped his arms around him, burying his head in the crook of his neck in a melancholic sigh.
"You don't fucking care, do you?" He heard the breathless whispered painfully choked out of his boyfriend's mouth. The hurt is Steve's voice was agonizing. "You don't care about anything." Oh he was way past caring by now. "I don't get you."
The ride felt long, even though it was the fastest elevator in the world, and dizzying. Sometimes Tony's silences unsettled him. He wasn't that used to them yet. And he knew what this meant to his boyfriend. He would not pretend he didn't know how important this was for him. Denying that would be denying who Tony was. It didn't matter that Steve had promised himself once he would never set a foot in this tower or that he loathed everything it represented. It would be slightly hypocritical now. The tower was Tony. It was part of him, of who he was, and Steve couldn't ignore this fact any longer. It was time for him to compromise, if he wanted this thing to last. Tony had once again given the starting push and now it was up to him—to both of them but mostly him if he were being honest—to make it work.
to me. I'm sorry if I implied something like that, I just wanted to get a reaction out of you. I just wanted you to
Tony shrugged, a fond smile on his face. "You can say whatever you want," he said while looking away, perhaps he was trying to hide the embarrassment on his face. "But I'm the one who kept coming to you place, who fixed your apartment, who kept finding excuses to come and see you all the time." He paused, searching into Steve's eyes which probably conveyed how unsettled he felt right now. Partly confused, partly disbelieving. Because...
As predicted, they were ruthless and uncaring, just what Tony needed...
He didn't know what happened after that. Maybe Tony had been a little presumptuous with his goal. He had stopped counting, he just wanted to throw up again.
After a moment Bucky sneezed and let out a sigh. "I want to be knotted." He just said, while scratching the inside of his thigh. Steve turned to him and stared at his profile. Bucky was looking at the ceiling with a pout on his lips.
Tony shrugs again. "Don't know, you just said it's helped you focus on your projects... Have you talked about having kids yet?"
the point," Steve snaps. "If you want us, then bond us. Claim us, bite us, put your mark on us."
"And then there was that first concert..." Bucky said softly, still staring into his husband's eyes like he was his whole world.
It's not soiled with guilt. Why is it not?
Tony felt a soothing hand on his face, tugging on his chin. "You know I don't like hitting you, Tony." Obie,'s sugary voice said. "I'm not like your father. So don't make me do it. "On your knees." He repeated, this time his voice was pervaded with anger. His hand gave a brutal pull to his shirt and tore off the first buttons in the process.
