Avi shrugs. “I don’t know. I never really thought about it before Andrew brought it up. It’s not that I’m unwilling, per se; it’s just never been something that I feel like I absolutely have to do. It’s not something that my personal sense of fulfilment depends on, if that makes sense. It’s not that I dislike kids or anything. I’m just not sure it’s completely my thing.”
Sherlock gives him an appreciative look for the save. “Whatever does the trick, right?” he says, with a genial fake smile, and the suited man chuckles and says something inconsequential in response to this which John tunes out.
When it subsides, he finds himself clutching Sherlock against his chest, both their bodies heaving and spent, John’s hand wet with Sherlock’s release. It’s by far the most intense sex he’s ever experienced with anyone, and John knows that there is no saving him now. He’s in love with Sherlock, has been since the day they met, and there can be no denying it on any level now. He wants to say it, say it verbally – because everything that just happened was already him saying it with his hands and body. He drags in a lungful of breath. “You okay?” he asks, his voice shot through with breath, his heart still pounding.
“Particularly the second,” John agrees. “And you’re right: it’s been going on from the very start. So let’s talk.”
Mrs Hudson’s mouth falls open. “What!” She looks at Sherlock as though for confirmation, like she doesn’t believe John. “Is he serious?” she demands.
Sherlock considers. “Yes, actually. The more the merrier, right? Perhaps it’s time to bring some of the locals out, too. Smirnov’s pals from the Peterlee station, say.”
John glances at Sherlock, surprised by how quickly he came up with that. “Er, yeah, that’s right,” he confirms.
Fits the solitary loner type perfectly, John thinks cryptically. “Great, thanks,” he says. He slides into the chair, then improvises rapidly. “Look, do you have a quick second, actually?” he asks, lowering his voice.
John puts his hand over Sherlock’s. “Only you, from now on,” he vows, and Sherlock kisses him again. The kiss goes on, and this time it’s John who throws the flannel away in favour of pulling Sherlock into his arms, shifting down in the bed and reaching for the blankets. It’s the happiest moment of Sherlock’s life to date. He never wants it to end.
Sherlock looks toward the window, but isn’t close enough to see. “Oh,” he says, sounding a bit nonplussed. “All right. Well – ”
John’s expression changes, his throat bobbing as he swallows. “Sherlock – ” His hands come up and take him by the face, pulling their mouths together again, and they kiss for a long moment, Sherlock shifting as close as he dares. It’s a good kiss, one that manages to push aside the negative things in their joint history and bring this recent and still incredulous-feeling development to the fore, or so Sherlock thinks as he fumblingly attempts to copy John’s movements and return them in kind, his arms tightening around John’s back as he does. After a little while, it eases off, John looking into his eyes. “Let’s go upstairs,” he says, with a look toward Mrs Hudson’s door, so Sherlock agrees. Before he reaches the landing, John takes his hand and Sherlock looks down at this in surprise. John shrugs a bit sheepishly, but doesn’t let go.
He leaps up from his armchair and locates his bag—he will have to remember to purchase a new one soon, as this one split the night before. Digging out his mobile, he types out a quick message to John, barely concealing his grin.
Sherlock stood at the helm, Winter next to him. Both were fighting to keep the ship moving in the right direction even as it rocked and swayed in the wind and crashing waves. Every few moments, as the vessel reached the nadir of a wave, ocean water swept over the deck. Thrice, John nearly lost his footing trying to get to Sherlock and Winter, but managed to steady himself each time.
“Gentlemen.” Sherlock’s hands were clasped behind his back, and his eyes darted between John and Ekene. “Everything alright here?”
They lay on the sofa together for an hour after that, just holding and soaking in each other’s presence.
’s crew and knocking their drinks together. John watched in amusement, then shifted his gaze over the party to his ship.
“Well, one of two captains. A mutual sharing of powers,” Sherlock did not meet his gaze. “You and I would command the
“Well, maybe I would have!” Sherlock cried. To his horror, he felt his eyes prickle and blinked quickly to dispel the sensation. “Maybe, if you’d actually been
They chuckled. Then, Greg sighed, sending a rush of static down the line. “I better go. I have a chapter to read for my morning class, and I haven't even started it yet.”
Sherlock did not very well suppose a response like that would work, but he felt at a loss for what else to do.
, and despite John’s less-than-genial feelings toward the captain, those emotions did not extend to his crew.
“You too,” John replied, some of the icy hurt dissipating at the sight of evidence that despite their last conversation, Sherlock might hate this just as much as he did.
The pink in Sherlock’s cheeks intensifies at the touch. “Well… I don’t know about that. You mentioned you did research by observing at Scotland Yard once, didn’t you?”
An hour after sunset, Sherlock shouldered a bag containing the supplies he would need for his endeavour. He darted down the gangplank to the docks, which were now bathed in ever-lengthening shadows. The
“Do you like it?” Sherlock’s hands are still twisting the ribbon, his eyebrows crinkling in the middle.
“Sure there is. This is so far from civilization,” John countered. “If anything, we need it more out here.”
Very well. John started forward, though exhaustion from so long staying afloat and holding his breath made his movements sluggish. Still, he reached the first of the longboats before any of his surviving men.
And Sherlock felt, in that moment as John pulled him closer and sealed their lips, that he could have been content to drift away into nothingness, if only John and his brilliant smile came with him.
Sherlock glanced over his shoulder at him, smirking. “Haven’t I thanked you enough over the past months?”
Normally, Sherlock would press him, John knows, but they’re both in that grey area between tipsy and drunk, so instead he shrugs and swallows the last bit of his own cup of wine. Then, he sits back, a resigned look on his face.
“Watson,” a voice interrupted his thoughts, and he turned to face his captain, Gregory Lestrade of the Royal Navy.
And John — perhaps as his hair got greyer — found that the itch for adrenaline and violence and action no longer plagued him either. He no longer thought of seeking justice through fists and guns, but through a case ended safely, a mystery solved with little fuss. Through an evening ending how it always should have: with a kiss to Rosie’s forehead and with a Sherlock in his arms.
Sherlock’s collided with a man, sending them both stumbling as a result. Sherlock straightens up and catches the man’s gaze. Intense brown eyes look back.
Overall, Sherlock finds himself impressed with John's ability to comprehend the inner workings of so many people's minds. This is a skill Sherlock personally has never mastered, always coming off wrong-footed and uncertain. His observations may be spot-on, but emotions are beyond him.
, while John bent over their captain. No one spoke as he fumbled at Sherlock’s neck for a heartbeat.
Before either of them can speak again, a door down the corridor opens and footsteps reach their ears. “John?”
“Yes we are!” he insists, as if exasperated that he has to spell it out like this. “We’ve established this. We’ve started calling each other ‘boyfriend,’ we spend most of our free time together. We’ve also—” he cuts himself off, glances around, and continues in a lower voice. “We’ve also snogged all over what feels like half of London by now.”
John nodded and made his way into the kitchen, where he clicked on the kettle. Making tea was automatic at this point in his life, and allowed him to consider other things — the long day he’d had at work, Sherlock, his plans for the weekend, Sherlock, if there would be any new cases soon... and Sherlock. By the time the mugs were filled with the steaming drink, and with the correct amounts of sugar and milk respectively, John had to come to terms with the major preoccupation of his thoughts.
“Oh,” John says, eyes blown wide in surprise. “Ethan... I'm sorry. I've got plans.” His voice is firm when he adds. “With my... er, boyfriend, actually.”
“He was shot,” Hayes said abruptly. “Look.” He pulled back the man’s shirt for them to see; indeed, there was a graze across his torso. A bullet had barely missed his stomach, leaving behind a long scratch.
crew launched into action, scrambling for guns and swords and dashing belowdecks for the cannons. But Sherlock, now free and swaying at the railing, stared. And though his lungs were still waterlogged, his body still pained and weak, he managed to scramble over to stare across the narrow space between their ships in awe.
Holmes chuckled. “Scandalous,” he said, sarcasm thick in his words. He came to a stop at the prow and turned to look at John, who claimed a place next to him, reluctant and nervous. But at the same time, he was intrigued. He had not gotten a good look at the pirate captain until now, and he found he could not keep his eyes from traveling over the man.
He slides his phone back into his pocket, imagining the delighted squeals he will be subjected to the next time he sees Molly.
“Feel free,” John sounds at ease, enjoying himself. Sherlock feels a surge of shame; was he even missed? Has John even noticed or cared that he has been gone for such a long time? Sherlock really isn't having a stellar performance at this whole... dating thing. Assuming that is what this is, this time he and John have been spending together.
“But none of those versions of you would be here,” Sherlock whispered. “We’d both be on different paths if you were one of those men. We might still be friends, or we might not. We might not even know each other. I cannot envision any other scenario than the one we’ve lived in which we would both be here, like this.”
They remain curled up together for several minutes, the silence in between them comfortable. However, as the minute hand on the mantel clock inches closer to midnight, John sits up. He drags Sherlock up with him and turns him so they face each other. Sherlock feels a thrill of anticipation in spite of himself; he has never had a New Year’s kiss before. John keeps an eye on the clock as it ticks away the last minute of the year. He reaches out and takes Sherlock’s face in his hands.
Before he could finish the word, Sherlock had uttered a mock-offended exclamation and thrown a pillow at John’s face. There was a ringing moment of silence, and then Sherlock’s eyes widened as John slowly, deliberately raised the pillow and met his gaze with fierce intent.
By the time the tea is brewed and John has wrapped Sherlock’s fingers around the warm mug for him — wanting, needing, to care for him — Sherlock seems slightly calmer, less deer-in-the-headlights. Still, John keeps a close eye on him. After two months of distance, of guardedness, this must be overwhelming for Sherlock. In fact, it’s overwhelming for John as well, who isn’t used to this. He’s never felt about anyone the way he feels about this unusual, captivating chemistry student. And now, he’s afraid of losing him.
“Yes, hello,” he says, startled but hugging her back. She’s close to his height, with flowing silver hair. “Good to meet you, Mrs. Holmes.”
He turned to leave, but then paused at the doorway. “Rest now, sailor. We will speak further in the morning.”
“Night, Mrs. H!” John calls down the stairs, then shuts and locks the door. “Bloody hell, she gets talkative when she’s tipsy.”
John’s mouth opens a little, his eyes sweeping over Sherlock’s face, but he looks anything but convinced.
During dinner, I find myself thinking again of what Mrs Holmes said up in Rosie’s room, about Sherlock adopting Rosie and us all becoming an official family. Then I remember the way she paused, and suddenly wonder if she was going to point out that another, rather obvious way for us to do that would be for Sherlock and me to get married, and the notion takes my breath away. It’s only Thursday. We haven’t been together, like this, for even two full weeks yet. It’s a bit soon to be thinking about marriage, though the very concept of it’s got my heart suddenly thumping in my chest.
When he opens his eyes several minutes later, John is kissing his forehead, his fingers in Sherlock’s hair, tugging at his sleep-mussed curls. Sherlock turns his face upward and kisses him, their legs twined together. His alarm goes off a moment later and John gives a huff of laughter.
Once I’m dry and dressed, we leave. Sherlock takes us to a place we’ve never been to before, called Granger & Co in Notting Hill, and informs me in the taxi that we’ve got a reservation. It’s perfect: we both order their signature ricotta pancakes with bananas and something they call honeycomb butter with peach bellinis, and it’s incredibly delicious. We don’t hold hands across the table or anything ridiculous like that, but every now and then he catches my eye and smiles, but always at an angle, slanted up through his eyelashes or a passing glance and smile as he looks off somewhere else, and I can’t tell if he’s feeling shy or just not quite sure of how we’re supposed to be acting now. We’re out of the woods, that’s for sure, but there’s still a lot that isn’t known for both of us. I want to lean over and reassure him, tell him that I know as much as he does about exactly what comes next, but I don’t.
“I wondered, myself,” John says, with a sigh. “Especially the one I got after all the business with Eurus was over. If it had got lost in the post or something – but she’d been dead for two months by that point.”
He stops. John puts his book down and frowns at Mycroft. “However, what?” Mycroft holds Sherlock’s gaze a moment longer, then turns his head to face John. “What is it, Mycroft?” John wants to know.
Sherlock laughs as though this is very funny, though John can hear that there isn’t a trace of real mirth to it. “Good,” he says.
Sherlock casts another quick look at John. “We’ll go into Sunderland and have a look,” he says. “We’ve nothing else to go on. Do you know anything about other operatives in the area?”
He half-pulls Sherlock into the waiting room, gets him seated, then goes over to the desk to have a quiet, intense word with the receptionist, then glances back at Sherlock with a worried look on his face on his way back to his office. The receptionist shuffles files around, then calls the name of the old man seated across from Sherlock, who wobbles to his feet and makes his way down the corridor. Sherlock blinks and pulls out his phone, dutifully perusing it to keep himself awake. About ten minutes later, the receptionist comes and offers him a glass of water – a ruse, Sherlock suspects, that John likely put her up to just to check whether or not he’s nodded off.
They cross into the park and John takes pleased note of every single person who looks their way and smiles indulgently. “God, what a lot to think about,” he says as they leave the city noise behind them. “First there was last night, and now all of this… just when we’d agreed to leave the past behind us.”
They explore the house. It doesn’t take long, but their search turns up several items of interest, including a short-range radio not of standard Yard issue, a photograph of a middle-aged woman in the bedroom with the name
“John’s quite good in the kitchen,” Sherlock offers, and for some reason this makes John turn rather red and clear his throat, swallowing.
The taxi leaves them at what Sherlock tells him is the edge of the street that surrounds the old city. “This is where I propose we start,” he says, reaching for John’s hand again and taking it in a firm grip that says clearly that he doesn’t give a toss about who sees it. His entire, almost defiant lack of shame over it simultaneously warms John, strengthens his own feelings about it, and makes him feel a touch of shame all over again for all the years he denied this.
“Oi, Steve. Get over here and help me with these potatoes,” Daryl orders Parkins, seemingly having appointed himself in charge of dinner.
Sherlock nods, absorbing this. “You’ve done well,” he tells her. “I’m going to go and let the police know. We’ll take you back to the police station and get you something to eat while you’re waiting for your parents.” He ducks out of the room and goes to speak to Lestrade.
Mary exhales. “No,” she says shortly. “Can’t you take a hint, John? I know you’re not the sharpest knife in the drawer but when someone fakes their death, it might just be that they’ve decided they don’t want you in their life anymore. It’s happened to you twice now. I wonder why.”
He sleeps eventually, long after John has fallen into a gentle pattern of slow, deep breathing. At some point in the night he wakes without knowing why, but he senses somehow that John is awake, too. The silence is deep and poignant, and he thinks of every other brief and poignant silence that’s occurred between them since arriving here, always under the cover of darkness. And suddenly he wants to say it, return John’s unmet statement. The tarmac doesn’t seem to matter anymore. “Are you awake?” he asks, hardly breathing.
“The singer. I suppose she wanted to get her career off the ground or something,” Sherlock says with a shrug.
not be getting through. “But – ” The single word blurts itself out, loud and unfiltered. More follow. “Then why did it never – why was it never – more?” John asks, probably louder than he realises. “All of that tension, toward the end. Around Dartmoor, and after, right up to the day when you jumped – did you already – feel like this then?”
to have them. He’d even used Mycroft’s own words against him, from the day at Buckingham Palace when Mycroft had strongly insinuated Sherlock’s virginity (true, at least to his knowledge) in front of John, intending to embarrass him.
“I thought we were just talking about sleeping together,” I tease gently. I lace our fingers together now, to take any bite out of the comment. “And – yes, but that doesn’t mean it will be the same. Right now my heart is beating at least as hard it was the first time I ever got a girl into bed with me. And I can say with absolute certainty that nothing has ever meant as much to me as this, Sherlock. I love you. That changes everything.”
Sherlock glances at him and seems to see directly into him. “No,” he says quickly. “Not Eurus. Relax. It’s all right. Whatever it is – it will be all right, John. Breathe.”
“Then what makes you think he needs it?” Ella asks gently. “I’m not suggesting that he wouldn’t, but – ”
Sherlock nods, looking thoughtful, his face semi-closed, but there’s less tension there than John was half expecting. “Indeed. Maybe something from that box of tisanes we’ve got?”
He nods. “There are no words for this,” he manages. “For what this feels like – having you inside – ”
He can hear Sherlock moving around in the flat even as he races up the stairs, and Sherlock hears him, too, appearing in the doorway as John reaches the top of the stairs. “John!” he says, but it’s all he gets the chance to say before John puts his mouth on Sherlock’s, backing him into doorframe and snogging him senseless. It goes on for several very good minutes, hands all over each other in spite of the box John’s still clutching. “Goodness,” Sherlock says breathlessly, a few minutes later. “What brought that on? Where did you go?”
“She must,” John says. “She usually does get her up. It’s fine.” Sherlock shifts onto his bed and yawns again, stretching hugely, and John can’t help but let his eyes drift guiltily over the long lines of his lithe torso. He swallows and averts his eyes when Sherlock looks back over at him.
It's hard to talk about it, even within my own head. In a way, the possibilities have only ever existed in a purely fantastical way. Sherlock’s not like that, doesn’t do that sort of thing. Unless he changed somewhere along the line – I mean, first there was Irene Adler, then Janine, so at this point, I don’t even know what I think is true. There was Mycroft’s barb that day at the palace that strongly implied that Sherlock was a virgin at the time, but that was before both women, wasn’t it? Janine was in his bedroom, and then I don’t even know what I think happened after that, in the bath. But then he said it was all fake. I just don’t know how far it went before Mary shot him and curtailed the whole thing. I’d rather believe that he wouldn’t have slept with someone just to convince her to marry him, but on the other hand, who would accept a proposal from someone she’d only dated for three or four weeks without having slept with in this day and age? Maybe I’m just being cynical. Maybe there are still people who wait for marriage, but no one I know. Maybe Sherlock told her
Jimmy hasn’t been found by four in the morning and Lestrade, grey with fatigue, sends them all home to get some sleep. Sherlock argued this, reminding him that in a kidnapping, every minute counts. Lestrade argued back saying that there was nothing they could do but wait for a call, a demand for ransom, and Sherlock finally gave in with bad grace and they all went home.
“Anytime.” Margaret buttons her long coat and waves over her shoulder as she goes down to flag down a taxi.
He’s dazed and panting hard when he comes to himself, Sherlock lying heavily on top of him, spent and limp. There’s a strangely peaceful silence that’s gathered around them both, not pressuring John to talk or say anything to ‘normalise’ this, as if that would even be possible, but to break the aftermath and reframe it briskly as a coaching. Besides, he feels far too sated to be bothered. This is fine. They can just lie here for a little. It’s fine.
Too much. Too much yelling, pain, confusion. Sherlock closed his eyes and feebly continued to fight. He kicked at Sebastian, but the man hardly flinched. He couldn’t breathe. When he opened his eyes a second later, he realized he also couldn’t see, his vision spotty and blurred.
Sherlock shrugs again and takes another long drag. “Maybe. Maybe not. But it’s not supposed to be like this, is it? I’m supposed to have a plan, a career path.”
In fact, he becomes more and more physically animated, which he unfortunately does not notice until he almost swats John in the face. John has to lean back quickly to avoid Sherlock’s ungainly, flailing limb.
Sherlock shakes his head. “No need to apologize. The thought hadn’t occurred to me either, until… well.”
She watched him go, heart hammering. But not for the reason one might think — yes, he had been scrutinizing her scientific procedure and data recording, and yes, he was rather a handsome man. But no, Molly's heart hammered because of what she had noticed.
By the time the food is done, there has been no sound from the bedroom for thirty minutes. John strides to the door and knocks. “Sherlock? Are you hungry?”
John nodded. “I guess when the bloke is also a proven drug dealer and shows no remorse for what he did to you, they tend to move quickly. I guess his family is also not exactly rich, so it’s not like they could get him off on community service or something.”
“It is deep and long, sir,” she said. “But I will be able to heal it. If one of you can help me get him to the infirmary?”
?” That was more like it. She could practically sense him sitting up straighter. “Did you see him and Watson together or something?”
“Surely you know,” Sherlock smirked from his perch on the arm of John’s chair, blushing a little when he saw John’s amused face but resolutely not commenting on it. “We both have dedicated our lives to this cause. Though I confess myself at a loss as to where
It was as if the universe heard these thoughts and moved to taunt him, because at that moment came a knock on the bedroom door.
He jerked the wheel so sharply that John lurched to the side as the ship tilted. Catching himself, he glared at Sherlock. But the pirate captain ignored him, staring ahead at Ekene. John’s gaze shifted, and saw the man give one final signal, a look of utter relief on his face.
He needn’t have worried, however. Irene and Kate immediately hailed him, and several deckhands waved him over as well. He sat, and John noticed with a smile how Ekene moved close and began explaining the game in a combination of signs and spoken words. Sholto tentatively raised his hands to try to reply, and whatever he said—or perhaps failed to say—made Ekene laugh. Sholto smiled.
John is back a moment later, tugging the blankets out from under him. “Come on, get under here,” he says, and they find each other beneath the sheets again. It takes a bit of arranging, but they get their limbs twined around each other, their heads on the same pillow, and it’s only a moment or two before Sherlock is asleep.
Next, they go to Café Central, which Sherlock insists is a mandatory stop, and when they arrive, John sees why. It’s a spacious, circular room with marble columns and table tops and a high ceiling, vastly more ornate than any café John’s been in before. They both order the Café Central breakfast, which is a riot of breads, pastries, meats, cheese, and scrambled eggs, and it’s all delicious. John sips his coffee with whipped cream and wonders for a private moment whose life he’s living, even as he listens and nods as Sherlock tells him about Trotsky coming here to play chess. After, they visit St Stephen’s, the famous cathedral right in the middle of the old city, then consider their options and debate between Schönbrunn Palace, Hofburg Palace, and the Belvedere Museum. Eventually they decide on the Hofburg, since it’s the closest. They wait in the queue, then wander through the stately, beautiful halls of the palace. Afterwards, they find a park nearby and stroll through that, too.
She trails off and Molly struggles to be fair about this. She doesn’t know the circumstances yet, after all. “Let me try,” she says softly. “I’d like to understand.”
John swallows, his entire face creasing with tension. “I reached over and touched him, and he flinched as though I’d burnt him. Like he thought I was going to hurt him. I knew it was instinctive, not him trying to make me feel bad, but I was – but then he corrected me, explained that it was more that he was afraid that I was going to start something I couldn’t finish again. Which is just as bad. I – I had to leave the room. He didn’t want me to. He asked if my staying there with him was really so much to ask, and I said it was more than I had to give, and left. And had a full-scale falling apart in the loo. It was… ugly.”
“They could have watched her through a screen,” Sherlock says stubbornly. “They could have kept up with her state of wellbeing. They thought she was dead, and grieved her loss.”
He stops, perhaps gathering his words. I’m still leaning forward. “Have you ever been in love?” I ask. Part of me wants to ask about his sexual history, but right here in this moment, his heart is foremost on my mind rather than his cock.
John stands. “Shall we?” he asks, just the right note of casualness there in his voice, yet it’s not enough to entirely mask the underlying anticipation there, and this alone warms Sherlock and reassures him.
There is an air of relaxedness between them that has possibly never been there before, not to the same extent, Sherlock muses. John stayed for a few months after Sherlock was shot, but they both knew it was temporary. At least, no one ever said so, but Sherlock was always conscious of a certain reserve about John, an air of taboo subjects that Sherlock instinctively felt he was not to ask about, and therefore didn’t. He’s not sure what’s changed, but somehow he feels somewhat certain that John is here to stay this time. They’ve talked about most of what needed to be talked about. John’s apologised for blaming him for Mary’s death and for that day in the hospital, and Sherlock’s made amends of his own. The Whitneys keep Rosie most of the time and John seems more or less content with this. They’ve had Rosie at the flat two weekends since the Eurus business, but otherwise John seems content to let them have her. Since the death of their son, the Whitneys have been especially devoted to Rosie. It’s a subject they don’t discuss much, but Sherlock also senses that it’s not off-limits. He could ask if he wanted to. Perhaps he will sometime. Meanwhile, he’s cautiously, privately rejoicing in the frequency of John’s smiles, the warmth that’s returned to his tone, even his sense of playfulness. He’s even started making bad puns again, something they used to do before Sherlock’s enforced disappearance. It was something of an ongoing joke.
They’re only a few streets away from the park where the victim was found. John frowns, thinking. “Isn’t there a rather good little pho place around here?”
John pushes himself halfway up, reaching for Sherlock. “You’re gorgeous,” he breathes, and claims Sherlock’s mouth again, sparing him the need to respond verbally, and Sherlock kisses back hard. Their cocks are pressing together, harder than ever, so after a moment or two, John releases Sherlock long enough to murmur, “So what are we doing with that lube in your hand?”
. Sometimes the very thought of it would make me gag. That, and the entire nightmare of Sherlock’s very near death – twice. (Trying to sound calm in the ambulance, my voice coming out unnaturally steady as his vitals flickered on the monitor… it still doesn’t bear thinking about to this day.) I went back because I wanted to not fail my own sense of integrity: I’d sworn a vow, even if she’d broken hers. And there was a baby coming. A baby I felt tremendously apprehensive about, but who was genetically mine, and what kind of shit leaves a baby, for Christ’s sake? I knew I had to go back. But God, I didn’t want to.
Todd nods. “She does often come in on Saturdays,” he says. He takes out his phone and pulls up a calendar. “Let me see… she has time tomorrow at half-past two. There was a cancellation. You were going to do your photo shoot, I know, but unfortunately it looks like it may well rain, anyway… you may want to postpone until Sunday sometime. Or head out in the morning. Kyle is technically off tomorrow, so he’s at your service.”
before moving her hand and pressing another kiss to Molly’s flushed cheek. A warm, amused laugh ghosts over Molly’s ear. “What’s a bit of tit-love between friends, anyway?”
When it comes down to it, the fact is that he does not know how deep the bond between John and his daughter goes, and feels that he cannot possibly make suggestions about any domestic or custodial arrangements regarding Rosie until he does. The problem, he suspects, is that John himself doesn’t know the answer to this, either. Sherlock never imagined that John would want to give Rosie up completely. Yet his question on the park bench the other day about having her here at Baker Street sometimes nevertheless took him by surprise – surprise that wasn’t necessarily positive. Is he jealous? Sherlock wonders to himself. Yes. Probably. He re-evaluates: definitely. John has assured him that their relationship will come first, but how can it, with a small child to care for? He did
Sherlock felt a flare of anger. “Rosie has two other godparents,” he said stiffly. “Why wasn’t I consulted? You’re not the only one with a responsibility for her.”
Sherlock doesn’t sit, though. He stops, putting his hands into the pockets of the dressing gown. “I… wondered if I could ask you something,” he says, sounding awkward. “For something, rather.”
“Sorry about that,” Sherlock says, zipping his credit card through the machine to pay for our tickets and still holding my hand.
I snicker, kiss him again, and go to rescue the apple crisp, and somehow my minor crisis of conscience is over, at least for now. We sit down and eat together, or as together as two adults and a baby can eat together, and it’s okay. It’s more than okay. It’s good.
To her astonishment, a second boy appears, short and stocky, sandy-haired, following Sherlock toward their imagined pirate attack. He leaps into the fray ahead of Sherlock, charging their foes, and she watches them slashing at the air, shouting to each other. Then Victor turns back and looks at her, seeing her there, and now he’s not Victor, but John Watson. He smiles at her. Vee marvels. He’s real, then. She smiles back at him and nods once, and he turns back to Sherlock, who has also transformed into his adult self, and now he looks at her and smiles, too, as transparently happy as he once was as a child.
Well. At least he’s not totally out of his depth, then, even not having touched any cock other than his own before. He’s glad to see that Sherlock seems to like it, and goes a little harder. “Like this?” he asks, his voice low and as seductive as he knows how to make it.
John shudders. He would rather have died. That’s the honest truth of it. He goes to the window and gazes out at his view. He always needed this, needed to be doing something different. Even if Mary hadn’t been what and who she was, that life never would have made him happy. And Sherlock was always the key to that freedom. Obviously there’s a mountain more to it than that, too, but they’ve made him feel so defensive that he doesn’t even want to go there right now.
“I know,” Sherlock says. “I should have guessed the truth sooner. I didn’t want to see it. I don’t want to believe it now.”
“No, of course not,” John allows. He’s curious. “Now that you’ve become more sexually active, do you think that applies there, too?”
“I haven’t done that in a while – come in my pants like that, but it was great,” I tell him honestly. I kiss him again. “I’d do that with you any time. I mean that, Sherlock. And it was incredibly special, too.”
Sherlock considers. “If we do, he’ll definitely know that we’re onto him. On the other hand, we could just photograph it here.”
“A camembert, a smoked gouda, and we already had that havarti that we hadn’t eaten yet,” John says. “I thought, three kinds of cheese, three kinds of fruit?”
John snorts. “Oh, as though that’s ever been a deterring factor,” he says, though it’s been ages since Sherlock’s days of wearing nothing but a sheet around the flat. He’s become considerably more private about all that since his return, in fact. John thinks of the scars Sherlock returned with and wonders if that’s the reason why. He suppresses a shudder. “I didn’t really come for any reason,” he says, trying to explain himself. “Just got bored out there.”
John nods slowly. “I guess I also just don’t get why it wasn’t more obvious to me. It was later, once I saw the autopsy. But I didn’t even notice the older bruises on the woman’s face until Sherlock pointed them out. Donovan – one of the sergeants – read me a whole thing from her phone about gaslighting and how the woman was obviously being subjected to emotional abuse as well as physical abuse, and it just didn’t even… I don’t know. It sounded like a normal married relationship to me.”
“Okay!” John understands and grips Sherlock’s hips again, pounding into him, and Sherlock grabs at his penis and jerks it unrestrainedly, hard enough to give himself friction burns were it not for the lubricant easing the way. John plunges deeper and deeper into him, all caution gone now. They’re both panting and moaning and swearing and then Sherlock is flying, the pleasure spiking sharply and suspending his breath. Light explodes behind his retinas and his back stiffens, his erection jerking in his own hand, John’s hand closing around his, then reaching back to cup at his quivering testicles as they unleash stream after stream of release. The pleasure is so thick it could choke him, drowning him as he shakes through the orgasm, electricity wracking his entire frame as his penis erupts uncontrollably.
Sherlock feels an edge come into his throat. This sounds as though John hasn’t found that person yet, that he still feels a need for it and that the need hasn’t been met as yet. Is the unknown Hazel Grange the answer to this void in John’s life? (Is that even a person?) The image in his head fades, the soap bubble burst and vanishing. Never has the pointlessness of yearning for a lifetime of the very thing John has just mentioned felt more underscored. It was never a realistic dream, never something that John would even contemplate for the two of them. Sherlock will never be an option to fulfill that role in John’s life. He will never feel John’s lips on his own. “I see,” he says stiffly. The pleasantness he was feeling before has evaporated, a heavy  hopelessness taking its place. He turns away from the tree to hide his face in his cup of tea, but that’s gone cold now, too. They decorate the rest of the tree in silence, silence which no longer feels companionable, to the point that when Mrs Hudson comes back up to examine the end result of their labour and exclaim over it, it feels like far too much of a relief.
Stamford shook his head. “Not many ships get wrecked in these parts. There’s no reefs or shoals or anything to damage a ship for miles. But there were reports last night of what sounded like cannon fire a few miles out.” He pointed farther past the harbor, to some place beyond where the human eye could discern. John nodded. Cannons would certainly have the ability to cause damage enough to sink a ship, but he himself had not heard them; he had fallen so deeply asleep after his journey the younger Stamford had had to shake him rather rigorously to rouse him.
“Noticed what?” John frowned. He turned, following Lestrade's gaze, and spotted a dark shape breaking the line of the ocean far in the distance. A ship.
Sherlock shakes his head. That is precisely the opposite of what the rest of the world has told him, precisely the opposite of what all the evidence says. “I’m really not.”
His flatmate, best friend — and so much more, if John were being honest — looked rather cramped in his chair. Legs tucked beneath his body, which was angled to the side, one arm cradling his head on the armrest and the other draped across his waist. It didn't look like the most comfortable of positions. And yet, Sherlock was sound asleep, breaths slow and soft.
jolted and rocked under them, tipping precariously on one end as it slipped on an inexorable path, into the depths.
Once again, the thought occurred to him: what had he done to them? Before, understanding John had been nearly as simple as comprehending his own thoughts. He had known John so well; they had been best friends, they had been lovers, they had fit each other so well.
By the time Boxing Day arrives, both Sherlock and John are sick of being inside. So they dress and wander out into the streets, enjoying the brisk air after so long cooped up. They window shop, but when it starts to rain, John drags him into a bakery called Simpson’s for tea and scones, their conversation as meandering as their plans for the day. For once, Sherlock doesn’t mind. He likes spending time with John, no matter what they end up doing. He wonders if he should worry about that.
“Not so fun, is it, Sherlock?” he asked. The crew around them laughed, and a few swung their boots at him. Sherlock flinched and tucked in his chin to protect his face from the blows. Their laughter grew louder, but they stopped kicking him. His limbs shook as he attempted to stand. Then, Moriarty’s foot pressed onto the small of his back, and Sherlock collapsed against the wood again with a groan.
John comes back into the sitting room wearing Sherlock’s plaid dressing gown. “Yeah, you are,” he says easily. He comes over and bends to kiss Sherlock quickly, on the lips, pride bursting almost visibly from every pore of his skin. He straightens up and, his back to Mrs Hudson, opens the dressing gown to display the underwear he’s chosen, smooth and black and fitting him so exquisitely that Sherlock is profoundly glad he’s already got his legs crossed. “I picked these ones,” he says. “How are they?”
Sherlock doesn’t answer right away, obviously processing this. His arm is still around John’s shoulders, his thumb rubbing lightly against the soft material of the new shirt. “It
Sherlock crawls up over him, arms bracing his weight. He touches John’s nose with his own, feeling his eyes go half-lidded, his pulse thudding heavily in his neck and penis both, the latter aching in unspent need. “Are you ready?” he asks, his voice husky with arousal.
“It’s a theory that fits the facts,” Sherlock says, rather soberly for him. “However: we’ll need to prove it. John and I will join the forensics team. Question Harris Mills’ colleagues. Let’s rule out any obvious enemies. And keep talking to the neighbours. I want to know if Sarah Mills had any friends, was ever seen by anyone else.”
The thought of butter chicken has considerable appeal, even with the massive distraction of John right in front of him, in his very arms. Sherlock’s appetite makes a sudden return after days of listlessness. He barely tasted the breakfast he cooked them earlier. “Can we get samosas?” he asks hopefully.
She doesn’t explain, but when that particular tone of voice is there – Molly scrambles to obey, getting herself out from behind Mary and onto the edge of the tub. “What are you – ” she starts, but Mary crawls over, pushes Molly’s knees apart, and puts her face between her legs, her tongue slipping into Molly’s wet folds and hitting gold on the first go and Molly’s breath suspends in a gasp of breath so sharp it’s nearly shock. Mary’s only done this for her twice before, something Todd never even tried, and it’s the best thing in the world. She unabashedly spreads her thighs as far as they will go and braces herself on the edge of the counter to her right, closing her eyes as Mary’s talented tongue strokes over her right where it counts, again and again… it all blurs in a wash of pleasure so that she’s hardly even aware of the sounds she’s making, or when Mary gets three fingers into her, thrusting them like a penis, and when Molly comes she nearly screams, and nearly falls off the edge of the tub, too, her legs clamping around Mary’s shoulders, and there’s a gush of wetness that says she’s just come, too, and it doesn’t even matter right now because it feels so good.
Sherlock shakes his head a little. “Nothing. You’re a good friend, you know. Better than I deserve.”
“But for you, danger helped,” Sherlock points out, and John feels acutely aware of just how deep Sherlock’s inherent understanding of him goes.
“Sure. I’d love some,” John says. “And you might want to change or shower… your shirt is covered in my blood. I’ll just put a fresh shirt on for now.”
was one of the riskiest of the plans, but Moriarty left him no choice.” He picks up his cup and drains it, then pours himself a refill. “This, however, was not part of an overall suicide plan, I think. The sole reason was, once again, John Watson. To see Sherlock have gone from someone so good at regulating and limiting his own emotional response to being someone who would do literally anything, without regard of the cost to himself, for another person is… troubling. This is precisely what I meant: this attachment runs so deeply that it goes well beyond the realm of his ability to make rational decisions. That’s how Sherlock functions, and that hasn’t changed since Redbeard. It’s all or nothing, and nothing is far safer for him.”
“Okay.” Sherlock pours a second cup of coffee and John comes around him to put the file down on the counter, opening it to the page he wants Sherlock to see.
Jodie’s eyebrows rise. “Well, I’ve got a few theories on that score, and besides, he’s not here, is he? Do you know where he is?”
Sherlock’s shoulders slumped in relief, but John continued. “In the morning. I’m going to check on my men.”
Irene glared at him. He was now gagged in addition to being tightly trussed to the mast. He glared back, but with more than a hint of fear.
Yet the pirate’s presence seemed to crawl all over John. All day, try as he might, he had been unable to keep his eyes off Sherlock. Whenever they had both been on the deck, his eyes had followed Sherlock, hyper-aware of his presence as he had pulled on the lines or manned the helm or bent over the maps with Ekene. Time after time John had almost gone to him. Now, though, he looked resolutely forward. He feared if he turned to Sherlock, he wouldn't be able to stop himself from seizing him and kissing him until his hard feelings melted away.
And that's all she wrote! ... For now. I actually have partially written one last installment in this series, which I'm planning on posting right around Christmas! Hope you liked this, and if you want, stick around for the final story! It'll be waaay fluffy, if that's any incentive :)
“So what about you?” he asked, desperate to finally shift the subject off of himself. “Why did it take you so long to return?” Indeed, the
John kissed him, briefly. “My genius pirate.” He turned back to the table, scanning the other parts of the collection with interest. “What’s this?”
John froze, his own hand halfway to meeting his. His lips parted, and he gaped for several moments. “Mycroft? Sherlock’s brother?”
That, or this person texting him was bluffing, Sherlock supposed. This could just as easily be someone playing a prank on a number they’d randomly typed in. But then, how could they have guessed a random number had gone to the carnival?
Irene surveyed John, her sharp eyes as keen as ever. “Take care of yourself. We’re off, but Sherlock said he’ll come back to show you the way to the doctor.”
The blanket gathered in a messy heap between them as Sherlock slid down from his chair to kneel before John. His hand found John’s again, but this time Sherlock was the one with his fingers around a wrist.
Sherlock hand moved of its own accord to pick it up. He flinched when he saw the name UNKNOWN again lighting up the screen. It was Sebastian.
John shook his head, forehead creasing in a bemused expression Sherlock had seen many times on his face. “No… why? Did you think I was?”
On one hand, there were stolen kisses, private giggles, and soft words whenever he and Sherlock could steal a moment. There were smiles meant just for one another, toiling side by side, and the crew’s affectionate jokes about the two of them while they were on deck. Everyone seemed to know of their altered relationship, and no one seemed surprised. John ate with the crew, talking most with Irene and Ekene and Wiggins, and found himself content. He fulfilled Winter’s and Sebastian’s duties with Ekene, and enjoyed them more than he had expected. Overall, things aboard the
“Enter,” came Sherlock’s amused voice. “I wouldn’t shoot my co-captain, particularly if you’re here for another round.”
He continues reading for nearly an hour before finally drifting off, right there on the sofa. And if his dreams contain detectives, bookstores, and charming writers with stunning smiles, well, who has to know?
?” Victor asked, joining them. “We are going after them—do we really need to hide? Why not just attack now?”
"What? Oh, no," Sherlock shook his head, a movement that made his curls bounce. "No, not like that. There may have been some mutual attraction, at one point, but..." Sherlock smiled. His eyes had a fond but bittersweet look in them. "Victor was too in love with the sea, and I... well, I'm not so good at... relationships." His nose crinkled at the last word.
“You freak! I’ll get you for this! I’ll-” Sebastian grunted as Lestrade planted his knee in his back.
Sherlock reached his hand out, and John stood straight, moving close. The pirate captain’s arm looped around his waist, and his head pressed against John’s chest. “So you really should not be swinging from ropes like a madman.”
The man does, moving as if to rest one foot on his knee, then seems to think better of it and sets both feet down flat on the floor. He leans back in his chair with his arms crossed. John, meanwhile, slides the pile of books—nine in number, paperback and hardcover, and in varying states of wear-and-tear—over to his table and flicks one open to the title page. It happens to be
“What?” Sherlock snaps immediately, voice saturated with exasperation — but also poorly disguised amusement. “Why did you give me this if you’re only going to interrupt me constantly?”
John beamed at him as Sherlock launched into a list of bones, instructing John to identify which one did not belong and what made it incongruous. He tried to concentrate on the notes, and not on the way John's sapphire eyes still managed to sparkle like that in the early morning light drifting in through the grimy bus windows.
“Is it?” John growled. “What about diplomacy? Or your original plan, outing them to the authorities and getting them blacklisted, shamed, shunned?”
“Well, I'm glad he did,” John smiles at both Ethan and the girl. Ethan beams back, and the girl grins at him, giving him a look and a significant glance at John. It's a look Sherlock can't quite decipher. Is she egging her brother on? Why? To what end?
Sherlock reached for his wine glass and downed half of it in one go. “You’ll see in a moment. Though I can’t promise it will be any good.”
“Yes do shut up, Sebastian,” Sherlock said. His throat felt scratchy and weak, but his resolve stood firm. “I’m not a freak.”
Sherlock felt a bowling ball-sized clump of dread fall into his stomach. Without a reply, he retreated.
John stuttered to a halt, his elevated heart rate seeming to have sent an awful lot of blood straight to his shoulder. He again fought off the urge to flinch and focused on glaring at Sherlock. However, to John’s surprise, the pirate did not appear angry. Instead, he simply blinked at John as though startled.
Sudden cries from their destroyer made John start. He watched, in awe and bewilderment, as the crew burst into a flurry of motion, and the ship pulled away.
John froze, any number of responses blooming and dying in his throat in rapid succession. How could he even begin to explain?
Irene appeared at his side, and she slung an arm around each man’s shoulders. “Nice work, Watson,” she smiled. “For an amateur.”
To Sherlock, Ekene’s fingers shaped what John suspected was a question, from the way his eyebrows raised. His hands moved too quickly for John to follow, however.
John has only a towel around his hips, and his skin looks soft, damp, and tantalizing. He smiles when he notices Sherlock’s eyes on him.
He sighed and turned to his first mate. “James, they saved our lives. And Miss Hooper is trying to help you.”
He could not understand it. Sherlock had had the chance and worse, the ability to save those men. The
John chuckles, a little self-deprecation slipping into his voice when he speaks again. “Yeah. My idea, actually. Seems fitting, doesn’t it?”
So John was not going to be permitted to leave without answering, it seemed. He sighed, shifted his weight, and took another drink. After he lowered the bottle, Sherlock’s eyes never having left his, he sighed once more. “I’ve heard of many pirates, but few by name. No Trevors.”
“You sound as if you already know the answer to that question,” Sholto said, taking the bottle back from John.
. Most men lost to pirates never returned home. But John had already promised himself to not join that list; he was not going to die here. And his brief foray onto the deck had intrigued him about the workings of the pirate ship. How did the women and men get along? What was their home port? Where were they going now?
John peered down at him. He knew sometimes Sherlock needed reassurance, having never had a love like this, but it always came at unexpected moments. And seeing his lover let his guard down in such a way was almost heartbreaking; he wished Sherlock could believe he deserved John’s love.
“I don't know how to do any of this, John. I've never... you're the first person I... I didn't expect to react the way I did to them. It just— happened. And I'm sorry. I'm sorry I ruined dinner.”
Oh. What if that is just how John is? What if he always picks up people at book signings? What if Sherlock isn't special?
In the streets, they pause and deliberate on the pavement for a moment before deciding to simply order takeaway when they get back to Baker Street; neither feels like combating weekend restaurant crowds.
Before he could observe more about the room, however, footsteps sounded. He looked up toward the door, in time to watch a man enter the space.
But John ignored him, striding straight into the chill water and tugging a scrap of dark sodden fabric out of a clump of seaweed. He stared at it with wide eyes.
“Fine, fine,” John lowered his center of gravity and began to circle the man. “Eight to four, with one draw besides. You’re still slipping.”
And all at once, saying the words was the easiest thing in the world, as easy as lending coffee to the chemistry student from upstairs, as easy as leaning up to kiss your study partner after acing a test. Saying the words was as easy as hugging your boyfriend after a criminal tried to take him from you, as easy as him forgiving you for leaving him alone.
I’m such a moron,” he says, panting, searching Sherlock’s eyes. “I’m – I can’t believe you still want me after all this time, and after everything I’ve – ”
John nods. “It feels incredible,” he says, meaning it. He bends forward and kisses Sherlock open-mouthed, and the addition of feeling Sherlock’s tongue against his again makes everything feel ten times more erotic.
Sherlock puts his lips to my face and kisses me, his arms still wound around me. “It’s better this way, isn’t it?” he asks, though it’s got to be rhetorical. “Being together?”
Sherlock rolls his eyes and hangs up the dishcloth. “It’s still nonsense. Probably a satellite or something. There are far more of them than people realise.”
Sherlock’s resolve weakens visibly. “What have you got so far?” he asks Lestrade. “I assume my brother sent a file.”
He leans back and explains the list of questions they’re to discuss with one another now, with the expectation of disclosing some of their answers with the group, while Todd moves around and listens in a little. Sherlock looks at John, feeling awkward about how much he just said, and still very much moved by what John said about his support as he was grieving Rosie’s death. “So,” he says uncertainly. “Should we – start with the first question?”
Life goes on, somehow. The months slip nightmarishly by and Molly just tries not to think about it. Nothing is working out the way Mary said it would, but then, she rarely even sees Mary these days. She babysits a lot and it’s her main contact with Mary. Rosie is sweet and Molly loves watching her grow and change day after day. She had hoped that Sherlock would take more of an interest in Rosie. She’s tried so hard to kindle some sort of fatherly instinct in him by pointing out Rosie’s most recent changes and achievements when she goes to Baker Street to pick her up, but Sherlock’s interest seems to be fleeting and based along strictly scientific lines – that, or anything about her that seems to remind him of John. Molly has to grind her teeth together and remind herself that she made Mary a promise to never reveal Rosie’s true parentage whenever Sherlock says something like this, ironically completely unaware of how unscientific it makes him sound.
There’s another chorus of agreement. Brad looks at Doug, then says, “In that case, we’ll host the first one. Say the second weekend of August, barbeque at ours? Doug makes a killer steak, cooked to order. We’ll provide beer and some other stuff, you guys bring what you want. Sound good?”
Sherlock looks up from the article he was reading on soil decomposition and blinks. “Like what?” he asks.
Sherlock opens his mouth as if to protest, with a slightly alarmed look in my direction, so I decide to cut him off. “Thanks,” I say firmly. “We’d really like that. One of these times, then.”
Sherlock turns his face to press a kiss to John’s palm. “He knew it was you. That you had a place in my life that he could never compete with. That he would only ever be able to get so far with me. I didn’t mean for him to get hurt, either, and I think he did. He was very gracious about it, though. I think he understands.”
John wakes with Sherlock’s arms still around him, though they’ve loosened in sleep. Last night rushes back to him in pieces – finding Sherlock in King’s College Chapel, kissing him on the bridge, the swans all around them, coming back here and everything that happened after that: them undressing each other, hands all over each other in fumbling, unpractised want, John sucking Sherlock off, Sherlock touching him after, and then Sherlock’s exploration of his body after, winding up with Sherlock inside him, and one of the single best orgasms he’s ever had. His cock twitches just thinking about it, already hard and pressed up against some part of Sherlock’s body. And as he lies there, blinking the fog out of his eyes and thinking over the events of last night, he realises with relief that there’s not one scrap of him that feels even the slightest bit of shame over what’s happened between them. He wouldn’t be embarrassed to have anyone – or everyone – know that Sherlock was inside him last night, or how incredible it was. That they’re together now, together for real, not just for show, that they love each other and that it’s going to last forever – at least if he’s got anything to say about it.
“So that’s – the accounts, plus, what those two holdings?” John asks. He looks to Sherlock for clarification. “Mutual funds or something?”
He’s half-expecting Sherlock to roll away again, now that the nightmare has faded, but he doesn’t. John lies there in the dark, wide awake, his heart still pounding from the sudden wake-up, waiting for Sherlock to pull away from him. Instead, Sherlock’s tensed muscles relax a little as he shifts back into sleep, pressed up against John closer than John has ever dared hold him, and if it were any other situation, it would be frankly fantastic.
. “I told you not to get anything for me,” she scolds, but her eyes twinkle a little over the glass she accepts and she looks grateful. She’s grown bigger, Molly notices, the curve of her belly rounding firmly.
Sherlock’s mother hesitates. “Well… indefinitely,” she says. “Hear us out: she’s little. Just one. She doesn’t have a mother – and if you want my opinion, never had much of one. She may have two fathers now, more or less, but the two of you have your work. We all know perfectly well that you cannot possibly just drop an infant on Martha Hudson at any hour of the day or night every time you need to go to a crime scene. And it’s not that I’m suggesting at all that you wouldn’t make whatever choices you needed in order to look after Rosie responsibly, but it would hamper you. You know it would. I’m sure it already does.”
She’s too insecure and it’s all right there in her voice. Mary’s eyes go soft. “Oh darling,” she says, putting her hands on Molly’s face again. “It never meant nothing. Not to me, at any rate. I believe very strongly that a person can care very deeply about more than one person at a time. Look at me and David. Some part of that will never die, no matter how much I love John.”
Sherlock feels a thrill of discovery, and sees on John’s face that he feels it, too. “Then our theory is significantly closer to being confirmed,” he says. “If Marina Gubnitskaia was carrying this flashlight when she landed in the sea, then it’s very possible that the other flashes
“Quite,” John says, his voice reflecting the same satisfaction. Neither of them looks into the mirror to see Mary being led away.
John decides to abandon the main street and turns off onto a narrow side street. Maybe it was too much to hope that things could ever get better. Maybe too much crap has happened at this point. It was so good in the beginning, but the beginning was a long time ago. Nevertheless, regardless of what Mary meant in that video, whatever her insinuations were with that line about
The doorbell rings, startling her. Who could it be? No one ever comes here. Not now. Molly pulls herself up from the sofa and goes to answer it.
pop; it nearly always makes John smile, and this time is no exception. “It needs to cook for eight hours or so.”
Molly sighs now and Mary catches it. “What’s up?” she asks, rather brightly for someone whose new husband just walked out on her for no apparent reason. Molly knew that something must be up already; Sherlock’s friend had said something about John keeping his shirts packed all the time or something, back in the lab, but she’d been paying more attention to Sherlock himself and hadn’t really picked up on it at the time.
Mary looks down at Molly’s hand, and smiles. “All right,” she says, and there’s an interesting tone to her voice. Molly isn’t sure what it is, or what it means, but Mary doesn’t explain.
, know that what Sherlock feels is every bit as deep or deeper than John’s own feelings, that he is the entire foundation upon which Sherlock’s life is built. Perhaps it isn’t too late to tell him. Perhaps he should, and damn the risk once and for all.
“Thanks, Dad,” Sherlock says, rolling his eyes, but he can’t quite help the pleased smile that’s trying to form at the corners of his mouth.
John smiles at him and tries to persuade the flock of butterflies in his belly to settle down. “Sure.”
“She died in an accident,” he says, his voice bleak. “It wasn’t anyone’s fault. But – again – I had done so many things wrong in our relationship. I wasn’t there for her when she lost her mother. I wasn’t even there for her before that. And worse, I never really wanted her. I loved her – but I saw her as a symbol of something that kept me tied to Mary, tied to that disastrous life choice, something that kept me away from Sherlock and being where I really wanted to be, with the person I really wanted to be with.”
Sholto gives him a slightly curt smile and hands over the small laminated card with the convention logo and the word “GUEST” in large letters. Sherlock clips it on his shirt, feeling a bit of a thrill as he does so.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and pulled his hands from John's, cradled his face, and pressed their lips together again. John grinned into the kiss, his own hands reaching up to brush hesitantly against the nape of Sherlock's neck. Sherlock had no idea how to kiss, so allowed John to take the lead. John was gentle, just barely putting pressure on Sherlock's mouth, keeping his own lips firmly shut. It was a kiss that left Sherlock wanting more.
would have no qualms coming after you. They will kill you if they get the opportunity, so do not give it to them. Tell anyone who asks this: the
“That’s quite a promise,” John says as they approach. “Sounds good to me. I like a classic British dinner now and again.”
Sherlock’s eyes flicked up to his again, then away once more. “Thank you.” He sat up too, fidgeting. “I’ve wanted this for so long, John. I am loath at the thought of stopping it now, of taking it a step backward, simply because it happened fast. Simply because you and I have so much… so much to be dealing with.”
“Captain Holmes is quite good at getting me what I need,” she smiled. She seemed almost too young to be a ship’s doctor, perhaps four and twenty, but he truly could not judge, having not yet seen her at work.
At last, a question John had prepared for. "I knew my wound was in a bad state. So I waited until the ship got into port and they all left. By then I had worked out of my bonds, and I slipped off the ship."
“Hang on,” John cut him off. Dread sank through his stomach, lead-like. “Keep me? You’re taking me prisoner?”
He watches as John signs Ethan's book too and bids them farewell. Relieved, Sherlock begins to move forward again through the crowd, when the girl gestures, mouthing words. ‘
“Mycroft…” John looked down. “Listen. Your brother saved my life. He could have just as easily thrown me overboard when the
“Maybe,” she agreed with a laugh. “Anyway, I just wanted to tell you about this. Oh, and Wednesday I'm definitely looking for one on Watson.”
“Yeah,” John nodded. “I thought so too. What do you think he was doing out? I thought he was in prison for, like, another year or two.”
John’s heart squeezed in his chest. He set down his empty glass and stood, glad he wasn’t too tipsy to do this. He held out his hand. “Dance with me?”
Colin smiled, and Greg was suddenly struck by the flecks of gold in his hazel eyes. And he found himself smiling back.
Sherlock nods and watches as John finishes writing in the second and third books. Then, however, John pauses and returns to
John sucked in a slow breath. “There’s just… something I wanted to talk to you about. Nothing bad, just… important.”
He was stretched out on his bed, debating whether to once again try to prove Janine wrong, to try to prove he could attract a partner on his own. It would be the eighth night, and all the chats he had been having with strangers were proving to be repetitive at best, alarmingly creepy at worst. He was tired of this method.
“I thought… the bet…” Sherlock said, changing the subject. “You couldn’t have tea, I couldn’t have chocolate…”
But he knew he was beaming, heart pounding from the laughter and happiness, and as John eased his tickling digits and pulled Sherlock close for a kiss, he could not help but think that no matter what happened, next term or in the future, he just wanted to get to do this sort of thing with John all the time.
John suppressed a sigh. This was just like one of the admiralty’s parties. There, there were always so many questions about his time on the
John laughs without humor. “Understatement. He yelled for… oh, at least an hour that next morning. Mum cried the whole time to see us fighting. I ended up taking those bags I’d packed and leaving. Went to stay with my sister Harry until I got accepted into uni.”
He looked ill, exhausted. His face was pink and peeling from the sun, his hair was tangled, and his eyes were closed. He appeared to be perhaps thirty years of age.
“What?” he peers over into the space, apparently on his toes so he can tuck his chin on Sherlock’s shoulder.
Now, though, as he thought of the events on the rooftop and how Sherlock had looked at him with wide eyes and fear emanating from every inch of him, they all came rushing back. All the protectiveness and affection and tenderness he had felt surged up within him, making his chest constrict with worry, concern, love. Because Sherlock had looked
Sherlock frowned at him for another moment, then an unexpected grin flitted across his angular face. “Typical,” he muttered, shaking his head. “You always liked a dramatic exit.”
She considered. “That’s a good idea.” She set down her now empty cup and slung the strap of her bag over her shoulder. “I guess I’m off. I’d better polish the draft before I go see him.”
Sherlock stood before a door, trepidation sending flutterings through his body. He took a deep breath, then surveyed the words on his phone.
The conversation quickly devolved into the blurting of theories that only grew more absurd as time passed. (Perhaps the end of term stress and workloads were getting to them all, not just Greg.)
John shook his head, though his cheeks heated. “No. He and I never… did anything. I think we might have someday, but… it never felt like the right time or the right situation.”
Curious, he tapped the notification. The phone automatically opened to the website, and brought up the in-site chat function. A message waited there. Then, a moment later, another appeared.
“It’s fine,” John says, and finds he means it. “I’m not angry. Though I’m a little upset with James. I’ve no idea why he felt the need to — well, have whatever that was, that exchange with you.”
The cases continued, but in a different way. Sherlock wasn’t the same after the gunshot, and spent many hours in sterile rooms getting scans and prescriptions, dealing with breathing and renal problems, unforeseen trauma resulting from Mary’s bullet. Sherlock barely talked about it, but in his eyes, John saw acceptance.
And the way to connect with them was just too easy. Give them a note wrapped in a bill or tucked into the cardboard sleeve of a coffee, and they would get their message. Later let them shake his hand in gratitude when he dropped a few coins in their cup and receive a reply. Simple.
Back in the present, Sherlock sighed and settled back farther into the cab’s seat cushion, crossing his arms. As he did so, his arm pressed against his phone, tucked into an inside pocket of his coat. Sebastian had only sent him one text so far, just a vague reference to how much he’d thought about Sherlock in the last twelve hours or so. Sherlock supposed it was a mark of how strange his life had become lately that this did not concern him much. At least Sebastian did not seem to be trying to actually
“Of course.” He stared at the man a moment longer, then forced himself to break his gaze. He turned back to the ocean, hand coming unconsciously up to touch his bandaged shoulder, and winced.
“And you think a woman will go unnoticed sneaking onto their ship and straight to their cannons? Even if she got aboard, they would surely not let her out of their sight. A large portion of the
“If anyone is moronic enough to sustain a chemical burn, let me know immediately. This is an unlikely scenario, but from the general performance I have seen from you so far, I would not be terribly surprised were you to manage it.”
“So, Mr. Watson,” Mycroft begins, ignoring Sherlock. “I trust sales of your latest novel are going well?” he says the word
Sebastian turned red in response to the yells and cheers for Winter, who stood, tossing her long plait over her shoulder. They shook hands and she returned to the crowd, where she was swarmed by congratulating pirates.
“Sherlock,” John said, voice sharp, though he was fighting the urge to smile. “I thought we’ve been over this. I love what we do, I love this ship, and this crew, and you. For three years, all I wanted was to be back on your ship with you. Hell, I’d swab the decks if you wanted me to, as long as I could stay.”
“Actually,” Lestrade called before they got more than a few steps away. “Let me drive you. The Tube will be busy.”
“What— what’s got into you?” John asks, breathless, after a while. He looks down at Sherlock, who is grinning.
heard of you, Sherlock. An upstart little pirate, barely out of childhood but somehow moving about the seas unseen, targeting NOTP ships and those they came into contact with. You were a bit of a folktale among my sailors. Everyone likes a pirate tale, but I saw the pattern of your movements when no one else did. Even my father didn’t see. He just saw you as a nuisance we could eliminate any time.
“John,” Sherlock whispered. He pulled back a bit, but only far enough for John to attach his mouth to his jawline. “I have a question for you.”
John giggled at the petulant look on Sherlock’s face, and soon Sherlock’s put-out expression faded until they both were shaking with mirth. John felt buoyant, as if nothing could go wrong. Sherlock was here, in his arms, and they were alright.
On the other hand, there was worry, pain in his shoulder, and concern for the future. There were dozens of times a day when John would suppress a wince as his sensitive, ever-worsening shoulder protested his motions. John feared, more and more, about what would happen to it. Nothing Sherlock or Wiggins did for it seemed to help. More than that, it had been eleven days since the battle and the fog. Eleven days since John had seen his crew aboard the
—enough that he does not hear what John is saying to this new fan. He does, however, notice the rapid scan John gives the gathered people. Seeking someone in particular. Seeking... Sherlock?
Another day, he spoke about a distant dream, one he’d never harbored in his younger, more reckless years — a small cottage overlooking green fields and the gray-blue sea, with beehives and a vegetable garden. A place just for him and John, where Rosie would visit between school terms and on bank holidays. A retirement, a quieter life.
And again, the question prodded at John’s mind. Would Sherlock have hidden his problems from John if their relationship meant anything?
The smirk widened on John’s face, turning a bit suggestive. “Hmm. Sounds like an agreeable alternative.”
She smiles. “Nor do I, dear.” She sobers quickly though, face going serious. “Is he alright, though? He’s seemed a bit snappish lately.”
Sherlock’s lips twitch. “Well, I’m hardly opposed to having someone who actually does the cooking and cleaning and paying the bills.”
A week after the first one had arrived, Sherlock was sat in the university’s library, working on an assignment. He was nearly finished when his phone buzzed and he turned to see the name - UNKNOWN - lighting up the screen. He ignored the first few, but after the fourth, he caved and snatched up the device.
. “Sherrinford is one of my favorite characters I’ve written. He tries to put out such an aloof attitude but is truly so emotional. It’s a complex balance, but I love the challenge.”
John has always enjoyed the sensation of being inside a library. Something about the hush that permeates the space, the unique scent of old books, the simple joy of sitting surrounded by stories and knowledge — John loves it all.
After a few minutes, however, he sighs. He isn’t old — he’s not even thirty yet, dammit eyes — but he has begun to need reading glasses on occasion. He forgets often, though, and catches himself squinting or his eyes aching a bit. So he locates his bag (discarded next to Sherlock’s bed), digs out his glasses, then returns to the sofa.
He continued stroking Sherlock’s hair for several minutes, soaking in the sensation and the quiet that settled around them. The waves were rhythmic and steady beneath the ship, and for the first time since before the attack on the
They work in silence for a while at their separate pursuits, surrounded by the sound of flipping pages and scratching pens and tapping fingers at keyboards (the breakneck pace at which Sherlock types never fails to impress John).
Knowing he will regret this, John climbs out of the window into the cold and settles down across from Sherlock as best he can.
When he had come home and retreated immediately into the bed, he had brushed against the wound as he’d tried to find a comfortable position on the pillow. Three tosses and turns later, he had given up and resigned himself to sleeping on his back instead of his usual side position, so as not to put pressure on the injury. As he’d lain there, he had listened for John, wondering what his boyfriend was thinking about, if he was going to come to bed later, or leave.
John’s gaze was fierce as he leveled his gun and fired. A man near Sherlock fell, crying out as a bullet rammed through his gut. A crack shot.
He nodded as he signed on to his laptop. She took a seat in the chair at the end of his desk, dropping her bag onto the floor next to her. This was not the first time she had gone to a professor for advice on an assignment, so she knew what would follow — the awkward few minutes during which the professor would read the paper, and she would have to sit, trying not to fidget or stare at them too intensely. She never knew what to do with herself…
“How do you expect me to know what to do in a relationship?” Sherlock says, his own voice increasing in volume now. “I’ve just said I never had one!”
Irene’s eyebrows retreated so high they nearly reached her hairline. Ekene laughed, hearty and genuine. “Me and
“Well, I had considered asking you to be our ship doctor before she came to me with her decision. I can hardly turn her away, she’s a friend, so I was unsure what to do with you.” Sherlock shifted his position and made a show of adjusting their course.
And he tugged him down into another kiss. Sherlock hummed in pleasure against his lips and pulled him even closer.
“Then, several months into this professional partnership between company and consultant, my father found an inconsistency he could not bring himself to ignore. The manifests of one particular ship,
John sighs. “You know what I mean. When did you first get into chemistry? What do you want to do after uni? What do you want to do with your degree? What are your... you know, ambitions?”
That evening, John finds that despite the fact it’s a holiday, he can’t stop thinking, wondering… worrying.
was the one at the helm of a well-armed pirate ship, surrounded by men and women with weapons at the ready as they coursed over the waves toward battle.
“Right, sorry,” John says as he spins around to face Sherlock. “I wanted to get that down before I forgot it.”
“I thought I’d show you a bit of what I learned in prison,” he hissed, predatory ferocity in every syllable. “You messed up little freak, you deserve it.”
“Guess so. We could always ask Watson, ‘hey, professor, do you happen to have a love bite we can examine? For science?’ ”
“Since when are you so smart about people?” John sits up again and regards his boyfriend, who’s wearing a sympathetic but slightly exasperated look on his face.
The man rolled his eyes. “Nothing untoward, I assure you. But perhaps you will be more comfortable discussing this in another location?”
It may not be swordfighting or proper medical training, but John supposed it was a good place to start nonetheless.
“Irrelevant,” Sherlock says. He pulls John closer and finds his mouth at last. John lets out a pleased sigh and kisses back.
However, as he and Stamford drew nearer to the debris, suspicion crept into John’s mind. If that was the main mast, this had been too small a vessel to the one of the Royal Navy’s. Its size was more befitting something like a schooner. Likely not one of his friends’ ships then.
“Morning,” Sherlock says. His voice is hoarse, but makes John smile. The writer sits on the edge of the bed, running his fingers through Sherlock’s hair. It’s soothing, and Sherlock leans into it.
Sherlock watched him a moment, as the words settled around them. John tightened his grip on his cup, wondering what Sherlock’s reaction would be.
John shook his head. That was the farthest thing from his mind right now. “It was nothing… but… Sherlock,” he breathed. “What I said, before you left… Well, what I almost said, I mean-”
Molly snatched up her bag and the journal, then left quickly. Holmes, who had been sitting in one of the chairs that lined the corridor, leaped to his feet. Again, his arm twisted behind his back as if hiding something.
“What?” Sherlock presses. He remembers how immune to deduction Moriarty had been; he craves any insight John can give him.
“Don’t, please, I don’t want to hear it. Just go. You don’t have to officially end things, you don’t have to give me all this to make me feel better. Just get out and move on.” Sherlock bit his lip, hard, trying to stave off his emotional pain with physical discomfort.
“Damn, John Watson.” James shook his head. “You are a force to be reckoned with. How is it you only first began training with a sword a few years ago?”
After all, he normally hates this stage of writing. It’s the most revealing part — other than after the book is published and reviews flow in, of course. John dreads these early bits, dreads anyone seeing him tearing his hair out over plot and character development and bloody adverbs.
“No,” John interrupted. “Not just as I do. I have a crew. But they’re more than just friends; they’re my family, not by blood, but by choice. So don’t you dare try to say your connection to your people is somehow unique. And while you’re at it, don’t try to manipulate my feelings. I won’t feel sympathy for you, no matter how hard you try to make me.”
Sherlock trails off, apparently too delighted to speak, judging from the way he’s grinning. John doesn’t need him to continue, of course; he’s memorized every word already, down to the address of the awards dinner venue.
John laughs and nods. They both sit down at the cluttered table, and John is just about to tuck in properly when he abruptly remembers the tea.
His landlady gasps, her hand jumping up to her mouth as a grin appears there. “Oh, Sherlock, that's wonderful!”
“Yeah, once the seminar ended, a few of my particularly loyal… well, students, I suppose you could say, lobbied me to form this. So now, we meet every week to exchange drafts, discuss things. Usually I do a bit of a talk about some topic at first, then we all critique each other’s writings. I get paid for that too, and the uni usually has me do a seminar at least once every other term or so.”
“That, what you saw back there?” Sherlock waves toward the shop. “That’s me, really me. I am arrogant, and vindictive, and unfeeling. I don’t stop myself saying whatever comes to mind, and I have little regard for other people’s feelings. I have no friends because of this, nor do I need any.” He blinks the rain out of his eyes, and a few small droplets linger on his lashes. “I knew… I knew you would find out eventually.” His voice has lowered so much that John leans forward to catch his words. “I just hoped it wouldn’t be so soon.”
“It hurts,” John muttered—probably a stupid statement, but Sherlock did not react. Instead, he had sat up and swung his legs out of bed. “Where are you going?”
It did stop, however, after just a few brilliant moments. John stepped back, though his hands were still gripping Sherlock's. He stared up at him, eyes wide as if he were feeling as surprised as Sherlock. "I..." he stammered, his cheeks reddening. "Wasn't expecting that."
Sherlock nods, seeming to realize he has cornered himself. “Yes… But it’s nothing, really. Nothing I’d ever get published.”
“Well, the total arse who threatened to stab my gorgeous boyfriend is in prison for a long time, I am passing all my modules, and I have nothing to do this weekend except spend time with my aforementioned gorgeous boyfriend. Something I plan to take full advantage of.” John’s nose pressed into the crook of Sherlock’s shoulder, and Sherlock could feel his smile.
All in all, John concluded they were both doing well. In fact, he couldn't remember having been happier in all his life.
“Very well,” the man sighed. “Though I would have thought discussion of a certain pirate captain would intrigue you…”
A few hours later, Sherlock darted out of the pub, huffing and arranging his hair back into its proper place. He’d just spent the evening in various venues, scoping out the patrons for someone suitably attractive and intelligent. So far, the entire population of every pub, restaurant, and club could be divided into three categories: handsome but idiotic, quiet but boring, or too drunk to have any other distinguishing features.
“What?” Sherlock shot back. “We have found them. The only way to do this is by sinking the damn thing.”
Sherlock sighs and faces him. When he does, John links their fingers, his thumb brushing the back of Sherlock’s hand.
“Here, Cap,” the boy appeared with more rags in his hands. The red-haired woman made room for him, and John stepped around her to see better. Wiggins peered at the wound for a moment, then shook his head. “I dunno, Cap. I can stitch her up, but that’s about it.”
Sherlock stands and faces Sebastian fully. He’s never been so glad he has a few inches over this viper. “Stay away from him. He wouldn’t be interested in someone like you.”
Finally, after darkness has taken over the room entirely, John leans back. “Come to bed,” he murmurs from inches away and yet still in such a quiet voice that Sherlock nearly misses the words.
Molly nudged Greg's arm in greeting. He nudged back and smiled, then pulled out his book, notebook, and pencil.
Sherlock sighed and twirled a lock of hair around his finger. Finding Sebastian was proving more challenging than he had expected. The residential records had yielded to him any leads, and cracking the firewall of London’s CCTV network was above his abilities for now. He’d need to hone his hacking skills a bit. Pity Mycroft did not yet have clearance; that would have streamlined this entire process.
No, he amended. John was decent, and rather chivalrous at times. He would probably say goodbye in person.
But John pounced, pressing the pillow over Sherlock and sending them both toppling over backward onto the mattress again. A loud laugh burst out of Sherlock against his will as John began to tickle him, and the younger boy’s arms flailed as he tried, only half-heartedly, to fend off John. This was actually rather wonderful, the whole situation. John was staying, John was touching him… What more could he want?
Energy surged through John again. Was this another foe? But it could not be; the first ship had fled without hesitation. Yet this was not a Royal Navy ship, or any other ship of a nation John recognized.
“If only we hadn’t lost you in the first place, Lieutenant!” a loud sailor called over, having apparently listened to the conversation.
John watched, sipping the last of the champagne, as Sherlock stepped over to the desk and pulled up something on his laptop. Soft violin music poured out of it.
“But-!” the girl spluttered. She looked at Molly with wide eyes, but Molly didn't move to defend her.
They fell silent for a moment. Then, Molly smiled, squeezed his arm, and let go. “I'm glad you told me, even if it was kind of unplanned,” she murmured.
John shifts, then nods. “Yeah, alright. It’s just that he — I mean, his company — has a bad reputation. They’re a vanity press, so most people I know steer clear.”
“Hot,” he manages, choking slightly. John tries not to laugh, but doesn’t succeed. Finally, Sherlock recovers after guzzling down half a glass of water. He blinks rapidly to stave off the wetness in his eyes.
The sun shone strong and bright in the sky, and the waves were choppy but manageable. John paused, closed his eyes, and sighed. The wind was salty and cool on his face, refreshing. God, he had missed this.
“Thanks, love,” he says, tracing across Sherlock’s cheekbone with his thumb. Sherlock presses into the touch, then turns his head to kiss John’s palm.
Sherlock glanced at the other pirate, whose fingers flew, his expression amused. The pirate captain chuckled and signed something back. John watched, utterly left out.
“You don’t know anything about us,” Sherlock snapped. “Besides, it’s none of your business, and that cannot be what you wanted to discuss with me on a rooftop. Out with it.”
“I know you’re already Rosie’s adoptive father,” John said. “I know we don’t need paperwork to tell us what we are to each other. But…”
“It’s Lestrade,” he sighed, shoulders sagging. “He’s asking me to come fill out some paperwork from the case…” He looked up at John. “Oh, yeah, by the way I took a case yesterday. So.”
John pursed his lips and kissed the top of Sherlock’s head. “I could say the same to you, you know.”
He held his breath and began to float, limbs loose and splayed. If he appeared dead, perhaps they would not shoot him…
The night before, after the Sebastian debacle, John had gone downstairs to his own flat to shower and sleep. However, as Sherlock lay in his bed, alone, he found that he couldn't bring himself to close his eyes. And it wasn't the caffeine from the half-finished coffee earlier; it was adrenaline and fear still thrumming through him. So after nearly an hour, he rolled over and snatched his phone from the bedside table, nearly ripping the charger from the wall in the process.
“Whose elections? Theirs or ours?” John asks. “Actually, never mind. Probably best I don’t know too many details.”
2. Authors often get advances from their publisher for a book deal. The amount varies greatly and is influenced by lots of factors—the author’s fame, the book’s content, how much the publisher is willing to spend on marketing, and so on. One publisher I know of recently in real life was so excited by a new novel from a debut author that they gave them a huge advance, made the book a lead title of the season, and have already sold the rights for a film based on it. Obviously this is quite an exceptional case, but the point is advances can be pretty important to authors’ livelihoods.
Now, John was used to feeling unsteady; he did live on a ship, after all. He did not, however, expect to feel as if the floor were rocking at this particular moment.
“It is,” John tilted his head. “I recognized you from your photo, and your initials, though I have to say…” He paused, and smiled. “The picture didn’t do you justice by a long shot.”
my father’s money had been taken—and took to the seas. I was eighteen years old, just out of formal schooling and finally free of my brother’s direct influence. All the while, Victor sent letters, which I would receive at port.” He swallowed. “They stopped coming two years ago. The last thing he told me was he that he had discovered where to find the NOTP leadership and would give more details in his next missive. Of course, he never did. So without warning, I had another reason to hate the NOTP.
“You are remarkable, Captain Watson,” Victor said. “You’ve captured the heart of Sherlock Holmes. I thought he was certainly meant to remain forever wed to his desire for adventure and revenge.”
He chuckles when he notices a smear of marmalade on the corner of Sherlock’s mouth. Sherlock’s eyebrows crinkle at the center. “What?”
“Alright, give it back.” John snatched the paper and shoved it back in his pocket. “And say nothing. I have a reputation, you know.”
“Sorry,” John chuckled, calmer now. “I probably do not smell pleasant, with all the blood and seawater from yesterday.”
John glanced over his shoulder as they headed up to the deck. He didn't bother to ask how Sherlock knew; it was clear that was just one of his fascinating abilities. "I did. I felt Wiggins has enough to cope with, so I asked him how to mix it.”
When she reached for John, he pulled her into hugs and wrapped her in coats and pushed her on the swings. He gave her books and toys and as many cuddles as she wanted. He watched cartoons and princess films and nature shows with her until she fell asleep on his lap. He drew pictures with her in the margins of newspapers and on the back of her homework and sometimes in Sherlock’s scientific notebooks. As her skills developed into an actual knack for art and writing, he saw his influence in her love for mystery and rugged beauty.
John nods along as she speaks, still smiling. It's the smile he used at the other book signing, where Sherlock met him. It's the smile that made Sherlock want to open up to this man, even though it was a bit terrifying to do so. It's the smile that the characters possess in the books now, in his mind’s eye.
“Of course. She’s the flagship, the pride and joy of the NOTP, according to my contacts. Other than the threat of being killed for being a spy, working for the East India Company has its perks,” he added to John. “They sometimes work with or hire NOTP ships, so I’ve got good information from my time with them.”
“Hey.” He tried to catch Sherlock’s eye, and so slipped his fingers under his chin to tilt his head back up. “Do you mean that?”
His heart was still pounding when Ekene found him, gripping his arm. The poor man’s hands were shaking so much he could not say anything. A rush of sympathy flooded John, and he slung an arm around the man’s shoulders.
And John set down his tea on the table beside his chair, slid to the floor between his seat and the other, and took Sherlock’s hand into his. “No,” he breathed, with heart pounding. “Don’t think like that.”
“Oh,” Sherlock feels a thrill shiver through him at the thought that John wants to spend more time with him, alone. “You cook?”
John, soft and peaceful next to him, did not appear to be fully awake yet, but Sherlock’s words made him shift and his eyelids to flutter. He rolled over, sliding the pillow beneath his smiling face, and Sherlock reached out to rest a hand on his arm.
Sherlocks turns to gaze out the window, and John can tell he is watching the city go by, probably willing the cab to move faster. John beams at him.
So he stood, grabbing his coat as he swept out the door. Meddling Janine, damn her. He’d show her. He didn’t need her or her stupid dating profile.
He crouched a few feet away, having apparently thrown himself forward to catch Sherlock, though he had stopped himself at the last moment. Now, he was waiting, eyes wide with fear and concern, for Sherlock to acknowledge him. At the sound of his name, his expression crumpled.
“You haven’t changed much in the regard of easily bored, darling.” Sherlock rolls his eyes, but he’s clearly biting back a laugh, so John continues, too curious not to probe further. “So you were going to basically be Sherrinford when you grew up?”
“Well, Molly,” he sat back, scrolling back to the top of her paper. “I think you’ve got a strong essay there. Well researched, well thought out. I do think, though, it could use some restructuring. If you move your second point first, it makes the argument you’re making stronger, see? It flows better that way.”
,” Sherlock manages, blinking moisture out of his eyes. He opens the box and takes out the ring. “Am I allowed to wear it now already?”
Even in the moment, he can recognise it as the signal of him having actually relaxed and recharged during his long sleep, and it feels good. As fantastic as last night was, it’s nice to get to do this without the edges of shock, exhaustion, and even his relief at having found Sherlock and fixed things between them in the background. Now they can do this without him having to work at shutting the rest of it out. The night’s sleep has given it some distance. Now he’s distracted by Sherlock twisting around, reaching for something behind him. “What are you doing?” he asks.
Sherlock nods, not trusting himself to speak, and John goes to the CD player, barely-used anymore, and fits the disc into the tray. The first waltz comes on, the A-flat Major (solo piano version), and he comes back to Sherlock.
Nevertheless, he hadn’t suspected Mary’s involvement. To this day, he remembers the cold feeling that had slithered into his belly when he saw the bottle of her perfume in the Baker Street sitting room. A new bottle, unopened: not hers, yet a ghostly wisp of its scent nonetheless seemed to hang in the air. Suddenly his own question seemed idiotic:
She trails off as though uncertain of herself, but this one time, it’s an act. Sherlock’s eyes are focused intensely on her for once. “Yes?” he prompts, the tension in his voice betraying him.
Molly is peering into the specimen fridge in her lab when her phone rings – not the landline, but her own. She pulls off her gloves and gets it out of her pocket, frowning at the screen as she answers . “Kate,” she says. “What’s going on?”
“No, you were right. I should have been watching her.” John runs a flannel under cold water and presses it to the cut and Rosie cries more loudly still.
