It was a simple thing, him leading the group.  After the near death experience they all seemed to trust him more, he still hadn’t told them his name, but that didn’t seem to matter.  His suggestions were all logical, and only Dwight ever really conferred with him on any ideas.  It was nice, surprisingly.  The same day he told them his name, was the same day he found a cool new leather jacket.  Everyday he felt further and further from the soft crybaby of a pussy he’d become as a family man, which led him closer and closer to a life only barely adjacent to the one he’d lived as a hunter.  No connections, no emotions, just a rude, crass, and bossy son of a bitch.  The cool black leather and decorative silver zippers seemed to say just that.
“But mom, she had to go away sometimes.  She was in business with her father and some cousins.  So when she was away she would threaten dad to shape up, and he did during the day but… at night-”  Dean let out a breath of air.  Charlie squeezed his hand and Dean let his arm slip down from over his eyes.  “He never hit us.  Never laid a hand on us, other than spanking a bit when we were really young.  But he wasn’t himself when he would drink.  Like half of him just slipped sideways out his ear.”  Dean tried not to shudder at the mental picture in his head, but kept talking by sheer will of not letting it drown him.  “He would walk a bit funny.  His one eye would go all squinty, I once asked him why and he said cause it hurt.  That was one of the first signs.  Sometimes he would just get caught staring off into space.  Other times you’d catch this smell off him and you’d be sure he’d wet himself.”  Dean swallowed feeling his eyes prick with the beginnings of tears.
“I suppose because… when I had my powers everything was so… instant.  I wanted to be in Paris and,” He snaps his fingers, “I was there. We needed something for a spell, and I was the ‘errand boy’.  I could even manifest things out of thin air if need be.” Here Cas’ gaze drifts to the side, but the brothers wait quietly for him to continue.  They watch him search to gather the right words to explain how he feels. He does this every time he wants to conceptualize just what it’s like to be
“You looked like Dr. Sexy when you were wearing that jacket.”  Cas chuckles, making Dean’s head vibrate from where it’s still pressed into his sternum.  Dean uncurls from Cas, wanting to see that rare expression of happiness creasing the lines at Cas’ outer eyes.  Cas catches his eyes, smile still on his face.
“Oooh hooo.  There he is! The being that was once bigger than a skyscraper.  He still peeks out from time to time. Exciting!”
Moments later they were on a beach together, sand and waves.  Palm trees swaying behind them in the soft breeze.  Castiel turned to take it all in before turning back to Anael.
“It’s a surprisingly fitting name, considering he’s in prison.”  Castiel said like it was the most blasé thing.  Dean choked slightly.
Sam heard a crash in the bathroom and jumped up from his perch in the library to investigate.  His hand went to his gun, unholstering it and flipping off the safety, years of instincts flying to the forefront of his mind.  He got to the bathroom quickly and nudged the partially open door with his elbow. He raised his gun partway, but then lowered it when he realised  it was just Dean. Rolling on the floor of the bathroom. And laughing.
In June her hair started to fall out rapidly, so she shaved it one night with his electric shaver.  Castiel got her a collection of knitted hats all with different designs, and she wore them proudly when she was cold.  Otherwise she sported her bald head proudly.  She wouldn’t be shamed just because she didn’t meet beauty standards.
The tumor hadn’t shrunk at all, meaning none of the treatments had worked.  The best they could do was pain management.  John wanted to scream the day Mary Winchester signed her DNR, he wanted to rage at her to keep fighting.
“What’s that supposed to mean?”  Charlie asked, curiosity eating her up which just made Dean chuckle.
“Of course you noticed.  Well, Dean’s ready to tell you now.  He’s been really worried about it.  He thinks you never really approved of anyone him or Sam brought home until Jess-”
Sam had been so distinct and giant that Dean didn’t often mistake bozos for his brother.  Few people were as tall as him.  But Cas… that was much harder.
on the final page.  That’s what he’s doing now, but Dean is still scared.  He’s scared when his arms come up to hold Cas back, but instead they fist into that familiar trench coat.  He’s scared when his eyes dip lower for what feels like the millionth time since he met Cas, but this time his brain doesn’t force shut down and restart.  This time there’s lag time, buffering, considering
“I can’t tell if you’re using the threat of danger to turn me on more so you can drag me off to bed, or to actually warn me.”  Erata asks with playfully squinted eyes.
” The idea settled over the group, there was a few muttered things too low for him to hear, and that was fine.  Discussion was allowed to happen.
The glow that surrounded Mary that night was so new and different.  She was unbelievably excited to be a grandma, but that didn’t stop her from nagging the next couple in line.
“I wouldn’t do that if I were you.”  A voice booms around them, making both Dean and Cas back up into defensive stances at being startled.
“That boy is your boss now, so you should probably show a little more deference.”  Dean quips, clenching his fists.  Talking his way out of a hole with these heavy hitters had been Sam’s speciality lately.  The Empty narrows its eyes at Dean, Meg’s fair features pinching together.
“You know what?  I really like this guy.”  Scruffy holstered his gun.  “Where you people headed to next?”  Just like that John had successfully combined two groups and was surrounded by double the people.  Later that night, he was talking to Dwight off to the side of a fire where everyone sat.
“Oh, Cas.”  Dean says, his gaze coming back up to those cerulean eyes.  He’s scared of every nightmare turned reality where they leak the blinding white of an angel in death.  “I can’t lose you again.”  Then there’s Micheal’s pounding striking up a deafening beat again.  As if he’s trying to hammer in Dean’s insecurities with each attempt to breakout.  Cas watches the pain in his eyes and leans into his space, digging his heels in, not wanting to give in just yet.
“You should try living with Dean.”  Cas responded and cocked his own gun.  “You always have to be prepared.  I think he gets it from Mary.”
on Sunday.  I don’t care if you’re still recovering, you’ll sleep on the couch.”  John rolled his eyes.
to one another.  If you win I’ll release you from my control with Sam and Charlie, both unharmed.  But if I win, the game starts over. Do I make myself clear?” Coy finishes by leaning into the chess table, placing his palms face down on the glowing surface.
“Well, we are now literally bonded at the soul level.  Though before today I wasn’t even aware I had enough of a soul to be claimed.”  Cas’s eyebrows scrunch together in consideration.  “Jack said it was something to do with just me being who I am.  How I kept choosing humans, and not even just humanity itself.  But in choosing to form familial bonds.  He said it must have never quite left after my time as a human years ago, and so it formed.  Kind of explains a few things though.”  Cas said yanking off his tie and Dean had to grab his hands before he started unbuttoning his shirt.
?  Is that a thing?  We’re not dead… we have all our teeth and our eyes aren’t hanging out… So what’s the deal?”  He paused for a moment but their was no response.  “Maybe put the fucking gun down and talk instead, okay?”  The guy considered him.
“We’re a couple of saps.”  Dean said through a voice thick with tears, a wonderful mix of happy sadness.  “I lost my fucking foot and I’m sitting here crying because you’re in love with me.”  Cas chuckled wetly at that, reaching out to grab Dean’s neck just to touch him.
“You read my mind.” So together they made their way, John plopped on the couch first then pulled Mary in his lap sideways.  She squeaked a little surprised at the action but then just laughed.
“Ah, ah. Shit.”  Dean said in between laughs. “I’m bleeding.”  Sam turned back to him and sure enough, the big idiot must have smacked his elbow when he fell over.  Sam went to the closet to pull out the band-aid box… where upon ANOTHER large yellow duck fell off one of the shelves inside and hit the floor with a smack.  Dean laugher began another verse behind Sam, while Sam huffed out an angry breath and threw the box of band-aids at Dean. Which Dean
“I hope you know how proud of you I am. Cause I am… proud of you.”  John’s eyes shifted to Dean, who was listening carefully.  “Both of you.”  He put a hand on each of their shoulders and watched in awe as each of his sons, both now men through and through, smiled with an inner pride that he had just given them.  Then they met each other's eyes and something much more frightening passed between them.
It was all for naught though when, just a week later, Cas noticed how poofy Sam’s hair was first thing in the morning.  Poor Sam spluttered cereal and milk everywhere when Cas asked.
“I’d love to, Mary.  Where do you keep your silverware?”  John could hear feet shuffling across the carpet towards him but he didn’t want to turn around.  Couldn’t meet his eyes or even look at his face.  He heard his son settle on the other couch.  The tension in the air was full of angry lightning John knew he was causing.  The silence stretched on for a moment before he couldn’t bear it any longer.
“We used to call my brother that occasionally just to piss him off.”  Castiel piped in making all eyes turn to him.
(Also, this work is completely without a beta.  Please let me know if you want to do that for me.  I apologize for any mistakes.)
Maybe Dean’s path to bisexuality had started with the moment his best friend had told him about his own sexuality.  That wasn’t Cas’ truth though.  Just cause Dean had gone and been the total cliché queer who fell in love with his best friend didn’t mean anything for Cas’ side.  He’d spent 3 years coming to terms with that fact, as well as understanding and realizing it wasn’t just Cas that he was attracted to.  But in that space, in those few inches between them after Dean had given Cas this piece of himself, he liked to pretend that Cas had wanted Dean to kiss him.  It would feature prominently in his dreams for years to come, that look.
“Dean, you’re not flexible enough to perform a ‘roundhouse kick’.”  Dean looks at Cas in exasperation.
“What?  I said I’d changed my mind.”  Dean told him as he kneels on the ground to give the dog plenty of scritches and nuzzled into his neck.  The crowd around them slowly settles down and just as people start asking about what actually happened Eileen, bless her soul, intervenes.
“So what kinda name is Castiel anyway?”  The man in question looked up at him wide eyed, surprised to even be addressed, and sat down as he did.  Dean sat next to Castiel and Mary sat next to him, across from Dean.
“Dean, don’t you think this is getting out of hand?”  Sam asks exasperatedly, and Dean sighs. More fed up with his brother’s complaining than Cas’ weird duck obsession.
So he kicked in the door, sending the thing that was once his wife flying back onto the bed.  He went in and kneeled on it’s chest and pressed a hand to it’s forehead.  The teeth snapped dangerously, animalistic noises coming out of its throat.  He watched a tear drop down onto her face as she struggled beneath him.  Three and a half years of peace and happiness, only for it to come to this.  He slid the knife into her brain through her ear, hearing the sickening squelch and all it once she went still again.  His chest was burning, apparently he had stopped breathing.  As the air rushed back into his lungs the pain of it all flooded his system.  John moved mechanically, adjusting his wife’s body  to a proper position on the bed.  Carefully he tucked her in and with her eyes shut again he could pretend for only a moment that she was still sleeping.  He left the room.
exactly?  Has your situation not been made clear enough to you?  I figured I wouldn’t have to explain this to the most famous hunters in the world, but here we go: This is
“I was a bad motherfucker.  And by that I mean I owned a mechanic shop and coached little league.  You care for the kids, bark orders at them to keep them from getting fat… they may cry a little but it’s for their own fucking good y’know?  You assholes are growing on me… I don’t want you to get yourselves killed.”
“Potential amnesia sounds like, or perhaps just shock, it could still come to you later.  If that’s the worst side effect after a year long coma, then you’re a very lucky man John Winchester.”  The doctor told him, gesturing for her clipboard which a nurse passed her.
.  Those were all pretty funny, I have to admit.”  Dean did chuckle at this. Cas had gotten pretty creative with his little yellow friends over the past few weeks.  The ‘Halloween Ducks’ had been covered in pieces of toilet paper with tiny rips for eyes holes that had made Dean laugh even harder when he realised the tipped over duck near the ghost ducks had been ‘scared to death’.  An idiom which he had only explained to Cas the day before.
“Wow.”  He said, then chuckled.  “Well, I thought it was 145 so that’s definitely better.”  Mary turned to him quickly, shocked.  “Thought I was in a whole other world.”  It’s close enough to the truth that he didn’t feel too guilty.  Mary eyed him warily, still watching him closely enough that it should probably worry him but he was just too happy she was there to even care.  “If I’ve been out that long shouldn’t you have called the Doctor in here by now.”  Mary startled and nodded her head, leaning over to press a button, she blushed slightly.
.  Anything was worth trying at least once.  Wind curled around his neck and face, Dean could feel the tickle of it but not the biting cold.  He’d felt numb and empty for days now.  Not even sure how many days had gone by, just every space between seconds that throbbed through him with an ache of every remembered moment.  Every word, every look in Cas’ eyes that was there every time he shut his own.  Every shadow seemed to crawl with black ooze.  Dean could never decide if it made him scared, or angry, or hopeful.  Maybe there was a portal, or he could beat the shit out of those empty shadows.  But there was never anything there, he knew that.  The Empty couldn’t just come over here.  You had to crossover yourself, or do a  wicked powerful summoning.  The way Dean saw it, he could bring the Empty here and sure, it would probably find that annoying, but if he sent himself there… he might have a chance of finding Cas.  Getting to him.  He prayed to Cas that it would work and that he would come for him, but the pit in his stomach knew that Cas wasn’t receiving any of these prayers.
“Well.  I suppose we could stick with the theme of other people to assist.  Phone calls to Garth and... Crowley would be useful in discovering the identity of this duo as well as their weaknesses.”  Cas adds in thoughtfully.
“Cas had been struggling with something for a few months.  I knew he was hiding something from me, and it was driving me crazy ‘cause we always told each other everything.  Finally one day we’re out in the woods and he pulls this out of his backpack.  Said he was sorry for how he had been acting, but he was ready to tell me now.  All this time he’s pulling this rainbow thing through his fingers cause he’s all nervous and flushed with worry.”  Dean smiles a bit remembering how easily Cas could get flustered in the right situations.  “He wanted to tell me he was Gay.  He needed to tell me, then he begged me not to tell anyone.  He was worried ‘cause of the asshole my dad was that maybe I’d hate him for wanting to love guys.”  Dean scoffed at that and rubbed a hand on the back of his neck.  “I almost smacked him for that.  Told him he clearly didn’t know me at all if he thought there was anything that would ever make me turn my back on him.”  He doesn’t say it outloud, part of the memory just for him was the crashing relief on Cas’ face.  The way he’d teared up and threw his arms around Dean.  How Dean had felt Cas’ tears on his neck.   How fiercely they held each other.  He remembered distinctly the feel of Cas’ beating heart against his chest, the answering beat of his own feeling like an earthquake between them.
“Thank you, Mary.”  And then he pulled her in for another hug.  He had to move, had to do something or he would be getting an ear full from Mary later.  So he stood, albeit stiffly, and walked over next to the two.  Cas pulled back from Mary and looked up at John.  John just clapped him on the shoulder once and then gave it a squeeze.
“I’m afraid Cas.  Not just of the box.  Or of Micheal knocking. Or of… of… anything like that.”  Dean meets Cas’ eyes, unable to say the words, willing Cas to just
anyway.  You can fight us… but you wouldn’t win.  We consolidate supplies, protect eachother, we can make this work.  But let me be clear, you work for
“Mary!” He grabbed her hand that had been poking him and kissed it softly.  “I don’t know, what time is it?  And how are you feeling?”  She gave him a little frown.
What was once one solitary duck in the small blue basket, became a half dozen.  Dean hadn’t questioned it, had only noticed in passing and by the time he had left the bathroom had forgotten to ask.  Now there were about thirty, n o maybe forty ducks filling the container. They weren’t spilling out, but instead had been perfectly balanced in a chaotic neutral state to
“Sorry, traffic was crazy.  Everyone’s trying to head out of town or something.”  She quickly ran through Mary’s vitals.
It was a quick chase that ended with Charlie getting a serious nougie on the couch in the media room.
“Essentially yes.  Either way, if you don’t understand I’m sure you’ll figure it out soon enough.”  Coy answers flippantly.
“H-He asked me to do it.”  Cas told him, the knife was in his left hand, his right still wrapped around Dean’s shoulder.  His eldest son breathed softly in his husband’s arms, his face having a sick greyish sheen from the blood loss.
“This is the real world now, John.  No more monsters that go bump in the night, besides horrible humans.  I’m alive, our sons are safe, your dad never ran off.  Though we are getting older now.  Can’t help that much.”
“I could guess, but I can’t be for certain.  I was having some strange dreams.”  He told her and she just nodded.
“I.. left it at the nursing home.  With the stethoscope.  They weren’t mine.”  Then Cas squinted his eyes just a bit and took a few steps closer to Dean.  “Why do you ask?”  The deep gravel of his voice unnerved Dean.  Why
“Oh please, don’t start with that pile of tired clichés.  I’d much rather get down to business.”  The voice says as he appears in front of them on the other side of the chess board, disinterestedly examining his nails.  Both Cas and Dean balk as the familiarity sets in.
“So did you just draw the short end of the stick or does one of your siblings have it worse?”  John asked, fighting to make conversation.
“Thanks it’s-”  He froze as her face came into view, his chest constricted tightly as her familiar eyes widened in shock.
The flash flood had happened that night, with Dean off who knows where and separated from their group.  What Dean didn’t know was how Cas had reacted that night after he left.  In those sparse hours before the flood had separated them for the next year.
“Oh wow that’s… some serious timing you have there.”  Charlie said and Dean huffed out a bitter laugh.
“You gave him a bracelet like he did for you didn’t you?  A pink, purple, and blue one?”  Charlie asked excitedly.
“When did you start teaching Cas to sass people, Dean?”  Sam asked, eyeing the couple suspiciously.  Dean merely shrugged.
“Dean!”  Charlie called in a fear tinged voice as she fell, a bozo on top of her with another snapping at her neck.  Dean’s fear made his reflexes fast, he killed the bozo on her but was grabbed before he could pull it off, he hacked the things arm off, congealed blood substance splattering everywhere, then he stuck his blade in its head.  He moved as fast as he could, but there were so many bozos that he was losing sight of his people.  He could hear Charlie behind him, and Jo cursing at the ones around her, but he couldn’t see Victor.  Fear clogged his throat, he wanted to call out for him but was worried about drawing even more into this mess.
“Do you ever…”  Cassie started hesitantly and looked up at him, biting her lip.  She let out a puff of air.  “Dean, you survived.  Do you ever think-”
All he ever wanted was to be anywhere else.  To explore and live, to see things.  Not be stuck on this boring island with only his brother and mother for company for the rest of his life.  He never felt like he fit here, like it was right.
“Jack is very succinct.” Cas smiles a bit.  “He said I barely had enough grace in me for the Empty to stake its claim.  And when you came and claimed me as yours, that was it.  The transition was done.”
“Yeah, yeah.”  John said and heard the other line click.  That was the first weird thing that day.  The next was the nurse, who was normally perfectly on time being ten minutes late.
“Poisoned you just by touching you.  Made you dream of a world where you were happy as they slowly killed you.”  Mary shuddered slightly. “I’d almost think that’s what was happening to me right now, if I hadn’t been dead five times over.”  Mary put a palm to his cheek.
“I’m glad you kept it.”  Dean said quietly because Cas was so close he knew he could hear.  Cas didn’t respond at first, instead he pulled himself more up onto the bed next to Dean, turning himself to face Dean better and grabbing his hand again.
that title, ya feel me?  Truth is I met nothing but a long line of people who couldn’t push things just a little bit harder for those they loved.” Negan began to pace in front of the group, a slow casual swagger.  “They cracked.  People died.
“Well I’m sorry you clearly have bad taste.  But if a lifetime of horrible is what you want-”  Dean rants as he too removes the rest of his clothing and makes his way toward the shower.  Steam is gathering in the room and the noise of the shower is enough that he doesn’t hear Cas sneak up behind him.  Just finds himself being turned around and pressed into a tile wall.  Cas’s mouth finds his and ravages it making Dean melt, gripping at Cas just for something to hold on to.  Cas’s licks the seam of his lips and Dean opens up with no hesitation, letting Cas explore him and groaning out his appreciation.  When he pulls back Dean’s head in spinning and his vision is full of mirthful blue eyes.  “Holy shit, Cas.”  Dean hadn’t even noticed the hot spray pounding into them, and barely feels it now.
, or the connection wouldn’t work.  He couldn’t have any distractions, no Sam or Jack.  They didn’t even know where he was, it was easier that way.  It made it so they couldn’t interfere and if things went to shit, a.k.a. the Empty decided to keep him, that would suck but at least he’d tried.
“I wish I could have met him.”  Charlie said wistfully, he heard a shuffling noise as she turned to look at him so Dean tilted his head to look at her.  “Would we have gotten along?”  Dean couldn’t help but smile a bit at the thought.
and not expect him to say it.  But Cas isn’t doing that.  He’s just standing there waiting for Dean, gazing at him with that imploring look.  His eyes almost seem to water with the way he looks at Dean, rippling like the view of the pool from a tall diving board.  All anticipation and potential and… fear.  “I know it’s sick and twisted, but I just know that if I climbed in that box and you guys dropped me in the ocean I wouldn’t be so afraid anymore.  I wouldn’t have to constantly worry about… all of you.”  Cas takes a hesitant step forward, placing his hand on Dean’s shoulder as he tries to be a solidarity force.  He looks like he wanted to comfort Dean, but that wasn’t what Dean needs right now and Castiel knows this.  So as Cas’ mouth opened he cut him off for the second time in this conversation.  “I know that it’s a part of life, to worry about the people you… but it’s different with us.  Because we die.  Sam, Jack, and you.  We’ve all died again and again and there’s never a guarantee we’ll come back.  And I can’t, I-… You can’t-…”  His throat is closing, eyes watering but he is still looking at Cas and his wide blue gaze piercing though him.  His arm comes up and clamped down on Cas’ arm on his shoulder, making it slip so, essentially, they were holding each other’s biceps.  Dean squeezes hard.
us.”  Cas threatened and bumped his shoulder into Dean’s from where they sat side by side on the floor.  To Cas’ other side was the air pump they had just finished using when they heard the bunker door’s tell tale creaking and groaning.
“Hey, you have no right to judge my methods of learning!  I’m the smartest person you know.”  Charlie bantered back.
“And how exactly would you know about Dean Winchester’s stretching capabilities Castiel, former angel of the Lord?”  Coy asks, looking down at the chessboard he places his hand on it and taps his fingers in order. His hit lands just where he wanted it to, judging by the echoing silence in the room and when Coy glances up, Cas’ neck has gone all flush.
“Jack I think this is a brilliant idea.”  Cas tells his son, raising a hand to squeeze his shoulder.  “So what is it you want me to do?”  Jack gives Cas a wary look like he’s not sure how Cas will react.
“Son of a bitch.”  Dean cursed.  The operation was going sideways quick, and everyone was getting tired.  If they had to retreat and while fighting their way out it might be the end of all of them.
Charlie could often get more out of him than just nerdy things.  He would tell her about the parts of him and his past that still ripped him open, and she would tell him hers.  It was a trade in vulnerability, so that they both always had ammunition they would never use.  Charlie was like a little sister to him, and her girlfriend Jo.  Though where Charlie was all bubbly smarts, Jo was all deadly information.  They were a perfect pair.  But Jo was a little harsher with her caring towards Dean, she got that from her mother, and by association neither were included in the super secret Dean and Charlie talks.
“Do they have a story?” She asked gently, and Dean almost pulled away but one look into her eyes and he knew he was about to spill something.  He let out a sigh wondering when they had all become each other's therapists.  Dean gently pulled his wrist away from her to look at the bracelets, as much a part of him as his leather jacket and car had once been.  He made a motion to play with his ring and was once again reminded where it had gone, which left a faint pang in his chest. He twisted his fingers around where the ring once sat to stave it off, a nervous habit he knew the whole camp had seen him do a million times.  He looked at the faded friendship bracelet, braided into a sturdy pattern and the black elephant hair bracelet next to it.
Dean carefully cleared his throat and then shut the door to the Impala, the sound of it echoing in the bunker garage.  “So… what happened to the jacket?”  He fiddled with the handle slightly only letting his eyes glance up to Cas momentarily where he stood observing the Ma’lak box.  At the sound of Dean’s voice Cas turned, his head tilting slightly.
“If this is my role to play, then I accept all the consequences.”  That same sad smile comes over Anael’s face.
“Let’s try to stay that way, yeah?”  He told her and she smiled back, jumping easily into the action again.
The boys came, with their spouses and little Lucy.  Once they had all settled Mary told them what the doctors had told her.
“What about when you told Cas?  I’m assuming you told him first.”  Charlie got out finally, sending Dean reeling back to the time when he wasn’t sure he was ever gonna tell anyone.  At the time it felt like the end of his world, the horrible irony was that it
So he plotted.  Planned.  As time passed the plan became clearer.  He was able to try things, change things, convince the humans, become them.
“Yeah, doubt it.  The man slept for a year, I doubt he’ll sleep again for at least a few nights.”  Well he wasn’t wrong, John thought to himself.
“It’s still not an easy thing to get used to.”  Mary nodded and leaned up to kiss him.  It was sweet and soft, almost too perfect.
Castiel looks at the basket in ponderance, then a smile breaks out on his face and he thrusts his hand into the plastic bag from which he had just procured the hair washing bottles.  Gripped between two fingers he pulls out a small yellow thing and places it in the basket. Then he smiles proudly at it and steps away.
It was during Charlie’s first stay since Cas had fallen that the topic of the ducks was brought up again.  During the past two months things had evolved… dramatically. What had started out as a simple
That distinct feeling of not wanting to let him go, to just keep holding him forever that had floored Dean in the moment.  Castiel, his nerdy adorable best friend, who ran through the woods with him and went for night swims and cared for Sam like he was his own brother.  Cas had pulled back and wrapped the bracelet on Dean. He had been putty in Cas’ hands, present in the moment but also screaming in his head.  There was a moment where Cas had hesitated in tying, then he’d looked up at Dean and met his eyes so hopeful and almost shy.  Then Dean had watched his skilled fingers wrap the most beautiful knot with the ends, the occasional brush of those fingers on Dean’s skin did what they always did, but now there was just another layer.  A realization.
If you’ve never seen lost or at ALL want a refresher of what happens before this point chronologically please check out this playlist on YouTube.
The day the commercial flight split apart over the island was easily the best day of his life.  It was the beginning of everything he would ever wanted.  Nothing would stop him.  Not having to kill his brother, Jacob.  Not his pesky little angel sidekick, and certainly not any of the festering humans who managed to survive the whole ordeal.
“You’re supposed to let the person who made it for you tie it on, and you can’t take it off until it falls off.”  Dean tells her, a free finger going to his own wrist and tracing it lightly.
“Yes, but only because you asked.”  Their opponent tells them. Dean looks over at Cas proudly and it makes Coy smile to know this is just what his wife wants.  “You may choose the advantages for all the major pieces upon their capture. Acknowledging that the king is already delegated for exit from the game.”
sandbox boys.”  He looks between the two, still defensively standing a few feet away from the board and not budging. “Come now, you’re so busy wanting to get back you don’t even realize what you’re missing.”
he was.  That this was his true destiny, despite what any of his superiors might think.  He could feel it deep in his grace.  Still he could understand their hesitation.
“Mom, we can talk about that later.  You didn’t even really tell us exactly what dad remembers.  I know you said he has amnesia but… I just… Dad what do you remember exactly?”  Dean narrowed his eyes at John.  John wasn’t easily distracted. His son was trying to hide something from him and he’d figure it out soon enough.  Supposed memory loss or not.
“You’re the best tease in the entire multiverse.  And for that you will pay so dearly later.” He tells her, tilting his chin down slightly as his eyes sparkle with mischief.   She returns the look with an equal amount of anticipation.
“Oh I’m sorry Doctor Headshrink.  And you got your degree from where?  The College of Any Online Information you could digest in a week-long obsession?”  Dean snarked back at her and Charlie laughed easily.
“We did.  Kept doing it all throughout growing up.  It was our thing.  Midnight swims in the creek.  Jumping off the swing and trying to catch the other one, which half the time ended up in a wrestling match.”
As you may or may not know, we have a couple actor crossovers (Mark Pellegrino, and Azazel's actor.)
.  Cas threw himself into John’s arms, openly sobbing.  It was all the answer he needed.  He shook so bad John thought he would vibrate right out of his skin.  “I’ve got you, son.”  Cas nodded and pulled back trying to gather himself.
“Yeah, I just couldn’t get words out.  And Cas was always watching me so carefully, he saw me blush despite the lowlight, I know it.  I stumbled to form words, so I just gave up and then pulled it out of my pocket and held it out for him to see.  I didn’t watch his face at first, ‘cause I was too nervous.  But after a moment he asked if it was for him.  I somehow grumbled out a yes, so he grabbed it really carefully to look at it.”  Dean remembered the reverant look on Cas’ face as he examined the bracelet as if it were something precious and priceless.  How he’d achingly waited for Cas to say something,
thought Dean, but it didn’t really cross his mind past that.  By the time he left the steam filled room the small pile of plastic yellow had once again slipped to the back of his mind.
Dean has the horrible feeling he’s a goldfish in a tank or a monkey in the zoo at this particular moment.  He can feel eyes on him, he’s certain of it. Maybe it’s some weird hunter’s sense that gives him the idea that whoever is watching is enjoying themselves immensely.  Even staring at Cas only makes him feel slightly relieved that he’s not alone.
to be Cas.  He’d understand.  Course I was worried about all the biphobia crap, but I knew Cas could never be like that to me.”  Dean shook his head at his past self, even worrying about stuff like this.  Cas was the most understanding, kind, and wonderful person he’d ever met.
“Yeah, course buddy.”  Dean clapped him on the shoulder, and guided him further into the bunker and slid his arm around his shoulders.  “But you gotta let me know, what the next stage of this plan is? You gonna take it any further?”
“No.  You should tell me.”  She said and reached out to grab his hand, not any sort of move on him, just one friend supporting another.  Dean squeezed her hand back.
“Yeah sure Cas.  But just… let’s not tell Sammy, kay?”  Just like that, all thought of ducks in the bathroom were replaced.  They hid in Dean’s room to watch the movie so Sam couldn’t stumble upon them.
The water sprays down on them, washing away all of the before as their choices take them into now.  Leading them straight down onward into forever.
Their relationship flourished.  According to Mary it was better than it had ever been in years.  John had even started coaching baseball again, but he couldn’t do basketball.  Three times a week surrounded by sweaty teenage boys that weren’t his own sons was plenty.  Nevermind the fact that his boys were quickly becoming men in their own right, no longer teenagers at all.  Dean still dated Cas, and although it was a sore spot of his still, he’d gotten used to having Cas around.  He was odd, his family were estranged, but he was strong.  Apparently he knew how to kick Dean’s ass as he had grown up learning every type of fighting and martial arts he could.  The one time he’d gotten Dean to join a beginners karate class Cas had landed him on the mat in less than 3 seconds.  In that respect, he liked Cas.  Neither of them acted like a
“Only TINY ducks.”  Then Dean laughed even more as he grabbed a band-aid and applied it to his elbow.  It was just a bit of a scratch. He had way worse. He wished all his injuries were caused by laughing his ass off.
“I’m not.”  Dean responds, sitting up so he can be level with Cas where they both still sit on the ground.
“I love you.”  Dean whispered to him and pulled back to see his eyes, feeling his own were distinctly damp.  Cas’s hand went to his cheek and wiped away the evidence, his own slightly watery.
“I thought-.. Well they said-.. You-...”  She shook her head and pulled back, eyes slightly watery.  “I’m so happy you’re alive.”  Mary told him and Dean smiled.
First thing he sees is green leaves on tree branches, which is very strange because it’s March in Minnesota, which means it’s still winter in the North, nothing is growing quite yet.  Next he notices how pleasantly warm he is, he’s bathed in sunlight, and as his eyes focus he can see the glass ceiling above him where the sky is shining brightly through.  Out of the corner of his eyes he sees bright swathes of color, he turns his head slightly and sees… hot air balloons?  What the fuck?  They’re smaller than Dean thinks they should be.  Turning his head just a bit more causes a faint ache to echo through his skull, and something to tickle his cheek.  Dean pulls back slightly and sees a head of dark hair resting next to him, arms folded underneath it like a pillow.  Something tight and warm seizes his chest, cause it’s
“Thank you honey.  And it’s, uh.  Well, it’s wrapping around an artery right now so they can’t operate.  The hope is with the chemo treatments it will shrink down enough to be able to operate.  Then we can re-evaluate.”  Jess nodded, a confident smirk on her face.
One, giant yellow duck, was stuck inside the toilet seat protruding up at him with it’s bright happy face.  The thing was bigger than a cat. Bigger than two cats. Sam couldn’t even believe the sheer size of the thing and wondered where the
“Well, it was fun while it lasted.”  He commented as they slipped out the door. It dinged behind them as they trotted to the Impala.  The laugh lines near their green and blue eyes respectively, daring to become permanent.
“Then why not just pick a girl?  Wouldn’t that be easier?”  Dean sighed and glared at his father, finding some steel in his spine apparently.
“Hold that thought.  Looks like we’re not the only ones who decided to go shopping today.”  With that the newly decreed Negan plastered on the biggest ass smile.  “Greetings folks.  Come on in, more than plenty for all of us.”  He held his arms out, trying to be as non threatening as possible.  Didn’t matter cause the leader, scruffy McScarfy face pointed his gun straight into his face.
“John?” Asked an uncertain yet strong voice.  John’s eyes flew open.  His vision filled with short curly blonde hair. A very worried face with an adorably pointed nose, rosy cheeks, dark eyelashes.  Pure beauty incarnate and the one person he’d missed more than anyone in these past 125 years.
“Actually, Mom, we named her after you.”  Mary turned surprised eyes on Sam.  “I mean, we didn’t want to name her Mary, that would have been too confusing.  But Jess liked your middle name, and so did I.  We figured Lucy would be the perfect nickname for her.”  Sam turned a sweet smile towards his father where his little girl laid in her grandfather’s arms.  Mary came around and hugged her very tired son, who was now a father.
Cas couldn’t help himself, he giggled as he typed the next message.  Picturing Sam’s face going red. He honestly wondered how much longer it would take Sam to realise he was just messing with him.
“No, kid.  Haven’t you heard of Resident Evil?  Night of the Living Dead?”  Cas just shook his head.  “The Cranberries  song of the same name?  Micheal Jackson’s
Sunday came, it had been six weeks since he had come home.  They were planning a backyard BBQ so he could see all their friends again, but that would be for the Fourth of July which was still a week away.  This would be the first time he’d be meeting someone he hadn’t known before, which made him finally feel like he had a leg up after weeks of everyone around him knowing more than he did.  Now to meet this girl that had captured his son’s heart.  Mary had told him they’d met back in October when Dean had needed a roommate after his previous one jetted suddenly shortly after the accident.  They hadn’t started dating till around April, so it was still a very recent development.  That was all he’d been able to get out of his wife though.  Insisting that Dean would tell him more when he was ready.  That one had always been a mama’s boy, and from what Mary told him he could never keep a secret from her.  He was sitting on the couch watching golf of all things when the backdoor creaked open.
“Did your wish come true?”  Dean asked Cas who looked up at him with a smirk on his face, then tilted his head to the side.
“Cas, buddy?  You got your ears on?”  Dean called into the darkness, turning away from the empty.  He wasn’t about to say what he had to say while looking at Meg’s face.  “I’m here for you.  Because you’re mine.  In some weird ancient heavenly laws.  All I have to do is say…” Here Dean took in a harsh breath and let it out in preparation.  “Castiel, Angel of the Lord, I reciprocate your soul claim, and claim you back.  You are mine as I have always been yours.”  Then quieter, under his breath. “In more ways than you realized.”  The static returned, louder than last time.  It built up and then hushed.  It didn’t drop off like last time.  Dean felt his lungs burn from holding his breath, though he didn’t even realize he had been.
Lucille Evelyn Winchester was born on December 17th, 2009, with ten tiny perfect fingers and ten tiny perfect toes.  A new sense of warmth blossomed in John’s chest when he held the little girl for the first time.  She had Jess’ blonde hair and Sam’s hazel eyes.  She looked at you like she could read your mind.
accepting about Dean’s career choice.”  John couldn’t argue that.  If this had been his original universe and Dean had told him he was going to school for
and a choice to live now.  A press of smooth lips against soft chapped ones.  The pressure welcome and heart stuttering, just surrendering too it was more than anything Dean could have thought it might be.  Cas hummed and slid their lips more together, sucking on Dean’s bottom lip.  Dean felt light headed with it all, his knees felt distinctly unsupportive, and curiously his eyes burned.  He pulled back to breathe, the air shuddering in and out of his chest as he rested his forehead against Cas’s.
“I’m working on it.  I told you about how I reacted to Sam wanting to go to college at all in my dream… Dean never went.”  Mary chewed thoughtfully before pointing her fork at him, an idea sparkled in her eyes.
“Fuck.”  Cas cried, reaching for his leg.  Winding up the leg of his jeans revealed the most nasty weeping meatloaf John had ever seen.
“Come in, Dean.” The door creaks open and Dean ducks his head in to find his angel sketching away at the desk.
“We didn’t have much money growing up without dad to bring in the bacon.  I worked young, enlisted, came back, and met you. We fell in love, I started working as a mechanic, and married you.  Then we had Dean. There was a bit of a rough spot in the middle. Then we had Sam.”  Here John swallowed thickly, barely ready to say what came next.  “When Sammy was six months old a yellow eyed demon came to visit him.  You tried to stop him, so he killed you and lit the house on fire.  Everything burned, but the boys and I got out safe.”  His eyes went away from her, over the back of the couch towards the stairs.  He remembered how he woke on this very couch to the sound of his wife screaming.  How he had thrust baby Sam into Dean’s arms.  Mary didn’t say anything, just scooted in closer to him, curling up against his chest, tucking her head under his chin.  His arms came up around her and squeezed so tight his muscles started to ache almost instantly.  His voice choked on the next words.  “I lost myself Mary.  Losing you, the house, everything.  I was a single father and a widower overnight. Plus it was some… monster that took you from me.  I was confused and angry.  I wanted to avenge you.  I devoted my life to it, got lost in it.”  He sighed. “I know it sounds crazy, but that’s how it went.  I became a hunter, I went after all the things that went bump in the night just so I could eventually find my way to the thing that took you from us.”  Mary was so quiet, but her hand on his chest was busy, it went up to his neck and rubbed it gently.  She used that hold and pulled gently to sit up slightly.
“Then we bury them and move on.”  John told him, they went up the stairs hating every moment.  He blocked out most sensory things.  He showed Cas how to wrap Dean while he wrapped Mary, after everything in the past 24 hours they weren’t crying, they’d moved on to a stage worse than that: numbness.  Two widowers walked down the stairs with bundles in their arms and went through the garage to the back door.  Everything was quiet and still, but the crunching of their feet through the leaves was deafening.  They laid them under a tree and John got shovels for both of them.  In under an hour they had dug sufficient holes and placed the bundles in them for a final goodbye.
“No point.  I’ll learn their names if they live more than a few days.”  Despite his attitude he appreciated being brought in by these people, they didn’t need to do this, but they accepted him and his bad attitude easily.  At this point everyone just assumed we all had a fuck ton of baggage.  Together with this new group they found a hotel, and even though he hadn’t wanted to he’d started to remember their names, it had been a few weeks by that point and his guard had started to drop again which was incredibly stupid.
This new world was not brave, it was brutal, deadly, and thoroughly disappointing. He’d set out that morning hoping to find other individuals like him, strong enough to make it through at least the next few weeks.   He met a kid that first day out, he lost him not even an hour later.  His name was Jeremy.  After that he made a choice to head east, he took Cas’ suggestion and would make a go for Mt. Weather.  What the fuck right?  He might even meet the president if he made it through this.  Obama seemed like a chill guy, and strong too.
and he was dating a man.  Those were the facts.  He had to take them or leave them.  His brain was still rolling over everything, what Dean had said.  If it’s true he didn’t pick Cas then there wasn’t much he could do, except wait and hope this phase of his would pass.  Still didn’t make the thought of his son in a queer relationship any less disgusting.
“Castiel, you need to do well at this job.  You would not be receiving it if it were not for Joshua’s command passed on from our father.  Apparently he thinks you the best for the job, and we are not to question such intelligence.”  Rapheal turned away from his brother slightly, which was good because Castiel eyebrows had raised in shock.  Father wanted
And I plan to honor those pre-existing face claims to an extent.  Certain characters from Lost will need to eliminated entirely in order for the characters from supernatural to be able to intertwine.  (I'm mainly looking at Richard for this.  Sorry Richard.)
“I didn’t know before, but now I do.”  Cas tells him, squeezing his hips tighter as one of Dean’s hands moves up to Cas’s neck.  Neither could tell who moved first, in that last moment was just the end of all
“Sam has allowed me to keep only one duck.”  Then Cas turned and winked at him, which made Dean burst out into boisterous laughter once again.  In that moment he loved Cas.  But Cas especially loved Dean for how he laughed with abandon.  He mentally added that to a long list of other things.
“I know Dean.  When I was… last time-”  Cas was looking at him, trying to say it but not wanting to upset him more.  Dean hated himself for being so fragile.  “When we were… in your head, I saw it.  The memory of you seeing me… I could feel it.”  Dean’s hand slowly slipped lower, squeezing down for support.  “The trauma of that moment, I know how it affected you.”  Dean looked away, feeling torn open and like this conversation had gone so far off its tracks.  But then he felt a hand on the side of his face, Cas bringing him around again.  His eyes crinkling at the sides with a sadness that made Dean ache for the opposite.  “I’m sorry.  I’m so sorry Dean.”  He felt the wetness on his cheek long before he realized what it meant, even more so, what it meant as he stared into Cas’ eyes and felt the pressure of his hand on his cheek increase.  “But you can’t do the same thing to me.  Just to avoid it happening to you again.  I will climb in that box with you before I let you just abandon us to face this eternity separately.”
“C’mon man.  You know.”  Negan stood up, moved into this guys space, the fire crackled to the side of him and he just knew all eyes were on him in that moment.
“Wait, so are you not an angel anymore?”  Dean asks him, a bit shocked by the turn of events.  “And when did you and Jack have all this time to talk about this?  I was only on the phone with Sam for a few minutes.”
He’d said goodbye to his parents and taken off with Sam and Cas for their roadtrip.  It was supposed to be a last hurrah for all three of them.  Cas who had done his undergrad at Kansas Tech, would be moving to NYC to attend Columbia for his graduate degree.  Then Sam would be moving to California so he could go to Stanford.  Dean would be left alone, still unsure of his life, torn between the two coasts with his two favorite people, and his parents in the middle.  They were gonna take two weeks, hit everything from the biggest ball of twine(Cas’ choice), to some National Parks(Sam’s choice), and down to New Orleans for some fun(Dean’s choice, obviously).
“I waited for you that night.  I was so shocked by what you’d said and you’d left this…”  Cas trailed off holding up his hand to look at it, spinning it on his finger with pinky and middle finger.  “I put it on a bit after you left, then I cried cause I felt like such a dumbass for not realizing what idiots we both were.  I think I curled up on your bed and fell asleep.  Woke up to Sam shouting and the foot of water in the cabin.  The rest was a bit of a blur.  Mainly I regretted letting you walk away.  This entire past year I would sit and think about how you would still be here if I hadn’t frozen.”  Dean let out a breath he didn’t know he’d been holding.  “It is my biggest regret.  Letting you walk out of that cabin without knowing how I felt.”  Cas sounded so beaten up about that, like the last year had actually been five long ones, and Dean could certainly relate.  “It’s been a year, I’d understand if you had moved on or-”  Dean pulled Cas into his arms for a hug, crushing into himself and feeling Cas melt so easily.
“Well don’t just stand there like fish, come and hug your old man.”  He barked half heartedly.  Sam moved first, quickly around the couch and practically crashing into him.  He looked mostly the same, half man half boy but somehow lighter.  John knew exactly why too.  He hadn’t spent his entire life running from the things in the shadows. He’d just had the normal life he’d always been meant to.  With two loving parents who supported him.
for some boring.”  Dean tells him with a smile that Cas returns after a few moments.  “Now Mr. Director-Of-Lost-Souls, your original troublesome case would like some long overdue attention.”  Dean waggles his eyebrows and Cas rolls his eyes with a fond smile.
“For making me the man I’m supposed to be.  A good one.  I love you.”  Mary smiled and kissed him quickly.  Then it was time to cheer for the new couple.  Gabriel, Sam, and Charlie were whooping after them, Balthasar swaggered down the aisle laughing.  John wrapped his hands around Mary’s waist from behind while she kept clapping.  He silently thanked whoever was listening for his second chance, his life here was beautiful and happy.  Sometimes he still worried about the boys he left behind.  He wondered if they’d ever find happiness, or even peace.  He wished they could see this and know that in some universes, their family lived a happy life without tragedy.
“The one that was 145 years long?”  Mary said with a slight smirk, John smirked too and laughed lightly.
“You watch your mouth boy.”  Bobby reprimanded with a finger wag.  “Or, you’ll be scrubbing oil for the rest of the week, not just today.”  The boy grimaced and turned away, dejectedly going back to work.  “The rest of you better be following his example before I stick my foot up all your asses.”  It made John smile, the familiarity.  Bobby gestured towards the backroom and they both headed that way.  “Neat trick boy, did your wife remind you about me?  She said something about you having some weird ass dreams during that coma of yours.”  John shook his head.
“You’re the only reminder I didn’t slip back into the universe of monsters with all this insanity.”  He said as he plopped down next to her again, she jiggled slightly from the motion.  He looked at her face, so pale and still so beautiful, he placed a careful hand on her cheek.
, as Charlie had dubbed it.  Dean tended toward the thought that anything was good, but Charlie insisted that this stuff had been top shelf.  So here they were, sprawled out on the floor of some unnamed place they’d found refuge in for the night.  Heads put together side by side on the floor so they could hear each other easily, but also so they could both gaze up through the small hole in the roof at the stars.
“You need to get your priorities straight.”  Cas told him which made Dean giggle at the horrible british accent Cas used to accompany the quote.
“The boys should be here shortly, I told them to give you time to settle before they bombarded you.”  Mary told him as she hugged him around his waist by the side, his arm settled on her shoulders and then he braced himself on the wall with his other arm.  “Dean wanted to stay and help, but I told him I could handle it.  I did marry you after all.”  John guffawed at that.
“Your advice, on a lot of things.  But I also… I do want you to be Death, but I’m changing the title and the job description.  You see, I saw this tiktok-”
Dean’s tired though, so tired, his hearing is starting to ring and maybe he went down harder than he thought if his head is starting to feel fuzzy.  He’s still struggling away from the thing, the smell of it’s rotting flesh choking his throat when the thing is kicked forcibly off him.  Just in time too, his vision is starting to swim, everything a little blurry on the edges.
“Okay, well, at least I would have shared the door with my man.  That thing was totally big enough.” Charlie smirked at him and walked back to the door.
“Who’s here?  Dean?  Sam?”  He called hopefully.  It was neither, just as he rounded into the kitchen Castiel stepped out of the mudroom.  His shirt was torn in multiple places, his eyes red rimmed and he was shaking.  “Cas?  Where’s Dean?”
was there.  Not just Sam and Eileen, like Dean had expected.  But all of their friends and family.  Jody, Donna, Claire, Kaia, Alex, Patience, Garth with his wife and kiddos, alternate Charlie and Bobby,  even Rowena has made an appearance, plus all the others still surviving members from the apocalypse world.  It was a full room of happy and relieved faces, all smiling and hugging the two of them.  Miracle came bounding around a corner and practically leaped into his arms.  Cas gave him a skeptical look.
“Did yours?”  Cas countered, the corners of his eyes crinkling with mirth.  Dean rolled his eyes and finally kissed him, because that was answer enough.
“Well, these ones could be dangerous.  They’re hunters after all. They’ll probably be able to figure out who we are and what can kill us.  I’ll have to give them advantages all the other humans never would have thought to ask for. You know how this works, I can’t be duplicitous with them.”  Erata hums in thought.
Morning came, bright and chilled like most late autumn mornings did.  He told Cas he wanted to give his son and his wife a hunter’s funeral.  But Cas pointed out the obvious.
.  Basically a heart attack in a baking dish.  John got up to go help his wife, and also finally get introduced to this mysterious girl.
Quickly he raised his head to dispel his thoughts and found Cas still staring at him in that familiar, disorienting way.  Just as Cas started to open his mouth, clearly to press further into the mind of his favorite curiosity, Dean interrupted him.
“I didn’t pick Cas either.”  Dean told him, his voice just a little bit louder and stronger.  Conviction laid underneath it.  The revelation hit John like a train.
“What’s the deal, Doc?”  Dean asked, slightly slurring his words.  John shook his head though Dean couldn’t see it, and Cas leaned in to kiss his forehead, more tears leaking from the man’s bright blue eyes.  Dean must have taken the silence as an answer, because the next moment he moved on.  “I figure it’s not great.  Also, what the hell is that noise?”  John swallowed thickly.
, intact.  Now, normally angels can stake soul claims of protection on humans, then that human is theirs to protect.  But Cas, he has this issue, he
“Why don’t you tell us more about your job?”  Mary prompted with a smile.  Cas nodded and swallowed, glancing warily at John.
Back in their home Erata dances around the house excitedly, collecting everything she needs to see this through to the end.  Coy watches amused from his seat on the couch as she grabs dictionaries in different languages, thesauruses, multi-colored pens, different pencils, erasers, and a slew of notebooks.
“What ‘arrangements’ Cas?  We didn’t think you owned enough things to warrant a moving fiasco?”  Sam wondered, and Cas opened his mouth to rebuttal only realising a moment later that… the younger Winchester was indeed right.  He didn’t have any worldly possessions. No clothes. No hygiene products. No mementos, or things to induce nostalgia. Just millenia after millenia of memories that seemed somehow… less sharp with his now dulled human brain.  Though… he supposed, in a way... Life and all its intricacies had never been clearer to him. Dean took his silence as an answer. They communicated that way sometimes. Dean knowing when to help fill in his blanks, and Cas knowing when to change the subject on Dean’s behalf.  Kinda like how Sam and Dean could have entire silent conversations with just facial expressions.
“You’re sure about this, Cas?”  John asked, looking in his eyes for what may be the last time and squeezing his shoulder.  Cas held his gaze and nodded back, it was mid afternoon now, the air was slightly warmer than it had been that morning when they dug the graves.
“No, you’re not dying. Shut up.” Cas tells him which apparently means he’s saying his thoughts out loud.  Cas looks to the side away from Dean and Dean’s trying to hold him in place.  Looking at Cas helps him block out the pain.  The relief of them being alive is enough to stave the strong throbbing, but he’s starting to drown in the sensation of utter numbness as his life drains out and the poison bite of the bozo seeps into his leg.  “Sam,” Cas addresses his brother, all steel voice and hard edged determination that Dean has heard thousands of times in his life.  “Hold him down.”  Cas rips off a huge chunk of his shirt, twists it and shoves it in Dean’s mouth.  Fleetingly Cas strokes his cheek and meets his eyes one more time.  “You’re not allowed to die.”  He grounds out through his teeth and Dean just nods weakly, cause he’d do anything for Cas.
“Sounds good to me.”  Then they all go back to their respective electronic corners, peering at glowing screens until an hour later when Dean declares he’s ordering Chinese and putting on Die Hard because
bookshelves.  Cas seems shocked as they walk through the aisles, following Jack who is surely making his way toward the main desk.  When they round the corner and come face to face with Jack who is standing just to the side of the desk, Dean can’t help but ask.
the end of the world.  He told Cas just as the first weird news reports were starting.  At the time it had all seemed like background information.  Not like they lived in a big city or anything, Lawrence was small enough to just not worry about what those big places got up to.
He really didn’t like going into it too much.  Especially when thinking about it all led to dark thoughts that were only chased away with alcohol, and that was all too scarce these days.  So instead he’d study maps, pour over them.  Looking for a place, the place they could finally settle down in.  Their group had been roaming for a few years now.  He owed everything to them, they’d pulled him out of the rushing waters and saved his life, even when he didn’t feel like he deserved to live.  Bobby kicked his ass, and sent him off on new missions.  Ellen made sure he ate, even when food was scarce and Dean tried to give it up for the younger ones.  Charlie made sure he laughed still, talking about all their old nerdy interests and debating things from Star Wars and Lord of the Rings until someone had to break them up.  Victor followed him out on missions when he was being especially reckless and stupid.  Kept him in check, and also kicked his ass from time to time.
“You know why I’m here, you took something from me.”  Dean levels the cosmic being with a fury of his own.
“Coy.  Where’s your wife, Erata was it?”  Cas narrows his eyes dangerously. Coy scoffs at them and rolls up his sleeves, revealing fully tattooed arms with intricate black line work and slate coloring to fill the gaps in varying shades.  It strikes Cas in such a familiar way, but he can’t quite figure out why.
“November 1st, 1983.”  He told her and she gasped, her free hand going to her mouth.  “To be honest, it’s hard for me to believe this is real, that… other place… it was my life and I think it might be similar to some of my memories here, but I don’t know.”  Mary nodded, her shock passing.
“My parents are… hyper religious.  They named all of us after different angels.”  John considered that as he picked up his fork and dug into the cheesy goodness.
“He asked me to put it on him, and I did while he instructed me how to tie it like he had with his rainbow one.  We hugged.  End of story.”  Charlie protested minorly but Dean just shoved her and they lapsed into an easy quiet where Dean could actually play the memory over again for himself.  He would tell Charlie anything, but she didn’t need all the details.  Like the way his heart had pounded so loud in the quiet space of Cas’ quiet affirmations.  How Cas’ instructional whispers had prickled up and down his skin leaving him covered in goosebumps.  The way Dean had let his fingers linger on Cas’ wrist just after he’d finished tying the knot, how he’d let his fingers ghost a trail down Cas’ hand before they dropped back into his lap.  Specifically though, Dean lost himself in the memory of Cas’ eyes when he’d met them just after that.  Dean’s breath had caught in his throat, his chest seemed to clog, his heart puttering wildly out of rhythm at the way Cas seemed to look at him like Dean was his
“Yeah, I think I do.  I have to say I have a real fucking problem with it too.  I know what it’s like to have loved a woman.  Emphasis on
“Well let’s hope they’re friendly.  Now stop yapping you idjits and concentrate!”  Bobby scolded from where he was back by the escalators to the aquarium, still poking out the dead as they climbed up.   His admonishment was well timed too as a shattering sounded from above and many
“More than just two fangs.  And they don’t die with a stake to the heart.”  Mary cringed slightly at that.
She protected me.  She placed me in a bubble where nothing got to me.  She made me stronger, helped me survive.”  He held the bat strong above his head.  “
“That wouldn’t be far off.”  Cas admits. “However, I’m really not sure how this would play into it.”  Cas says pointing at the chess table and stepping towards it to examine it closely.
Once they broke out onto the main floor, the smells of rotting flesh and fish were overpowering.  A few people had to break from formation as they lost the contents of their stomach.  The bozos were overwhelming.  They hadn’t made too much noise, but that didn’t seem to matter because the bozos were making enough noise to summon more of them.  Then the open flow plan was causing lots of crashing noises as the bozos in the upper levels fell over the railings and obliterated themselves on the bottom floor.  For the most part that killed them, but the ones falling from only one floor above often survived enough to cause issues.  It turned to chaos quickly.  They needed to get their truck with the cement blocker into the mall, but there wasn’t a way to do it without making a fuck ton of noise.
“Man, you switch from understandable references to textbook speak so quickly I’ve got whiplash.”  Dean comments under his breath, rubbing the back of his neck. Coy laughs good naturedly as Cas leans in to examine the pieces closer.
.  That Sam had given them both a weird look before he quickly exited the garage without looking back.
were monster hunters.”  Bobby considered this with a twist of his mouth and bobbed his head side to side.
.  He could tell her, he’d told her practically everything by this point, so he could give her this too.  Share the weight a bit and maybe it would be a bit less heavy.
But with all well intentioned plans, things tend to go astray, even where God was involved.  Gadreel had been the angel in charge of the cage since the beginning.  Nothing appeared to go wrong, so he continued on with that position for a very long time.  Till one day someone noticed somehow… humans were finding their way into the cage.  They would trickle in through a small crack in the defences, which
“I’ll figure it out.”  He offered a hand to his son-in-law, feeling his heart squeeze tighter in his chest.  “Any last requests?  We should probably get inside since we made an awful lot of noise just then.”  Cas nodded and grabbed the offered hand, John put his arm under his shoulder to help him limp inside.  It was easy enough to plop him in one of the dining room chairs when the table was preoccupied, Cas groaned as he leaned back.
“What did you think I wanted to talk about, Dean?”  He mentally promises himself he will accidentally electrocute himself again if he’s wrong, but Cas’ voice sounded lighter.  Questioning in a different tone that made Dean’s legs vibrate like they might not hold him up any longer.  So Dean turns back slightly, but he still can’t face him entirely.
“Hmm?” Dean could hear the scuff of his shoes as Cas walked back up into his space, but Dean couldn’t turn around.  He was suddenly very aware of the fact that Sam had left the garage a while ago now and he was still out here with Cas.  Very aware of the fact that Sam had heard him earlier when he told Cas over the phone that
I was angry.  Sometimes I was furious but for the most part… nothing.  It took me a long time to realize why.”  He swung the bat off his shoulder, holding it out in front of him the long way, his gaze going over the new most deadly addition.
Heaven’s servant.  Heaven’s warrior.  Both meaning the same thing and yet two entirely different things.  One day, his mission, his place on Earth would be given to him.  Then he would truly know his place in the great plan.  The day he received his assignment it was… unexpected and rare.  Zacariah said he wasn’t ready, but Castiel
“What now?” He asked, Cas just shook his head and passed Dean the phone.  Dean burst out laughing again as he scrolled down the conversation. But then pouted slightly at the end.  “So no more ducks?”
“Saying ‘I missed you’ doesn’t cover it. But-” Dean squeezed Cas’ hand, unable to get anymore words out.  Dean glances down at their hands and sees his ring on Cas’ right ring finger, then he looks up into Cas’ eyes awed and just so in love with the man in front of him it’s a wonder Cas doesn’t know.  Dean hopes the look in his eyes as he looks at Cas right now makes it clear that all this time since they were kids he couldn’t ever picture anyone else by his side.
“Good morning to you too, princess.  Just checking to see if you needed anything.  Decided to close the shop today, news reports have been crazy and half the boys are nervous.”  John rolled his eyes, he was tired of hearing about this damn drug.
have been impossible.  But Gadreel had tampered with the workings of the shield.  He felt bad for the young boys trapped in this world, with nothing but a psychotic mother to watch over them.  It felt wrong.  And wouldn’t it just be faster for the Morningstar’s rehabilitation if he just
“No.  We’re free Cas.  All of us.  We all get a choice now that Chuck isn’t yanking us around and throwing us into dramatic situation after dramatic situation.  It’ll still be hard some days, and other days will be boring.  But I am
“About the ducks.”  Dean rolled his eyes and gestured for Sam to go on.  “The chase scene ducks, the wedding ducks, even the
“You’re telling me.”  Dean said, mind still stuck on the road trip that separated all of them from their parents permanently and led them down this deadly path where Dean was left alone, just like he’d been worrying about before the trip.  He’d trade anything to have his brother and best friend only on opposite coasts.
“Don’t go telling me that boy’s married too.”  Mary laughed and shook her head.  The smile looked more real than the last.  How was it possible that she always got more beautiful the longer he looked at her?  “Uhh… no.  I can’t even guess at that one.”
“I need to go…. take care of that.”  As he stood he passed care of the rag off to Cas who carefully wrapped himself around his husband.
“It’s Pancreatic Cancer.  Stage 3.  I’ve already scheduled myself to get any treatment I can, but it’s one of the deadliest cancers there is.  So I need you all to be good for me, don’t get weepy on me until after I’m gone if this is it.  I need you all to promise me that.”  The room was dead silent, John sniffled lightly trying to stop himself from crying more.  He’d known the other shoe would come, he just didn’t think it would smack him upside the face with something so… human. Dean had a single tear track going down his face and he was holding Castiel’s hand so fiercely it must have hurt.
so it was easy to be around them.  Their PDA was very mild, they never kissed in front of him and only occasionally touched or held hands.  A small part of him did recognize how good Castiel was for Dean, but he wouldn’t ever admit that to his son.  His wife could tell though, he’d grown soft.  And all it took was a damn year.
“It’s not just that, Mr. Winchester.  They’re saying out in L.A. there was a guy who took tons of bullets and didn’t stop.  Just kept coming until they finally got him in the head.”  Now John had to admit
Sorry it's taking me so long to puzzle this out.  For now I think I'm gonna work on this in bit chunks.  Tiny bite sized pieces, so I can really tackle this complicated plot and how I want to reformat it.
“Yes, my parents are still fine.  Surly couple they are, my dad can be quite the ass still most days.  I definitely prefer Henry if it’s any consolation.”  Mary paused and John just baulked at the thought of his father, in his life.  So much so that his
”  At this point Dean has started laughing so much that Sam couldn’t do anything but puff out a frustrated breath and wait for Dean to chill out.  Finally Dean had calmed enough to listen, his cheeks were pink and his green eyes were still glinting with mirth. “Where does he even get these ideas, Dean?”  Dean just shrugged and thought back to the past few days.
“Amazon.”  Cas finally replied, then they laughed some more.  An hour later they stopped for burgers, both feeling that they had never been this content in their whole lives.
In a world like this, Dean often wondered if there were still beautiful things.  The fingers intertwined in his answered that for him.  Even as they fought back to back, slicing into a herd of bozos, there were beautiful things.  So when Dean continued passing on their stories to the people of tomorrow, he would be sure not to leave them out.
“This stuff is really important Cas.  The internet is a basic utility. Just like electricity and running water.  You’ve got to know how to navigate it with ease.” Sam placates, trying to get the stubborn man to open his brand new laptop for the fifth time that week.  Dean looks on in mild amusement from the other end of the library table, and decides to chime in anyway.
“Nope.  She didn’t say a thing.  But you were in my dreams, weird thing about ‘em.  Seemed to have all the same important people.”  They stepped into a messy office together.  It was a decent size. Two desks, two comfy black chairs, papers everywhere.
leave the island under any circumstances.”  Castiel tilted his head slightly.  He had many questions, but had learned a long time ago that asking questions of his brethren only seemed to annoy them.  He was already supposed to know the answers.  Castiel nodded stiffly.
“Fair enough, Coach… what?”  Dwight asked, giving him an opportunity.  He’d thought about it for days… what story he’d tell people, what he’d want to be called now that he wasn’t really John Winchester anymore.  Going undercover had been a simple thing for him once when he was a hunter, he knew how to be a convincing liar, this time would just be more permanent.
“Well… not actually gone.  Just a powered down, simpering little human.  He’ll never fuck with us again.”  Dean told Cas who nodded gravely in approving acknowledgement.  “Jack leveled up.  Big boss now so he evened things out.  We’re real proud of him.”  Dean tells the last part to Jack who smiles just slightly. Cas gives Jack a little half smile and then pulls him into a hug.  Dean feels his heart squeeze in his chest again, just looking at his
, Dean thinks.  He could really smack his past self over the head a few hundred times.  He squeezes Cas’s hand and smiles at the floor.
“Dean!  DEAN! This isn’t funny anymore!  We’re adults!”  That made Dean laugh as he vaulted over the couch to head Sam off.  They were opposite of eachother, only the coffee table in between them, waiting to see who would head in any direction first.
If you haven't heard of FicFacers, I highly encourage you google it and see what we're all about.  Our auction starts TOMORROW, and I am offering one writing lot as well as 3 artist lots.  All the donations will go straight to Random Acts!
“Not the way you’re thinking I-” He stopped himself, toed his shoes off then gestured to the rest of the house.  “When were the boys getting here?  If we have time I’ll tell you most of it now, and you can ask questions when I’m done.”  Mary nodded at him.
“Yeah.”  Cas answers confused as he goes to pat his jacket.  He checks every pocket before letting the small amount of distress sink in.  “My blade is gone.” Dean looks at him wide eyed, giving the jacket a once over to be sure.
“Mom?”  Dean’s voice cracked as he looked at her.  He couldn’t believe it, he froze to the spot, something deep and heavy cracked off and broke free inside him just seeing her face.  She moved first, back into action to deflect another bozo then she whipped back to him and pulled him into her arms.
“Hello John, how are you doing?”  The doctor asked with a warm smile, she pulled a light out of her coat and put it in both of his eyes, flicking between them.
They called her Naomi, she’s known as a rehabilitator for angels that stray too far away from the mission.  God believed the Morningstar wasn’t too far gone to save, afterall he loved all of his children, so he asked Naomi to create a world that would test his son.  One that would set him free of the cage when he was
“I’m glad you’re back here.  With us.  Everything about that place sounds like it ran you through a meat grinder and expected you to keep running.  I mean… demons?!  And what else, ghosts?”  John nodded.
“He never had a song called Thriller, what are you going on about?”  John took a moment to let that information sink in and wondered how he had missed that before.
“Ah.  So we’ll both go and get that done and then meet up bac-”  Cas logically assumes, but Dean interrupts him.
“Oh definitely.  You two would have gotten on like a house on fire.”  Dean told her and Charlie winced.  “Hey, I’m allowed to joke about it.  I actually survived a house fire.”  She laughed lightly at that.
“What I wanted.  It’s. My. Sand. Box.”  Coy says as if he’s lecturing small children.  “Have I made myself clear enough now? I didn’t want you to remember him... and so you didn’t!  I wanted you to focus on the important things, but no! I guess you always have to give the ass a carrot to keep it moving, mustn't you?”  He clucks his tongue at them. “You need to figure out what’s
“Will you tell me about it?”  Cas asked, elbowing Dean in good jest.  Dean had to marvel over how far they had come in the past year.  All the social nuances that had once seemed like a foreign language to him, now he used when they suited him.  He understood so many metaphors and a good chunk of slang. Dean was proud of him, mainly because he seemed so happy.  Even if sometimes he did stand a little too close to Dean still. Dean found he really didn’t mind anymore.
“You’re flying again and…”  Cas paused, taking in Jack.  “You’re… powerful.”  He glanced back at Dean.  “You did it then?  Chuck is really gone?”  Dean got up, dusting off his jeans.
“Hello Dean.”  Cas says in his gravelly voice which absolutely does not make Dean Wincheser melt a bit.  Nope, absolutely no weird feelings happening at all.  Just the same feelings he’s always had and always ignored because he never thought Cas could… that Cas would be able-, “Which should we do first?  Decompress?  Shower?  Or Sleep?”  Cas asks in a hushed tone that brokers absolutely no argument about the intention of those last two words.  Dean swallows thickly feeling a familiar heat creeping up his spine, especially with Cas looking at him in
“So good to see you again, Cas.”  He heard her say to the other boy.  He knew her, if she liked him she’d give him a hug, a quick glance back towards the kitchen confirmed this.  John plopped on the couch out of sight of the kitchen trying to calm down his roiling thoughts.  He wanted to be outraged, but he knew Mary would kill him if he scared their guest.  No matter what he thought of this whole situation, he needed to act like a man and not a coward.  But fucking god, his own son?
Dean returned from the bathroom just then, wiping his hands on his pants and then pulling a wad of bills out of his pocket for the check.  Then he noticed Cas still smiling.
“I know it was hard for you... to accept us.”  Cas spoke with his ever deeper gravel voice, then he coughed a bit.  “But it meant the world for Dean that you tried, that you still saw him as your son.  My mother disowned me, most of my siblings followed her lead, they’re all religious pricks.”  More coughing, John grimaced at the sound and waited patiently for him to continue.  “And you accepted me.  So thank you, John.  I know I wasn’t what you pictured for your son.”  John hadn’t realized that his actions, even homophobic and bigoted as they were in the beginning, still made a difference compared to how else this man had been treated.  Like Mary said, he had tried, that was what made it good.
“This seems topsy turvy.  Aren’t I normally sitting there?”  It made John chuckle a small laugh full of the stress he’d endured the last 24 hours, when she was out again he brushed her hair out of her face and kissed her forehead.  He fell asleep that night with his arms pillowed on her bedside and woke to a strange prodding sensation near his eyebrow.
“No you’re not, you’re the best mother ever and I’m sure if I raised those boys right, they’ll say the same.”  She laughed at that and smiled at him again.
