John barks out a laugh. "Very true."
Mycroft glared. "Sherlock is not yours to play with, John," he said coldly. "You don't get to play these games with my brother. He may let you because he doesn't know any better, but I won't stand for it. I've known plenty of boys like you. You don't stand a chance with a Holmes."
And it's been working. It's been
He's been abnormally lucky enough to get John's attention all these weeks. One beautiful month. Sherlock will always remember it fondly.
It'll mark the second time Sherlock weeps since John came home.
Sliding a hand across the top of the knitted comforter, his fingers connect with a fist pulled taught.
He tried again and still nothing.
Victor Trevor's got nothing on John Watson's connection with Sherlock Holmes. Of that, John is certain.
Sherlock's heart lurches to the side and he tightens his grip in John's hair as the boy goes to move. "No," Sherlock croaks into the covers. "Not yet."
flirt with Victor Trevor. I don't even know how to flirt."
Now John knows
John Watson has been making plans for university since the beginning of the summer. He's been plotting and planning and practically vibrating with excitement at what lies ahead for him in the heart of London, ready to start his career as a doctor, ready to be in a new place, meeting new friends, playing for a new rugby team. John Watson has been ready to start a whole new life.
"Things have been… off today," John tries to explain without going into too much detail. "I've hardly heard a word from him and when we did chat briefly he seemed… distant."
Then reaches his hand down. "Come on up."
John's jumper was being tugged up by those soft hands, and he lifted his arms without thinking, pulling back enough for Sherlock to pull his shirt over his head. He opened his eyes as his hands were pulled free of the fabric and caught Sherlock's sharp eyes trailing over his naked torso.
"When, John. Tell me."
"I dunno," Irene shakes her head in frustration. "I mean, nothing concrete. I'm still trying to sort it all out, get more information, but Sherlock I'm serious, you-"
He'd removed it.
"I just don't want it to be a big deal," Sherlock counters, ears going hot at John's blunt vulgarity. "Plus it would be nice to get it out of the way before uni. No use in bringing that lovely reputation as a freak to a whole other school."
Even in the low lighting, Sherlock can see the pink kissing each of the apples in John's cheeks. "What?" the rugby player attempts to ask though the fact that he's refusing to even look at Sherlock tells the entire story.
The answer settles in the silence between them, both gaping and lost in thought until John recovers first, backing Sherlock up against the locker and bracketing him in with his arms, sneaking kiss after kiss as they both giggle helplessly, the sheer ridiculousness of the entire situation not lost on either of them.
"We could have stayed," he halfheartedly argued. "We've got nothing else on."
"That was your plan all along wasn't it?" John whispered.
Red was blurring at the corners of his vision as he barreled down the footpath, taking no notice of anyone around him.
And intimidating.
The doctor blinks rapidly, seemingly having some sort of internal debate. In the end, he slumps slightly and looks down. "Well. Good luck."
Ducking his head to hide his flushed cheeks, Sherlock rattles off his order without looking at the man standing in front of their table while John leans back in his seat, easy as you like, and asks about the best sauces the restaurant has to offer and what type of pasta goes with which, like he hadn't just rocked Sherlock's entire world for the tenth time this evening.
"Well what?"
"I've got you, love," John immediately soothes, smiling encouragingly as Sherlock's hand wraps around his forearm, not stopping him but simply riding the wave of John's strokes, lips opening and closing slowly like he isn't quite sure what to do with them, attempting to assemble some sort of control in the situation.
Sherlock stared. "B-But Mrs. Hudson-"
Frowning, John glances at Greg who shrugs in response and just as John turns back to tell Paul yet again that no one is angry with him, that it wasn't him who pressured Sherlock into drinking, that it's all fine,
The knot in Sherlock's stomach begins to loosen a bit as he blinks back in understanding. "Overwhelming like… like good overwhelming? Or-"
"Want to come to mine? I'll swing by the studio after practice and pick you up?"
Sherlock is off his game.
John's head is down, shoulders stiff and unyielding as he shuffles down the corridor, a bead of sweat dripping down his temple that only Sherlock would think to look for.
A young, short, somewhat burly boy - probably a ranch hand - is smiling softly at him and nodding toward the horse behind the door.
Victor turned to respond when the editor's office door swung open, revealing Sherlock Holmes bundled in a green scarf and his belstaff, sweeping out of his office in long strides. He didn't so much as glance in John's direction, making a beeline for the door. John ignored the disappointed swoop in his stomach, physically restraining himself from running after. He hated so much that he'd missed his opportunity to talk to Sherlock today, already dreading the following Sherlock-less days ahead.
on Sherlock Holmes-
The crowd laughs at her reaction.
They don't love her like he does.
"But I want to
Everything felt wrong. Everything. Like Sherlock wasn't saying something he wanted to. Like John should just blurt out everything he was thinking. Like their banter John had come to cherish was suddenly too much, the interaction too fragile.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "John, you are killing me. Go to bed."
"Oh my… sorry sir, really, so sorry on his behalf. I've got him from here."
"Come here," John is growling in his ear and Sherlock's eyes widen, realizing the captain of the rugby team is dragging him across the dance floor.
It had been ten years. Ten miserable years since John Watson had stood on the platform of the train station, smiled at Sherlock, kissed his lips and told him he'd see him soon. It was complete crap of course, seeing as they had absolutely no idea when they'd see each other again. Sherlock was going off to uni to start his degree and John was going off to the army. They'd agreed they would write, and speak when John was able, but they didn't agree to much more. No visits. No long distance relationships. No long-term plans. No waiting for each other.
Sherlock rolls his eyes down at his fingers unwrapping the ribbons around his legs. "I'm the furthest thing from clueless, thank you very much."
Taking a moment to gather his thoughts, John takes a deep breath and steps forward, gathering Sherlock around the shoulders where the boy is still seated at his desk and pulls him into his chest, counting it as a win when Sherlock folds forward and buries his face into John's bare skin, cool hands finding their way to John's lower back and resting there, holding on fiercely.
"Are you going to tell me-"
Sherlock can't move.
and he reaches out to grip a hand into John's shirt, to keep him here, to let him take him completely when suddenly it's over.
And Sherlock, even with an actual threat dripping in front of him, just can't help it.
"And he's a detective," John added proudly. Sherlock tossed him a sharp look, and John furrowed his brow. "What? Isn't that true?"
But tonight, it isn't his body waking him.
he going to do? Was he going to fight? Step up his game? Make a move?
Sherlock snorts. "Of course. The overthrowing of the straight population."
Sherlock, John and Mrs. Hudson all jump at once as Mr. Holmes suddenly surges back to life, barking out a loud, almost hysterical laugh.
Nodding, because that's all he can manage at the moment, Sherlock's responding yes is nothing but a whimper as he arches into John's touch, stuttering out a low cry when another of John's thrusts hits that exact spot inside of him, making his frame tingle with tiny sparks of pleasure.
Shrugging, John says, "I dunno. Aren't people supposed to care about who their siblings are dating?"
Alright my darlings, THE GOOD STUFF IS ABOUT TO BEGIN! For those of you who've read my other works, you know very well how much I LOOOOVE ME SOME SMUT and this story is going to be no different! So please, commence following me down the rabbit hole into teenlock sexytimes if you dare, otherwise this may be a good chapter to hop off the Adore You train because our boys are about to get down and dirty ;) GET EXCITED!
It's soul deep, life altering, right down to the heart of it, right down to the center of his entire world, right down to where everything starts and begins with that one boy. Every day has no light until he sees his face, every night is lonely without him, every moment of Sherlock's life revolves around that single person.
John, who apparently is unable to read minds, cocks an amused eyebrow at him. "Sherlock?" he questions, though his voice sounds… a bit far away. Blinking against heavy eyelids, the curly-haired boy notices John's figure is getting a bit blurry and distance as sleep tugs at the corners of Sherlock's mind, creeping up and over him like an additional blanket to his already thick comforter.
"Because you were worried I was sad about Sherlock and would get too drunk." John said matter-of-factly. He glared at his drink, closing one eye to focus in on it. "Which may have been a legitimate concern."
"Hey," John's soft tenor voice gentles into his ear. "Look at me, love."
He mind was absolutely reeling.
just is. He's… he's incredible."
"What's going on?"
John's lips twitched as he threw his head back in resignation. "Fine," he grumbled to the ceiling.
He needed it to be clear to John that they could not carry on further. So he hadn't called him. And somehow he knew it wouldn't stop at that. John had found his confidence and he would want to break in further. Sherlock not calling most likely wouldn't deter him too much. He needed to seal it off entirely, force John to recognize how badly matched Sherlock was for him, friends or otherwise.
He's startles, unable to stop the gasp from escaping his lips. A dark chuckle comes from behind him and Sherlock is frozen to the ground.
Sherlock was watching him. "Well?"
John is fine.
Brushing fingers through his curls, John makes a soft, precious sound, lips finding Sherlock's again with reverence. "Always," he repeats.
Maybe he imagined it, maybe it didn't actually happen but Sherlock's body doesn't seem to care about reality or not because it fully believes it happened and is currently hustling down the halls of Sherlock's Mind Palace, filing away the touch into its proper location to be remembered and cherished always, to remind Sherlock what it could possibly be like to be touched by John in an intimate way, ever if he'd made the entire thing up.
," Sherlock all but barks, horrified at the implication. "I won't- I'll stay in the other room. So you don't have to reconcile two sets of stairs."
," John chokes, and it would have sounded almost angry with how harsh it came out if he didn't reach for Sherlock at the same time, but Christ this boy is going to give him a bloody heart attack, the thought of undressing Sherlock already enticing enough but removing his own clothing from the genius boy's body is
Or, well,
? You are fucking
Even at age eight Sherlock felt that promise bone-deep. He understood the severity of it. He'd made his own promise after all, and he'd meant it to the very core of his naïve soul.
Sherlock's gut swoops in disappointment.
He just wants to be alone.
He's cut off by a loud squeaking of springs and the small mountain Sherlock had been peeking over falls to the floor followed by uncoordinated limbs tumbling over the edge of the mattress and onto the tile with a soft
"Well,
"I have a condom," he says, because he actually does. Mycroft thought it'd be funny to buy him a pack before he left for uni. They lay unopened in Sherlock's night table.
John couldn't help but smile. "I know."
A few weeks or months later, John couldn't say, he witnessed a few older boys beating up a small, well-dressed boy, hurling gay slurs at him and cackling as he crumpled to the ground. John waited for them to disappear and then had gone to help the boy up and to the nurse. It was a cowardly thing to do, but he couldn't stop the bullies. They were bigger and meaner then shit and would have torn John to pieces. As he approached the kid, he recognized him, Andrew Randall, same year as John and very,
Greg grinned around a mouthful of sandwich. "Anytime, my friend."
"Be?" Sherlock offers.
John, please… John,
Sherlock shrugs. "Dunno," he mumbles. "Probably just throw it out."
!" Sherlock gasps, sparks showering behind his eyelids and trickling down his frame and out to all of his limbs as John nudges against a soft spot inside him, his whole body quavering at the touch. "Ohh- god
It takes a beat for the implication to sink in before Sherlock has the wherewithal to react.
A warm, slick hand releases his thigh and wraps around his cock with a firm grasp, stroking him from base to tip as John continues to thrust long and deep inside of him, the rhythm perfect to drive Sherlock absolutely
And just as John presses another lingering kiss this time to Sherlock's forehead, the little butterflies in his stomach still twirling and swooping and fluttering giddily, the genius shifts again, this time hips first and John's vision abruptly blurs at the edges, the sappy, flowery happiness he'd been reveling in taking on a sharper, definite tone, kisses and cuddles suddenly only seeming like halfway to enough as a rather gorgeous bloke ruts up against him, alerting John's body to other wants and needs that were content to lay dormant until a rather severe reminder pressed itself against him.
He has no idea what the Holmes brother's relationship is, but he has a sneaky feeling that it's not a great one judging by the reaction Sherlock has at the mention of his brother, or the way he'd stared daggers into him at the game only weeks prior.
Their rhythm isn't fast but it's hard and deep and Sherlock digs a hand into John's hair, John's mouth sucking down on his shoulder.
John bloody adored him.
Sherlock was taking a gamble. Really, he had no idea what ten-years-later John Watson was like. His John had been giggly and smiley and happy, but he'd also been hardheaded and never one to ask for help. They'd had several fights during secondary school about John needing tutoring for a few classes, Sherlock offering to help for free, while John insisted he pay him. Pay his own boyfriend to tutor him. It was absurd, and just a silly little domestic back then, but it spoke volumes about who John was and who John never wanted to be. He was his own man, stubborn as hell, never accepting 'charity' as he put it of any kind.
"I kept her up to date. She's very proud of you, Sherlock," Victoria tossed him a soft smile.
John couldn't look away.
"John," he croaks as he collides with John's strong body.
"John," is Sherlock's wrecked reply, his body doing just as much work as John thrusts up against him. "Can... oh fuck- can you come? Like this?"
His hardened cock brushed against Sherlock's hip, gently, barely even a whisper of a touch, and John moaned softly. No one had ever touched John between his legs besides himself, curiosity and young libido getting the best of him. Another thing for him to feel absurdly guilty about.
is he regretting this decision now.
"Aren't you the police?" John snapped. "Shouldn't you be telling people to
Sherlock hesitates, looking unsure. Then slowly he trails his fingers down John's belly, touching his hand gently. "...Can I? I'd like to...try."
And he cannot get
has experience. Trust me, you don't want to shag for the first time in a drunken stupor with some stranger." Mike shook his head.
And he adored it already.
, John returned the sentiment.
Sherlock must be on a date.
Cheeks burning immediately, Sherlock drops his gaze and bites down hard on the inside of his lip, refusing the let his sibling see exactly what type of affect John Watson has on him.
John eventually goes awkwardly quiet until they arrive at the address Sherlock had on his phone.
"It was him," Anderson says with a smug nod. "He confessed too. Said he must have forgotten."
? He essentially lives alone at age eighteen. Isn't that a good thing? Isn't that every teenage boy's dream? He has no one to answer to. No one to worry about. After living in what could only be described as a shack for his entire youth with a bitter mother and a borderline alcoholic of a sister, John should be thankful for the silence. Thankful for the peace and quiet. He has no responsibilities now but himself. He doesn't have to look after his family or the electricity bill or if his mother made it into work that day or not. He just has his schoolwork and his rugby team and himself. He doesn't need to be worrying about or looking after anyone. It's not his job. It's not his responsibility.
He dragged himself down the alleyway, ignoring the trash bins and rotting food and everything else that made this place uninhabitable, ignoring that the cold tonight could kill John easily without a coat, ignoring how it ached to think he had him back and now had to walk away again.
"John, what are you
"Right. So, what, does all my school work go on the Useless Information Floor or just primary school stuff?"
Biting down on a heavy, exhausted sigh, John shrugs. "Not that I know of." He shouldn't be frustrated with Greg. The guy has no idea that John has been slowly going insane for an entire week, curiosity and frustration and concern all warring for dominance within him from all the possibilities as to why his roommate has not returned to their room during waking hours.
"John," Sherlock sighs against his ear, giving a gentle lick of encouragement, "I want to. So much."
From day one, he'd had the right idea; stay away, steer clear, don't get involved, don't get attached, keep to himself, keep away from the blond boy living in his room,
The lull in the already stilted conversation makes John's abdomen cramp up a bit in panic, feeling like he's fallen incredibly wrong-footed in this discussion and has absolutely no idea why. Did something happen? Did he unknowingly do something Sherlock is upset about?
Or maybe it was when John promised to be his best friend forever a week later, shaking Sherlock's hand. A gentlemen's agreement between eight-year-olds.
God, now that he'd been forbidden to say it, it was all he wanted to say. They were the only words rolling around his mouth. They sat at the tip of his tongue, begging to be let out.
"Are we talking about Sherlock," Mike mimicked in a whiny voice, "Of
"Really? You looked worse for wear last night."
Maybe he decided ballet wasn't something he'd be interested in seeing.
"I couldn't-"
That promise lasts about thirteen days. Just shy of two weeks, after several late-night ice cream runs and giggling over Sherlock's stories of failed experiments and explosions he'd set off at his school, after doing several activities a day together, spending every moment laughing and talking and he'd eve dare say flirting, John simply cannot take it anymore.
Sherlock rolls his eyes. "Oh stop it. I know you're dating Mary, and I know we never talked about being exclusive so it's not like I have a right to be mad but...but it still hurts," Sherlock's voice has lost all its original bite. He just sounds pathetic now.
bed, pulling him closer and
Three sharp knocks and Sherlock is up and out of bed, practically racing to the window to let John in, ready to get this over with. He's mulled it all over and he's ready for this conversation. He's clearheaded and laser focused and he will make this right. He has to.
"You look good out there," Mrs. Hudson nods toward the course but Sherlock doesn't miss the flicker in her eyes. "A bit rusty but you'll get back to it."
Sherlock's eyelids fell slowly, opening just a crack as he tried again. "Why did one glass….do thistome?"
John was grinning again. "I don't know how you do it. I'm tired just from walking and crouching in a bush for a few minutes."
John swung around at the sound of his name, almost tipping over the table and found Link with his hand on a stranger's shoulder. The man wasn't bad to look at, only a bit taller then Link, light brown hair and brilliant bright green eyes, smiling down at John.
is going to be okay.
He belongs with someone.
"So?" Sherlock had bit back, actively working against his breaking heart, ignoring the rising panic that crept up his spine at the thought of not seeing John every single day, not seeing him smile or laugh. Not being able to kiss and hug him. It clawed at Sherlock's insides, the potential distance threatening what they have. But he'd known better than to say those things out loud.
"You are so gorgeous like this," he murmured up to his blond boyfriend as John's already red face darkened a shade. "You look so fucking good riding against me. I want to feel you come all over me."
The déjà vu is overwhelming.
He'd known since the day this started. He'd
John parks and gets out, head popping up from the opposite side of the car. He spreads his hands across the hood, smirking as he eyes Sherlock. "Impressive, right?"
"It's John," he repeated in a rush of breath, unable to stop repeating it, unable to separate his thoughts.
"-were a fluke," Sherlock repeats his earlier sentiment. "That has no bearing on what others may do. Or say. It's not what people usual do when they meet me." He takes a breath and somehow sinks further against John. "You don't know what it was like," he murmurs. "Before you. Everything was different."
you and you said you weren't going to tell anyone,
Well, maybe just-
"Oi, mate, you alright?" A voice broke into his silent panic attack and John looked up to find the bartender looking at him with concern.
John made a sound he'd never heard himself make before as soft touches tickled his lower stomach, reaching slowly upward. How did skin on skin feel this good?
Sherlock was worth the humiliation.
Mrs. Hudson's voice comes from around the corner as she steps out.
John, for his part, doesn't find anything about his words funny. He glances up at Sherlock for a split second before glancing back to the boy addressing him.
"I'll get that candle for the table," Angelo continues, pointing in Sherlock's direction before backing away. "It's more romantic."
come first. "I can't tonight."
Pressing a hand to his chest in a weak attempt to keep his heart from shattering, John takes a deep breath, swallowing around the painful realization, gaze trained on the floor as he takes it all in, lets himself feel the anger, the horror and the hurt for the simple fact that that boy… that unbelievably drop dead gorgeous, bright, absolutely fantastic bloke doesn't
If and when John wants it, Sherlock wants to be prepared. He wants to be ready for anything. He wants to be
John closed his eyes, leaning into Sherlock in a soft nuzzle. "We're going to love each other," he agreed, running his nose along Sherlock's hairline. "We're going to love each other."
certain.
The water is warm and nice and calming and Sherlock arranges them both under the spray, helping John tip his head back under the water to wet his hair, naked and beautiful for Sherlock to gaze at and love every inch of, water trailing down every line and dip of firm muscle, water gathering in the blonde hairs at John's groin and dripping sensually down his hardening cock, the image almost pornographic and Sherlock has to look away.
"Jesus," John breathes as they roll up in front of a large home at the end of a block. "Is this your house?"
And Sherlock, looking back on it now, had been so bloody stupid. So unbelievably reckless. So unlike himself, telling Seb so much more information than he ever should have, explaining all about his stud of a boyfriend currently chasing his dream to play for the England national rugby union team, preening like a bloody peacock at how proud he was of John and how he knew he would make it in a few short years after extensive training with a professional team and on and on and on. He hadn't caught on, his young, incandescently happy, naive heart totally wrapped up in John Watson and his goals, that Sebastian was feigning interest, eyes widening with every presumed lie that fell from Sherlock's lips, mouth quirking with condescension and amusement that by the time Sherlock had finished his tale, Seb was all but on the floor, cackling away at the young boy and his fantasy world, exclaiming pity and mockery.
Suddenly feeling flustered and nervous and a little put on the spot, Sherlock taps out a reply that seems a bit dull compared to his partner's charming request for a compliment but he can't find it in himself to come up with anything cleverer.
Like he's enjoying the taste of John's come on his tongue.
It is twisted how thrilling that thought alone is, that Sherlock could possibly return his feelings, even the smallest chance sends tiny trickles of anticipation down every fiber of John's being, the idea that he had even the smallest of shots with Sherlock Holmes almost unbearably exhilarating.
s, and his green eyes flash again, something cold and bitter crossing his features for a split, harsh second, but then he's on yet again, quirking his mouth up at the corner and blinking sparkling emerald rubies down at Sherlock.
"Creating a distraction," Sherlock replied simply. "Mike wouldn't have left your side if a stranger had come up and asked you to talk alone. I needed to make him uncomfortable." He smirked slightly. "I also wanted to prove my theory right."
Fine.
He double-checked the building and room number on his schedule before daring to throw open the doors. He'd all of a sudden become very nervous and he looked around to see several other students standing outside the door, comparing schedules. He felt his heart sink a bit. It seemed he was the only one who didn't have some sort of friend or acquaintance to start this journey with. Maybe he should have made a better effort at the party.
"You'll want to get ready, John," Sherlock smirked with a wink. Then he darted from the room.
"John," he murmured as John trailed wet kisses down his neck and hummed in his ear. "John, we're still outside."
Sherlock's cheeks burn. He actually isn't so sure he'd want to talk to whoever is sending him these wonderful love notes. Because then, no matter how that would turn out, whether he liked them or not, whether
"Don't worry dear brother," Mycroft rolls his eyes at the insult, looking thoroughly bored by the entire situation. "I'm simply here for moral support."
And sodding
Sherlock furrowed his brow. "I should think that were obvious. You always come here on Wednesdays."
And continues to ignore the worry niggling at the base of his skull, the one that offers the possibility that maybe John won't be happy to see him at all. That maybe this is the worst idea he's ever had. That maybe John wanted to get away from him for a long weekend and didn't know how to tell him-
The writing staff began to gather their things, murmurings low and urgent as the new week began, when a loud throat clear came from above the noise.
"Okay," he garbled. "Y-you're gunna have to do all the work."
"Exposed," Sherlock finished for him, reaching for his hands and pulling him up to bring the covers out from under him. "I understand."
"Sorry, sorry," his mother flaps her hands in front of her face, blinking rapidly to keep the droplets from falling. "Give your dear old mother a break, I haven't seen you in
"John?"
, you fucking bastard," John barks, his captain's voice in full force and Sherlock moves toward him slightly, needing desperately to stay near him. "Don't you
"What is your connection with Sherlock Holmes?" Moran spat all too close to his face.
They pushed open the doors to find a rather swanky event already in full-swing, small tables scattered around the court, three bars placed purposefully in each corner, a small dance floor sitting strategically in the center. Men and women mingled in small groups, drinks in hand, smiling and chatting excitedly.
And the best part is John has no bloody idea.
, the memories of the last three days, of his
"He's a good kid," Lestrade agrees. "I've known his family for years."
"Well, we would have come either way," John shrugs. "Victor Trevor isn't going to keep me from living my life."
"We'd been working together about a year and had a particularly... dangerous case. It ended in an explosion."
John is a lot of things to Sherlock.
The boy above him does an honest to god body roll, hips heaving helplessly off the door and back as he groans, dropping his head back against the wood behind him. "John," he whispers, bottom lip threatening a full-on pout that's hindered by the moan he can't seem to keep at bay as John's breath ghosts against his naked skin. "John, please."
It's like a thick layer of ice has formed around his ankles, freezing him to the spot, not allowing him to move an inch, even as he feels hot breath on his neck, even as the snake slithers closer and wraps its words around him in a vice grip.
So he's putting a stop to this right now.
Sherlock glares and marches to the back, waiting until he's out of John's eyesight to shove the helmet over the chaos of his curly hair. It's far too large and falls to one side of his head and Sherlock glares upward for a moment before clipping it in place. Then he hesitates.
John's cheeks felt hot. "Me too," he murmured, as Sherlock ducked down to place soft lips over his.
Sherlock's heart falls heavily to his stomach. "Why did you do that?" he breathes.
Like he was John's.
"I'm fine, John," he snarled. "You don't need to come here and," he waived his arm at the food, "take care of me. I'm not a child."
"You didn't want to come too soon?" John asks for clarification, licking his way over one of Sherlock's pretty pink nipples.
"Oh Jesus,
Oh fuck.
"What?" Mycroft replies, attempting to look innocent and failing miserably. "I was just-"
you're at uni. My guess is that most of the kids here are at least questioning, maybe bisexual, if not
"Well, I wouldn't," John continues to send him scathing looks.
Warmth pools from inside the house out onto the front porch and the sight before his eyes is almost exactly how the photograph in his mind looks, though he's certain his photographic memory could never ever do justice to actually
my horse. She's
"Get. Down." Sherlock snaps low and dangerous. If he can't ride her, no one can. Especially John stupid Watson who's been invading his thoughts and dreams and goddamn
, wanting to touch and hold and be with Sherlock and now…
Startling himself, Sherlock shoots a panicked glance at his roommate who looks like he'd just have done a spit take if he'd been drinking anything. Cursing himself, Sherlock glances down at his hands, mumbling, "Er- sorry… never mind."
Sherlock snorted. "Absolutely not."
John grinned in triumph. "Well you weren't at your little... uh, your um..."
Sherlock cries out.
And every bit of anxiety still hovering over Sherlock's subconscious dissipates completely.
Sherlock can feel himself shaking. He's never done anything like this before. Never blatantly gone against his father's wishes. Never done anything this risky.
Or maybe it's an acronym?
John has better sense than to completely blow up his living situation.
"Nope."
Sherlock doesn't know how to response. He only stares back, confusion and anger and awe all warring for dominance within him.
"Like?"
And there is a rider on her back.
Something churns low in John's gut, something he very much doesn't like as the head counselor begins shouting into the megaphone a booming welcome to camp.
But that doesn't change the now.
He knew that voice. He'd heard it many times before.
"You know I can't do that," Sherlock murmurs, pushing into John's touch. "As much as I wish I could."
Sherlock was the first to move, twitching slightly underneath John.
It takes every ounce in John Watson to keep himself from wrapping arms and legs around Sherlock and pulling him completely on top because that's the exact
For the first time in his life, Sherlock was out of his depth completely. John wasn't like everybody else. He was so different. So gloriously, intriguingly different. How could anyone not see that? How could anyone have rejected John? Like that stupid boy from his hometown… Sherlock would need more data on that.
"Come on," Sherlock slurs, long fingers curving around John's forearms and hanging on, turning his head to nuzzle into John's blond fringe, continuously murmuring a string of words John only hears parts of. "...want you... to come... John... for me... come..."
Rolling his eyes, John glares. "Come on. There has to be
Because that's all John thought about these days: sex with Sherlock. Getting off with Sherlock. Touching Sherlock's nude body and having Sherlock touch his. It was like a drug, something John craved almost all the time, his inexperienced libido racing at top speed constantly for one man and one man alone. If he'd known his body would react like this once they started having sex, he would have bloody warned Sherlock.
He really is pretty. His skin is soft and smooth, completely untouched and delicate. John licks his lips as his hands run over the outsides of Sherlock's pectorals. Sherlock's skin breaks out in goose flesh and his nipples pebble to hardness, a deep flush taking over his chest.
"Lieutenant Moran will escort you. Now, Cadet."
Lestrade looked at John. "He stays here."
Now he would have both. His heart and soul, body and breath belong wholly to John Watson and after four miserable years, he won't be waiting in agony for months on end to act upon those truths.
Even by Sherlock's standards, considering he still doesn't know a thing about rugby, the game is absolutely
John works him through it, only pulling off when Sherlock goes still and makes small uncomfortable noises from oversensitivity.
Sherlock turns to find John's excited face has fallen. He chews at his bottom lip, eyes skittering across the ground. "Um…"
"Come on,
He grinned when he felt John turn on him.
Lestrade shrugged. "I had a sneaky feeling you two would hit it off."
"Oh good!" Victoria nodded, looking very pleased. "You'll be an excellent doctor, I'm sure."
"What is it?" John continues his game, trailing soft fingers up and down Sherlock's thighs, watching muscles quiver beneath his touch and wholly ignoring the aching erection straining toward him. "Tell me."
boy that he would very much like to be taken by and tended to by and
He didn't want to run, god, he wanted to stay forever. Stay here and take care of this boy like he'd taken care of John so many times before.
John throws his head back and laughs.
for it as he pushes his tongue forward, licking and working his muscle loose.
. I don't have a better word for it."
Christ, that was lame but John can't bring himself to care even as a prick of uncertainty pings the base of his skull.
Sherlock rolled his hips against John's, their erections now pressed perfectly together and John gasped, scrabbling at Sherlock's back to keep the friction, to gather him as close as possible. They rocked together slowly, John moaning into Sherlock's mouth, arching his neck to open himself up further. He needed... god he needed something and...
Fists clenched so tightly nails were digging into skin, John Watson stormed through campus, eyes locked straight ahead, posture stiff as a board.
Lestrade eyed him as if taking in what he said, then knitted his eyebrows. "Can I ask why you come to this stuff with him? I mean, the detective stuff. It's a bit...odd for kids your age, isn't it?"
Dolly doesn't seem fazed.
Brows pinched in confusion at his own scattered thoughts, Sherlock flops back against his pillow and digs his toes under his blankets, warmth suddenly enveloping his rather chilly body now that he thinks about it, eyelids growing heavy from all the activity of the evening and the heat surrounding him.
"I'm sorry," Sherlock said sharply. "That... I shouldn't have said that."
Is that why he's being so short now?
"Oh god, you can't be that loud, love," John half-laughs, half-moans as he continues to circle his goal with the pad of his finger. "I wish you could, my god you are so sexy, I can't even explain it and I promise when we get back to Baker Street I am going to make you bloody
Mike huffs. "I can't go
Which turns out to be a poor choice as millions of hits for dating sites filter into view, advertising everything from true love to one night stands, all with just the click of a button and Sherlock quickly back-spaces out of that, brows pinched as he adds the word
"Nope."
And just as he's about to do that, just as he's about to toss one last longing gaze in his roommate's direction, attempt to silently apologize for being a right prat, a harsh, though now familiar, hand comes down on his shoulder followed by a loud belly-laugh.
This had become the norm lately.
that your brother's
"Hey, whatever you need to think to get the job done," Irene shrugs. "I'll keep an eye on them in class, make sure Victor isn't making any moves."
John cocked his head in thought. "Um…that's a good question. I really don't know. I thought... I guess I thought we had- I mean we got on well for three months and he was always helping me with my work and-" John laughed bitterly all of a sudden. "God, it sounds bloody moronic now that I'm saying it out loud."
"Sorry," Bill murmured, fidgeting where he stood, a note of panic in his voice. "I was just about to call you-"
Late enough that a drink wouldn't be questioned, but not too late that the evening would be cut short. And they are… yes, they are alone. Paul definitely doesn't seem to be home.
"See you," Sherlock throws over his shoulder as he hurries out of the library, cursing Irene for distracting him.
"Victoria."
The man attached to this phone number was likely the most powerful and equally petrifying person John had ever met in his life. He was mysterious and serious and brilliant. Maybe as brilliant as Sherlock but John would never say that out loud.
"I love you," Sherlock murmured, hands finding John's and lacing their fingers together as he stared down at the blond boy. "I love you so very much, John."
"Is that the only word you know?" John asks, looking quite amused.
. And before Sherlock even had the chance to catch his eye, to smile at him and get a grin in return, to touch him, to be touched by him, John had been tackled so hard that if he'd landed just a little different, fallen just a little further, twisted just a little harsher-
buggering
get John's full attention like she'd wanted.
"And you break in to his house often?"
is the one who wanted this. It's
"Yes," John cuts him off with an irritated huff. "And?"
"Normally? You do this a lot?"
"Greg is here to spend Christmas with us," his mother replies pleasantly, though Sherlock can see the warning in her dark eyes, "because we invited him. Be nice or your invitation to be here may just get rescinded."
Intoxicating.
decision to down those shots, thank you very much. In Sherlock's opinion, his chemistry partner wasn't much of a factor at all in that choice. He'd merely made a suggestion and Sherlock had agreed. No big deal. Mycroft, and now Irene, make it out like Victor is some huge importance in Sherlock's life, some significant figure he's associating with and being influenced by, like Sherlock's brain turns to complete mush whenever he's around his Chemistry partner, like Victor
page! Come join in! XO!
"You could have grabbed it off the hook when we left," John scolds as he tosses the bundled towels onto Sherlock's bed. "It's sitting right there."
Sherlock is just another body in this flat. He's simply the tall man who occupies the first floor bedroom.
John is a year older than Sherlock, a rugby player and a perfect male specimen.
Another low, almost inaudible groan came from within, followed by, "Over here Mister Holmes," Bill's voice filtering through the darkness.
"Away from you," Sherlock mutters, shifting his bag over his shoulder and reaching for the door just as he hears another piercing cackle from behind him.
Sherlock doesn't miss Lestrade and Mrs. Hudson exchanging a glance. "What?"
It's stunning the way their bodies move together, meeting and tensing and rolling like they'd been meant to do this all along, lips never touching as they breath each other in, the centimeters between their mouths filled with scorching breaths and damp heat, and Sherlock can feel it all along his body, feel the air that John breathes into his lungs, feel the tidal wave of pleasure engulf him as John guides him carefully into bliss.
Mycroft Holmes just seemed the type to have traps surrounding his house like a fortress.
His father beams at him.
"Shut up," John snapped, "This is not about me right now. When? When in God's name did you two start doing..." he waved his hand between the two of them. "
And how much Sherlock has done absolutely nothing to hinder it.
"Are you any good?"
Sherlock is certain.
"I told Mycroft you like him," John replied, eyes searching through the crowd for curly dark hair and pale skin. John could practically hear Greg's eyes bulge.
"Woah, Mike, relax. I'm not going to anyone's house to do anything. You think I'd go spend a weekend alone with some stranger?"
No idea he's had a life with one Sherlock Holmes. No idea Sherlock Holmes has been waiting for him.
And just as he's about to step through the entryway to the kitchen, a short body is stepping out, arms flying to either side of him and his mother is yanking him into a snug embrace with a little cheer of excitement. "Sherlock, darling!" she cries, enveloping him in one of her famously tight, loving hugs and kissing his cheek. "Happy Christmas!"
The team is slowly breaking apart, practice clearly coming to an end as a few of the boys holler their goodbyes to those still in the midst of after-practice tackling and Sherlock suddenly feels exposed creeping along the path and watching with undisguised fascination. He shuffles his feet slightly, attempting to break his trance-like stare and avoid getting caught outright ogling.
Which does nothing to deter Sherlock snorting derisively up at his sibling. "Good
Sherlock doesn't turn. "He's asleep."
"Sorry," John murmured with a soft laugh, "my weight probably isn't super comfortable." He slipped his softening cock from Sherlock and pulled back, tugging the condom free. "That was-"
John grinned back. "Greg is lucky to have you," he said with a chuckle.
it truly is, Sherlock taps back equally quickly.
"Oh, no reason to be frightened of Myc, dear," Victoria flapped her hand toward John as she reached for a plate of eggs to pass in his direction. "Did he pull the whole cloak and daggers thing on you? He's really harmless."
"Oh for godsake, go back to where you were or you
John can't
Just on the verge of finding Greg for an additional search party, he caught sight of dark curls pushing through one of the back doors.
"We never…" Sherlock prompted, waiving his hand at him to continue.
Pausing with another droplet tube in his hand, Sherlock seems to consider that. "I suppose," he decides. "Though I don't much care for my brother. Why should I care about his boyfriend?"
John approached the door and as he raised his hand to knock, the door swung open almost violently and John jumped slightly with surprise, spilling coffee down his hand and hissing at the pain.
"I said," John ground out through clenched teeth, "I'll slip it under his door."
"Let me know if I need to save you again," John murmurs.
It's too big, of course it is, but it doesn't matter because it's warm and it's so soft and it's so
The day they graduated, Mike gave John a long, inebriated speech about how once they were off at uni, he was never speaking to anyone from their town again. Said he was sick and tired of the small-town mentality that if anyone is different, they are somehow bad. He'd thrown his beer bottle up the sky and yelled, "Fuck you all! We're going to London!"
"I was there," John nods, though he too leans in to hear better. "I saw you drag him off like an angry teacher yelling at their student."
John.
A little
John stared at her for a long moment. "Are you ok?"
"You'd do well to listen to me," Irene replies angrily. "In case you weren't aware, Sherlock is also important to
Ripping his coat from his desk chair, John furiously threw it over his shoulders.
He loses himself in the music, attempting to block out the pain. Pain from listening to his husband hurting. Pain from no longer having a husband. Pain from no longer have a John.
In a few short months, after Sherlock graduates, after contracts end, after deals are signed, after summer begins, John is coming home to London.
"I wanted to heal," John continued softly. "I wanted to be healthy before I saw you again. No limp, no bandages, no casts. I wanted to be in good condition, to be able to move on with our life together. To be a partner to you and have everything we always talked about." The last word broke as John's face contorted. "But an army pension isn't much in London," he murmured. "And I don't even... I don't know when it got so bad, but it did and one day I found myself wondering where I'd sleep for the night, no friends or family to turn to and pennies in my bank account. I don't know...I can't say when it began but after that... I couldn't face you, Sherlock. I couldn't come back to you like that, needing so much from you. You would have dropped it all and ruined your life for me."
"I'm not," Mike replied, a bit too harshly to be believed.
Hips thrust forward uncoordinatedly and Sherlock cries out unable to keep himself quiet as his orgasm crests and crashes over him, wave after wave of blissful pleasure as John continues to touch and soothe him through it, whispering tenderly down at him as Sherlock moans and shakes and works himself through it, focused solely on his boyfriend's soft words and the pleasure spiraling his insides gloriously. Days and days of pent up frustration flow freely from him, wringing him dry and he gasps with the relief of it, entire body quivering as he pulses over and over.
And now he didn't have to.
"He's just worried she'll hurt me," Sherlock feels the need to defend his father. Mr. Holmes is not a bad dad. He's just overprotective.
Sherlock doesn't like the sickening gleam in Victor's eyes.
The whimper that falls from that cupid's bow mouth is torturous and precious all at once, Sherlock responding in kind with kisses of his own, softly whispered
"Why do you think we were only letting him drink beer all night?" Greg bellows back, anger tinting his every word.
that maybe… just maybe…
Sherlock leans forward and kisses him.
And Sherlock no longer thinks.
he was offering me money before you stormed in here."
"Alright?" John pauses his movements and waits.
I agree to this," his father had warned, "you must do something with your pony. You must learn to ride, learn to train them. You must dedicate time to them. If you don't, I will not hesitate to sell your pony."
"Yeah. I mean I don't know if anything is true but I heard he fucks some of his students on occasion, and people see him out a lot at clubs. I don't get why the school hasn't flipped out and expelled him."
"Jesus Christ," John snaps out loud, eyes glaring daggers into the stupid device in his hand that is currently giving him
"Well, now I've set you straight, so you can bugger off."
"Your turn to tell me something about you. Like do you have interests or hobbies or other siblings or parents?"
He might as well have struck a match and pressed it into Sherlock's skin with how his flesh burns at the touch.
"Yeah." John glances over again to clock Sherlock still at the bar and Christ, even the back of his head is goddamn beautiful, all falling curls standing starkly against porcelain skin, strong shoulders curved inward as he leans on his elbows against the wood, long back giving way to that deliciously round arse looking particularly firm and perfect in those sinfully tight jeans. God, Sherlock is so lovely, and so brilliant and so damn stupid sometimes. That perfect boy should know that. Know that he is perfect. Know that he is loved.
He can feel John beaming at him.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "Yes, thank you, John. I am fully aware of how you feel about my looks."
Which of course it is.
He turned sharply to him. "I'm not worried about her, Sherlock," John made a feeble attempt to whisper, as if three other Holmeses weren't seated around the table only inches from him. He ran a hand through his hair. "What if Mike comes back to the flat? What if she's still there when I get home?"
John glared at his phone but took off in the path he'd been directed, trying not to be overwhelmed by the stoic but precious decor, dripping with class and elegance. Expensive-looking artifacts and furniture were placed tastefully along the lengthy hallway, as though one may need to take a rest halfway through, have a seat and admire the grandness of it all.
John's frown deepens, brows furrowing with a mix of confusion. "Why would you say that?"
John has been enjoying observing.
Warmth blooms in Sherlock's chest, nestling comfortably between his ribs and slowly spreading through his body.
It's Sherlock's version of fun reads.
"It's important for your relationship."
Sherlock lifted John onto the kitchen table without thinking and wedged himself between John's thighs. John groaned, spreading his legs welcomingly and gripped tighter, hanging on to Sherlock's dressing gown like he may fall if he let go. Sherlock was almost desperate now, pressing harder and deeper into John's mouth, then his cheek, then his jaw, running his hands all over his body, down his back and to his thighs and then back up. He placed open mouth kisses to John's neck, licking and sucking hard, being driven mad by the sounds coming from John's lips.
"Is this alright?" John whispers, lips still touching Sherlock's as he wraps a hand around Sherlock's cock.
Eyes widening for a split second and swallowing hard like his throat has just gone very dry, John's fingers fidget along the seam of his jacket. "Oh- well, you... you said ... I- mean if you want to get it over with, I can- I'll do it."
The boy was sound asleep, laid out on his back mouth hanging open ever so slightly, inhaling deeply, huffing little breaths as he exhaled. His chest rose and fell in a steady rhythm, his fingers twitching slightly.
John stayed stock-still, biting his cheek on the inside, trying to move past embarrassment and on to indignation but couldn't seem to get there. He stared just over the shoulder of this tall stranger, unable to meet his gaze. He didn't want to admit it out loud. It was awful enough in his head.
It wasn't a question.
John bit down hard on the inside of his cheek, doing his best to keep himself in check. "Sod off," he ground out.
John is able to restart his life.
Sherlock didn't respond. He's too shocked to say anything.
He can't explain why that does things to him, but it does and Sherlock rolls his hips against John's with a quiet groan, feeling the air thickening around them with possibility again.
you were going to ask? No talk of
The warmth of the hand in his is suddenly gone and the noise of his surroundings comes rushing back into his ears on all sides and he's just about to furiously rip someone a new one for cutting off his moment with John when he realizes arms are around his waist and his feet are off the ground.
"You make me happy every day." John presses his lips to Sherlock's before tucking him back in against his side and settling in. Sherlock pulls the covers up over their sated bodies and burrows in for the night, vaguely wondering if the ice pack is still on John's shoulder and deciding he can't be arsed to care at the moment.
. Right down to the ruddy cheeks and fidgeting fingers and avoidance of eye contact. He
Thank you for reading!! Hope you enjoyed it! We're having a constant lovefest on my tumblr  page. Come visit and join in! I try to post updates there as well on all my stories! Thank you again for stopping by!
"Hi," he murmurs heatedly in Sherlock's ear.
"Would you relax," John replies flippantly. "She's perfectly alright. Just needed to have a rider that trusts her."
"Hmph," Sherlock shrugs this away, and John is entirely gratified to watch the genius boy practically squawk as John tosses a towel over his head and scrubs his damp hair. "John! Good god, I'm not a dog!"
John giggled and followed, stealing kisses as they made their way to the bed, belts unhooking, buttons popping open, zippers unzipping, until finally a very naked John was pushing an equally nude Sherlock onto his back, angling him so his head hit the pillows gently, and crawling over him, leaning down to find his lips again. Sherlock hummed underneath him, thumbing at John's nipples and sucking hard on his bottom lip.
Sherlock was staring wide-eyed at him. "John-"
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "Well we figured it out before you. It only seemed fair that we read the confession first. And it's signed. Why on earth would it need to be processed? It's clear who wrote it."
Sherlock smirked. "Ah. And I'm your secret weapon, I presume?"
"No," Sherlock replies flatly, ignoring both Greg and Molly giggling at his response with a sigh of annoyance.
Taking a gamble and showing up unannounced and unscheduled at the newsroom, John sauntered slowly toward his editor's office, already feeling his resolve waning. He had talked himself into this, pacing back and forth until finally deciding Sherlock probably wasn't even there and it wouldn't hurt to go check and who knows maybe even just have a quick conversation since they'd missed each other recently, and overthinking every step he took until he was in the room and in the doorway, staring down Sherlock Holmes who was in fact there.
Sherlock gaped for a full ten seconds before shaking his head. "No," he said, "no you weren't this proud when we were eighteen. I don't believe you."
John grinned.
"Stop it," Sherlock tries to gripe, although the words come out weak, meaning the exact opposite of their definitions. He glances up from under his lashes to find unfriendly faces shooting shocked gazes between he and John and back to their joined hands. "People are staring."
Sherlock bites his lip and nods.
Small mercies, he supposes.
Mentally slapping a hand to his forehead, Sherlock exhales sharply. Yeah, he's officially a nutter.
"Fuck - alright."
But they are dating.
John looked up in time to see Sherlock look over to someone John had never seen before.
Sherlock tugged on his arm and led him from the room.
Sherlock's mouth drops open. "John!" he cries indignantly as the captain laughs.
Ah. Well, hello. Myc says hi back.
Because torturing himself seems like a good plan.
All he bloody asked for was one day a week where he could go and spend some time with the boy he had it bad for, flirt with him and tell him he's brilliant just so he could see him blush. Was that so much to goddamn ask of this world?
Sherlock nods and rolls up to a sitting position, cheeks flaming as sticky white semen streaks down his belly.
Sherlock sighs heavily. "This. Us. It's been such a nice summer and I... well, we go home tomorrow."
Sherlock has never been happier.
"I want to take this nice and easy," John assures him, dropping soft kisses to the corners of Sherlock's mouth between his words and tracing the pad of his thumb along the genius boy's plump lower lip. "You're very important to me. This thing between us is important to me. I don't wanna go mucking it up by moving too fast, okay?"
He continues to watch this interaction silently, eyes tracking the conversation as the jokes continue to fly around the group, cheers and snorts and laughter all following shortly behind, the interaction flowing so effortlessly between these men. His blank mind finally seems to kick itself into gear and the deductions begin to flow easily as he takes in each boy and their history, finding nothing criminal about any of them really, all of them generally a bit boring if he's honest.
Slipping his hand inside and wrapping deft digits around Sherlock's aching cock, John whispers, "I want to taste this," against the curly-haired boy's lips, swallowing his responding gasp with a thorough kiss. Pulling long, languid strokes, John wraps his free hand around the back of Sherlock's neck, keeping him close as Sherlock moans softly against his lips. Fisting his hands in John's shirt, Sherlock bites down on his bottom lip, attempting to keep his desperate moans from escaping, the feel of John's warm hand against him so blissfully satisfying, he swears he could float away right now.
John smirks. "Don't worry. I'll let you finish me later."
The door he'd just exited from bangs open behind him, startling him slightly from his London fog reverie and he turns to shoot a glare at whoever is making all that racket, cutting remark poised on his tongue ready and waiting to strike.
He chases his lover onto the mattress, Sherlock scrambling on hands and knees across the blankets, following John's instructions perfectly and the rugby player can't help grabbing at pale skin, wrapping hands around hips as he climbs in behind Sherlock, legs folded beneath him. His touch seems to send a jolt through the genius boy and Sherlock moans outright, muscles falling slack as he leans back against John's chest, his back slick with sweat, his body trembling.
"Oh please, it wasn't that great," John only just hears Sherlock grumble over the cheer as Greg starts the game, sending the ball back to his midline.
Irene glares for a moment longer before smoothing her face into the fakest smile she can manage and Sherlock is just about to raise a condescending eyebrow and ask who she thinks she's fooling when-
"SHERLOCK! OI, SHERLOCK HOLMES!"
to teach you."
But tonight, John wanted to be alone with his thoughts. Tonight, for the last night before his long career as a doctor began, John wanted to sit in his room, indulge his pathetic feelings and sulk.
"A friend is in trouble," Sherlock muttered, doing up his buttons of his belstaff and wrapping his scarf snugly around his neck, pulling his gloves from his pocket, replacing the empty space with his phone. "A long standing connection has been hurt."
John grinned against Sherlock's chest, wrapping his arms around Sherlock's waist. "Good."
"Kitchen," Victoria mouthed, nodding her head back down the hallway. He followed behind her silently.
"He's not like… like pressuring you or anything, right?" Irene murmurs, voice suddenly soft and concerned. "Because you can… you know, talk to me. If you need."
He doesn't lose focus like this.
"Don't say it."
Sherlock's smile widened. "Come on. Up you go. We've got things to do!" Sherlock bounded off the bed, bouncing slightly as he landed on the balls his feet and took off.
Jesus, Sherlock has been a fucking idiot.
He should have seen.
In all his years on earth, Sherlock has never lived closer than ten meters from another person. He shares a home with an older brother, a housekeeper and an entire wait staff, but none of them
"Look at her waist," John murmurs as though in shock, pointing a finger at one of the women on the screen. "I've never seen this on this big of a screen before but… Jesus, her waist is so
Sherlock groaned and pressed him back to the door, sealing his body against John's and threading his fingers through the hair on the back of John's head holding him in place. Their tongues battled for dominance, pushing and pulling, gasping and kneading into each other's mouths. John trickled his fingers down Sherlock's tight stomach muscles.
"Of course," Sherlock agrees, bobbing his head in vigorous agreement, suddenly feeling guilty for keeping John enveloped in his story.
"Sherlock," John moans his name into the steam surrounding them, the sound wanton and breathless, like he just can't help it and it
This is Sherlock's favorite thing about sex with John. It's always different. Sometimes they laugh, sometimes they stay silent, sometimes one pounds into the other and they both come for England.
"Sometimes we say things we don't mean while inebriated," John tried to soothe.
"Sherlock," John seethes, quietly fierce. "I would
Sherlock is still grinning as he closes himself away in his room, already cradling his phone to his chest in anticipation for a message that may not come for another week.
Which was so unbelievably
Sweat trickles down Sherlock's chest, mingling in John's hand and slickening his grasp as he jerks his boyfriend off, and John is only just realizing they clearly will need lube if they continue to have the amount of sex they've been having when the soft supple curves of Sherlock's arse against his cock suddenly tighten and John's vision goes blurry. "Fuck!" he cries, pressing his forehead between Sherlock's shoulder blades, watching his erection slip in between the sweetest arse he's ever seen, cheeks tightening clearly on purpose and letting go just as quickly, hugging him in time with this rhythm of his fist. "Oh my good god."
"You really think I'm so pathetic that you-"
But god, did he love this man. Never did he believe he would ever feel like this about anyone. That anyone would feel like this about
Drooling before thinking.
Oh, John.
Greg snorted around his mouthful of freezing sugar. "Uh oh. What did our hot editor do today?"
That was true. The alley was technically still the club. He could go and snog this stranger in the dark for a little bit. That would be nice. That's obviously what this guy wanted and he'd been so nice to him all night. John should give him that right?
it when Sherlock blushes.
And John has the audacity to
"Excellent, so that's settled," Victoria grinned. "I have a case for you two."
help. I need your knowledge of the streets and your experiences living homeless. I need you to help me not go insane wondering if you're safe. I'm hardly asking for anything of you in return."
Sherlock visibly trembles. "Umm... the uh...where you..."
stupid.
"Sherlock," a soft voice and a sharp tug of his hoodie finally brings Sherlock to blink. He shakes his head slightly, stumbling just a bit backward and Irene catches him with her palm to his lower back. "Sherlock, you're gaping like an idiot and the rest of the crowd is already seated. Why don't we do the same so no one asks questions about why you're staring like that at one of the players, yeah?"
As wonderful as John Watson's tight arse is, Sherlock must admit the tension rising between the teams is rather fascinating to watch, the fury on either side evident with sharp elbows and meticulously placed cleats and rougher than necessary tackles. It's almost impossible to find the ball from where he sits in the stands so Sherlock instead tracks the movements of the players he knows, watching Mike take a tumble into the mud and Paul offer a hand to help him up only to be shoved down with him by an opposing player. The bloke jogs past them sprawled on the ground and smirks, opening his mouth say something Sherlock can't hear although it clearly wasn't something good considering Mike is attempting to scramble to his feet, face tomato-red and furious, shouting something unintelligible as he goes. Greg only just steps in before Mike gains his footing, pressing a hand to his chest and shaking his head just as the boy on the other team gives an ugly bark of a laugh. Even from here it looks unpleasant and malicious, baring his teeth like a rabid dog and Sherlock's stomach turns to ice at the sight of his Pong partner – his
," Sherlock corrects, no longer able to suppress a soft moan as John giggles, forcing the six-pack under Sherlock's thumbs to shift and harden again, making the tips his fingers tingle and burn and threaten to tighten on this fit body and never ever let go. "It's unfair you know, you looking like this."
"What things?" John asks, but his feet are already carrying him to the door, Greg's words still rattling around in his head, Sherlock with a bloody nose, Sherlock in the Headmaster's office, Sherlock suspended-
Sherlock rolls his eyes. "Shut up."
His husband.
John frowned. "What are we talking about exactly?"
John's eyes widened impossibly larger, before another loud moan filled the flat.
He sees every other camper on the grounds except for one Sherlock Holmes.
"There's no reason to be humiliated, John. We're friends now. Don't friends talk about things like this?"
It doesn't take long.
was the name blazing in his mind tonight.
"About Sherlock Holmes," Mycroft replies, eyes narrowing slightly. When John doesn't move, he sighs and pulls open the car door. "Please," he says politely. "There are… things that need to be discussed."
A subtle nod of John's head gives Sherlock the answer.
And for some horrifyingly unknown reason, that's what does it.
"Oi, watch it-…. Sherlock?"
And it doesn't sound cross. It doesn't sound irritated or disgusted or pissed off.
"Wow," John breathed.
In fact, the rain has become much
"Yes, I really believe you are a Major, I was simply surprised due to your looks. You look much younger than most Majors."
He lies silently, listening to John creep along the floorboards of his bedroom, the presence of him already filling the room. This room needs a John Watson in it at all times. Even when Sherlock is furious with that blond boy, it feels empty without him.
"What're you doing out here?"
"You think this is all I want from you?" John demands.
Sherlock pulls back and fixes John with a hard stare. "John," he says incredulously. "I may be a virgin but do I seem the type to not tell you if I don't like something?"
"All I'm saying," John continues casually as he stalks toward the genius with purpose, "is no would know the difference if you and I both walked into a restaurant with dirt and muck everywhere. You would be no posher than I."
He grins to himself at his own cleverness and throws open the doors of the library, stepping out under the overhang of the building into what has turned into a rather dark and dreary day, rain sprinkling lightly along the concrete, though from the dampness of the ground Sherlock would surmise it had been raining heavily earlier. He takes a deep breath, always appreciating the smell of rain on a gloomy London day, assessing the heaviness of the droplets and deciding an umbrella isn't necessary at all.
"Next time, you'll know better," John raises a teasing eyebrow and relents into a deep, healthy snog, snuggling his hips down between Sherlock's thighs and settling in. Knees pull up and bracket his waist and John reaches down to wrap his arms around the boy beneath him going a bit rough around the words as he tugs Sherlock's bottom lip between his teeth.
"Over here," the man hissed, yanking Sherlock by the arm around the side of the building they'd pulled up in front of.
Sherlock nodded his thanks, never feeling more grateful for his mother then right at this moment. "I should go sit with John. So he doesn't wake up alone in a strange house."
"Come on," John wined. "I'm a fantastic shag and I can't stop thinking about you n-naked." He hiccupped on the last word and giggled. The word naked was silly. He liked it. "Naked," he said again and laughed, tossing his head back.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and grabbed John's hand. "Let's go."
Sherlock.
Better then John.
He may be a little giddy.
John huffs out a surprised laugh before poking Sherlock in the side. "Does kissing me just bring out the snark in you?"
"You know what this is about," Mycroft said after a long moment.
"Fuck! M-Myc...Mycroft, y-yes-" Greg continued to moan.
"No."
He'd done his due diligence.
The emotional turmoil John was experiencing was almost unbearable as every thought he'd had in the last five days collided with this new worry and he prayed to God it wasn't written all over his face.
His heart dropped into his stomach as a large Styrofoam cup was pushed across his desk into his view. Sherlock glanced up.
Besides, Sherlock isn't alone at the moment so how could John even-
John nodded, ignoring the thrill running up his spine. His absurd reactions to just being acknowledged by his editor was truly pathetic, but he hadn't directly spoken to Sherlock in days, missing his individual weekly meeting on a fluke, instead ending up sparring with Victor and feeling utterly miserable. He'd finished off that carton of ice cream Greg kept stashed at their flat, feeling pathetic and unworthy and rather sorry for himself.
Although…
"Christ almighty, have mercy," Irene murmurs beside him. "He is quite dishy, isn't he?"
There is movement in front of him, lots of movement, certainly accompanied by loud whoops and cheers but Sherlock hears none of it, not a single bit, his eyes still locked on the smaller hand wrapped around his, holding onto him, holding him together as far as the genius is concerned and it's everything.
"I haven't actually," John replies with a small lift and fall of his shoulder in an innocent shrug. "I'm, uh… I'm still a, um, virgin."
"Oh, don't worry," John says at the doorway. "This isn't over."
Only after he tucked a still quietly weeping John into his bed did Sherlock pull out his phone. Seven text messages and four missed calls from Mike. He felt a pang of guilt at not thinking sooner to let Mike know John was safe, but nothing could be done now. He sent back a brief message.
things and now maybe bad things again and John isn't even sure if these good and amazing things count since they may be over as quickly as they started. And now here his wonderful teammates and friends stand, worrying over his roommate for godsake and John can't even muster up a proper response because he doesn't have one. He doesn't even know what's going on.
A little beater pulls around the corner and Sherlock can't help grinning like a lunatic.
John, as it turns out, likes Sherlock's eccentricities. He laughs and compliments and cheers when Sherlock rattles of a deduction or thought process he'd had about something in particular.
John's mouth was hanging open for a good four seconds before he snapped it closed, shaking his head. "Sorry," he mumbled. "I, uh, forgot you do that."
"That's the plan," John grins down into his rugby bag as he fishes out his own coat. "If he'll agree to go, that is."
"Well," Sherlock began, trying to decide where to start with that one. He'd never actually sat down and thought about it. He just knew it was what he did. "I was a very curious child, I suppose. Always wanting... well
"So," she asks casually. "How are things?"
"He left when he woke. Snuck out the back. Right under your nose."
John doesn't move.
"I've seen you in the halls."
John's lips are against his ear and he's whispering as he dips a finger into Sherlock, nipping his earlobe and murmuring huskily. "Oh, love, you're so warm. I want to make you feel so good, Sherlock. I want to make you feel amazing. Do you like that?"
He has no idea how he made it to first period. It's a miracle, honestly. He's in a daze, really. A fog. Nothing seems real. He wishes none of this
think we should go."
, the intelligent, logical side of his brain never had a fighting chance. The minute John Watson entered 221B, it was game over.
"Right," John said awkwardly. "Um... have a good weekend."
Sherlock hasn't been walking on eggshells.
"Only for you, John Watson," Sherlock whispers back, clutching at John's shoulders. "Only for you."
There is a beat of silence long enough to make Sherlock's chest clench harshly with panic before-
When John had finally called it a night, Sherlock had crawled over to John's bed, laid his head in John's lap and hummed contentedly.
Coughing uncomfortably and trying not to squirm, John attempts a shrug of nonchalance. "Nothing guys, really, sorry, I -… just ah, bit distracted is all."
Sherlock has noticed the odd looks here and there more than usual but he never thinks much of it.
"No, no, it's not that," the blond boy giggles. "I just think it's too much, every inch of the halls littered in scrap pieces of paper and
, staring reverently up at the rugby player. "John."
Greg laughed, tipping the drink clutched in his hand in acknowledgement. "Yeah, alright," he conceded. "So what's your plan?"
"It's new for me too," Sherlock said quietly. "Someone caring for me like that. Someone wanting to care for me like that. It's an odd but not altogether unpleasant feeling."
John looked up and caught the amusement in Sherlock's words, pursing his lips in an attempt to hide his grin.
Mike was clutching his stomach in laughter, watching his two intoxicated friends attempt to dance.
"You?" was all John could manage and Link shrugged good-naturedly.
It isn't subtle. It can't be mistaken.
Now he knows. Now he knows all too clearly. Now he knows that vicious animal lives inside him, growling and clawing a sharp-nailed paw against dirt, ready and waiting to pounce on anything that threatens its territory. Because that beast believes that Sherlock Holmes is its territory. And seeing someone threaten his territory, seeing Victor's sharp eyes trained on Sherlock like he was a piece of meat brought the beast within out of dormancy and into protection mode, having absolutely none of Victor's posturing and side-eyeing and snarky little smirks in John's direction as if to say:
Not in the least.
"Sherlock-"
John shifted on his feet. "Sherlock, I-"
Here's the other issue with being friends with John Watson.
"Look, I… I'll tell you later, okay?" John says firmly, bordering on a hysterical plea as his separate emotions toward all the different people in his life begin to collide. "Sherlock is fine and safe, I promise you he is, there is just some, er-, things we need to work out and-"
"Hm." John makes a soft inquisitive, though pleased sounds.
"She brought Harry out with her tonight," John murmurs, breaking the silence.
John had never imagined in a million years that his first time with Sherlock would be this gentle. Every touch was so loving. Not that the other things they'd done hadn't been, but John was only just finding out that getting off with your boyfriend and making love to him were two very different things.
?!" John gasps in horror. "You bastard! I trusted you with him!"
And something heavy plummets into the pit of Sherlock's stomach.
"And was last night an example of how you make friends?"
"What's the matter?" Sherlock is peering down at him in concern, batting those ridiculously long lashes and stepping closer. "John, what is it?"
"And why would you care about that, John?" Sherlock railed right back, pushing, shoving John to the inevitable conclusion because they weren't flatmates, they weren't friends, they weren't bloody co-workers. They were John and Sherlock. They
That doesn't add up
What he does know is that when they get back to school, none of this will go public. They won't speak of it to each other or anyone else.
are you
His heart is pounding.
"So this is the Holmes' Christmas Cottage, then?"
"Who was it?" John suddenly said. "Who was attacked?"
Balthazar pulls back at the last second and kicks out, knocking the wood to the ground. Then hops over it.
"I believe you," John whispers, gentling his lips against Sherlock's tenderly. "God, Sherlock I was so scared this morning. I thought maybe during last night that we could… but then I wasn't sure how you felt and I left and…" He takes a deep breath, gathering himself before peering up at Sherlock from beneath his blond lashes. "You sent me a heart," he murmurs, looking still a bit shocked. "You sent me a heart on Valentine's Day."
"Hey you," John calls. "Tie him up and come on over. We're trying something a little different today."
Sherlock shrugged. "Not my decision. Lestrade makes the rules."
Sherlock raised his gloved hands to the door handle and John caught a glimpse of two silver objects sliding into the lock. Sherlock's hands worked delicately, twisting and turning quickly and efficiently and John narrowed his eyes. What was he…
"Do you think he knows?" Sherlock asks him with a smirk.
team of all bloody places. On no less than three occasions in the span of a single week John has invited Sherlock to a team event. A meal, a hangout, a party for christssake, and Sherlock has just barely dodged the invitations. He's claimed homework or experiments, forcing an indifferent mask over his features to hide the teenage squirming of his belly at the fact that
. Which would make him seem cooler?
Mycroft studied him for a moment longer before dropping his hand. "Fine," he murmured. John didn't need telling twice.
"I'm touched, brother mine," Sherlock replied flippantly.
John swipes away a tear on Sherlock's face with his thumb, and leans down to kiss Sherlock with trembling lips. "Are you sure?" he murmurs over his mouth, blinking away his own tears.
"Really, John, if you're going to… uh- oh -
John smirks. "Sure I can," he says, giving the reigns a tug, turning Dolly back around, kicking a heel against her side and she begins to trot away.
Sherlock rolled his eyes but John didn't miss the amusement in his eyes as they continued walking.
Link dropped down in his chair next to John, setting his bag slowly on the ground. John glanced over at him to find his friend staring gravely at him, looking a bit pale. "You all right?" he asked, raising an eyebrow in amusement.
John blinks at him for a moment, uncertainty and curiosity fighting for dominance on his face.
John resisted the urge to laugh. "No good? How about partner?"
"He likes you," John says reassuringly. "I'm certain of it."
He could be currently naked, putting that tongue ring to good use on some lucky man's bod-
John doesn't miss the other campers eyeing them both, waving shyly or whispering timid hellos. It doesn't hurt that John is rather… popular here, for lack of a better term. It's a silly thing to be proud of, he knows. He has similar recognition back home, being the rugby captain and all, but somehow it feels different here.
He opens one eye to see the boy has moved just to the side, away from the door, opening a path. Sherlock looks from the door to the boy, who nods his head toward it. "I'd hurry," he says.
The grin is back in full force, cheeks burning and face beaming down at the phone in his hand.
Sparks dance along the insides of Sherlock's eyelids as they fall closed, mouth dropping open simultaneously in a gasp, letting himself be rocked by his lover into the sheets, one calf still perched on John's shoulder, the other wrapped around John's waist, drawing Sherlock's body open for further exploration. He knows how much John enjoys his flexibility, something he's been told over and over in moments of heat, John bending him this way and that, eyes widening every time Sherlock's long limbs accommodated new positions.
This boy needs more than just a quick wank before school.
"Hello," he says quietly to John's feet, unable to look at the obvious smirk John is sporting.
That wasn't the whole truth.
"I was thinking we should try to get through some more Bond movies," Sherlock says as they clean up their dishes.
"Yeah, lucky me," John rolls his eyes fondly, the grin on his face telling all on its own.
this to happen?
Sherlock worries at his bottom lip and glances down. "Right," he mumbles to John's shoes.
"You gotta be prepared for anything, really," John laughs.
The knowledge does nothing to soothe his scattered mind, still unable to catch his breath.
"Please don't make me repeat it," John grumbled.
And then John finds himself helpless against an adoring grin threatening to split his face in two.
you, do I?"
He turns to find John eyeing him curiously. "And why does Sherlock Holmes have a giant box of condoms in his room?"
The man Greg had been ogling only minutes ago stood before him, hands dug into his pockets, sly smile on his face. "And so early in the night," the man continued. "I thought a man of your status wouldn't cower to someone as pathetic as Victor Trevor."
Sherlock is panting heavily against the tree, eyes still closed, face flushed all the way down his neck and disappearing into his sweatshirt, hands still on John's hips, body tilting forward, reaching for John again.
A bold confidence he has no business having settles his mind and without preamble he climbs onto the bed and swings a leg over John's hips straddling him, careful not to jostle his shoulder, watching in pure delight as John's blue eyes dilate, pink lips dropping open as he takes in the sight before him. "Jesus," he breathes, drinking Sherlock in on his lap like he can't quite believe his luck, running his palms up and down Sherlock's thighs in soothing lines.
Link's eyes were wide but he nodded, obviously impressed. "Jesus, Holmes. And here I thought you were just a prick of a Chem TA, trying to get all the underclassmen to fail out! Turns out you're an interesting guy. Who knew?"
"I'm good," Sherlock says a bit firmer than he'd meant, shifting away a bit on the couch until he bumps the armrest and glances up to meet his Chemistry partner's features with a solid refusing glare, expecting a bit of deflation or at least another half-hearted attempt to force him to take the beverage.
"Yes, you are," Greg agrees, slumping down in the seat beside John's, "a completely besotted crazy person."
He forgot to lock it.
John stared up at him for a long moment, and then the night before was flashing through his mind again. He remembered the club. He remembered yelling at Sherlock. He remembered a nice looking boy smiling at him… he remembered dancing…he remembered the cold brick pressed to his back in the dark alley…
He flounders for an excuse without explaining, a reason without diving into everything he did, everything he
Maybe that's a good sign.
John narrowed his fuzzy gaze at his friend. "I didn't mope. I would never mope about Sherlock Fucking Holmes."
John more and more every single day.
"So," John says as he glances around his surroundings, hands settling on his knees. "What's all this about then?"
John had nodded. "No, yeah, I mean I know all that. It's just…"
They hold each other's gaze for a long moment.
Sherlock doesn't respond, absently petting Dolly's nose. He's definitely not going to reveal to this boy that he didn't choose Dolly's name because of her beauty, but because Dolly Parton's 'Hard Candy Christmas' was playing on the radio when his father had brought her home.
"I better see you back in my bed this evening, Mister Holmes," John teases with only a hint of an edge, pressing his palms flat against the door on either side of Sherlock's head and ghosting his lips along Sherlock's as he speaks. "Don't be getting any ideas about going back to that mattress of yours."
"We are!" Sherlock all but yells, gaining a couple disparaging glances from nearby. "We are," he repeats again, a bit softer. No reason to draw more attention to this delicate situation.
He'd thought he'd been captured.
"Any news you'd like to share with the class?"
There was still no sign of Mike as John snuck out of their flat and made his way to campus.
John sighed. "Nothing. He did nothing."
"Shot," John nodded. "In the leg. Required surgery. Had a nasty limp for a long while."
"It will be soon," his brother replies smoothly.
Sherlock's cold stare turned on John and he froze. "I-"
Molly rolls her eyes. "Come on, Watson," she demands. "I know you're fucking Sherlock."
"Things will be awkward," Greg finished for him, nodding in understanding. They'd had this discussion several times. "Yeah, alright. And you really want to date this guy?
"One more!" Victor's voice booms in his ear, another shot is pressed into his hand and Sherlock downs that, too.
There is a long beat of quiet at the other end before Irene breathes out. "You should go home."
A soft, "Oh," emits itself from John's mouth and his fingers slide slowly free from Sherlock and the loss is almost unbearable before the blunt head of John's cock presses against his loosened entrance, John lining himself up before glancing up to Sherlock for confirmation.
? Let me know you were
Oh for the love of all that is holy, Sherlock is
Sherlock supposes it doesn't matter when it started. What matters is that it
This was an entirely different situation.
"Forget the girlfriends," John steps closer, cutting him off. "They aren't anything compared to you. I couldn't… I couldn't
Christ, this is scary, every emotion John experienced this evening is scary, and John has not been prepared for it to hit him quite like this, right after an adrenaline-fueled, hormone-driven evening, the last thing John Watson had been prepared for was a goddamn breakdown while knelt before his lover's naked body, but those seem to be the cards he's been dealt this evening and the only other thing he can manage to do is inhale and exhale, heaving against Sherlock's neck like he's been underwater too long, the hands sliding along his skin the only things grounding him back to this moment, the knowledge that Sherlock is here, Sherlock is his is enough to keep him from tipping right over the edge into sheer panic because this feeling in his throat right now feels bigger than his entire body and he's not sure how to process it properly. So he clings and lets himself be held and soothed and cared for, the war raging on in his emotions.
"John-"
The touch of Sherlock's mouth to his seemed to kick John's brain back into action and he pulled away, eyes wide, shaking his head. "N-no," he muttered. "No, we… we can't."
He hears hooves in the distance and he turns, blood immediately draining from his face.
It's hard to smirk with a cock in his mouth but Sherlock makes a valiant effort as he sucks all the way up John's erection until he can let go with a wet pop. "The internet," he replies cheekily before going right back to work, sucking and licking steadily, ignoring the slight ache in his jaw and focusing on the way his nerves light up like a Christmas tree every time John gasps or groans or swears.
But John hadn't been about to let that go. He'd all but forced Sherlock to admit it because it was everything John had wanted for so long and to be this close to it... John wasn't about to pass that up.
, the rumor mill has been buzzing about it for
John cocks his head to the side in confusion. "So? They know you live here."
"The man," John snarls, curling arms around Sherlock's waist protectively. "He put his hand on you, I saw it."
"It was Jenny Lawrence," Sherlock replied conversationally. "She was the one attacked down by the docks. You know her?"
Even if it kept him from finally getting to the resolution he'd been dreading.
. Actually, I'm
"I know you've been keeping out of your room at all costs but you haven't... I mean that's all you've done, right? Just the library and the labs?"
The latex tastes horrible but John groans and Sherlock's insides light up so he continues.
The way he said that made something tug on John's heartstrings. Something that connected to his brain and flipped a switch, snapping its fingers to gain John's attention, to listen, really
Sherlock hums and snuggles against him.
," is Sherlock's pathetic follow-up to his original counterpoint, thoughts beginning to spinning together tightly and confuse one another as the broad chest current pressed to his own rises and falls at the pace of a gentle panting and Sherlock finds his own breaths following at a similar tempo.
Sherlock is breathing a string of
"Yes," Sherlock moans, tucking his face into John's neck and hanging on as John rocks them.
"Myc says for as intelligent as Sherlock is, sometimes he misses the bloody obvious." Greg shifts his bag on his shoulder and shrugs slightly as though in understanding. "I mean, it can't be easy for him, you know? He's hardly had any friends before. It's probably hard for him to see past the façade of a friendly face to what's really behind the mask."
John is embarrassed but not about kissing Sherlock, no. About
he can be goddamn
a big deal, Sherlock," John murmurs. "It's a big deal to me at least. I don't want to just… just jump into that until you're comfortable. Until you're ready."
Boys that will know exactly what Sherlock is the minute they meet him.
John was staring at him in a mix of complete shock and bubbling furry, small fists clenched at his sides, body looking so frail and broken and yet so fiercely stubborn and defiant, drawing himself up to his full height and glaring hard. Sherlock squeezed his own hands into fists within his pockets, the only outward reaction to John's appearance he would allow, and fixed John was with a skeptical eyebrow.
John laughed. "Come on, you," he said, nudging him with his shoulder as they turned toward the street. Link and Mike had long since taken off, saying they wanted to give John 'alone time' with Sherlock. Tossers.
"You don't think... less of me after last night?"
Sherlock sounds a bit nervous, like John is planning to run out and leave him here on his own.
The corners of John's mouth quirk. "Are you sure?" he says smoothly with a wink.
Victoria snorted.
to know what you feel like without any barriers between us."
Sherlock wants to scream. He wants to yell and cry and shake John senseless until he remembers their life together and stops talking to Sherlock like they've just fucking met.
The confusion in flirting.
"Yes!" Sherlock all but shouts back.
"Just wait," Sherlock whispered, then stripped John's boxers down, wrapping them around his thighs.
That bloody tongue ring was tracing the shell of his ear. "What did you like about it?" Sherlock murmured, running the silver ball over the arched cartilage, before pressing it against John's earlobe.
"Done what?" He just can't help himself.
John raised a challenging eyebrow, not entirely sure if he should trust this stranger or not.
Mrs. Hudson clears her throat pointedly and Sherlock's forehead breaks out in an embarrassed sweat.
"Doubles huh?" John smirks and raises an eyebrow. "Now
"You didn't know?" Greg turns slightly to raise an eyebrow for a moment before shaking his head. "Ah, actually makes sense. Sherlock wouldn't have told you I guess. But you met Mrs. Hudson, didn't you?"
He shouldn't have said
It fueled the fire in John's belly, hot rage bubbling inside of him hardening his resolve all the more.
Ignoring the question entirely, Sherlock moved on to questions of his own. "Why didn't you tell me? About John? You knew, didn't you?"
Deducing.
Momentarily startled by the admission, all three members of his group stare blankly for a long, unbearably silent second.
Sherlock lets out a whoosh of relieved breath, slapping his hand to his chest. "Oh," he murmurs, trying to calm his own rapidly beating heart. "What happened then?"
"That didn't bother you much this morning," Sherlock crooned.
It was the morning hours that Sherlock allowed himself to process these things.
And if Sherlock had eaten today, he would have vomited.
All wasn't right when John made his way to the dining hall for breakfast alone, no mad genius babbling away in his ear about god knows what.
"Wh-what are- y-you
Sherlock whirls around too quickly at the sound of a voice, falling back against the lockers with a loud clatter.
Sherlock has been researching.
They walk through the house, Sherlock doing his best to remain interesting. He needs to impress John. He needs to show him he's got things to offer. He needs to prove himself.
They stand in silence, John's thumb rubbing the base of his skull back and forth, tracing the curl at the nape of his neck, squeezing gently to calm him, the warmth of his forehead against Sherlock's grounding him.
And considering it's Friday, that gives him plenty of time to have a colossal fucking meltdown.
The lake glimmers in the moonlight as they approach.
Link nodded in agreement, eyelids hanging low. "I'm in."
And John is more than ready for a little post-game flirting to get the ball rolling with his favorite curly-haired friend.
John grins. "Don't you forget it either."
"Yes you were. I don't know what you're so worried about. He might be cute, you know."
-have sex yet," he finally managed.
John gulped. "Sir?"
He couldn't seem to open his eyes as he slowly came back into the conscious world. He physically peeled each eyelid open and rubbed vigorously, trying to wipe away the swollen, leaky feeling and clear his vision. Before he could accomplish that, a burst of pain erupted just below his right eye and he yelped loudly. Touching his fingers to his cheekbone gently, he felt a sickly soft bump and grimaced, vaguely wondering how he received a black eye, but his head pounded too hard to allow him to care yet. He rolled over in silk sheets that felt like warm water against his skin and groaned.
to find his partner hasn't skipped out on him.
And yet now here he is marching through campus, steam practically coming out of his ears as fury storms within him, thunderous steps forcing anyone in his way to step aside, raging anger rolling off his slender frame in waves as he silently berates himself for his stupidity, the choice to trust John Watson having been one of the worst of his life because he was fucking
His name is John.
"And if I don't go?" John raises a challenging brow.
"As I was saying?" The man raised an irritated eyebrow and Sherlock sighed dramatically.
Then he rips Sherlock's towel from his waist and picks the boy up by his hips and, quite literally, throws him onto the bed.
curse, because Sherlock is in this now, he wants this, he wants to continue and never ever stop because this is goddamn incredible.
Sherlock's eyes fly open, so close to John's own blues, blinking hard. "I... the bees won't come for a while."
"Yeah, you're right, the drama was always your forte," John growled.
It wasn't a sharp or searing pain, but a hollowing, aching feeling. Like someone had gone into his chest without permission and removed a rather large chunk of his heart, leaving behind a gaping hole and an emptying feeling in his gut.
"So, how're things?" Molly's sharp voice comes from the left of John as he settles into his usual seat for lunch a few short weeks later. He's been teaching Sherlock so many
"Oh-Sherlock!" John's hips stuttered and stalled and the moan that came from his lips was absolutely perfect. He cried out, tossing his head back and rolling his hips again and again, panting and groaning like he was dying, and holding so tightly to Sherlock it was painful. Sherlock held his hand firmly in place, letting John ride against him through his orgasm.
"Let's do this, Johnny!" Mike cheers in agreement, and the team lines up eight versus eight, the atmosphere casual and fun, half the boys hardly in the correct positions, laughing and chatting as they line up, even as the clouds darken overhead.
Sherlock grins and folds his arms around John's back. "Good?"
Sherlock quickly scrolls through the backlog of his classmates in his Mind Palace, searching names and faces and initials.
Paul pauses again and John laces his fingers behind his back to physically restrain himself from reaching out and throttling his friend to spit out the rest of the information quicker.
And before Sherlock realizes it, his back is hitting the comforter and John is following him down, laying his strong, fit frame across Sherlock's, effectively sealing their bodies together, and Sherlock moans, scrabbling at John's back to pull him closer.
Irene gapes at him. "You can't really be that oblivious can you?"
Sherlock can't really help but chuckle quietly down at his menu.
Or, more accurately, it gave John hours upon hours to spin uselessly around his head in circles, questioning and wondering and panicking, and even after all that he still had no conclusion. He still had no plan.
John nodded. "Alright," he said softly. "Sleep and then maybe we can talk later after my-"
He doesn't know.
"Oh yeah?" John whispers, parting his lips just millimeters from the head of Sherlock's cock. "Lick where?"
Sherlock throws his head back, eyes slammed shut, mouth spitting water as it rains down on his face, canting his hips into John's grasp, then pushing back into his touch on his arse. "John-" he gasps, "Yes, god, do it,
His legs shake as he tries to control his panting breaths.
John hangs his head in shame, shaking it back and forth. "No, it's not, I should have asked. I should have made sure everything was fine. I should have..."
Hands fall to either of his knees and press encouragingly, and Sherlock obediently spreads his legs, biting down on his lip at how exposed he is, but John doesn't laugh or tease, he simple runs a palm down Sherlock's stomach and lightly over his cock, whispering, "So gorgeous. Absolutely gorgeous, Sherlock."
unpredictable.
being Sherlock's roommate and the blond boy feels the need to remind whoever is making this accusation that that is in fact
John and Link disentangled and both pouted. "What about finding me someone new? I'm looking real good tonight and I'm a damn catch. Someone's bound to pick me up," John tried to reason, nodding as though his argument should be convincing.
Shoving his hands in his pockets, he swiveled his head from side to side, trying to find the best way through the sea of people to get to the drinks on the other side of the room. He batted down the bubble of unreasonable annoyance at the situation. It wasn't like these people purposefully joined together to keep him from the bar but for some reason, that's exactly the way it felt. He glared at the room as a whole.
Sherlock immediately pulls back, unhooking his legs. "Reciprocation," he mumbles. "Of course. I'm sorry John, I don't-"
"Yeah, on second thought I think I'd rather you go make gooey eyes at each other somewhere we don't have to witness it," John laughs, glancing at Sherlock as though they're both in on the joke. The grin can't be fought this time and the genius gives in.
He nods to the current question, offering a pained smile.
Not a mistake Sherlock would ever make if he were dropping a note such as this in a locker, but if an idiot was in charge of it then yes, it was entirely possible.
So he nods. A simple movement of his head, the admission somehow so much more monumental than a card written on a box containing a chocolate heart, clocking John's reaction that is far less careful than anything they did the night before, face lifting slowly seemingly at its own accord and beaming brighter than the sun.
," he growls. "Fuck, Sherlock."
"God," John moans softly, thankful for the music pounding loudly, drowning out his inappropriate noises, cursing to the high heavens for bringing Sherlock out at all tonight considering he now desperately
All the compliments.
going to kill him seeing John Watson completely naked and completely gorgeous and he can't properly function with the knowledge of it, he won't survive it, he
John moves slightly, grabbing Sherlock's hip as he laves over Sherlock's nipple with his mouth and pinches the other gently between his thumb and forefinger and the genius boy
Jesus Christ, no thank you.
Sherlock pushes his tongue into John's mouth, deciding he needs to show John just how much he enjoyed that.
In any other setting, the noises Sherlock can actively hear himself making are completely abhorrent. They're embarrassingly loud and incoherent and normally aborted halfway through because John inevitably finds a new spot to touch and tease and lick and rub and sends Sherlock spiraling into euphoric bliss all over again.
"Please," Sherlock begs, blinking hazily down, hips twitching with the effort not to thrust. "Suck me off."
Sherlock grins at his stable caretaker. He loves the team that makes up his family. With his mother dying when he was small and his brother moving to London after completing university, it's really been just Sherlock and his father, Mrs. Hudson and Lestrade, along with a plethora of ranch hands and the unfortunate occasional appearance of Anderson whom they pay handsomely to keep off other rider's payrolls.
It's his note, it's most
"Good evening everybody!" John says into the microphone.
Whooshing out a breath he didn't know he was holding and letting a bit of weight drop off of his shoulders, unnecessarily pleased that Sherlock didn't have to go anywhere near Victor today even if it would have been in a room full of people, John offers a small smile down at the device in his hand, fully aware Sherlock can't see him but still hoping he's radiating some sort of warmth through the phone lines. That bastard shouldn't get to even lay eyes on Sherlock Holmes. He doesn't deserve to even breathe the same air as that perfect genius boy.
The House was a not-so-secret name for the crack den Bill Wiggins frequented more often the Sherlock would care to recognize. Rotting around the edges, paint peeling off in strips, it looked as though surely termites would be descending upon it at any moment and finish it off. The ugliness of the outside was nothing compared to scattered, strung out bodies that littered the floor on the inside. Two floors worth of dirty mattresses and used needles and junkies sleeping it off or shooting up, The House was one of horrors in Sherlock's book.
He's standing here.
Sherlock crossed his arms defiantly. He couldn't allow this to go on any longer. He didn't need to be babied like some ingrate. Yesterday was bad enough. He wouldn't allow it to happen again.
It was like a panicked prayer being whispered in his ear and John's heart lurched to one side as Sherlock continued his slow rhythm, tightening his grip in John's fringe. John's arms wound around up to lay his hands on Sherlock's shoulder blades, holding him as close as possible without hindering his thrusts. "Please," John clutched at Sherlock's back. "Please come, Sherlock. I want you to. Please."
By the time he stops, he has no idea how long it's been.
It's the only thing he can say. He can't say the other things. He needs John to just know. To read his body like he used to. He kisses John deeper, crushing his body to his, hoping John can understand what he's asking.
John had been just drunk enough to not be terribly alarmed and took the opportunity to do something he'd been dying to do since he laid eyes on the mad genius: he threaded his fingers in Sherlock's curls.
Together.
"Victor Trevor is a predator, John," Irene barks, snapping his attention back to her. "It doesn't matter if Sherlock is interested or not. Victor is dangerous. Not in the sense of cutting Sherlock up into pieces and tossing him in the back bay, but in the sense of using, abusing and losing. He fancies himself quite a man's man, playing games, spinning wheels and keeping himself entertained. Once he's got them right where he wants them, and he's not above using other, ahem,
But the way Sherlock had reacted about his clothes made John hesitate. He hadn't even wanted to take off his coat in front of him. John was sure he wouldn't want him barging into his room.
He's trusting
But he's not helping.
Dolly must have thrown him.
"Would you join me for a quick ride?" Mycroft states more than asks with a tilt of his head toward the vehicle behind him, looking down his nose at the short blond. "I thought we could have a brief chat."
"No!" John cried, holding him tighter to him. "No I just... God, I missed you," he breathed, reaching for a kiss, blinking finally and letting the tears fall down over his temples. "I missed you so much."
"Like that, did you?" John says huskily and Sherlock nods dazedly. John laughs and kisses him. "You've been playing hard to get."
, suck me off."
And John hadn't even done any of those things. Besides the looking. He'd absolutely done his fair share of looking.
Watching John Watson kissing somebody else was positively unbearable.
"I have nothing planned for practice," Greg sighs in annoyance. "What exactly did you have in mind?" He smirks teasingly. "Trying to overthrow me as Captain, Mike?"
He doesn't know who initiates, all he knows is John's lips are so soft and not as rough and urgent as normal and Sherlock is melting into him.
Running a quick drag of fingers through John's blond fringe and down his back lovingly, Sherlock circles around, hand trailing along John's flank to his stomach, counting each abdominal muscle as his fingers crawl along the boy's skin, biting his lip to keep from moaning as he follows the trail of fine hairs leading down that fit stomach to the blond curls that sit at John's groin. The tips of his fingers find hard skin and without preamble, Sherlock fits one hand around the base of John's cock, giving it a firm stroke.
Sherlock watches as John dives under and comes back up, hair dripping, wet mouth grinning.
They are sorting this out tonight.
He's not sure when he's become so sappy but this boy whom he currently has bundled up in his bed, tucked cozily beneath the covers is staring up at him with a wide, trusting, beautiful gaze and John just wants to shower him in affection and tenderness, keep him warm and doe-eyed and happy as ever.
He doesn't want to see Mary in her new position permanently attached to John's hip like she's been.
Greg's smile cleared immediately as he took a small step back, shaking his head. "No…no not yet. I…I need a drink."
"What's her name?" The boy takes a step closer, setting down the bail of hay he has in his hands, revealing a white t-shirt and washed out jeans.
"Just give me one moment to undress and then you can ravage me like you promised," Sherlock's slurred words came from behind him.
"It's everything," John murmured. "It is Sherlock. Your family is absolutely wonderful and being a part of it is-" He broke off abruptly as a small sob left his lips. He shook himself and fixed his eyes on Sherlock. "So you can't... nothing can happen to you," he said fiercely. "You can't be reckless anymore, okay? You can't just-"
John revels in the shiver that runs all over Sherlock's body. He strips Sherlock's cock faster, listening intently to the hot, panting breaths Sherlock can't control against his ear, the young boy grabbing at John's naked shoulders.
It's not safe, saying things like this to Sebastian Wilkes. Sherlock knows better than to provoke the angry beast that lies inside his classmate. He usually sits silently and allows the torment to wash right over him, ignoring the sick laughter of the group of boys that follow Seb around like lost puppies as he debases Sherlock's relationship to make-believe and Sherlock himself to some pathetic sod, making some feeble attempt at seeming normal by pretending to have someone in his life that loves him. Normally, Sherlock lets it go. Or, well, pretends to let it go until he can return to his quiet flat on Baker Street and curl in on himself, the loneliness and sting of vicious words overwhelming him more often than he'd ever care to admit.
"Oh- oh John…John! John, I…I want to… can I? Can I
"Sherlock, I swear-"
Sherlock smirked against John's hot skin, taking his time to move to the other nipple, giving it just as much attention, swirling his tongue around its pink peak and flicking against it.
John's cheeks must be on fire by now as he looked down at his hands. He couldn't keep a stupid smile from spreading across his face and he felt himself nod. "I-yeah. Yeah I do," he all but whispered.
"Sherlock, what on
"You didn't bring me down here to murder me, did you?" John teased, as they descended further into the basement.
That yanked John right back to reality. His furious brain suddenly cleared as he processed exactly what he'd just heard. He blinked rapidly until his eyes refocused and sharpened on the beautiful boy still slightly flushed in front of him. "You... I...
"How long?"
He waits for John to settle, listening to the boy toss and turn and tug the covers over his shoulders before letting out a heavy sigh, body melting into the bed and finally relaxing.
"And that's exactly why I didn't want you to go to the club tonight," Mike said pointedly.
"We still need to keep an eye out though," Greg warns, eyes flicking over John carefully, clearly noting he's not getting the whole story, though still in the dark about which story he should actually be getting.
"Yeah," John agrees, feeling a bit badly for his teammate, "I'll talk to him too. Let him know it's all fine."
Together.
The soft whimper that escapes Sherlock's lips prompts a deep kiss from John.
"You're welcome anytime."
"B-but we're…colleagues? Friends? I don't even know but it'll ruin what we…have," John finished lamely. What did they have exactly? A sketchy deal at best with a dash of weird connection on the side? This was royally fucked up already.
Sherlock couldn't promise what John was asking of him. He couldn't promise that he would keep himself from the fight, from the danger. So instead he held him close and agreed for him to become a true part of the work. And surprisingly, it wasn't all that terrifying.
John giggles. "Of course! I hardly ever go to these things, but Greg suggested I do and the rest of the team is going so I figure I'd better go. Keep the lads in line and all that."
"Such language," Sherlock teased, still not looking at him. "I can't believe you kiss me with that mouth."
His life is nothing.
"Yes you were," John calls over his shoulder before making his way over to the newly lit tree. "Wow, well done fellas! This looks fantastic."
It wasn't.
Sherlock kisses him back, barely listening and grabbing at him but John is pulling away already.
WATSON.
And onto the stage the DJ is set up at.
"Who attacked you?" It was misdirection, a distraction from John leaving, a weak attempt but all Sherlock could come up with at the moment, his head too full of images of a shivering, teeth-chattering John Watson trying to survive this cold winter night.
John snorts. "It's alright," John chuckles. "You have one too, ya know."
Grinning, Greg shoves his hands in his pockets. "Oh and there is a new kid in our age group. Haven't met him yet, just heard some stuff from Molly over e-mail."
Sweat forms along his hairline as his thoughts spin and spin, making him wobbly with confusion and wonder and, god,
Sherlock nods because he doesn't know how else to respond, but Irene doesn't seem to be looking for him to participate.
He couldn't believe how intimate this was. How being with and touching another like this was almost surreal. Touching Sherlock like this was surreal. He never knew it would be like this, every touch so personal that it made every nerve in John's body sing. A shudder rippled down his back as Sherlock's large, strong hands found their way from his hips to his shoulder blades, leaving a blazing path in their wake. John trembled under the touch, dropping his mouth to Sherlock's shoulder, kissing and licking over his skin, biting softly when Sherlock moaned, his hands gripping John's shoulders harder, pulling him closer and closer. Sherlock's face fell into the crook of John's neck, sucking lightly on the skin and another tremor ran through him. John felt an overwhelming need to taste every inch of Sherlock's skin, find out what parts of him were sensitive and what parts would make him moan when John tended to them. The urge was carnal, a deep-seated need to feel and handle and
Okay, a lot of excitement.
"I'm just getting to the station now," Sherlock muttered innocently, "I sure hope I can make it through the crowds. It's rather busy in here."
John snorts. "They could change all the street names."
No one else in the entire school wants to kiss Sherlock Holmes.
this blond boy.
John huffed beneath him. "Actually what I was going to say was I'm really glad I'm doing all this for the first time with you. You're very important to me. You're… you're the
Sherlock looks down. "I'm just a bit surprised is all."
"Hi," he murmured, as Sherlock slid into the open chair next to him. "What are you doing here?"
you." The cackles that follow only heighten the volume of Seb's next words. "And who in their right mind would agree to
John laughed. "Yeah, yeah alright, I won't make you repeat it, git." He grinned out the window. "But just… wow," he murmured more to himself then anything.
John's soft chuckle warms Sherlock all over.
"I'm going to kill you!" John shouts back with no bite at all, still giggling on top of the affronted boy in his bed. "Shut the fuck up!"
, there is always something he misses, but this one should have been so
And why did he agree?
With Mary.
A soft wetness slid across John's lips, silently requesting access, and John complied, opening his mouth to allow Sherlock to delve his tongue inside, twining together with John's. Their lips moved slowly, tongues touching and retreating, mouths opening and closing, finding their own rhythm, finding how they moved together and breathed each other in. John gasped, moving impossibly closer, hands moving from Sherlock's hips to his lower back, palms flattening and pressing, suddenly needing to be pressed tightly together, needing to be closer than humanly possible, needing to know he could trust this. Needing to know he could hold onto Sherlock like this. Hold on and be close and be okay.
Sherlock freezes for a moment, working himself up to it.
"Don't stop," John repeated, pressing his fingers in to emphasize his words. "Don't ever stop."
Sherlock whispered, "Come for me, John," over his lips, and those words all but shoved him right over the edge, as John shook violently and then he was coming hard and thick and fast, writhing into slender fingers that were touching him so perfectly. He held on to Sherlock's hair, probably painfully, but he couldn't be concerned about that now as his hips bucked into Sherlock's hand, cock throbbing and spurting all over the inside of his jeans. His world was spinning faster and faster, turning a vague white for a long moment until finally the spinning turned slower and duller and colors reformed in his vision as John dropped his head to Sherlock's shoulder and gave one last shudder.
Sherlock gives a hard shove against John's chest and he stumbles back, eyes fluttering open.
"Oh," he murmurs because it's all he can say. It's all he's able to reply because John has took all of his words right out of his mouth, expressing every feeling Sherlock has ever had and it's too much.
A wrap on the door saved the argument that was about to ensue and Sherlock dove from the couch, irrationally worried that if the door were to open without supervision, John would slip out by accident and never make it back inside. He tore open the door to find Detective Inspector Lestrade, standing with his hands on his hips, already annoyed.
the fun-loving bloke John had hoped he would be, but a rather unusual and seemingly elusive boy has really thrown a wrench in John's big plans as a uni student.
Which proved completely and utterly false as Sherlock stepped up behind him, gaze finally falling away from John's face in the mirror to his actual body. John realized immediately what a fool he'd been to believe if he were no longer staring into fathomless pools of ever changing color he would have any sort of control over himself. Because now, Sherlock was close. Closer than ever before, heated breath ghosting down John's neck, eyes grazing down the side of John's face.
more superior then I, your highness," John said. He chuckled again and glanced at the ceiling, still smiling broadly. "Okay, how about this? I am concerned about doing well in this class and would like to meet my TA outside of class to get extra help. Would you meet me for coffee if we put it that way?"
He tries not to smirk and fails. Sweet, clever Mrs. Hudson. Attempting to make the new bloke believe Sherlock is anything other than the obnoxious genius that he is.
Including Sherlock.
The reply took eternity. John's leg bounced up and down with anxiety, finger tapping against the screen of his mobile.
John has to hand it to Greg; he is pushing all the right buttons to get Sherlock to go to this party. Hell, if John knew Greg had all these tricks up his sleeve he would have gotten him in here a long time ago to force Sherlock outdoors with him.
He settled into the back of the taxi, took a shuddering breath and tried to focus on Sherlock and not all the emotions reeling within him. He'd almost forgotten what it felt like to live in the Watson household. He'd almost forgotten what the constant tension felt like, what being alone surrounded by family felt like, what feeling battered and broken every day felt like. He'd almost forgotten entirely. So it would only make sense for Harry to show up now. Give him a swift kick in the arse and remind him he couldn't get away that easily. Remind him that he could run away to London, or run away to France or hell, run away to fucking Antarctica and he would still be a Watson, born from parents that didn't love him, didn't care about him, and now apparently actively hated him. No one had ever loved John Watson. Not even his own family. How foolish had he been to think that would all change now?
of the cap popping open, knowing what comes next and biting down on the nerves fluttering around his abdomen.
John blinked and looked back up, bemused. "So?"
"So what'll it be?"
John. It was entirely possible.
John's eyes widened. "Jesus, Sherlock are you – are you drunk?"
It's all bloody
Maybe it's not a prank.
He bundled John into the back of the car, sliding in next to him. John huddled against the far door as far away from Sherlock as he could be in the small space. Sherlock fidgeted in his seat with the need to reach out and touch him, but unsure if he should.
." He's not sure why he's begging but god, it feels too good. He knows he won't last. He's panicking.
John would take him over that floating piece of wood right here and now if he didn't think they'd get promptly thrown out of camp but this cannot possibly be legal for someone so beautiful to be laying around in public in such little clothing.
John stared back in bewilderment. "What?" he asked, feeling an urge to wrap his arms around himself to cover up.
Something's not right.
"So," John says, clapping his hands together and folding them on the table as the waiter leaves again, his blue eyes glinting. "Tell me more about this
Then rolled his eyes.
And Victor definitely doesn't work at a café.
John smirks. He's a cocky bastard and he knows it, and for some reason the reactions he's pulling from Sherlock are making his smug attitude double. "You heard me, baby," he growls, popping a challenging eyebrow.
Sherlock is nodding hurriedly. "Yes, yes, of course, now will you be please be quiet so I can kiss you?"
Happy is an understatement.
This was a rather…intimate moment. More intimate then any of John's drunken nights had been, from what he could remember.
"Fuck off," Sherlock breathes just as his hand lands on the handle.
. It's warm and so tender against Sherlock's mouth, just like John, just like everything John has ever given Sherlock, but better. So much
This was a bad idea.
John leaned against a tree opposite of the building that held Sherlock's office and waited. He checked his watch just as the big hand hit the top the hour and prepared himself to saunter as casually as possible into the building when his Chemistry teacher burst through the front doors, and strolled with determination, not even throwing a glance in John's direction. John froze, unsure if he should take off after him, call out his name or go home and consider this a terrible plan to begin with.
of research.
But the boy stops himself, hand half-outstretched before retracting it, pulling away from Sherlock, pulling away from what they have. Pulling away once and for all.
Holmes smirked. "Better. Now, tell me Watson, how long have you been on base?"
Sherlock landed hard on top of him, shoving him back and away from John and slammed the stranger's head against the ground. The man groaned, hardly struggling, clearly surprised by the attack, unable to respond until he processed what happened. Sherlock straddled him, grabbed two fistfulls of his coat, yanked him up and threw him down again, hitting his back against the concrete and knocking the wind out of him.
Sherlock had thought his plan would be mutually beneficial. He would get John to back off and finally understand. And then he would remind himself how enjoyable meaningless sex was.
He gently twisted the handle and pressed it open slowly, hoping if Sherlock were indecent he would see the motion and stop him if he needed to. "Sherlock, I'm coming in."
Sherlock ignores the sweat forming along his brow as his body shivers with cool fear, the promise in Sebastian's words slithering over him like the presumptuous snake that he is.
"John," Mycroft calls before John can slam the door closed, tossing out his umbrella to keep it propped open. "I do apologize if I stepped over a line but you must understand where I'm coming from. Having my brother away from home has been… difficult. He's my responsibility and I only wish to see him happy."
"Never," John murmured. "Not even once."
, Sherlock knew exactly who he was.
He hears it long before he sees it.
He fucking
"Really, I couldn't-"
"Yes," Sherlock murmurs, arms locking around John's neck. "God, yes."
"Good to see you mate," Lestrade slaps a hand on his shoulder. "How's uni?"
needs that boy back in his bed right this fucking minute.
"I wanted to dance with you," John said, tripping as he took a step forward. Sherlock caught him by the waist. "You're so strong," John cooed, nuzzling his face into Sherlock's neck. "Mm, my strong Sherlock."
Molly is about as shy as Sherlock and they get along famously in Chemistry.
Mrs. Hudson snorts a laugh. "Well, considering I didn't sign you up, I'd say that's a firm no."
-" he chokes as John's cock drags along his prostate at a different angle than ever before. He lets out a shuddering breath as his arse cheeks settle onto John's hips. He can hear John panting quietly behind him, calloused fingers digging into Sherlock's hips.
"Class," Sherlock murmurs back, clearly just as hesitant to break the intimacy of this moment, still gripping John by the hips, the tip of his nose skimming just below John's jawline as he drops a kiss under his ear. "Obviously."
"Yes it will," John whispers fiercely, tugging on their laced fingers until Sherlock is close enough to rest his forehead against John's. "Trust me when I say I want to be with you always. We'll sort it out. You know, uni is only a year away."
With a silent nod and another shaky breath, Sherlock opens the door and leads them out of the dorm and back into the cool evening air.
John really can't help himself. He is fully aware that if he just kisses Sherlock, instinct will take over and the boy will relax. But John can't resist just a little more teasing. John wants to enjoy this boy's innocence for just a bit longer.
"John-"
"Mm, yes, John Watson. Currently in his pre-medical years, striving to become a doctor. From a rather unimpressive and very neglectful family, no?"
On the other hand, Sherlock has to admit he's a bit frustrated. He
And this was Sherlock's mother. He was certain she would be prepared with some sharp, biting remark that was so cleverly underhanded he'd have to do a double-take as to if he should be offended, like Sherlock always seemed to do.
His eyes widen, mouth falling open as that finger slides further in, breeching his body so effortlessly.
, and just manages a coherent though. "Y-You can't get takeaway like that," he fumbles out, breathing a sigh of relief as that thought came out of nowhere.
He wants it to last.
Mr. Holmes puts his hands on his knees as he heaves, coughing twice before finally responding. He throws a thumb over his shoulder. "Dolly," he wheezes.
They don't say much to each other the following weeks.
That's not right.
"Your
"What-" Sherlock clears his throat when the word comes out a whisper. "What are you going to do to me?"
The girl's lips had twitched. "Not great."
It was John's turn to raise an eyebrow at his friend and he smirked. "Hot, huh?"
How long are goddamn rugby games again?
For one, the boy was obviously starved for physical attention. That was clear by the race of his pulse when Sherlock had placed his hand on his cheek. John hadn't noticed Sherlock's pinky finger settling over her carotid artery, gaging his reaction.
At the time, Sherlock had been so inexperienced with any sort of thing like this. He wasn't disliked during secondary school, nor teased, though looking back on it now it probably had less to do with how well-liked he was and more to do with how well-liked
Sherlock smells
"Because Sherlock is quite self-centered," Mycroft replied to the question that wasn't directed at him as the rest of the Holmes family paraded into the dining room, Victoria and William bringing up the rear with food balanced in their hands.
"Oh, I actually like it," John continues, closing the door neatly and shrugging his jacket off. "Makes it actually feel like Christmas. The school hardly put in an effort to post a Happy Holidays sign anywhere on campus, I've barely felt the spirit at all this year." He glances around, a look of wonder and contentment mixing in his features. "Yeah," he sighs in what could only be satisfaction, "it definitely feels like Christmas in here."
Sherlock's eyes widen slightly. "You're so soft," he breathes, trailing his fingers along John's skin, watching in wonder as John wiggles slightly under the gentle touch, tickling him slightly. Sherlock does it again, seeming pleased with eliciting this reaction from John, his feather-light touch trickling along the edges of John's form. He glides smooth fingers toward John's own where they sit wrapped around his cock, slowly stroking himself as he watches Sherlock examine and explore him. "C-can I?" he murmurs, touching fingertips to John's hand.
, you… I don't like other p-people touching y-you," John stammers out, that wicked mouth of his boyfriend's not helping his focus.
"I was just saying goodnight to Sherlock," Irene lies, standing and stretching. "It's getting late anyway. Nice night for a stroll but I have to get home."
John grinned. "No. That's exactly why you should come with me. And knock it off with the Mr. Watson thing, it's annoying."
"Sherlock," Mycroft says as gently as he can. Sherlock flinches. "He needs you."
He turns back to Sherlock, features still pinched but calmer as he takes in Sherlock's untouched state. "Now, shall I go find my seat so I can watch you graduate?"
With an overdone scoff in an attempt to distract from the blush currently creeping into his cheeks, Sherlock offers one hell of a glare in his sibling's direction, mustering all the fury he possibly can with a single stare, hoping the angry daggers in his eyes are evident.
He can't remember ever running at all.
With a thick swallow, Sherlock turns back to his task, deciding now is the perfect time to retrieve his notebook that's been sitting at the corner of the desk in plain view this entire time, ignoring the ridiculous swooping of his stomach. Irene knows nothing. Irene doesn't even know
He didn't say a word to John the rest of the way, and after 20 minutes of silence and the dull roar of the engine, the myriad of emotions he'd experienced in a short time finally took a toll on him and John dozed off into a comfortable sleep.
John Watson has been Sherlock Holmes' best friend for the past three years. After witnessing the football team giving Sherlock a good beating in the car park that fateful winter, John Watson not only ran them all off, he then helped Sherlock to his feet and into the loo where he tended to his bloody nose and demanded to know everything so he could report it accordingly to the headmaster and protect Sherlock from any further attempts at similar behavior. Sherlock had only barely talked him down, but they'd exchanged numbers nonetheless, John's ever-worried nature kicking in, forcing Sherlock to promise to call him if this ever happened again, which Sherlock of course didn't do but John didn't give up after that easily, hounding the genius boy about his well-being for the next several days until Sherlock couldn't fend him off any longer, agreeing to let him come over to have a look at his bruised nose and determine the status of his injuries for himself.
Sherlock ignores the thrill that runs through him and glares. "Flattery will get you nowhere on the Holmes property."
"You don't… Jesus Christ, we just slept together for the first time and you're just going to fucking bail?" John demanded. Now he was getting angry. This was not proper relationship etiquette. This was not on.
He misses the danger and the excitement and the adrenaline.
But nights like tonight make it infinitely harder than necessary.
The hairs on the back of John's neck stood immediately, a cool shiver running down his spine, knowing exactly who was standing behind him. Turning slowly, preparing himself and throwing up an internal warning to stay calm, John's gaze locked on brown eyes.
"Yes, John?" Sherlock replied, not turning from his hunched position over the table as he distributed the plates.
And it's so unbelievably stupid that that fact alone hurts John more than it should. Sherlock has no loyalties to John. They've met a total of one time. John can hardly even remember what the boy looks like, let alone what may have happened to set them on this weird avoidance path.
Already, John was thinking about the next time they do this. And the time after that. And the time after that. Luckily, John had already prepared for this. He already knew just how deep in his was with Sherlock Holmes. No turning back now. Everything he could ever want, everything he had wanted for so long was currently naked, moaning and writhing beneath him, and John had no intention of letting him go.
"Yeah, I got that part," he nods and waves his hand for Paul to continue, brow furrowed at his friend's odd behavior. "What exactly is going to make things weird?"
John is okay.
Irene is far too cheery for the occasion.
Sherlock loves games. He could play.
Christ, such a small thing shouldn't feel so bloody good but Sherlock's inexperienced body doesn't care because it's John Watson's lips on his and John Watson's breath on his cheek and John Watson's hands on his chest and before he can stop it, before he can swallow it back down into his throat and hide it forever, a soft little moan escapes into his closed mouth, stifling it enough that if they were anywhere besides a small, silent room it would go unnoticed.
"I'm certain Lestrade will be along soon," he says flippantly as a window rolls down.
And John quiets his swirling thoughts and listens hard, still too afraid to actually look in Sherlock's direction.
again. Sherlock had been waiting for him, anticipating his arrival. He couldn't wait for those hours every Friday evening to gain just a little bit more knowledge about the interesting John Watson he'd become so enthralled with.
"Um," he mumbles. "Sex."
John sighed. "Sherlock-"
That has never happened to one John Watson.
anything. Sherlock wants fucking
And just like that, the bubble bursts and the real world comes racing in on all sides and Sherlock's pleasant afternoon comes to a grinding halt.
"No, you're tired because you didn't run this morning, you had several beers after class and your body is expecting the caffeine intake you normally have around this time of day to kick in but seeing as I threw out your coffee, you didn't receive such a kick."
!" Sherlock exclaims, pointing a finger into dead space and glowering harshly at it, everything falling neatly and horribly into place. "They weren't supposed to... it was supposed to be
Preparing.
"Crowded," Sherlock shrugs, taking a sip of his beer. "And loud. And we lost Irene along the way." He nods out to where Irene is sandwiched between two blonde women on the dance floor.
? The great Mycroft Holmes was
"Hey gorgeous," John's voice is rough and garbled as though he just woke up from a long nap. "You okay?"
Sherlock nodded, and John tried to hide his disappointment. Why wasn't he invited to go again? Shouldn't he be going to all the cases? They'd talked about this.
John's entire world had flipped upside down.
"What did he do?" John's words are soft in his ear but demanding, laced with anger.
He's never even considered someone touching him here like this. It's intimate and filthy and Sherlock is reveling in it.
"Stop," Sherlock barks, stepping out of reach. "What do you have?"
When his phone finally signaled a message, John's hands couldn't open it fast enough.
The pressure is slowly loosening, Sherlock's muscles giving to the intrusion. He rocks back experimentally.
It's not working.
John is nervous because he doesn't want anyone to know. He doesn't want anyone to know he wants to kiss Sherlock Holmes.
"I'm really
Then more warm liquid was suddenly pulsing onto John's stomach, the boy in his arms shaking violently overcome by his own pleasure. John watched, slack jawed as Sherlock's own orgasm rolled through him, shuddering sharply through his body, lips parted, panting hot breaths into the air. John watched without blinking, staring up into the face of his best friend currently wrapped in satisfaction, never wanting that look on Sherlock's face to move from where it was. It was so beautiful. So utterly blissful and unabashed and perfect. John drank it in like warm milk, feeling like he could purr with contentment as Sherlock fell apart in his arms. He didn't say a word, simply observed, like Sherlock had done to him so many times, silently watching and taking in every stuttered gasp, every vibration, every little sound that Sherlock made John remembered and savored.
The man straightened up a bit.
with his roommate's lifestyle. If anything, he should be concerned. What does Sherlock Holmes do every day? Where does he go? Class can only take up so many hours. What could he possibly be doing? Does he have a job? Does he study? Does he have friends?
John gaped at him. "What? Why?"
"Will you please go talk to your boyfriend?" Molly asks as she sits heavily into her usual seat at dinner. "He's sulking out in the meadow."
And if Sherlock is correct, it will only be proven impossibly accurate considering Victor is attempting to get him loose and legless, to lower his faculties and get him agreeing to things he normally wouldn't.
It's stupid, really. Very stupid for John to be noticing the scent of the boy he's currently using as a protection shield from a chemical explosion, but John's senses and John's head and John's bloody
"Without a toxicology report, I can't say for certain," John says. "But I'd guess poisoning."
Sherlock gasps as his pants are dragged down to his thighs and wet heat engulfs his cock.
Sherlock grabs for one of John's hands next to his elbow. "No!" he whispers desperately. "No, please, don't stop."
Before Sherlock can question what the matter is, concern etching around the corners of his mind that maybe
"Hello Mycroft," Sherlock says disdainfully. "Ah, I see you've gotten fatter since leaving home?"
John's heart pounded in his chest, anticipation rushing through his veins. The hair on his neck stood up as a violent shiver ran through his body.
"Why don't you stop making his decisions for him and let him in on the conversation that's been battling on inside your head?"
"Stop acting like-" Sherlock just barely manages to shut himself up before the word spills out of his mouth.
Sherlock blinks, seeing the very heavy arousal and very faint trace of anxiety in John's eyes. He doesn't understand. "Why not?"
Someone snorted a laugh in response and John bit down on a smile. At least someone appreciated his efforts.
Pity.
"I see you laugh and smile at her."
He had sorely miscalculated.
John sputters a surprised laugh. "Jesus, mate."
As John rounded one more corner, he stopped in his tracks and watched silently as Sherlock chucked his book bag over a fence, then hoisted himself up and over in one fluid motion, swinging his long legs underneath to catch his landing as he steadied himself on the other side. John gaped at this odd and seemingly natural action for the man as Sherlock scurried away to the house the fence encompassed.
Sherlock can't breathe.
"I won't," John replies hastily. "Trust me."
"Undoubtedly," Irene sneers.
Sherlock steals a glance back at him just to see those soft features crinkled with mirth, John nodding at him encouragingly, dropping his hand. Sherlock curses the loss of contact.
"Oh, right," Sherlock said, rolling his eyes. "Hey - quiet! I forgot about this unimportant announcement, although I'm sure you'll all care to know. We have a new writer joining our staff."
. He drops his forehead to John's good shoulder, fingers still clinging to John's and takes a much needed breath, his lower half pulsing with the reminder that he hasn't been touched in three days and it is most
John had agreed because little did Sherlock know, John was also very interested in spending more time with him.
"Oh, this is too good," Irene grins with a little skip in her step as they round the corner to his residence hall. "I mean,
"Everything alright?" Molly asked, peering at his phone.
"John?"
John should never feel anything other than wonderful.
It was Victor Trevor.
"Um," John's throat is suddenly very dry. How on earth does he explain Sherlock or the reaction he's stirred quite spectacularly in John? "I don't uh… he's alright."
The corners of Sherlock's mouth quirk in the softest of shy smiles. "Thanks," he mumbles, grasping John's hand with a firm shake.
"Christ almighty," Mycroft grumbled. "Call an ambulance if it's that bad."
Sherlock nods without speaking and John laughs. "That good, eh?"
"Yes," Sherlock replies defiantly.
"Hell yes it is," Greg chuckles. "We've got to save the mad bastard from himself."
to Sherlock. Doesn't Irene see that? Doesn't she understand how rare a thing that is? Besides, she wasn't at the party. She doesn't know anything about it.
Sherlock nods, turning his head to murmur into John's ear. "
"I-" he says, eyes sweeping across the desk in a panic to explain.
He rolls the words around in his mouth for a moment and then murmurs, "I-...I might."
Good.
"Will you cut it out with the dramatics? It's all fine, nothing is going on."
"Well, I couldn't be certain," Sherlock replies gravely, eyeing John carefully. "Sometimes I wonder where some of the facts you've got in that funny little brain of yours come from."
John laughs but hugs him back. "You're more then welcome." He kisses Sherlock's lips and grins when Sherlock hums. "Is it time for celebrating, naughty boy?"
John had huffed a laugh. "And how'd I do? From an outside perspective."
would appreciate it."
He decided to go through the facts one more time.
Sherlock moans.
This is by far his favorite part of the day.
And just as he can feel the tension slowly loosening in his limbs, almost the moment he can feel his heartrate evening to a healthy pace again, right when he can actually breathe like a normal person, that's when John's firm powerful body and sluicing naked skin is turning and sliding and pressing to Sherlock's in a way the genius is absolutely not prepared for, thick hard muscles pushing up against Sherlock's slender frame, fitting against him perfectly and crowding him into the back shower wall, his back hitting the cold tile with a wet smack as John curls further into him, peppering soft kisses along his neck with care.
John's eyelids fluttered, the ache in his chest slowly loosening. If the world wouldn't change, wouldn't understand, then John still had this. Still had this man, for thirty plus years of his life, taking care of John and allowing John to take care of him. He still had this. If nothing else, he still had this.
"Yeah, yeah, but like… god
Sherlock's sharp gaze dances back and forth between them with a frown. "Well, I can dance with both-"
Sherlock suddenly stills and glances up. "Are we…"
John's eyes had to adjust quickly as he was met with dim lighting and quiet murmuring that could be heard just beyond where he could see, soft music flowing through speakers overhead. He walked down several steps into what looked like a small, dark room, finding a woman standing at a podium in front of a maroon curtain.
John had to remember to breath. The door swung open and Major Holmes sat on the other end of the office behind a large mahogany desk. "Ah, excellent. Cadet Watson, please enter. Lieutenant Moran, you are dismissed."
"I mean, I thought the lads on the team were exaggerating but you are the epitome of a geek."
John Watson is in love with Sherlock Holmes.
John turned his head and laid eyes on the man he'd been thinking about all week. A shudder ran down his back and he locked eyes with that unsettling gray stare.
Sherlock gapes after them, convinced he's never been so blindingly angry in his life.
Sherlock nods sharply and makes his way to the passenger's side.
Sherlock shakes his head immediately before slipping an emotionless mask over his features and frowning in feigned confusion. "Why would I want to go?"
Feeling a little giddy and bold, Sherlock decides to be brutally honest.
, John. It could never be wrong."
Huffing an irritated sigh down at himself, Sherlock tugs each cuff of his plain black button-down to lay neatly along his wrists, makes one last pass with his palms down the front of his shirt in an ill-fated attempt to smooth out any wrinkles, knowing full well if there are any creases they won't be removed by a simple brush of a hand, and squares his shoulders. Drawing himself up to his full height, Sherlock dives head first into the abyss.
Well.
He's an idiot.
"John-" Sherlock gasps as John wraps his fingers into thick cotton and all but throws him - gently - against the trunk of the nearest tree, pushing at his chest until his back hits the bark. "John what're you-"
But there is something so peaceful and gorgeous about this brilliant boy curled in John's arms just like he belongs there, comfortable and blissful and snoozing away, huffing gently into John's chest occasionally, pale skin a bit pink in the warmth of their combined body heat, his usually striking features somehow softer and gentler in slumber, pliant and calm, unguarded and perfect.
John, however, seems to have no time for comfort as his tongue traces circles along Sherlock's chest and neck, nipping and sucking and working him over, making soft little pleased noises at every new inch of Sherlock he tastes, the sounds of a happy lover, of a happy
It's adorable and John takes pity on him immediately, chuckling softly as he leans down for soft kisses against pretty lips. "And not because I wanted to be in bed nearly naked with my sexy boyfriend?" he finishes for the bright red boy beneath him, only letting him suffer for a moment longer before John wraps an arm around his waist, pressing his own erection into Sherlock's hip and groaning helplessly. "That's
The gorgeous cry that comes from Sherlock's mouth is so perfect John can't stop himself from rolling over on top of the young genius and grinding his hips down. Sherlock's spine immediately bowes, snapping his hips up to meet John's. "Come, Sherlock," John growls, because it's apparent that Sherlock is very much on the edge.
"Careful," John giggles, guiding Sherlock's hand up and wrapping it around John's neck delicately, sweeping up Sherlock's other hand in his own and laying it in John's. Breath catching harshly in his throat as John's other hand settles on his lower back and presses him closer, Sherlock is certain that this is how he will die, unable to suck in any air because he's so damn close to what he wants most it makes him ache.
John snorts, and grabs his hand. "I-"
"What baby?" John teases, pressing his lips carefully to Sherlock's protruding hipbone, grinning as he receives a hip thrust in return. "What do you want?"
Sherlock takes the moment to glare steadily down at the stupid tiny tea light flickering barely an inch worth of fire between them.
time."
He hadn't been.
But Sherlock was holding his ground. After five years of radio silence, five years in which Sherlock had happily continued living his life, continued foolishly believing that no matter where John was, one day he would come back to him. One day they would be together. One day they would find each other again and start their life together.
"What?" a growl came in reply, "Don't tell me you don't want it."
"Better?" John teases, rocking insistently, hips pushing at Sherlock's thighs.
John blushed madly. "No no, S-no. I apologize for my behavior last night. It was inappropriate and I promise it won't happen again."
"Because you're associating with me. Bugger, they must know I'm here. He must be a part of all this. But why Moran? He's middle of the pact, nothing special. Why are they using him…"
We're having a constant lovefest on my
John's throat burned, a very real fear sizzling within him.
Sherlock Holmes was a pretty boy if there was ever a time to use that term. He'd had sharp, serious features that lay delicately across pale, porcelain-like skin, his cheekbones and jawline sharp and prominent. He'd had these dark tumbling curls that fell down around the crown of his head and framed his face in a rather sultry-without-really-trying sort of way, wild and chaotic while simultaneously seeming soft and silky.
He nodded slowly and allowed Will to lead him out a side door.
Because if John has learned one thing over the past four days, it is that Sherlock is
"So why would I make you give them up if you stopped competing?"
Things, however, turn yet again when Sherlock is not on the path beside the field after practice. He's not lingering shyly or pretending not to be watching or trying to appear like he'd just happened to take this way back to the dorms.
"Can we help you with something?" His words were biting and harsh, his eyes narrowing on the boy.
They have a date.
didn't have to," John glares pointedly, though he's fighting a grin. "I can read you like a book Sherlock Holmes."
Managing quick work of his pants, making Sherlock laugh again at his obvious urgency, John takes the initiative to gently push Sherlock toward the bed and guide him down, staying close and attentive, though the laughing boy in his arms calms his worries to a dull roar in the back of his mind, his own grin unable to stay away as he lays Sherlock out in his bed and sidles up to his side, pressing his chest to a sharp shoulder and propping himself up on his elbow, cheek falling to the palm of his hand as he gazes down at his lover.
"Hush," John squeezes his thigh where he knows the genius is ticklish and chuckles as Sherlock bites back a shriek of indignation. "You are not going."
"Dunno," John said, trying to shrug nonchalantly. He didn't want to talk about Sherlock. With anyone. For some reason, the conversation they'd had felt private. Like a secret the two of them shared. He didn't want to destroy that illusion by telling someone. Even if it hadn't ended the way he would have liked. And how in god's name would he be able to explain Sherlock's... observations? Mike wouldn't understand. John wasn't even sure if he truly understood.
"Anyway, I'd say you did pretty well tonight," John grins, apparently unaware of Sherlock's inner-turmoil. "Sod the internet, you're a fantastic partner already."
And just like that, they're back to their original roles.
The man's face was unchanging. "A mysterious man invited you into his bed the night before the semester began and you didn't seem all that concerned about who he was."
Huffing in irritation, Sherlock stabs his reply.
"Do you want to see the rest of the house?"
"Sherlock!"
"How many more, cap?" one of them dares to ask and even from here Sherlock can see the blond's face darken.
The next message seemed to take eternity to arrive.
"John," is Sherlock's incoherent reply, biting his lip hard as John delivers another roll of his hips and a pinch to his nipple. "Please."
Those gorgeous eyes, the ones that made John's breath catch, the ones that changed colors in that ethereal way that they did, the ones that first drew John to this beautiful creature known at Sherlock Holmes, were brimming with miserable tears, staring fixedly on a point behind John's head.
Then he takes a step toward Sherlock and reaches for his hand. "I'm sorry," he says softly. "I don't mean to make fun." He brings Sherlock's hand to his lips and lays a kiss against his fingers. "But I can see it in you, Sherlock," he breathes. "I can see you're not happy. I can see that you want more than this. You're bored to death and you want more than that. You want danger. You want a little thrill."
Sherlock's fingers sneak their way beneath John's shirt and he goes to work, unbuttoning and unzipping and disrobing his best friend until they're pressed against each other, bare skin to bare skin, arms wrapped around each other and holding on like a lifeline like if either lets go they both will drown.
"Okay, everyone out," John shoos them both. "We can all read in separate locations so I don't lose my mind every time a text message comes in and every one of our mobiles dings."
And then those lips are moving closer, so much closer and Sherlock's eyes widen as John's slip closed and then-
Sherlock huffs. "They aren't
"Hello," he finally croaked.
is that arousal? "Really?"
Sherlock waits, anticipation building low in his belly.
John tugs his hand. "They love you," he says as Sherlock finds his eyes.
drunk, vomit all over the bathroom and then snog a total stranger."
John bites his lip and nods and Sherlock floats away on a cloud.
A pink tongue sneaks out from between cupid's bowed lips to trace a concentration pattern, Sherlock's laser focus never wavering as he observes and exams and
After hours of searching campus, combing through every library and lab he could think of, John crawled into bed in his empty dorm room.
Sherlock flushes immediately. "A parting gift from my brother," he murmurs and John smirks.
to himself he wouldn't reveal his sexuality to John. Ever. And now-
John huffs. "Why aren't you there?"
," she whinges. "Give me something. Just a little something. John never has to know."
This may be the best moment of Sherlock's entire life.
Now, there is Irene and Mike and Greg and Paul and
He said none of those things.
He hurries off down the hall. He's got one more option. He'll get this sorted.
He takes a deep breath and digs his heels into Dolly's side and gives the reins a gentle flick.
"I solemnly swear to make a move on the bloke I'm into tonight, if you also promise to do the same with Sherlock."
Besides, he's not going to lie to him.
In the end, Sherlock doesn't have to say anything at all.
Sherlock obeys, eyes wide and trained on his friend, following Mike's chest rising and falling, barely managing not to double over and heave, his heart somehow lodged in his throat racing at an unnatural speed as the reality of what is going on finally begins to seep in.
He promises himself that he will stop worrying about John Watson.
"Last night was for sulking," Link had said. "Tonight is for shagging."
It was irritatingly hot.
"That's it," John moans above him. "That's it baby. You're doing great."
. This is
"Well, I haven't- I mean I've never...had someone like you in my life." He cursed silently at how pathetic that sounded. He tried to shrug and sound casual as he continued. "It seems as though we discuss your life often and you...share a lot. I felt it was only fair that I share what I do. That's what friendship is, correct? An equal involvement of both parties?"
But even an hour earlier, he'd known exactly how this day would go.
so you can wear it."
Sherlock bites his lip.
"So you've said," Sherlock glares out at the field, deciding adorable in Irene-speak means something entirely different than it's definition.
Mike burst out laughing, cutting off his thoughts. "I'm kidding, John, relax. Look, I've seen the way he looks at you, it's fucking repulsively adoring and it makes me want to vomit. I'm sure you have nothing to worry about." His face darkened slightly. "But like I always say," he tried to say offhandedly. "Be careful."
He hooks his foot into the saddle and pulls himself up, exhilarated by the mere fact that he is doing something he's dreamt about since laying eyes on this beautiful mare. He's wanted to ride freely into the meadow on this wild steed, formal wear and rules be damned.
anything."
If Seb wasn't turning right at that moment and locking eyes on Sherlock, a subtle curve of his lips and a slight nod of his head all the confirmation Sherlock needs.
God, it hurt. It hurt more than Sherlock could have ever prepared for.
"Oh, my apologies, John," the man replies and John rolls his eyes in frustration before pausing to look up just as the body finally decides to slink off.
Another crack of thunder rattles the field, followed by a downpour of heavy raindrops as the clouds part and let them loose, beating against the ground and Mycroft's umbrella furiously.
This boy. This serious, intense, closed off, wary boy had been hurt. Some stupid fucking prat out there had done a number on this utterly perfect boy, had made him this way. Had forced him to protect himself from another heartbreak. He made him disbelieving and frightened of his feelings and convinced that everyone would do that to him.
"It's a goddamn
Sherlock furrowed his brow. "What?"
"Hey!" Mike and Link said together, trying to sound indignant and failing as they both continued to giggle.
"Sherlock, oh- god I love y-you," John gasps, finding Sherlock's lips.
"Why are you here?" Sherlock said as John took a seat in the chair across from the desk. Never one to beat around the bush, his editor.
"I fucking hate that guy," Greg snaps, shaking his head in the direction the small pact went off in with a glare. "He needs to get an attitude check. I'll talk to John about it. We'll make sure the sodding football team cleans up their act."
John laughs hardily, "Too true."
"You have to go," he'd urged him the first night after a game that someone had actually approached John about playing professional rugby.
"Mate," Greg's voice had softened abruptly, and John glanced up to find his friends eyes crinkling in concern. "Why don't you just go for it? Just put it out there. You're miserable around here, and now this shit with this Victor guy? It's crap, John. You deserve better than this. Go see Sherlock, yeah? Just go and tell him how you feel."
His own work.
John snorted and laid his hands atop Sherlock's. "No sex, Sherlock," John said kindly, removing Sherlock's wandering fingers from his waist. "Just sleeping. Come on."
If it's one thing Sherlock has learned today, it's that. He was
Thank god Sherlock is fully used to all of this now, not only the loud incessant noise of the crowd but the chest-clenching, stomach-swooping, heart-racing reaction he has every time he lays eyes on that giant 3 laying flat against that fit back just below those acrylic letters creating one of Sherlock's most favorite words in the world.
John knew he needed to ask further questions, get it all out, bring up everything Mycroft had told him. But he couldn't do it. Not now. For the first time, John agreed on Sherlock's ideas about taking things slow. Let everything come out, not push it.
"Hi-"
He makes his way to the meadow out back, seeing a folded dark figure amongst the colors of the nature.
Molly Hooper?
Nor will he tell him anything else about his life.
"He is a ridiculous human being," John chuckles, shaking his head as they watch Paul stumble after Mike. He glances back to see Sherlock and Greg sharing a long look.
Officially.
John laughed. "Piss off."
John's hand runs lovingly along Sherlock's back in a sweep of comfort, nuzzling his neck with soft kisses. "It's not over, baby," John whispers in his ear, making Sherlock's world tilt with another wave of bliss. "It's far from over."
this boy-
"Someone far beyond you in most areas, Mr. Jones," Sherlock answered coolly.
Sliding another finger in to fit next to the first, John stretched and prodded, loosening the tight ring of muscle as Sherlock moaned.
The night John had put him into bed with all the care in the world.
Harry's words shook him to his core because she was living and breathing proof that even if you got out of that household that he grew up in, you never really got away. She'd been four years gone and just look at her. Look at her obviously broken life. Was that who he was destined to be? In four years time, would he become her?
John loves to smudge the lines between sexy and sweet, murmuring love while fucking Sherlock into the mattress, whispering how badly he wants to suck him off while holding his hand on a busy street. It's something Sherlock adores, never knowing these were things he craved until John gave them to him. It keeps him on his toes. It keeps things so bloody exciting.
It wasn't something a sexually experienced person would ever do. He could have waited. He should have waited. It should have embarrassing. It should have horrified him. But John honestly didn't give two shits as he practically ripped the button of his own jeans off its thread and dove his hand into his pants, wanking furiously as he watched Sherlock suck his fingertips and recover from the orgasm John, John bloody Watson, had just given him and he had never been so proud in his life. He watched his fingers disappear into that delicate mouth as he stroked himself, his cock aching almost painfully, the sight of Sherlock coming tipping him right over the edge. Porn had
"So, you and Holmes are no longer friends?" Phillip Anderson sneered over the lunch table.
Sherlock blinks once then nods, beckoning John back to the bed.
"I know," Mike agrees sympathetically. "Go get it over with so you can come back and watch your boy dominate the table."
John is grinning at him as he starts the car and takes off into the night.
It would be the end of John Watson's heart.
"Money talks, John," the man replied. "Victor is a fraud. A fake. Nothing more than a liar with an attitude problem and daddy's credit card in his back pocket. He is no better than you John. No better than anyone. Trust me."
It's not fine.
Cursing his decision to the high heavens, Sherlock cracks an eye open as Mrs. Hudson huffs and storms off down the corridor, back to the car where the remainder of Sherlock's belongings are still waiting to be moved indoors. He takes the moment alone to compose himself, breathing in through his nose and out through his mouth, crushing his fingertips together in a woeful attempt to calm down.
He'd been stepping up his game recently. It had started as innocent ribbing and jesting, finding that they got along, and while Sherlock was undeniably good-looking, he was also rather unattainable, never moving things further along, no outright showing of interest or flirting in general with anyone, John included.
The dream had been downright dirty and the lingering side effects of his sleeping orgasm as well as the vivid memory sent little jolts through him. He shivered, stretched and yawned, feeling somewhere between satisfied and disappointed. His imagination did well. It was the faux-realness that bothered him.
sleep, John. I kip occasionally when needed, but not often do I fully lay down in my bed and have a full night's rest."
John's hands come back to his cheeks again and he hovers so closely, eyes locked.
him with every fiber of his being.
"Oi, this conversation isn't over!" John calls after him, though the only response he receives is a chuckle as the door closes behind his Captain.
up a bed in
"But it wasn't your fault," John argues, "You certainly weren't the one to give him a few shots of hard liquor."
"Sherlock!" John bellowed, a ripple of rage tearing from his throat.
He'd been so ridiculously happy these past few months. So gloriously, idiotically, blindingly happy. He hadn't thought twice about this ever ending. He hadn't considered one day Sherlock wouldn't want him anymore. He hadn't considered that one day he would drive away the love of his life.
Never wants this moment to end.
"Have I told you yet that I fucking adore you?" John says as he leans over to plant a kiss on Sherlock's cheek. "Because I really
Seeing as his fingers are currently occupied, Mycroft opts to nod his head in greeting. "Nice to meet you, John," he replies, calculating eyes already tracing along John's form, learning all his secrets in one glance. Sherlock now must resist the urge to stomp on his foot and bark at him to leave his poor John alone.
"Look at you," John breathes, continuing the thrust of his fingers. "Dirty boy, you like this, don't you?"
"Is that what we are?"
He knows Sherlock is brilliant. He cares about Sherlock. He would never want to hurt him. John recognizes the standard big brother 'don't hurt my baby brother' speech but there was something about it. Something that was unsaid but quite clear.
Sherlock pumps him hastily, mouth hanging open as he watches. "Are you…will you come…on me?"
"Fine," he grumbles to John's chest as his precious lower lip shifts into a pout that John is fairly certain he has no idea he's making which makes it even more adorable and John hopes the soppy look he's currently giving Sherlock Holmes is hidden in the darkness. With a heavy sigh and something akin to longing in his eyes, the genius lifts himself up and off of John and goes to move off the bed.
"Uh- what are you doing?" John repeated. "Why are you getting dressed?"
It didn't make sense that John Watson's last instinct at night was to make love to Sherlock, and his first instinct in the morning was the stay in bed for as long as possible, rubbing Sherlock's back and whispering tender things in his ear. Like he could do this for the rest of his life and be happy.
John demanded his brain stop thinking about those fingers touching other places on his body as he scrambled in, Sherlock following close behind.
Sherlock shakes his head.
Sherlock knows, of course.
"What is the meaning of this, Cadet?"
boy in his bed. He takes a moment just to watch this genius awaken, watch the soft light of the sun dance across his pale skin, watch his eyelids work extensively to stay open after being closed for so long, watch him watching
John grinned drunkenly. "Hi."
"Um," Sherlock had started, feeling oddly unsure of himself, something he didn't experience often. "Well, you know about my deductions-"
And then those long, elegant fingers were again placed on his face, this time underneath his chin and tilting his gaze back up. Sherlock's eyes searched his face for a moment.
"Erm- hi," John says, eyes flashing to Sherlock for help.
Startled a bit by his mother's bluntness, Sherlock glances over at his now-boyfriend who shrugs in response and nods his way out into the hall. Grinning, Sherlock follows close behind, practically squealing in happy delight when John pulls him into his arms in the sitting room.
He loved Sherlock.
John. He wants to experience
John nodded. "Good." He laid his head on Sherlock's shoulder and sighed. "You're the best thing in my life. Thank you for introducing me to your family."
Sherlock barrels out the double doors before he's read the text fully, unashamed of his eagerness, eyes locked on his target.
And based on John's past behaviors, the next step of John's kindness and inclusion of Sherlock would be to invite him to his rugby game.
would do to him.
Unable to back down with fear creeping up his spine that not everything is right with them, John continues this shaky conversation down the course it's taken.
"Yeah alright, run away little boy," Victor croons behind him. "Hurry home to your dear old
All the lockers and students and noise has faded away to silent white and the only thing in the world is this note.
He hadn't known what was expected so he hadn't done anything at all.
John searches out the crowd then smirks when his eyes land on his target. "Sorry, Molly."
"Yes and you're tired and wet. Go to sleep."
knows better.
"Hmph," Sherlock replies, still catching his breath and rubbing water from his eyes. "I'll get you back you know."
"Well, you're not and I'm not changing my mind so you might as well get over it."
roommate who gets his drunk arse to safety and takes off his shoes and tucks him in and looks at him with concern and tells him to settle down and tells him it's alright and feeds him dinner and introduces him to his friends and
"Good evening sir," she said with a bob of her head. "Do you have a reservation with us this evening?"
"Sure thing," Victor says with a shrug as Sherlock turns back to the kitchen. "You look good out there."
John's other hand slides between Sherlock's legs and cups his balls.
John bites his lip to keep the smile at bay.
him. Confidence that is only fueled when Sherlock Holmes is blushing all kinds of red after one of John's teasing little remarks.
things. Constantly, in fact. But never had anyone been this…direct. This
Now that there is no more he and John.
without you, without speaking to you, seeing you and having to ignore you, it was awful, John, the absolute worst day and I'm sorry, I'm so sorry but I've loved you for most of my life and I can't- I don't even know who I am without you and-"
He freezes.
He opened his mouth to start the preamble, looking up slowly as though just coming to a realization that he could ask Sherlock this fake important question he had, when the sight before him stopped him mid-step.
All of them just encroaching on Sherlock's existence when he didn't ask them for
And just like that, he no longer wanted to experiment.
This can't-
Sherlock giggles, cheeks darkening slightly under the already bright flush they hold from the running. "No fair," he grumbles, rolling toward John.
And just as he's pressing down on the door handle and disappearing into his own tumultuous thoughts, the response comes and John grins.
Yes, things have
And the breath John thought he had held safe in his chest promptly rushes out of him, knocking him off center a bit as he takes in the silent
One day, Sherlock would muse in his more private moments. One day, John would come back.
, yes- I-I know but-" John keeps attempting to talk as Sherlock grinds his pelvis against him, because he doesn't want to talk, he doesn't want to think, he just wants John in every way possible.
"How's the shoulder?"
He knew he was playing a dangerous game. A
"Because..." John prompts gently, silently offering comfort to help him continue, wishing so much that Sherlock would trust himself.
Acting before thinking.
at you, Sherlock. You are
that.
John laughs again. "Well, thank you for coming. You didn't have to."
With effort, they managed to lay him out on his back, tucking a pillow under his already sleeping head. Sherlock righted himself, tugging his shirt down and glanced up to find Lestrade gaping at him incredulously.
. He internally battled with disappointment, relief, anxiety and embarrassment in the blink of an eye, trying to process what and why the hell those words had just come out of Sherlock's mouth. He noticed the cabby eyeing them in the review-mirror but he ignored him. "Wh- I didn't-That wasn't-…" John sighed. There was never a point on lying to Sherlock. "Why not?" he decided on, as childish as it sounded. Truthfully, waiting just sounded so much worse then getting it over with. He didn't want to be in too deep when he was officially rejected. That just seemed cruel.
Sherlock swears her eyes light up when she sees him.
Sherlock was sure his heart had all but stopped beating.
Sherlock stopped short of reaching his arms around him and cautiously looked around. He then lunged for John's wrist and pulled him behind the building and out of sight.
"N-no I… I'm okay."
He slides a hand into Sherlock's curls and rolls his smaller body all along that expansive frame, touching chest and pecs, stomach and hips, lingering along the hardness between Sherlock's legs with his own and grinning as the boy's eyes flutter before thighs meet and then knees and then they're flush against each other again, John reveling in the squeeze at his hips and the gasping in his ear as Sherlock struggles for breath, pulling John tight to him.
And John Watson, still half-asleep, feels another sort of warmth bloom in his chest, realization dawning on him and a happy grin taking over his mouth as he blinks into dark curls pushing into his face, the head those curls belong to pressing a smooth cheek against his chest, the rest of that pale slender body fitting itself all the way down John's frame to where his legs are tangled up perfectly with another's.
John grinned. "I don't doubt it. But let me tell you anyway. It's what friends do."
. You're such a loser stalking around campus like you're so much smarter than everyone else even though I'm certain you've never had a cock in your arse, pathetic virgin pretending to be so much higher and mightier than everyone else. And finally someone shows interest in you,
Sherlock sniffed derisively. "Hm."
If anything, it grew brighter. Hot as the Afghanistan sun, he ached for Sherlock day and night, through the dirt and sand and sweat and tears, he'd physically hurt for the man he knew was back home, in London, making a name for himself and waiting. Waiting for John to come back and join him.
Even if something is going to happen.
"Victor?" John asked innocently, putting on his best smile and sticking out his hand. Turns out the jealous animal that was now John Watson was an excellent actor. "I'm John. I do sports."
The admission itself isn't the surprise but more the fact that the admission happened at all is what gets John's stomach doing one backflip after the other, unable to tear his gaze away from his perfect boyfriend, certain he's staring like a besotted loon and still he can't bring himself to care. "I like you too," he whispers, just considering reaching out to grasp Sherlock's hand, maybe pull him close enough to lay kisses against his lips and cuddle him close.
"No," was the only word John could form because, Christ, it had taken them this long to get to this and dammit all if he wasn't going to see this through. "No, hold on."
Camp ends soon. And he's not sure when he's going to get to do this again. So he's going to make this last for as long as humanly possible.
At the beginning, after they'd begun spending more time together, John's entire body would stiffen in a fit of jealous rage as another person approached Sherlock, stealing his attention from John and threatening to take him away. But that had subsided when it became clear Sherlock had zero interest in them. In anyone, really.
John laughs. "Let's talk about it tomorrow."
Sherlock has no idea.
does he want it, he wants to be John's fully and completely and he doesn't know how else to communicate that to his partner, feeling absolutely no shame as another plea falls from his mouth, completely unnecessarily as his slender frame practically vibrates with need.
"Oh, really?" Greg replies dubiously, and Mycroft somehow seems smaller under the glare. "That's
And with all his newly found confidence, all his bravado and boldness, Sherlock still can't bring himself to say the actual words, a blush creeping into his cheeks as he even thinks it and he ducks down, suddenly desperate to lick John's warm darkening skin and hide his hot face, deciding it might go better if he shows instead of tells, setting to work on trailing his wet lips and tongue all along John's firm sternum.
