Tony’s eyes opened.
Tony pursed his lips together as he caught Steve’s smirk and wink.
“Tony,” Steve started.
“Excuse me?” Steve said. “How on earth is that selfish?”
They saved him from that room and placed him in one just like it. Making up his mind, he tiredly pushed himself away from the pain and ignored the way his legs trembled. He was unsteady and he felt as though all at once tiny needles were being stabbed into every part of his body. His vision swam and he felt his head loll back.
“He’s going to be even better.”
Steve seemed to mirror Tony’s concerns and pulled back slightly with a look that promised a later. A later where both of them could weight if what they felt at this moment was enough to change things. Tony knew this feeling wouldn’t change, he could only hope that Steve would feel the same tomorrow, next week, hell even years later.
She tilted her head to the side, “Then one day…” her lip wobbles and tears pour out of her eyes. She raised a shaky hand to wipe them away. “Then one day I get a phone call from my brother. He’s crying and sobbing asking me to tell mom and dad that he’s scared…that he doesn’t know where she’s taking him. And I’m trying to be calm. I’m trying to get to him, telling him to drop a pin where he’s at.”
“I’m pretty sure half of these kids are going to have a sugar-high in the next hour or so. Is it bad that I’m kind of waiting to see how the volunteers handle a bunch of highly energized kids?”
Steve walked through the tower, having taken a shower already feeling greatly refreshed. He guessed the others were right in him needing to leave for a bit. Though a quick bit. Seconds away from Tony already felt like too much. He knew he still had hours, before the boys came and left. So Tony was in good hands for now, but that didn’t make the desire to go back to him lessen in any way, shape, or form.
It had been three days since Steve had learned that Tony had adopted Miles and it had been three whole days of Steve trying to talk to Tony, but Tony running in the other direction. Steve tried not to feel disheartened and rationalized with himself that he deserved this distance.
Tony didn’t feel good at all, but he nodded his head anyways.
"I apologize in advance for any tears shed" Pt. I
“No, not where I want you and you know that. I need you to touch me,” Tony instructed.
“I will.”
“I’m great,” he lied.
Natasha was the first to speak, “They said they are letting visitors in. He won’t be awake, but they said it’s helpful to talk to him. Rhodey and Pepper are with him now. You can go next, if you want?”
“What if you fought for him and realized that you should’ve done it sooner,” Natasha spoke up. “What if all this time spent apart could have been spent together? What then?”
Tony immediately stopped his rambling and placed the fruit snack box back. Miles turned slowly to Steve and frowned. It seemed as though he looked at Steve in betrayal for telling on him. Tony got what he came for on that particular aisle and went to the next one.
Miles had been telling them this whole time.
Tony shivered as Ryder pressed himself closer into Ryder’s body.
“Rhodey.”
Tony bit his lips nervously, but with just a shy bit of confidence repeated, “We need a break whether permanently or temporarily we’ll see. However, I think we need to reevaluate this relationship and the benefit of-”
“I don’t know if you’re joking or not, but I would love to be a part of this plan,” Clint said joyously, nearly jumping into his seat.
For a moment he felt like he couldn’t breathe. He felt chocked in his room. He leaned over his body and placed his head between his knees. He tried coaching himself through breathing. He grabbed his knees to stop them from trembling. Something rang in his ears and it pounded against his head. After his breaths had calmed down and his mind’s thoughts came to a slow stop, he stood from the bed.
Natasha shrugged and just watched Ryder flit around the kitchen grabbing Tupperware. Bucky, Clint, Steve, and Natasha all sat down at the kitchen and waited for the food and for Tony’s return.
He didn’t know why his first instinct was to go to Steve. On any other day he would’ve called Pepper and Rhodey. He told himself he would give them a call and explain everything when he gets the chance. But Steve was here and maybe he just wanted to go to Steve to have proof that everything Ryder said was a lie.
“It’s going amazing. The fact that everyone was able to make it has made my day. I mean Bruce is here. Bruce!” Tony exclaimed vibrantly. “Do you know how much we are going to be able to do now that he’s back? No, you don’t because it’s too much.”
Miles’ lips tugged downward and gestured toward his stuffed penguin and the Spiderman toy on the ground. Peter picked up the Spiderman toy, which Peter had given to him as a late birthday present. Miles had been fascinated with Spiderman lately and Peter was secretly pleased so he figured he could add to his toy collection.
“And we’re back,” Bucky said, this time not event stepping to stop Steve as he took the gun he had taken from Bucky and shot Ryder once in the kneecap.
“Yeah and that makes me really excited just knowing that he feels the same way even if he hasn’t articulated that to me just yet. I can be a very patient man,” Steve proclaimed. “I mean I did stay in the ice for 70 years, so if that isn’t patience I don’t know what is.”
“Let us handle things, okay punk. We’ll get her to speak whether she wants to or not,” Bucky claimed.
“So I advise you start looking at the course of your own actions first.”
“I can only pray that they forgive me of this.”
Steve wasn’t satisfied with his pain ending so soon.
Just as Tony was about to answer Karen, Harley and Peter came into the room. Both wore serious expressions on their faces. Peter sighed loudly, almost expressing his exhaustion. Harley then echoed the same sentiment.
Cali shrugged her shoulders. “I honestly couldn’t tell you even if I wanted to I’m afraid.”
That had been the first thing Tony had noticed, whenever Ryder would tell him he wasn’t ever going to hit him again. His left eye always twitched just the slightest.
Tony didn’t like how all of a sudden, he was surrounded by nearly eight girls all wearing mischievous expressions. Sophie seemed like the ring leader of whatever mission this was, until Julie came by and stepped in.
“With the weather changing and people coming in and out looking to adopt it seems this little one has contacted pneumonia. And we’ve had doctors come out and the help you’ve sent is great, but it’s still hard taking care of one kid when you have so many to watch after, you know? I mean we’re not neglecting him and we’ve been helping him recover, but sometimes I think it would be better if he had a family whose sole purpose was providing for him and taking care of him when he’s sick.”
The three looked at each other and reached a conclusion. They all gave Harry their orders and handed back their menus.
“I let him do this to me,” Tony said, trying to push away from Steve, but Steve only drew him closer.
“Okay, now I am definitely hurt. First you vote for my enemy’s Lego building and now you won’t accept my kisses. Oh no mister this won’t do,” Tony said grabbing ahold of Miles and smothering him with kisses.
“Thanks Tony.”
“It’s Steve,” Peter told him grabbing the phone. “Do you want to answer it?”
Bucky and Clint looked toward one another.
And this time he had not hesitated to answer.
“Yeah,” Harley said.
“God Natasha it’s awful,” Steve broke though. “I just wanted to protect him and I wanted Bucky to be my best friend. I wanted to be right because everything else was falling apart around me. I kept feeling empty during all of this, but I was finally whole when I thought that I was protecting Tony. I felt like for once I was saving someone I lo-”
Steve kept talking until he realized that Tony hadn’t replied. By then Tony would usually have interjected with some debate over which juice was better. Steve stopped from putting the spaghetti into the bowl and turned to Tony.
“Is that what you want? To leave?” Tony said evening out his tone in order to hide any hints of sadness.
When Tony and Miles came back to the tower, Miles was already excitedly asking if he could go find his Aunt Nat and show her the cool seashells he brought back. Pepper and Rhodey had dropped them off with promises to try doing a little vacation one weekend every month.
When they had arrived at the Tower, Tony thanked Happy and turned to grab the bags full of Miles’ stuff Karen had left him with. Tony was careful to keep an eyes on Miles who was still asleep in his arms.
His voice was so nice.
“Anyways Tony is opening up his home for all of you in hopes that you all forgive him. He often makes these gestures to seek out the approval or forgiveness from someone. Sometimes he isn’t even aware he’s doing it,” she said glumly.  “He has such this forgiving nature, when in all actuality no one should be forgiven. And yet he has this silly belief that he’s the one that needs to be forgiven. Mind telling me what for?”
The cool water was a nice opposite to the fire licking up and down Steve’s skin. Brief moments of Ryder’s mocking taunts and Tony’s pained expressions were interspersed with one another. He wondered quietly to himself how long it would be, before those vivid images would become muted.
“No, ummm I’m actually dating Ryder. I don’t know why my son said that,” he corrected. He felt his heart rate increase at the mere idea of Ryder getting word that Miles had said Steve loves him. He knew it wasn’t true, but that wouldn’t stop Ryder from thinking so. So he had to correctly address that before the woman went off talking about that.
Many miles away, from which all transcended time, a voice the sound of a soft breeze whistling through the trees spoke into the night.
Rhodey bit the inside of his cheeks.
Tony chuckled at that. “I don’t think that will go over well with your teammates.”
Steve nodded. “Yes, it’ll be fine. We’ll both be fine. We were teammates first, if nothing else,” Steve said and immediately wishes that he hadn’t. Tony grimaces and turns his head, so it’s no longer facing Steve.
But Tony didn’t want Steve suffering from a lack of sleep, especially knowing that Fury was probably going to want mission reports due within the next two days. So Tony ran his fingers over Steve’s eyelids and gently hushed him.
“Screw the public,” Clint ground out. “Come on Phil, you can’t honestly think that bringing in Tony will help.”
Bucky had no doubt about that. He knew and now the others were about to realize just how ruthless Steve could get, when someone came across a person he loved. Bucky had been there on two separate occasions and without a doubt, Bucky knew this would be the worst one.
He went to the door, but not before looking at Tony once more. Tony watched as three other people came in, one face familiar from before. Tony wondered how many people Ryder had to call upon and whether they belonged to this CMPNY.
Somewhere along, Steve realized he was no longer talking about his mom or Bucky, but instead about Tony.
“Alright Miles how are we feeling about chicken nuggets,” Tony questioned walking outside of the lab.
He went to Miles’ first and then Harley’s. Seeing no adult sized genius in there, meant that the third place he had to look for Tony was in his lab. And lo and behold said genius was in there, a sense of wild frenzy in his eyes.
“Brucie bear where have you been? How are you? There’s so many science things we have to do,” Tony listed. His eyes then traveled to the two people beside Bruce. He stepped away sharply and stared at the other two accompanying Bruce. “I see Thor. I see Loki. One of these two is not supposed to happen. Please tell me the correct answer Bruce.”
“No need to concern yourself with the logistics of it. Just know it gets the job done,” Miriam explained as she let the liquid travel down Tony’s throat.
Miriam shook her head. “I don’t think so. You know Ryder told me to get you clean. I am pretty sure he meant your whole body. Eva, Luka down.”
“Mr. Stark,” Peter whined aloud. “Please stop.”
“I can’t say I will always be happy to see your face and sometimes I may literally make you want to cry,” Tony said.
Rhodey who was still recovering, along with Pepper, Sam, Clint, and Sharon offered to stay. Thor wanted to go, but he really needed to keep an eye on Loki. Steve turned toward them.
Ryder tsked as Tony made a choking sound. “Oh calm down. Tony’s not giving me a blowjob…though I can say that he awfully looks good on his knees. I was surprised to find out you hadn’t rendered his services yet. But don’t worry he’s only being served the greatest liquor this limo has to offer. Oh Cali he’s chocking. Tilt his head back and make sure he catches every single drop.”
Harry nodded. “Okay, well is there anything else I can get you all?”
“I’m here. I’m here,” Steve whispered. Tony’s breathing was still a little haggard and it made Steve worry about the exertion he may be placing on his lungs. “Hey, sweetheart. Can you match my breathing?”
“Look, I know you and Steve are friends. So if you really want to stay and eat spaghetti with him that’s fine. I could just take an extra shift at the hospital,” Ryder explained softly.
Cali bit her lip and laughed humorlessly.
“Steve-”
“Don’t you want to know why I did all of this? They always do.”
After all, the Rogue Avengers had been able to do so…but-
Tony instead poured some apple juice for Miles and gave it to him. “No coffee, until you’re well into your 20s. Don’t want you relying on coffee like your old man. Trust me, it’s a hard habit to break.”
“Take off the rest of your clothes Tony,” Ryder commanded hands already loosening his belt.
Peter moved his head to the side, offering Tony his profile before directing his attention straightforward. “Why did you tell us that if we had a bully to come to you, or talk to you. After that meeting with Principal Davis you sat both me and Harley down to explain how we shouldn’t allow ourselves to be silenced by bullies, speak to someone if we’re in trouble, and all of this bullshit…when you didn’t even come to anyond about what was happening to you.”
“That’s not what I’m trying to do Natasha,” Clint hissed.
“And have you ignore my call?”
Ryder looked at Tony with a semblance of disgust as though he wasn’t the one to blame for Tony’s current state. Tony tried curling up into the corner of the bed and reached his hands to wipe of the cum that was beginning to dry on his face. He heard Ryder zip up his pants and walk toward the edge of the bed. He placed a hand on the back of Tony’s thigh and it took everything in him not to flinch. Tony held still as Ryder slowly massaged his thigh.
Tony immediately grew serious. “Steve why didn’t you tell me? I wouldn’t have led you to this ride if I had known…I…crap Steve.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Did you know Aunt Nat is teaching her some cool new trick that…”
So he was trying to come up with a plan, when he became hungry. Shuffling toward the kitchen, he began to walk slower as he heard Tony’s voice echo in the hallway leading to the kitchen. Making sure he went unseen, he pressed his ear forward to hear Tony’s conversation.
“It’s not okay,” Peter rasped. “It’s hard because I still wake up expecting to look at my calendar and mark down another day you’ve been missing. And I’m trying to get…to get over this fear of getting a call from Aunt May saying no one’s found you.”
“Who was that,” Steve tried offering nonchalantly.
“We thought the first time Miles sees you again, it shouldn’t be like this. We wanted to wait a bit at least until you felt a little better,” Steve explained.
He desired for someone to want and need him. He had that with Ryder. Ryder demonstrated to him that he wanted him and truly needed him because no one else could be with him. Tony knew this for what it was then. He hadn’t told anyone what happened in that unnamed place, but he had told himself what happened wasn’t a dream no matter how many times it had a recurring presence in his nightmares.
“I don’t know.”
“But, since you’re so under the impression that I’m weak and you can take me on how about you just prove to me you can do just that. And I’ll prove to you that I have a dark side and you better pray that I can recover enough that your body will be recognizable when I’m done with you,” Steve rasped.
“Your Uncle Rhodey is such a silly man,” Tony said drawing away. “Let’s say we go get you some real food, hmm? No more soggy crackers.”
Tilting his head up to the ceiling, he let the water hit his neck. He let it wash away the bloody finger prints that had wrapped across his neck in Ryder’s last ditch effort to get a semblance of dominance.
Natasha frowned. “I honestly have no idea what you’re talking about.”
“We don’t require payment. We do this to please Dr. Ryder,” Miriam announced.
“Yes, you do. Come on Tony. Do you love him?”
Isak smirked.
“Whatever rocks your boat, Steve.”
Had he done something at the Christmas Charity Gala, when Miles had come to them asking for help in finding his baba.
He walked out of his bedroom and headed a few doors down to Miles’ bedroom. He just wanted to check on his son and make sure he was sleeping okay. It was the first week that Miles had not insisted on sleeping in Tony’s room.
He began mumbling to himself. “It’s not true. It’s not…Was it true?” Ryder questioned. “What Tony said about this…It couldn’t be true, could it about the pill? Because he wouldn’t do that to me. He loves me. He would never do anything to hurt me. You think you might have-”
Pepper twisted her body so it was directly in front of Rhodey. “It’s just every person that Tony has been with he can’t stop talking about them. He talked about Linda every single time we saw him. Talked about how loud she ate, her nice perfume, and things. He talked about Davis’ love of any type of bread, how he had a birthmark the shape of an elephant on his upper thigh, and other things we didn’t necessarily want to know. Hell he even talked about Steve as though he thinks we didn’t know he had a crush on him way back when.”
Oh, yeah Ryder.
“I want to talk to you,” Tony said, his forehead pressed against Steve’s neck. “I do…I just don’t know how.”
So Tony continued.
Tony didn’t know how he found himself here. He truly didn’t know how in the world he was at his current position. No, in fact he knows exactly how he got into this position. It’s because the world genuinely had it out for him.  Seriously, out of all the places in the world he never imagined he would be here.
“Please at least don’t leave a mark. My wife likes me the way I am,” Isak laughed, all seemingly unconcerned with the knife currently pressed on his lower lip.
Steve’s arms tightened around Tony with an intent that Tony was completely down for. Tony gave a slight shift in movement, the result being Steve’s short gasp of breath. Tony smirked smugly.
“Come on Tony. Just one more piece,” Steve begged running after Tony.
“I doubt that will happen. I’m just going to the movies,” Peter stressed.
“No-” Tony said, the refusal stuck in his throat.
“Oh, please don’t threaten me with a good time,” Ryder purred.
“Is this because of Steve?” Ryder questioned spitefully. “How many times do I have to get it into your supposed genius brain that he will never love you? You think him coming back after leaving you is a sign of love? I am going to make you love me and only me, once you realize that I’m all you have.”
“Let me know if it ever gets too much and I’ll take a look at it and make adjustments,” Tony told him.
And to be rather frank, he hadn’t ever wanted to see this man again in his life. However, he would much rather isolate them than have him stay where his family was.
Steve shook himself of his thoughts correcting his question.
“Agreed. Ryder felt pleasure and no remorse in his actions. Your actions were misguided and we all effectively hurt each other, but we’re learning. And I know you…you would never maliciously hurt anyone. So Steve don’t let him fool you into believing yourself as something you are not. It’s a disservice to you and Tony.”
He remembered nights spent in that room, his own hands clutched tightly around Tony’s pillow as Natasha ran her fingers through his hair, her own eyes unable to close for sleep. He remembered Clint, after calling to check on his wife and kids, crawling into Tony’s closet and making a makeshift shelter in there composed of his clothes and other various items Tony had somehow mistakenly put in there…they once found a toaster amongst his shoes.
Tony quickly backtracked. “No, bambino. No that doesn’t mean they love you. No one should hurt you, ever make you cry.”
“Promise,” Miles sniffled hands clutching Natasha even tighter.
“The traitor. FRIDAY disable Cap’s code. No one gets to tell me how long I can work,” Tony huffed, rubbing at his eyes tiredly.
“I was the one who taught you how to drive a car. I was the one who brought you home-made soup, when you were sick. I went to your awards’ ceremonies. So you may have all of these bad thoughts about me, but they will always be matched with all the good I did for you. And that’s going to conflict you for the rest of your life.”
Thor wished that he could communicate with the gods right now and find a way to strike lightening into the heart of Ryder. He wondered if he would be allowed for Loki to use his bit of mischief against the man.
“You don’t have to be physically strong in order to manipulate someone. And surely as his brother, you were a victim of this covert manipulation as well. It probably started off as emotional manipulation and or abuse. Your brother was a masochistic. He was verbally, physically, and mentally abusive. And for you to defend him is for you to be complacent in his actions. I am sure neither your wife nor children will appreciate you supporting your brother’s actions.”
“So please, don’t destroy the little bit of family I have left. Because next time Rhodey and I might not be fast enough. And I’d really hate to be giving you this speech again, when I would also have to make time for making a eulogy.”
A few more minutes passed with this cartoon of fish creatures singing a song about being friends. Bucky remained slightly intrigued by this little song-filled cartoon show. Everything was so bright and Bucky felt he needed a bit of brightness right now. As he was getting further interested in the show, he felt Tony’s heavy glare focused on the side of his forehead.
“Really,” Clint said.
Miles looked up at them and seemed to contemplate the decision, before saying proudly, “No, I have to be grow up and be tall so I can ride the rollercoaster Peter and Harley ride. Sorry, dad.”
Rhodey broke away, eyes glistening for a few second.
“Everything,” Tony tiredly answered.
Steve chuckled at the easy acceptance of his compliment and Miles took out different colors and compared them with the two they decided upon. They finally reached the decision that they would do silver. The two began coloring and Miles discussed how much fun he had on his trip. He told him all about LEGOLAND and how Tony fell into a duck pond. He told Steve not to tell Tony he knew, but his Uncle Rhodey had pictures.
Once Steve had gotten his fill, he stood up and checked the parameter. He wanted to make sure they hadn’t missed anything of Ryder’s. At first they were contemplating whether they would move all of Tony’s stuff to a different room. However, they all knew how attached Tony was to this certain room overlooking the horizon and the buildings before him. Tony had picked this room for a reason. It would seem wrong to make a decision like changing his rooms, without Tony’s input.
“That isn’t what you said in your police statement,” Steve said picking up the black folder and flipping to the document, which detailed the gory event. “Tim Deaver, age 12. Recount of the event…”
“Coffee bambino. And no you’re too young to have coffee. Wait a couple of more years.”
Tony laughed leaning back and taking more of Steve, raising Steve’s hands briefly to settle on the place over his heart.
“I thought you had Pepper and Rhodey though,” Steve questioned, looking down at him.
But then he turned toward Steve and saw silent acceptance and eyes telling him to keep going.
“Nonsense,” Karen said, waving her hand dismissively in the air and stopping Tony from having any sense of guilt. “We were taken care of. Every time you visit you make sure that we have enough to last us a few months.”
Tony smiled back and turned his attention back to Steve, who had since then settled Tony back onto his feet. Tucking a stray curl behind his ear, Steve leaned ever so slightly as though contemplating whether he could close the distance.
“So you’re the intern?” Steve questioned.
Clint and Bucky had settled on some Cake Wars show. Steve also became intrigued in the show and they all watched it with conversation filtered in on how they wondered if those cakes actually tasted good.
Ryder scrunched up his face at Tony’s suggestion. “Oh, Tony. I hate that you think you’ve been placed in a situation where you can make suggestions.”
“No, Bucky I’d love for you to come,” Steve reassured. “Also it’ll do some good to get you out and back acclimated into civilization.”
“Bucky?” Sam questioned. “From what I’ve experience he doesn’t really talk and the times he does talk I wish he hadn’t.”
Natasha shrugged. “I think that sometimes there is someone better for you than the person you’re in a relationship with. For example the person dating the one you love could be after their family’s small business in hopes of tearing it down and building a hotel. But you’re watching from the outside seeing how this person doesn’t really care for the one you’re in love with. So you start making plans to be that one, the one. Because even if they don’t know it yet, you’ve always been there and will always be there for them.”
“Tony you can’t think like that,” Pepper said. “It’s doing a disservice to you.”
“And Mr. Stark,” Cali said.
He wanted Steve.
Sam gave Steve a look as if to say, “See what you want to avoid?”
“Babysitting,” Tony said as he placed Miles on his lap and fixed the game for him. “He’s from Karen’s orphanage and was sick so I volunteered to watch him for the past few weeks so she could focus on all the other kids.”
Five days had passed and Steve thanked everything that it was a fast five days. Now he was here in the interrogation room at SHIELD, eagerly waiting to get the proceedings on. This is what had filled both his dreams and his nightmares for the past few days. On some occasions, he had to wrap himself even tighter around Tony as he slept.
He knew how Tony felt about anyone in this field. He didn’t feel comfortable around him and the amount of people with cameras in there made him extremely nauseated. His eyes settled on Pepper and she seemed just as angry. Her fingers were flying angrily away at her phone no doubt finding a way to get these journalists away from Tony or at least find a way to confiscate their phones, cameras, or any other recording devices for the time being. When he she looked back up, she sent him a sympathetic glance and in turn Tony nodded in thanks.
When Tony noticed that Ryder had followed him, he turned around and walked toward him. Tony hadn’t really had a chance to talk to Ryder, since he had surprised him. However, seeing him there made him realize that he should catch up.
“Oh, I am quite the opposite,” Steve said. He placed his hands on opposite ends of the chair Ryder was in. “I’m just getting started.”
Helen stopped talking and looked at all of them. Everyone paused, breath being forced out of their lungs knowing fully well what Pepper was asking.
Instead he choose to lean languidly against the door frame, arms crossed loosely against his chest. There was a moment of stillness as he looked at Tony’s face lit by the cool hues that radiated off of the StarkPad and listened to the muted voices on the television. Tony only became alert to his presence as Steve rasped his knuckles gently against the door frame, alerting Tony that he was here.
Shuri nodded, sad that Peter felt this burden. “I know.”
Bruce shook his head. “The big guy and I need to get Tony back. We’re not staying home doing nothing.”
Steve grimaced and took the offered rings again. Mentally, he began prepping himself.
A tear fell down as he looked at his bags. He reached inside of one and took out a square box. Reaching inside he pulled out the bracelet that he had given Tony. He ran his hands over the smoothness of it.
Steve shook his head then answered aloud. “Uh, no. He didn’t.”
Steve closed his eyes at the touch and moved his hands to Tony’s waist. Tony could almost see the blush fighting against the dirt on his cheeks as Clint gave out a whistle and Natasha began a slow clap. Both of them ignored the input from their teammates and just focused on each other.
A few moments of tense silence followed. Rhodey handed the paper back to Tony who let it rest on his lap. Pepper had turned her attention to Miles who was slowly dozing off. Neither of them knew what to say. Pepper had a few feelings that Steve liked Tony, but every time she mentioned it to Tony he brushed it away. Now, Steve said he loved Tony and Pepper wasn’t sure about that. Before the Accords she would have been planning the wedding, but she still had reservations especially with him leaving.
Steve sighed. “Sorry, it’s just I haven’t gone down that fast since…well.”
“Oh, and leave the door cracked please,” he shouted after them. Peter nodded and left the door slightly open.
“It’s no problem. Maybe one day I could cook for you or you know help out,” Tony admitted softly running his fingers over his silverware.
He walked everywhere and he kept running sweating hands over his jeans. His eyes kept looking around him as though waiting for Ryder to pop out of nowhere and take him to that place again. Tony felt his chest grow light and a head ache start to form.
“I’m so sorry,” she said reaching forward again to peel away the purple and fading patches.
“Welcome again to the annual Stark Charity Christmas Gala. I was going to have this whole introduction, which I thought was entirely endearing, but Pepper has insisted that it is not appropriate for the younger ears here tonight,” Tony joked. “Especially Mrs. Goldman.”
The last statement was muttered so softly, that if it weren’t for Steve’s enhanced hearing he wouldn’t have heard what Tony had said. His heart lurched at the idea that Tony had been dealing with this, since he was found.
Steve looked down at the most recent text he had from Peter, making sure that he was at the correct location. He pulled his ball cap down over his eyes, an inconspicuous cover he hadn’t managed to change despite everyone on the team constantly telling him it was obvious. But it must not have been, since no one had yet to call out his name asking for an autograph or selfie.
“It’s Steve.”
This was going to be a mission that was for sure.
“So he’s in custody. Is that all?”
The door opened and the two quickly broke apart. Steve instinctively pushed his body in front of Tony. Tony looked up and then pushed away, once he saw who it was.
“Just let me work toward getting my wife and kids back Tony, please. Then I can get my brother back too,” Clint tried. “I’ll stop pushing you away and being an abrasive asshole. I promise.”
“Oh dear I’m often right about a lot of things more oft than not,” a sultry voice replied. “I must ask you to be more specific.”
“I’m making a trip to the orphanage. It’ll do you some good to get out, so you’re going to come with me. I would let you go straight to the tower, but I want to actually make sure you don’t somehow be stupid and talk yourself out of it. So you’re going to be fucking attached to my hip. Also do something with that beard. You’re starting to look like a stalker out of some lifetime horror movie.”
“You assume I went to Norway because I was scared of my brother?”
“Don’t be sorry sweetheart.”
Bruce and Thor may be making appearances later though. See y'all next Saturday.
“Can’t wait,” Tony gasped, bouncing downward onto Steve who was moving his hips up in an agonizingly slow pace.
“Benedici il CMPNY,” the voice proudly repeated before hanging up the phone.
“Already have someone waiting for us,” Ryder exclaimed as he walked outside to a black car with equally black tinted windows. “Get inside.”
“Fuck,” Natasha whispered to herself. “What did they give you Tony? Can you tell me what they gave you? What these patches are?”
Suddenly, he felt chills break through his body. Even though the lights were on he could feel darkness start to claw its way up the four walls. His chest heaved up and down. Trembling fingers pressed against his chest as though it could still its fast movement.
“Of course not,” Pepper whispered. “Tony has told me that on multiple occasions.”
FRIDAY repeated the question.
Steve stepped back, but still clasped his hand on his neck. Isak took this as a go ahead.
Tony gasped aloud. “You lied! You said two at the most.”
“There’s nothing about you that is fair,” Olivia, a nine-year old girl, who was actually Marley’s sister, said.
“You look like someone’s pulling your teeth,” Pepper chuckled as she situated Miles on her lap. “Listen Tony, you know what your heart desires. If at the end of the day you feel weightless and your heart is singing in your chest, because of Steve then feel hopeful and pursue that hope.”
Steve strangely felt a sense of Déjà vu and called to mind the time that Tony had woken up from a nightmare and told Steve not to leave.
He lifted his eyes up. “But every time it felt like a lie, as the days went by. I’m so sorry. I’m so so sorry,” he said lip trembling. “I thought this is it another person in my life gone. And I got so angry. So angry that you never told us.”
“If she doesn’t comply,” Clint questioned.
“Oh, we can’t leave yet. We’re waiting for Ryder,” Steve said putting down the magazine.
“I’m not suggesting anything. I am simply stating what is on the paper. I make no assumption, but only say what is on the paper.”
Bucky went closer to him, already knowing what was happening. Natasha followed Bucky’s movement. Bucky reached out with his flesh hand and pressed it against Steve’s neck.
“I don’t want to talk about this anymore. Not right now, not tonight,” Tony said stiffly.
“Well, I knew Tony since he was a tiny squirt at MIT,” Rhodey said, dipping his name into the hat.
He stumbled.
“Yes, he has.”
Doesn’t mean that stopped him from wanting them back…he’ll even accept Bucky.
“You should have tried harder.”
Steve looked hopefully at her. Natasha grabbed his chin lightly and repeated the mantra of in and out. Steve managed to match her breathing and slowly felt the tightness in his chest loosen up.
“Steve you can’t just tell him you’re going to take him to see his mom,” Natasha told him. “You need to have your information with Karen and you need to be safety trained, which you aren’t.”
“I told you to bring a jacket, but like a child you refused. Deal with the consequences and learn from them,” Natasha claimed bringing her bag closer to her body.
Tony had often admired how even though Miles wasn’t biologically his, they still shared the same genius as though they were.
Next update will arrive this March 16 because I have to work at a film festival next weekend and won't be near my computer. (But be rest assured I have made certain precautions to make sure I actually update after all we only have three more chapters to go!!!!).
He figured now was as good time as any.
“People break up all the time Tony. Maybe Ryder’s not right for you. Maybe Steve is or isn’t. However, I want you to think of the two of them. Decide which one you couldn’t see yourself living without.”
Rhodey shook his head and without even saying anything left outside. His eyes widened, scared that he had done something to get Rhodey to leave. He swallowed the lump in his throat at Rhodey’s disappearance. He wanted to ask what he did to get him to leave.
He needed confirmation that no one would leave him again. He wanted confirmation that someone wanted and needed him without the added expectations of Tony giving them something in return or with Tony receiving bruises.
“You loved him?” Ryder said, his voice matching Tony’s softness.
The phone rang for a few seconds, before Tony’s “Hello” sounded through.
When Tony went back to the gymnasium, the only ones who were still there were the interviewees and Principal Davis. Principal Davis seemed to be commending them on handling themselves well and interacting with the guest speaker nicely.
He stepped to Tony and picked him up in a hug. Tony smiled at the affection, but remembered that breathing was a thing and Thor was just always a little too enthusiastic with his hugs.
“Just talk to me sweetheart,” Steve replied back, wrapping his arms tightly against. “We can figure out the rest as we go, together.”
“Clint stop it,” Natasha hissed.
“Think of it as an early present,” Leauna smiled cheekily, pinching at Tony’s cheeks softly.
Miles scrunched up his nose and crossed his hands over his arms. “No.”
Apologies for no chapter last week life happens, you know? Also there will probably not be a chapter update next week because I'm trying to study for finals *sobs*
Tony smiled. No one said anything else as the sun began to set before them. Though their minds and hearts were heavy from the conversation, they didn’t allow it to weigh them down.
“Tony you’re not being fair to yourself-”
And if Steve waited any longer to hop in the shower, Tony might actually fall asleep.
“Please do explain oh mighty one how I have been making a fool out of you,” Tony spat out.
“You don’ love me no more.” Miles whispered. “Sally said we come back here when our daddies and mommies didn’t love us no more.”
Unfortunately, he could not settle on the implications of this extended guardianship position as his eyes focused on a familiar face standing near the front desk. He widened his strides and walked to the figure.
Ryder quickly grabbed Tony by the waist and brought him closer. Under his breathe he threatened, “It would be best if you do not finish your statement. You are going to go inside and say that you forgot that we are supposed to be spending a few days at my parents. Find a babysitter for that kid and you and I are going to take a trip.”
“What are you laughing at? What is so amusing to you Rogers?”
He winked at the older woman, who blushed. Her husband playfully waved his fist in the air toward Tony. Tony smiled brilliantly at the crowd once again.
He leant back and patted his cheek, sharply. He turned his shoulder away and began to exit the room.
“I am here to provide legal counsel and to soothe out and question and concerns you all may have in regards to the Accords,” Isa said soothing out the wrinkles in her skirts.
“Oh, he hears you, but I’m afraid his mouth is currently occupied,” Ryder said around a moan.
“You…you promised no marks that would be visibly. You pr-promised,” Tony said rising from his curled position to look angrily at Ryder.
“Then what Steve? Tell me. Because people keep on leaving and I must be doing something wrong. So help me Steve. What have I done so wrong in the past few weeks to get you to leave?” Tony finally whispered growing closer to Steve. “Why are you leaving me?”
“Thanks for checking in. I’m fine. You can tell Ryder or not. I don’t care.”
Steve nodded. “I did. I’m sorry.”
Winston grabbed his free arm and dragged the tip of his cock against Tony’s hole. Tony tried clenching his legs and stopping them from spreading. Ryder laughed.
“Fine, show me this car of yours.”
Steve rocked forward, pitching Tony down lower onto him. “Well, I’m already in the lead. And I’m not known for falling behind.”
Steve shook his head. “I know. I know, you forgive me. I know we’ve talked and we’ve developed a strong communication. We’ve grown into one another. I’ve molded the best parts of myself into loving you. When I got the serum, Dr. Erskine said I was a good man. I don’t know, if I ever truly believed him. But with you I try my hardest in being that good man, someone deserving of the love you freely give to others.”
Steve’s stomach had been perfectly fine.
“Protect me from what?” Tony repeated stepping closer to Steve.
“Ryder manipulated you at a time where you were feeling vulnerable and he knew exactly just how to make everything fall into place. He knew that the people you trusted, your friends, your family had all but gone off to separate corners of the world.”
Ryder set his phone down and smiled. He had seen his past actions and knew what he needed to do. He had already prided himself on being a fast learner. And he certainly had no patience in the desire to see Tony’s destruction.
Steve shook his head, still trying to understand what Bekah was saying. “Yes, I understand wanting to make a difference globally, but you can do that here close to your children.”
Clint rolled his eyes. “If we see him. He’s probably still holed up in his lab. Be surprised if he comes up to give us a hearty welcome.”
“I’m pretty sure we have to go through height check,” Steve announced looking at the height check toward the middle of the line.
Steve chuckled and murmured his agreements.
Steve wanted to know why, but figured that he shouldn’t be pushing his luck right now. So he refused and just continued talking with Tony. While there were still some awkward silences and moments of tension, the hours passed before their eyes.
Steve looked toward a sleeping Tony and debated how he should answer Ryder. If he said yes, that would at least ease Ryder’s worry that Tony was in trouble. If he said no, that would increase Ryder’s worry.
Pepper shook her head quickly at him. “What Rhodey means to say is that planning is nice. You love doing everything big and I’ll help you plan things once the time comes.”
Steve frowned. “Now wait just a minute Bucky…I’m a 100% in this. I’m sorry if I gave you the impression that I wasn’t. I don’t have doubts about anything. I talked to Tony and explained my intentions and I’m not going to go back on them. I know what I want and what I want is him. I don’t need anyone else telling me what I want, or feeling the need to encourage me because I’ve known this feeling ever since I started to know Tony.”
“Michelle. Nice to meet you Mr. Stark. I would apologize for Peter’s rambling and lack of an appropriate grammatical sentence structure, but I assume you are used to that,” Michelle dryly said slightly amused by Peter’s flailing.
yet have you?” Tony questioned.
needs a bedtime.
“Do you want the president to have unchecked power and just dictate over our lives?”
At some point Tony had stepped aside to lean against the rooftop wall. He smiled and released a breath. Steve came beside him, after noticing that Tony had stepped away for a second.
Tony liked it better, when he didn’t apologize.
He went through several exercises, still not feeling the need to cause damage leave his body. He didn’t even feel it leave, when Bucky offered to spar with him. During his sparring, he hadn’t even noticed his arm swinging to Bucky’s left causing him to fall harshly onto the floor.
“Hey, Brucie bear,” Tony chimed, blowing him a kiss. “Aren’t you looking devilishly handsome today.”
Harley helped pour Miles some cereal and then poured some for himself. Seeing Tony and Steve come in, he hopped into his seat. He started to hungrily wolf down his meal.
“How is it infinity, when it only has four,” Bruce coughed.
Tony pressed his lips firmly together and refused to let any drop of alcohol reach his tongue. Miriam tried again, but this time Cali tried assisting her by trying to open up Tony’s mouth. Neither were successful.
Clint looked at Steve’s crestfallen face and drew back. “Hey, I’m sorry I didn’t mean to drag all of this stuff up.”
Tony’s eyes widened, when he realized he had said aloud the last three statements. He closed his eyes, suddenly feeling like he was back in that moment. And all he wanted to do right now was curl into his bed and sleep forever.
A smile found its way on Tony’s lips as he remembered how Ryder had treated him so kindly upon realizing how truly patient Tony was with him. Ryder had never experienced that type of patience and understanding in his life before. Ryder had told Tony that. And who was Tony not to be understanding and patient with him? Everyone had flaws. Hell Tony had more than he could even count. So he could forgive him for these bruises if it meant Ryder would continue to say how much he needed and wanted him.
“Oh, well then I will have to stay for that.”
So Miles suddenly turning to Steve in hopes of getting the fruit snacks was not surprising. Tony shook his head at Miles.
Tony raised his hands away from the mound. “But Miles it will look so much cooler, if we make it into like a cool door for the entrance of the castle.”
Tony hoped that this was going to end the way he wanted it to. There was a reasonable sense of doubt that Ryder may just claim he is Isak. Then with the way Tony is leading him to believe that he truly misses him, then he may come to Tony one unsuspecting day and reveal himself.
“I’ll take you,” Fury offered.
“So don’t you want to know why?”
Bucky looked at his tea that was beginning to grow cold and shrugged his shoulders and wordlessly followed Tony into the den. Tony sat down on the couched and cued up a cartoon. He handed Miles one cookie and Bucky another. They all sat in a comfortable silence with the cartoon in the background.
Wanda closed her eyes in concentration. “I can’t…I can’t feel him at all. Usually, I can, but it seems like he’s blocked me. Vision they didn’t tell me there were people who could block me from entering their mind.”
They all took the elevator up to the conference room where Fury was supposed to have been waiting for them. The ride was silent and tense with nerves. Once the elevator dinged, they all stepped out and quickly faltered with who was waiting in the conference room.
“Steve, Steve, Steve.”
“I was losing everything and I didn’t know why. But I told myself that I would make things even. I would do good things and in turn get back what I didn’t deserve. So I’ve been trying to do good things so I can be shown a little favor. I’m here in America so that’s one thing. I’m meeting up with Laura and our kids in a little while. But I haven’t worked on anything good so that I can deserve to have you back. So I thought that I can push you away. I need to push you away because I’d rather not have you than not have my wife and kids.”
“Fine,” Tony said raising his arms. “You all are being super weird today and it’s freaking me out.”
“Nothing,” Tony bit. “Nothing you ignorant masochistic…”
“Yeah, you’re right. I guess I’m just stressing. Steve I’m starving,” Tony bemoaned. “I’d honestly eat the spaghetti cold at this point.”
“I can’t leave,” he choked. “Please, don’t make me leave.”
“Ryder,” Tony breathed out trying to exhale through the added pressure.
Julie had come back into the waiting room, hearing the commotion. Her eyes zeroed in on Harley and the doctor. She tried seeing who she should direct her attention toward and settled on Harley. She pulled him into a hug and Harley awkwardly let her do so. Natasha walked toward the two of them and whispered to Julie. Julie nodded and led him away to the trains.
“Well, I’m going to go get more,” Sam said. “I’ll be back.”
Bucky tried to hide the surprise at being addressed. “Umm, I’m good.”
Tony swallowed and averted his gaze. Not quite knowing how to respond, he stuffed a spoonful of soup in his mouth. Steve was completely fine with it. The two relaxed in the silence of the room, comfortable with just each other’s presence. Tony felt his back relax against the headboard and Steve sat up closer to Tony.
Steve noted how neither Bucky nor Natasha made any moves to stop him. Perhaps they knew there was no stopping Steve or perhaps just like Steve they hadn’t cared too much for the rules Fury had placed in motion anyways.
“Which is a reason that Pepper gave me a code to make sure you never are allowed in your lab after you go beyond twelve hours at a time,” Steve replied back. “No one is supposed to stay awake that long.”
“It’s been one day, Nat.”
Tony stared, his mind almost going blank as Pepper said abuser. Abuser. He hadn’t really thought of Ryder like that. Sure, Ryder was physically, emotionally, and verbally violent at times…at many times of their relationship. But he had never said to himself…abuser, his abuser.
Mr. Moore smiled at him. “It’s quite alright Steve.”
“Okay thanks,” Tony answered grabbing Miles and taking him to the restroom.
“Oh, so he answered your call,” Ryder made a few noises under his breathe. “Did he say why he wasn’t answering my calls?”
Clint shrugged and leant close to Tony, so the others wouldn’t hear him this time. “Don’t worry I’ll sneak into the vents later and find our buildings and add some explosion thing to it. Come on, I know you like blowing things up in your lab. Let’s make it cool. We can even add glitter to it.”
“Stark.”
“Yeah, because ice cream is definitely the way to go.”
“I am so sorry you had to deal with them alone. I meant to be here on time. Please forgive me,” Isa exclaimed looking at Tony wearily.
He drew with Miles and redirected questions of when his baba was coming. He watched Pepper try to hide her shaking shoulders, when he stumbled upon her one morning. She had hurriedly wiped at the running mascara, offered a shaky smile, and turned away.
Peter wrapped his arms around himself. “I don’t like that answer.”
“Okay,” he whispered, but not really whispering.
And guys can I just say you may need to buckle your seats for the next few chapters because...well I'm not going to spoil anything
“Because if a man followed you out of retirement, he would follow your instructions to just be quiet,” Natasha rasped. “Tell him to stop.”
Peter clutched on tighter to him. “You can’t leave again. Miles needs you, we need you…I need you. Don’t…don’t keep us out again
“Yes, we’ll make sure to pack everything,” Tony agreed resting his head on Miles’ back.
Tony licked his lips and raised his arms to push away at the hands on him. “Ryder…stop.”
He began to stand up, but was once against stopped by
Karen’s eyes widened.
Cali opened her mouth, but quickly shut it and jumped off of the bed as Ryder came in. Only Winston and Miriam were there to follow him. The two of them sat in two chairs opposite of where Tony was. Ryder sat close to Tony and kissed his cheek. He leaned back and smiled at Tony. Tony wanted to snatch the smile off of his face.
“Ryder-”
Tony couldn’t admit to himself that Ryder had always been like this.
Tony turned to face her and mentally tried shielding his expression. “Yes.”
Despite all instincts telling Bucky to probe deeper into the reason for the reddening and beginning to bruise mark on Tony’s face, he remained silent in thought. He couldn’t say anything. For all he knew Tony did run into something in the lab. He hadn’t known the man very long, but the others often spoke about how clumsy Tony was.
Miles who had found a spot on Steve’s lap now leaned over to crawl into his lap and rested his head against Tony’s collarbone. He sleepily gestured toward the coffee cup Tony had resting at the table.
“No ba’ino,” Miles said his voice muffled by the bed sheets.
“So I could adopt him? Like he could be mine?” Tony whispered afraid to hear the answer.
“Okay, misguided idiots,” he corrected. “Maybe when all this has cooled down you should go take some time off for yourself. You’ve been dealing with everything for the past six months. I don’t know maybe you and Ryder should just go on a vacation. Or go on a vacation by yourself. Do whatever it takes to make sure you’re emotionally, physically, and mentally healthy,” he said. “Or I’ll send Mama Rhodes your way.”
He grabbed his clothes and went toward his bathroom and softly closed the door. He stepped out of his clothes and slowly eased his aching body into the shower. As the warm water traveled over sore shoulders, Tony looked down to see his skin beginning to redden from where Ryder’s grasp had been too tight on his hip.
Bucky frowned. “Please don’t tell me you told him that.”
Clint waggled his eyebrows. “What do you mean by personal? Did you confess your undying love to Tony? I bet that was romantic. You probably cried.”
“I’m with Ryder.”
“Miles, now remember what we told you. ‘Kay?”
Tony looked up to Steve, eyes bright with unshed tears. He looked back down toward the bracelet not wanting Steve to see him cry.
Miles shook his head. “Baba don’t be mad at Peter. I hide the cookies for a long time, then eat them,” Miles said smiling brightly with a crushed cookie in his hand. “Want one?”
Steve ran his fingers through his hair and let out a small huff of laughter. Reaching out, he squeezed Bucky’s shoulder in comfort. “You’ll let me know, if you need anything. Yeah?”
“I wasn’t going to do that. The last thing Tony needs is to be kept somewhere confined,” Steve grit out, mind flashing back to how Steve had found him in that hospital.
“Just think about how it will feel when you’re inside of him and you can feel yourself right here,” he said interlacing his fingers with Winston’s.
Fuck.
At first it had been his skills in battle. Then when he learned about his art, Tony was always commissioning him for something to put in his lab even if it was just a sketch of DUM-E. Tony would smile at him, brightly eyes searching to make sure Steve was alright and taken care of.
Tony coughed and struggled for breath. His body shook with tremors. Afghanistan. Dark. Alone. He couldn’t stop those tremors or stop the whine coming from the back of his throat.
“I didn’t mean-”
Steve walked away with not even a second glance back to the nurse. Tony pulled his blanket off of his face slowly to look at Steve in barely hid amusement.
“I don’t know what your problem is with Tony, but I suggest you figure it out and then apologize. Tony had done nothing to deserve your hate or rude comments,” he said then left. “We’ll talk more about this later.”
Tony had told Steve to create a personal message system, but Steve told him the one he had was phone.
Thor smiled brightly to Steve. “Shield brother you have grown a bear! It sits nicely on your face.”
As he went down to the first floor he bumped into a flustered Natasha.
“Pepper can you take the kids and watch them,” Steve said. “And can you see if any journalists were able to get any information. There has to be someone that stayed behind and might have taken pictures that may be helpful.”
Nick stood and said to them all, “Well it looks like you all have a decision to make. Don’t make the stupid one.”
His therapist would be happy for that.
“Love you too,” Tony brightly said.
“At ease soldier,” Tony joked. “I’m just joking. But chocolate bananas are also disgusting just so you know. Bananas are the most horrible fruit in the world.”
Harley crossed his arms and pouted, slumping back in his seat. “Not funny guys. This is a serious dilemma I am now having to think about.”
But it would be better if Steve walked away, just so he would see how…see how Tony doesn’t exactly know.
Steve forced his body to stop the warm spread of heat travel this his body as Tony’s breath ghosted across his jawline.
The tension slightly broke in the room for a few seconds, before Pepper looked back toward them seriously.
“This looks awfully a lot like a date,” Ryder exclaimed angrily as he came upon Steve and Tony. “Is there something I should be made aware of?”
Pepper smirked. “Same. Not the movie, but I am waiting to see when you go on a first date with Miranda. Ah, don’t try to hide that smile now. Why are you smiling all secretive like that?”
Eva rolled her eyes and titled the corners of her lip in an amusing smile. “I know he would eventually cave.  Now go have fun Isak. Dinner will be ready, when you two are back.”
Tony screwed his face up in confusion and Steve watched the adorable way his nose scrunched up. Tony tilted his head to face Ryder.
Ryder turned toward him and grinned broadly. Tony returned the smile rather a bit shaky. Ryder didn’t seem to notice. When they arrived at this hotel venue, Ryder opened his door then quickly walked over to the side that Tony was on. Tony began to open his own door, but was stopped by Ryder opening it.
“You even fit the height requirement!” Steve joked as he began walking away.
He didn’t notice the other Avengers moving around them, their faces tired yet joyous at the same time. Their voices were muted against the backdrop of Steve and himself. Tony stepped closer and felt his hands reach out to rest upon Steve’s chest, as though trying to make sure his heart was still beating.
Ryder elected not to hear that.
Ryder scowled. “Then today will be the day I let you know.”
Natasha looked between the two and slowly smiled. Tony would have been slightly scared, if Natasha hadn’t seemed amused and slightly happy. Natasha cracked the door open a little further and motioned for Tony to stand up. Tony did so and Natasha adjusted his clothing then did the same for Steve.
, Steve thought happily. Though he crushed that thought as soon as it landed in his head. “Or do you prefer this side.”
Once he made it, he parked his car and left to go to the airport pickup.
“You still love me,” Tony said, mouth pressing against Steve’s collarbone. “Even if I puked on you.”
“Oh, dear brother you wound me. That shouldn’t be the way you treat family,” Ryder scoffed. “I am so sorry that you must be meeting me like this. Usually, my brother and I get along rather well. I fear that absence has not made the heart grow fonder.”
“Yeah, I’m doing wonderful. I just wanted to take a second and look. Get a snapshot,” Tony said, looking up at Steve calling back to the moment where Steve had said he wanted to remember these moments here forever.
“I’m sorry. I do love you and it was very mean for me to leave you. I thought you would like it better with your friends here and everything. I don’t have a lot of things at the Tower.”
Ryder stayed beside him most nights. He would curl into the spot behind Tony and tell him about his day. He would tell him how he went to the boy’s school to observe Winston. He told him how he went by the tower and on one even noticed.
He walked toward the bathroom and attempted ignoring the way his legs trembled as if wanting to collapse. He barely made it to the bathroom before he had to lean against the door and rest his head against the coolness of it.
“Oh, right. That was probably when you were off fantasizing about absent boy wonder. Wonder how he would feel knowing that one of his teammates had a little crush on him, since he was a toddler. Think boy wonder would take well to you lusting after him?”
“Aren’t you two supposed to be with Natasha?” Tony said trying to catch back his breath. Running away from Steve was an exercise in itself.
His fingers trembled and slipped off the button a lot of times before the shirt fell completely off of his shoulders. Tony held his face down and mentally coached himself not to cry. He called upon his father for this one time to give him strength not to cry.
“Yeah, fine,” Steve said calmly as though the statement hadn’t bothered him. In fact it truly hadn’t. “It’s fine because as long as your answer is no, that’s as long as I’m going to continue to fight for you. I’m a patient man.”
He let go of Miles’ small hands and watched him as he ran straight toward the slides. Standing up he walked to the nearest bench and sat down. Peter quickly followed behind him and sat down.
Steve stepped closer, anger spurring him on.
“For getting Steve to come back. The others would have never came back, if it weren’t for him. And I know Steve was only going to come back, if you were. So thanks umm for that.”
“I promise I’ll be better. I’ll do all the necessary steps to make sure that I don’t hurt you the way that everyone else has. I promise that I won’t leave you. I don’t want to be like them. Please don’t let me ever become like them…someone who just hurts you,” Ryder whispers leaning back and continuing to massage the back of Tony’s neck.
She was startled slightly by the use of English. However, she pushed that aside seeing as how he probably had not mentally switched back to Norwegian since he was last speaking to his brother. He shook and his red eyes bore into hers. Eva took note of the many tubes and came closer to him, offering him her hand.
A breath of silence, to gather what else he was going to say.
Tony sniffled and he wiped furiously at his eyes. “You all say this because you’re my friends. You have to like build my ego.”
Miles looked up to see what was taking so long for his baba to get him cookies. His eyes settled on the other person in the room. “Baba, cookies?”
Steve wouldn’t know what to do, if Tony were to answer his question with a yes.
“Ummm, I’m Ryder. Tony’s live in maid,” Ryder joked. But upon seeing no one had laughed, he cleared his throat. “Ah, his boyfriend. You can get Tony to vouch for me, when he gets back.”
Pepper shrugged unashamedly. “Hey, I’m not the parent. I’m just the fun aunt and I can indulge my nephew with a few things every now and then. Plus I also made sure he ate an extra serving of broccoli that night if you do recall.”
He didn’t have time to ponder and think about how he had been so blind. He needed to find Tony first and foremost and then he would let the guilt claw around him. But for right now he needed determination to consume him.
“Didn’t you say you started drinking coffee at six,” Natasha stated pouring some cereal into a bowl for herself and then pouring a smaller portion for Miles.
“Don’t worry, we’ll clean this all up,” Fury said. “Take care of Tony.”
“Ladies, please you don’t have to do this.” Tony winced trying to move so he could take off pressure from his throbbing shoulder. He looked to both of them, but then settled his gaze on Cali.
“Really?” Steve brightened, then tried in a softer more unaffected, “Really.”
“Yeah, well,” the kid said shuffling back.
Tony was so caught up in his memories, that he didn’t even notice Natasha coming into the kitchen and pouring the coffee that Tony had been brewing. He only noticed her, when he turned away from the refrigerator and saw her sitting down, blowing on her own cup of coffee.
Tony shook his head, deciding that he wasn’t about to disagree with Pepper right now. The three of them continued talking, until Rhodey did have to leave to make it in time to his PT. Pepper soon left after, once she was certain the boys were only a few minutes away. She didn’t want Tony to be by himself because she knew how much he hated hospitals, especially when he was the patient.
The girls all laughed, shaking in excitement and ready to explain just what they were about to do. That was up until Tony’s phone rang again.
Peter walked in just as they were queuing up the movie. Tony sat up from his spot beside Natasha and waved.
Natasha looked back at him and sighed. “Fine, just this once. Come on.”
“Sorry, I didn’t mean to say that aloud. I just…”
*Comes out of hiding to reply to comments and goes back into hiding in fear because...
He struggled against her, arms throwing about wildly nearing knocking her in the chin. She grabbed ahold of his arms and kept him steady. His body began to slowly lose its fight, no doubt being tired from whatever he had taken. Natasha slowly lowered his body until his head was resting on her lap.
Three weeks had gone by, since Tony had last seen Ryder. Three weeks had slowly passed by, spent with looking at blank ceilings as Steve tried coaxing him back to sleep. Tony had counted those three weeks, always noticing that the time was moving forward even if he felt like he was still in the same spot that he had been in. His therapist said it was okay to feel like this. Tony of course had greatly disagreed, citing the fact that he just needed to fucking move on. He was tired of these weeks draining him, how Ryder’s presence still lingered long after he had left.
Sorry, I have no other excuse than I got the little procrastination bug. Hopefully, 13k word chapter made up for it. Also I couldn't get all of Tony's past with Ryder during college in one chapter, so we'll be continuing that in next chapter as well and then we'll get to his last part of his talk with Steve :)
He supposed a man like him would have no reason to pretend…at least not anymore. Steve stepped forward, the presence of Clint and Bucky grounding him and the comfort of knowing Tony was safe where Natasha was watching over him gave him a sense of ease.
“Yeah, it is. I just want my family back. I’m sure you understand,” Clint said motioning toward Bucky, who had remained silent during their whole conversation.
“He never cut off the light on your floor,” Natasha admitted.
“You say that you wanted to sever all ties with him, yet you readily accepted him into your home and then went on a ride with him,” Steve addressed disbelievingly. “It doesn’t appear to me that you were all that separated from your brother as you say so. Leads me to wonder what exactly else you are hiding.”
Marley actually turned bright red.
Tony sighed. “What is with the interrogation today little spider?”
His hands hovered above his body not wanting to touch it…not wanting any evidence of what had happened when his eyes felt shut. A broken cry caught itself in Tony’s throat and almost choked him.
All Tony wanted to do was leave the comfort of this bed and curl up into his closet to hide. He wanted to submerse himself in that darkness in hopes that it could silence the thousand thoughts whirring through his brain.
The two voices carried off softly until Tony could no longer hear them. Tony watched as Harley led Miles toward the playroom. Once they were out of his line of vision, he narrowed his eyes toward Steve. Both of them remained silent. Tony, deciding that Steve wasn’t going to say anything, began to march to his lab. For a second he was sure that he wasn’t being followed at least until he heard Steve’s footsteps follow closely behind him. Without looking back he continued to head to his lab.
Steve curled his hands against Tony’s head and felt for the baby hairs at the nape of his neck. It took only a few seconds to recognize that Steve was crying. Tony raised his arms even more and curled them around Steve’s neck. Steve gasped out, the sounds seeming horrifying to his ears.
Steve heard a glass break and a body falling to the ground. Immediately he ran into the kitchen and spotted Tony lying on the floor, hands a bloodied mess. His head hung low on his shoulders and on his lap the palms of his hands were upturned. Steve stood looking at Tony as Tony brought his hand up to wipe away a tear.
“I had to do this all by myself Steve. I needed you all here and you all were gone.
Peter sighed. “Ned, I told you I intern with Mr. Stark.”
Steve turned sharp eyes to her. “Why should I?”
“He’s dead,” he cried into her shoulder. “He’s dead…I tried to stop him Eva. I did, but he wouldn’t stop going so fast. We didn’t even see the car. I tried. I tried so hard, Eva.”
“Captain,” FRIDAY repeated, patiently awaiting Steve’s answer. “Would you still like me to send a transmit to the Director at the Raft enabling the kill switch?”
“A Disney movie?” Steve offered.
“Thank you. You know I am all for originality. I mean after all I am Tony Stark,” he said trying to inflict every bit of confident arrogance he could into that statement.
When they made it to the hospital, the first thing they did was go to the front desk. Steve placed a hand on Harley’s shoulder. He noticed the trembling of Harley’s body.
Natasha looked delighted as can be and Steve looked as if he was moments away from kissing Tony again. Tony would let him.
“Do you even know how to make spaghetti?” Bucky questioned, coming up on Steve.
But if there was one thing Bucky had never forgotten was this.
A few minutes passed before he felt his phone vibrating in his jean pocket. For a brief moment he imagined it was Ryder asking why the three hour meeting was quickly veering toward five.
“Lunch is served. Now you two are going to babysit Miles while I go to the lab,” Tony instructed. “Also make sure your homework is finished.”
“Okay, well if-”
“Yeah, this letter just seems like a guy who feels like there’s competition,” Sam noted. “Doesn’t really seem like his letter has that much merit.”
“I thought you were straight,” Steve rasped out, pulling his chair closer to Isak. “I didn’t know straight guys could get…physically turned on by pictures of guys.”
Peter hung up the phone and handed it to Steve.
“Okay, fine. No more comments got it,” Rhodey exclaimed. “And continuing.”
Clint rolled his eyes and threw his feet onto Tony’s lap. Tony stared Clint down, but didn’t make any attempt to remove Clint’s cold feet. Peter smiled at the interaction, though small it was a move toward the teasing sibling relationship the two had before everything with the Accords went down.
“Unless, my conscious deems otherwise.”
“Is there anyone here in that circle?”
Fury agreed to all of this. “Of course.”
“Always,” Pepper said leaning over to hug him and Rhodey joined as well. “Have a nice night. Love you.”
P.S. So Steve will be fostering Harley for a short time as of now. Question is would you all rather Harley's mom pass away and he eventually be adopted into this growing family (like far down the line because well we've got things to work out first) or for his mom to make some miraculous recovery and he have a relationship with the others equivalent to Peter's relationship with Tony?
Tony looked quizzically at him. “Cake? No, Steve what on earth? Why are you acting like the kids or someone else is going to come up here at any moment. Calm down, babe.”
Pepper had helped him cover it up with an international SI meeting and saying that Ryder had been caught up in some illegal stuff and had been arrested. That was of course days before, they learned of his “death.” Then it was Dr. Deaver had passed away, while in prison.
“Ugh don’t remind me,” Tony teased. “Let’s just pretend that we only have to live for this spring break vacation.”
“No,” Tony answered. “Because there was never anything to tell him.”
He didn’t want more people leaving him anymore. He had gotten used to having everyone back.
It couldn’t be fear. He was a Stark and Stark men were not made of fear. He only knows because his father would yell that to him every single time Tony would come back from being kidnapped and asking his father why he hadn’t paid the ransom.
He had never been given a stuffed animal before. His dad had said if he couldn’t sleep without a teddy bear than perhaps he shouldn’t be sleeping at all and that was after he had ridiculed him from asking his mom could he have a teddy bear like his friend, Mara, had at show-in-tell.
Ryder looked about the room, for whatever reason Tony could not understand. No one was in the room and only he knew of who was really listening from outside of the room. Ryder kept his focus on the mirror, eyes peering into it as though it would reveal all that were behind him.
“But I’m done. Just thankful for everyone. I love you,” Tony exclaimed, kissing Steve briefly on the cheek.
“Aww, Captain you wound me. Have you never heard of the term pick on your own si-”
“I don’t know how long or how short it will take for this changes to take into effect. But I know they will. Gotta admit to yourself, all throughout this conversation, your limbs grew numb didn’t they?”
So Tony knew that the threat of picking him up would serve its purpose. The two walked slower and if it was because Tony wanted to drag out the walk to give him time to gather his thoughts…well no one would be the wiser. When they reached the living area, Tony scanned the room to find everyone already sitting down patiently waiting for Tony’s arrival.
killed me,” Steve rasped.
Steve wracked his brain for reasons and when he came to one, he really wanted to slap some sense into Bucky.
Natasha let the corners of her lips lift in a semblance of a smirk. “Bucky’s right. Plus I don’t know about you all, but I’m ready to go inside and see just what Tony’s been up to since we left.”
Just for once he wanted to ignore him.
The woman turned her attention to him. He cleared his throat. “It’s Ryder ma’am.”
“Were you eavesdropping?” Steve questioned, hoping that for once Harley’s curious nature didn’t lead him to investigate.
Steve was gutted at the spot. Tony’s eyes were all at once full of emptiness and desperation that Steve just know from looking into them. And he did. And by everything he wished that he could erase that expression and have stopped the reason from that expression ever existing in Tony’s eyes.
Steve gave two thumbs off and quickly left. Tony let small bursts of laughter shake his body. Water fell from his eyes as the laughter transformed. He didn’t know why he was crying. Any other time he would have been beyond thrilled. But he had Ryder and…
Steve had noticed that Miles, Tony, and Ryder had been gone a long time. He knew he had no reason to worry, seeing as though they were all together. Unfortunately, that didn’t stop him from looking around every few moments to see their bodies reappear in his line of vision. He remained at the table not willing to part ways from it until he could see Tony again. He didn’t want to wander away too far.
“Oh, okay,” Tony stuttered, but was quick to find himself again. “When are you coming back? I could probably arrange for Happy to be ready to pick you both up, when you all are done having boys’ night.”
“Sure, just say you’re an afraid little spider baby,” Shuri teased.
His shaking wouldn’t stop. His eyes started to loll back and his shoulders slump forward. Natasha narrowed her eyes and pressed her hand against Tony’s back. “I’m so sorry. You have to stay awake. Come on.”
Clint muttered something under his breath.
Miles had settled in his play pen that Tony had built in his lab. He originally didn’t want Miles to be in the lab, but he really needed to do work. So he built the best freaking play pen known to men. He should really start his own kids’ stuff company.
“It’s okay. I’m taking him home,” Steve said, gathering Tony in his arms.
Tony followed Ryder out of the ballroom with one final goodbye. When the two reached the front foyer, Tony took his phone to call Happy. However, his phone was snatched out of his hand by Ryder.
“You know we just had some questions in regards to your brother’s death and seeing as though not only were you his closet relative, but also with him at the time of death we thought we could ask you some questions,” Steve explained.
Leauna’s eyes twinkled in mirth.
“Ugh, you’re such a dad,” Clint laughed.
“Of course.”
He looked and saw the door was still cracked and that the television was providing a nice source of light.
Steve grabbed another bowl of soup, seeing as how the one Tony had been eating was empty. He had heard Tony’s stomach growl. Tony had waved him off saying he was fine, but Steve knew that whenever Tony’s body loudly admitted that it was hungry Tony really needed to get food or he would be found slumped over his work bench.
Miles at this moment decided to wake up and slap Ryder hand away from Tony. “No touch baba.”
I'm really sorry, but keep in mind this has a happy ending I promise!
“So maybe we just move forward slowly. I can’t trust you fully right now. I can’t really trust the team, but I know for the world we need each other. Maybe I’m losing my sanity or maybe I’m being selfish in wanting things to go back to normal.”
Tony sighed and began again.
When they arrived back at the Tower, it was quiet. Clint was on his floor preparing gifts for his children because he had no intention of coming empty handed, when he reunited with his family. Natasha was having a meeting with Phil and Fury in regards to something secretive. Natasha promised him she would tell Tony, if it was anything that concerned him.
“Okay, what did I do?”
“Didn’t want to bother you,” Tony replied looking at the schematics displayed before him. “Plus I don’t really trust the Avengers right now with babysitting duty.”
“You said you can help us find Tony?”  Steve said getting straight to the point. He hoped that this meant they were only a few seconds from knowing where Tony was.
Steve.
“Oh come on let me live out my dream of experiencing true love happen before my own very eyes.”
Bucky tilted his head back and closed his head. “It was a B.A.R.F. day so not the best, but I’ll survive. It’s been helping so…”
“But do you think it’s acceptable to try and break up Ryder and Tony?” Steve whispered not sure if he wanted to hear the answer. He wanted to fight for Tony and had a renewed strength running through his body. He realized that his time wallowing could’ve been spent getting closer to Tony. He was never one to run away from a fight. He shouldn’t have let this been the time he lowered his defense and walked away.
He mouthed “Hard” to him and Steve placed it down.
He remembered the sonnet his mom had spoken to him, whilst she was teaching Steve to read. Though they never had much the money to get a proper education, his ma had always been adamant to teaching him the power of love transformed and translated through language.
Isa chewed on her bottom lip then answered, “So far T’Challa, Rhodey, Vision, Spiderman, Scott, Sam, and Wanda have all signed. However, this is only the beginning. We’re getting news of other gifted individuals or superheroes as you would call them who are coming forward. Of course we are letting them have anonymity.”
“I don’t like this,” Tony exclaimed, running his hands through his stuffed animal’s fur. He needed to name this thing. “This thing got a name?”
Steve turned to him sadly eyes glistening with tears. Bucky waited for a response.
“Look he’s going to try to push you away. He’s going to have that fear that if you get close, you’ll leave again. He’ll have all of his walls back up again. He’ll say things to you that might make you want to pack your things, but you can’t. Do you understand?” Natasha questioned.
“Yeah, we’re doing pretty good. I mean we had lunch a little while ago. We had to switch lunch shifts because these little kids hungry are not little kids that you want to hang around with,” Peter admitted. “But other than that it’s been fine. Miles is good too. He’s been hanging out with Michelle so he’s in good hands.”
“Fu…fuck you,” Ryder garbled spitting out blood into Steve’s face.
Tony turned his head slowly to her. Ryder’s hand traveled down to his waist and underneath his untucked shirt. Steve wanted to cut the hand off. Bucky had to grab his wrist again.
“Don’t leave,” Tony rasped his hand rubbing his throat to calm the roughness in it. “I didn’t notice FRIDAY put on one of your boring history documentaries. Must have been so boring it woke me up, but it’s also boring enough for me to go back to sleep too.”
“Natasha is correct,” FRIDAY inserted. “Might I suggest DUM-E that you find Tony something that is actually drinkable. I doubt his body would handle lighter fluid particularly well.”
Steve left the lab quietly as the two continued to go back and forth and made note to thank Shuri later for taking Peter’s mind off of things. When Peter came back into the kitchen later at night to retrieve his dinner plate, Steve passed him on his way placing a hand on his shoulder comfortingly before disappearing into his room. He didn’t bring to attention the backwards shirt that barely concealed the bit of his Spiderman suit.
“Look bambino I am not mad, but that scared me okay. I can fly because I have a suit that helps me. I can’t fly on my own. Please don’t scare me like that Miles. You cannot climb on things and jump from them, okay?”
. That was during your time, right? Or, are you like a little bad guy in a
Steve breathed and felt a lump catch in his throat. He swallowed, forcing it away.
Sophie shrugged her shoulder. Marley crossed her eyes at Sophie in return.
“Hey no, don’t go there Tony. No one is going to take Miles away from you. He has a wonderful father and his father has amazing friends who will do everything in their power to make sure he is never harmed.”
William looked at Marley sharply for interrupting him. Marley shrugged her shoulders and lifted her hands up in defense.
They remained silent letting the heaviness wash over them uncomfortably.
Steve agreed. His feet seemed to carry him to Tony’s room and he let the comforting warmth ease the energy vibrating through his veins. A sense of peace, coupled with the warmth, took over him. He smiled softly, opening the door, ready to tease whether Tony had fun with Pepper, Rhodey, and the boys.
Pepper’s eyes widened and then her expression smoothed out. “Tony calm down. You’re working yourself into a dizzying state. There is neither rain nor storm that would make Steve say no or break up with you. It’s just-”
“Remember, when you need to leave you say,” Steve trailed off, waiting for Tony to finish.
“Nope.”
I deeply apologize for updating a whole two weeks too late. My film project kept being pushed back because of actors' schedule problems, so we had to keep re-filming scenes. Anyways I am back and we will stay on the regular schedule of Saturday updates. Thank you guys for your patience and hope you all enjoy :)
“Are you quite done,” Ryder said, spitting another mouthful of blood at Bucky.
Instead, he just sent the kids to go set up the music inside and hopefully by the time they came back to the roof this argument between Sam and Bucky would have ended.
He didn’t know what Vision had said, for Natasha to illicit the response of, “If we find Tony, I’m pretty certain we’ll have to have medical staff on hand one that Tony would approve of.”
Tony shifted Miles so that he could hold him on his waist. Miles’ eyes opened briefly as if trying to see where he was. He looked at Tony and once satisfied that he knew where he was and who he was with, his body slumped forward with his chin resting on Tony’s shoulder and arms curled loosely around his neck.
Call him insatiable, but in all of his life of past lovers and hookups no one could ever manage to do it like Steve. Perhaps it’s because actual love and care was involved this time…or at least that’s what Dr. Sana had ensured after he went into vivid detail how his first time with Steve was. Needless to say she had been shocked.
Clint looked at him. “Oh.”
“I was supposed to get rid of Hydra. I was supposed to keep Bucky from falling off of that train. I was supposed to stay in the 30s. I was supposed to die in that ice. If it hadn’t been for me and this stupid serum, your parents would still be alive. Your parents’ death and many others happened because of me. My serum success story is the reason there are people creating super soldiers. My greed made Bucky into the Winter Soldier and made Hydra conceive plans to kill your parents.”
Steve shook his head, unsure of how to answer this. “It’s not bad to remember the good things. Those memories still belong to you. I know it’s hard and it may seem conflicted…I don’t know if I can tell you how to feel. Because honestly I don’t want you having any good memories of that man because he doesn’t deserve them. However, I didn’t know him and I’m…I’m sorry I can’t see any positivity. I’m sorry. May have to ask someone else that question sweetheart ‘cause I’m afraid I don’t have the answer right now.”
“Yeah. Haven’t really felt motivated to shave,” he announced, whispering softly enough so that Tony wouldn’t have to feel like he had to move. “Is it too much?”
“Trust me and no one else. Promise me this. I’ll protect you,” Ryder had spoken, running his hands though Tony’s curls. “Trust me. Anytime you need help, I’ll be here. You don’t need to run off to anyone else to help fix you. I’m all you need. Right, baby?”
Tony’s eyes fell shut.
Abuser.
“No, seriously. It’s fine,” Steve said turning his face toward Tony. “I would have told you if I didn’t want to do something. Besides I wanted to do ever since I was a kid. Before the serum, I couldn’t really risk getting on rides and certainly never imagined anything on this scale. And then I became an Avenger so there was never anytime. So let’s go find some more rides.”
Harley’s eyes were brimming with anger as he tightened his fingers on the armrest. Peter’s eyes had glazed over briefly at the statement of having a broken home, no doubt going back to the unfortunate events of his parents’ and his Uncle Ben’s deaths.
“Only when I’m gagged,” Ryder sneered. “Though that’s more of my partner’s things. Heads up, Tony particularly likes being cho-”
He wanted to prepare the greatest meal for Tony. He wanted Tony to create a playlist of songs, constantly telling Steve his own was outdated, while secretly listening to them in his lab. He wanted to take Tony out and wrap his arm over his shoulder, bringing him closer as they walked to their destination. He wanted to tell Tony more about himself. He wanted to hear more about Tony, more than what could be found in papers and more than what Tony had told him in that hospital garden.
She remained silent for the first two days. No matter what they did, she would not speak. It seemed that she had taken a vow of silence. They had found other people connected to Tony’s kidnapping, but much like Miriam they didn’t talk. Natasha had cross-referenced people who had just come into town the day Ryder came back to America with the video images of people at the supposed engagement party. They had rounded up about twenty-three individuals all of which still remained silent.
Steve nodded, taking great pleasure in the fact that Isak/Ryder had no idea what trap he was leading himself to.
Steve’s grin grew hungry as he flipped Tony’s body upward, so that now Tony’s thighs were straddling either side of Steve’s hips. Tony hissed then settled as he did a slow roll on Steve’s hips. Steve ran his hands invitingly up and down Tony’s thighs.
Steve raised an eyebrow at Bucky. “Everything alright with you two? Just last week, you were all on top of each other. Quite literally, I seriously think you scared Pepper from ever wanting to come to a movie night with us again.”
The doors closed to Ryder’s manic screaming and pleading that Tony would come back for him. Steve continued walking away, until he saw a familiar face being brought in by two guards. Her face was stretched into a somber expression, mouth pressed into a line sharp enough to cut through ice.
“Natasha,” Steve warned her. They couldn’t threaten just normal day civilians. Natasha sighed and took her dagger out.
Clint stared at her and wanted to tell her he had been making an effort. He wanted to tell her that he was trying to make things go back to where they were, but they couldn’t. He didn’t know if he deserved for things to go back the way they were.
“So if you all decide to live with him again I need you to keep an eye on Ryder for me please. Look I do not trust you all, but in some manners I trust Ryder far less.  Just keep an eye on him for me and let me know how Tony is doing. I’m not able to monitor Tony 24/7 anymore because I’ll be in England for a few months. Also Rhodey’s been with his family, while he heals.”
“Peter you shouldn’t be-”
“So everything’s good between you two or decent? Like he’s not cheating or anything?” Peter asked again.
“Peter what’s wrong?”
Tony was sometimes jealous of the fact.
Tony fell asleep as soon as Steve said sweetheart, but Steve had no idea. Cali instead kept listening as Steve talked about how they were continuing to look for him. Then a sentence brought her out of her passive listening.
Fury looked back at the one way mirror, to see Isak still lying unconscious on the ground.
His body shook with the effort and Steve continued to slowly grind his fingers into him as he came down. His body twitched a little at the oversensitivity and what could that say about him that he wanted one more…wanted that last one with Steve coming inside of him.
Ryder looked at him and smiled. “Hungry?” He motioned to a plate of breakfast and smiled. “We had a long night last night.”
How could Tony be handling things and Steve was breaking down?
“I tell no lies. Tony never let on that he did not like what I was doing. Our relationship was fine, until you came along. Then you come along and Tony begins distancing himself. I tried to revitalize our relationship. I gave him everything and I assumed that was never enough, since I could never live up to his childhood crush on the great hero of all time Captain America.”
Within seconds everyone began walking toward the quinjet on the roof. No one said anything. However, when they began to get closer to the quinjet Steve turned to them.
“No, you don’t! Have you always been this crazy and out of tune about what I wanted!”
“Let me know how the journey toward getting your wife and kids goes,” Tony said. “I hope it goes well.”
“Sorry,” he apologized, thinking the reason for Bucky’s tension was because of him sobbing onto Bucky. “I…I didn’t mean to just unload on you like that. I don’t know what happened.”
“I do love him,” Steve angrily replied. “That should never be in question.”
Clint’s eyes were tinged red and if anyone would later ask him, he would freely admit that yes he had cried. He had cried tears of anger and frustration. He had cried over how he hadn’t been there for Tony, when he and the rest of his team should have been there for him.
Their voices became soft whispers as they traveled further away from the kitchen. While they were gone, Steve quickly set the kitchen table and ran to his room to freshen up. Once done, he nearly ran to the kitchen and saw he had a few minutes to spare.
His pleas echoed against the walls in the room. Tony tried fighting Winston off of his body and managed to get in a good lick. Winston’s head rolled back and Ryder kept his body steady with his firm grip on his waist.
Steve gasped shortly and felt the weight of his actions hit him. His mouth opened, but he couldn’t find it in himself to answer.
“Fishes,” Miles said back to him. “Lots of fishes there. Uncle Rhodey said the one swimming too fast was like you.”
Tony tried maneuvering his way to grab ahold of his ringing phone, while carrying a sleeping Miles toward the couch. Finally, he was able to grab it and quickly answered it upon seeing Isa’ name on the screen.
Without a second’s pause everyone simultaneously stopped breathing. Steve wasn’t Mr. Mean Bad One. His breath stuttered and he immediately reached for his phone to call Tony. It seemed like everyone had the same idea.
“This isn’t fair. Why would he do this to me?” Tony asked the two of them. “I didn’t ask for Steve to love me. He can’t love me.”
“Whoa, slow down. Who on earth told you it’s your fault?” Shuri questioned.
“Eww, baba stop,” Miles laughed, pushing Tony away from him.
Steve sighed loudly. He turned tired eyes to her and rubbed at his cheek. “Thanks.”
“No make baba sad,” Miles said at Rhodey then turned to Tony. Plump fingers rain across wet cheeks. “No cry baba. Bad man,” he directed back at Rhodey. “No cry baba. Shhh, shhh no cry.”
“Thank you Evan and Miracle. I’ll make sure to sign those community service papers,” Karen said. “You both can go into the kitchen and warm yourselves up a plate, while I talk to Mr. Stark.”
Pepper and Rhodey both stared at one another in silence as if unsure of what to say.
Clint nodded his head slowly. “That’s good. Everything you know alright up there?” He tapped his temple.
Tony followed Steve into their cart and waited for the ride to begin. Tony made no actions to stop his laughing as Steve tightly clenched the ride’s bar handles as they ride went up. However, he couldn’t stop his laugh, when Steve let out a startled gasp when they went down. Tony’s eyes burned bright with tears.
Jaime gave Tony three rings and leaned back against the wall. “Alright Mr. Stark you know the rules. Ready?”
“Who are you?” Clint gritted out.
“Alright it’s time to see if you pass the tooth test. You know when the tooth fairy comes she gives an extra special prize to the little children whose teeth are clean,” Tony commented as Miles opened his mouth for Tony to inspect. “Mhmm, oh yes that’s a nice tooth right there. Oh, good teeth yes all clean. The tooth fairy will be very satisfied.”
“You just haven’t seen it, yet. But lucky for you, you’re about to.”
“What do you mean…I…what didn’t happen?”
“Doesn’t matter whether it’s true or not. It’s what I believe. I think if I did though I would adopt someone that’s older. Spending time at Karen’s showed me that the older kids rarely get chosen for adoption. Some don’t even really want to foster older children,” Natasha admitted.
Bucky looked at him curiously and then at Tony. “Guess, I lost that bet.”
Tony’s eyes fell shut.
“You think that anyone on this team, this composition of a self-made family will be okay with you being the only one to help Tony heal? You think this will be helpful for them, in letting just you be the one to make Tony feel home again. And you should feel thankful that you have members of your team to be your strengths when you are at your weakest. So what if Natasha was the one who found the room he was in, at the end of the day the end result was Tony is here. It would be good for you to remember, it wasn’t just you that missed Tony.”
He pushed the broken finger even further back, calm at the painful groans that Ryder was emitting. He leaned close enough to him that Ryder wouldn’t mistake what he was about to say.
He smiled at him and it looked inviting.
The two smiled stupidly at one another and it was as though for that split second in time that all of this turmoil and paint that had happened had vanished. Steve felt his chest loosen at the thought that Tony was here and he was safe. He had no thoughts in his mind that Natasha was not capable of protecting Tony, but it was better seeing him safe and sound with his own eyes. Tony seemed to be doing much of the same, eyes traveling all at once over Steve’s body, tracking for any signs of scarring or blood that had not been there when they were last in each other’s spaces.
But with Steve basically being the antithesis to his own character, he had to reign in those instincts for a little while. He had to become a better version and let Steve slowly be warped into being the antagonist.
“Also you don’t have to leave a tip in exchange for a picture with you all. My girlfriend is going to go nuts when she finds out I served you all,” Harry beamed. “Of course if that’s alright with you.”
Despite that, Tony stepped back twice. His back hit the wall.
“I could kill you right here,” Steve grit out.
Ryder let out a barely restrained painful gasp as Bucky punched him in the jaw again this time with his metal arm.
Also if you're ever feeling down and don't have anyone to talk to, talk to me. I know we may not know each other, but that doesn't mean we can't be a support system. Also I know this story is super heavy at several points (my next story is going to be way lighter lol, but still with angst because I'm apparently a sucker for it) so if you at any point feel like I need to add any more tags as to warn people and help them, please do let me know.
How could Steve go asleep with not making sure someone was watching over Tony? He would have time to get a few seconds of rest in tomorrow, but for now his own sense of paranoia crawled at him.
“Come on let’s get to bed. I’m sure Miles also needs to be placed in a bed,” Ryder said.
“Yes, the colors were rather exquisite,” Marley, a thirteen year girl, voiced in a heavy English accent.
,” Miriam leered.
Karen narrowed her eyes.
“Like I said I’m not asking for permission. If your boss has a problem about that, tell them to come find me and we’ll discuss it. So we’ll be outside at the cherry fountain not too far from here. It’s still on hospital grounds. We’ll be back around eight at night. If not, you may feel free to come remind me. Now, this has been a very titillating conversation, but if I really want to stay true to my three hour time limit we must be going now.”
“And let this man go? The CMPNY is very well the next Hydra and this Isak…Ryder whatever dude could very well leave and continue building this organization and he could use his resources to get Tony back. And do you know what would happen if this team lost Tony? If this world lost Tony?”
Steve frowned at that. “This wasn’t a simple kidnapping, Tony.”
Miles laughed and Tony immediately snatched Miles from Steve’s hands. “That is not funny Miles! You could have gotten hurt and broken something. You cannot fly bambino. You also should not climb on anything that is taller than you. You could get yourself killed and then…”
“Right, so ummm…let’s go meet with the team,” Steve muttered, quickly hightailing it out of there.
“Are you sure you’re comfortable with me going? I mean this is your thing,” Natasha offered, hoping that Tony wouldn’t mind.
“Aye,” Thor exclaimed putting Tony back down on his feet.
Hot tears burned at the back of his eyelids and he tried blinking them away.
Tony shot out of bed. “Oh! Now you have to tell me what dame you had going after you. Who knew? Bet you met at the dock and gave her some flowers or something.”
This time Tony was able to hold his breath and close his eyes. He felt the pressure rise in his chest. He could feel the water pounding against his ear. His body was forced further into the bathtub his nose barely skimming the bottom, before he was yanked back up.
Enjoy this chapter, while I run off to take my final on a Saturday...I repeat a final on a Saturday. It's safe to say professors just don't care.  But hey I have something to look forward to after I either pass/fail. I can reply to your comments from last chapter so yay!
He grabbed Tony, blanket and all. He cradled him to his chest, in a bridal positon. Tony sputtered hands flying to catch onto Steve’s neck. He glared back at Steve’s smiling face. His eyes narrowed even further as Steve began to walk outside of the room.
“And fifth,” Steve stated proudly voice rough with use and wiped the back of his mouth.
“She drove them both off of a cliff and they died on impact,” she hoarsely whispered. “And now I don’t have my brother. Di doesn’t have her uncle. He didn’t get to see me get married. I wanted him to be my daughter’s cool uncle. Now the only way she’ll ever know him is through photos and trips to the graveyard. And the said thing is I found a note not even a few days later saying that if he had told someone no one would believe him because certainly he could take on a girl. I would have believed him.”
“Hello,” the voice cracked through.
Down.
Clint nodded his head. “Yes, but you used 651 Lego blocks. I believe the maximum was 650. I am afraid that-”
“No, Stark’s made it clear where he stands. He’s not going to budge if he doesn’t realize what is at stake.”
“Beige is nice. Neutral tones,” Natasha hinted.
Natasha shrugged and smiled. “It’s cute that you think I’ll tell you.”
Pepper shook herself out of her thoughts. “I don’t know. I mean something in the back of my mind was telling me something’s up with Ryder. So when Natasha asked us to you know separate the two for a while, I was kind of hoping that I’d find out what doesn’t sit right with me. I mean you understand, right? I’m not just going crazy or overprotective?”
“I promise this time,” Steve said.
Bucky agreed, his eyes watching the rapid movements of Clint’s hands.
“I’m serious.”
His phone rang. Everyone in the conference room sat still, wondering if it was Cali saying she’s found the driver. Steve located the phone in his pocket, ignoring Fury’s motion to put in on speaker. Heart thundering in his chest, he wondered if she’s not calling to tell them good news.
“Trust me I know,” Sharon said solemnly. “One time Tony came to visit me, while I was training to become a SHIELD agent. I remember he came unannounced one day because he had been inspired by something. I had my whole freaking assignment laid out on the floor and he didn’t even notice because he was so focused on explaining whatever schematics he had worked on. I had never been so nervous in my life, because of course at that time I didn’t want him to be involved.”
“And what about our families?” Clint questioned shifting back into the couch.
“Is baba mad Mr. Steve?” Miles timidly questioned not wanting to get
Tony hated that string of doubt.
Natasha pushed her body forward and motioned for Steve to help hold Tony. Tony’s limbs thrashed and Steve had to wrap his arms tightly around his body to keep himself restrained. Steve could feel the tremors in Tony’s body as he slowly began losing his energy.
“Mr. Tony can you come play dolls with us,” one of the younger little girls, Amina, inquired.
Tony clenched his jar and nodded, feeling all at once even a little more satisfied even by Fury’s short account of his death.
When Steve went to the tower, he first ignored the several glances from the other team members looking at him oddly. He knew without a doubt that they had questions regarding Tony’s sleeping figure in his arms. Unfortunately, for them right now all Steve wanted to do was place Tony in his bed and watch over him for now. The questions could come later. He allowed his own tired feet to lead him to Tony’s room. He went in there easily, passcode already on his lips as he went into the room. Before he had fully entered, he made sure to leave the door cracked.
“Alright let’s go get your things then,” Tony said.
“Good,” Karen said. “Now will you be staying to help us taken down our thanksgiving decoration and put up our Christmas decorations?”
Steve didn’t hesitate. He walked quickly to where Natasha was leading him and came to the cell of a girl who couldn’t be no more than seventeen. Her eyes were rimmed with red and tear drops stained her cheeks. She breathe in a haggard breath as her eyes met Steve’s. Natasha stood off to the side and motioned for the girl to speak.
“Yes,” Tony exhaled as Steve pressed closer, cock running alongside his thigh before entering Tony.
“Where in the world have you two been? I’ve looked and could never find you and well I just assumed Thor was somewhere in Asgard doing some royal godly stuff or something,” Tony waved. “But why are you two here together?”
“Yeah, but I mean its fine. Harley and I don’t mind. He’s a quiet sleeper anyways. My problem is mostly Harley. Guy sleeps like its trouble breathing,” Peter said smiling. “I’m surprised Miles never wakes up from his loud snores.”
“Dinosaurs?” Miles excitedly shouted.
“And you did all of those.”
Whenever Pepper was free from keeping things together at SI she would come to the room, look at who was on the bed and approach. Steve would always move to the center of the bed, so Pepper could move behind him and close her eyes to fall asleep. Later Steve realized that Pepper had dibs on that side, Tony allowing her to have it whenever she came to him. Rarely, if ever Pepper got to the point where she just caved in and needed the comfort of someone else near her, but she knew that when she did she always had Tony to go to.
“Shh sweetheart. I know it hurts. I know it hurts, but we’re gonna get you some medicine that will make you feel all better okay?” Tony whispered and attempted to keep his tone light. He knew they had medicine for this, but there was still this fear of whether he was doing things right.
Bekah sniffed and wiped at her nose that was beginning to run. “I know and that’s what makes this so hard. I…Steve I love my kid unconditionally. There is nothing that I wouldn’t do for my children. But at the end of the day, when I leave this hospital and go home…I’m going to feel empty.”
“You okay sweetheart?” Steve whispered, leaning into Tony’s ears.
“No, I actually have to knock it down a few times,” Pepper joked. “But in all seriousness don’t let a possible good thing go away because you don’t think you deserve it. Everyone has flaws Tony that doesn’t mean that we’re incapable of loving or being loved. It just means that we have a greater understanding of a love without conditions.”
“Hey,” Tony chocked on a laugh. “They’re not idiots…just a little misguided is all?”
“How’d you manage to get me home? No, I know what it was. You just used that oh golly smile on the hospital staff and promised them something like liberty and they let you spring me free. Probably added in a promise of puppies and rainbows for the next two weeks.”
Rhodey began to stand up. “And look I’ll come with. I’ll provide entertainment during the meetings.”
He shouldn’t be scared of some little children, but little children who felt the need to carry out justice carried a lot of anger. The smallest, Maia, had managed to pierce a ballpoint pin into his calf muscle. He winced as he watched her tiny legs run off.
Tony tried sputtering out the drink, but Cali closed his mouth forcing him to swallow it. Miriam’s eyes shone bright and she continued pouring the liquid down his throat with no care at how fast she was going. The burning in Tony’s throat brought red hot tears to his eyes.
His voice cracked and Steve froze knowing that Tony was on the verge of crying. However, being as calm and collected as Tony had grown to be, he quickly gathered himself.
Steve wasn’t even able to say he wanted to go out alone.
Now if that wasn’t something he had always struggled with.
Tony looked at Steve and smiled. “Well, guess that means you’re stuck with me. Of course, if that’s okay with you?”
and had woken up in the middle of the second movie and decided he was going to bed. Clint was next saying he had to get up early to do a little more gift shopping. Natasha followed Clint jokingly saying she need her beauty rest.
Steve needed to start coming up with ways that would occupy his time, until Tony would be allowed back into his lab. That was one of the promises he made to the hospital staff, in exchange with letting him take Tony home early. He had promised he would make sure Tony wouldn’t be doing anything too physical or requiring extensive energy for the next few weeks.
“Mr. Stark. You know you don’t have to pay right? Everything has been covered for the day,” the volunteer, Emily, said.
“Continue sweetheart,” Steve offered sleepily.
Sam sneered at Bucky and poured syrup all over Bucky’s plate. Bucky grinned and grabbed the soaking biscuit and put it in his mouth.
I tried grammar/spell-checking with a fine toothed-comb but after 28 pages some stuff may get lost in the cracks. So if you see anything complete off base, please feel free to let me know!
Steve paled, but nodded. “I deserve it. I should’ve treated Tony like how I treated the mission toward finding you, Bucky. You were right on that.”
Steve stepped closer, relishing in the fact that there was now no space between them. “I nearly can’t remember a time I spent not loving you. I only regret that I didn’t do this sooner.”
“But if you accept I need you to do me a favor. I can’t believe I’m asking this,” Pepper groaned.
“How can you tell me you want to rebuild you fucking asshole?”
Steve left the room, with every intent of coming back, when he had gathered himself. The rest of the team followed their leader, not even giving parting glances to Fury.
“Ryder, fuck…Ryder stop,” Tony breathed harshly. “I’m gonna kill you I swear.”
“Trouble? Oh, it’s sweet that you are so concerned.” The woman smirked. “Honestly Jack, I have seen better. How much do you think we’ll get for him?”
“I don’t like it when I wake up. Do I have to wake up this time? In my dream, dream Steve finds me always. When I wake up, he doesn’t.” Tony said. “I wake up just as we leave this room. I don’t know what’s outside of it anymore.”
He went down to the gym, knowing exactly what he needed. He went through about forty punching bags in one hour, just all imagining them as Ryder’s face. He wondered if Bucky or Natasha would teach him how to use a knife in some creative ways. He wondered how many ways he could perfect, before the five day time span was up.
“May we’ve already discussed this. Peter and you are an extension of my family. I take care of family, yeah? So we’re good.”
“Ryder? What was he calling for?” Clint asked.
Miles giggled and reached into his coloring box. “It’s easy just choose one.”
“That sounds fun,” Steve replied. He cleared his voice trying to clear up the emotion that settled thickly in his throat.
And yes there was still things to be healed. This process would be ongoing and might just continue well up until the point Tony finally bid this world a grand adieu. But he didn’t mind because he was here, living, breathing, and hopeful for the first time in years.
“No.”
“Ladies, come on. We don’t have to do this. I’ll be honest with you. Okay, I had a hard time getting sober and I’m pretty proud of where I am at in my life right now. I don’t want to go back to that place.”
“Hello?”
“Sorry,” Bucky winced. “I went too far.”
Tony placed his hand on her shoulder and stared at her seriously. “Oh what’s in a name?”
“No touching. Get off of me,” Tony said bucking up his hips to push her off of him.
“What?” Steve questioned as he drew toward her in worry.
Before Pepper could remember the events that had locked Tony in his room that night six months ago, she was brought back to the present situation at hand. She raised her hands to her face and was not shocked when she feel wetness gathering on her cheeks. But before any of the others tried acknowledging this, Pepper wiped her face angrily.
Tony punched at his chest and Steve let him. Steve stayed still as he let those hits meet his chest. He had never wished so much that those blows could actually hurt and leave some real damage. Though Steve knew that while they wouldn’t leave a bruise on his skin, they would certainly leave a bruise on his heart.
I would just like to say thank you all who are commenting your words mean everything to me. There is simply nothing I can truly explain to how much I appreciate your words and am grateful. Even when you may offer critics they are done in such a kind and respectable manner and I just feel so blessed to have y'all as readers. To everyone who gave a kudo thank you so much. My heart feels that love and it brightens my day to know you all are enjoying it. To those who have bookmarked thank you for wanting this story to be a presence in your reading enjoyment.
“Let me? I think I recall that night after adopting Miles very differently. Seems like you forgot the baseball shaped bruise you left on my ribs, after I told you that Miles was staying and you could leave!”
“I don’t know. It’s not like it’ll change anything. I mean he wrote a letter after everything went down with the Accords. This letter is probably just more excuses and reasons as to why he chose to leave me…the tower,” he quickly corrected, but Pepper and Rhodey had already caught on.
No, Ryder was not like Bucky. He could not be saved. He had no chance of redemption and Steve would be damned, if for a second Isak would believe that there was a chance for Ryder to feel an inkling of forgiveness whether it be in life or death.
The voice of a woman broke through Tony’s dream, the question hanging around like a loose tooth.
“He’s with Ryder.”
“Maybe it’s because you haven’t employed the same courtesy,” Natasha said. “So listen now and read the document. Good night Steve.”
A smile made its way to his face as he remembered bringing Tony food down to his lab, during one of his working binges. Tony had told him one had never lived until they lived three days straight with no sleep. Steve hard argued that it hadn’t made sense. Tony had merely taken the offered sandwich and went back to his work, only stopping once in a while to bother Steve about what he had been drawing. Steve, almost always, obliged.
He looked at all of them gathered in the kitchen with food splayed before him. He watched as they all turned their eyes to focus on him with layering expressions of anger, resentment, tiredness, and things of the like.
Tony looked up into the sky and stayed silent for a few moments. “That night I spent more time with my mom then I had during my whole lifetime at that point.”
“I’m serious.”
“Miles what did we tell you? You have to stay in bed until you get better,” Karen sighed. “You won’t get better unless you rest.”
Tony probably would…no he knew he was definitely going to be putting his son’s stickers on the suit.
“He’s…I don’t know Buck. I don’t wanna say he’s alright because crap if you…if you heard the things he was telling me there’s,” Steve rubbed a hand over his eyes. “I don’t know. He’s talking to me and he’s telling me about his relationship with Ryder and it’s already a lot. And he hasn’t even gotten to the recent stuff. Now I feel like I’m going to literally want to find Isak, Ryder whatever and just wrap my arms around their neck and squeeze because he’s managed to keep ahold of Tony’s life for this long and-”
Steve reached his neck and scratched it nervously. “Yeah.”
Ryder needed to feel like Tony was on his side, even in his death. It would make it that much easier for them to get a confession.
Steve silenced his thoughts and leaned against the headboard of his bed. His eyes remained shut, but he couldn’t get his thoughts to be completely suppressed. He opened his eyes when a harsh knocking sounded through his room.
“Please stop,” Tony laughed softly.
“Hello?” Tony’s voice rang throughout the hallways. His brow furrowed as he caught on to the soft melody of music filtering throughout the rooms.
“You did some pretty good things serum boy,” Tony said with just a hint of a smile gracing his tired features. “Heard you punched Hitler in the face.”
“Oh, right. Guess the effects work faster than I thought. I’ll have to congratulate Bruce on that,” Tony said, moving his head to the side and studying Ryder. “It’s going to be hard for you on the raft. You have a lot of former CMPNY individuals there who are not satisfied with the way you left them to take the fall. I hate for it to get out, that you’re completely paralyzed and defenseless.”
Bucky looked back at Steve. “Sure is.”
“Keeping going honey. Tell me about what you’ve planned today,” Steve said, moving lower to place his lips on Tony’s hipbone. He licked at the bruises left behind from his own hands. Steve nipped at the skin, mouth curling upward in satisfaction as Tony’s hips raised.
Winston kissed Tony’s knee and whispered almost reverently, “Benedici il CMPNY.”
“You’re right I’m ecstatic. I’m over the moon. It’ll be truly swell when I can truly court you without the added presence of Ryder,” Steve added.
“Don’t act like it is” Steve put forth.
“You can’t touch me. Nope can’t touch me. No touching. You’re not going to touch me,” he repeated over and over, his eyes widening fearfully. “Can’t…Ryder promised. He promised. No more touching. No more touching.”
Harley laughed and grabbed Miles by his hand. Peter meanwhile followed Karen into the kitchen to help get the lunches ready.
“And were you able to talk with Tony?” Bucky questioned.
His hands trembled where they were resting on his knee. He loves Tony. He knows that he loves Tony. But his actions weren’t proving that. He had made Tony feel like he wasn’t good enough. Steve’s eyes glazed over and he felt the panic began to settle in.
Shuri had accepted Tony’s phone with a grimace on her face as she put her number in. Nearly three days later Shuri and Peter had gathered to troll the two resident genius, Shuri mainly. Tony and Bruce would try debating over whether biomedical engineering or mechanical engineering are better and both of them would tease them. Peter was usually just Shuri’s hype man as she teased Tony.
Seeing all three younger boys nod, he felt fine in pulling off.
“Yeah, we can stay outside and make sure everyone is gone,” Natasha said.
Tony swallowed thickly and obediently opened his mouth for Ryder.
Because Ryder was right. They wouldn’t want someone broken and right now that was all Tony felt.
Even he could hear the sharp intake from Bucky at the hard callous way Steve had phrased the question. Steve quite frankly couldn’t find it in himself to care.
Tony listened to the harshness of Ryder’s voice and raised his hands in defense. “Fine,” he muttered sliding into the backseat.
Oh…right. Shortly after that the whole things with the Accords, Civil War, him finding out about his parents, the whole course of things…Tony hadn’t taken time to actually get someone to fix the wall. In actuality, he had all the time in the world given as to how he wasn’t in official Avengers business.
“Sorry, sorry,” Tony mumbled.
Natasha laughed at him as she began to walk toward the girls who hadn’t noticed her presence. “Oh Tony you wouldn’t know if they were following you.”
“Please don’t push me away. I don’t think I’d know what to do if you did,” Steve whispered, leaning down to press a kiss against the crown of Tony’s forehead.
But now there was nothing that could take Tony away from that bracelet or Steve. That bracelet that even Tony still wore was a hint of a promise that Steve was now strengthening after Tony hopefully said yes later today.
He heard a crunch and Isak barely winced, but instead smirked through it all, even as Steve’s grasp tightened around his neck.
Ryder left him and Tony tried stifling a sob into his pillow. He numbly walked to his bathroom and tried to quickly shower all the while monitoring and listening to Miles. Tony tugged on a long sleeve shirt and some sweatpants and went to Miles who was now starting to cry out for him.
“And so you changed your name, your place of residency…does not seem to me like you believed this was an accident. As a child, you knew this was a murder and you wanted to get as close to safety as you could.”
“Then where is he now?” Tony said. “I mean not that like I care where he is. I just woke up and he was gone…so…like not that it matters. He’s completely free not be here.”
As Miles eyes fluttered closed, Tony shifted so that his back was against the arm rest. His knees were tucked under him and he kept a hand running up and down Miles back. The coughs were less frequent now, but Tony still kept a check on it.
“Yes, mother,” Bucky drawled. He craned his neck to the side. “Would you also like to know if the mouth wash I’m using actually gets rid of bacteria?”
Steve moved toward Tony’s room, but not before Natasha stopped him.
“And we’re here to provide helping hands setting everything up,” Harley said, watching as they pulled into their home.
Lies.
“Oh I understand. Everything good with that?”
Saying that to himself made him cringe inside.
Coulson made his way in the small cell and positioned himself in the dark corner of it. Natasha nodded once at him in acknowledgment of his presence, before turning her attention back to the girl.
After nearly two weeks of taking care of a recovering Miles, Tony could no longer use him as an excuse to avoid the Avengers. While he was worried that Miles still had a mild case of pneumonia for two weeks, Tony used this to spend time with the child and not the grown children downstairs. However, once Miles had slowly gained back his energy and appetite Tony realized he couldn’t hide with them on his floor forever.
Nice to know you’re finally making a move.
“And after everything with Ultron, I tried getting in touch with families and friends of everyone who was affected. I was trying to get in touch with them because I wanted their forgiveness. I wanted to know I hadn’t just written Merchant of Death onto my tombstone,” he chuckled.
Eva’s grip tightened on him and she whispered encouraging words. “It’s okay. Det er greit. Du er trygg, min kjærlighet. Okay? Okay?”
“Nope, don’t say anything. I just wanted to get all of this off my chest and I’ve been practicing in front of my mirror for weeks and my mirror never said anything back. So like just…don’t feel like you have to say anything, okay?”
Sam looked up at her as though remembering that she had come to his house for something. Sam frowned then smoothed out his features. Natasha noted the tension laden in his features. Bucky was nearly a mirror image. Natasha breathed in to calm herself.
And that was how the doctors and nurses found them, bodies fused together as though one, Tony’s head resting against Steve’s heart and Steve’s hand splayed over Tony’s heart as though each protecting each other from any pain, even in their dreams.
Steve would like to think he misheard him, due to him sending apologies to his ma for his cursing.
“Seeing as though I’ll be single by end of this night I don’t see a reason why we can’t just get a head start,” Tony replied, suddenly awake. Who knew that Steve offering to kiss him would do him better than a cup of coffee?
“What happened then?” Tony said not being able to ignore the way curiosity welled up inside of him like a storm.
Natasha rolled her eyes. “All I hear are excuses. You’re believing the words of someone you don’t know, someone you don’t trust over the words of Tony. The only thing that explains this is that you think it’s easier for yourself to just walk away. Were you looking for an out ever since you stepped in the tower?”
“He isn’t?” Bucky said turning away from the soapy water. “Huh, okay. Then where is the tiny genius.”
He looked back down at the scratches and could distinctly outline which ones from where Tony had pushed him away and which ones were from Tony urging him to stay. He shakily ran a finger over the scratch, remembering Tony’s lost eyes as doctors tried to get him on the gurney and be led to his room.
But Steve heard.
, Clint signed back, having taken off their aids once they had left the Raft.
“I don’t need to be babysat,” Tony muttered, but allowed himself to be pulled up by Natasha.
“No, I’m leaving the tower and I’m going to stay with Sam until Bucky and I can find our own place.”
Steve wondered whether this unhappiness would translate well, if he were to “accidentally” let a few into Ryder’s cell tonight.
“Aunt Natasha stop,” Miles said laughing. Natasha smiled even more brightly and kissed his full cheeks.
“Okay, Tony,” Steve chuckled.
Tony leaned back to look into Steve’s eyes. Brown eyes searched blue ones and Tony found what he was looking for. He smiled softly and placed his hand on Steve’s chest.
“But,” Natasha added, “We also know that Tony is happier, when he’s with you. There’s this sense of easiness and genuine love shared between the two of you. Pepper has told me that, while she wants to slap you and cut of your balls next time she sees you, she knows how confused and hurt Tony is. She believes that you can ease the confusion.”
It never failed to warm Tony’s heart when Peter affectionately called him uncle. Goodness, how did Tony end up with such an amazing family beside him.
“It’s a long story,” Phil murmured tiredly. He looked at all of the Avengers and motioned for them to sit down. “Perhaps I’ll tell you later, when things have cooled down. But please take a seat.”
He took a cut up carrot and chewed on it. “Is baba awake now?”
So when she got the call from Natasha five days ago asking if they could come over, she enthusiastically agreed. After all, the children had most certainly missed him. There had been many voices of discontent when Karen had to remind them once again that Tony would not be making his weekly visit.
There was one particular lazy Saturday morning where he decided to make breakfast…rather loudly…and well Steve was immediately reminded of Natasha’s skill with knives.
Steve smirked. “I’m always down for a toast. You want to go first?”
Fury nodded at him, before following Tony’s lead.
“Yes?”
“I should probably take this,” Tony said smiling at Steve. “And remember I want a lemonade.”
Tony hung his head down and channeled the theatre lessons he took, during boarding school. Tears sprang into his eyes.
“Cute. Ms. Natasha can we stop for flowers to get for Mrs. Keener?”
Steve gritted his teeth and steeled himself to his chair, just so that he wouldn’t choke the living daylights out of this man. Healthy relationship?
Ryder’s hold on Tony’s hipbone tightened briefly, before relaxing. “I am sure you do not mean that. Surely, you wouldn’t say that to someone you love.”
The bastard.
Tony laughed dryly. “Someone who was weak wouldn’t have gotten themselves taken in the first place. I’m supposed to be a superhero and I get taken more than the average citizen probably. And crap what if they start taking Miles and I can’t protect him or…”
“Well,” Tony started, “I’m glad that you all want me more than my money.”
Ryder continued the conversation as if it had never stopped.
Suddenly, Tony realized the absence of one small body. He looked around himself and didn’t see Miles anywhere. He was certain he was latched onto his leg just a few moments ago, but there he wasn’t.
“Yeah she made me memorize that entire sentence, after I jokingly said that she just wanted to stay and play with this panther that imprinted on her. By the way I forgot to show you those pictures. I sent some to Uncle Tony, but I forgot to send them to you. With the whole secret group text, I didn’t want to accidentally confuse the two,” Peter confessed, pulling out his phone and going to the camera gallery.
“What happened back in your room?”
It had felt pleasant being reminded how he felt wanted and needed and to not have someone leave. But the way Ryder needed and wanted him felt wrong. The reasons that Ryder stayed felt stifling.
Peter groaned aloud and slouched his shoulders. “I swear he’s out to end me Mr. Stark. Seriously, every paper that I have submitted to him has at the most gotten a C+ and I don’t know why. I have done the prompt. I have gone to writing labs and I even took my paper to the head of the English department and she said I should have received an A+.”
“We argued about basically everything. How we should enter a fight, what we should have for dinner, how my suit wasn’t user friendly, how he was just a body in a suit, how I was just a serum in a body. It was this constant back and forth, but it became us. Soon the fights became less about serious things and more about playful things something you’d fight with a sibling about.”
At the time, Tony was swept away with what he saw as genuine care. But he also knew he was sticking with Dr. Sana so he told Ryder no. He was not going to stop any progress he was steadily making. He was still going to continue his sessions with Dr. Sana. That resulting flash of anger in his eyes should have tipped him off, but Tony was so blinded by having his friend come back and actually wanting to be in a relationship with him.
Despite spring making its early arrival in the city, this cemetery saw no inklings of new life. Every single thing reflected in this space was dismal.
Rhodey rolled his eyes. “Tony we all know you were going to make me say your closing speech.”
“Well, I can say that I did not think you would be back to visit me all this soon,” Isak said. “I guess I should feel flattered the Avengers think I am someone of such importance that you must occupy your day with me. Unfortunately, it is not for the reasons I wish. As I have told you I am not my brother. I do not know what I must do for you to get that through your heads.”
Steve laughed and Tony felt the vibrations of it through his chest. Steve’s warm fingers curled around Tony’s shoulders and settled like a weight there. If Steve continued to keep his arm around Tony for the rest of their day there, Tony wouldn’t even have it in him to complain.
“Tony, talk to me about your plans today,” Steve said, running his finger back between Tony’s thighs fingers growing wet with evidence from their earlier release.
His voice became more slurred.  He shook his head and kept repeating the same mantra to himself. The shaking of his body became more violent. Natasha stepped forward and Tony screamed again, his hands tore at the patches on his skin. Her eyes traveled to the scratch marks around the patches and wondered how long he had been trying to get them off.
Despite the air-tight NDA she had signed, she had figured the repercussions wouldn’t be that bad. Pepper proved that idea wrong. Nonetheless the woman lost her job and Tony used that as momentum to get Rhodey and Pepper off of his back and never suggest therapy again. The two were understandably uneasy with Tony’s decision, but with so much betrayal adding up in his life, they knew they couldn’t find it in themselves to reason against Tony doing something he was not yet ready for.
“Can I have some more strawberries baba,” Miles said quickly running to Tony and throwing himself onto his lap. “I’m hungry.”
“Don’t want baba sad. Help ‘em Mr. Steve,” Miles said pulling at the lapels of Steve’s jacket.
Ryder grabbed him up roughly by the arm, pocketing his phone away again.
Tony grew still as he remembered the night that Ryder was referring to. Ryder pleased that Tony became still in his hold smiled heatedly at him as though himself remembering that night.
“You don’t have to lie to me. We may have lied to the outside world, but there was one thing we never did. We never lied to each other, did we?” Tony whispered, soft enough that it would only fall to Ryder’s ears.
“How was your date?”
Ryder was so nice.
“I do hope that I am not too late in reserving a spot at the Avengers table,” Bruce exclaimed.
“I don’t want your food,” Miles said.
Harley tossed his arm off of him and rolled his eyes. Steve allowed himself a momentary pleased grin. Ryder shrugged and began leading them outside, trying to feel the conversation with idle chatter. Neither Harley nor Steve felt like truly speaking with Ryder, but Steve figured he couldn’t be rude. It wasn’t right for him to be mean to someone just because he was currently with Tony. So Steve tried pushing aside the feelings of wanting to silence Ryder out. But he couldn’t say he wasn’t excited, when they were finally back in the tower. Harley quickly went to the kitchen to grab a bowl of cereal and Steve wasn’t too far behind him.
Bucky and Sam waited for Natasha to answer. Steve waited with baited breath for Natasha to reply to his question.
“I’m sorry Isa…Isa I have to go I can’t…just tell them what you…I can’t be here. Please Isa,” he quickly scrambled to grab his Accords packet and sign in a rushed manner. He was used to doing this so it was completely legible.
“Please, Buck for the love of…I really don’t want to hear about you and Sam’s sex life,” Steve said, shuddering at just the thought.
Natasha hoped they found Ryder just so she could put her knife in between his eyes. Images filtered in her hand, but she had to stop herself. Her main focus was Tony. Tony was starting to shake.
“Ryder I don’t like surprises like this,” Tony mumbled under his breath so as the noisy journalists wouldn’t hear him and spin it into something.
, he had told him on many occasions.
“No,” Harley answered back. “I just got bored and decided to wander around. Then I got hungry so here I am. But speaking of eavesdropping what were you and mom talking about? You were in there for an awful long time.”
“No, you’re just not healthy,” Steve said and quickly added, “Coffee is not healthy.”
“FRIDAY,” He finally said albeit a little stressed out.
Steve assumed they were talking about opening a bottle because moments later the sound of glass shattering surrounding the kitchen.
Tony turned sad eyes to him. Steve struggled for a minute, before eventually his strong will wavered.
They always alluded to the sentiment, but neither were ever so bold as to say it to each other yet.
“You can’t bribe him.”
“But really the reason why is because you ruined my life. You and your father. There was some point in time that I truly thought I loved you, but that all changed when you allowed your father to take me out of MIT.”
“Yes,” Tony answered.
“No, I’m good. I’ll just be a few minutes, okay.”
“No, baba,” Miles sleepily muttered. “You hafta stay.”
“Baba!” a raspy voice coughed.
Pepper leaned back in her beach chair as she observed Tony instructing Miles on how to build a proper sandcastle. Miles had been adamant that they include seashells, while they were building the sandcastle. Tony wanted to add the seashells after they foundation had been laid out. Amusement settled warmly in Pepper as she noticed a familiar trademark Stark look of exasperation take Miles’ face.
“Really Steve?” Tony questioned. He placed the fruit snack box on one of the top shelves.
Harley inhaled a large breath.
Rhodey looked at Leauna almost in betrayal. “Leauna.”
“Yeah, I have to go in a short bit so I can catch my flight. So I’ll say goodbye to Peter real quick and then I’ll let him know where you’re at,” May kissed Tony on the cheek and told him goodbye before walking to Peter and doing the same.
“Jack doesn’t let you stay with him?” Steve questioned, hoping that the boy wouldn’t mind this one interruption.
Steve fiddled with the box in his hand, while he waited for Tony to go outside to the balcony. He looked out into the city impressed with the skyline and wished for a second that he had his sketchbook that Tony had given him this morning. It had been a while since he drew, but now he longed for it. When Tony stepped outside to meet him, he yearned even more for some paint and a canvas. Tony looked beautiful with the moonlight lighting up his features and the skyline being his backdrop.
“I would never let that happen.”
A hand-shaped bruise was blossoming against his throat. His face was almost to the point of being unrecognizable. Steve thanked them internally for leaving that for him. Bucky noticed him first and then Clint, who had been going away with breaking Ryder’s fingers.
“You think you love Steve. You think that you love your team, the little family you have built. But this team won’t come for you. After all, it was you who called them and not them who called you on our way here. Makes me wonder if they truly cared whether you had left,” Ryder exclaimed pressing his fingertips in the space at Tony’s collarbone.
Helen looked at his downtrodden face and sadly remarked to him, “Fine, but don’t do anything that could potentially cause harm to my patient. I’m doing this because I honestly don’t think any patient should ever wake up alone and if by chance he wakes up soon, I think it would be nice to see a familiar face instead of the nurse who tried sticking him with needles.”
Tony had wondered how Miles figured out that the people downstairs where the Avengers. He was pretty sure Miles may have overhead him on the phone discussing the Avengers’ presence with Pepper. He had thought Miles was asleep, but he guessed wrong seeing how as the next morning Miles asked if he could play with Captain America.
And straight into Steve’s arms.
“Thousands? Wow, Rogers you really take the cliché of go big or go home,” Tony laughed.
Liar.
“I had everything ready for you and me to talk and then you up and fucking disappear with Bucky. And I think oh okay…things will get sidelined for a little. Because I understood what Bucky meant to you. And with me knowing how he was basically the Rhodey to my Tony, I was going to help you. I was going to tell you about ways to get him acclimated back into society, ways to do things legally, how to help heal his mind and his body. But you never gave me the chance to.”
Ryder kept on trying to get Tony to stop going to Dr. Sana arguing that he was doing so well and how was he actually supposed to see his progress, if he couldn’t do anything on his own. Tony had pushed Ryder away and disagreed saying Dr. Sana was part of the progress he was making.
“I can’t. Don’t want to…” Steve rasped clutching at his throat. “Natasha I can’t breathe-”
Steve nodded and stood up. “And I’ll be the first you tell, when he arrives. I don’t want him anywhere near Tony. Don’t even mention his name.”
Tony made a sound. “Doesn’t? Then no one cares. No one cares. Said you all don’t care…and if he doesn’t care. No one cares. No one cares for Tony,” he sang. “Steve?”
Tony sighed inwardly. He knew that Pepper had managed to work her ways so that Miles would be out of the spotlight as much as possible, but he was still concerned. He didn’t want anyone coming near Miles that was not him. However, he had a four year old that needed to get his energy outside of running around the tower.
“Ryder, I didn’t know that you worked at this hospital,” Steve said easily, trying to force down an instinctual frown he had for every time he saw Ryder. “I thought Tony said you worked at St. Edward’s hospital.”
Nick Fury had gotten in touch with them before they landed in America and had laid out heavy instructions to meet with him as soon as they reached land. Clint had complained profusely saying all he wanted was to go home to Laura and his kids. Steve had been sympathetic. If Steve had left someone he loved for six months with no contact and it was his fault for that lack of communication, he would grow mad.
As always apologize for any possible mistakes.
“I can go take you to see your mom,” Steve blurted out without even knowing what he had said. “I mean I’m the reason Tony hasn’t been at Karen’s for the past month, so I can take you to visit her until he comes back.”
She looked at her watch and sighed. “I need to go know, before someone is alerted that my visit with my grandmother lasted longer than I intended. I am certain that the one I left in charge may sell me out, if they can gain favor in Ryder’s eye.”
“That was an accident,” Ryder stressed. “It was an accident. In the report they even said it was not my fault. The accident was not my fault. Why do you keep insisting that it was? It wasn’t. It wasn’t.”
“I don’t have problems with spaghetti,” Tony rushed out. “I mean…that way you don’t have to make two different meals. Pepper says I eat like a child anyways.”
“How about you just be a doll and tell me what I did wrong. Make this little shindig go by a little faster, yeah?” Tony smirked letting cockiness feed into his tone, a defense that he relied heavily on.
Bucky nudged Steve in the rib. “Now go grab the sauce.”
“Though I am also certain that Michelle wouldn’t like you offering to buy her ticket,” Tony thought aloud. “But you could offer. Make sure to cover up. I really don’t need to send you back home to May with you sick.”
“Always.”
Tony pulled back just a little so that he could look her in the eyes, “Yeah, I am.”
Tony distanced himself from Ryder. Miles stared at Ryder and wrapped his plump arms around Tony’s neck. Tony hoisted Miles further up on his hip and looked silently. Ryder’s eyes widened and he clenched his jaw from the pure disrespect that kid had just shown him.
Miles shook his head. “Baba stay if you loved me.”
Tony smiled at the endearment. “I like that.”
“That’s a lie!”
Steve laughed softly as he remembered Natasha screaming, “Fucking useless idiot” to Clint when he announced that he had accidentally sent Laura some flowers that had wilted and died.
Ever since his talk with Natasha and Tony, aided with the words from Isa, Steve had realized how his actions had tremendously affected his relationships and the relationships of people around him. Steve had never wanted to be the one to break up a family and he had done exactly that. He had broken up the Avengers and now the Barton family.
Jaime nodded and closed the door to Karen’s office.
“Don’t touch me, stop touching me,” he said every single time their hands wrapped around his shoulders and pushed him in the water. “Stop fucking touching me.”
“This is a nice dream. Hate…hate when I have to wake up,” he muttered into Natasha’s stomach.
“But Natasha,” he said, drawing her name out in a name. “I’m coooold. Have mercy.”
“Is everything alright?” Clint questioned.
And then Isak smirked, something so unique to Ryder. It was a smirk that lifted first on the left corner, before sliding down to become an even smile.
Natasha threw a block at him. “Shut up. Go to Bruce’s team and make it even then.”
Pepper pulled on Tony’s sleeve forcing him to sit back in the booth.
“Don’t you dare come in Rogers,” Tony hissed.
“I sorry. It’s just I was putting him to bed…not like that! He fell asleep in the kitchen and then I brought him here, but noticed he was sweating so…”
Steve went to go sit back in the waiting room and scanned through a few more magazines. Finally, Harley came back into the waiting room and motioned that he was ready to go.
For hell shall be but only that of a dream
“Oh, do tell Tony I hope he gets a good night’s rest. Perhaps, he could take a trip to the Winston estate in California and relax a bit,” he said, eyes bright with mischief. “I heard the place is…transformative.”
Tony’s heart stuttered. Pepper and Rhodey had made it a habit of telling Tony they loved him every time a conversation ended. Tony still hadn’t gotten used to this, but welcomed it all the same.
“No, he actually just went to the orphanage. He’s usually back around five. So you only have two more hours…so we can all just wait here until he comes back. Get to know each other. So what is your-”
“Yeah, everything’s good. Look please tell Tony I won’t see him until tomorrow. I have a double shift tonight,” Ryder said grabbing his bags. “You both enjoy the rest of your day.”
A doorbell rang.
Steve shifted his weight.
When they were back on the quinjet, Steve finally allowed himself to hunch in, shoulders coming to the shells of his ears. No one said anything and he had been grateful for the silence. Even Clint who could ramble almost as fast as Tony did not dare to even breathe a word.
“They’re board meetings,” Pepper said. “And Tony sit down. Just sit down for a moment.”
“Oh, I am sorry if I thought that is what you wanted to ask. I apologize if I have offended you in any manner,” Isak said, slowly trying to breathe roughly through his mouth. “Did you instead wish to ask me if I was a part of my brother’s CMPNY. The answer to that is no.”
Isak looked at his brother incredulously. “Childish grudges? Are you serious? I have every right to be mad at you, seeing as though you are the direct cause of everything that has gone wrong in my life and nearly every other person you have touched. I’m honestly surprised that Tony took you back into his life, seeing as how you are good at destroying everything closet to you.”
“Her progress will be monitored. You may have daily check-ins and will be alerted to our location every 24 hours. Wanda will not be required to do anything she is uncomfortable with, but know this Steve she needs to control her powers. You will not be doing her a great service, if you allow her not to be trained.”
“Okay?”
Harley sniffled. “Is this supposed to make me feel better? Because if so you’re doing a horrible job. Mr. Stark is better at this than you.”
Next thing they knew Steve had pounced on Bucky and threw a punch toward his chin. Pure unrestrained anger flew outside of Steve. It seemed like that month holed up in Sam’s house really did affect Steve.
Biting the insides of his cheeks, Ryder looked behind him to where Steve had walked away. Okay, so Steve was added back in. There needed to be simple adjustments made. He didn’t know where Steve had gathered this confidence, but he knew it could be easily broken. Because somewhere in that conversation Steve had revealed himself. Ryder grew excited over what he picked apart in the inflictions and expressions of Steve.
Steve immediately got up and walked slowly out of the waiting room, ignoring the concerned glances of everyone else. Once out of sight, he quickly ran to the restroom. He swung open the door and ran to the toilet expelling all of the nonexistent contents he had in his stomach.
Tony let out an involuntarily shiver at the surprising amount of gentleness
Ryder breathed deeply through his noise and nodded. “Okay. I trust you.”
“I know sweetheart. It seems like all our prayers are finally being answered.”
And perhaps that is why he tightened his hold on Steve’s shoulder.
“There. Now neither of you have the funnel cake,” Clint said breaking off a piece and popped it into his mouth.
Fury had told Steve that he could not purposefully bait Isak into making any self-incriminating statements. He couldn’t be seen as coercing Isak into a confession because just on the rare chance that Steve and the others were wrong, it could lead them to another scandal that they didn’t need still fresh off of the Civil War and Accords business.
“Let’s stick with the two months thing, yeah? By then Pep and I can help you plan everything the way you want. Goodness knows we’ve spent the last few months doing the same…ouch! What the hell Pep!” Rhodey shouted as Pepper’s top of her heel connected with his shin.
Tony pressed his face closer to Steve’s chest, not wanting to look him in the eyes anymore.
“I feel this sense of panic and fear coming from somewhere,” Wanda explained straightening from her seat. “I can’t place it.”
“Do you want us to stay? I could be nearby,” Steve suggested not really wanting to leave Tony alone. He didn’t exactly know how Ryder would react. It couldn’t be bad, but it wouldn’t hurt to get Tony away if Ryder started yelling at Tony.
“And I…I should have seen it. We all should have seen it. Even Miles was trying to tell us-”
“Not sure,” Steve said biting on his thumb. “Ryder said Tony hasn’t been answering his calls so.”
“Natasha, I heard you. This is a day for riding rides and eating large amounts of sugary filled treats. It is not a day to give a lesson in spy work,” Tony drawled out. “Isn’t that right Julie?”
She nodded her head a few times. “When I was nineteen my brother got his first serious girlfriend. He had been known as a player, so we were all shocked when this gorgeous lady tamed that player. It was like beauty and the beast. A freaking fairytale.”
This…this was a punishment.
“Harley! You can’t just leave every single time you start losing a game. That’s unsportsmanlike conduct. Sometimes you have to lose, to know how to win,” came Steve’s voice.
“Shh, breathe with me Tony,” Ryder said gently pushing Natasha aside. “Come on sweetheart. Let’s start naming things in the room yeah. Adjective and noun? Red hair. Ugly painting on the wall. Really? I know billionaires buy things to just boast that they have a priceless picture, but Tony that frankly looks like ass.”
Tony started to protest to an already standing Karen. Karen’s giggling made his way to his ears, before she landed a wet smack on his cheek. He pushed her away, his own laughter causing him to fold over himself as Karen began tickling him.
“Yes, Miles is a very nice boy. He’s very attentive and very intelligent for his age. He’s also very sociable so you will not have many problems getting him acclimated. He’s a little shy at first, but again once he warms up he’s this little chatterbox,” Karen said.
“Tony no. I never want you to change. That’s…Tony never think for a second that I’d like you to change anything about you,” Steve explained.
“You decided to sleep in your room today, bambino,” Tony affectionately said into Miles’ curls. Miles nodded his head and had decided there on Tony’s lap was just as well another comfortable position to fall asleep, because he had fallen asleep mere seconds later.
“He was wrong,” Steve fiercely put forth.
“For what it’s worth Rogers, I truly hope that you can heal everything that we’ve managed to break.”
So now here he was, ready to get everything started.
“Also I wasn’t the one who bought Miles an entire Lego set at LEGOLAND,” Pepper teased back.
Steve ran a hand over his back soothingly. Knowing Tony’s eyes were still close, he went to the restroom and grabbed a wet cloth. He came back to Tony.
Breathing in, he turned the light on and went toward his cabinet. Grabbing the essentials, he quickly showered. Once done, he grabbed a turtleneck and then a sweater to go over it. He hoped the extra padding would soften any pain that would come from anyone touching him today. After all going to a public school especially on a day like this, Tony expected for many people to want to hug him or touch him in some way or fashion.
Ryder leaned back cock slipping out of Tony’s mouth. Tony tried inhaling a large breath of air before Ryder pushed his hips forward again. His breaths came out in heavy spurts as Ryder continued moving against Tony’s chest.
“The Marriot hotel would certainly have rooms for them,” Rhodey sneered.
“I’m not going on Natasha’s mission,” Steve explained watching as Tony cocked his head to the side.
“Yet you’re in there and I’m out here,” Steve truthfully answered.
“FRIDAY,” Steve spoke.
The two talked for a few more minutes, before Principal Davis went toward the podium. Following him were Peter, Michelle, Ned, and two other students. They all were led to their seats as Principal Davis stood in front of them. Principal Davis began to introduce the guest speaker, going over his list of accomplishments and the sort. Shortly after the guest speaker came in thanking Principal Davis for his kind words then directed the audience’s attention toward a video that he had brought along.
“Ryder’s been the only one that has been the main person in Tony’s life so far, besides Peter and little strawberry,” Pepper softly whispered.
“Oh, then we’ll just take a nice trip to Winston’s estate in California,” he joked.
“Kid, I am trying to make you feel better and you are doing this all to spite me,” Tony laughed. “Swallow it this time. Swallow or no cookie. Got it?”
So Steve didn’t miss the way Tony’s eyes grew dark or his cheeks grow warm. He didn’t miss how Tony’s body instinctively started to gravitate toward his. He certainly didn’t miss how for a brief moment Tony allowed himself to smile shyly at Steve saying he loved him.
He hadn’t meant to say those harsh things to Tony. He had originally been excited to come back to America first to see his family, then to see Tony again. Tony made things better with his jokes, innuendos, and playful jabs at Fury and Phil. Clint would have liked to say he didn’t mean anything, but Natasha was right. At some point this wall he built to protect himself from gaining a family and quickly losing them, fell second-nature to him. Funny how this wall built to protect him was the one that actually made him lose his brother.
Ryder only dug harder until he pulled his hands away to push his boxers down. His cock sprang up and Tony’s eyes rolled back in hopes that for once Ryder would be gentle this time.
It was a long journey, full of self-doubt at time. But Tony was forever thankful for his family’s encouragement and help any time that he needed it.
Steve lingered for a few moments unsure and just when Tony thought he was going to leave he sat back down on the couch and stayed.
Cali bit her lip and shied her glance away from him. “I said nothing.”
All he needed was a verbal confession.
He was entirely grateful that it was freezing outside and his choice of apparel wouldn’t be questioned. Plus the turtleneck would hide the bruises that Ryder had left above the collar. Thankfully none of his marks above his neck had stayed. Ryder had at least been mindful of that.
Tony sat back comfortably, nursing a cup of orange juice that had mysteriously wound up in his hands. His mouth was tilted up in an honest genuine smile as he watched the children run back and forth through the house. There were instances where he had to warn them not to run because he had seen some of the smaller children trip.
“Well, if you’re quite certain I know all that happened why are you asking me? Surely, we were in the same room when the events transpired, or whatever events you’ve manipulated yourself into believing has happened.”
Miles looked up at him grinning and said, “It was so much fun! Mrs. Frederick let us do free draw today in art class and I drew the whole solar system. She even showed it to the whole class and asked to hang it up on the wall. But I said no, cause I wanted baba and you to see it first. Then I’ll let her have it and she said that’s okay she can wait.”
to tell him all of this.
Ryder’s mouth turned downward. “Excuse me?”
Steve jumped a little in his spot then turned sheepishly toward Sharon. “Sorry Sharon. Were you saying something?”
Steve’s heart sank and he held back from collecting Tony into his arms, but at the same time he wanted nothing more than to find Ryder and put his shield through his neck. Tony kept babbling a mixture of this being a dream then altered into screams of him not wanting anyone to touch him.
“I’m not. Okay, well maybe a little. But that was back when I was in high school. Experimented a bit, but it didn’t get me going. But hey Tony this guy has a pretty face. I’m sorry if that’s inappropriate,” Isak apologized.
“It really isn’t, but I would much rather send you home later, than to send you home too early and find out that something is wrong,” Pepper admitted.
“Who’s going somewhere?” Bucky questioned appearing behind Steve.
Peter turned toward Steve and raised his eyebrows, when Clint said lover boy. “Lover boy,” he mouthed to Natasha.
Then when Steve and Bucky came back from wherever they were he observed Steve’s eyes brighten as he sat in front of where Tony was sitting. Bucky sat beside Steve and looked up as Tony poked Bucky’s arms talking about all the new designs he was working on, while his hand ran through Steve’s hair.
And he couldn’t find himself back into this living room because somehow all of those memories were easier to face then tuning into Clint’s questioning and Steve’s silent acceptance.
“Kill him,” Clint choked leaning forward. “What…is that something that we need to be concerned about?”
“No facial recognition in the database,” FRIDAY noted with what sounded like a bit of disappointment.
Tony turned watery eyes toward Rhodey. Rhodey’s heart clenched and he was trying his hardest not to end this phone call and schedule a flight back to see Tony. But Tony was right in saying he couldn’t miss his physical therapy appointment. So he checked in his disappointment and hoped his words would tide him over until he could make a personal visit.
Miles looked up from where he was now connecting the dots on his coloring worksheet. Ryder reached into his pocket and pulled out a pack of bubble gum balls. He waved them in the air and held it out to Miles.
Tony’s cheeks warmed up. “That’s…uh good.”
Ryder pushed Tony off of the bed. Tony’s shoulder gave a loud pop and he let out a loud cry of agony. Ryder looked down at him.
Steve raised a brow.
“Don’t apologize for crying Stevie. Been so strong this past month, it was bound to happen. Can’t keep all of that in,” Bucky calmly asserted.
“Hey, Peter,” Tony answered. “Everything alright at home?”
He closed his eyes because at least in his dreams they came for him. There he could pretend that he wasn’t being left in the cold once more.
There was some rustling going on the other side of the phone. Tony waited with bated breath before a bright voice came through the phone.
He was losing Tony and he couldn’t afford to do that certainly not now.
They both walked back to the waiting room, where Helen had since then left. Steve sat down and Bucky turned to him. Steve leaned his head down between his knees and tried ignoring how weak he felt, knowing there was nothing he could do.
Ryder groaned. “It seems like you were right about Rogers actually being a problem and the whole Avenger family and Tony’s joy of adopting strays.”
“I musn’t be long, before Ryder discovers my absence.”
All too sudden, he felt acid burning at the back of his throat.
“Yeah, I…well you know he’s like a little brother and I gotta make sure he’s okay, ya know? Plus I figured if he saw we weren’t scared then it’d be fine.”
Steve looked over at Bucky and smiled, knowing immediately where his thoughts were. Bucky smirked back slightly, mouthing, “Punk.”
As though fearing that there was still a chance for either, he let his hand travel alongside his stomach in search for any patches there. That had been Ryder’s favorite place to put them.
“I love him like family you know,” Steve whispered, chest burning with his admission to Natasha. “And I thought so many bad things have happened in his life if I could just protect him from this one thing…this terrible thing I could finally protect him.”
“I wasn’t close to him,” Steve told him.
He wondered at what point he had stopped acting. The emotions had certainly become real, even if the words coupled with them had no ounce of truth to them.
“Hurts baba,” Miles coughed into his shoulder.
Thankfully, they were able to make their reservation. Tony settled into his seat in the dimly lit booth that the hostess led them to. Ryder leaned across the table as he pressed a kiss to Tony’s cheek. He leaned back as he brought his thumb to rub across the place his lips had been. Tony’s eyes sparkled from the lit candlelight.
“Alright bambino. May?”
“I’m not interesting enough?”
“Exactly. You didn’t meant to. It wasn’t a conscious thing. It was unconscious,” Pepper realized, eyes widening with the realizations she just made. “Which means that somewhere deep inside of you all, you really think that Tony isn’t fit to do what he was doing long before the Avengers came along. You all collectively set out to blame him for anything wrong that happened due to the Avengers because you all never thought he deserved to be an Avenger. You all never trusted him.”
The sound of ringing stopped Clint’s statement. Soon all of them silenced themselves as Steve ran back to his phone. Natasha discreetly sent commands for FRIDAY to track the call and motioned that they all remain silent. Even Steve who had begun to say hello was silenced by Natasha. Now he knew why. It didn’t seem like Tony even knew he had called Steve.
“Mr. Stark,” a gravelly voice interrupted Tony’s train of thought.
“How we all what?” Steve softly whispered, not wanting to scare Tony into not talking.
Natasha narrowed her eyes at the sibling’s part, but remained silent.
“I know for a fact Clint probably told you to say that, didn’t he?” Tony asked.  “I like to say that the other team should be disqualified, since they were bribed.”
Steve’s throat tightened.
It wasn’t anything special to look at, but to Tony that simple gesture meant everything.
Ryder wandered somewhat aimlessly in the tower. He didn’t too much mind the silence of the building and found a slight appreciation in its beauty. He distinctly missed Tony, but only for some sort of entertainment. He refused to admit to himself there was anything more toward missing Tony’s presence. However, as he thought about the lack of Tony he remembered his discussion with him nearly a month ago. A smile formed on his face that day, realizing that Steve had fallen right into his plan.
“Captain,” Miles said. He tugged on his pants leg and Steve pulled him onto his lap so that they could be nearly eye level.
“Can you even hear yourself right now? You’re-”
“Yeah, well when you basically grew up with absent parents you had to learn how to make your own food. Plus Jarvis’ wife, Ana, was our cook and I often gravitated toward her so she taught me everything I know about food,” Tony said smiling fondly.
“You have a month. Any questions, comments, or concerns may be met with me and I will try making the adjustments with Tony,” Pepper told her.
One of the girls in the little black widows spy corporation tugged on Tony’s pants leg. Tony looked down at her. Other girls in the group, about nine of them, also gathered around Tony.
“Ryder,” Tony brokenly whispered.
“You were right,” Ryder bit out angrily.
Steve didn’t, but only soothed his hands over the back of Tony. That was the moment, Tony’s body decided to repel all the acid that had been building up in his body. Tony kept throwing up, despite his mind telling his body not to. All through it Steve hadn’t let go.
“Mhm, yeah I see that smile Tones,” Rhodey said.
“Okay, cool. I’ll come with you. Just let me freshen up real quick and we can go,” Clint said. “I’m tired of being in this house all day and I need a break.”
Steve handed off the soup, a warning on his lips about how hot it may be. He then placed the bottle of water on the bedside table and took a seat at the edge of Tony’s bed. Tony had wanted to complain and ask why he was so far away.
“Who all has signed it?” Steve questioned, glowering as Natasha began to scan the document.
“I’ve got you. I promise I won’t let them hurt you again because I love you. You love me.”
Luka obeyed and grabbed Tony’s shoulders to push him down into the tub. Tony gasped his lungs filling with water. His vision became blank. His body came up.
“And that’s how we meet. Can we not talk about Ryder anymore for right now?”
“Thanks FRIDAY,” Steve said. “I’m glad to be back.”
“And I fell in love with you and I couldn’t stop. I couldn’t stop imagining how it would be if I told you my feelings…whether you would accept them. If you did, I felt like everything…those 70 years in ice would be worth it just if I could have you,” Steve honestly proclaimed.
Steve’s blue eyes settled heavily on Tony’s brown ones. Steve steppe closer. “Yeah, I’m extremely patient figuring that I haven’t kissed you yet when everything inside of me wants to pull you close,” Steve said raising a hand to Tony’s waist. He waited to see if his touch would be allowed and once Tony grew closer, he allowed his arm to encircle his waist. “And kiss you until I lose all the breath from my chest.”
Pepper looked as though the wind had been knocked out of her chest. She stumbled briefly hands placed firmly on the smooth mahogany desk. She wonderd how Tony always managed to see the best in people. Him seeing the best in people always managed to bite him in the rear end. Pepper had made a conscious decision a long time ago that she would protect Tony. She reflected bitterly on the night that Rhodey and she had seen Tony have his first breakdown since he was 23. And it was all because of
