“You’ve got some gray coming in,” Dean finally says, and Cas pauses, the razor hovering inches over his face. He’s got half-foam and half-clean shaven going on and it’s kinda funny.
--started crying, and Dean had to switch spots and let Jack’s tiny hand wrap around one of his fingers. Only then did Jack stop crying.
But Dean’s already pretty lucky, he thinks, and whatever happens next year might be different, but it’ll still be good. It might even better, because he won’t get apple juice spilled on himself regularly.
After a dinner of eggplant parmesan (eggplants? Not so bad either, as it turns out, although eating them is always vaguely embarrassing since Claire visited and taught Cas what the eggplant emoji means), Eileen ushers them all into the garage, and Dean’s mouth nearly drops open.
“Stop reading ‘em, let’s go meet some people,” Dean says, grabbing Cas arm, and it briefly occurs to Cas that what he
While Jack sets about drawing (there are several of his drawings from school stuck to the fridge–studies in crayon with
The words start sticking in his chest. “I miss you. Every goddamn day. Why aren’t you here with me? Why’d you have to say all that and then leave me alone? Why’d you–” Dean’s voice breaks, cutting him off. He takes a deep breath. “I wish you were here, Cas. I love you.”
He never told Cas, he realizes, about what happened after he left Cas in purgatory–seeing him everywhere, hearing his voice…
The fact that the body does that is probably what saved Cas’s life--he took too many sedatives and threw half of them up, and that gave just enough time for his mom to come home from book club, call around the house for him, and then call for an ambulance.
That afternoon, Cas is halfway through finishing a lab report for his chemistry class when he hears his apartment’s front door open and shut. Since Dean is sitting across from him at their kitchen table, reading a book about pea cultivation, Cas figures that it’s Meg.
Despite the fact that they were only in the hotel for three nights, they managed to get their stuff strewn all around the room, and after two last morning sessions of presentations, it takes them nearly an hour to pack (partially because Dean believes less in packing and more in randomly shoving everything into his suitcase.)
There’s another protracted moment of staring, and then Dean sits up and edges a little closer to Cas. “I guess that makes this our first date then, huh?”
During their nearly-daily breakfasts together, Cas is often content to just sit and take the morning in while Dean and Meg bicker fondly about something (today’s topic is midterm exams).
Aging was never something he worried about; in the back of his mind, he was going to be young forever. He was going to go down on a hunt some day, a kitsune or a rugaru getting one last swipe at him, and then his body would go up on a pyre, his face etched into everyone’s memories as unlined for eternity.
“Right.” Cas rummages through the toolbox in front of him and hands Dean the right wrench. Dean grunts out a thanks and then gets to doing…something under the Impala. Cas isn’t quite sure what.
They didn't go inside immeadiately, though. Instead, Dean took Cas’ hand in his, slowly and tentatively, and Cas’ wings stretched out over both of them, warming in the waning sun, and for the first time in a while, things were genuinely calm.
“The way we talk to ourselves matters, Cas. If you treat yourself like you’re expendable, you’ll feel expendable.”
This is one of those times where his mind drifts back, back to the beginning. Cas is human now and finds it odd sometimes how far his memories stretch while he knows when the clock runs out. For one who was created to be infinite, knowing the end is unprecedented, but not necessarily unwelcome.
She finds Cas in his office, staring out the window with a desolate expression on his face. Charlie loops an arm around his shoulders and Cas jolts.
“According to university records,” McGee said, “She started teaching there five years ago, and her emphasis is Shakespeare.”
“Cas hasn’t gotten around to growing mint yet,” Dean says, “He’s on a flower kick right now. But that sounds great.”
“Right. Forgot about that, sorry.” Dean leans around Cas and grabs the blue roll of shop towels. “You can wipe it off with some of these.”
“It’s nearly eight o’clock,” Rufus says, waving a hand at the living room, where the home phone is. “If they need us that badly they’ll call again.”
It was quiet in his bedroom, too--the only sound in the darkness was Cas’ soft breathing beside him--but here the quiet felt
“Like…” Dean lets out a low, whistling sigh. “I’m going home this weekend.” He’s fidgeting, and Cas wants nothing more than to reach out to the man next to him and take one of his hands, hold it still.
“Yeah. You want us to throw rocks at their windows, we’ll do it. You want us to all go to a pride parade, it’ll happen. You want us to wallpaper your kitchen with the rainbow flag? Well, we’ll have to ask Dean about that one first but he’ll probably be okay with it.”
“Cas, human or angel, cursed or not, whatever form you come in…you know that we–I still need you, right?” No, that’s not it–Dean has said that he
“I can’t wait for you to get back,” Castiel says, and Charlie just about drops all the papers. That’s not the way casual friends or coworkers (because while Castiel leads the ground science team and Dean leads the space team, they are supposed to be working together) talk to each other.
Cas is just sliding out from under the car they’d been working on, an old Volvo that Bobby said had been brought to his scrapyard last week but was still in pretty good condition, when he hears the rumbling of Rufus’ truck returning.
3. When you come out of the shower, he’ll have practically mummified himself in the blankets. Roll him out of the blankets so that you can have at least one.
After the reception is over (and Dean uses his second drink ticket to get Cas some whiskey), Cas lets Dean take the first shower, opting to sit on the bed and watch what’s on TV. It’s playing reruns of the Australian version of
“You’re sure?” Castiel asked. They’d brought him with them to see if he could shed any light on what she had to say.
Cas, as always, can tell what’s eating at him, and he moves away, pulling Dean’s fingers away from the mug and setting it on the kitchen table. Then he takes Dean’s fingers and presses them against his wrist. After a few seconds, Dean starts to feel Cas’ heartbeat, steady and regular.
“Anything,” Dean replies. “The sky’s the limit, and I don’t have work tomorrow. How about you think of some things and we talk about it at dinner?”
These little moments of morning intimacy, where Dean rolls to be nearer to Cas, loops an arm around Cas’s waist, pulls him in close, are kind of the best. Despite the fact that Dean is typically the one initiating, holding Cas in his arms, he feels warm and comforted, too.
“C’mon, Cas,” Dean says (that’s another one of his things, the nickname), “It’ll be fun, and didn’t you skip last year’s? I wanna see you in a suit.”
There’s the usual chatting while the cashier scans their items--how Jack is, what new tricks Miracle has learned, how far Eileen is along with the baby (twenty-one weeks, so about halfway there, there’s been a lot of teasing Cas about that time he bought a dumpster full of diapers), the bees...Cas can talk to nearly anyone about anything.
Subjectively, this hunt went well. They tracked down the kitsune, they realized that she wasn’t the cause of the string of murders, they found a werewolf and ganked it. The kitsune thanked them and moved on.
Cas complied, and a moment later Dean was lying down next to him, the proximity too great to bear. He resisted the urge to lean into Dean’s personal space, but then Dean made the decision for him, throwing an arm around Cas.
They both get out of the car, and Dean goes around to the trunk to pull out the spare tire and his tools. Cas stands at the front of the Impala–Dean looks up at him for a second, Cas’ trenchcoat waving in the wind, buffeted by the combination of the breeze and speed of passing cars.
He sips on his ginger ale politely from his post in the corner after prodding  Dean to go mingle. Dean shouldn’t miss out on all the opportunities afforded by the conference just because Castiel isn’t quite so social.
Tim froze the footage’s frame on a man with a grimace, a buzz-cut, and a grizzled jaw. Dean swallowed audibly.
brought Mick here, begged Meg and Dean to hang out with him even though they didn’t like him, and now Dean is--
Dean sets down his book, observing the scene with interest, while Cas unties the plastic shopping bag. The first thing he sees is an envelope with
Dean, like the stupidly in love fool he is, replies, “Of course,” without thinking of the consequences.
“Okay.” Dean attempts to gather all of the reassurance he can muster. “First of all, he’s not even four years old yet. When Sam was four, he would get mad about someone changing the TV channel. If someone in his family up and died, he would probably be even more upset.” Dean has to stop for a moment as his brain catches up to his analogy and he remembers that he was four when his mom died and he stopped fucking talking for a year.
going to the grocery store. It’s making the list and deciding which car to take and telling everyone he’s leaving and driving and parking and going inside and finding everything and checking out and loading the car and driving back and bringing the groceries in and putting them away.
sweet,” Alex simpers to Dean, and Cas decides to go find the aforementioned turkey before his face does anything embarrassing.
Cas made a rude gesture that Dean was pretty sure he’d learned from Dean himself, but consented to follow Dean out of the car and into the mattress store.
Castiel looks at the floor, drags a finger through the condensation on his glass. “I go on walks at night sometimes, stargaze, look at the city.”
for a little while. Dean lets the sounds of campus wash over him–the beeps of golf carts, other students walking around, maybe getting lunch or playing a game of frisbee between classes or studying for finals themselves. It’s a nice day–cool breeze, not too hot, the trees that shadow the quad dappling the light around them.
dean sighs, hefting up another flimsy cardboard box of mystery novels, before almost getting hit in the face by a bookshelf cas is carrying.
“Just thought you would like these,” Cas says, and Dean takes them and tries to prevent his face from doing anything stupid while Cas goes to the passenger’s side door.
“I went to roughly half of high school, Cas. And I barely had enough attendance to move onto the next grade.”
“Geez. If that’s not suspicious, I don’ t know what is.” Kevin stares pointedly at the stack of forms in Charlie’s hand. “If you’re not getting those signed right now, want to help me do some tests?”
“Hydroplaned,” Dr. Moseley says. “It can happen to anyone, especially at speeds past thirty miles per hour. The roads got slick fast with that storm rolling through.”
He woke up at four and watched Cas breathe next to him for a full hour, continually reassuring himself that Cas was, in fact, still alive. Eventually he started feeling like a crazy person and hauled himself out of bed, which landed him where he is now, standing in front of the big bay window in their kitchen, nursing a cup of coffee.
(Dean takes Zoloft. Meg jokes that they could start their own depression pharmacy. Dean jokes that he’s never talking to her again. Cas doesn’t joke unless it’s an accident.)
But he knows that this time he didn’t almost drown, because he doesn’t have the same raw feeling in his chest, and there aren’t whispers about
Dean follows suit, laying the flowers on the seat next to him, and then puts the keys in the ignition again. He feels a hand on his shoulder and turns just in time for Cas to kiss him. Cas is smiling into it, and Dean can’t help but smile, too.
So now they’re at the drugstore, with Dean watching Cas pore over the different tubes of toothpaste like they’re lore for a hunt.
When he was a kid, he never had a choice–he had to follow along with what his dad wanted, getting revenge, like it would be a rescue mission for their family. Even when John Winchester was long gone, though, Dean still didn’t have a choice; he had to keep going, had to get whatever was out there before it got him. Save the world. Avert the apocalypse. Defeat God. Over and over and over again, Dean had to do these things, and when the puppet strings were finally cut, he thought he’d get peace.
not sturdy enough for this) when everything goes upside down and his head hits the floor. Luckily, there’s a rug instead of just tile, but when Cas opens his eyes, he still has to blink a few times for Dean’s face above his to come into view. Dean’s expression is concerned until Cas starts laughing.
. Ever since they’d decided to strike out on their own, Cas had gotten really into being involved. He volunteered at the library, helped out at the community garden, and went to church, despite Dean’s protests that their
. This is the third time he’s pinned Dean down in as many minutes, and Dean is pretty sure the neck hold he’s using is purposeful.
It all comes rushing back to him–a tearful confession, then a shaking knife in his hand as he carved names, each more precious than the last, into a table. Holding out a gun in front of a careless god and then dropping it to the ground, remembering the words of that confession. A month of silence. Then, one day, a glimmer of hope, a thread of magic Dean followed until he found his way into inky blackness, seizing a familiar hand right before getting spit back out.
(Except for Claire, Patience, Kaia, Alex, and Jack, who all disappeared up to Jack’s room at some point. They’re probably just playing Legos and not accidentally corrupting his son or starting another apocalypse, but Cas makes a mental note to go upstairs and check.)
There are other things that they can do besides talking, anyways, and things are just getting good (and going to require another bath, probably), when Cas hears a suspicious noise from downstairs that makes him stop short.
If Cas wasn’t asking it before, he definitely is now, with Dean’s face in full view: ruddy cheeks, pupils blown wide, hair tousled, looking down at Cas like he’s the only thing in the world.
Cas hasn’t seen Mick since the failed sorta-date (does hanging out with your best friends count as a date?), and he’s been mostly glad for it, although a kernel of guilt remains; Cas doesn’t like to let people down.
Dean and Cas are, for some reason, hurt (she hopes they hadn’t done anything stupid), and she can deal with practical shit later.
,” Dean says emphatically, dropping his wrench as, yet again, the car he’s working on fails to start. Bobby frowns at him.
“We’ve only got an hour left.” Dean glances at the speedometer and eases off the gas pedal. “It’ll be fine.”
Well, one of those ideas led to Castiel’s arranged marriage that is the whole reason he’s on the Godspeed. A fact that is easy to forget in Elder’s presence, but Castiel can’t let himself get too comfortable.
Cas can tell as he walks downstairs that Dean’s not home–if he was, music would be playing and there would be the smell of bacon frying. As it is, Cas
Three months after Cas’s final death, smiling through tears as he shoved Dean aside, Dean gets a call from Claire.
At first it was the standard stuff–burgers, PB & Js, beer: things that Cas knew he liked already. Then they started branching out, going to the grocery store together (Dean holds his hand), picking out vegetables and different ice cream flavors and deciding which kind of milk Cas likes best.
“I think another one’s dying.” Cas keeps his voice light, but Dean can feel in his body language that he’s disappointed.
“Ha!” Meg waves her pen at him triumphantly. “I knew you were never gonna answer me if I asked whether you two had kissed.”
Cas woke up Monday morning to a freezing--and empty--bed. He sat up, rubbing his eyes and sliding his feet into his slippers next to his bed. He could hear the radio playing from downstairs, overlapped with toddler chatter.
Dean’s eyes flutter open when he hears Cas enter and he sits up, saying softly, “I know sleeping with babies can be bad, cuz I read one of those books you got, but he just...” Dean turns his gaze to Jack. “He doesn’t go to sleep unless I do this.”
“Yeah, because I want to be in control and know that everyone’s--” he’s doing the fist thing again, so Cas reaches out this time, uncurls his fingers. “I want to make sure everyone’s okay,” Dean finishes.
Today, Dean is lying face first on his bed, feeling utterly exhausted despite the fact that all he did today was the laundry. He wants a whiskey. He wants to go out. He wants to sleep for a million years.
The coffee pot’s still on, half a pot left, one of Cas’s favorite mugs, a chipped thing from the thrift store that bears the logo of the local auto shop that Dean’s started working part-time at, just for something to do, next to it. And next to that, a note in Dean’s untidy, all-caps scrawl:
Dean shook his head, grinning. "Snow day for everyone. Jack's daycare is closed, anyways--his teacher sent an email."
Cas practically echoes Sam’s words from earlier. “Jimmy would be…forty-five? Forty-six? Although this is…” He looks down at his body. “Less of a vessel now.”
Dean remembers a night, nearly ten years ago now, where they were certain to die the next day and he still found himself bowed over in laughter, had told Cas that was the hardest he’d laughed in years. That was a bad time. But he mainly remembers the peculiar smile on Cas’s face, less lined then, less marked by time, as he had laughed.
(Sometimes there’s coffee cake or a pastry instead of eggs if Dean’s stress-baking because of a test.)
This, at least, is definitely obvious, the way he keeps staring at Cas, letting gaps fall into their conversation. The hallway is empty besides them, and this is the closest Dean’s gotten to look at Cas so far. From farther away, his hair is black, but up close Dean can see dark brown interspersed throughout. The intensity of his eyes, though, is the same--bluer than blue, bluer than the seaglass, like...kiddie pool. Bottom of a kiddie pool from Wal-Mart.
In fact, he’s done horrible things to the man whose hand he’s holding right now, holding tight as Dean drags him through the shopping mall in search of the rest of their family.
They do these things now, figuring out how to remove the reusable mop head (and how to put it back on) and which brand of trash bags are the best and the easiest way to clean out a garbage disposal (it involves lemons).
Cas has just asked Dean if he wants to go out to the pier to get ice cream. The thermometer nailed to the doorjamb outside on the tiny front porch reads sixty and it’s threatening rain, as always, clouds gathering, rubbing the sky a hungry grey, but they slept in late and Dean made biscuits and then they missed lunch, so there’s no better time for ice cream, and Dean thinks about it, leaned back on their couch that’s covered in old threadbare blankets left by past tenants.
So instead, he decides to go with talking about the bath, because at least that doesn’t require him to divulge the scant details of his semi-nonexistent love life.
. For the record–” He unlocked his phone (his lock screen was him and Cas at a football game, which they mostly went to so they could hang out with friends and test their ability to sneak beer into the stadium) and went to his photos before shoving his phone into Cas’s face.
“Okay, fair.” Dean laughed, scooting closer to Cas until their chests were nearly touching, and when he spoke again Cas felt it. “But you just…I dunno. I–if you didn’t mean what you said, before you left, I–I get it, you know. Things have changed and–”
“This feels yucky!” Jack complains, looking at his pajamas in dismay, and Dean can already sense the tears coming.
(And when they abandon their homework five minutes later for a soft brush of lips and the faint taste of coffee, it’s more than enough, too, more than Dean would ever let himself ask for. But he still asks for more.)
Then all that’s left is underwear, and suddenly they’re naked, on the bed, in the lamplight, and Cas starts to wonder if he’s fallen into some magical dreamworld where he gets to have this.
“He went to get dinner. We thought that you might not want to go anywhere.” Cas sinks down so he’s looking directly at Dean. “How are you feeling?”
Dean shifts slightly as Cas gets up, but doesn’t awaken. Cas is extra careful as he pads out of their room and to the bathroom–the floors of their new-old house creak, and he’s sure to miss the boards that he knows make the most noise.
Dean and Cas themselves are in the middle of the bed, Dean with his back against the headboard and Cas slumped over in his lap, a bandage wrapped around one of his arms. The TV plays, just quiet enough not to disturb their slumber, the glow of the screen mingling with mid-afternoon sunlight filtering in through the window.
Then a family walks by, a mom and a dad and a little girl sitting in the basket holding a stuffed rabbit and a slightly older boy walking beside the cart, poking his sister, and Dean hears a snippet of their chatter. They’re planning a barbecue for the little girl’s birthday, apparently, inviting the extended family. It’s so fucking
Breakfast after that is a joyous affair–Eileen and Cas sign rapidly across the table about something (Dean doesn’t catch all of it but from what he does understand he thinks Eileen is updating Cas on what happened to Chuck), and Sam produces a box of sugary cereal for Jack, and it’s all
Sam sighs inwardly and keeps reading his book. Dean’s never going to admit to being in love with Cas unless he’s pushed, is he?
He runs out onto the porch, and there’s Cas--across the street, walking slowly down the sidewalk, holding his button-down in one hand.
It was originally Cas’ idea to buy a house and move out of the cramped apartment they’d lived in since they graduated from college, and Dean quickly fell in love with it and the recently remodeled small, Victorian-style house they found. The whole finishing-college thing was five years ago, and in that span of time a lot’s happened: Cas has a master’s degree now, they got a dog, and, about a month ago, they got engaged.
“Well, it looks like the two of you are having a great time,” Dean says, and Daphne laughs (she laughs a lot, Cas has noticed, like it’s some sort of punctuation mark.)
They’d sat on the floor of their room and, between bites of pie, Cas told him that he was gay (which didn’t shock Dean at all, really) and that he had told his parents (now that shocked him). Apparently they hadn’t reacted well. That night, they’d both slept in Dean’s bed, because he didn’t want Cas to be alone.
Cas finally climbs out of bed, watching with a smile how Dean rolls over in his sleep and steals Cas’s pillow, holding it tight in his arms, before heading downstairs. Perhaps he’ll make a cup of tea or read and wait out the storm. Before he can turn to the kitchen, though, he notices a light on down the first-floor hallway.
Cas slips his feet out of his sandals and props them on the dashboard–Cas is the only person Dean lets do that, because Cas is the only person Dean lets do a lot of things.
That’s all Castiel knows about his mysterious future partner. No picture, no last name, no occupation, just Dean from Zanus. He hasn’t spent time wondering what this Dean knows of him, because it’s probably about the same.
But what has always struck her the most, outside of his love for bees and random ability to quote all the
“I’m not really sure,” Dean says, and they both laugh. “Her name is Miracle, I think her breed is just ‘good dog.’ She loves to dig, though.”
Being released from the stranglehold of the almighty is a beautiful thing but even freedom is complex, uneasy. Dean has nightmares now, and he can’t hide them, not from Cas at least.
Dean isn’t in bed, but is instead sitting by the window in just his pajama pants, the glow of the sun casting rays over him. Cas feels a little bit like maybe he should avert his eyes, but he also loves being able to look and take Dean in.
After spending about ten minutes wrestling a wriggling almost-four-year-old into his coat, hat, and mittens, they were ready to go out.
Cas just likes the tide pools and a little bit of quiet time in the morning, when the sand is cool between his toes, the sky’s blue still slightly murky, the beach quiet.
It’s four days after the wreck, and Cas is figuring things out. There’s something he wants to say, something he’s gotta say, to Dean. There’s no way that Dean doesn’t know--if he doesn’t know, he hasn’t been paying attention, but still.
bread and slathering it with butter, layering on thick slices of sharp cheddar, pressing the sandwich with the cast-iron skillet.
“Wasn’t fine,” Dean mumbles. Passes the washcloth over Cas’s stomach. Swallows. “I was in a bad place when I got here. You know that better than anyone. I only came to college ‘cuz my mom always wanted me to. When she died...when she died we’d been making a list of schools to visit. She was so excited.” Dean’s starting to choke on his words now. “And meeting you and Meg...it probably saved my fucking life.”
Dean is close again, like he was last night at Bobby’s, his cheeks curiously pink, eyes searching Cas’s face.
He’s at the grocery store. He’s not a kid anymore, stealing food because his mom’s dead and his dad’s well on the way, half-drunk on sorrow and all the way drunk on booze. He has a family waiting for him–
“Uh, sure? Let’s go somewhere else.” Dean takes one last look at Jack’s swaddled form and then leads Castiel out of his bedroom and to another room, which Cas has never been in before and is barren except for some armchairs and a foosball table.
Dean’s looking at something on his phone, propped up by the pillows, but he puts his phone down when Cas climbs into bed, rolling over to face Cas.
, but Dean’s not looking to deal with another tantrum. Dean’s not as young as he used to be, though, and it’s with great relief that he finally hip-checks the pediatric clinic’s door open and deposits Jack onto a chair.
Dean rolls his eyes. “Yeah, yeah, okay. After we take care of ‘whatever it is,’ let’s take a trip down the west coast. Just to see what we can see.”
Cas is sprawled out next to him, idly fiddling with the pages of Dean’s book, and Dean reaches out and takes it from him, shutting the book and setting it aside. Cas stares into the distance.
Well, Dean’s gonna be truthful for a second. He’s tried to say it before, in different words, words like
In a few minutes, Meg and Dean will help Cas get up and they’ll head inside to cheer on their friends (and some strangers) at not-quite-beer-pong. Someone’ll find the channel on the TV with the ball drop, a re-run since midnight passed two hours ago in Times Square, but here in Lincoln, Nebraska, they’re still living in the past. At the countdown, Dean’ll lean Cas against the back of the couch for a New Year’s kiss. It won’t be their best kiss, but that’s because every one keeps getting better.
Finally, after about thirty more minutes of conversation while various other students they’ve met this week drift in and out of the discussion and another ginger ale for Cas, Dean tugs on Cas’ arm.
Dean lets out a long-suffering sigh, unable to believe that forty-two years of existence have brought him here, trapped under a mattress while trying to get the angel who he’s in love with to help him. “Fine. You were right about the mattress.”
Much of the area around the graveyard looked similar, if a little older. At the first open shop they got to, a diner, Cas went inside and talked to the lady at the counter before coming out clutching a newspaper.
“I’ve got to pee,” Cas said by way of greeting, and then pressed a kiss to Dean’s cheek before rolling out of bed and stumbling down the hall.
“C’mon, Cas,” Dean says, moving his hand down hold Castiel’s, interlacing their fingers. “Let’s go on that walk.”
but instead he just finds Dean’s hands where they’re latched around his waist and slowly tries to pry Dean’s fingers up.
“I, uh...” Castiel holds out the book. “I ordered this. For you. You told me in the teacher’s lounge last month that you lost your copy and it’s your favorite book?”
Lorraine listens to the story of Cas’s weekend in Kansas--Cas briefly mentions Dean’s ordeal with his father, but keeps the meat of it to himself, since that’s Dean’s business, even if Lorraine is sworn not to divulge information--with rapt interest, except she doesn’t take notes like she normally does, which Cas finds a bit unusual.
“Do you wanna stop?” Dean asks, and Cas considers the question. Part of him does, the part of him that worries that this’ll ruin their friendship, that he’ll lose Dean.
Dean shrugs. “I liked the movie.” He tightens the arm that’s around Cas. “Go back to sleep. You have a class at eight.”
They still haven’t talked about it, what happened when Castiel died and what he had said to Dean, but Castiel is beginning to wonder if maybe they don’t need to.
“I–” Jack sighs heavily, a twin to Cas’s sigh earlier, and Dean thinks that it really is uncanny how alike they are. He leans against the counter heavily. “We argued.”
To be fair to Castiel (or Cas, as he was more often called), he didn’t really deserve the title of arch-nemesis, but Dean was full of pent-up young adult rage and a hatred of ping pong.
Someone had told Cas once that “at least he could carry a rainbow flag” and after that Cas gave up on trying to explain that he’s not
“You did, didn’t you?” Dean uses one hand to hold Jack up and the other to tickle him, and Jack lets out another gurgling giggle.
“I wasn’t born at the dawn of time.” Cas sniffs. “I was born right after that. I’ll use September 18th.” He taps some more at the screen. “That makes me a Virgo.”
do some homework (he’s got a lab report due next week), but before that, there’s this: laughing and talking at the airport, and then Dean’s fingers laced through his on the plane and sharing headphones so they can watch a movie together. And those things?
“He runs to the park here,” Castiel said, pointing to Willard Avenue Neighborhood Park on the map, “And then back to our apartment the same way.”
“Wasn’t planning on it.” Cas is smiling at him, a little bit, and Dean lets himself curl up against his angel while they wait for Sam, with Cas rubbing slow circles over Dean’s back.
It probably didn’t help Cas much that they all had a wide variety of stories of how that went, that Charlie’s involved getting a weird tattoo, or that Dean started with, “It’s much easier when both your parents are dead.”
(Okay, I’m writing this later, but my best friend edited for me, and he said I would “be remiss not to mention that he’s also my husband.” Yes, with the air quotes and everything. So yeah. Another kick in the ass from the universe that day: don’t finally get the courage to tell your best friend you’re in love with him while he’s dying.)
Chris is the one who taught him that, a month in, when Cas said that he felt like he shouldn’t be struggling because worse things had happened to other people. Cas hadn’t even been eighteen then, what with his late birthday, and college had made him feel unmoored, like he was floating, trying to pull himself down to fit into some kind of little box of what would make him appear to be “normal.”
“Dean and Meg,” Lorraine says, “They see you as more than your attempt, and they’re the two people who know about it.”
Dean starts walking. He feels vaguely like he’s suffocating, but whatever the Empty is doing to press down on his lungs is nothing compared to the chokehold that Cas has on his heart. He’s gonna find him.
was very excited to share this because the backwards alphabet scene is one of my favorites xP new chapter next Thursday! you can find me on my
Dean sighed and turned to the cupboard to pull out a box of cereal and then something caught his eye on the kitchen table—there was his mug, steaming. And a bowl of fruit. And a plate with eggs and bacon.
“Pancakes,” Cas says, concentrating on pouring some batter, which is lumpy. “I think I made them right.”
The distance to the floor is not as much as it seems, but in his altered state, with his eyes still squeezed shut, it feels like diving from a great height, and he hits the floor with a
If one didn’t know that they were hunters, and that the gash in the suit jacket sleeve and the bandage on Cas’s arm were related to a hunt, they might assume a robbery, or a car wreck, or a fight. What they would not assume was the tenderness with which that wound was dressed in the cramped bathroom, the soothing kisses that followed the sharp pricks of the needle for makeshift stitches. They wouldn’t know that this moment of rest only came after a long drive and sleepless nights full of combing the news, that there were several close calls today, that the fact that both of them are, after all this time, still alive is a miracle.
The chase is exhilarating and for a long time there’s been nothing like the open road. But it sure is pretty nice to have a little something at the end of the journey to look forward to besides a salt-n-burn–friends, family, a soft bed, and a warm embrace.
Surprisingly, it works, and they end up at a place downtown called Miss Carousel that Kevin told Charlie got good reviews on Yelp.
Dean felt a curious tugging in his midsection, and glanced over at Cas to see Cas grabbing Dean’s wrist before everything went dark.
“That was a one-time special. And now I can watch you eat instead.” Elder brandishes the tray. “I brought breakfast.”
“You’re not supposed to be awake,” Claire says accusatorially and Dean returns her eye-roll with a matching one.
The other facts come to him--Dean’s dream girl likes cats and has two, has never read a science fiction novel, loves nature documentaries, has two older brothers, and...
Cas is weird, which makes sense, but he’s also a lot of fun. He makes all of Dena’s favorite things seem new again–he’s never listened to any music that isn’t classical or Christian radio, he’s never seen a color movie, and watching TV? Absolutely not. Dean’s gotten the opportunity to give him a crash course in all things Humanity, and along the way, he’s gained a friend.
Dean definitely remembers, the rescue seared into his eyelids almost as much as Cas’s tearful confession.
sound like a normal laugh, but Dean sits up and takes Jack into his arms, sitting the baby in his lap. “Did you just laugh? For the very first time?” Dean asks in that same baby voice. Jack tugs on his shirt.
“I don’t know,” Cas says thoughtfully, but Dean’s known him long enough to know that Cas is screwing with him. “We might have to try again.”
If someone were in Dean and Cas’s motel room right now, this is what they would see: leading up to the full-sized bed, a trail of dress shoes, two discarded ties, and two suit jackets, one with a giant rip in the sleeve. The covers are kicked off the bed, as if it wasn’t made this morning or the occupants left in a rush.
“It’s a 1967 Chevy Impala, and yes. She’s mine.” Dean lowers his voice conspiratorially. “Cas hates her.”
“Not too long.” Cas smiles, one of his little smiles he reserves for Dean. He looks comfortable, in jeans and socks and a sweatshirt with a penguin on it that Eileen got him for Christmas. He’s holding a mug of something in each hand.
Cas was still alive. It had just been a reflex–leaning down, pressing his lips frantically, desperately against Cas’. And then there was the aforementioned rush to the hospital, and then Dean hadn’t wanted to bring it up.
“Really? You’re afraid of flying on a plane but you want to watch a movie where a bunch of people die and a whole building is taken hostage on that plane?”
one of Dean’s favorite movies, though. It came out when he was fourteen, and he saved up for weeks after seeing promotional posters for it so that he could take Sam, who at the age of ten thought dinosaurs were
and then he recognizes the guy–it’s Castiel, the dude from the campus coffeeshop with the weird name that made a bunch of people look up, Dean included.
“How bad do you think it was?” Sam asks, trying to juggle the snacks in his arms so that he can knock on Dean and Cas’s apartment door.
.” Charlie was still laughing. “Literally since you two met. You could text Jo or Benny or Ash right now and they would all tell you the same thing. Hell, you could ask Sam, and he doesn’t even
Cas considers. He had planned to spend all of tomorrow, what would have been his and his ex-boyfriend Balth’s second anniversary, on the couch watching TV and eating popcorn, totally vegging out. They had broken up less than two months ago, and it still kind of stung, even if Cas knows, deep down, that Balth was never quite right for him.
Cas was a librarian at the local elementary school, and Dean worked for his uncle Bobby's auto shop, which meant that they were occasionally strapped for time when Jack's daycare closed but they still had work. Cas breathed a sigh of relief before setting Jack down and turning to the coffee maker. Snow or not, he was
Just seeing Cas look at him is comforting–the scattered stubble across Cas’s jaw from where he missed while shaving, the crinkles around his sleep-worn blue eyes, the death-defying angles his hair has decided to take up–but then Cas settles back down into the bed and wraps his arms tightly around Dean.
“But if I don’t get queso, he’ll complain about it.” Cas is getting lunch for both him and Dean, because Dean is, as always, running late. Dean would be more punctual if he wasn’t so friendly--he inevitably always finds someone to talk to when he’s walking across campus.
“Oh…” Dean said, looking down at his midsection, which was thick under the gown, as if it had a bandage wrapped around it. “Is this about me getting shot?”
died, there’s always been a deal. A demon. A malevolent god. For a moment there he thought that last thing was happening again, one of his final thoughts as the metal spike ripped through his body.
isn’t the first thing Dean says when he pulls Cas through the portal, covered in goo and bleeding from the throat. Instead, he strips his flannel off and presses it to Cas’s neck and all he can choke out is
“Morning, Meg,” Cas says, yawning and rubbing his eyes, before stopping in his tracks. “How did you get into my living room?”
“Well, all ISS expeditions are joint missions between the space agencies of a variety of nations. On Expedition 66 we had astronauts representing the United States, France, Russia, Japan, and the UK.”
It all feels a little too good to be true, that he’s here, in California. No Dad. As much as he hates to say it, no Dean. He keeps expecting something to spring up, looks around corners for monsters. Any mention of a robbery or something in the news turns into an investigation—could it be one of
Dean sighs, lifting Jack out of his carseat. Explaining the different between an M.D. and a Ph.D. to a pre-K student is futile, and Jack tells anyone that listens that Papa is a doctor and Daddy is a
So on Saturday, Dean rolls up outside Cas’s apartment. The complex is a lot nicer than Dean’s; in fact, Cas lives in a complex to start with, whereas Dean lives on the second story of a crappy townhouse that got chopped into four apartments. There’s a volleyball court and a pool here and Dean’s willing to bet that Cas’s kitchen counters aren’t all scratched up and that the paint’s not chipped.
“Dean usually makes fun of me a lot more,” Sam adds. “All these compliments are special ‘cuz you’re here.” He starts to wheel out of the living room. “Rufus is making pizza.”
They spend another hour in the museum after that. Right before they leave, Dean excuses himself to the bathroom and comes back a suspicious amount of time later, but Cas immediately forgets about that when Dean asks what they should do for dinner.
“Nope.” Dean shoved open the door to reveal Cas laying face-down on his bed, with his honeybee blanket Dean had gotten him for Christmas last year (it was
“Absolutely.” Cas settled back into watching the movie, as if deciding to marry Dean was the easiest thing in the world, but Dean got it.
Everyone goes around and shares a high and a low from the week (Cas is kind of amazed that Dean doesn’t bring up Mick, although he does pointedly glare at Cas), and then it’s time for open discussion.
After the final dismissal, Dean is ready to get back to their house. The weather’s nice, so instead of working on one of their cars he’s kind of thinking about helping Cas in his garden. They’ve got some good vegetables coming up, and Sam and Eileen are supposed to come to dinner tomorrow, so it might be nice to harvest some lettuce and carrots.
Cas muses on that. He’s not sure how he would describe himself, but he knows how Dean would do it, how Meg would.
(Adopting a baby is no joke. They didn’t have to potty train Emma and Claire, so this has been...well, a lot of work.)
After weeks of going to the hardware store for boards, nails, hinges, and, once, a new doorknob, the little lake house is finally fixed up enough for them to start painting.
“Fried eggs today,” Dean announces when Cas comes into the kitchen. As per usual, Cas’s coffee is already on the counter with the perfect ratio of cream and honey, and Dean is listening to music. Today is Billy Joel--one of Cas’s favorites, certainly not Dean’s top preference.
Castiel shook his head. “I tried to run with him a few times, but it’s not really my thing. And most of his friends lived in other places around DC.”
“Yeah.” Dean turns back towards the microwave, to throw away the plastic cheese wrappers, but Cas snags his wrist, brings their palms together.
Before the waterworks start, Dean manages to get Jack out of his pajamas, and then, naturally, Jack’s pull-up diaper needs to be changed.
Now Cas let Dean take his hands, and then Dean pulled him into his arms. “I’m sorry,” Dean said. “I didn’t mean to make you upset, I really didn’t think this through.”
Cas has been in the know about things not working out between them for the past few months, because, as Dean’s roommate and long-time best friend, he’s Dean’s number one confidant. He’s heard Dean’s rants about how Lisa hasn’t been communicating well, ignoring him for days on end and blowing off pre-planned dates with no notice. On Monday night, she stopped by their apartment to inform Dean that they were “growing apart.”
This is the kind of shit that Dean never let himself dream about, because he was pretty sure it wasn’t gonna happen, not to a guy like him. Misery had followed him nearly half his life, and that one time he’d tried the whole white picket fence thing after Sam’d gone to the cage, it hadn’t quite worked out.
It’s true–they hardly ever go on hunts anymore these days, instead doing things here, at the bunker, and in other places. When Dean goes on a drive with Cas riding shotgun, it’s not to search out the latest big bad or argue about yet another near-death experience, it’s to go to the grocery store or to see the sunset.
) with derision. Dean, who takes up the other half of their bed in the cramped apartment half a mile from campus, whose beers are crowding out all of Cas’s lettuce in the fridge, whose shoes are scattered by the front door, who has been watching all of Cas’s nature documentaries with him for the past year and a half and always lets Cas be the big spoon.
“Of course.” Cas inclines his head and says, “But watch out for Elizabeth over there. I showed the knitting group a picture of us and she said you were
“Like, how’d all the angels figure out they could heal people? With their grace? If you weren’t supposed to, y’know, like them?”
Ever since Cas had been yanked out of the Empty and turned human for good, he’s been incredibly forgetful. Dean chalks it up to a combination of the loss of grace and being middle-aged (did
Now Cas is smiling. “Except it wasn’t. You couldn’t get the grill to start at first, and Jack burned himself, and Miracle was scared of the fireworks, and Sam spilled his beer all over Eileen.”
aware that he’s shirtless. He had fallen asleep fitfully after Elder had eventually left, shedding all but his pants. He’d been somehow both too hot and too cold, and so he had tried to find a way to compromise. The temperature notwithstanding, the mattress in his chamber was so lumpy that he actually missed being cryogenically frozen, where he didn’t have to worry about comfort. Or anything else. “Because that’s creepy.”
Instead, Cas’s mind is drifting back to not even ten minutes ago, when Dean was wrapped around him, safe and secure, in the bed. A part of him hopes that Dean
“What about the passenger,” Meg starts, “Cas-Castiel Milton?” At the sound of Cas’s name, Dean lurches forward, and Meg grabs his shoulder.
or here in the front seat of the Impala at the drive-in, all it takes is Dean reaching out his hand to take Cas’s for Cas to practically
still clever and dangerous even without his mojo. And Dean was himself. They didn’t need luck or what have you. They could handle this hunt on their own.
Dean disappears into his room almost instantly and comes back into the kitchen a minute later with a dry flannel on and one of his hoodies in a hand that he stretches out to Cas. Part of Cas is loathe to take his shirt off in front of Dean, but then he remembers that Dean is his best friend, that Dean has seen him at some low lows, that yesterday Dean kept him company to take a bath, and then he strips off his wet t-shirt without a care and takes the sweatshirt.
Their first kiss was soft and tentative, and so was the second one, but on the third one Cas leaned into the contact, into just being touched and held, and it tipped. They stayed like that for a long time, lips parted, exploring, warming something inside of Cas’ chest.
this, didn’t he, to no longer be an angel and get to spend the rest of his days with his family? But there are discomforts that have come with it, and then there’s Dean’s resistance.
“Kinda interesting to see all those people before they were really famous,” Dean adds. “I mean, Robert Downey, Jr.? Tobey Maguire? Katie Holmes?”
,” Cas read. “This book is highly informative, although I wonder if parishioners regularly ask about the etymology of the terminology used for their leaders.”
So daytime temperatures in most of Kansas during February were in the forties and fifties, which doesn’t sound
Dean lets out a final breath and pushes the cart past the canned vegetables, on his way to decide what kind of ice cream Jack might like. Maybe birthday cake. Something colorful with way too much sugar.
As it turns out, Daphne’s research is on particle physics, and she’s actually already started her thesis. Dean and Cas do more engineering-based stuff, but there are still a lot of things that they can connect on, and he and Daphne trade stories about working in labs and crazy professors and late-night paper writing for at least an hour.
“I know, it’s just–” Well, it means it really happened. Cas is really human. No more grace. Which means the past year hasn’t been some kind of crazy dream.
They all caravan to the kitchen, where they’d set out snacks earlier in the afternoon (and then Meg ate some of them). Dean goes for the snacks first, scooping up some pretzels and then sorting out the broken ones. He hands the other cup to Cas.
Cas likes to start his days like this, quietly–reading on their front porch while the world wakes up around him. Dew is still wet on the grass, and it’s a little chilly so he’s put on a sweater, a red cable-knit one that Dean’s mother made him for his birthday a few years ago.
Of all of Dean’s activities that he drags Castiel along to, his favorite (both Dean “his” and Castiel “his”) is movie night. Dean likes it because Castiel hasn’t seen all his favorite films a thousand times like Sam has. Castiel likes it because Dean makes popcorn and they always sit close, hands and fingers brushing as they share the bowl.
On the other side of the mattress, Dean shifts, stretching out an arm and slapping Cas’s waist. Cas takes his hand before Dean can pull it away, and Dean lifts his head off the pillow, slowly blinking at him. “You’re awake.”
that ends with Meg declaring both of them “insufferable,” they eschew matching costumes because Dean refuses to be anyone but Han Solo and Cas refuses to give in to Dean.
Now, the orchid has been on the counter for a month, blooming yellow, and Cas is still taking care of it with methodical precision. Dean has enjoyed this journey–as he watches the flower grow, he gets to watch Cas grow along with it.
“Well, I did, but you sleep like the fucking dead, so I called Dean instead. He threatened to kill me and then told me I could crash on the couch.” Meg pauses for another sip. “He’s in the kitchen, already poured your coffee. And I think he’s making eggs.”
and Dean didn’t want to begrudge his family happiness. So he and Cas were going on this hunt alone-together.)
talk, but he didn’t need to say anything for Cas to follow him. Cas could see the truth in his eyes.
Dean’s head snaps up from the counter to see Cas staring at him, eyes wide with concern. Cas has been doing that a lot lately, ever since Dean got back to whatever serves as normal for a hunter.
and for a brief moment Dean’s back in a storeroom, with Cas smiling at him beatifically right before he–
well, actually, why did he hide all those muscles under a trench coat for years?) and his blue eyes are all kinds of piercing, and that paired with his gravelly voice makes him appear stoic and maybe a little imposing to people they interview.
When Dean is comfortable, when he’s happy, when he’s with someone he trusts and cares about, he’s gentle, and he’s using that gentleness now to work Cas open. Cas is a little bit grateful that Dean went to the school of how to very politely have sex with people, but a small part of him wishes that Dean would just stop being so damn gentlemanly for a second.
Bad, because now he has a bunch of unstructured time in front of him, and that often turns into a vacuum unless someone gives him a plan.
Sure, other couples do things like fancy dates and trips to the movies and what have you, whereas Dean and Cas work on cars and watch westerns on the couch (or nature documentaries, if Dean lets Cas choose) and go to the same roadside dinner for  five-dollar burgers at least once a week, but then again, other couples
Dean isn’t sure how he got so lucky, but if he gets to wake up to Cas kissing him at least four times a week when Cas “accidentally” spends the night and has someone to try new recipes on and someone to coerce into watching westerns with him, then he’s not gonna complain.
The next thing Castiel hears is voices, gruff ones, and then arms hauling him roughly upwards. There are snippets of conversation--
Cas had adapted fairly well to being human in their post-Chuck world, although he had developed a handful of new human quirks. He slept like the dead, liked all of his food really spicy, and developed an unusual affinity for flat white coffees.
and why are the lights so bright? and it’s even colder than the bunker, Dean can place a hand on the small of his back, and Cas’s breathing will slow, and then he’ll make a choice between green or red apples, and they’ll move on.)
Cas turns to look at Dean from the spot where he’s been parked on the couch for the past two days. “What do you think, Dean?”
And maybe Dean bitches a little, but he likes this movie, too, and by the end, when Rusty and Danny and Linus part ways at the Las Vegas airport with an
Charlie knows that Cas’s problems haven’t magically vanished, but as she watches Cas sit down next to Dean as they all gather around the Monopoly board, she hopes that at least for one night he’ll be okay.
“Boss, I’m a lesbian, so you don’t have to worry about that.” Charlie can feel her face turning red--this isn’t exactly going as planned.
When Dean’s aware of his surroundings again, he’s laying on one of the beds of the hotel room. He’s somewhat cognizant of the fact that his hair is wet and someone put his pajamas on him, and he turns his head to see Cas laying on the bed next to him, propped up on elbows and watching the TV on mute.
Cas watches Dean turn off the lights while he considers what to ask Dean next. “...What did your dad say?” he finally tries.
“Hey.” Meg stopped him. “Please just talk to him. You two are going out to get lunch today, right? Before grief group? Talk to him in the car.”
Cas’s eyes follow Dean as he leaves, but Bobby doesn’t look angry--the crease between his brows looks more worried than anything.
If his brain were capable of forming a thought at the moment, Dean would be thinking about how he was secretly grateful for a horrible rainstorm and Hugh Grant’s propensity for being the classy hot guy in nineties rom-coms, but he’s just glad to be in this moment right now.
“Can I try again? I don’t want to have to change more than once.” Cas’ voice snapped Dean out of his reverie.
They spend the next fifteen minutes cooing over Miracle, whose breed seems to be “large and fluffy” (and white, which is probably one of the big reasons why Castiel doesn’t want her digging), and then Kevin shows them all pictures of his iguana, Einstein, and Charlie throws her cat, Leia, into the mix.
to be on this ship or woken up, and frustration fills his veins as he’s roughly dragged into a large, circular room. One wall is just windows, looking out on the cosmos rushing past them, and the other is control panels, but in the middle of the expanse of white tile and metal is a dais with a grand chair. In the grand chair, a man with dark, close-cropped hair and a salt-and-pepper beard sits. He looks down at the guards with annoyance, and then to Castiel.
Cas has commandeered the bunker’s projectors and one of their spare sets of sheets, setting both up against one of the walls with Sam’s laptop plugged into the projector, and there are blankets and pillows all over the floor.
. And even if I was interested in her, she thinks the prequels are better than the originals, so it never would have worked.”
(He also can’t stomach most kinds of soups, pudding, and smoothies. Or touch any meat when he’s cooking. And Dean always washes while Cas rinses the dishes because
When they were both standing over the sad stack of dirty dishes neither of them had washed after breakfast that morning, Dean pulled his car keys out of his pocket. “So what you do is you stab a hole low down on the can here, okay? And then put your mouth to the hole and pop the tab.”
“Breakfast” is an understatement. While Castiel grew up in high society on Centauri, breakfast was normally a more subdued affair, cold and quick, with the grander meals saved for dinner, but on the Godspeed there’s more than just freeze-dried fruit bars; there’s pastries, apparently.
. God, Castiel hates that word. If he had his way, he would be back on Centauri, hiding out in his sister Anna’s house. She always let him get away from the world, even if she was incredibly busy. Anna was already married, to a man she actually loved, and had gotten the chance to escape their parents’ watchful eyes. Castiel had not been so fortunate.
“They’ll cost you at least a nickel,” Cas quips, before rolling over so that he’s also on his back. “Just thinking about the summer.”
Dean comes to with a choke of breath, landing heavy on the ground. He rolls over, right shoulder aching, and finds himself with his face in the dirt and a mouthful of grass. He move to spit it out when something heavy lands on top of him, knocking all the air out of him.
Cas likes to spend his mornings reading by the lake that was the main reason they bought this major fixer-upper (Dean has second thoughts all the time–a major one was when he got ten splinters in one day while replacing the floorboards, but the place makes Cas happy, and Cas makes Dean happy), so Dean has to wait until he’s done communing with the fish or whatever to get started.
Cas, newly human, has preferences, as it turns out. Jelly over jam. Buttered popcorn over salted. Briefs over boxers. Half-n-half over cream in his coffee. He likes to sleep under a comforter because of the weight but always kicks it off halfway through the night. He takes his showers scalding hot, likes to be the big spoon (Dean’s not complaining),
Cas startles, and Dean jerks back. “Sorry,” he says, “I gotta–uh, go feed my socks.” He’s off the couch in a flash, and when he gets to his room he flings himself onto his bed.
“Hey, Dean,” Castiel says, just as Dean follows Dr. Turner into the office and is about to close the door, “I never got a last name.”
Dean had only gotten to know Cas when the other man had started staying at the bar until closing at least two times a week about a year ago. Now, he always sat in the same spot, always ordered the same drink, and always left right as Dean was wiping down the bar.
“Toast to be shaped like a heart? Yeah.” It sounded worse, and so goddamn cheesy, out loud. Dean would have spit out his orange juice, too.
Castiel Novak has been working at Roman Motors as an account for two years, and in that time, he’s learned a couple of things: he doesn’t really like being an accountant, suit jackets are pointless, the coffee in the break room is terrible after ten am, and he has a massive crush on Dean Winchester.
Dean rolls his eyes as he pulls into the tiny stall of the drive-in and puts the car in park. “Well you gotta get mozzarella sticks then. And a Route 44.”
“You want another beer?” Cas asks. Dean glances down at his bottle again, doesn't answer the question.
Dean’ll never tell Cas, because he thinks Cas likes to keep it his own little secret, but he looked it up once, what a yellow orchid means: new beginnings. Maybe that’s why Cas dotes on the flower so much, because it’s part of his–
Except Cas’s friends are all other classics majors who spend their evenings getting wine-drunk and arguing about how Sophocles relates to the hit TV show
“Of course Eileen is my favorite,” Dean replies. He’s trying to get better at signing–he’s still a bit clumsy, but at least he hasn’t signed
“…They….sort of exploded?” At the look of horror on Charlie’s face, Meg keeps talking. “Not in a bad way! It’s all good. I just don’t think you’re going to be getting any more data from it.”
But for now, Dean was content to be here, in this moment, with Cas’ head propped on his shoulder, trying to get the eggs to just the right level of doneness (Cas really liked runny yolks, and Dean wasn’t trying to give him salmonella). He was looking forward to a lifetime of moments like this.
(Dean has tried to convince Cas that he should come home with him to Kansas, at least for a week or something, but he hasn’t managed to get Cas onboard yet.)
Cas resists at first, but it’s nice to spill the details--he can’t exactly hash everything out with Dean, and Meg is the only other person Cas dishes to.
“Like all dogs do.” Rachel asks another question about the mission, but Charlie is fully ignoring her.
let loose on the weekends. Jo is likely on a date with her new girlfriend (Dean is pretty sure her name is Ruby, but since Jo got lambasted by her ex, she’s cycled through at least four different girlfriends in the past two months, so Dean’s having trouble keeping up), but maybe she’ll swing by.
“I don’t understand,” Cas says. “How could Sandy keep loving Danny, if he could only accept her when she changed herself?” He turns to look at Dean, and Dean’s hit with such a jolt of affection that he’s not sure what to do with himself, so he doesn’t reply.
(When Sam comes with the takeout about twenty minutes later, Dean and Cas are both unconscious. Sam just smiles and eats his dinner at the tiny table by the window.)
Dinner is eaten mostly in silence, not that Cas minds. With Dean, silence is always comfortable and he doesn’t have the urge to fill it with mindless conversation. Instead, he listens to the water and the birds. It’s only when Cas is done with his pho that he speaks.
“If you know I don’t want to, then why ask?” Dean bursts out, and then Sam reaches out an arm and lays a hand on his brother’s shoulder. Dean takes a deep breath.
“I was actually going to say that maybe we should...all hang out with him sometime? Like maybe Saturday? I want you guys’ opinion on him.”
His mom drives them to Cas’s apartment, and Cas has to admit that he does miss the Impala somewhat, especially compared to his mom’s minivan. They’ve made a lot of memories in Baby--driving around town, going on trips like they did to Lawrence, spending languid Friday nights listening to music in the middle of nowhere with the windows rolled down instead of going to a party.
“Nope. Everything was totally under control.” Dean nods to reassure himself. “Definitely remembered to make the cookies.”
to touch, but now, as he lays Dean’s heart to rest in his chest cavity, he notices a handprint on Dean’s shoulder, red and angry, where there can’t have been one before–Castiel is sure of it. He has only known Dean for a handful of moments, nothing to the millennia he himself has been alive, but he would
As nice as Dean has found a good lay in the past, it’s not a necessity for a relationship, and he feels like he and Cas have proved that (Dean’s never seen the person from the party again, but he has thought before that he’s really showing them up).
The kitchen is normally a bit of a mess; for as much of a neatnik as Dean is, there’s always several dirty sippy cups on the counter, an open cookbook, a sink full of dishes. But today the counters are spotless, save a plate of cookies in the middle of the island. A closer inspection shows that they’re sugar cookies, the dough tinted blue, cut in the shape of what seem to be seashells. It also seems like Jack was the one to ice them, because the lines are wobbly and the sprinkles are
“Yeah,” Sam grinned. “They are.” And Dean looked so happy to be dancing in the kitchen with his angel that Sam
he can fall back asleep on the sliver of bed he now has to himself when Jack whispers, “I had nightmares again.”
And there it is, what they’ve been dancing around for months now, at parties and late-night study sessions and Walmart runs that ended in trying and failing at making a new recipe and game nights with friends.
“With extra cream, just like you asked for,” Cas says in a low voice, setting the cups on the table before sitting down and instantly honing back in on his document.
Cas forgets the rain and the heater and the quilt as soon as Dean starts to ease in, the lubricated condom slick, better than his fingers in every possible way.
“What were we doing before this?” Dean asks. Cas almost doesn’t answer the question, too preoccupied by whatever Dean’s hand is doing on his dick.
When the small breakfast is ready, Dean slides all the toast onto a plate, buttering it and adding jelly--not jam--to two of the pieces. Carrying two cups of coffee and a plate to his bedroom isn’t easy, but Dean makes it in one piece. Cas is still asleep under the mound of blankets they procured, and Dean worries, not for the first time, that Cas might be getting a cold.
Castiel continues to put Dean back together. Right before he wakes him up and flies away to find that aforementioned body, he makes himself lips, presses a kiss to Dean’s forehead.
your coffee.” Cas smiles good-naturedly and then scoops Jack up. “Come on, Flapjack. Papa’ll tuck you in.”
It is, of course, a human’s rendition of it, not wholly accurate, but Castiel had been sure, based on how Dean has responded towards him during their limited acquaintance, that Dean remembered nothing of his rescue and could not see nor understand Castiel outside of this vessel.
“Yep.” Cas finishes picking up his books before falling into step alongside her. “Have you presented yet?”
He lets the water run over his head, tries to focus on the fingers massaging conditioner into his hair. Cas likes the conditioner better than shampoo, its texture chilling.
But the knife doesn’t break skin. Instead, Dean takes another gulp of beer and starts jamming the knife into the table, next to the preexisting
“Genius.” Dean pushes himself off of the fridge and moves into Cas’s space. “How’re you feeling?” he asks, “Post-clocking Mick and all.”
“Thanks,” Sam says, his smile splitting his face wide. “I have a pretty good feeling about thirty-eight.”
Dean spends the afternoon making meatballs for dinner (in addition to becoming Mr. Clean since Cas died, he’s become Martha Stewart), and hopes, when he hears the bunker door slam, that it’s a good sign.
Mick casts a disparaging glance over them and leaves, not even taking the rest of the six-pack with him. The echo of him slamming the door reverberates through the apartment.
“Just wanted to say hi,” Mick replies, smirking. “Haven’t gotten to chat with Cas here since we all hung out. He keeps ignoring my messages.”
While Dean’s got his head stuck in the fridge, Meg leans down, wrapping her arms around Cas’s neck. The angle is a little bit awkward, but the sentiment is the same.
By the time the coffeemaker is gurgling, Dean is awake enough to disentangle himself from Cas and press him against the counter, his lips soft against Cas’. His hold on Cas’ waist tightens, and then the kitchen timer (shaped like a ladybug) dings.
a wonderful person. He’s very thoughtful and can become friends with almost anyone. I can’t--” Now his face went back to being pinched and sad. “I can’t imagine anyone wanting to hurt him.”
They get discharged at around eight in the evening, with strict instructions from Dr. Moseley to call immediately if either of them experience more symptoms from their concussions. Cas doesn’t love the rickety wheelchair that he has to roll out in, but the nurse tells him he has to learn to use his crutches first.
“Walk on the joists!” Dean calls after him (if Cas makes a hole in the ceiling, Dean’ll make him repair it himself), but Cas has already stopped, crouched down.
Dean and Meg have the merit of being familiar--it doesn’t always feel like there are people around him, suffocating him, if they’re around, because they’re part of the environment. They’re Cas’s sense of fun, and Cas is the voice of reason for the group in return.
It’s later that night, around midnight, and Dean is nearly asleep when he hears his apartment’s doorbell ring. There’s only one person in his life who would a) come over this late and b) use the doorbell, and Dean shouldn’t be filled with trepidation, but he is. He trudges to the door in his pajamas, rubbing his eyes with the backs of his hands, before opening the door. Cas is, of course, standing on the other side of it.
wedding. Sure, there was karaoke at the reception for some reason, and they ran out of beer pretty fast, and Sam cried his way through the service even though Dean was the Winchester getting married (although Sam would be next, if Eileen had anything to do with it), but, well...it all just seemed
To Cas, public librarian extraordinaire, an adventure is starting in on a new book series or trying out a new planting system in his raised beds. To Dean, friendly neighborhood mechanic, an adventure is going on a drive at definitely unsafe speeds or, today, hiking.
, so there’s no time to waste on experiments—but she doesn’t know much about what Castiel does for fun, what his interests are, that sort of thing.
He doesn’t bother to look for a bottle opener--all of Ash’s were stolen over the course of several years of parties (Dean’s fairly certain this is Ash’s sixth or seventh year at Arizona State. He’s certainly been here since before Dean.)--and instead pops off the cap on the edge of the counter and goes in search of some of his friends.
Now, in the neon glow of Sonic’s lights, drinking slushes, that time seems both far away and immensely close. Cas stares out the windshield off into the distance, slurping thoughtfully on his milkshake, before saying, “But there’s nothing I can do about it, really.”
It’s a clumsy thing, obviously homemade. The clay mug is made of stacked rings, and the handle has a visible crack in it. It’s painted alternating green-and-yellow stripes, and in blue paint it says
“Are you two done yet?” Meg asks, standing in the hospital room’s doorway. “Because I’ve been watching you guys have the world’s awkwardest not-first kiss in history and it’s honestly a little disturbing.”
Other days, he goes on walks around the lake, lets the dew dampen the soles of his feet–he never brings his phone, but he tells Dean
movies and ranked them exactly the same. But Dean’s not quite ready to tell her just how much of himself he thinks he’s putting into this script. Dead parents are one thing--no one tells you you’re gonna burn in hell because your mom had cancer and your dad managed to wrap his truck around a tree. But sexuality? People have a lot to say, and Dean’s dad said a lot without even knowing that his eldest son was queer.
“Yeah.” Dean sighs, pops another piece of caramel popcorn into his mouth. “Do you still think I’m a tool?”
. He’s always got you in the forefront of his mind.” Meg offers Cas a weak smile. “I know that Dean gives one hell of a shit about me, that he loves me, but he doesn’t love me near as much or in the same way that he loves you. Do you get it?”
Dean triple-checks to make sure he’s got everything–the sandwiches, the cheese sticks, a Coke for him and a sparkling water (peach, of course) for Cas, and Jack’s juice box.
about Cas’ bachelor party), a rehearsal dinner with an oddly heartfelt toast from Claire, and then the wedding itself.
The dynamic shifts from quiet to busy in the early evening, when Cas hears a voice that he knows well coming down the hall. He only has moments to brace himself before--
“Mmm,” Cas says noncommittally, picking up his own burger. He himself pays less attention to the road and more to the books they’ve brought with them–he’s still not sure if Dean is correct in saying that there’s a rugaru waiting for them on the outskirts of Seattle.
He needs to get dressed and figure out which shirt has the least wrinkles in it because he doesn’t really feel like ironing, but the idea of squeezing his feet into his dress shoes and spending ten minutes tying a tie doesn’t really appeal to him.
Dean’s not sure how long he stands there in front of the cans of peas, feet glued to the ground, but then he remembers Dr. Matthews’ advice. He takes a deep breath, counts to ten. Exhales. Does that again.
That time hasn’t arrived yet, though, and so for now, Cas reads, lost in another world, with the company of birds chirping and pages turning to punctuate the beginning of a new day.
And everything’s a mess—Dean’s covered in blood, Claire’s covered in ashes, Cas’s covered in black Empty sludge—but it doesn’t matter. Because they’re together again, and this time Dean doesn’t hesitate.
He brings the bowl over to Cas, watches as Cas carefully tips the dough into it. Dean greases the top of the ball and then covers it with plastic wrap and sets it on the island. He turns again to Cas standing inches from him, too close.
, from a glance back at betrayal nearly a decade ago to a tearful stare at the Empty’s tendrils to right now, when they’re ostensibly making breakfast but the bacon might get a little more burned than it’s supposed to.
Cas has no answer for that except to smile. He’s sure in September, on his Dean-assigned birthday (because apparently “in the beginning” or “when god created the firmament” doesn’t count as a birthday), he’ll fully understand Sam’s sentiment, though.
Then Mick pulls out the six-pack, and Cas very abruptly comes to the surface when he sees Dean’s jaw clench.
Cas let Dean hold him tighter, felt him let out a chest-wracking sob, and then Dean pulled his head up to lean his forehead against Cas’. “I wanted you to be with me,” Dean whispered. “But I was afraid you’d changed your mind.”
“I mean, you’re right. We live together, go shopping together, we haven’t dated anyone since high school, and we spent nearly every holiday together.” Dean looked at Cas in confusion. “And I don’t actually want you to go to the dance with anyone. I was just trying to be nice.”
“Teleported.” Meg, perched on the couch, takes a sip of her coffee before wincing. “Jesus, this is hot—Ruby had...well, I’m unclear on the number of people she had over last night, but when I pounded on the wall and asked them to shut up or use gags or something, they were just louder. Probably to piss me off. So I called you.”
They run into each other in the student union or the library and do homework. If they’re both at the coffeeshop where Dean first heard Cas’ name, they sit together. Cas shows Dean pictures of his cats and Dean tells Cas stories about what his little brother, Sam, who’s still in high school, has been up to. He learns that Cas’ whole family lives over five hundred miles away, that Cas chose this university to get away from them. Cas learns in turn that Dean is only thirty minutes from his hometown on purpose, in case his mom or brother need him.
“Guacamole is probably healthier,” Meg points out, “And we don’t want Dean to die by the time he’s thirty.”
“He would have deserved it.” Cas sighs. “I know I just said I worried about hurting him but--well. I--Lorraine says…”
The tabloid wasn’t that interesting, though, and Sam found himself tuning back into their conversation.
“And?” Dean picks up his fork again, stabbing the hash browns angrily. “He can find something else to do with his time rather than bothering me.”
Dean stops reading the placard to glance at Cas. Despite the look of concentration on his face, his brow furrowed, he doesn’t seem stressed at all, and hasn’t this whole vacation.
“I’ll be back in a hour. Love you.” Dean heads out the door, patting his back pocket to make sure he does, in fact, have the list.
“Dean.” Cas shakes his arm, and Dean realizes he’s stopped walking and is just standing in the middle of the aquarium. “I chose this, remember?”
“You’re supposed to be at home, resting,” Castiel replies, frowning at his husband (Charlie still can’t believe it). “And what about your interview?”
Memories come back–fragments of bloody knuckles, arguments, blades buried in the fragile, human body, and
“I think Mom would like you,” Dean says. “She--you’re really thoughtful. She liked that in people. She liked people who didn’t mind just sitting for a while, being quiet, listening.”
“What--what would that even look like?” Cas avoids her gaze as he unzips his backpack and fiddles around for his notebook.
They say their farewells and head out of the restaurant before Dean figures out how to catch a bus back to the hotel. Cas leaves the work to Dean, who taps away on his phone, choosing instead to lean against a telephone pole near the bus stop, listening to the city around them.
“You know,” Cas said after a pregnant pause, “We could always go together. We do everything together anyways.”
“Oh! Oh!” Jack dropped his stuffed bear with a tutu that he was using as Luke Skywalker. “Can Claire and I have a sleepover?”
Before Cas had chance to lob his snowball, he was being tackled onto the ground, the snow icy on his neck, Dean grinning at him from on top of him. Seconds later, a tiny snowball hit Dean in the forehead and both Dean and Cas craned their heads to see Jack standing next to them and giggling.
He won’t let Castiel hold him, cries if Dean puts him in his crib before he’s asleep and then leaves the room. Even if Castiel is looking down into the crib, Jack’s tiny face turns red, tears streaming out of his eyes.
They’re even better, Cas thinks, with whipped cream and syrup all over them, and he definitely eats far too many pancakes to be comfortable. Jack is beaming, though, at the reception to his breakfast, so Cas can’t feel too bad about indulging.
Cas isn’t expecting to last very long, but he gets farther than he expected. It probably helps that there’s some discomfort, that Dean takes it
The third level cargo hold is also one that Castiel has been on, although not consciously. Part of Castiel wishes that he could peek into the room filled with cryo-chambers to get a look at his parents’ faces, but the rest of him is glad to continue ignoring them.  His parents weren’t unkind, per se, but they held certain ideas about what was and wasn’t appropriate on Centauri that never sat well with Castiel.
He’s just like all the other guys at the bureau–a string of ex-wives who couldn’t handle the pressures of his job, no children (that he knows of), an almost crushing dedication to his work, no room for a private life.
“You did?” Dean turns around, and sure enough there’s a bright pink post-it note on top of the family calendar with
Wal-Mart is different than the thrift store, all bright lights and crowds of people. Dean wanders around aimlessly, picking up random things and then putting them down. He eventually finds himself in the beverage section, staring at the six-packs of beer and swallowing thickly. They’ve still got a bit of a drive ahead of them, but damn, he wishes he could have a drink.
It occurs to Dean, in this moment, with Cas’ apparent joy over fixing this place up, that it’s kind of like them–a little bit broken from the start, which happens when one of you stabs the other upon meeting, when you’re busy defying fate to even be in the same room. Over the years, things haven’t always been perfect, or clean, or tidy. And getting to
“Hey, Pops,” Claire says when Cas comes into the kitchen and sheds his suit jacket onto one of the barstools, “How was work?”
“Get a place with some sunshine. A porch or something, big kitchen with windows?” Dean ruffles Cas’ hair. “A yard.”
is maybe the wrong term--his eyes are welling up, though, and he scrubs them with his palms, willing the tears to retreat. There shouldn’t be anything to cry about--it’s just a stupid homemade mug in the homewares section of a Goodwill.
(Cas doesn’t tell Dean that he is the only person Cas has ever healed like this, but he thinks Dean already knows.)
Dean left for work hours ago, while Cas was still asleep, but he put out Cas’ favorite mug (a simple white one with slightly curved sides) and filled up the teapot with water, along with sticking the joke into Cas’ book.
Sure enough, when Cas gets downstairs, he can hear music filtering in from the garage, which means that Dean is definitely working on his car. For as much as Dean adores the Impala, he spent a lot of years driving it cross-country without breaks, and she’s a little worse for wear. Dean, however, hasn’t seemed upset about it, happily spending hours in the garage on the weekends.
have dinner with Sam and Eileen whenever he wants–Cas calls them double dates, Dean calls them family dinner. He gets to go to all of Jack’s fun things at the community college (they had a tough time deciding what kind of school an adult-sized toddler goes to and settled on that. Jack is majoring in…well, Dean’s not sure but he’s having a great time). He gets to attempt to cajole Cas into watching westerns and always end up watching nature documentaries instead because Cas loves them.
thing. Cas isn’t trying to be funny; he’s just stating things. He’s told Dean several times that he “doesn’t understand that reference.”
I’ve spent a lot of my life thinking that I wasn’t worth anything, and then I got a kick in the ass from the universe. My best friend almost died, and when we thought he wasn’t gonna make it, he said some stuff that really opened my eyes, about how I was actually a good person, that I taught him how to care about people. He’s always known me better than anyone, since the beginning, and what he said really hit at the core of all of the shit I’ve stored up over the years. And then it seemed like whatever I was running from...wasn’t actually anything I needed to run from anymore.
Today he’s planting zinnias, which Cas has decided are his favorite flower. Dean can’t blame him; from the picture on the seed package, it looks there’ll be at least a half-dozen colors of fluffy blooms come July. Cas, on the other hand, is…somewhere. He might be on the front porch, reading, or at the grocery store, or walking Miracle through their neighborhood, Dean’s not sure.
Because it was theirs, huh? After over a decade of stolen glances and a couple of apocalypses and coming back from the dead again and again--it was
Dean spins Cas’s laptop back around abruptly when he hears footsteps and then Cas himself rounds the corner of the bookshelves with two cups of coffee in tow.
Mick clutches his nose in pain. “Always knew you were crazy.” He turns to run across the quad, clutching his nose.
“I was starting to wonder if I’d been spied on,” Dean replies. “I guess not. Good things do happen, huh?”
Castiel drops the books on the bedside table and stands over the crib, looking down at Jack struggling in his swaddle. Jack’s eyes are screwed shut, but when Castiel lowers his arms down into the crib to pick him up, Jack’s eyes open and he starts crying even more.
(Dean is inclined to think that that’s the least of their worries, seeing as they all use fake IDs regularly.)
“Who said anything about date night?” Oh, Sam can hear Cas’ voice now. That’s never a good sign--Cas reserves his anger for extreme circumstances, unlike Dean, who pops off at just about anything.
Cas finds his way to the kitchen, where Dean is standing in front of the open fridge, inspecting its contents.
“Dunno about that. I did some digging.” Mick’s smirk grows wider, in Cas’s mind it’s growing fangs. “Turns out your dad went to prison, Dean, didn’t he? Manslaughter. That’s murder.”
Dean let out a nervous laugh and then glanced at his phone. “Dr. Moseley, I gotta go, traffic’s gonna get real bad soon.”
Dean thinks, and from the way Cas’s eyes shine when he turns to look at him, Dean knows that Cas feels the same.
“I’m not. Well, I am but I’m not?” Cas launches into the story of what happened this past weekend, shattered beer bottle and all.
“Ducky, in addition to being our medical examiner,” Abby replied, “Has a masters in psychology. We’re going to see if he can get you to remember anything, and then I’ll try and help you make a sketch of the perpetrator.”
Cas has read about people feeling sore the morning after, but he never really believed it until now. He doesn’t mind, though--it doesn’t hurt.
There are the occasional hunts, of course, and they end up back at the bunker at least twice a week, but more often than not they just…do whatever they want, which is also new. Cas is into gardening and beekeeping, and Dean has been more than happy to help him out, building raised beds and beehives with the help of several dozen tutorials he found online. Sometimes they go for a drive, blasting whatever music they want (Sam would lose it if he knew that Dean lets Cas choose the music, more often than not).
(As for how one brushes their teeth in space—there are chewable toothpaste pellets, believe it or not. Charlie believes it.)
Cas nods, Dean claps him on the shoulder, and then Dean’s gone, off to do who-knows-what in the kitchen.
Because there wasn’t just one, there was a small litany of tenderness, and Cas is both amazed and terrified by it, even as he watches that same mouth consume slightly burnt bacon with vigor.
Maybe if Dean’s arm wasn’t slung across his waist, breath warm on his neck, Cas might have forgotten, but that’s unlikely, because kissing Dean is one of those things where Cas was pretty sure it wasn’t going to happen, not ever.
Until the next week, when Cas was washing his truck outside and Dean went to bring him a beer and discovered Cas was listening to Jimmy freaking Buffet.
After the end credits roll, Dean switches off the radio and they shove their trash into the duffel bag. Since the Impala is on the longer side, they’re in the back of the drive-in and there’s a good amount of time until it’s their turn to drive out, so Dean settles into his seat, drumming his fingers on the wheel.
Dean pushes them up and rolls over to look at Castiel, who runs his fingers through Dean’s hair and marvels at the smile it elicits.
“Cuz it took so long to have the funeral...Sammy and I couldn’t leave the hospital for a month. It--it was awful. Like, here’s a jar of dirt that was your mom? Your little brother?” Another pause. “Dad didn’t get to come. It was the week before his sentencing.”
“Cas is at the garden center,” Dean replies. “You’d be better off trying to contact Han Solo. Any reason why you want us up there?”
“Jesus,” Charlie whispers. She decides to sneak away from the door and come back later, when Castiel’s not in the middle of conversation and she can school her face into something passably resembling an I’m-not-spying-on-my-boss expression.
Eventually Cas’ eyes blink open and he stares at Dean blearily, and then frowns. “How long have you been awake?” If Cas’ normal voice is deep, his morning voice is something to reckon with.
Dean indulges them all, and then delights Cas after they park by revealing that there’s a duffel bag full of snacks in the backseat, including Cas’ favorite, cheese puffs (watching him eat them is borderline hysterical).
“You forgot your coffee,” Cas says, holding out Dean’s thermos (Cas gave it to him for his birthday last year–it’s got a cartoon cowboy on it). Dean gratefully accepts it, opening the lid and inhaling the fumes.
It’s not that he doesn’t want to--it’s just that this is the first time he’s seen Dean all day (besides their normal breakfast routine), and Dean seems a little more out of it than usual during grief group. Typically, Dean speaks up occasionally, expressing his thoughts in short bursts, but he’s on a roll, and it occurs to Cas that he probably stayed up all night reading, which is a surefire way to mix up your brain.
Cas knows that this is a conversation that he’s only having because of how safe he feels, in their darkened room with the covers pulled around them, Dean’s hands close, his breath palpable. If Cas leaned in to press their mouths together, he would taste of his cinnamon toothpaste, of whiskey, of warmth.
“Okay.” Cas peels himself off of the floor and flops down on the couch, still wearing the sweatpants and t-shirt he slept in last night. He’s too close–he’s always too close to Dean for it to be a good idea.
Dean calls with their order and then they take the subway there and pick up their food. Hanoi House is by the river, and Dean cajoles Cas into eating on a bench at the pier, looking out over the rolling water and the party boats starting to turn their lights on for the evening. If they didn’t live in the city, Cas thinks, they could stargaze.
Maybe Pride won’t be so bad this year after all. Maybe the wrong people don’t understand Cas, but the right people? They’ve got his back.
of time in flight simulation before going up, and the others can tell you--I was a basket case. But once we were in space? Totally worth it.”
He sits Jack on the counter and pumps soap into his hands. “Rub them together, okay?” Dean says, putting soap in his own hands. “And then we can get them wet.”
Eventually, Jack’s breathing evens out and he fully sags into Dean’s lap, asleep. Dean’s nearly there himself, with the dim lights in the living room and the glow of the TV and only the sounds of William Powell as retired detective Nick Charles on screen and Jack’s breathing to keep him company.
too quickly to be believable when he hears the crunch of the Impala’s tires on the driveway, and he sets the book aside.
“Never liked her.” Dean leans his head into Cas’s chest, his hair tickling Cas’s chin. “I like you.” Pause, deep breath. “I like you so much.”
Sam and Eileen, who live a few streets over and are at Dean and Cas’ house more often than not, are in the breakfast nook by the window, drinking coffee (the breakfast nook was something Cas insisted on, and Dean was helpless to tell him no), while Cas is at the stove, making some sort of giant mess.
“Better not be a surprise that involves lighting your shirt on fire,” Dean says, ruffling Jack’s hair as he heads to the fridge to find some cream for the coffee.
“Me too.” Dean stands up, pushing himself off the couch, and then grabs Cas’ hand and pulls him up, too. “But we can figure this all out in the morning. I’m tired.” Before Cas can protest, Dean is pulling him to his room and into his bed. Cas is as stiff as a board but eventually relaxes and rolls over to face Dean.
picking them up. And you forget to put away the dishes constantly. And you always talk over movies. And you never make your bed.”
, the gravestone read, with no epithet or anything else underneath it. It was a routine salt-n-burn, the kind of thing Dean could practically do in his sleep. It was even easier with Cas helping--even without his angel mojo, Cas was strong, and if Dean took a couple of longer-than-necessary glances at Cas’ arms as he dug, well...that was his business.
“Let’s see if we’re doomed forever.” Dean throws an arm around Cas’s shoulder and cranes his neck to look at the screen. “
Dean knew that Amara had managed to buy them a little time, but whatever she was doing now that Dean and Cas were back on the road couldn’t hold Chuck back forever.
Maybe Dean should have realized it before he was standing on a street corner in the middle of the city he and Cas moved to together after going to the same college because who else were they going to spend their time with? Maybe he should have realized it before it started sprinkling on that street corner and he regretted not bringing an umbrella. Maybe he should have realized it every time he looked into his best friend’s eyes, always stubbornly blue, over the past twenty-five years of their lives.
They watch a couple of episodes of some random cooking show that Dean found, but halfway through the third one Cas starts yawning and Dean clicks the TV off.
“Splashdown!” The person counting says, indicating that they got a report from the helicopter waiting off the coast of Florida that the capsule was successfully spotted.
soft and part of Dean always thought about stealing it) pulled halfway over him. Dean went to sit on the edge of the bed and yanked the blanket off of Cas.
want to, going to the American Physical Society’s March meeting. Every year, APS does two meetings—one in March and one in April—and Dean and Cas have somehow managed the luck of being undergraduate presenters this year.
“Two days ago, Expedition 66 to the International Space Station headed back to Earth. I’m here now with Dean Winchester, astronaut and commander of the mission. How are you, Commander?”
And now he was a toddler, hell-bent on thoroughly exhausting Cas. And Dean. And Sam. And really any other adult that’s around him. It doesn’t help matters that, when Jack was shrunk down to a pint-sized terror, Cas asked to be made human so he could join him, because now Cas is no longer impervious to exhaustion.
Dean turns around and there’s Castiel, standing awkwardly in the middle of the hallway in front of the library, holding a book.
“Okay,” Meg says as soon as they get inside, pin-curls bobbing (Cas has to admit that the plaid skirt and blue blazer combo works for her, and she’s certainly got Veronica’s demeanor down—she made them watch the movie last year), “Let’s map this out.”
Desserts are another one of Dean’s favorite things–pie was first, obviously (much to Dean’s chagrin, Cas’s favorite flavor is key lime, not cherry), followed by cake, an attempt at danishes that looked sort of like little fruity windmills, milkshakes…the list goes on and on.
As vaguely creepy as it is that Jack and Cas always manage to adopt the same expressions and have similar mannerisms, it also warms Dean’s heart–and not only because it means that Jack is more like Cas than him (Dean’s not sure he’s a great role model, and Sam, well…Sam’s okay).
The sticky Formica of a diner booth’s table is worse on a hot day like today, so they opt for getting their burgers to go and driving about half an hour down the road.
parenting move, but he was running low on options) to tea with honey in it (Cas’ idea) to elevating Jack’s tiny head with a plethora of pillows. But the scratchy throat and runny nose and fever have persisted, and Dean’s realized just how germy little kids can be.
“Cas, we can do whatever we want now. And the bunker isn’t going anywhere. It could be…a home base. A halfway house. I dunno, it’s just got all these rooms and I know Sam’s wanting to get Eileen out and you…” Dean tips his head into Cas’s chest. “You deserve some sunshine.”
thought about it), it had always been some passionate thing, Dean’s back pressed against the doorjamb, a kiss that ended in a tangle of sheets.
Dean expects to have to talk to the Empty again, to negotiate, but instead there’s a sudden squeezing sensation, and then he’s collapsing onto the basement floor with Cas on top of him.
Cas opens the card. There’s a typical cheesy birthday greeting (this one designed for a four-year-old) and then, underneath that, once again in Meg’s handwriting:
But now it’s been rained out, which means Jack’s disappointed, which means that Dean feels like, somehow, he’s gotta find a way to fix this.
“I’m sure you can find a way out. If a mattress is the final straw for you, that’ll be really disappointing.” A cabinet slams shut.
Cas crouches down, too, and sees what Dean’s looking at–a little toad. It stares at him unblinking and then suddenly jumps onto his hand.
Cas doesn’t listen at all to Dean’s side of the call—he’s too busy letting his eyes rove over Dean’s hair—messy—and mouth—red, spit-slick, kissable—and then Dean meets his gaze, and Cas finds himself blushing.
Dean, who, every morning of the trip, tries to grab onto Cas and keep him from leaving, even though Cas promises he’ll be back and means it. Dean, who blames himself for Cas being human now, no matter how many times Cas assures him that it’s not his fault. Comfort, much like humanity, is a work in progress.
Castiel had started a garden on the bunker’s roof, and he likes to start the day here, listening. He can’t hear the song of creation anymore, but he can watch it, and that’s almost as good.
Eventually they part–Cas has backed Dean against the nearest wall, and Dean has his hands on Cas’ hips, pulling them together, and then Cas leans his forehead against Dean’s.
“Splashdown in t-minus five minutes,” one of the people says, although it’s an approximation—once the capsule goes out, it’s hard to track.
while they eat dinner, and when they have lunch on campus with Meg, they play footsie, and Meg keeps
They don’t talk much the rest of the way to Lawrence, and by the time they arrive at Bobby and Rufus’s house, night has fallen. Dean pulls into the driveway and kills the ignition before dropping his head onto the steering wheel.
“You said to make it casual.” There was the goddamned head tilt again. “Was this not casual enough?”
Dean’s been searching for an opening for weeks now, a time that he can casually drop it into conversation. He doesn’t think it’s a phrase that he can say with much pomp and circumstance--otherwise, he’ll get too nervous.
Cas rolls his eyes (he should be nicer, Dean got the blood stain out of that damn sweater) and pulls his hand out from behind his back, placing a vase of flowers on the counter where Dean’s folding.
“Close your eyes,” Jack commands, and Cas complies. He hears Jack’s footsteps recede and then return.
The start of the spring semester at Greendale Community College meant a couple of things. One, someone would inevitably attempt to break the pillow/blanket fort length record set by a couple of students years back. Two, the chemistry lab would have at least three fires a
“Like it’s the nineteenth century?” Cas starts to fake-write in the air, saying in a silly accent, “
Dean and Jack aren’t in the family room reading books, or upstairs playing dolls, or in the middle of an impromptu bath because Jack found a mud puddle (that happened last week), and Cas is at a loss (and finished with his cookie).
Cas lolls his head over to look at his best friend. Dean’s holding out a bag of pretzels from the airport kiosk. “Are they the peanut butter kind?”
Cas complies, and Dean slides under the car again. HIs voice comes out, muffled. “You wanna go out for lunch after we finish this?”
He lets their lips slide together under the hot water of the shower, the air around them steadily getting steamier, and then pulls just enough away for their lips to still brush as he says, “I love you, too.”
They have a few hours until the opening keynote lecture for the conference, and part of Cas wants to sight-see around Boston but the other part of him really wants to take a nap or something. Traveling means a lot of people and noise, and that’s...well, it’s a lot.
“Cas, Jack’s friends are like, what, twenty years old?” Jack has started taking classes at a nearby community college, which is both a great and a terrible idea because he’s a four-year-old who was temporarily God but looks like a full-grown adult and therefore knows both everything about the universe and nothing at all simultaneously. “And you don’t have a birthday, anyways. Unless there’s a star sign for
“Don’t worry, it does.” Dean wipes the back of his mouth with his hand before leaning down and pressing his lips against Cas’. At first it’s just the slightest touch, but then Cas pulls Dean down by the collar of his hoodie until Dean’s mouth is flush against his, tasting of sugar and chocolate.
Eventually, Dean drifts off as sunlight starts to seep around the curtains. He’ll be woken properly two hours later by the aforementioned adult-sized toddler trying to wedge himself into their bed, but for now, he holds his hand against Cas’ heart and lets himself sink back into slumber.
If someone asked Dean about the parade afterwards, he could say that it was, like Claire said, a celebration. It was loud and bright and happy, and it made him feel a little twinge in his chest that he never got to go to one of these things when he was Claire’s age.
Which is how they end up at the Firehouse, the Kappa Sigma house, dressed as Han Solo, Spock, and Veronica Sawyer from
But they are, Castiel hopes, becoming friends. He’s never really had friends before, and there’s no one else he would rather be friends with than Dean.
between them is kind of new, and there’s something about going to the grocery store together that just feels so domestic and...normal.
, and apparently it can get crazy enough for Dean to journey to the literal void and haul Cas out by the lapels of his trench coat.
He drags himself out of bed, throws on jeans and his favorite hoodie. He’s not quite sure what his mood is going to be for the day. On the one hand, the past hangs over him, a swinging pendulum. On the other hand, it’s solidly behind him, four years in the
Cas nods, reaches across the table for Dean’s burger wrapper and crumples it along with his own before trying to lob them into the trashcan and missing by a solid foot.
can’t take him, which means it’s Dean’s job to pick Jack up from school (and today he made the mistake of picking him up during story time, which, hey, he doesn’t keep track of Miss Holloway’s classroom schedule, so that’s not
He and Balth are meeting up to study. Studying, my ass.” Dean turns the burner on to boil the water with equal vigor. “Balth has had his eye on Cas since the biology lab the three of us were in sophomore year.”
“Come here often?” Cas asks after a moment. The hallway is dark, the music audible even though they aren’t in the main room.
The stitches are slow and careful–Cas is no stranger to pain, but Dean doesn’t want to make this hurt more than it has to. When he’s done stitching Cas up, Dean leans in, kisses the cut on his cheek, and then Cas turns his face, angles his jaw so that their lips slide together, and suddenly everything doesn’t seem so terrible anymore.
Normally when Dean got this close, it meant he was going to kiss Cas, but he didn’t think that was what was going to happen right now.
“It’s supposed to rain today,” Dean adds. “Maybe we can finally do that puzzle you brought or something.”
Cas doesn’t mind, though. Dean wears shorts sometimes now, and when he bends over to pull weeds or grab a certain wrench he needs, his t-shirts always ride up, exposing a strip of skin. Dean wears less layers overall, in fact, and Cas is a big fan.
Dean doesn’t often go to parties, but his friend Charlie who he met in DnD club found out about some frat having one this weekend and apparently they
It was a pretty good offer, a nap on the couch, curled up in his husband's arms as the fire warmed the living room and the snowdrifts built up outside. The nap would most certainly end with a toddler jumping on them, but even so, Cas had to agree with Jack: today was the best day ever.
in Dean’s room, molding a space just for him in Dean’s beloved memory foam, and it’s kind of perfect. Dean always felt like the bed was too big for one person, anyways.
Cody starts in with an example of someone telling him he “shouldn’t be sad about his grandmother’s death because she was old” and how he responded to that, and Cas halfway listens but, as always, his attention wanders.
History will tell you that Aristotle theorized, but they were all just that: theories. Sometimes the impossible happens. Sometimes an angel will fall not for man but for
It’s only seven in the morning, not too early and not too late, still cool enough for the fish to bite, and as Dean chooses a hook, baits the line, casts out, finds a place to prop his pole, he starts to feel his pulse slow, the pounding in his head retreating.
Lunch at a diner across the street from the hotel is a quick affair, crammed between the last morning and first afternoon sessions, and by the time dinner rolls around, Cas is exhausted from shaking hands and listening to people speak and making small talk around the coffee pots scattered around the conference area. He’s also had at least three too many cups of coffee.
Halloween is supposed to be more of the same—there’s jokes about how Mark’s gonna fail to do a keg stand again (he tries every year), Jess trying to cajole him into dressing up, drawn-out conversations in the dining hall about which bar or party (or both) to visit.
“It’s...I dunno, a rec room or something. Thinking of putting a TV in here so we could watch movies. I’ve been calling it the Deancave and Sam has been getting annoyed with me.” Dean cracks a smile at a that. “Whaddya want to to talk about?”
“Hey, sweetheart, why are you crying?” Dean’s voice broke through Cas’ thoughts. He reached for Cas’ hands, but Cas yanked them away.
He typically spends at least half of grief group in his head, unless he brings something up to talk about, in which case he is
Cas chose D.C. because he wanted to see all the Smithsonian museums, and then while doing research he discovered the
“Yes and no?” Dean glances over at Cas, who usually helps him explain this. “I’ve always been able to see color. Cas, too.”
Dean’s not sure what drives him to do it, but he sets down his slush and reaches across the seat for Cas’ hand. Cas lets him take it and then threads their fingers together.
And he could get up, could watch the rain fall out the back window or sit on the porch still. The first time it rained here, Cas even went out in it, fully clothed, which made Dean laugh until Cas convinced him to come, too. There was something cleansing about the water of the earth, which might be why Cas also loves the lake practically at the edge of their backyard.
“Oh?” Dean remembers purgatory, both times--a year spent searching for Cas, and then realizing when he finally found him, and hugged Cas for the first time, what the frantic feeling without him had been all this time. And the second time--a fevered prayer, and hope, because if he couldn’t leave with Cas, that self-sacrificing sonofabitch, then he wasn’t leaving at all.
Dean’s the first one out of the car after they swing into the pothole-riddled parking lot. He knows he’s leaving Cas and Sam to deal with the weapons, but he doesn’t care, because he can’t breathe and his chest is tight.
Cas follows Dean downstairs, wondering if Bobby makes the same kind of coffee as Dean. He could use some.
, and the pictures had shown some shingles missing, a couple busted boards on the back deck, but it wasn’t too expensive and there was a Home Depot half an hour away. And there was a fireplace, and the aforementioned lake, and a sunroom that Cas could fill with plants.
“I love you,” Dean says when they pull apart. He can’t help it. He says it all the time, just to make sure Cas knows it’s true.
“It’s not like we have neighbors, Dean.” Cas turns himself around so Dean can properly hug him. “And why am I not supposed to be awake yet?”
Dean gasps, releasing him, and Cas uses the opportunity to turn around and face him, slide a hand up Dean’s neck to cup his cheek, kiss him gently.
It’s darker than dark, and it’s gotta be airless here, because Dean feels sucked dry after only a few moments.
“But you can also cut yourself some slack. Sometimes forcing ourselves into discomfort is a positive thing--and sometimes it’s okay to find ways to make things easier for ourselves.”
“What are you looking at?” Cas asks before taking a bite of his danish and resisting the urge to groan. It’s
With the mixer running, Dean goes to grab a couple of eggs from the fridge when he feels something tug on his pant leg.
Elder’s face is marked by a veritable constellation of freckles, his tawny hair mussed as if he hopes to look careless.
“How much do I owe you?” Cas asks once they’re headed towards the elevators. Their professor had recommended they stay at the conference hotel, but it was a little pricier than other options.
If Dean’s a careful kisser, he’s even more careful at this, pushing down Cas’s pants with a slowness that Cas admires, but he ends up just kicking them off impatiently, and Dean gasps again, and then he’s got his pants off too, and if Cas was going to pick a time to freak out about this, now would pretty great, too.
They’re chest-to-chest, with hungry, open mouths, when Dean’s phone rings. The familiar start of Led Zeppelin’s
“Okay.” Cas watches as Dean crosses the room, grabs his robe from the back of the door, and then pads down the hallway. About a minute later, he hears the coffee grinder, then the coffeemaker percolating, then Dean’s footsteps coming back up the hall.
He’s sitting on the floor of the garage and Dean is halfway under the car, his legs sticking out next to Cas. Dean had said that Cas “needed to learn how to work on cars,” but so far it seems like he’s just handing Dean stuff.
The soup was simmering when Dean heard shuffling footsteps behind him and turned to see Cas, wrapped in a blanket and with the world’s most horrendous bed-head, standing in the kitchen doorway.
If they go to the grocery store, Jack joins in with Cas on trying to convince Dean to buy more vegetables. If Dean gets beef jerky at a gas station, they
When Meg finally manages to unwind Dean’s arms to find a chair for him to sit in, she has to keep herself from gasping when they see Cas, so as not to freak Dean out
Objectively, everything’s alright. Dean still hunts sometimes, but mostly he’s the call guy for others. He and Cas have a little house with a sunny kitchen and a backyard garden that’s currently a riot of herbs, vegetables, and flowers. It’s also got a room for Jack and a fireplace and stacks upon stacks of books that Cas has found at the local library book sale. Dean wakes up in the morning and doesn’t have to figure out a way to beat the next big bad, he can just do whatever he wants until it’s time to go to sleep again.
“Sure.” Cas swings Jack up into his arms, causing him to squeal, and then crosses to the swing and leans down to press a kiss to his husband’s forehead. “Just resting your eyes.”
As Cas lays in bed, trying to go to sleep, he reflects on the day. It’s been a while, he realizes, since he’s done things he actually likes doing and not just whatever Balth wanted to do.
Dean rolls over and pulls Cas’s book down–it’s part of this mystery series based on quilts, of all things, Dean doesn’t really get it but Cas loves them–and Cas raises an eyebrow.
“I hate it,” he admitted to Cas one night in bed, when they were curled up together, after the fourth or fifth appointment. “It’s supposed to make me feel better, right? But I just feel like she flipped me inside out.”
Finally, Dean makes a choice, and reaches for one of Cas’s hands, the one he tossed a punch at Mick with. He gently unfurls Cas’s fist, turns it over to look at his knuckles, blooming a slight purple.
–Cas in a lake, Cas on the ground, bled dry of grace, Cas surrounded by the black tendrils of the Empty. When that happens, Dean peels himself out of bed, no matter what time it is, and goes out.
The man--Cas--takes a sip of his gin and raises an eyebrow at Dean. “How many times do I have to tell you--”
They make it downstairs to the hotel’s conference center in time for some mediocre complimentary breakfast (Cas loads up on fruit because the pastries are cold) and lukewarm coffee before posting up on a bench in the hallway.
He’s still pondering the words when Cas wanders back into their motel room with two cups of shitty coffee from the motel's breakfast nook, and Cas notices that Dean’s standing in front of his open notebook.
And right now, Dean’s especially glad for the patient counseling of Veronica Matthews, Psy.D., because he can’t
Before tomorrow, they’ll take Miracle for a walk that will probably end with both her and Cas getting covered in dirt and leaves (he’s a sucker for her begging for someone to play with her). They’ll try out a new recipe and fail spectacularly because Dean doesn’t believe in measuring spoons and Cas constantly confuses the teaspoon and tablespoon–so they’ll probably get pizza. They’ll bicker over what movie to watch and Cas will accuse Dean of kissing him to get his way. They’ll go to bed curled up together but Dean will invariably wake up at two in the morning half-freezing because Cas has, as always, stolen all the blankets.
Charlie is pretty sure that Kevin partially wants to stab her for constantly talking about whether or not Castiel and Dean have the hots for each other.
“We have to get some kind of vegetables, kiddo.” Dean sighs inwardly. Jack’s been grumpy all morning, and neither he nor Cas has been able to figure out why. He didn’t stay up too late last night, he’s had breakfast, and he even pouted his way into getting to wear his favorite hat again despite the fact that it probably needs to be washed.
Oh. Claire. Another person Cas had made a promise to–Cas had said he’d come visit Jody and the girls for Claire’s junior college graduation. If he misses that…well. He can’t do that to Claire.
All the check-out clerks know them, because Cas possesses approximately no shame and has no idea how much of a charmer he is--they all think he’s sweet.
The rest of the day will come when it does, as always. Eventually Cas’ tea will grow cold and it will be too warm out to comfortably wear his sweater. He’ll have to go inside, make breakfast (Cas briefly wonders if Dean ate the last of the bread earlier), and walk to the library for work. Hopefully he remembers to switch out his reading glasses for his regular ones–Dean has a note taped to their bathroom mirror, but Cas still forgets sometimes.
Dean looks at Claire above Emma’s head in a way that he hopes is beseeching. Part of him hates her moodiness, but the rest of him remembers the hell
“Bobby helped me--” Dean swallows thickly, stems new tears with the towel. “Bobby helped me fix up the car after the accident. He...yeah. It was really beat up.”
He’s on the way back to his classroom to tidy up and prep for another day of learning (and mediating little-kid fights and tantrums) tomorrow when he hears someone call his name.
Castiel looks down at Jack’s face, slack with sleep, as Dean leaves the room. He rubs his hand in circles on the baby’s back, and can feel himself smiling.
. After all, he isn’t alone this time–he gets to stay in the bunker (more importantly, he gets to stay with
With the quiet undercurrent of the engine and Zepp playing softly on the radio, Cas drifts off and doesn’t wake until they pull into Buffalo, just as the sun is setting. The dying rays glint off the buildings, bathing the streets in soft light, and for a moment, Cas wonders if he’s suddenly become an angel again, but no–this is just what the world is like.
He knows how it feels to wonder if one day the careful balance he’s established between Cas-whose-brain-doesn’t-work and Cas-who-is-a-totally-normal-person will teeter to the other side, when something bad will happen again, something four-years-ago-bad.
And yeah, Dean does. He has a coffee can, hidden under his bed after Cas asked about it and Dean couldn’t tell him, because how was he supposed to say
And even if he does, he still hasn’t told Cas why he agreed to go. Cas wonders how long from now “later” will be.
“Hey,” Cas says softly as the crew goes over the final boarding checks, “It’s gonna be okay, Dean. Plenty of people fly on planes every day.”
They trade a wrinkly ten-dollar bill and the bouquet, along with a promise to go see that new superhero movie (Cas thinks it’s a Batman movie, but he’s not sure) together, and then Cas decides that things have slowed down enough for him to pack up. He’s just about out of flowers, anyways.
Except for the fact that he forgot that Jack and Cas, when put together, must think they’re a comedy team or something.
“This is Sam-Sam,” Jack says seriously, prodding the stick-figure man who takes up the whole height of the page. “And Eileen!” Jack lowers his voice. “Eileen is my favorite. She lets me watch TV before bedtime. But don’t tell Momma or Sam-Sam.”
If he hadn’t been bullied at school, would the preexisting chemical imbalance in his brain be just another quirk, another thing to put on the laundry list of his personality traits? Or would something bad have happened eventually, further on down the line?
Now, they’re living as close to an idyllic life as a fallen angel and a semi-retired hunter can have. Sometimes Cas wonders if he’s dreaming–if he’s still trapped in the Empty with images being fed into his mind–but he doesn’t think that it could come up with the kind of things he’s been up to. An eternity of gardening and watching old movies and finding new and interesting ways to get Dean Winchester to eat more vegetables so he doesn’t die within the next ten years and increasingly creative methods of having sex when your knees are middle-aged would probably bore the Empty.
Dean grumbles but follows Jack anyways–the beach suits the kid. He gave up being God pretty quick, which was for the best. A real childhood, without all of that responsibility and pressure, is what Jack deserves.
Dean rolls over onto his stomach, propping himself up on his elbows so he can watch the TV and Jack simultaneously. Eventually, Jack manages to wriggle close enough to slap one of Dean’s forearms, and Dean looks down at him before covering up his face with his hands.
written on them in Jack’s kindergarten teacher’s neat handwriting), Dean makes coffee, and then decides to also make Cas some tea for whenever he actually wakes up and also to heat up some milk for Jack.
“Well, my father…” Elder trails off, staring into space before picking back up the thread of his thoughts. “He’s not necessarily a bad guy, but he’s not a good one, either. He doesn’t always think of others or the greater good. He tries, but after the death of my mother…” Elder shudders. “He became unkind.”
When a case took them near a bigger city, Dean had the idea to visit an aquarium. He’d never been to one and it seemed like something Cas would like, but Dean had no idea how much, exactly, Cas would enjoy it.
“Hey,” Dean says, as the film credits begin, “You’re still coming home with me next weekend, right?”
Dean rolls over on the picnic blanket they’ve laid on the ground to stare at the sky. “Uh…well, Romeo starts with
Soon enough, the soup was ready, and Dean dished out a bowl for Cas and then one for himself. He opened up a sleeve of crackers between them at the table and put some more medicine next to Cas’ water glass.
Then Dean’s kissing him again and he stops wondering about anything beyond how much he can get Dean to touch him.
Dean came to some indeterminate amount of time later, sprawled out on the ground with Cas on top of him. They locked eyes for a moment, and then Cas rolled off of him.
Dean watches as the tip of the needle goes into Cas’s skin for the first time, lets his eyes follow the tattoo artist’s hands as black ink spreads into the shape of wings across Cas’s back over the course of several hours.
Meg somehow manages to make semi-polite conversation, most of which Cas is not present for. He’s described this to Lorraine as being underwater--it’s like Meg and Mick are above the surface, and he’s at the bottom, unable to hear them.
The next time Cas’s hand moves to part his lips, Dean closes his eyes and lets go, the room falling away, only the warmth and sensation and release remaining.
Cas starts leaving more things in Dean’s room, starts stealing Dean’s t-shirts (so Dean steals Cas’ fluffy socks in retaliation, because
They’re interrupted in their quasi-argument by the appearance of the one and only Dr. Missouri Mosely—aka the professor who sent them here in the first place.
Yes, flesh is being knit up, ligaments joined, bones brought to their correct positions. Castiel mourns for a moment the tragic and painful way in which Dean Winchester, the Righteous Man, died.
is one of the movies offered, and the rest of the flight goes by quickly. Cas eventually gets his hand back, until the captain announces that they’re about to start their descent. Dean reaches out before Cas even offers, but Cas doesn’t mind.
Most of the conversation is knitting jargon, which Dean can’t follow for the life of him–he can take a car apart and put it back together, no problem, he can bake like nobody’s business, but he doesn’t know the difference between knitting and purling and the different types of knitting needles (of which there are
“Maybe it was just me, but you seemed like you didn’t like me kissing you very much.” Dean tries not to sound put-out and fails miserably.
Dean put his hand to his cheek, to the spot where Cas’ lips had just been. Cas had kissed him as if it was casual or something they always did (it wasn’t, despite Dean
“Yes. Which makes me think we were sent here for a reason. But why?” Cas tilted his head as he looked up at the sky as if it would get him answers.
“Alright,” Meg says, “Looks like everyone’s here. Today we’re just reading through the script, which will be completed”--her eyes cut to Dean--”soon. We’re planning on reading until we have the complete script, and then working on blocking before we film. Our editing deadline is a little tight, so your involvement should only be a few weeks.”
Dean turns to see Cas standing at the foot of the stairs, in his pajamas, with a sleepy, lopsided smile on his face. Dean gestures at Cas and he pads over, shoving himself under Dean’s free arm and plastering himself against Dean’s side.
Cas finally moves closer to Dean, tucking himself against Dean’s body, and takes a slow, deep breath before replying. “We went to purgatory a year ago.”
“That,” Cas smiles again, “Is why I choose to enjoy it.” He looks up and down the tree. “How about I help you take this stuff down? You don’t have to do it alone.”
“Yes, because you’re bleeding out of your face!” Dean curses and pulls over again. “For the love of god, Cas. What am I gonna have to do to convince you that I care about you?”
Before Jack, Dean had been a mechanic, but he doesn’t mind his current gig of being a stay-at-home dad. He’ll miss Jack when he goes off to pre-kindergarten in the fall, but he hasn’t decided if he’ll go back to full-time work. Dean probably won’t ever admit it out loud, but while he loved being a head mechanic, being Daddy has been the most rewarding job he’s ever had.
“As a fallen angel, I would disagree.” Cas leans into him. “Maybe in the beginning I was more rigid. Let’s see.” He reads the next line. “
The sunrise often reminds Cas of creation, although this, soft sunlight and cooling dew on the grass and the birds beginning their daily routines, is far different than
The toad stares for another moment before leaping away, and Cas in turn finds himself staring into the green of Dean’s eyes.
“Doesn’t matter, he thinks he does.” Dean lets out a bitter laugh. “He...well. Dad’s not always a nice guy. As you can probably tell. He thinks there’s something going on,” Dean presses a hand to Cas’s chest, ”And he hates that.”
Right. They’re not in the bunker, and it’s not midnight, and Cas isn’t alone–they’re in the middle of the mall’s foodcourt, where they were supposed to meet the others half an hour ago.
“I–” Dean sighed, finally took his hands back, sat down in the chair next to Cas. “I’m trying to make it better. I–I didn’t mean to do it, when you got hurt, but it wasn’t a mistake. You gotta understand that. I’m just…shit at this, you know?”
“I was a little nervous,” Dean admits, “About splashing down, but everything ended up fine. I’m gonna miss the view from space for sure, but it’s nice to be back on land. I’m still adjusting to the time, though, and eating food that hasn’t been freeze-dried. It’s also been nice to see my family.”
But maybe searching for the perfect moment is creating too much of that buildup. His leg is almost constantly jiggling, and he’s sure that Cas has started to notice.
“But Papa!” Jack stuck his head out the treehouse window with some difficulty, “We’re not done with our tea party!”
(Even if Dean doesn’t realize until later that he accidentally set a precedent that he would be more involved in Cas’ social life. Little does he know that this summer he’ll find himself helping fix the church’s old wooden flooring and will somehow get coerced into flipping burgers at the church’s Fourth of July cookout. But that’s a problem for future Dean.)
. If someone had told barely-sixteen-year-old Castiel Milton that, four years from then, he would have friends, and a full ride to college, and hobbies, and sometimes he might be happy, Cas would peg them as insane.
Castiel had known that this whole venture was doomed from the start, since his parents forced him into an arranged marriage and onto this ship, the Godspeed. The marriage was the whole reason they were traveling--they wanted to make sure that he went through with it.
“And why would you care?” Cas challenges. Sam would bet his entire Millennium Falcon lego set that Cas has crossed his arms and leaned back on the heels of his feet, a strong stance against Dean, who most likely has his fists balled up at his sides. Sam’s been in enough arguments with his brother over the years to know.
Dean lets out a low laugh. “In this family, yes. But being upset with them doesn’t mean we don’t love them. In fact, it might even make us angrier, that we love them and they pissed us off.”
Of course, things are often strange in Castiel’s life, especially these days. For one, he just got brought back from the dead. For another, he rode in the passenger’s seat of the Impala on the way back to the bunker. Sam drove, because when Dean tried to drive, the baby in the backseat--Jack, that’s
“Uh, technically no? I’m a junior agent,” Ned said, running a hand through his curly mop of hair. “So I file a lot of paperwork and index evidence, mostly. But I...work a lot with Gibbs’ team, and I heard about the nature of your case…”
“None of the passengers are supposed to be awake,” one of the other guards interrupts. “You must speak with the captain.”
“Dean.” Cas sits down on the edge of the bed, shakes one of Dean’s shoulders. “We have a conference to go to?”
“Relax?” Cas arches an eyebrow, and Dean lets out a breathy laugh, burying his face in Cas’s neck. He’s only halfway in, and Cas wants
They both laugh, and then Rachel moves onto the next question. “What was the hardest part of the expedition?”
Dean turns to call to Cas, get his opinion on one of these colors, maybe, but Cas is now deep in conversation with Randy about
And then there’s the farmer’s market, a family affair: Sam, Eileen, Jack, and Dean all pile into whichever car is most convenient (or has enough space for five people, two of which are over six feet tall) and take off to get fruits and more vegetables and there’s honey and also fresh lemonade that Jack somehow always wheedles someone into getting.
Less than a minute later, she’s bursting into Castiel’s office. “How come you never told us you were married to the commander?” Charlie asks, coming to a stop in the doorway.
“Cool, cool, cool…” Meg is already trying to figure out the fastest way to get there--walking would probably wear her out, Bryan’s not close, but the next bus doesn’t come for twenty minutes. Her best bet is to take one of the campus bikes you can rent, although there’s not a drop-off site at the hospital…
The fact of the matter is, my life ain’t been easy. My mom died when I was a kid, I spent most of my childhood on the road with my dad, who...well, I won’t go into specifics, but he sucked at being a father, and as an adult, I did the same. Things only settled down for me a couple of months ago, and I got bullied into moving to Lawrence (which is where I’m originally from) and applying to this.
while making fun of all the people on it, but as soon as he could Dean escaped to his room and pulled out his phone to text their friend Charlie.
“I forgot.” Dean rolls his eyes. “You don’t have any younger siblings. They’re the worst. You’ll see.”
“It sounds like,” Lorraine says, glancing over her notes from previous sessions, “That you did a good job at drawing boundaries.”
“You must be Dean,” the woman says, “I’ve heard so much about you. I’m Gloria.” Gloria sticks out her hand to shake, and Dean accepts it.
Fingers slide past lips, warm, tasting of salt, then pull out again, a spit-slick thumb brushing over Dean’s cheek, sending his blood rushing downwards.
“Why do you have to go back, anyway?” Dean asks after their food arrives (Cas is delighted by the carhop wearing roller skates). “I mean, they let you come to college.” They do this often, picking up a conversation they dropped off hours ago as if no time has passed at all.
Dean’s never been able to remember when the world went from the black-and-white slate it is for everyone else to the rainbow sheen he’s always seen. He’s thought back, reaching for even a fragment of a memory, but the grass has always been green and Cas’s eyes have always been that particular shade of blue.
Luckily, Jo arrives at that moment with an angry expression and a power drill, and Dean is saved from more grilling via Charlie in favor of trying to find Jo some safety goggles so she doesn’t hurt herself. Or him.
“That’s alright,” Cas says, and his smile is nearly enough to make this whole thing worth the trouble.
“I can’t believe this,” Dean grumbles as he pulls the Impala to a stop on the side of the road. He’d heard the tell-tale
1. Act like it’s a real hardship to bunk together until he looks at you like you just kicked him square in the shins. Decide to shut up until a smile’s back on his face. Continue shutting up just for the hell of it.
Cas, and for a moment Dean is reminded of Lucifer’s mockery when he was holding Cas’s vessel hostage, and his stomach twists.
Dean pulls away right as Cas’ brain is starting to reboot, and his cheeks are bright red, making his freckles stand out. “That’s… You’re...”
The proposal wasn’t anything fancy--one day Cas shuffled into the kitchen in search of his morning cup of tea with some splendid levels of bedhead and Dean nearly dropped the egg carton he was holding before asking
“Don’t worry,” Dean says, rubbing soothing circles on Cas’s back with one of his hands, “I got it from a good place, not like Wal-Mart or something. Charlie told me about it, says that the shop donates the proceeds.”
there's one chapter left, but it's a sweet lil epilogue, so I may post it before Saturday (we'll see)! either way, see y'all on the last chapter <3
, which was full of just…pictures of Dean. Pictures he’d never seen–blurry silhouettes of him watching TV, him flicking water at Cas while they did the dishes, his back while he was hunched over a textbook at the kitchen table.
“This is just for fun,” Eileen signs, and Dean nods, carefully untying the ribbon. The amount of tape on the package indicates that Jack helped wrap it.
This thing between them is still new and vaguely terrifying–sure, Cas literally died for him after confessing his love, and then Dean went on the universe’s most insane rescue mission to get him back, but it’s still–
man, and that man will yank the angel from the jaws of certain death, and they will make their own place, a place beyond boundaries and fixed points.
Cas can’t tell you how long he’s been sitting here in the library, the half-finished grocery list next to him. What he can tell you is that he was supposed to leave at least an hour ago.
“So we should stay in bed?” Dean asks, before reaching up to take Cas’ book and toss it over onto the other side of the bed.
“We’ve seen some people do crazy stuff,” Abby said. “So stranger things have happened here at NCIS.”
Eventually he turns around, tries to insist that he can wash the rest of himself and gets cut off, and then Dean rinses out his hair, facing Cas now, concentrating on the task as if it’s of vital importance.
“You remembered to put sugar in this time, right?” Dean teases, and Cas frowns, huffing out a sigh. Dean pulls himself off the ground and accepts the sweating glass of lemonade Cas is holding out, draining half of it in one go. “It’s hot,” he says.
The three of them curled up on the couch with their hot chocolate (Jack's had a veritable mountain of marshmallows) and watched the snow fall outside the living room windows while the fire crackled.
Jack nods seriously. On his construction paper are four people, and what appears to be a dog. He points first at a stick-figure man in a boxy brown outfit that must be the trench coat. “This is Daddy.”
It’s a bit warm for the fireplace to be on today, though, and in that spirit, Dean throws off his sheets and heads downstairs.
Cas smiles at him feebly and uses his other hand to take another bite of his waffle, which is absolutely buried in syrup and whipped cream.
Cas napped again after lunch while Dean did the dishes, but eventually roused in the early evening while Dean was sweeping the war room because Miracle kept tracking mud through it after walks outside. Cas leaned heavily against the table and sighed.
He has to remember not to get carried away–there are families at the drive-in, some of them probably with kids the same age as Dean and Sam were when the movie came out, and Dean doesn’t want to scar them for life–but then the movie audio on the car radio flips to another scene, and Dean abruptly pulls away.
(The protagonist doesn’t have much going for him except for being well-endowed, but it’s fun to read.)
When he first realized that he was hopelessly in love with his best friend, Dean, he said to himself,
“The police officer I spoke with on the phone said there was a wreck,” Meg replies, “But how? Were they hit by another car, or--”
“That was a doozy,” Meg says as they walk out of Teacher College Hall, automatically reaching to put a hand on Dean’s shoulder. “Ice cream?”
. Or you can change the subject and if he tries to bring it up again, stop him.” He looks around the group. “It can be hard to reinforce these boundaries--you may feel like you’re being rude or unkind. But if you don’t reinforce the boundaries, then you’re being unkind to yourself.”
When Cas had seen in the conference program that there would be a book sale set up for the duration of the meeting, his interest had instantly been piqued—even if Dean liked to say they already had too many books in their apartment.
While everyone else gets up, putting dishes in the dishwasher and tucking various toppings back into the kitchen cabinets (the whipped cream has to be hidden from Jack), Dean keeps flipping through the photos. There’s a couple he doesn’t think anyone ever took a photo of–it’s him and Jack fishing, right before Jack was about to die, and him and Claire playing mini-golf.
Maybe it’s the alcohol that’s making Dean brave. He should be scared. He is scared. He told himself this would happen. He’s just following the script. Cas plays Caleb, but Dean
“I love it, kiddo.” Dean mashes Jack into a hug until Jack wiggles in protest, and then Dean tickles him, getting a laugh out of his son.
lollipop at the checkout desk and proudly shows the woman processing their paperwork his bandaid, and then tries to escape the office entirely while Dean is still talking to her about insurance and co-pay, but all in all, they’ve had worse doctor’s visits.
“What do you wanna do today?” Dean asks, brushing crumbs off his shirt. “I’m pretty sure that if we invent a task, Sam won’t make us--”
Ash’s party on Saturday night is a welcome respite from all of the head-meet-desk moments that Dean’s been having.
Dr. Moseley comes up to them suddenly, a cup of hotel coffee in one of her hands and a program in the other. “I was actually just looking for you two; there’s a talk on coding applications in physics that seemed like something you guys would enjoy.”
“We just stopped going to church.” Dean chuckled. “Sammy’s a good kid, though. Really smart. He’s in law school here, probably gonna save the world some day.”
(Their second kiss, after Cas has gotten stitches and one of the other nurses at the emergency room helpfully relocates Dean’s shoulder, is a lot less bloody.
(To be fair, Charlie and Kevin are also not even remotely attracted to each other’s genders. But Charlie’s not blind. She can spot attraction from a mile away, and if Dean and Castiel aren’t in love somehow, she’s going to eat her diploma.)
Meg rolls her eyes. “Your passcode is Dean’s birthday. You two really are the worst. And of course I called your mom, you got in a fucking car wreck.”
Cas must have fallen asleep during their conversation, because when he wakes up, the television is off and he can see Meg fast asleep on the floor, curled up under the thrift store quilt that she claimed as her own from Dean and Cas’ blanket collection. When he turns his head, he discovers that his pillow is actually Dean, squished up against the arm of the couch, reading something on his phone. When Cas shifts, Dean runs a hand through his hair before glancing down.
was an understatement. If they got caught this close to their goal, Dean would never get over it (and Cas would most likely kill him, which would certainly impede the whole
Dean doesn’t argue with Pamela, though, just takes the sleeve of keycards she offers and waits for her to give him back his credit card.
Dean sighed heavily as he shut the front door behind him. He’d been at the warehouse since midnight, and when his shift ended at six am, he couldn’t get home fast enough.
They unload their duffel bags from the backseat and Dean carefully locks the Impala before they head inside, where a boy is sitting on the couch watching television. He’s nearly as long as the couch, hair falling over his eyes, and Dean crosses the room to ruffle the boy’s hair.
"We got to build a snowman. And Papa put snow in your shirt." Jack giggled and Dean frowned over his head at Cas. "And I have hot chocolate." He pronounced
He tries therapy and holy shit, there’s a lot to talk about. It’s not just navigating around the fact that his stories involve monsters and he’s died multiple times and he can’t tell his therapist that, it’s learning that not all of the monsters he faced were things with names that sound like fiction.
Cas is out in the yard with Jack, play-wrestling the dog while Eileen snaps pictures. Dean knows that Cas’ll complain later about back pain (Dean’s learned that
Cas shifts closer to Dean, pressing his face into Dean’s chest, and Dean starts to gently trace circles across Cas’s back. He knows that within a minute Cas will be awake, that they’ll trade lazy kisses until one of their alarms goes off, but that’s in a minute.
As it turns out, Cas is right. Seldom does a book translate perfectly to a movie, and while not every plot point was included in the film, the atmosphere fully comes across, and by the end, Meg is tearing up and Dean has stopped fidgeting.
The little fish and urchins are only part of the beach for a handful of hours before they return, and Cas sometimes sees his life like this now: he has been granted the opportunity to be human, and like all humans, one day he’ll die and retreat into that ocean.
And, as he stepped closer, a note, on one of Cas’ infernal bright yellow post-it notes, in Cas’ tight, loopy handwriting, was sitting next to the plate.
him. Dean can appear like a bit of a bull in a china shop--he doesn’t reveal a lot about himself at first, with his big car and his loud music and that scar down his face (Cas loves that scar). But Cas knows the truth.
Cake before dinner isn’t something that Cas normally partakes in, but it’s red velvet with cream cheese frosting, Cas’s favorite, and he can’t say no. Meg cuts him a big slice, and when he can’t finish it, Dean’s happy to do it for him.
Tonight’s jungle juice is set up in a massive plastic tub on the kitchen island, and Dean skirts around it to snag a beer instead. Any jungle juice is suspicious, but Ash has a tendency to add more alcohol than is strictly required and Dean’s not trying to get shitfaced tonight.
to convince him. I’m only offering because then your new God will stop trying to break in, and so will you.”
“Really?” Lisa squints. She’s nice, and hot–but asking about soulmates on a first date is pretty bold. “That’s weird.”
“I think, sometimes, about what Mom would think of me ‘n Sammy now, what Adam would be like. He wasn’t even two years old…” Dean wipes his eyes with the sleeve of his flannel. “He was already trouble, though. Too cute for his own good. And Mom…” Dean sighs. “You couldn’t find a nicer woman if you tried.”
Dean doesn’t like this feeling, this squeezing in his stomach, that he’s stuck with for the rest of the week as he attempts to get a few more scenes out. It feels worse than pulling teeth, feels like running your tongue over a stuck piece of popcorn.
Dean just let himself drive for a while, continuing to feel the road. They were passing one of their favorite gas stations, just outside of town, when Dean heard the oh-so-familiar wail of sirens once again.
) and watches that certain human get in a fight with the new (supposedly) squirrel-proof bird feeder?
He’d made promises to these people–told Sam he would try out these new muffins that Dean refused to make with him, said he’d go to the farmer’s market with Eileen this weekend, and assured Jack they would take him to the mall today.
Cas sighs and sets down his milkshake (the inspection of a maraschino cherry was fun to watch). “It was part of the agreement,” he says heavily. “I get to go to college if I spend my summers at home.”
After their conversation in the breakroom, Ned took the professor back to the main bullpen, where Ziva, Tim, and Tony were hard at work.
to be there with him, but the rest of him knows that it was just an accident, something that happened in sleep. Cas is well aware of the fact that he’s just Dean’s best friend—nothing more, nothing less.
get it, because he abandons all pretense and leans in, pressing his lips against Dean’s. Dean’s breath hitches as he gets a handful of Cas’ shirt (which is actually one of Dean’s that he threw at Cas last semester to get him to stop wearing button-downs all the time), and then their lips slide together.
Dean’s not really sure what makes him finally get past the knot in his throat and say it, maybe it’s the way Cas has lifted his head and is looking at him like he hung the goddamn moon (when, in reality, Dean’s usually much better at ripping shit like that away), but he takes Cas’ face in his hands, cradling Cas’ cheeks with his palms, and says, softly, so that his voice doesn’t break in the middle, “I need you because I love you.”
“Go to MIT?” Lisa smirks. “Yep.” With that, she and Daphne are at the front of the drink line, and they turn away from Dean and Cas.
“Dark hair,” Dean tells him one morning, while standing at Castiel’s desk, waiting for Cas to sign something for him. “Messy. But it looks good. And the
This isn’t happening. This would never happen, because Castiel has heard that it won’t. The Empty’s words from when he was dead echo in his head.
Realistically, everything’s fine—they just had sex, for chrissakes—but there has to be a reason that it took almost three years of knowing each other for this to happen. There has to be something that means—
But this, Dean thinks, is even more strange--taking down and packing up the Christmas decorations to use next year, acting like there’s a guarantee of a next year. It’s never something he's been promised, and now he’s not sure what to do with it. He loops a string of lights to tuck away in a box and turns up the Zeppelin music he has on (1975′s
“We were very quiet,” Jack says. “Claire was giving me this knife.” He holds up a utility knife, much like the one Dean remembers having when he was a teenager, and it makes him nearly chuckle that Claire gave someone with the ability to smite things a
invited to the Sigma Nu party, they weren’t even in the fraternity, but Dean had a couple of friends in it, so he’d wrangled permission.
Castiel sees this from across the room--he sees it every time, knows the slight clench of the jaw that indicates something’s wrong.
“The difference is that our lieutenant hasn’t lost all his memory,” Gibbs said, “Just that of the attack.”
Elder points out the control room--okay, Castiel has been there before too, although not willingly--and then leads him down a long hallway, dimmer than in other parts of the ship that Castiel has seen. The prisoners’ and guards’ quarters could not be more opposite, with their bright, harsh hallway lighting. This looks more like the pictures of spaceship dwellings that Castiel has seen before, more like actual people live here.
later. Something about God himself being a bible school leader feels a little bit wrong, and Dean isn’t even religious.
“Cas, what the fuck kind of question is that?” Dean shut his book and gestured to the other chair at their kitchen table in their postage-stamp sized apartment. “Siddown.”
Castiel finds his shirt and pulls it on over his head. “Why are you here this early in the morning?” If it even was truly morning. Time was difficult in space.
“Well damn, I’d hope so, seeing as we live together.” Dean’s voice is jovial, but Cas can see his nervousness underneath.
Dean’s just mixing one of the bar’s seasonal cocktails (something fruity, of course--he loves the touch of shaved orange peel as a garnish) when one of his regulars walks in and sits at his usual spot at the bar, right in front of Dean’s mixing station.
And that’s true. Cas loves Dean more than anything, loves that they have a chance to have a happy life together. They have sunlight and a place of their own and each other. He supposes that part of love is compromise and putting up with the godforsaken coffee grinder in the mornings.
Jack is only four months old but it feels like he’s been here forever, a permanent fixture in Cas’s life. He loves having Jack’s little cheerful face greet him every morning, is enjoying the start of baby babbling, likes taking him on walks in his stroller and introducing him to the world. And Dean loves picking out outfits–Cas never knew how many different types of baby clothes there were before this.
“Hey Cas, you doing anything?” Dean asks, his footsteps coming into the Deancave jolting Cas out of his stupor.
. Did you ever think to ask me how I felt? Or were you just gonna hold that in forever? And did you–”
me do anything,” Elder says. “Get a wrench in your hand and see how it feels, Cas. It’ll change your life.”
The rain has gone beyond pattering on the roof–it’s a downpour now, the uneven dip in the front yard filling with water, gutters straining. There’s a crack of thunder and the lights snap out. It’s as good an excuse as any to stay inside, light some candles and wait the storm out.
(Castiel had found Dean Winchester beautiful when he rescued him from Hell and rebuilt him, but he found Dean even more beautiful when he was spread out before him, face flushed and eyes wide at the sensation of their skin-to-skin contact.)
made his bed), puts on his pajamas, pets Miracle, and then starts talking as he figures out what he’s gonna wear tomorrow.
And he was created out of that, to be a soldier, and while he fancies himself that he was good at it, he finds himself far better at this: at holding and being held, at caring, at having heart. To be fair, he’s had over a decade of practice, but now everyone is safe.
thing came from, believe it or not. Dean’s is obvious, Cas’s somewhat less so--but he hates the idea of being out of control, especially when he already feels like his brain is a separate entity from himself.
“Right.” Meg glances down at Dean, who hasn’t moved or acknowledged her presence since she came in. He’s just staring off into space blankly. At least it wasn’t another driver hitting them, or even worse, a drunk driver.
He’s got a date tonight, at an Italian restaurant downtown–he’s hoping it doesn’t get cancelled like it has twice before because of an interrogation that went too long and a shoot-out that makes him sound brave but during which he was actually terrified.
All of that flies out of his mind when Cas, coming back from taking the dog for a walk, trips over the leash and falls into a heap at Dean’s feet. As Dean helps him up, before he knows what he’s done, he’s said it, the words he’s been holding in.
“I--” Castiel unintentionally shrinks back. “I don’t want to talk about it.” He can almost feel the energy running through his palms, a metallic taste on his tongue, the memory of what happened that fateful night, the night that led him here, almost palpable.
Cas stops under a streetlamp, the light almost casting a sort of halo over him, and Dean nearly skids into him.
Cas has seen pictures of Mary and Adam--there are framed photos in Dean’s room, from several years ago. Sam’s hair is more of a bowl cut, for one, and he’s standing, and Dean has a rounder face, and a big-eyed toddler is perched in Dean’s lap. There’s a family photo, too, but John isn’t in it.
“I’m just kidding.” Dean pulls Jack towards him into a one-armed hug. “Don’t do anything dangerous, okay?”
he doesn’t need to go while they’re still at the trailhead, but Dean likes it better than leaving Jack with someone else for the afternoon.
Dean rolls over to look at the angel laying beside him in the bed, nearly out of grace, low enough that he sleeps now, exposing that shoulder to the air as he does. Cas’ breathing is slow and steady, his hair flopping over his forehead, face squished into the pillow.
“I want to hate him,” Dean says, switching lanes. “I...I wish I did, I really do. Because he ruined my life.” He presses the back of his hand to one of his eyes and it comes away, Cas notices, wet. “But I’m just sorry for him. I
As she straightens up and sees that Priscilla is hoarding all the pink crayons and that needs to be dealt with, she guesses that maybe Jack is a little odd, but he’s incredibly cheerful, so his family must be a happy one.
It’s honestly hard for Dean to look at most of Cas right now--Rebecca hung up all these string lights in the sunroom, and there’s a golden glow cast over the whole room, over the plants, over Cas, emphasizing his cheekbones, dialing up the blue in his eyes.
7. At four thirty in the morning, give up. Wedge yourself under the blankets and throw an arm around his waist.
“It’s Ash’s house. A lot of shit happens.” The juice looks safe enough tonight, and Dean’s got cups. “Wanna try some?”
It’s perhaps a little ironic, Cas thinks, as he walks to the kitchen and settles Jack onto one of the bar stools before putting out milk and a small pot, that Jack has died twice, has faced off against Death, God, and other cosmic entities, but now what does him in is a thunderstorm.
“Gimme that.” Dean took the newspaper out of Cas’ hand and leafed through it. “Here, the obits.” He pointed at a picture of a young girl. The obituary read:
They’ve only been dating for a few months, and normally Cas likes to be cautious, take things slow, but it’s like there’s some sort of force pulling him towards Dean, the same force, he thinks, that drove him to be here, at this place, in this dimly lit dorm room, at this time.
room), and Castiel is half-tucked under the sheets, watching Dean’s reading glasses that Sam coerced him into getting slowly sliding down his nose.
Since it wasn’t a formal interrogation, and Castiel Novak wasn’t, at the moment, a suspect, Gibbs and Tony interviewed him in the conference room. Once they were all seated, Tony offered Castiel a styrofoam cup of coffee, which the professor took gratefully, his eyes rimmed red, brow creased in worry.
The three of them met the second week of freshman year in what Meg calls Grief Group, the actual name of which is the
Cas gets up when his phone’s recurring alarm goes off, does his morning routine, but he feels a little bit like he’s underwater. The apartment is too cold--it feels like the delayed panic from last night is finally setting in.
“Hey!” A familiar voice says, and Charlie turns to see Dean. He looks a lot different in person, skinnier than she expected. To be fair, he’s wearing jeans, an old t-shirt, and a flannel instead of his flight suit, but it’s still a change.
Cas is a physics professor at KSU, and he gets an hour break for lunch on Wednesdays–a break that Dean and Jack typically join him for, if they can manage to leave the house on time. Dean stands outside the car for about two minutes before he goes back inside to see if Jack has found his beloved teddy bear, Marvin.
“We’ve got a warm front and a cold front meeting here--” the weatherman gestures at the screen, “So watch out for a drop in pressure, thunderstorms, and the potential for tornadoes. In the northeast part of the state--”
“Her name is Miracle!” Jack pats the paper. “We’re best friends. Momma found her after everybody disappeared.” He claps his tiny hands over his mouth. “I wasn’t supposed to say that.”
and Cas responds in kind by getting them both bagels and finding Meg rushing between classes thanks to Dean’s calendar.
He peeks into his and Dean’s bedroom–nothing, just the rumpled comforter from when they sleepily tried to make the bed this morning. There’s a coffee cup on Dean’s nightstand, next to his reading glasses and copy of
also shoutout to my friend in film school who, like Charlie, is a woman and an editor and doesn't like Quentin Tarantino. she doesn't read fic but bestie this is for you <3
Jody, Donna, and the girls got here yesterday, and were supposed to stay with Sam and Eileen until Jack insisted that Claire stay at Dean and Cas’s. They’ve instantly become thicker than thieves, which Dean thinks is a little bit dangerous.
And Charlie gets more emails from Meg with updates about Dean—she can call him Dean, Meg says. Dean brings up Castiel in every other conversation (and calls him Cas, but Charlie already knew that) and also evaded the “are you looking for a special someone” question.
They thanked the woman at the diner and found a payphone a couple of blocks away. Luckily, Dean’s wallet was still in his pocket and it had some quarters in it, so he slid them into the receiver and waited. Lyman’s answering machine picked up.
Cas wordlessly hands over the Fanta. When Dean’s finished gassing up the Impala, he replaces the nozzle and then reels Cas in by the wrist and kisses him. It’s brief but soft and warm, and when he lets go of Cas, gently shoves him back towards the passenger’s side of the car, Cas feels all lit up from the inside.
Tuesday’s not much better–some other kid at lunch says they’re “weird” because they don’t have a mom, so Dean dumps his milk carton out onto that kid’s head.
Wants to hear more stories about the library Nicholas works at (a regular life, Victor envies it somewhat), hear more about what Susie’s been up to at school (last time it was learning threes multiplication facts and reading
“I don’t want to go out tomorrow.” Cas fixes Dean with a glare. “Do you remember what, exactly, tomorrow is?”
As Dean helps Jack put the straw in his juice box and then watches Cas very seriously consider all of Jack’s pictures in his coloring book (Jack’s current favorite princess is Aurora from
If someone needed something, Cas was the first person to offer to help. He loved to tag along on adventures and offered great advice and was never upset to end up the designated driver when their friend group went to parties.
He sits down on the lumpy motel bed with Dean’s notebook in his hand, the pounding of the rain on the eaves outside punctuated by the running of the shower. Castiel can just barely hear Dean singing–he’s quite good, actually, but that’s another thing that Dean would take offense to knowing.
I’m writing an essay. I haven’t done this since tenth grade English class, and I never even got to turn it in, because my old man yanked my little brother and I out of school and onto the next town before I could.
guards, unless they’re smuggling. But Eldest...our shipments are larger. And…” Elder gestures at Castiel, “often living as well.”
Dean looks down at the counter, at the ball of dough. The next step is to put it in a greased bowl and let it rise until it’s doubled in size. “Just got in a rhythm.”
Cas doesn’t say goodbye. He’s just there, mouth warm against Dean’s, and then he’s gone, halfway down the street, and Dean’s fingers feel itchy, like he’s gotta find something to hold.
“Sap.” Dean wipes his hands on his jeans and comes up to the garage steps, pulling Cas into his arms. “Hey Cas?”
Once, when I was a teenager, I got caught shoplifting groceries, and my dad dumped me in a boy’s home. He always acted like this stuff was my fault. He died when I was in my late twenties, in a car accident we were in together. I survived, but he didn’t, and his last directive was to
The first touch is exploratory, but no one’s ever touched Cas there before, and then Dean dips a finger
If it wasn’t two in the morning, if Dean wasn’t blissfully unconscious while Cas was unable to fall asleep, if Dean hadn’t pulled Cas out of inky blackness a mere month ago, Cas wouldn’t be saying this.
Cas gasps from his spot on their tiny apartment’s couch, where his textbooks are spread out over the coffee table. “You wouldn’t.”
Castiel reflects that his life has already been changed recently, and he would love it if it didn’t happen again.
and he's pinned against the dryer in the bunker’s laundry room, because he accidentally put a red sock in the load of whites.
I think I might be starting to believe him, my brother, and my best friend. So I want to go back to school, learn some stuff, get to be normal for once, whatever that means for me. I don’t know what I’m gonna do with this degree, but I wanna give myself the chance to do something.
