“Dean, I hope you know that-”
“Not that I spent all my time playing dress up. I also read a lot of stuff. Which probably doesn’t make me seem any more interesting. I swear I had friends growing up and I —“
Castiel both felt and heard the hitch in Dean’s breathing.
Speaking of Cas, Dean wondered where the guy had gotten to. He rinsed his plate in the sink and headed back to his room to throw on some clothes. Somehow searching for the ex-angel in his underwear didn’t seem quite appropriate. Although, some part of Dean wondered if that would finally get a reaction out of him.
“What are you going to do now?” Cas asked.
Hannah and Balthazar were out of the water too now, standing beside him, awkwardly silent and solemn. Gabriel, who must have sensed it was too still outside, came running out of the house, leaving the sliding door wide open behind him. He crashed to his knees, bringing him to eye level with a now very black and white Cas.
Dean gave him an incredulous look but started removing his jacket. “My feelings Cas. I hurt my feelings.”
“After you,” Dean said in a mockingly formal voice. He swung a hand in a grand gesture at the tub. Cas took his hand and stepped into the water, then sunk down and leaned against one side.
He finished his current beer and let the bottle drop into a garbage bag someone had hooked over a doorknob. Someone pressed close behind him, dancing drunkenly. Dean turned with a tight smile and slipped away, making his way outside through the suffocating press of bodies.
“Oh man. Normally I’d never say no but I’m all peopled out for the night. Not sure I can endure another crowded restaurant.”
“Please,” Castiel begged, bringing his own palm up to cup around Dean’s.
Sam beamed at the same time as John scoffed. Dean shovelled another forkful of the pasta into his mouth so he wouldn’t have to take a side. The sauce was smoky and despite the crunchiness of some pieces, it was the best damn thing he had eaten in weeks. It was
He rattled the door, but it didn’t budge.
Cas swung his bag over his shoulder and scanned the room to see if he had forgotten anything. Dean was surprised to find he didn’t want him to go. Cas wound Dean up into a hug and buried his face in the crook of his neck. Dean could feel him inhale deeply.
“Sorry,” he breathed out, suddenly embarrassed.
John’s face darkened instantly, storm clouds blackening his gaze. Dean understood suddenly that his anger had never dissipated. All his bright casualness when he pulled up was a mask.
“Dean, are you trying to seduce me?” Cas asked, eyes glinting with amusement.
Cas reached out to tug off Dean’s shirt and Dean raised his arms without hesitation. The shirt dropped to the floor and Cas’s eyes ran over the newly exposed skin almost hungrily. Dean looked away, somewhat afraid that Cas would comment on the thousands of tiny freckles dotting his shoulders, or worse, the many scars he had on his skin, courtesy of John Winchester’s drunken rages.
Dean laughed and pulled two clean cups off the drying rack, filling them with milk and setting them down on the coffee table. A few minutes into the episode, the oven timer chimed and Dean grabbed a dish towel and took the pan out of the oven. He balanced it over the sink and wondered vaguely when he would decide to buy one of those heat protectant counter thingies for hot pans. He scraped the cookies onto a plate with a spatula and ceremoniously offered the plate to Cas, who took a gooey cookie and blew on it gently to cool it down.
“Because Dean..”
When Dean was finally able to inhale a gasping breath, he pushed himself up off the grass and sat up.
Dean couldn’t deny that the idea was worth a shot, especially when his eyes landed on Cas, who had finished slicing the strawberries. He had an arm pressed tight to his abdomen as if he was bleeding out, and was still somehow trying to look casual about it.
Charlie sighed. “I’ve always wanted a brother. Its never any fun to dress up and pretend to take over neighbouring villages when there aren’t any neighbouring villagers.”
“Family trouble, no point borin’ you with it.”
now. He felt powerful. Ready to seriously
“Will these work?”
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas woke to a frantic hand pushing his hair out of his face. He blinked and found himself yanked up. His head cradled against a sweaty chest. The shirt was soaked with bright spots of blood. Spots that kept multiplying. It took him a moment to realize that meant something was dripping. Another moment to register the pain in his face and realize that the blood was his. Another moment still to realize someone - Dean - was talking.
to John, like his life depended on it.
tattoo flashed darkly, but Cas swallowed and ignored it. He had his answer, and he wouldn’t push anymore.
The bell over the door dinged when Dean entered. Benny had claimed a table in the middle of the sparse dining area and stood when he saw Dean approach.
“I’ll catch you later, you look…busy at the moment,” Bathazar said, melting back into the crowd with a wink. Once he was out of sight Dean seemed to relax against him again.
Evening? Dean thought absently as he checked his watch. To his surprise, it was indeed nearing 6 in the afternoon.
A thousand and one impossibilities led them to this moment. To Cas, hair dark and damp from his shower, lips chapped, pupils blown wide.
“Go on and kiss your girlfriends and we’ll meet back at the bus in fifteen.” She was to the point, as always. Dean knew from her smile that she was proud, but he also knew from her scrawled clipboard that she would have notes for them in more detain at their next practice.
Dean snorted. “How is that a serious question? If I answer red or something then its a deal breaker?”
Cas couldn’t quite believe what he was hearing. It had been
Dean towelled off, then wrapped himself up in his bathrobe. If asked, Dean would deny ownership of the fluffy blue thing to the death, but it was a Christmas present from Sam and if it made him feel warm and nostalgic then there wasn’t anyone around to blame him.
Dean frowned and checked his watch. “Dude I’m eight minutes early.”
One by one or in small groups, other students trickled in.
“Yeah I’m sorry I didn’t catch you. It was good, we won. Party after, the usual.” Dean didn’t mention Cas or the evening they had spent together. It was just too new and fresh, whatever it was. Heck, he didn’t even know if Cas liked guys. Maybe he was just friendly. Dean decided to subtly find out next time he saw him.
Dean grinned, brushed the crumbs from his hands, tugged off his t-shirt and tossed it straight at Benny’s face, then joined Henry’s team.
“Don’t be,” Dean said, voice coming out more gravelly and sure than he really was. He leaned over Cas, drew his face closer still, and left just an inch between them. An inch that Cas did not hesitate to close.
He didn’t say anything more to introduce himself, even though she clearly expected it.
“There’s probably space for both of us, I don’t take up much room.” Dean says it like an almost offhand comment, but Cas knew what he really meant. He knew Dean probably couldn’t bear to be alone after having just took a dive down memory lane and dredged up the horrific events of the last couple weeks.
Cas smirked. “Well in that case, I think you should take a break.” He draped himself over Dean’s crossed legs and looked up at him.
Dean shrugged, “I’m good anywhere.” Although the thought of being in Castiel’s room with him made his stomach flutter. Did the invitation to go somewhere so private mean Castiel was interested in him? Dean allowed himself to hope, just a little bit.
“Dean I can’t ask you to — you just can’t understand —“
Castiel dropped his board in the grass and sat at the top of a halfpipe. Hannah and Bal joined him on either side. They watched as Charlie easily dropped her board, stepped onto it, and rolled down one sloping stretch of concrete and up another. She popped briefly up beside them, waved for a split second, then let the momentum pull her back down again.
Dean smiled lightly, he was so glad he hired her right out of the undergrad class he taught, he’d never met a more talented or dedicated welder in his life.
He had to stop himself tasting the batter several times but reminded himself, just one more day. And anyway, he could always make himself another batch on Sunday. Cas would be so proud of him fantasising about food for once instead of forgetting it.
He made a promise to himself and to Nick. He vowed to devote his life to helping others like Nick and to making sure that never happened again. A year later he began university. It took eight years, three degrees and four different cities, but he was finally officially registered as a Clinical-Dynamic Therapist, the only Pure Dominant to have ever done so.
Every single time...
“Sounds good,”
“Do you want to go on?” Fearing the answer, but believing in Dean enough to trust him with the choice.
“Sweatheart? Dean? Open your eyes for me. Can you talk?”
Sam nodded, but his eyes turned sad, “Unfortunately, there aren’t many people on that list. You see, Dean has only lived here for the past sixteen months and for much of that time he’s been incredibly ill. He’s spent so much time confined to his bed, he hasn’t really had a chance connect with people,” Sam sounds regretful, like this is somehow his fault.
Benny thinks for a moment, "I'm not entirely sure, but one thing I know for sure is that he doesn’t trust us.  We keep forgetting he wasn’t raised here and he doesn’t understand our ways. Even before he got sick again, he kept asking me why we’re always so careful, so restrictive of him, he hid it, but I know it made him angry. He thinks things just keep getting worse and worse. Yesterday, he told me that everything now feels like it's the final time. Final walk outside, final sleep in a normal bed, final piss, final meal. We just keep taking things away from him." Benny sounded miserable. “I know Dean thinks we're cruel and I don't blame him. We have been cruel.”
They rushed him to the hospital and put him back on the suppressants. Then they called the OSP on me.”
he reminded himself,
This thing was, like most closed societies, the Harbour could be a very small place and when the famously ‘
If he can start by avoiding certain already established triggers, that will be immediately helpful.
“I gave the hospital a fake name. Never told them what happened.”
But now that the room is built and they can do it at home, allow themselves that small luxury, if not complete privacy.
“Gabe told me yesterday that he noticed you were having issues with him touching you.”
“Can you tell me a bit more about his sensory issues?”
And they did, easing up together and down the corridor, Dean clenched his fists and tried desperately to act normal.
“Can you stomach a proper meal?” Gabe asked Dean, hoping to turn the conversation away to more comfortable topics.
“I do!”
“Yeah, it’s fine.”
Not till he wanted it.
“We can finish now if you want,” Dean suggests, wanting to get it done with now that the worst is over.
Cas respected the man he was becoming even more, he could see Sam achieving great things, given time and opportunity. He just hoped that didn’t pull him even further away from his brother.
“They’re fine. They’ve been here often enough to know where everything is. We can go to bed now too.”
“I thought I could bring him around.”
The whispered ‘thank you’ was almost inaudible but enough to reassure Castiel that Dean would be ok. He became non-verbal when he was genuinely not coping, Castiel had stopped in time.
“Then I want you to work on accepting his touch, trusting him to look after you. I don’t expect you to allow just anyone, in fact I would be angry if you did, but I need someone who can act on my behalf that we both trust. If Gabriel isn’t the right person for that job, we can try and find someone else.”
"I bet he doesn't, who would?" Castiel says ruefully.
“Yeah,” he murmurs, meaning it, the drugs thick in his blood but he'd answered truthfully. It was time he realized to tell Cas everything, all the shameful and painful truths he wanted to hide forever. He owed Cas that much.
No matter how many times he’d shared Dean’s heat, he’d never lasted more than twenty hours. This time he’d only managed fifteen. Very much on the lower end of the normal range.
“Yeah,” he sighs, “At least this way I won’t be tense all night.”
Would you like another chapter of the interlude? Or back to the main story?
“Sure thing.”
Cas helped him shift back over, settling him on his front again. He could hear the snick of a cap opening and the sensation of a warm liquid pooling in the middle of his back.
“No problem. Charlie’s so quick with this stuff that she sometimes forgets that the rest of us aren’t.” he shrugs, “we all just do our best to keep up. Dean’s always teasing her about it, but he doesn’t complain when she hooks him up with the latest games and movies that aren’t even out yet.”
Cas steps back, clearly upset but controlled.
“Hey, no problem. I know how it is. How is it coming along?”
Benny gestures to the sink and starts to scrub his hands, "We're pretty concerned about his immune system. His Immunoglobulin blood tests show he’s low in three of the five scores."
“Yes,” Castiel replied warily, unsure where this conversation was heading.
Gabe drifted in and out of sleep, never quite settling, but managing a couple of hours at least. He had no idea of the time when he heard rather than saw Cas climb out of bed and make his way to the bathroom, the room was still completely dark save for the low glow of the medical monitors mounted about the room.
The suggestion sets Dean of again, viciously scratching (though they'd cut his fingernails yesterday for just this reason) and tearing at the arms around him.
“Dean! So good to hear from you!”
“Yeah, they finally settled down a bit, eventually, spaced themselves out normally. Though you’re the last person I need to explain to how awful they still are for him, his body just never properly recovered from it all. With the infertility from suppressant toxicity and the way it still affects his hormone function and brain chemistry, they say he’s just never going to be...” Sam sighs, muttering under his breath something Cas can’t quite catch.
“Yes?"
He knocked on the door and entered, knowing he needed no approval to do his job.
Cas has obviously already had a shower (one of his concessions to the weekend was letting Dean sleep in while he got himself ready) and he’d dressed casually as he always did on a Saturday, in soft pants and simple comfortable shirts. He usually had Dean shower himself on Saturdays, his hands will be all over him for the rest of the day anyway, and it’s good practice to have Dean do these basic self care tasks himself once in awhile.
“I know, mate,” Benny chuckled sympathetically, “since we own the company, the House gets the newest model before they're commercially available. Just push it here and then press the green button for the list of names.”
“Ok breathe out gently. Pause. Now in, feel it to your stomach. Relax.” He’s pressing there slightly, “Good. You’re doing so good. Out again. Pause. Slow yourself down. Feel your body. That’s really good. Slowly, gently, relax. That’s it. Now again…” On and on he spoke, repeating until Dean was following him properly. His world narrowing back on Cas’s voice.
He woken up three weeks later, half-dead, but kept alive by machines and veins full of chemicals. Six weeks after that, once they’d pulled the tube out his throat and he could hold a sitting up position, they’d transferred to a Dynamic Treatment Centre. Later that day, Castiel would undergo a Dynamic Spectrum  Assessment and find out that had an FSDS of 19.89 and a ‘Pure Designation’, which placed him at extremely high risk for Dynamic Disfunction.
Next, they’d contacted his lawyer, his employer, his old university mentor and his parents, each time offering higher pay, more and more incentives.
“Ohhh,” and “aahhmmm” and “uurr” become his only vocabulary.
He fell of the radar for a couple of years after that. He was working as a mechanic, and he seemed to pull himself together. He even paid taxes and bought himself a car, a gorgeous 1967 Chevy Impala. We managed to find it and buy it back for him. It’s stored here in the garages for when he’s healthy enough to work on it again.
Dean climbs into bed easily enough but can’t seem to settle. He tosses and turns, catching himself on the tube more than once, kicking his feet out of the blankets and tossing his second pillow aside.
“Please!” Dean begs, suddenly needy, the headrush of touch making him a little delirious, the desire hitting him harder than he ever expected.
“Tomorrow will be fine. Just meeting with Benny and Dean will give me plenty to do for the rest of today.”
He flops down on the familiar seat and grunts in annoyance at himself for needing it, “All of it, just buckle me in. Tight. This is really going to suck.”
Then the ice pack is gone and the device is back. Cas works as quickly as he can, his hands shaking slightly in urgency to get this done. It fits snuggly around his dick, snow soft and tender to touch, not enough cold to numb it, just to sear the arousal away. Cas is gentle as he eases Dean’s penis down the plastic shaft, a perfect fit. Then the feel of Cas’s fingers pulling his testicles away from his body tentatively while he fits the metal ring around the back of them. The lock snaps shut with an almost inaudible click. Dean shudders, the cold still seeping into his bones.
“What do you need?”
“I think he did you know? Come back as one last act of cruelty,” Dean confesses.
With his penis enclosed in the device and the other component seated fully between his legs. The final plastic panels at the front and back of the device were raised and fastened to the heavy belt around Dean's middle. This way he could shift and move around on the bench a bit without dislodging from the machine, which was fitted inside the bench in such a way that moved with Dean's body, never allowing him to actually pull away from it. They strapped his legs with loose leather clips from the bench to the harness, just tight enough to keep him from moving back and forward very far. He could still shift his hips several inches as he pleased.
“He also had Dean placed on the Vulnerable Submissives Register,” Castiel grimaced, but that followed, Dean definitely was vulnerable enough to justify listing him.
“I hope,” Cas offers, carefully not making any promises, “That I might be able to offer a new perspective and approach to the situation.” Castiel purposefully emphasized that he would be looking to make changes to their approach, it was best to start on the right foot.
He was also blindfolded, gagged, and equipped with EEG and ECG monitoring devices. As Castiel watched, the whole frame shifted slightly to the right, adjusting Dean’s bodyweight just enough to change the pressure areas. The padded foam and gel casing around the frame also relieved the pressure, so he could safely be kept immobile within the frame for a very long time.
Hope you're enjoying it so far, next chapter's from Dean's POV.
“Absolutely!”
The problem with Submissives, Castiel learned, is that they don’t realise they’ve made a choice.
“Let’s get these out of you,” Gabe slips the dilators out gently and puts them away, giving Dean a moment to adjust to the feeling.
“Ok, you can let go.”
Dean turns a little guiltily in his seat and looks over at Cas, “Sorry, yeah, let's do that. Morning got away from us.”
“Jess,” Dean soon had her in his arms as well, although a lot more hesitantly. He really did like her and thought she was perfect for Sam, he just had a hard time showing her the affection he felt.
“Shit, Fuck! I knew you weren’t ready. Shit! Dean I’m so sorry!”
He gave a last longing look at the coffee pot before grabbing his own keys and phone. He didn’t want to be late and knew that Charlie would be waiting for him in the studio.
“Well damn. Give a man some warning next time.”
“What other compression techniques beyond the CRP frame do you use? Compression clothing for example?”
The next day, for the first time the feeding tube and catheter had gone in, as well as the application of glucose monitors, pulse oximeters, blood pressure, and other monitoring devices. He’d spent the day interviewing him, digging down as far as he could into Dean’s medical history, family history, everything, interrogating him about past. He would spend the next few weeks documenting every part of him, collecting data, learning and building a plan.
Dean's understanding clicks a bit too late, and then he's all flustered, a flush spreading over his neck and face, making his freckles shine.
"Come on," Sam says. "I know when you're lying."
"Yeah, Cas, I was—" Dean opens his eyes again. "I was scared," he finishes. "I'm sorry."
"Yeah. Why wouldn't it be?"
"Do not, I repeat,
Dean Winchester is... bisexual?
"I don't know, Dean." Sam sighs, and it actually sounds kind of sorrowful. "Maybe you just wanted what you couldn't have."
"Oh my- oh my god," Sam muttered, then, as his gaze flickered down to Cas and Dean's bodies under the blanket, gasped as if he had only just understood what exactly was happening. "Oh god."
Dean was- Well, he was stunning. Leaning against the headboard, back supported by a pillow, faint bruises on his neck, cum on his stomach and his face, still panting.
"Okay." There's a second of silence. "You also asked something personal about me, which I would like to answer to the best of my abilities."
The Winchesters work a case that involves crashing a wedding. That's kind of fun, or at least something different for once, and they hang around after to make sure that everything's clear.
Sam had never imagined kissing Cas. But even if he had, he definitely wouldn't have imagined it to happen with Cas' lips glazed over with Dean's cum. He licked at the bitterness, dizzy from the sensation of knowing what his brother tasted like, then allowed Cas to slip his tongue into his mouth. With a happy hum, Cas pressed his body against Sam's, and Sam was heavily aware of his hard cock rubbing at the angel's crotch. He let his arms run up Cas' back, one under the coat, one on top, sliding all the way up until his fingers were in the angel's hair, and he grabbed and pulled until Cas tilted his head back and moaned so deliciously that Sam felt his cock twitch. He pressed their lips together again, bit the angel's lips playfully, smiling against him.
Dean hears Sam's sarcastic shout before they close the door, "Jeez, I wonder what you two could
That's a load of bullcrap of course. But at least his brother isn't teasing him about any of this. (Not yet, anyway.) At this point, Dean would probably just snap.
No, no, too far.
"Okay, I'm leaving, I'm leaving," Sam exclaimed, loudly, probably in an attempt to drown out any other noises.
It's different with Cas, though, because he trusts Cas completely, has no qualm about showing him every part of himself. The angel saw his soul and put together his atoms, it's not like it gets anymore intimate than that.
Cas sighs. "I wish that were true."
s and
So yeah, holy shit. This is happening. This is happening? Dean's just... kissing a dude now, regularly? And not just kissing, no, full-on making out, like horny teenagers. And that's all it is, because Dean doesn't let it go further than that, because there's only so much he can take, and he doesn't even want to think about the logistics of gay sex. He's curious, though, he has to admit, about how Cas would look naked. Naked and in his bed, maybe smiling up at him, maybe gesturing him to come closer. And he wonders what it would feel like to hear Cas whisper filthy things in his ear; whether Dean would come undone at that or if it would just be awkward, and what would happen if Dean did the same to Cas; would the angel understand, how would he react?
Dean groaned quietly, started moving his hips.
attracted to men," Cas says, and Dean's breath hitches. "Since you asked about that specifically."
But Dean is surprised to find out that it's the exact opposite: Though he does appreciate Cas' womanly features, his favorite parts of the angel's body are the most masculine: his pleasure trail, which Dean loves places kisses along; his thick thighs decorated with dark hair; his shoulders; his big feet; the deepness of his voice when he attempts (and succeeds at) dirty talk; the way his beard scratches him when Cas is kissing or going down on him.
"Y'know Sammy, I know we're hot and all, but this is kind of a private moment." His voice didn't sound as cool as he no doubt went for.
Dean sighs into it, opening his mouth to let Cas gain access. The angel's tongue gently strokes over his lips but doesn't enter. Too soon it's over; Cas straightens himself up again and takes a step backwards.
"Nice to meet you, Dean." Linda turns towards Sam, regarding him for a moment. "And you are?"
If you asked Dean, he would tell you that he expected to like Cas' feminine side: his full lips, soft skin, his smooth chest, his small waist. Maybe the dip of his lower back, where his back ends and his butt begins. Or the way his moans are an octave higher than Dean expected.
"Uh, okay, listen, Cas," he starts, tone apologetic. "I don't want that. Not yet. Maybe not ever. I'm sorry, it's just..." He trails off with no intention of finishing his sentence, thinking Cas will interrupt him.
Cas parts his lips and Dean lets his tongue explore, heart almost exploding when he meets Cas' tongue and the angel lets out a low hum. It zaps right to Dean's crotch, but he doesn't care, just moves one of his hands to the back of Cas' neck, fingers playing with the short hair there.
"Gay or ally?" she asks with a wicked grin.
"Yeah," Sam says, "I am." The answer comes so quickly and easily, and Dean is all kinds of jealous.
"No, it's- it's about Cas."
Cas returned Dean's kisses, hands on the hunter's waist, Dean's warmth spreading throughout him. "Sam," he murmured and placed a soft kiss on Dean's cheek before nibbling his ear.
Dean gasped for air, feeling empty without Cas inside him. He watched as the knob of the bathroom door turned, almost as if in slow motion until Sam stepped out. Only a single second passed before their eyes met.
Cas presses another kiss on Dean's lips. "You deserve everything good in this world, Dean. And if you had asked me I would have said yes. So I will ask you now. May I have the honor of being your boyfriend?"
"Huh."
Dean turns around to face his brother. "You memorized our anniversary? Gross, dude."
"He's really good at hunting ghosts," Cas says, apparently unaware of the effect of his words on Dean. "If you really did see a ghost then you need to tell us all about it so we can catch it. Can you do that?"
God, Cas would look amazing on top of him: unbuttoned shirt and sweaty forehead, hair standing in all directions and small gasps coming out of his mouth as he grinds on Dean, one hand on Dean's naked chest to support himself, the other on his own leaking cock.
Dean looks up from the coffee machine. "Okay. And?"
"Yeah, not my definition of fun." Dean takes a sip of his coffee.
Cas is sitting at the war table. Several lore books as well as the drawing he received from the girl are spread out in front of him. He looks up when the brothers enter.
"Hate to break it to you, but I'm already old," Dean chuckles.
Maybe this is something Dean's gotta try after all.
Dean swallows and gathers his courage. "I need to talk to you about something."
Dean, very uncharacteristically, doesn't finish his meal.
"Yeah," and, pushing himself down on Cas' fingers, "Oh- Oh yeah, fuck."
"Oh," Dean says, and waits for Cas to say something.
Oh boy. Now Dean can't stop thinking about fucking Cas' ass. His gorgeous, round, muscly ass. God, he would be so tight, so good—
Sam frowns at that and seems honestly surprised. "What?"
The Winchesters were - to nobody's surprise - in a cheap motel, somewhere in the deep south. They had finished their hunt three days prior, and were staying a few extra days to make sure that the freak thing was gone for good. The days, filled with greasy diner food and expensive soft drinks, stretched seemingly endlessly, July heat making their movements and minds sluggish. Finally the sun was setting again and it was cooling down. Sam would be able to concentrate on some research later. For now he was rearranging his few possessions in his duffel bag in an attempt to create additional space. His brother was propped up on one of the king-sized beds, one leg over the other, skipping through channels on the old-fashioned television, complaining every few minutes about how crappy cable tv was these days.
fantasies.
And that's how Sam finds out that they have sex.
Yep, there it is, that feeling.
Things were a lot simpler back when he had himself convinced of the same thing.
Dean's words from earlier echoed in his head. Dean had wanted Sam to look, to see. A shiver ran down his spine.
Dean shrugs with raised eyebrows and shoots his brother a look that conveys
"Woah," Dean says, pretty much speechless.
"I have been thinking about our relationship."
The thoughts don't stop pouring in, images of crystal-blue eyes and loosened ties and discarded trenchcoats.
When Cas comes, just a few seconds after him, the ceiling light bursts and sends red-hot sparks flying down unto them.
"I remember Stonewall," Cas murmurs thoughtfully. "It wasn't all that long ago."
"Why'd you do that?" Dean asks before anything else.
." He squeezes Dean's hand. "Before you, I was barely alive. After you... I fear I will die."
.) And oh god, did he jack off to the thought of Castiel, Angel of The Lord?
After that, Cas reckons that Dean should pray to John as well. Dean prays to his mother instead, asking her to tell dad.
It's late, Sam's in bed already and Dean is about to say goodnight to Cas when the angel suddenly grabs his shoulder, gently pulling him closer. His eyes, dark yet affectionate, meet Dean's for an instant, and Dean detects a hint of hesitation in them; a question.
It's hot, and it gets him there, but right as he comes he tells himself "Don't think about Cas", and that makes him think about Cas, and-
"Hello Sam," Cas says and gets up. "Dean." He walks up to Dean and embraces him for a short moment, placing a kiss on his lips as they pull apart again.
They're in a bar they've scouted for a case, but the hunt was over and now they're waiting for dawn to drive back to the bunker. Dean had suggested drinks and hustling pool.
Dean grins. "Well, we have all the time in the world." He moves to grab Cas' hands that are resting on his own stomach and squeezes.
"Hello Sam, Dean," Castiel said. Sam could hear him moving closer to his brother on the bed. A few seconds of silence later the rusty bedframe creaked under the weight of a second person. Quiet kissing sounds made Sam raise his eyebrows and bite back any stupid remark he was dying to give.
"About?" Dean feigns ignorance.
Sam opened his mouth to retort, couldn't think of anything, grabbed his towel out from his bag, turned to Dean to give him his best bitchface, and said "If it was so private you'd have your own room." He opened the bathroom door. "I'm taking a shower," he said and did just that. A cold one.
Cas nods slowly, eyes fixed on him — probably not buying it, Dean thinks.
"I enjoy kissing you, period." Dean kissed him, hard and messy, just to prove his point.
Cas always liked talking to Dean during their make-out sessions. From the very start, he always made sure that Dean is comfortable and that whatever he is doing feels good. Lately, however, Cas slips in other things in between the questions. Endearments, prayers, and then, after the thing in the car, "I love you"s.
Cas smiles at him, warm and lovingly, and Dean immediately calms down.
"Yes," Cas replies, sorrowful, and falls quiet again.
"Okay, okay, don't say that word again please," Dean interrupts him.
He plans it like this:
At his words Dean's gaze returned to him, eyes glazed over, eyebrows slightly raised. Muffled moans slipped through Cas' fingers as his other hand continued to open Dean up.
Doesn't matter; maybe being attracted to an angel lies outside of the whole straight-gay realm anyway.
Thank god Cas interrupts him this time.
"I know what you're afraid of, Dean, but please hear me out." He leans in closer, raising his chin and regarding Dean with an unwavering stare and dilated pupils. "I want you," he says, dragging out each word as if it was the most important thing in the world, "
smart. And besides, he doesn't seem to be bothered by the lack of definition for their relationship, he just seems content, and hey, Dean is happy too, but he's also a bit nervous: nervous that Cas might not understand that Dean wants to be exclusive, or that Cas might not understand that Dean never wants this to end, or that Cas might not understand that Dean really loves him—
A month or so later, Dean finally feels normal again. Cas comes to visit, and Dean can hold a conversation without daydreaming about the angel. Why would he, anyway? Cas is his best friend. He's handsome, sure. But he's a
Dean let out a sound that was anywhere between a moan and a groan. "There's lube in my bag," he managed to get out.
in his eyes, he's holding back so hard.
A flutter of wings announced their friend Castiel's arrival, and Sam rolled his eyes when he heard Dean turn off the tv and greet the angel with a smooth "Heeeey".
Sam's in the passenger side complaining about the radio station Dean chose. Dean grunts at him, repeating his rules about shotguns and pie holes.
That being said, transitioning into an actual relationship is hard, and Dean was never good at asking, always waited until the girl asked. And the women he dated were all smart and picked up on it, and did ask.
Cas says "Dean, I need to talk to you," very seriously, and Dean's stomach flips.
"You guys have been together for a year now."
"You enjoy kissing me when Sam is there," Cas said.
Dean doesn't say.
"No. He didn't, either."
That's a point for straight.
He stooped so low already. He asked, god forbid, his
"Alright, it'd be fine if you
"Dean, do you pleasure yourself to the thought of me?" Cas asks him flat-out.
Dean felt Cas fucking into him again right as he heard Sam open the motel room door. A second passed, then the door fell shut.
Sam moves his legs to make space for him. "Oh." is all he says.
Dean huffs and pokes the mattress in thought. "I think he wants to do it again."
"Nothing," Dean deflects.
Dean scoffs and shoots Sam a look.
Sam shoots him a lopsided smile and chuckles. "No, there's no case. I just thought maybe—"
Dean stutters around a bit, trying to find words to defend himself. "I've got no idea what he could mean by that," he lies.
"Yeah, and while I'm at it, I'll ask him to marry me. Have kids. Reserve us spots at a retirement home." Dean shoots Sam a look. "That's not us, and you know it."
There's a second of silence as Dean turns the knob to a different station. A slow rock ballad starts filling the car. Dean's gaze flicks towards the rearview mirror and he sees Cas's face. A soft smile is spreading over it.
"I love you," Cas simply says and kisses him. Dean melts into it, wrapping his arms around Cas' back. The angel's warmth spreads through him, through his veins into his heart and soul, familiar and yet celestial.
"Okay," Dean puts his phone on the table and looks at his brother. "So what, is there a case?"
"Okay," Cas says and interlocks their fingers before sitting down on one of the chairs, pulling Dean down with him. "What is it?" he asks, voice low and gruff, while Dean sits down on top of him, straddling him.
Too far.
In the car, Dean asks Sam why Cas is always all over them, so touchy. His brother says he only does that to Dean, which shuts Dean up until three hours later when he asks Sam if he's straight.
"Oh?"
It's Cas' first Ikea experience, and when he and Dean can't make heads or tails of the instructions ("I
He closes the tab.
Sam is watching Dean intently.
"Hey sweetie," she says, Texan drawl immediately making her seem likable to Dean. "First Pride?"
"I don't know if I want to!" Dean exclaims. "And I... I used to want it, but then one day I woke up and I didn't really care one way or another."
They spend Christmas in the bunker with a giant tree where the telescope usually stands. Dean gets an ironic ugly Christmas sweater for Cas, and Cas keeps wearing it well into January.
Sam notices, of course.
Cas shows up nevertheless, a few hours later, and announces himself with a rap on Dean's bedroom door.
Cas thrusts backward, craving more, begging. "Please, Dean... Please... wanted this so long..."
"And it can't wait until tomorrow? Is it a hunt?" Sam turns back around, squinting at Dean.
(Castiel knew that sometimes, when he was playing with Dean's nipples, or licking him open, or pounding into him, Dean was imagining someone else there with them, watching. Cas had found this out when, one evening, he had been fucking Dean in the bunker, sucking bruises into the hunter's neck, and Dean had made so many filthy noises, little
Dean swallows a humiliating sound, and thinks to himself,
"I do experience attraction. And I
Dean smiles at her. "Okay-dokey."
It felt good.
Cas usually keeps a clear head when they're making out. It's kind of annoying because Dean doesn't want anything more than to see Cas come undone by his touch. But it's probably good for them both that at least one of them stays sane.
Sam hums in pleasant surprise and starts to dig in while Cas hands Dean the bigger one of the remaining hot dogs. "This one is the daily special. And this one..." he indicates the one he has left, "...I'll be holding for you until you've finished your first."
"No," Dean replies. "I haven't."
"Cas..." Sam begins.
Dean listens to Cas talk and sees his baby brother looking at the angel with big eyes, and he feels Sam's knee against his own and Cas' arm around his waist, and he's thankful for it all.
"Well, I feel honored." The grin on Dean's face was somehow audible. Then, quieter: "Cm'here."
Dean is pretty good with confrontation.
What's even more shocking is that Sam is there too, trying to hide his laughter behind one of his giant paws. There are actually
He finds a quiz.
He's right. Again.
To summarize, Sam doesn't give a fuck.
Dean takes a deep breath and spreads Cas, letting his fingers run over Cas' hole carefully, eliciting a heavy moan from the angel.
In his dream, he was kissing Cas, right on the mouth, like it's nothing at all, like he does it all day every day.
"So... It's March." Sam begins.
Dean sighs and picks up his full coffee cup. "Guess not."
Sam doesn't say anything for the rest of the drive, probably to get them to talk, but they don't.
Cas, of course, chose that exact moment to push into Dean, not stopping until he was balls-deep. Dean whimpered and watched as Sam's face changed from surprise to pure and utter shock.
They leave the house and Cas zaps away, promising to meet them back at the bunker.
of thing) for a while now. He was happy for his brother, even if Dean was apparently still not fond of the idea of Sam seeing him and the angel together, awkward and twitchy whenever Sam caught them kissing. So, being the good baby brother that he was, Sam always turned the other way - or at the very least pretended to do so - so that they could have their little moments of peace.
Sam crosses his arms. "You're wrong. Go ask your boyfriend, he'll know." They've been arguing about the specifics of a case the three of them are working together.
Dean swallows heavily.
He opened his eyes carefully, sharing a look with Cas. The angel's face was flushed, beads of sweat running down his temples, arousal darkening his eyes. It was one of Dean's favorite images. But he tore his gaze away, to look at his brother.
So, without turning to look at the angel, Sam greeted Cas with a "Hey buddy".
A few moments passed, and Sam noticed that he had moved around the same two t-shirts in his bag for the last minute at least. His thoughts were a few feet behind him, on the bed with his brother and Cas. Just a quick peek, Dean wouldn't notice...
Dean sighs. "We're... not."
It feels better than Dean can bear.
"You asked what, or rather who, I'm 'into'. I assume you meant romantic or sexual attraction?"
Cas frowns. "Please don't mention my father."
Dean points to his glass of whiskey. "Strength comes from within."
"Ugh, fine," he says, and puts as much annoyance in there as possible.
At first, Cas seems hungry enough for Dean's lips that he would starve without them. He keeps pressing hard kisses on Dean, not breaking them apart until Dean is desperate for air.
, and takes a hesitant step towards the bed. He's just as naked as Cas, having gotten rid of both their clothing minutes ago.
Maybe he is straight after all, Dean wonders to himself. And in a moment of extraordinary weakness (or strength, if you wanna be all mushy) he talks to Sam about it.
It also means that Cas learns how to make love, and not just rub their sweaty bodies together in desperation. He worships every inch of Dean's body, and while Dean can't possibly accept any of the beautiful compliments he gets, he does like hearing them; likes Cas' undivided attention on him, and the way he makes such a human, biological act feel angelic and graceful.
On their way home, they discussed their plan for the rest of the day, so Dean immediately goes to the kitchen to warm up yesterday's dinner leftovers while Sam prepares the Netflix documentary.
The angel placed a few kisses on Dean's thighs and ass before carefully inserting a finger, steady gaze on Dean's face to make sure he was alright.
"Five," Dean corrects him, and instantly regrets it.
He's holding the sheets in his hand, arm stretched far out, nose wrinkled.
Cas' hand vanishes from Dean's pants and a moment later Dean is pulled out of the kitchen, past Sam, quickly into the direction of their bedroom.
He doesn't wait for a second, doesn't give it a chance to disappear; he rushes in to set a hand on either side of Cas' face while the angel's arms are still in the air, pushes himself between Cas' knees. He hesitates for only a second, meeting Cas' shocked eyes, then pulls him in for a kiss.
Cas is also smart of course. Hell, he's a lot smarter than Dean, and maybe even smarter than Sam (but don't tell him that), but he is
, and after that he gets a lot of feelings-talk that borders dangerously close to chick-flick territory.
Cas continued to open Dean up, sliding in and out of him, kissing him, swallowing all the little moans that escaped through Dean's lips.
A few weeks pass and they're on a hunt. Sam is searching the house for EMF and Dean and Cas talk to the vics: a young mother and her daughter. The child saw a ghost and doesn't want to talk, so Dean requests for the woman to step out of the room for a second. He gives his usual talk to the kid: that he believes everything, and he wants to hear what the girl has to say, no matter how crazy it sounds. It doesn't get her to talk, however, and then it's Cas' turn to attempt to get information out of her. Cas has learned a lot about social cues and human emotion, so he goes for the personal route: he kneels in front of the girl and tells her "My name is Castiel. I'm not actually from the FBI. Me and my friends, we're ghostbusters."
Sam rolls his eyes and sighs. "I didn't say you have to marry him, that was all you. I just mean, maybe Cas would enjoy knowing that you're, like, officially together or somethin'."
"You sound like a broken record, you know that?" Dean complains.
The next time Cas visits them is just three days later, and Sam deliberately goes for a grocery trip right when the angel arrives, which Dean doesn't find funny at all.
"Dean..." Cas mewls, hand on his own cock, stroking slowly.
"Did you finally ask him?"
But he doesn't pray to him. Cas is probably busy anyway.
What is this, sixth grade?
Cas is absolutely blissed out then, in a way Dean hasn't seen since he saw Apocalypse Cas high on weed, and he chuckles to himself as he places tiny, calming kisses on Cas' chest.
Cas is in the library when Dean comes stumbling out of the shower. Dean already has enough alcohol intake to forget the whole gay-fantasy thing, even though it's barely noon. Still, the sight of the angel is rather shocking.
Dean can't sleep. And he can't stop thinking about Cas; about not being a wuss and actually asking him for what he wants to try out; for what he craves.
Later that day, at breakfast, Sam notices that something's up with his brother. And when Dean nonchalantly tries to ask when Cas said he would return Sam knows what this is about.
He vanishes, and the moment with him, and Dean's heart does somersaults.
When Dean breathes his response into Cas' lips for the first time Cas moans hard and grips Dean's shoulders more tightly. And when Dean keeps saying it — because if that's the reaction he gets out of Cas for it, he sure as hell is going to continue — Cas truly unravels, and that's when they do it for the first time:
Sam tilts his head. "What? What type is he, then? Also, it's not like you're the relationship type either."
It's just too much. Just regular, heterosexual porn please, and thank you.
put your crusty-ass bedsheets in the laundry when it's my turn to wash," Sam says.
Dean probably just imagined the whole thing. All that turmoil for nothing — Turns out he's straight after all.
Dean looks away. He feels his brother staring at him for a full minute before Sam finally turns away. He leans towards the window, making himself as small as possible, as if he weren't even there. That fucker.
you inside of me, Dean. I want to be close to you." These last words he whispers onto Dean's lips, almost touching, but not quite.
"Okay."
Sam, who is always the one reaching up towards ceilings due to his height, fixes the light in Dean's room and asks them how it broke in the first place.
Dean grunts, but still doesn't know what to say.
He's going to hell.
One time, when Dean is a bit drunk, he is getting his balls kissed and sucked on, and it feels so fucking good that he pushes Cas' face down further. Cas hums happily and nabs at Dean's butt before carefully spreading the asscheeks and licking at Dean's hole. It sends a shiver of cold panic through Dean's body, so he pulls Cas up again, and Cas happily takes Dean's cock in his mouth and finishes their togetherness in that way.
Cas rolls his eyes, but there's a faint smile on his lips. "I would like to try it," he says.
"Please let's talk about it," the angel says.
Sam gives up with an "Okay, okay, jeez," but then Cas chimes in, from the middle back seat, "I agree with your brother, I would also like a different song."
When Sam suggested a movie night Dean didn't think that this is how it would end. 'This' — as in: making out with Cas on the couch while Sam is dozing in the armchair not five feet away.
Cas's fingers pressed hard into his hip, chapped lips on Dean's abdomen, his chest, around his nipple. Cas continued moving upwards, sucking on Dean's neck again, biting softly, groaning, all the while continuing to pound Dean's ass. Dean felt the angel's teeth, his tongue, and begged, almost prayed, "More, C-Cas, please...", voice hoarse. He kept his eyes on Sam, transfixed. "Hard- Harder, please, Cas," and a string of obscenities and fifthy noises as Cas obeyed, quickening his movement, not holding back anymore. Cas' pounding moved Dean's whole body up and down, blurring and shaking his image of Sam, who was somehow still just standing there, lips parted, a shiny layer of sweat on his face, or maybe he was still damp from the shower, his hair was wet anyway, and fuck, that was hot, Dean thought. Sam was hot. Honest-to-god attractive and sexy and- "Sam, Sammy," he whimpered before he could stop himself.
"But, why did you tell me? Since I'm pretty sure you don't want me to ask for details," Sam finishes.
Sam knows that he's lying, of course, and raises a challenging eyebrow at him.
be up to!"
Dean doesn't expect much to change, at least not yet. They still haven't made anything official, Dean hasn't even breached the topic yet, but somehow their relationship seems more rounded.
Cas slides down the headboard, pressing his body closer to Dean's and nuzzling into his chest. "Yes. Maybe my brothers and sisters will see how much you mean to me, and chain me there," he murmurs dreamily. "I would stay with you forever. If you let me."
He turned his head so he could see the men in his peripheral vision. They were indeed still kissing. The image almost made his heart burst in happiness. He was genuinely happy for them. But, being only human, he was curious as well. He turned more, and let out a surprised gasp when he saw Castiel's hand pressing onto Dean's chest, his brother's shirt ridden halfway up. Dean's eyes snapped open at the sound, then he peeled himself away from Cas, gaze locked on Sam.
"No, not really." Dean gently directs Cas' chin to face him again. "You haven't asked."
It went from slow and saccharine to hot and heavy, and now it's positively filthy, and all Dean can do to keep Sam from waking up is to swallow every little moan that slips out of Cas. He's on top of the angel, holding him by the wrists with one hand and exploring his body through the thin fabric of his dress shirt with the other. It's only when Cas bucks his hips up to grind against him that Dean's insecurity gets the best of him, and Dean presses a last, deep kiss on Cas' lips and pulls away, climbing off of the angel with a red face and mumbling something about going to sleep.
! What are you even talking about?"
He hesitates for a moment. "You introduced me as your boyfriend," he then says matter-of-factly.
"Good?" Cas asked, voice low.
"Uh, yeah," Dean stutters, and exchanges a glance with Sam.
Cas tilts his head and squints. "Yes." He squeezes Dean's hand softly.
Cas just giggles, and Dean realizes that he wants to be with him forever.
Dean motions Cas to sit up and hands the two of them their food before getting comfortable next to Cas and pressing play.
Finally, they broke apart, both of them instinctively turning to look towards Dean.
How about that?
Turns out that Cas just wanted to do some people-watching, so instead of marching they stand on the sidelines and point at funny signs or crazy outfits until they grow hungry.
“Do you think he can?” Cas asks, honestly curious as to how well Sam understood his brother.
“Yeah, these helped a lot. Thanks,” Dean stretches slightly feeling the resisting leather against his chest holding him down to the bed.
Cas looks pityingly down at his erection, obviously realising just how much this was going to suck and feeling more than a little sympathy.
Gabe lets Cas finish washing Dean, choosing instead to retrieve the next harness setup. Laying it out on the table by the door.
Dean resists for a moment, limbs hard and tense again his, his body arching up, eyes shooting open in panic. He’s lost still but coming around, gaze unfocused, searching, frantic.
“I’m sure it will. Thank you,” Castiel flips to the back of the file and peers at the date on the final sheet, “The final date listed here is just after Dean’s seventeenth birthday, are there any records from after that date?”
“Need you.”
He reached into the front of his carry-on bag and pulled out his Blood Hormone Meter and testing kit. Pricking his finger with the lancet, he then collected the resulting drop of blood on the testing strip, which he inserted into the meter. It didn’t take long for the result to flash up on the screen. He was a little low, but not worryingly so. He would need to be careful though and probably to increase the frequency of his tests to four times a day, just in case.
“No.”
But, it fucking ruined him, I know that now.” Sam’s voice breaks off, lost in a misery of old recollections. Cas takes pity on him and changes the topic.
The only way to save Dean was to teach him that he could trust. That he could open up his body and his mind and allow himself to be guided down. That submission could feel good, could give him release and bring him joy. Dean would have to make the choice to follow Castiel down into submission.
“Fine. Just keep me apprised.”
“No problem. I’ll check with him myself.”
Dean groans and attempts to pull the blanket over his head to hide from the daylight streaming busily through the window.
Benny read the subtext immediately, “I can assure you that that is exactly what we want too. Everyone knows that we need a new direction and will follow your lead moving forward.” Castiel was pleased to see that his gaze was steady, and his voice sounded genuine.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Come here,” he practically growled, frustrated with the still moving body in his arms.
“Then let's do that!” Gabe saunters back to the office, false confidence ringing off him with every step.
In university, they’d explained why countering
She laughed quick and easily, which was nice. When Castiel had first arrived in Dean’s life she had been the first to condemn him, insisting that the university take back its threats to fire Dean unless he got help. They hadn’t backed down, Cas had stuck around and eventually she had grown to respect Castiel for his commitment to helping Dean, even if she didn't always understand his methods.
“Do you know how much I’ve wanted you too? I’ve not been able to have you...” his voice is deeper than usual, shaded in arousal. “Every morning, I would wake to your need. God! I wanted you so badly then and every night I would go to sleep knowing how much you wanted it.” he’s panting too, working himself so that Dean can see, his cock thick and ready.
He shakes his head, not meeting Cas’s eyes, ashamed.
He zipped the bag shut and shouldered it. No point worrying about the possibilities, better to deal with issues as they arise. Better to not think of everything that could go horribly wrong.
“He was picked up by social services and dumped in the foster system. He moved through a variety of foster homes and group homes, before eventually running off and becoming homeless.”
"First vaginal orgasm since," Cas looks over at the clock, "2pm. He'll need more, I'm going to keep going for another three at least before we give him a break."
Before Dean dressed, Castiel reattached the various biometric and monitoring devices he uses on him. Technology has come a long way in the last few years and Dean’s almost obsessive need to find the least intrusive and easily managed models means that they’re all wireless and can be accessed instantly from Castiel’s phone or computer at work. He slipped his hand between Dean’s legs feeling his passages for lubrication, not enough he decided and retrieved his spare bottle from the draw by the bed.
“Just a few more minutes,” Cas said as he meticulously toweled Dean dry, avoiding putting too much pressure on his stomach.
Dean can feel the first orgasm hit, like a soundwave at a concert, heavy beats pulsing through his bones and joints. He shakes with it, joyful and overwhelmed, clenching against Castiel's clever fingers. Panting, he rests forehead on Cas's shoulder, oversensitive to the fingers still moving between his legs and the device's still pushing up, filling up his insides.
“Elbows and knees. You can keep the blanket over the top half but I need rear access.” Dean bites back a huff but complies, theatrically flipping the back half of the blanket up over himself and over his head, hiding himself in a cocoon of darkness. Cas huffs out another laugh but doesn’t comment, instead easing his knees so they shifted wide apart, his enclosed dick hanging down between his legs. Cas had placed something down on the table between them, probably a specimen container.
“Go shower,” Gabe gestures to the second showerhead mounted at the other side of the shower stall, “I got this.”
“Sure thing Boss,” she saluted exaggeratedly and flipped back down her helmet, traipsing off back to the ladder and the frankly obscene amount of welding equipment.
“Are you sure? It’ll help you sleep.”
Dean can’t talk, not really, not yet. Cas was lucky to get that much out of him.
“Dr Harris was called away earlier today for an emergency medical consultation at our New York City Branch House, but she hopes to be back early tomorrow morning. She said to pass on her greetings and welcome to the House. In the meantime, she encouraged you to speak to Benny, Dean’s primary care-nurse. She said that she will schedule a time to meet with you as soon as she is back and that she looks forward to working together in the future” Charlie’s voice had turned bored and bland, he got the impression that Charlie was less than impressed with the good doctor.
“Okay, tuck your arms around your chest, just like we practiced,” Dean obeyed, gritting his teeth but otherwise staying silent.
Cas does go, the two steps needed to reach the other side, drawing a sad quiet whine out of Dean.
Dean is panting, his chest rising and falling in the water but Cas waits him out, gentling him with reassurances, till his breathing returns to normal. Before starting up again, his own desire secondary to the need to care for the man in his arms.
But the knot was hurting so fucking much now, filling him to a point beyond much too much and still going further. Dean knew that it wouldn't ever actually harm him, the entire device designed to push but never actually damage him. But knowing that and feeling the thing grow, inches of pressure pushing outwards inside him, it wasn't fair and he didn't want this. He wanted Cas's knot, not this fucking piece of plastic and metal!
“Thank you,” Castiel clipped it to his belt.
Not today though, today Cas had started in almost immediately, sensing his desire to get on with it.Taking him first through the general part of the examination carefully but quickly, listening to his lungs and heart, taking his blood pressure and glucose levels etc. He’d only slowed down when he went to draw blood, sitting Dean down and taking his hand tenderly. Cas didn’t like to see him bleed, even if it was just for testing, it disgusted him, but he did it anyway, always the obsessive collecting of data and testing for everything. Dean would tease him about it except he understood how much it meant to Castiel.
“Yeah,” Dean replies, caught up, but tries not to forget how much he wants this.
Dean dressed quickly and they made their way out into the kitchen. Cas grabbed one of the feeding bags for Dean from the fridge, he’d brought a dozen or so from the hospital yesterday but would need to remember to get more. His feeding schedule for Dean was six bags a day and it really was just easier to use the prepackaged ones.
Dean didn’t wait for Castiel’s assistance, instead barreling into the bathroom, obviously desperate for the release.
Reading that heartbreaking file on a man let down time and time again by those meant to love and protect him. Watching him slowly recover from years of abuse. Gabe had promised himself; this one would get the happy ending, this one would be okay. He’d made the call.
He sleeps. For hours he sleeps, peacefully, bonelessly. Better than Cas could have hoped, till daylight sneaks across the floor, intrusive and unwanted.
When Dean had first come to him Cas had used it often. Both as a comfortable restraint method for feedings and such (Dean had a tendency to pull out the NG tube early on) but also as a time-out tool, to give him time to process and reflect without falling apart. It seemed to work with Dean that when he was physically restrained it helped him keep himself together mentally, grounded him. Helped him pull together the pieces of himself and a reminder that Cas was there to help him, to take away some of the burdens, the painful choices he didn’t have to make himself anymore.
Dean was strapped in his frame exactly as Castiel had imagined. It was typically configured, with just enough room to allow him to breathe, but not enough room to move. He lay prone on his back within the cage, while straps crossed over from one side to the other across his body, holding him down into the metal frame. It was exquisitely crafted to fit his body exactly, allowing for almost movement, but permitting easy access for medical monitoring devices and the other necessary equipment which Castiel could see attached to Dean at various different points.
“It’s ok. You held it as long as you could," he rubbed as his abdomen comfortingly as the last of the liquid made it’s way into the bowl.
It feels amazing, his muscles begin to relax, the tension falling away as Cas lays another and another, the weight an added relief. He didn’t realize just how much he was fighting the restraints till he stops, lets go, soaks in the luxurious warmth.
“It is! You know I want this. I just..” Dean huffs, annoyed with himself, “It’s just hard to get going sometimes.” Cas kisses the back of his neck commiseratingly.
“Sleep Dean,” Castiel put every ounce of Alpha control he could into the command.
“You suffered no long term damage from the accident?”
Cas was already dozing off himself, the exhaustion winning out over protectiveness. Gabe smiled to himself, might as well get a couple of hours himself. It was going to be all hands on deck tomorrow, no more lazing around in the living room from now on.
Castiel tried not to swear out loud, but
“Yes,” of course Cas had, it was an ugly line, deep and sore looking still, circling right across from Dean’s lower leg till it reached up behind, almost up to his backside. He’d known it hurt Dean to think on so had never mentioned it, once he ascertained that it no longer caused Dean any pain or loss of mobility he had let it lie, let the past remain past.
“I just hope that with your help, that someone might be able to get through to him. I just hate that he’s still so incredibly isolated.”
John Winchester is a bastard. Cas and Dean face up to the past.
“Yeah, the doctors were appalled. And I completely agree with them. How on earth did a ‘pure submissive’ especially one with his history, to get to his age without someone giving him the test? How did everyone drop the ball this badly?”
I just remember waking up in the ambulance. The paramedic told me I was lucky I had been wearing a seatbelt or I would have been thrown from the car like my father. He told me that I was lucky to be alive.
“See you at one,” he called as he shut the door behind him.
“It wasn’t all bad. There were times when we were happy. I can remember him smiling, laughing at my stupid jokes, I remember good times too!” his voice like shattered glass, fragile, brittle.
Dean huffs and leans in for a kiss, which Cas helpfully provides.
“It’s yours.”
“Okay.” Cas shuffles the papers slightly, taking a breath, to ask the first question, “We know you first started exhibiting signs of increased stress about February of 2013. It says you had to leave a class due to a panic attack on the 14th but was able to convince your OSP welfare officer that you were fine. I assume this the approximate time that John returned?”
Apparently, they drove me to the OSP centre and dumped me at the front door. No plates so they couldn't do anything. I was unconscious the whole time and the drug was out of my system. I didn’t wake up again for 36 hours.” Dean sighs, sounding ashamed but honest.
But Dean wasn’t listening, throwing his bodyweight against Gabe in an effort to dislodge him and get the mask off. This was terrifying for him, the scent of what he mistook as a rival alpha overwhelming his mind, his will. A body tucked behind him, an alpha he didn't recognise. But Gabe held on tight, one hand around Dean’s torso and the other holding the mask tight against his face, upping the flow of gas even more.
Dean nodded, smiling. “I’m….” he takes a breath and carefully finds the words, “I’m proud of you.”
He gasped with each tiny thrust, hating the way his breath gave him away, the heaving of his chest as he fought to calm himself. He clenched his fists against his thighs. Hissing out a breath each time it eased upward, with each insistent push, again and again and again, relentlessly patient in a way no alpha could ever stand to be. He couldn't help it, he was angry.
“Ok, deep breath.”
"Can I ask, where exactly do you think you went wrong?" Castiel enquires gently, knowing it’s a sensitive subject.
“You’re doing good, just two more.” Gabe reassured him, placing his free hand on Dean’s shoulder after sensing his unease.
Benny looked down a moment, studying his hands, "We think it's mainly an issue with sensory processing, since the first things to go were strong flavours and rough textures. But he's also started to develop food intolerances. "
Dean had inevitably spent many hours early-on in that chair looking out the window or listening to whatever music Cas put on the stereo. And while sometimes the chair was used for disciplinary purposes, it wasn’t meant to be a punishment, more a place to reflect on himself and sort out his mind. Cas always tried to make Dean’s time there as comfortable and pleasant as possible. There were even times when Dean had simply lowered himself down onto it tensely and hoped Cas could figure out the rest, which he invariably did.
“So 10, maybe 11 years on them? Consistently?” Cas asks jotting down the answer. He knew it had been a long time, but Dean hadn’t said just how long, the reality horrifying him.
“Not like I’d get to join in anyway even if we did,” Dean grouses, but laughs at himself after a moment, “maybe I can convince Cas to let me off easy this time. Sounds like it’s going to be a special occasion.”
Benny swiped his ID card on the panel beside a double set of doors and a sharp click could be heard as they unlocked. He shrugged apologetically, “We didn’t previously keep them locked, but one time Dean snuck out here at night and got into a surgical tools cabinet. He tried to cut out his GPS tracker with a scalpel. He didn’t manage it, but after that, Dr Harris decided it would be safer if we keep the doors locked.”
“How old was he when he started taking them?” his doctor voice calming, directing Sam back to rationality. Cas has a pen out and is correcting the notes in the file, the old habit long ingrained from his job, it’s easier if he rationalizes it as just another patient, just another messed up body to fix. His eyes flicking every few seconds to the screen on his tablet showing Dean’s steady, reassuring heartbeat.
Benny, was a larger man with friendly, intelligent features. He lifted his head and his expression spoke of an obvious friendly familiarity with her. He’d been reading something on his tablet, but as she entered, he smiled at her momentarily and walked over.
Not till Castiel with his warm hands and kind voice. Not till it felt so good.
“He gave you custody?” Cas asked.
“Hello,” the warmth of his smile infectious in its sincerity, “How is the work progressing?”
Castiel instead wrote –
Cas pulls up the heart rate app and show Sam a readout. “We recently did a 48 hour holter monitor heart test, the results were pleasing but further monitoring will be necessary to rule out….” Dean start to zone out, disinterested in the boring conversation, comfortable enough to let him mind wander. He should feel thankful, he reminds himself, that the only feeling he’s dealing with now is boredom, too many times before he’d sat in similar examination rooms and listened to himself being talked about, talked to, and all he could feel was misery at his own weakness and shame at needing this.
“No, I don't. And it'd be a lie to say I didn't care, because I do, so much. But whatever it is, that won't change how I feel about you,” He pulls in tighter to Dean willing his body to communicate what neither of them can vocalise, what Dean for so long couldn't hear. He is quiet for a long time, words hanging heavily in the air between them.
Soon enough they were settled in for the night and had retreated to their room to ready for bed, Cas led Dean away to their room and firmly shut the door.
“I see,” he said blandly.
“I’ll be off then. Here catch,” Charlie said as she tossed him a weirdly sleek looking phone “Just give me a call when you’re finished and I’ll show you around the rest of the grounds.”
“More than anything. I want to get this shit out there. Over with. I hate you not knowing...and what...what I did after...I feel so fucking guilty, and so fucking…..weak.”
“Yeah, thanks,” he’d settled some and was pliant enough for Cas to do a quick internal exam. He slipped his finger inside each passage and reassured himself that all was well before guiding Dean back up and into the shower stall.
Castiel slid in his first custom dilator. It wasn’t enlarged yet, it started as a moderately sized metallic object, fitted with a slightly flared base and slid easily into Dean’s welcoming passage. It wasn’t until Castiel pulled up the app on his phone that controlled the device that it’s real size was felt. It expanded, sensing automatically the edge of true discomfort and skirted it, frustratingly expanding gradually, hour after hour until come morning it would need to be to be disabled and reduced before removal. Due to Dean's years of suppressant abuse, he needed the dilation treatment, as much as he hated it, he also knew it was necessary.The dilators were designed to never become actually painful, but initially they unsettled Dean enough that the first few night of their use Castiel had needed to fit Dean with medical mitts to prevent him trying to remove them and cause himself harm.
“Slow sips,” Cas reminded him, “Till it’s done.”
“Yes, My Lord?” his secretary replied calmly as he walked over, taking a formal, but Neutral, pose just outside the door.
Dean’s bedroom was also fairly large and well lit, with a huge window on the side facing out into the garden. It was painted a sunny sort of light green, with darker green curtains, wooden floorboards, and a large cream coloured rug in the centre. It looked nice, like someone had tried very hard to make it feel nothing like a hospital room.
There were many gaps still, months and even years, where Dean seemed to fall off the public record, either going by an alias or more likely homeless and living off the grid somewhere. There was a wealth of information and yet somehow it all provided very little insight into who Dean actually was, it wasn’t enough. Castiel couldn’t help the feeling that there were pieces still missing from the puzzle, that the image he was creating just didn’t yet make sense.
"There you go," Cas's smiling now, he can hear it in his voice. He's obviously noting the change in Dean already, "that's right, it's meant to feel good like that. You're being so good, love, enjoying it." And Dean is, enjoying it, relishing the stretch and thrust, he pants with it, wanting more and deeper. He groans, grinding his inner lips down on the smooth surface of the machine desperate for more traction, more pressure. Cas takes the hint and slips his fingers between Dean's legs, pressing and massaging his Omega glands, pleasure growing, wave after wave.
“Sure thing.” Charlie turned back to Castiel, “Do you need anything before we go down to the clinic? Lunch?”
“Likewise. I trust you’ve found your apartment suitable?” Sam led him into his office and gestured for Castiel to sit down one one of the chairs across from the desk.
He set out a small glass and filled it with ice cubes and handed them to Dean to suck on. the ice helped his body accept the fullness in his stomach and soothes the irritation in his throat.
“Yeah, I know he did,” he says it plainly, like he’s reciting a learned verse or pledge, not like he believes it, not fully, “He was still my father. I owed him.”
Cas leant over and caught his mouth in a bruising kiss, not letting up till Dean was gasping for air.
“That’s wonderful to hear,” the pride evident in his voice,
The doctor had checked the test results twice, not quite believing what it said, before phoning his parents and telling them to immediately take him to the hospital. The doctor had met them there, face grey with shock and despair, “This never happens,” he’d explained, “it’s so rare as to be almost impossible, no one could have known!”.  But by then Castiel was already too far gone, and they couldn’t get him stabilised quickly enough. That night he started seizing while trying to walk to the bathroom.
“Ok, you can do the first five and then I’ll swap passages. Sound ok?” Gabe’s voice is gentle but strained.
“Almost there, just a little bit more,” Gabe worked the base slightly to make sure it was situated just right, tight against the muscle.
“I know.” And it’s enough.
“Just relax, and remember to swallow as it goes down,”
Gabe blackened out the room before he left, hoping for a few hours of rest for himself as well.
They'd asked him twice already if he needed the medication again or would accept something to help him drop into subspace, but he'd refused. Though he knew it would turn this needy agony into mindless lust and pleasure. It would make all this so much easier, but it also sent him away from reality, it would turn his Cas in his mind into some faceless Alpha and he didn't want that.
Cas reappears,the device resting in his hand. It’s made of plastic and metal. Dean eyes it a little warily, it looks different now that it’s about to be put on him.
He found Dean resting in the living room when he got home but he immediately got up and greeted him at the door.
wrong, wrong, wrong
He was so relieved when he arrived and saw that it was only a panic attack which hadn't triggered any of the OSS syndrome warning signs. Dean was extremely high-risk and back when he was in the care of the OSP he had previously endured several treatment rounds on the medication Senstinax to prevent him from developing the devastating disorder. Cas knew that eventually, additional preventative treatments would need to be administered, but Dean had responded so negatively to them in the past that Cas knew he just wasn't ready.
Gabe couldn't help but grimace in sympathy for how utterly shattered that quiet happiness would be, soon enough. He pulled his eyes away, better to give them what little privacy he could. He turned back to his book, flicking it open at the first page, but listening intently for the alarm.
“Uhh! fine!” Dean practically rolls himself out of the bed and shuffles over to the toilet, radiating sleepiness. Thankfully Cas had already disconnected his night feeder or he probably would have ended up pulling it right out. And wouldn’t that have been fun, he thought to himself annoyed at his own forgetfulness, he never would have heard that last of it.
“Yeah, they sent someone who knew all about us and interviewed me and Dean separately. I thought they were going to take him away.”
“And you?” Sam’s voice is tentative, like he fears the answer.
“You gonna need a little more help today?” he asks, already knowing the answer.
A choice.
Dean sighs, and nods, yeah he knows, “Let’s just get this over with.”
He had Dean release into the toilet while he got dressed.
“Get out of here. If I see you again, I’m calling campus security.”
Cas made the call. He didn’t want to, but he desperately needed to know, they had to face this and Sam was really the only one who would be able to tell him the whole truth, what he knew of it anyway. Thought he knew Dean wanted desperately to tell him everything, had even tried to in the past, he just wasn't capable of seeing it for what is was, not yet at least. For him it was too distorted by suffering, too clouded by his innate desire to please and obey his father.
John was exceptionally protective of his submissive son, particularly concerning his medical care and treatment. It had taken Gabe months of gentle pushing to convince him to even consider the possibility, let alone to persuade him to seek the Council’s permission. But knowing how desperate things had become, Gabe had already secretly received permission on his behalf. As a Council member himself, Gabriel had the right to petition on behalf of a House or another member, or in this case both. Although it was an extraordinary request, the Council had agreed that in this unusual circumstance, it was the only way. It also helped that within the Harbour Society, Dean Winchester was both incredibly famous and basically universally adored.
Dean rouses, pulling his arms against the unrelenting straps. Cas eases off the blindfold and the mask, gently kissing his cheek where the edges had pressed deep lines into the tender skin.
Sometimes he leaves Dean like that for a while, up on the table while he gets ready for whatever he’s planning to do. Pulling instruments out of the sterilizer and fussing with the temperature of the room. Sometimes he’ll just strap Dean in and sit with him a while, talking to him about nothing important, holding his hand and waiting him out, letting him decide when he’s ready. Sometimes it’s longer, sometimes it’s less but it’s always like he’s waiting for some invisible signal, some sign, letting Dean work through it while the minutes tick by unhurriedly.
“FYI, if you ever get your hands on my Skittles, they’ll be having to search for your body.”
you going to ask me to leave?”
In the distance, he can see Sam and Garth begin to return to camp, lazily acknowledging Dean’s intentions to take over the watch for now. Paying them no mind, he begins to weave amongst the still-sleeping or simply bleary cattle, eyes scanning the ground with carefully controlled precision.
Castiel’s inhale shook.
Dropping his hand, Dean reaches around himself to place his hat back on his head, accepting Cas’s hand to help himself to his feet. Dean leans in to peck Cas’s lips in thanks, and then he’s staring out at the dawn once again, watching how the morning light paints the sky.
Dean shrugs. “Guess we’ll just haveta wait and see.”
“Yeah. Your debts. First time you picked me up outta the dumps, ya said that you had your own debts to pay. What are they?”
Click,
” he says. Laughing in disbelief, he runs a hand back through his hair. “You
“Well, unless you have a Moscow plane ticket for tonight—” Dean finally says, and Benny throws a pillow at him.
With the sun finally beginning to set, there were plenty of shadows for Castiel to hide, and the desert air was cooling rapidly. Castiel let himself linger for a few more minutes, checking that his hair was tucked under his hat, that his sheriff’s badge was hidden in his vest pocket, that his shirt was smoothed down. Exhaling, he hardened his expression and pushed his way into the saloon.
Just this once, before he lets himself accept reality, he’ll let himself be selfish.
With a sigh, he pulls himself away, letting his fingertips linger on the memory of where the scar on Castiel’s cheek had been as he gets to his feet and leaves the room.
“I wonder who wrote this,” Sam murmurs, “because there is some truth to the legend, but it makes me wonder how they lived to tell the tale.”
One of the millions upon billions of strange and wondrous things about space is that it is timeless.
Dean finds out—later, when he bumps into him again—that Cas apparently has a history with Crowley. Meg, too, since Cas tells him that she’s always pushing his buttons out of mere amusement to rile him up.
Also, fun fact! There actually
Dean, petty and childish as he is, pokes at her. “
Cas looks even more baffled—if that’s even possible, with his stoic manner—but remains in his spot.
“You know those exchanges were being recorded,” Cas observes, as if Dean doesn’t know the ship inside and out. “Is this how you’re willing to be remembered?”
He considers the proposal for a moment. “... A journal.”
“And he’s not even with NASA! He’s one of Roscosmos’!”
“N-No! Not at all!” Cas gives him a skeptical look, and Dean shakes his head and exhales. “You can check my temperature if you’d like, but I should be clean.”
Castiel had thought to himself in that moment.
A strange feeling coiled in Castiel’s gut, heated and wound like a rattlesnake tensed to strike. If the stranger was more dangerous than anything Castiel had ever seen, would he be forced to pray for forgiveness at the lengths he’d have to take?
The golden engravings of the flames from the sun catch the light of the kerosene lamp, making the metal glint as Dean tilts it from side to side. He rubs his thumb against the lid, feeling the familiar grooves of each eclipsing sun. It’s strange, now, holding the object that very nearly killed both him and Cas… then again, it did more for Dean than he could ever hope. The warmth that seeps into Dean’s palm is diminished too, as if the watch is dormant now.
Keeping that fist tightly closed, Dean brings it to his chest and holds it close to his heart.
do?” Sam puffs out a small laugh while Dean leans his head back, gazing blearily up at the constellations spread out before them.
While sleeping in microgravity is definitely an experience like nothing else, Dean is tired and the sleeping bag is warm and soft, so it doesn’t take him too long to fall unconscious.
Out of habit, his gaze falls upon Cas, who’s sprawled out on his stomach, just as overheated as everyone else.
’ is supposed to be you.”
to Dean. Dean looks away, doing his damndest to think of something else, please, god,
With Garth probably losing it back down on Earth, Dean lets the intercom go, distracted as Cas floats back to his side with a book.
With a touch of overdramatics, Dean groans, stretching out across the bed and over Benny’s good leg. “Garth said I should take him out for a drink,” he mumbles despairingly. Benny laughs hard enough to jolt his bad leg and wince sharply from the pain.
“... What?” Dean cautions, already regretting asking.
Dean shrugs, pretending like it’s no big deal. “Hey, listen: I get it. Stolen food sucks. I grew up with a younger brother that got his height from somewhere.” The tiny smile that he gets out of Cas makes Dean swell with pride, like he’s
The metal of Charlie’s spoon clinks against the edge of her bowl: she’s decided to go back to eating. Sam, also eager for the alteration in conversation, asks Charlie about any other mythical songs she might happen to know. Dean remains silent for the time being, already deciding that it’s a good time to reach for his flask of firewater.
he barks out of reflex but stops when he sees the look that both his friend and brother are giving him out of the corner of his eye. “I don’t know,” he admits, refusing to look at either of them. “He saved me from the bone yard
“What about it?”
Smart move on her part, because while Dean wants to ask what she meant and deny whatever she’s thinking, he also doesn’t want to bring it up again, and from the way the smirk has yet to leave Charlie’s face as they organize the fresh vegetables in the fridge, Dean wonders if that was all on purpose.
“You enjoy photography?”
5.  Presleep Activities at 19:30.
“Alright, pony up,” Dean says, and is honestly surprised at how easily the other digs into his coat pocket for a wad of cash.
Dean’s footsteps picked up again, the familiar press of his boot approaching Castiel with caution.
, winkwinknudgenugde.
. Lazily—and to ignore the lingering pain—Dean drinks in his surroundings: he’s in a decent double bed, in what looks to be some sort of dorm or hotel room. There are flashes of scenes he remembers of being in the chuckwagon, so being somewhere so… civilized is a little jarring.
“Didya hear the Desert Angel was peepin’ around our grounds last night?”
“That’s a noble act. I bet your brother would approve.”
It’s a more lethargic evening that Dean spends at the kitchen table, watching as Mary bustles around the room humming. They had just finished washing and drying the dishes, and there’s one of her famous apple pies in the oven, filling the entire cabin with its aroma. Dean feels warmer than he has in a long time, listening to the slow melody she sings as she reveals the perfectly golden pie and leaves it out to cool.
Resolve shattered, Dean walks away, heading outside (anywhere but here) with his footsteps creaking behind him.
Extracting his handkerchief, he wiped it across his forehead, but all the action did was allow the condensation to collect in the hair by his ear and run down his jaw.
Dean is fixated on the window, staring at the brilliant, robin’s egg blue of the oxygen-rich sky. Everything in his body feels compressed from the intense force of gravity, like he’s being pressed into his seat and dragged back to Earth, like his ribs are trying to squeeze the life out of him… but he’s breathless as it is.
,” Sam murmurs, grabbing his sleeve. Dean yanks himself out of his brother’s grasp before he thinks better of it.
Though the answer doesn’t seem to clear anything up for Cas, he lets her borrow the medical instrument.
He must have seen something: there was a flash of white as his lips curled into a grin.
There was movement in his peripheral vision, and Castiel froze where he was, finger holding the page in his bible open.
Castiel frowned, raising an eyebrow.
Sighing, Sam settles into his spot, leaning against the boulder behind his back and staring out at the campfire. “It’s not just me, you know: Gabriel’s been worried, too. He won’t admit it, of course,” Sam laughs to himself, “but with how he’s always fretting and complaining about Cas… If you bull-headed idiots would only
Sammy;
glad you’re okay,” Dean ends up babbling, words tumbling from his lips as it dawns on him that Cas is awake, he’s going to be alright. “You were out for so long, and I wanted to have faith in you—
Dean, who is hanging out in his sleep station, doesn’t take his eyes off the report he’s working on. “Yeah, what’s up?”
Castiel was always thorough with his worship, carefully dragging his fingertips against Dean’s skin with the lightest of touches. Part of him didn’t want to ruin the masterpiece, barely grazing his teeth against Dean’s neck, but another part of him wanted to leave his mark, sign his name like Dean had earlier on his very own chest. Dean’s head fell back against Castiel, pushing back into the other’s touch.
“Yeah, Charlie… I think Dean’s more interested in hearing about Jo than the Bandit,” Sam cuts in, effectively shutting up his brother. Dean glares at him, but bites back anything that would only dig his grave deeper.
have caught Cas glancing away.
Shoulders slumping in defeat, Dean nods.
Dean’s heart stops.
“Dean, can you go and bring this over to Cas?” she asks after they’ve had a taste of the product, handing him a plate with a steaming slice on it. “I’ll save you a piece for when you get back,” she winks.
A lot has changed over the past few years. While John still works on rifle manufacturing and Mary and Bobby still do some work with the horses and the cattle, both Charlie and Jo have taken over a good portion of the ranch with plenty of help from Benny, who has also become an official member of the family. Gabriel and Sam, however, moved to the city not long after, when Sam finally expressed an interest in getting some schooling; Sammy is well on his way to studying law now, and while the ranch isn’t quite the same with them gone, they visit at every opportunity, and Dean and Cas will often stop by the university if passing through town.
“Oh, okay. Yeah, sure.” If she’s not imagining it, Charlie swears that Dean’s shoulders fall a little in disappointment.
“I… Thank you, Dean,” Cas murmurs.
Luckily, it’s a Sunday, which means it’s the scheduled full day off and they have the flexibility to sleep in. They still have to do their daily checks around the station to make sure that nothing is malfunctioning or in danger of wearing out, but that will only be
This time, when Cas doesn’t reply, Dean has an inkling that it’s because he doesn’t have an answer either. Dean sighs, not willing to dwell on the issue.
Dean was correct in stating that he was experienced, that he knew exactly how to pull Castiel apart: at first, he’d test the waters, kissing up and down the length and running the tip of his tongue where it was the most sensitive. When he was first swallowed down, felt the tip brush against the back of Dean’s throat and
Well, he knew one thing.
A devilish smile danced across his face, and something squeezed, something warm and coiling twisted up inside Castiel.
And in all of his muddled, hungover, half-asleep glory, the old stranger greeted Castiel with a lazy grin.
“Hm? No, I’m not busy.” Dean straightens and pushes himself away from the aquarium and toward Charlie. “Whaddya need?”
“Dean… Winchester?”
Dean had a hard time convincing his family to let him go, but they conceded in the end. Bobby, of course, was adamant about Dean staying and recovering, but there was no way Dean was going to sit at home while everyone else went cowpunching, so he got away with it anyway and only got called a “thick-headed idjit” a few dozen times. Sam still seems skeptical, but Dean doesn’t even bother reassuring him anymore.
Dean’s heart thuds in his chest, and he glances at Cas from the side of his helmet, meeting his eye in mutual trepidation. Cas responds to mission control as Dean gives him an awkward thumbs up.
“And movie,” Charlie grins.
In the artificial light of the cabin, Cas looks…
“Dean.”
It’s this timelessness that keeps Dean suspended, keeps him fully engaged throughout the flight. There are technical duties to which he has to attend, of course, especially considering it’s
“Raise two,” he finally decides, smoke lazily swirling from his mouth as he pushes in his own chips. His eyes flicker to Dean.
. He never shoulda been out here in the first place.”
“Would you like me to call for him?” Gabriel asks softly.
hehe... fun reminder that this chapter also had
Men tell stories, but being out in the desert with only the cattle and the cowhands for company, there’s only so much that can be explained. He clears his throat and tries again. “These are just tales; they keep every corned bastard entertained.”
Charlie raises an eyebrow at him. “I’ll appreciate a casual interest, but… what good’ll
Dean pulled away with Castiel’s lip between his teeth, reopening his eyes when he let go. They stood there for a while, content with drinking the other in: Dean’s expression was somewhat dazed—hazier yet with the alcohol—but he looked more… pliant. As if Castiel could do what he’d like with him and Dean would let him.
Dean stares at the ground, struggling to wrap his head around everything he’s been told. Hell, he really
. He’s so caught off-guard that he can’t reciprocate at first, but then his hands relax to grab at Cas’s arms and he tilts his head so their lips can slot together with ease.
The rain begins just as the light from the moon is beginning to wane. Dean hopes that it will be enough to wake the cowhands, but with how far into the drive they’ve come, he knows that exhaustion can let them sleep through most. He chirks Impala to a canter.
With the railroad camp about a day’s easy ride away, Dean is really starting to believe that Stiler isn’t all just talk when he claims that the railroad will reach Dodge City by fall — hell, he’d even estimate that it’ll get there before October.
Opening his mouth and then pressing his lips together once the point processes, Sam simpers, mockingly apologetic. “Dean… I already told you I don’t have anything else on the Bandit.”
Dean shrugs, grin no less bright. “It’s definitely something memorable, though, wouldn’t you agree?”
4.  Second Exercise Period and Return to Work at 14:05.
“Jerk,” Sam scoffs, closing the passenger door behind him.
saving is not memorable enough for you?” He revels in the uncontained smile his act gains him.
“He said he and Mom used to hunt them too, isn’t that enough?” Dean says. “And anyways, if demons exist, doesn’t it make more sense that ghosts exist too? If I hadn’t seen those black-eyed bad eggs, I would’ve believed in ghosts over demons any day.”
thank anybody?” Sam says, at the same time Charlie smugly goes: “What kind of ‘
do if you lost someone like that?”
There was nothing that seemed out of the ordinary: Castiel went through the motions of preparing for the day without the need for thought, eased with the repetitive movement of papers between his hands. The obnoxious snoring from the holding cell meant that the town drunk had been detained again at some point during the night, which only blended into the usual ambience of the morning.
“’Fraid not,” Henrikson finally replies, backed up by nods from the others. Dean’s throat feels like it’s closing up.
jokes about riding earlier,
Dean barks out a laugh before he can control himself, and his opponent raises an eyebrow at him. Nodding in acknowledgement, Dean reveals his own hand.
Dean barks out, but it’s already too late, with Charlie laughing loudly and leaning against his shoulder. He hits his brother over the head, but Sam only laughs harder. “
of this data is being recorded and sent back to both NASA
— he only hopes that Cas didn’t notice how Dean lingered in that touch, entranced by the way those soft curls of hair felt between his fingers.
Dean first notices it in a meeting with the flight team: Castiel stood up to introduce himself and his role in the project before sitting back down to let Henrikson commence with the agenda. While he was speaking, Dean barely processed what the man was saying, too distracted by the sound of his voice. Since that point, Dean thinks it throws a spanner into the works, as he gains a mild curiosity at merely being able to hear Castiel speak again.
have to interact.
By that logic, Dean will probably need to take a few bites before he passes out again, but he honestly doesn’t feel like eating much at all. Nevertheless, he’s immensely grateful, and digs through his memory to gesture his appreciation (Pay-ati is valued in their little cowboy family for many things, one of which is his fluency in Plains Sign Language — on occasion, Dean has asked to be taught, but he hadn’t kept up with the language nearly as much as he wanted to).
As terrible as he feels, it’s nice to be up and about again. Dean circles the perimeter of the room, hand pushing against the wall to keep himself upright, and makes his way to the door. The hinges creak as it opens, and Dean winces at the sound, but Sam and Charlie don’t wake, so he lets himself out into the unfamiliar hallway.
stellar, thank you very much.”
Cas bites his lip, and Dean is drawn to the movement. “... What’s your point?”
Dean bites his lip, tamping down his smile. “
In his daze, a whirlwind of memories picks up in Dean’s head, and he tries to sit up again when he sees the image of Cas lying half-dead in his arms, frantically glancing around the room for any sign of his presence.
“It… won’t help,” he decided. His jaw clenched once the words spilled from his mouth, and Dean’s eyes flickered with amusement.
Dean rolls his eyes. “I swear, that cat likes you better than me.”
Castiel didn’t reply.
Castiel thought about how he had craved for the moment he’d face the stranger at last, see him from up close. Never before had he felt even a remote interest in relations such as these, but here,
Sam looks tired, more than anything. “
you want to see my room?”
As soon as he’s close enough, Mary scoots out of the way, and Dean’s sitting on the bedside beside Cas’s legs, suddenly pulled in as Cas takes hold of his shirt with an iron grip that has his knuckles turning white.
Cas twists under her hold, crazed eyes darting through the slit between his eyelids. “
“I’m not the most welcome company,” he told the stranger, and the stranger only grinned wider.
“I think it would be best if you didn’t.”
Where… Where’re ya gonna go?”
Castiel’s intentions? His nerves were alight with the firewater, drowning out any thoughts he had prior until they were faded and distant. And he wasn’t
“Since when do
Dean laughs. “That might be an understatement.”
Most of the time, Dean ends up visiting Impala and Bee at the livery at which they’re staying. Impala is overjoyed to see her master and almost topples him over in her excitement, and Dean is more than content to spend hours tending to their coats and hooves. Bee at least recognizes Dean, and perhaps it’s the scent of Cas on his clothes, but the Arabian—shy as he is—ends up gently nuzzling against Dean as he tediously brushes out his mane.
A bubble of fondness floats in his chest, and Dean has to repress his smile. “Well, I was gonna say you could break into my Nutella, but I don’t know if that’ll fix the same craving.”
Shaky fingers weave through his hair, pushing it back, and then Dean’s breath is stolen again; this time, he melts into the warm embrace, letting Cas’s motion spin them like a binary system meeting in the middle to create a supernova.
White Bandit. He danced through flames, around taunting demons, taming the fire itself to bow to his command. Dean thinks of those times in flight where the wind would part for them, soaring over land in the blink of an eye as Cas’s strong wings lifted them. He thinks of how they felt under his touch, the feeling of their souls intertwining, embracing to a depth Dean had never felt before and would never feel again. He thinks of the glow behind Cas’s eyes, so filled with not only power but of warmth and
His face was so close, staring back at Castiel’s eyes with an unreadable expression, that Castiel couldn’t help how he froze once again, hardly daring to breathe.
Though the summer was finally waning and the nights—ever so slightly—grew longer, Castiel always found himself in his office far earlier than anyone should.
you—”
, now. It isn’t much more than Stiler’s sod house (which Dean—as the standing auger of the drive—made sure to steer clear of; part of the reason their encounters with Stiler are—though brief—friendly is because they make sure their herd doesn’t impose on Stiler’s ranch) and a bar tent, but apparently it’s official. Stiler had even boasted over drink that the railroad would be there too come fall — the fundamental heart of an upcoming and successful cattle town. Dean had taken note to inform Bobby once they got back to their own ranch.
In his panic, Dean tosses his phone onto his passenger seat and leaves it there, cursing out Houston traffic as he navigates his way to where his brother is abandoned. When he gets there, Sam—lingering by that damn Prius of his at the side of the road in a full suit and everything—gets into the Impala with a sheepish and kinda dopey smile on his face.
Though he’s stopped fighting, Dean’s stare lingers at the door, longing to go see for himself that Cas is still breathing, still okay. Pay-ati doesn’t say anything else about it, but then again, he’s usually very concise, and his stoic expression eases Dean to back down.
In all honesty, if Castiel had foregone this barrier Dean had placed between them, reached through and pulled Dean back, Dean would go to him; Dean almost
“Who do you thin the ‘
The main difference, of course, is the presence of Gabe and Cas… and Mary, too. Gabe spends most of his time with Sam, and then Charlie and Jo tend to pair off—and Dean can’t blame them, being new couples and all—but Dean ends up finding himself alone a bit more than he had been on the ranch. As for Cas, he remains in the cowhand lodgings healing, occasionally sitting and reading on the main cabin porch for some fresh air. Dean ends up bonding more with his mother, determined to re-familiarize himself with her by helping around the house, cooking and cleaning and doing the laundry.
Dean splutters. “I- No, we-
—but didn’t anyone tell you I couldn’t leave your bedside the moment I woke up?”
Dean almost wants to laugh at the irony, having recalled some of Pay-ati’s background now that he’s got little else to do: Pay-ati’s name means ‘
“So you’re gonna ghost him instead?”
“You’ve been…
knows she knows…  which means she’s getting him to self-reflect. In response, Dean boxes in the tightening of his chest, playing with his sleeve to distract himself.
Cas goggles at him. “You brought Gabriel
What about this entire
Setting his glass back down onto the bar top, Castiel turned to the face of the stranger only inches away: hat on his head, one elbow against the bar, and shielding Castiel from the rest of the room. Castiel stoically regarded him, drinking in the sound of his voice from such close proximity.
“Oh,” Cas sighs, and then,
“Mm, no, nohow.” Dean chuckles to himself, looking meekly at his hands. “Actually in town for an errand, but I thought I’d get somethin’ fine as cream gravy for my brother.”
Benny is talking, but Dean barely understands what he’s saying, nodding absently as if in agreement. At some point, he had wandered to sit back on his sofa, moulding himself to the cushions while listening to Benny. Dean absently wonders why Benny doesn’t seem more distraught over the situation, or if that’s merely an effect of the pain medication.
The kid, to be fair, also looks weary about their predicament, staring down at the short straw in his hand with thinly veiled dismay.
“If it weren’t for this round, I would have thought I was getting it in the neck,” he comments, sounding thankfully more amused than anything. Ballast and cards out of the way, he attends to his long-since smouldering pipe, shaking the ash into a nearby spittoon and rummaging around his coat pocket for a pipe cleaner.
About a week after he first crawled to Cas’s room, he finds himself barred at the entrance, Sam standing in front of the door like a bodyguard. This time, Dean’s meager excuses of taking over nurse duty don’t fly.
he mutters, glancing at the time.
Benny says at last, and Dean groans.
The floorboards creaked as Dean stopped, shifting his weight.
supposed to know what
Dean grins lazily, filled with contentment. “I can’t believe you had a song written about you.”
Dean doesn’t respond, letting the words sink in. Padre Abascal is right, of course, but it’s not something he can accept so easily. He lets the hand by his face fall, arm hanging over the fence with the other so he can play with his hands.
Also, heads up for the minor character death, if you need to prepare yourself for that kind of thing.
He shrugs. “We’ll be busy — hell, he has to catch up before we do any exercises together. We still have until the launch.”
Dean doesn’t know where the flood of empathy comes from, but he’s almost overwhelmed with it, struck into silence. Some part of him wants to reach out and touch Cas, to hold him, to somehow reassure him that he’ll be alright, but he doesn’t know
are mentioned in this chapter; you can find the sung one on Youtube
At that, Dean freezes.
type, if you will.”
“You thought I just
“He’s got an MD/PhD in Medical Sciences—specializing in cardiology—and has another PhD in Biochemistry and… well, I wouldn’t be surprised if he’s working on another.” Dean’s transfixed on the steady cardiograph. “He’s got a few years on me, and he’s studying the effects of space travel on the cardiovascular system.”
With the light reflecting off the Earth hitting Cas’s face much like it did back during the launch, Dean can’t rip his gaze away, bold enough even to stare at his lips as he speaks. Breath catching in his chest, Dean forces himself to look out the window.
One of the first experiments he gets to tackle is Benny’s: he cleans and readies the aquarium before incubating and hatching the fish eggs, which takes less than a week in total. Cameras are set up at different angles of the tank, and Dean checks that they’re still running every time he returns to feed Goldy one through eleven (Charlie was the one to come up with their names). Benny’s objective is to have the fish grow and live in a microgravity environment to observe how they develop and how the variable changes their movement through fluid, and then to bring them back down to Earth and observe how their behaviour and wellbeing change. His experiment is fascinating, but Dean becomes transfixed on the other living beings in the space station themselves, finding himself coming to watch them glide even in his free time.
Dean says. “Unless New Mexico was a business trip away from Kansas, I don’t think that’s right.”
—called, got a flat and had an important meeting with a client—
“Don’t take songs too literally, Dean,” Sam criticizes. “It probably refers to the entire desert.”
even with the Bandit leaving him in the dust like that, he’s
Also going to throw out a general warning that Alastair is... not so great of a person, haha. He really pushes some limits, so just a heads up.
Dean glares at his coworker: even mission control was present to replan, apparently.
“No, I’m
And then, he was gone, twisted away from Castiel’s grasp with a wink as he made his way to his bags. At first, Castiel stood still, trying to process that the warmth he’d been seeking had pulled away like the tide; then, he understood when Dean made his way to the bed with a jar of petroleum jelly, gradually shucking off his garments as he continued to watch.
A couple of months—
if you do not have Spotify).
. How am
By the time Castiel is well enough to get out of bed and take short visits outside for some fresh air, all the shoot packs up the chuckwagon and sets out on the Santa Fe trail for the journey home. They thank Padre Abascal and the school profusely, bid their farewells to Missouri, and head off.
“I’m not hungry right now,” Cas replies coolly without looking up from his novel. The page he flips is deafening in the silence between them.
Dean’s grin widened. “Only an idiot would leave their real name in writing like that, you know that just as well as I.” He dropped his hand, and Castiel already found himself missing his touch. “This is my real name.”
From the counter, Dean’s phone lights up. Reaching over with the hand that doesn’t have a spatula in it, Dean props the device up and unlocks it, peering at the caller ID. He eases when he recognizes the name, accepting the Facetime call before going back to his stir fry.
“We are not very… compatible together,” Cas admits when Dean finds him by chance in the Cupola. “Because the decision to send me up to this station was late in the process, there wasn’t an opportunity to assign me a more ideal crew.”
“Garth’s getting better,” he exclaims with a mouthful of beans and bacon. Sam snorts without taking his eyes off his literature. Dean rips away some crust from his roll with his teeth. “What’s tonight’s big baddie?”
While Azazel’s rooms were certainly overpriced for what guests received, it was the standard fee he charged every normal passing stranger, which meant there were no bribes involved. (Most of the time, if there
Though Castiel was left with two moves to prevent the game from ending right then and there, he stared at the board, feeling the tips of his fingers beginning to warm as he tried to process exactly what Dean had said.
