John nodded. He knew too well too, how adults, who should have taken responsibility, did choose to close their eyes and pretend that nothing serious had happened.
John had looked a bit angry as he had said, “Not all high ranking officers were like that! Major Sholto...”
Then he took a deep breath and looked at Mary, “I can tell you, because you can keep a secret. And somehow it would be nice to know that someone knows why I shot Mycroft......and Culverton..”
John had thought about gagging Sherlock sometimes. Maybe with something like a bit. They had seen things like that on the net and in the club. But he refrained from doing it. He liked the sound of Sherlock’s deep baritone voice too much!
The two men sat in silence just holding hands and John thought about how surprisingly all right it had felt having Mycroft as a spectator to his and Sherlock’s bodily actions:
ruled Russia and didn't want to cooperate. Later he threatened to start a war if the Chinese wouldn't join him. He wanted more resources.
A few hours later John returned to the hospital. Bringing some papers with him. Computer out-prints. And facsimiles of old journals from the governmental Baskerville Facility.
Mycroft looked her directly in her eyes and said solemnly, “I think that I'll have to work harder to earn that privilege again?”
Sherlock looked at John and decided that the time for “Elephants” had ended...if their relationship should stand a chance: “Well...there are....certain clubs here in London....that even Mycroft do not know anything about. I’m a member of two....depending on my needs. In one of them they only know the dominant and sadistic me and in the other one only the submissive and masochistic me. In 9 out of ten times...or even more...I visit the second club. Not so much after I returned after .....Serbia.... and....”
The rest of Sherlock's body was just so...perfect...as he was standing there. Arms crossed. A bit lost in his own thoughts, apparently. From that nape-curl, over those broad shoulders, over the curve of his back, that showed his strength and down to that plush arse, that the fine wool of the kilt couldn't hide. An arse that could drive John mad with lust.....and John realised now that he was now totally erect under his kilt. It tented over his cock and the fine woollen fabric felt amazing against his exposed cock-head. The only thing that prevented the kilt from sliding apart in the front and show his erection, was the extra fabric and John would only have to move a bit before that fabric wouldn't be enough.
And then John just stopped for a moment, in order not to come on the spot. And then Sherlock begged, “Continue, John. Hard. I need you. I need to be filled with your big fat gorgeous cock.”
“Oh...” said John: “So when Sherlock needed a flatmate...it wasn’t a lie.....and the need for me to get a job to earn money, when we hadn’t cases enough...it was necessary too?”
I found this old book, and decided to write a diary. Maybe someone is going to read it out in the future. I hope it is going to be us: Homo Sapiens Sapiens. If not...then don't bother reading!
And Sherlock continued, “If you have finished your self-flagellation John, I have a few remarks. You tend to paint things in either black or white. And now you have decided that I'm all 'white' and a saint and you are all 'black' and a sinner. But life isn't like that. I thought we had established that. You are not your father. You might have beaten me.....but it was when you were under extreme emotional stress. And at the first occasion, at the Landmark, you must have felt that I mocked your grief. It was me who failed....the social awkward idiot, who tried to use humour to make things lighter and failed miserably doing so.
Sherlock let go of John's hands and took John's face in his hands...and John remembered how he had done that during the case with the 'Blind Banker'...and if it hadn't been Sherlock, it could have been the beginning to a kiss. John removed Sherlock's hands...gently.....and said, “My hands are okay, not my face, thank you!”
Both John and Greg smiled...and Sherlock too. Of course they would help. And then John had to say, “I'm sorry, Mycroft. But the term 'it is practically harmless' and 'what could possibly go wrong' are sometimes famous last words. I have a gut-feeling about this. And it is Bulgaria after all. Not so far away from Serbia. What if?”
“She is still uncommunicative..but I have plans in the foreseeable future, together with psychologists, psychiatrists and behavioural therapists, to do ...something. It would involve John and Sherlock as well. And hopefully it will heal some of all the wounds that we all have. Mental wounds. But I can't say more about it for now...so: my parents. I've come to realise that they have been just as much victims of the 'Baskerville projects' as we have been. Sherlock, Eurus and I. Not everything that was done in the '30ties and '40ties and '50ties were recorded. And God knows what was done to those people, including my parents. So...I just accept and live with their flaws and failures. Accept that my mother scolds me unjustly.....and accept that Mrs. Hudson is more Sherlock's mother than Mummy would ever be able to be. You can't ask an elephant to walk the tightrope. You can't ask my mother to have deep feelings. My parents do their best. But it took me years to accept that....and Sherlock is still starving for especially Mummy's love, which she can't really give him....”
Mycroft looked at Sherlock, “And your reaction to my behaviour was to lash out and become so acerbic against me....”
Mycroft shook his head, “No...that was not planned. Neither was it planned that Sherlock would shoot himself. That he did that...well that became the breaking point regarding Eurus. When she saw that part of the recording, she finally realised that Sherlock was not Sherrinford. The first crack in that mental image was when Sherlock told Molly, that he loved her.”
They woke early, Mycroft as the first and he hissed a bit, as he went for the loo. In there he looked at his buttocks in the big mirror and reached behind his back to touch the welts. They were red an swollen, but already fading a bit. They would turn into bruises at a point, but not that bad.
“Stand still or it would be even worse for you” said a stern voice behind him. The other man, all dressed in black, took a step closer to Sherlock and produced a knife:“Stand still or the knife will cut you.....and it makes no difference to me!”
Ad then she put first one clamp on Mycroft's left nipple and then on his right. He closed his eyes and took some deep breaths...and whimpered a bit as she let the chain fall down on his stomach.
“Suivre le lapin”, said John as he repeated the last sentence in the film and it was so absurd that they fell into giggles.
John had tears of laughter in his eyes now and could barely talk: “Oh God, Sherlock....I....I just imagined which word would make us both stop immediately.....and it is so inappropriate!”
“And then your mother.....I could almost get the suspicion that it is she who rules the MI6, if I didn’t know better. She can make you and Sherlock dance by her tune sometimes!!!”
In the bathroom Mycroft obediently lied down on his back on the three white fluffy towels that Greg had placed on the floor and Greg prepared the enema. It was meant as a cleaning-procedure and not as a 'punishment', even if it was a effective method to ground Mycroft in his body, if he was on all fours and fighting the urge to let the water out again. Especially if the water was cold. It wasn't tonight, and it made it easier.
“Sherlock, brother mine.....”, and here Mycroft stopped overwhelmed with feelings and then he looked at Sherlock again, “I've been so wrong and I've caused you so much pain and for that I'm truly sorry. Not that it helps much but.....Sherlock. I do love you and there is not anything that I regret more than all the harm, I've caused you. And I can't ask you to forgive me, because I do not deserve that...And I've arranged for a hotel-suite for you, while your flat is being repaired...”
“This is normally the time where I would use restrains on my husband to keep him in place....but I'll avoid them with you. Just stay in place. Can I relay on your obedience, Mycroft?”
Sherlock said, “Well her real name was 'Melissa' after all, and in her new family there were too many 'Mollies'. That is why she changed her name.”
Rosie would be of at her day-care-family almost every day. They would be able to take her with short notice and if it was very urgent, Mrs Hudson would get up in the middle of the night and take care of her until one of the parents from the day-care-family would turn up to fetch Rosie. Sherlock and John were very picky about which cases they would take. 'Playing it safe' as John would say. That didn't mean that they weren't called to a crime scene with short notice, but it meant that the cases weren't as dangerous any more. Or at least 'appeared' not to be dangerous. But after 'Moriarty'/ Magnussen/ Mary were gone and Culverton behind bars and with Mycroft being very careful, other villains seemed almost tame. No semtex-vests strapped on innocent people. No flats blown to debris. No one blackmailed politicians into suicide. No suspicious deaths at hospitals. Just people being murdered for all the 'normal' reasons: jealousy, greed and pure evilness. But for the moment there were no mad serial killers and no megalomaniac media-magnates.....and no Mycroft to fuck everything up in his own way, because Mycroft kept a very low profile...at least in John's and Sherlock's life.
John felt a sudden urge to claim Sherlock, to show everybody that Sherlock belonged to him, and him alone! Sherlock shuddered and thought that yes, John should mark him. With a whip, with a cane, with his mouth… Anything!
“We can never totally stop such an organisation.”, said Mycroft, “Not one which has existed since the Renaissance. But we can 'clip their wings'. Just as Sherlock did to Magnussen's organisation. We can prevent them from being strong and efficient for a long time....and that might be enough to prevent the next war for many years.”
Sherlock smiled back and it didn't take Sherlock long to be on his hands and knees, “We better try to replicate that ancient treatment. For science, of course!”
All three Holmes-relatives looked at each other and then Mycroft asked, “How...why do you think one of us did that?!”
'. A story about a pirate-captain who was sure that two brothers, the Carridebs brothers, were planning to murder him. Through-out the book you had to find clues, that could point in one direction or another. And in the end it was the cook, who was a distant relative to the two brothers, who tried to murder the captain. And if you looked close enough, you could find all the clues from the first pages...if you were careful enough. Sherlock loved that book and kept on finding new details in the drawings.”
Sherlock frowned, “Decent!? With another man's finger up your arse? And what was in it for the men?”
She begun to have that odd feeling that everything was right and in order and that she had this perfect sub and he should just obey and accept what she did to him. That feeling was known as 'top-space' and it wasn't always that she would reach that.......The world narrowed down to her, the riding crop and that perfect sub in front of her, who grunted a bit at every blow. And courageously accepted the punishment, she decided for him to receive. Time stopped. The universe didn't exist. And as she continued cropping that obedient body in front of her, the tingling did build in her body and....she had an orgasm...
“Yeah...I did. Waiting for you I imagined myself as a soldier again. But now you are here it seemed more suitable to look like I was, when we first met.” And John was in his clothes from when they had their first case: his chequered button down, his pair of jeans and his oatmeal-coloured woollen jumper.
And thinking back John realized that Sherlock had tried in his own awkward way to “test the waters” and to find out if John was interested. But Sherlock’s own “I’m married to my work” on their first case and John’s own clinging to the label “not gay” had put a stop to everything before it had ever started. Neither of them being prepared to risk their friendship. And notice.... John had never said “totally heterosexual” either, because he had been with men. Mostly adrenalin-fuelled kissing and mutual wanking in a “thank-god-we-are-still-alive-and-kicking”-feeling” after near-death experiences in Afghanistan. And only at two occasions. Sholto had been one of them and another captain the other.
Writing this down I'm realising something. Maybe it wasn't my fault at all. Maybe the scientists had stashed Sherlock's and Mycroft's and Eurus' genetic material from when they had tempered with their genes way back in the 70's? And then it wasn't my fault that Sherlock was recreated as Khan Noonien Singh? Just....it might have been my fault after all......and knowing what that boy had to endure. I'm writing this now even if he is never going to read this: Please forgive me, Khan Noonien Singh, because if you are just a bit like my father inside as on the outside, you must have suffered immensely in the hands of those scientists. So please forgive me...and forgive us.
Sherlock had nearly finished telling about what had happened, but continued with the last part, “There in the darkness were just two people believing that every moment could be their last, John. Two people clinging to each other. Two people seeking a bit of comfort. And we ended up kissing. And the kissing got into something more heated. To make a long story short: we ended up having sex. It is not impossible for me to sustain an erection being with a woman, John.....and Irene was very skilled.”
And Sherlock continued, “I am a sexual creature, John. And since we have established that we are more than 'just friends' and have declared that we love each other, I would very much like you to join me in bed and make sure that we finally, finally!...could have sex with each other.”
John took a firm grip at Sherlock’s hands as he was about to take them away: “Now you listen to me, William Sherlock Scott Holmes and you listen very carefully! Being a masochist...or a sadist......being submissive or dominant.....it is most certainly not being a “freak”. It is the way your body...and mind....work! As I said, the framework for normality is rather loose-fitting. As long as it is between two adults.....and it is safe, sane and consensual...I see no problem!”
John was sitting with his mouth open, “That...that was brilliant. You made me shiver! You were that slimy officer through and through. Oh my. Maybe you should have chosen another career, both of you! Should have been actors. Oh my...”
When he came to his senses Sherlock was still on his knees in front of him and removed a bit of semen from the corner of his mouth with his tongue....oh God...that tongue and that mouth and Sherlock smirked: “Was it satisfying enough or......will I get punished?”...The last part said with so much hope in his voice that John began to laugh.
Sherlock used the time before John would return to make arrangements for the flat. Standing outside, with Rosie in her buggy and ready to go, John had pointed out that since they were going to live together....at that point Sherlock had just looked at him and John had said, “Do you think for just a fraction of a second that I would let you go now? I want to marry you, live together with you, raise Rosie together with you....and for God's sake not here, where a lot of things still are....infested with memories of that......that woman. I would prefer Baker Street any day.”
“You found it!” smiled John and lifted the kilt. He had feared that moths would have eaten it totally, but there were only a few tiny holes.
Hamish left school and began at University and Rosie left the school 2 years later to attend the same University. She was one of the youngest to attend ever. Only 16. Hamish wanted to study medicine and so did Rosie, but they studied two different areas. Hamish studied genetics, most of all how to cure defects in the genome and Rosie was more interested in fighting diseases directly with advanced medicine. And sometimes their areas would meet when investigations were made about how to strengthen the human immune system.
Before he opened the door, he looked at Sherlock and explained, “This is the secret. The reason why I wanted to make so much extra money. The Orangery will go on Mycroft’s account. He said it was his small ‘thank you’ for....to use his words... ‘exquisite favours’.....but this is paid by me. You might find it ridiculous, but please Sherlock...humour me in this. Promise....please!”
“I'm sorry...so, so sorry, Sherlock. For putting you through hell like that.....For believing that insane psychopathic woman for just a fraction of a second. For.....out of desperate loneliness and denial and anger and hurt to choose her over you. For believing that I loved her....”, John mumbled into Sherlock's curls.
Two days after John and Rosie had moved in with Sherlock at Baker Street, Mycroft had asked Greg to come to a meeting at the Diogenes' in on of the private rooms and Greg had of course asked how he was after the events. Greg knew of course now, that it had all been at set-up, but he had been told that Mycroft hadn't known at the time of the events happening and that Mycroft Holmes had been affected. Just like John and Sherlock. Yes even Molly, who had refused to tell Greg more.
Mary looked at John and settled for the truth, “Dying. He doesn't want to reveal the substance, he has taken. He think the world would be a better place without him. And he is confused and disoriented. No wonder when you think about what first Culverton did to him, and then what Sherrinford and Mycroft did.”
Prince William had looked at it and John had said: “It is just a souvenir.....a memorabilia from Afghanistan!”
“Well..” said Sherlock and smiled, “Then it is fine that you really not are a doctor from Victorian times. They were sometimes asked to perform 'treatments for hysteria' on ladies. That was 'giving them an orgasm'. For God's sake, couldn't they just have taught their husbands to give them a good sex-life?”
Mycroft and Sherlock walked a bit away from the others and talked for a few minutes and then they returned.
Afterwards Mycroft undressed and now Sherlock was the big spoon and they enjoyed a moment of peace and bliss.
“Is Mycroft's job to tell. I do not have all the data....and might have misunderstood something. You should call him, John, and make an appointment this afternoon. I'll fetch Rosie and make dinner and it will be ready when you return....”
Mycroft shook his head and said, “No...it was the last resort. And not a plan that I would have approved of. It was to risky. But Magnussen new about the first layer of our plans and had planned to gloat, as Sherlock would be so disappointed to find out that there were no vaults under Appledore. Sherlock had suspected the vaults to be either under Appledore, or under the office-building next to Magnussen's building in London City. He was supposed to send me a code, when he had confirmation of the vaults being under the office-building. As soon as he had sent the code, we did cut off the energy supply to the building, cut it off the internet-connections and 'jammed' the possibility of sending anything via blue-tooth. Actually...we jammed the whole centre of London...”
And he didn't even know what he begged for and then he felt how she stretched him even more as the butt-plug was pushed inside.....and now he understood the purpose of the twisting and turning top. It would massage his prostate. He opened his eyes and saw the moisture dripping out of him.....she was milking him!
“I see.”, said John, and then he paused and continued after a few seconds, “I see. So...I was right. You and Irene did....You had...”
But it was not only Sherlock's gorgeous body, that could impress John. It was the incredible mind under those beautiful curls and behind those laser-sharp eyes, that was now focused on John, too. Sherlock gave a little gasp and opened his mouth a bit so his front teeth became visible.....and then John could see a faint pink hue on Sherlock's cheeks and how Sherlock's eyes suddenly became darker, as his pupils dilated.
John wanted to do something to Sherlock that he had thought about since the first day they’d had sex. He had done it that time, but not since. Sherlock was ordered to undress and go to the bathroom and as John entered he almost lost his breath at the stunning sight of Sherlock on all fours, kneeling obediently on one of the quilted carpets they used for this purpose (and had dry cleaned regularly) and only wearing his collar. His wounds were healed by now and there were only faint remnants of his scars from Victor. Even those from Serbia were only white lines. John touched Sherlock almost reverently and kissed him gently at his neck above the collar as he whispered, “You are so beautiful… And you have no idea what I’m going to do to you… How I will mark you!”
Mycroft turned a bit, lying on his side, since she had finished applying the cream, “I feared something like: I would be naked, wearing a heavy butt-plug and with stripes from a whip on my buttocks and thighs and back. Wearing a 'humbler' and crawling on my hands and knees on a leash. And crawling in the corridors of Whitehall while everybody watched. And the worst part is that I would deserve every part of that punishment, because I betrayed your trust and had you humiliated so extensively.”
I had managed to get through the first two fences with my old access-card from Baskerville. There were some buildings behind a fence and some sports areas closest to the fence where I was standing. Some children were occupied in playing some sort of game. And there I saw him. Khan Noonien Singh. They were outside the houses and there were no adults near them. He can't have been more than 5 years old. And he was the spitting image of my father at that age. Apart from very small differences. Khan's hair weren't as curly and he was more muscular. But apart from that? If I had put a young version of my father beside him, you could have believed them to be identical twins, because even such twins can be a bit different. And he was already a born leader then. I could see that through his interactions with the other children. He wasn't the eldest, but as they discovered me, they had all looked at Khan and had expected him to react. He came over to the fence and told me that I would have to leave....or they would get punished...and maybe I would too. I told him that I worked for Baskerville...a facility similar to this one....and that it was very unlikely that I would get punished.
But what did it matter now? Sherlock was dying. He kept on claiming that he hadn't had time to take any poison or substance while he was at Baker Street, but his 'values' of his liver, his kidneys and a lot of the other bodily values were just so wrong and out-balanced, that John feared that Sherlock lied and had taken something, as John had had a suspicion about in the beginning...or even worse. That Culverton-Smith somehow had made a chemical timer-bomb inside Sherlock.
Mycroft rose to his feet: “I made a promise...and for a short while I thought, I would regret it. But as always you have turned out to be a real considerate friend. But this “gift” is not for you, but for me....so you can still ask me anything... I really must be leaving. I have a world to rule!”
Because, as things were, it was the only way to save him. Listen John: With certain drugs involved, it could be scopolamine or other with similar effect, Culverton could make me believe that I dreamt or hallucinated whilst being in my flat, and then in reality I would be out in the real world...re-acting...interacting.... doing things.”
Then John opened the door to the landing and there was Mrs. Hudson standing with a tray with two cooking pots on it.
And the Baskerville's family-tree is totally made up by me. There are going to be a few surprises in that.
Mary shook her head, “No...she isn't fairer than some of her cousins. So no....And I told her aunts never to tell her. But that was wrong. She needs her mother and I've missed her so.“
And finally John felt that Sherlock was ready. John thought for a moment to ask Sherlock if it was allright, but gave up the thought. Sherlock most certainly wanted this and he was ready.
“What are the rules?”, demanded Sherlock to know as they walked through the wall of golden sunlight and into a foreign landscape, that looked a bit like the landscape around their village in Southern England. The golden sunlight was all over the place.
Mycroft looked at Greg with his eyebrow lifted and just a tiny smirk at the corner of his mouth and Greg thought that the scientists at Baskerville must have had 'Vulcan' genes to their disposal (Even if the Vulcans were just a fictional race) when they made those Holmes-brothers, because they could be just as difficult to read as that green Alien 'Spock' in Star Trek.
But Mycroft had just looked at John and had said: “How do you even think that I found Sherlock in time in those dungeons in Serbia? I wouldn’t have been there in time to save him if he hadn’t been “tracked”. It could be seen that he wasn’t moving much and the pattern of his movement was suspicious......If we had not have such a tracker on him we wouldn’t have had time enough to prepare for his rescue...even if I did manage to learn Serbian in about 4 hours. Sherlock is one of my best agents......and he is a real agent, John....and all my agents are tracked!”
Sherlock looked at their intertwined hands......yes his hand was a young man’s hand too. Just like John’s. Sherlock’ brow furrowed in confusion when he looked at John again, “Weren’t you wearing fatigues and a T-shirt just a moment ago?” he asked.
Sherlock's attention was directed at John within a fraction of a second and John could see how Sherlock's pupil's dilated and how his cheeks blushed. Sherlock had often asked for the real pain and John would refuse almost most of the time...and Sherlock had to admit that the other things John did worked nearly just as well. But there was something about the cane and the riding-crop. Even more so because they would leave marks that Sherlock would be able to feel for days...and he liked that.
“Fine, Sherlock. We'll return later in a couple of hours”, said Mary and left. Sherlock was already asleep.
Mycroft sighed and said, “Well. That makes two of us. Two persons that Sherlock loves and whom he has forgiven against all odds. You are not the only one to have done harm to Sherlock. I think that I am even guiltier.”, and then Mycroft paused and looked at John before he continued, “You are aware that if we should decide, that we are unworthy of his love and therefore leave him. That would cause him even more damage?”
John just shook his head and covered his eyes with his hand and almost whispered, “Sherlock. You are such a wonderful person...how can I ever be worthy of your friendship? I.....such an old grumpy, dangerous, alcoholic and broken soldier?”
John lifted his hand as Sherlock was gong to say something, “On the other hand, Sherlock. The dark side inside me is saying,
Sherlock shook his head, “Jim shooting himself on the roof-top. Jim, being the criminal mastermind. Jim killing all those people in London. Jim doing all those insane criminal deeds. He worked together with Mycroft. Jim was a criminal, but he had never the brain to make such intricate machinations. Only one mind could match mine...and that was Mycroft's mind.”
A bit more about Mycroft's and Greg's relationship before the wedding.....and a bit more about the wedding, a surprise and their wedding-night. We'll return to John and Sherlock in chapter 27.
Sherlock dutifully swallowed the two pills and then he laid down again. John pushed Sherlock a bit around so he could reach and after John had dried off the semen on Sherlock's stomach and chest, John began to apply the Arnica-cream on Sherlock's nipples, back, thighs and buttocks.
John pinched his nose between his eyebrows: “Mina wasn’t mine. I know. I got a suspicion when I saw her hair. Mary’s ex-friend David had red hair, I suppose. But I still loved Mina! It wasn’t her fault!”
Sherlock sighed, “I...I never meant to tell you. How it was....being abroad. Travelling the world to bring down what I thought to be Moriarty's criminal organisation....”
“Yeah...we won.”, said John and kissed Sherlock again, because how could he resist those lips? That face?
Mycroft just looked at him and then he said, “Well, conditioning since childhood, it tends to stay rather persistently in the adult as well. And you very seldom allowed yourself to admit love for a person. Not even for women....so why should you allow yourself to do that regarding Sherlock?”
John looked up: “That is exactly my point. You do not have to! You are not some kind of substitute, because I can’t find a suitable woman. All my adult life I’ve searched for someone like you...and I didn’t even know that and I didn’t know that I had found it...and I threw it away when I could have had it, as you returned! That dark side in me wants to control, to dominate a strong, confident being.....like you, Sherlock. It is a bit like controlling a horse...it is stronger and bigger than you...and yet you are in control! You are strong and dangerous....I think even more dangerous than me.....and yet you’ll allow me to control you....totally. What a confidence in me....and I’m afraid that I can’t live up to that!!”
Sherlock frowned, “Why you....?” Then he paused for a few seconds...and then he pointed at the stack of reports, and took a deep breath, “I'll admit that while I was reading this, I wondered why
Sherlock shook his head, “No...not intentionally. Mycroft wanted to give Carl a warning. But the poison was more efficient than expected and Carl drowned. Mycroft did steal the shoes to prevent the police to find out about the poison in the lotion. But no one...except from me of course, thought that Carl's death had an unnatural cause. And fortunately they didn't listen to me. Mycroft kept those shoes as a reminder of being more careful later on.”
Sherlock turned his head so he could look at John and lifted his right hand so he could touch John's face and John buried his head into Sherlock's curls. Suddenly overwhelmed by remorse, self-loathing and huge sadness....that he had done that to Sherlock. Beating and kicking him...and pushing him out of his life.
“I know that I’m the biggest idiot in the world, Mycroft. But I found it difficult to abandon a pregnant woman with a past that could jeopardise her and the baby and the only reason why I stayed by her was that your brother told me that he had forgiven her and that she never had intended to kill him. I now know why he did it......and why he shot Magnussen... and for that I cannot forgive myself. In Berlin he told me to leave him, stay out of his life... and I obeyed......So please tell me: why are you here if it is not about Sherlock?”
And she turned towards John and gave him her hand: “Sorry for underestimating you! My name is Vanessa....and it is quite a disguise you have there in your woollen jumper. I could have taken you for being harmless. But you are not that al all...I see that now!”
John looked lovingly at the sleepy Sherlock, “It took us such a long time to get here. And I’ve been such an idiot. Having a gem like that in my hand, and then just throwing it away.” , he said gently carting his hands through Sherlock’s hair, “I’ve let him down so many times… And he still thinks I’m perfect for him. I don’t deserve him, Mycroft. I’m well aware of that..”
Mycroft paused a bit before he said, with a smirk, “You do like that I'm uncomfortable talking about this, don't you?”
John looked at her. He hadn't quite forgiven her the prank of shooting him with a tranquillizer and Sherlock was still a bit pissed off by that too.
Sherlock shook his head, “I don't know. I'm a man of science, John, but even in science there are mysteries. The famous lab-rat experiment, that somehow indicates that the rats in labs all over the world apparently communicates on a level we do not understand. The only explanation of why the rats in unconnected labs learn those identical labyrinths faster and faster. Or the 'spin' on subatomic particles that gets altered, if you alter one of them and even if the particles are no longer in the same country. There are still so many things, that we do not understand. Especially about our minds. Sometimes you just have to say..”
So over the next days some of Mycroft’s minions emptied John’s and Mary’s flat. Packed the belongings, which they might think that John would keep, in boxes and had them and some furniture stored. John’s clothes were packed in two suitcases and brought to Mycroft’s house and Mina’s belongings given to a children’s home in London. Mycroft had even arranged for the flat to be sold.
Sherlock smiled, “No...in Brighton. In a very low-paid job with no promotion-possibilities. He is married to a very boring woman and have no children and too much debt. Much better than the bottom of Thames.”
Mycroft smiled: “If you want to put it that way...yes. In my eyes Sherlock got so scared of rejection that he chose to be abstinent and as far as I know he had continued being that......”
Hamish did work for the Baskerville Facilities shortly around 2048-2052 and Khan was made in India in 2050. There were facilities all over the world (more about that is explained in 'The Truth?') and Baskerville did cooperate with facilities in Germany and India.
After the piercing Mycroft was looking in the mirror at the ring through his cock and then he turned and smiled at Sherlock, “Thank you. I couldn't have requested a similar service at a piercing-saloon. And...what about you? Do you still have unfilled fantasies? Do you want piercings too?”
“You don't have to read it. And I couldn't find evidence that could prove that Culverton Smith was artificially made too...”
“Well, right....I understood that you wouldn’t mind telling me what happened while you were away.....and I promise you, Sherlock. I’m here to listen....and I’m sorry that I haven’t asked before or not even realised how much I did harm you when you turned up at that restaurant! It was a huge mistake...that I treated you like that....I...” And right there John Watson ran out of courage.
“Yeah, I've read about that HMS Southshire. From the shipyard 'Tollerton'. A new experimental ship, but still with steam-engines, made for warfare in the Arctic Ocean. A totally stupid idea at that time. The steam-engines on board such a ship wouldn't be strong enough to force the ship through the ice..and they had furthermore failed to construct the ship in such a way that it could withstand the pressure from the ice. It was only a year after that, that a competitive company, The Braynard Yard, had succeeded in making a stronger ship, that could actually sail through the ice.” explained Sherlock.
He kissed Sherlock and then he continued, “To see you two fucking each other....it could be rather hot too. As long as I'm sure that you marry me....and that you'll not hide for me if he need your 'help' and that I'll be invited too.”
John opened it...and looked baffled as he found out that it wasn’t the Royal Pardon for Sherlock but actually a....knighthood for “Sir John Hamish Watson”. He lowered the certificate and said: “It is not because I want to be disrespectful Your Majesty. But I would rather trade this...this knighthood....for a Royal pardon for Sherlock!”
And Mycroft could see some of the tension leave Sherlock as he obediently crawled up on the padded cross and positioned himself on it. It fit perfectly to his measurements, but of course it did. It was custom-made to fit him...and Mycroft. That a bit more than half an inch in difference of hight between the two brothers, didn't matter.
John looked at the contents and asked, “Is this something that you'll like to introduce to our everyday sex-life too, Sherlock?”
And as Sherlock rose John could see a very insistent erection in Sherlock’s pyjama trousers as Sherlock said: “I’ve had a semi-hard on since you tended to my wounds....not because of the pain....but because of your hands. Come!”
John blushed as he thought of Sherlock in only a sheet at Buckingham palace so many years ago: “Oh my God.....she knew?”
Then she went to one of the cupboards and returned with a set of nipple-clamps with a heavy chain between them as she said, “It is strange that you and Sherlock never considered to use 'softer' means to achieve pain. This will hurt, but not cause any damage as will the rest of the things I intend to use on you: pain...most certainly...but no real harm. And that is a better way to still your mind, than something that do harm. I can see the appeal in that too, though. The threat and the pain, that last longer. But it is more dangerous and more damaging....and if this works just as well....”
“Sherlock was working as an agent and was under-cover and pretended to be a much younger exchange student from England as he lived by the Hudson’s. One night he defended Mrs. Hudson as her husband did beat her and got beaten instead. Sherlock wasn’t investigating Franck, whom everybody just assumed was a “small fish” in the drug-syndicate that Sherlock was investigating. He decided to revenge his beating by digging up more about Franck Hudson and found so much: murders, ordered killings and so on that Franck ended up in jail and the electric chair. Franck had not been a “small fish” but the top-predator.....the leader of the whole syndicate.....and he would apparently have gotten away with it had he not taken his anger out on Sherlock!”
John frowned, “But to come to rescue by barging in and attacking everything moving, surely there could have been others..”
That had caused them to finish each other off in back alleys and on toilets a few times after having left crime-scenes, because they couldn't wait to get their hands and other body-parts on and in each other.. and frankly John couldn't bother if Mycroft could watch them on his hidden cameras. In fact the very idea of that was rather arousing.
And the only thing John could say as he had visions of Sherlock giving him blow-jobs under the kilt and of him giving Sherlock blow-jobs whilst Sherlock would be wearing it, even though the kilt would be a bit too long for John and a bit too short for Sherlock, was, “Oh God..yes!”
John was shocked: “You mean that.....Victor actually stole Sherlock’s belongings.....and then didn’t care a fuck what happened to him?!”
Had Sherlock no gag-reflex? Oh God...John had had many sex-partners...and some of them rather skilled, but no one had been able to swallow him totally. It took John so much by surprise and aroused him so much, that he had to grip the nearest thing, Sherlock's hair, to warn him that his orgasm was very close. As Sherlock felt the slight pain from John tugging at his hair, he moaned in arousal and the vibration from Sherlock's moan sent John over the edge and he came in thick spurts down Sherlock's throat. And here Sherlock surprised John even more, because he just swallowed the whole load.
Sherlock hurried to get dressed in his clean pyjama bottom and another T-shirt and the beige morning gown. “Elephants”...yes...but did he dare tell John about the depth of his feelings for him? He didn’t want to ruin their friendship....not now when it apparently was back on track again.
Now Sherlock looked puzzled....but not quite....and John could easily read that....Sherlock knew of course about his brother....but he didn’t know that John knew!
Sherlock smiled, “Yes...exactly! And even if we are geniuses, we do not posses such powers in the real world. Maybe this could have been done if you had been green or blue and had been an alien. But honestly Eurus....why? And one thing more: all those inconsistencies and improbabilities: why did you return to the prison? How did you transport me and John to Musgrave Mansion? How many men had you to build the false room around me and how did John get out of that well? For God's sake. You had just told that he was chained to the bottom? Why couldn't I distinguish between a dog and a boy? And honestly...if a boy had gone missing, wouldn't a lot of people have done quite an effort to find him? And I can assure you that Victor Trevor was very much alive, last time I spoke with him. No, Eurus.....as John said: sloppy writing...”
Then John knelt on the floor between Sherlock's legs and took his hands, looked up and said, “Listen to me for a while without interrupting me.....and I'll give you the reason for this.....this picnic.”
Sherlock nodded, “While I was in Tibet the first time, the abbot told me something very important and he told me to remember his saying, as I visited them again while I was...away. He said,
Mycroft admitted that it had taken him some time to figure out, that the way Sherlock had been treated, had been so morally wrong.
John shook his had and muttered to himself, “That's it. I've gone totally bonkers. Seeing things...”
And John used the riding-crop on Sherlock's thighs and upper back. Sherlock's arse was 'decorated' nicely enough and didn't need more. The riding-crop did only leave red marks, as John was careful not to hit too hard. He had plans for other bodily sensations and the 6 welts on Sherlock's arse would throb and hurt for days. And bruise.
“I thought we were over that discussion! But lets us just dissect it into pieces again: you were not supposed to watch me jump” had Sherlock shouted back: “you were supposed to be at Baker Street.....with Mrs. Hudson and when you arrived, I tried to tell you! I used the “present tense” and not “past tense”....”It IS all a magic trick!” I said...... I tried.....but I couldn’t reveal more. The sniper was aiming at you. She had followed you from Baker Street to Bart’s. (Of course bloody Sherlock had known about Mary even before John had been told!). I never intended to make you see me jump and hit the pavement! But you were too bloody stupid to understand what I tried to tell you!”
John nodded, “I don't know about you. But I could use something to drink and eat before we continue. And I need the loo.”
After a cup of tea and some toast, Sherlock and John continued their conversation, again lying on the bed. Holding hands and being close to each other. The talk had stirred up bad memories and they needed too feel each other. Feel that the other one was there...and alive.
Mycroft was secretly removed from that governmental hospital he had been confined to, by Marianne, Mrs. Hudson, Sally, Lestrade, Anderson and John. An operation worthy of an Oscar. Mrs. Hudson distracted the guards with elaborated tales about her grandson and granddaughter, her knitting and her home-made cookies. And she almost forced them to eat some of them out of sheer politeness and the guards were sound asleep after only two of those 'delicious cookies after my grandmothers recipe'. Then the others got Mycroft out and he was brought to the same secret flat, where Sherlock was still being treated. The poisoning had done some damage and his long time of starvation needed qualified treatment too.
Sherlock had accepted that John wanted to keep a few secrets regarding their wedding and was actually thrilled when it turned out where the wedding should be: the Orangery at Kew Gardens.Thanks to Mycroft, no doubt. Who else would have been able to get the place at such short notice, less than 4 months?
Mycroft paused and hugged Greg, “And I spoke the truth to Anne. I would do anything to make you happy. Even accept if you would leave me...”
There was an old toilet in the corner closest to another door. One of those toilets with a high tank and wooden seat. That might have been the reason for putting them in this particular part of the cellar. It didn't seem too well planned out, though. Even if the door down to the cellar was of sturdy oak and the windows too small to be used as an escape route. But there were other doors in the room and with Sherlock's skills in picking locks, they would have access to much more....and even things they could use as weapons.
Sherlock and John were happy in Sussex. Sherlock finally had the place for his bees and made thorough studies and even managed to save the brown bee from the virus that had threatened that species of bee all over Europe. At least in apiculture the name 'Sherlock Holmes' was more known for books about bees and for saving the brown bee, that for being a consultant detective.
of November. Sherlock had really believed John to have hated him and only accepted Sherlock back in his life after Sherlock had saved him from the bonfire. Their conversation in the empty wagon filled with explosives had been...strange and off....and Sherlock now excused for his forcing John's forgiveness out of him.
Sherlock frowned, but understood immediately why Mycroft didn't want to go to a professional. It would be too risky being potential blackmailing material, so he just asked, “Where?”
And then after the case was solved, when they had been running around in London’s streets, alleys, backyards and byways, and finally had caught the criminals, then they would finally make their way home to Baker Street. Sometimes, but more seldomly now, with a brief visit to the emergency department, if it wasn’t something that John could treat at home.
John looked in shock at the angel. He had always believed that no matter how much he had damaged or hurt Sherlock, he knew that he had prevented Sherlock's death. Now he had learned that it had been in vain. And then, out of desperation, John got an idea.
Sherlock moaned even more and then he turned around...out of his role: “Did you just kiss my anus, John?!”
They heard voices talking as they finally did let go of each other and found that 4 people were watching them: 3 men and one woman. One of the men was looking a bit like John: blond and a bit muscular. The other 3 were more like Sherlock: tall and with dark hair, but all 4 good looking.
She smiled again and said, “Well, I better prepare you then, because there is no way that it will fit in you now. But you want it, want to feel how it fills you up......”
Sherlock smiled back, “And here I was afraid that I might loose you as a friend after finally having you back again, if I confessed what I felt about you!”
John paused a few seconds before he continued, “I want you naked and kneeling beside the bed.....and I'll give you a choice. Choose the cane or the riding-crop!”
Sherlock turned his head and looked at John and just said, “I promise! But no need for that. I trust you!”
They soon found a rhythm and as Sherlock demanded, “Harder...harder and faster. I am not made of glass!” John was more than happy to obey. When the orgasm did build in both men, John's deep trusts became shallower and shallower and Sherlock had put his feet down on the mattress to be able to move better. Sherlock grappled at John's hips and moved John...until the wave finally broke and both men came almost simultaneously with deep moans.
And John looked as his lovers gorgeous face and asked, “I did manage to overwrite the bad experiences?”
But he soon stopped as John in one swift moment turned Sherlock around so he was lying on his stomach, held down by John's smaller frame. And even if John had just had an orgasm minutes before, his cock still showed some interest in the next things that John did.
John nodded again and said, “And then finally you tried to...not not 'cure' her, because it couldn't be done, but...”
Mycroft smiled, “You were listening after all. No...not in Bulgaria. Here in England. You, John, are going to attend the 'The Afghani Veteran meeting, founded in 2000' in Birmingham and Greg is going to the 'Yearly assembly of retired London police-officers'.”
Now Mycroft blushed a bit and said, “Here comes the part that you might get mad at me for. No..I haven't adopted them, but I'd like to and they are already here in England....”
She guided him to the couch and guided him down, so he was lying on his back. It would hurt, lying on his back, but she had to get that cage of. It had been a mistake to use that. Mycroft must have set his mind to be obedient and he would have been that without the cage anyway.
He reached out for Mycroft’s face and forced Mycroft to look at him, “I thought you found me repulsive. My paleness, my too prominent cheekbones, my a bit too feminine mouth. My odd eyes and my much too thin body. I was a lollipop then… All head and a beanpole body!”
When Sherlock finally had put the evidence together and found out that the cases were connected and a serial-killer and rapist was on the loose, yet another teenager had disappeared. Sherlock had worked night and day. Only slept when it couldn't be avoided, out of sheer exhaustion and he lived on coffee and sugared tee for 7 days......and finally he had a break-through.
When John had heard about Greg's death only two months after Mycroft's...and only a few days after they had visited him, he had looked at Sherlock and Sherlock had shaken his head and answered John's unspoken question, “No, John. It wasn't necessary. I have a suspicion though...Do you remember the 'Thomson case'? That we solved 5 years after we arrived here in Sussex?”
Sherlock smiled. “In this case it is. And the person you thought to be Molly after you all had helped me to get to this flat....”
And finally Sherlock could admit why he had accepted Mary in John's life. He had genuinely believed, that she was what John wanted and needed, and now, sitting in that private clinic, Sherlock told how difficult it had been to 'give' John away. To accept that that tiny piece of hope that had brought Sherlock through all his ordeals those more than two years away from England, had to be put away at the wedding. Even more so because Sherlock had seen John together with Sholto and had to acknowledge that it wasn't because Sherlock was a man, that John didn't want him, but because Sherlock was...well 'Sherlock' and didn't deserve John. And he told John a bit more of his thoughts, his playing out scenarios in his mind, figuring out how Mary could be forgiven, because John needed her. Shooting Magnussen to keep John, Mary and the up-coming baby safe. How Sherlock had imagined 'Rosie' to look and behave and his relationship with John and Mary and the baby as well.
“Nothing, Love....I’m just amazed that your brothers presence didn’t bother me at all.....and then I wondered what his wife is going to say to all that.”
That evening Mycroft took a shower and an enema, before he looked at his purchases. He thought for a moment about the suggestion both Lady Elisabeth and Leuris had brought up: that he should have his nipples pierced, and maybe even having a 'Prince Albert' done. Leuris had shown pictures and videos of people with those piercings and what they could use them for, if they were chasing the bliss from sensations bordering on pain. Just a thing if Mycroft wanted to distract his mind. The problem was that the healing-time could be problematic and Mycroft knew that he wouldn't have much private time the next couple of months.
That voice and those words immediately made a certain part of John’s body very interested. He slipped into captain-mode and silently wondered how Sherlock managed to turn him so much on just by using words… And that incredibly sexy voice!
And then Sherlock felt it....the fluid oozing out of his cock and the strange tingling in his body and it did build...the buzzing....and the strange feeling. As if he was floating and almost moving out of his own body. Sweat began to form all over his body and he panted, “Oh God...please don't stop!”
Sherlock nodded, “Yeah...I know. By your father. But I never wanted to tell you that I knew about your childhood and youth...”
“Did you notice that I stopped on the stairs to the cellar, as Greg and I found you yesterday?”, wanted John to know.
John just said, “Hello...” and nothing more as he came into the living room. And there Sherlock was balancing the bison-skull on one arm trying to put back the headphones. The flat looked a lot better, with newly made walls, even if it was the same pattern of wallpaper. Even the rather spectacular one behind the sofa. John supposed that Sherlock had grown fond of that wallpaper somehow.
“She forced him to submit and...well she had an advanced sex-life with her husband. I think she demanded some...repentance....from my brother. And he is not a coward, so if she thought he could pay for his mistake regarding arresting her and humiliating her, he would accept.”
“Do you need any help?” and then a short pause before Sherrinford continued, “Don’t do anything stupid.” At that moment he sounded so much like his father, that Sherlock got a lump in his throat.
John didn’t say anything as he was very busy pushing his tongue in and out of Sherlock’s anus, alternating with licking long broad strokes along the crack of Sherlock’s arse almost sucking at the opening. John lost track of time, and so did Sherlock. For Sherlock the bedroom ceased to exist, the flat… London… Earth! The only things in the universe were the three points of connection he had with John: his tongue and his firm hands on Sherlock’s buttocks. A small part of Sherlock’s brain tried to tell that there was no pain and that was a shame, but the rest of his brain told that other part to just shut up and enjoy!
century. Maybe the postponing gave the countries time to invent even more horrendous weapons? Is that what we are doing? When I say 'not on my watch'. Making it worse?”
And late at night John would be lying in his bed thinking everything all over again. A lot of almost sleepless nights. Thinking way back.....actually back to where he met Sherlock, and when Sherlock had to jump...and when John met Mary...or rather 'Rosemary', as it had turned out her name was. And John felt there...in the middle of the night, whilst Rosie was sound asleep in her bed, as if he was slowly waking up from a dream. A nightmare. And he didn't like that. Because what that 'waking-up' meant was that he could see himself from the outside point of view. How he had changed...from bad to worse. No wonder that Sherlock didn't want to see him any-more. John had brought Sherlock nothing but pain, suffering and loss. No...not the first month they had been together. Not then. John knew that he probably had saved Sherlock from taking that pill from that cabbie. But since?
“And you had something more? I think it is important to know that we are on the same page in the BDSM-book”, smirked Lady Smallwood.
And then Sherlock frowned and said, "That is why I thought I had seen you before, when we met at Bart's!"
John was the first to wake up after about two hours of sleep. He was just lying there looking at Sherlock and wondering how he had managed to earn the privilege of being that incredible man’s best friend and now lover, and hopefully later, husband. He couldn’t help but kiss the small frown above Sherlock’s nose. The frown he found so endearing. John smiled happily and almost foolishly like a Golden Retriever as Sherlock opened his eyes and looked back at John with a smile.
John shook his head, “But...does it mean that she is still alive? I don't want her to be alive. She is so dangerous!”
And Sherlock didn't mention what he had made besides breakfast. There was no reason to tell John yet. How thoroughly Sherlock had showered and cleaned himself with the enema, he had brought from Baker Street. Sometimes Sherlock's irregular eating-habits and his recent drug-use would disturb his digestion so much, that it could be necessary to use an enema. And now, with the plans Sherlock had for the next couple of hours, it could be very useful. After the bath and the cleaning, Sherlock had used another thing brought from Baker Street. A butt-plug. So he could be ready for John....and surprise him and seduce him at the same time. Because John had gone now several days without so much as a wank, so according to what Sherlock remembered about John when he lived in Baker Street 221B, John must soon be needing a sexual release. This morning John had not had time enough in the shower. Sherlock was sure about that. And John had not had time for himself, where he could have 'relieved himself'. Conclusion: John Watson had gone far too long without sex of any kind.
John moved his mouth away from Sherlock’s arse long enough to say, “Come for me, Sherlock” before continuing to eat Sherlock’s arse out.
John smiled again and looked a bit embarrassed, “Well...I thought you were dying again...and I lost it. Kissed you. Told you how much I loved you. Told you how sorry I was and begged you not to die. I think I promised you the Moon and the Sun and that I would never leave you...and you woke up a bit, confessed that you had always loved me. We kissed and you lost consciousness again...”
And John told that he had been in a relationship where he had been a “dom”, so he wasn’t totally inexperienced....and as those 3 people began to...well “interview” would be the right word....but Sherlock felt it a bit like an “interrogation”, John surprised him yet again. No....he wasn’t a total novice in that area.....and the 3 people had to readjust there view of this seemingly harmless doctor. They too now saw the soldier.....and the sadist... that John was too....his dark side.....his dangerous side.
And then Mycroft said, “As I recall it, I have been, as the expression goes, 'topping' in more than 70 % of the time where we had penetrative sex...”
John hurried to the bedroom and fetched the buttplug....if he had only known that Sherlock used such an item!
Sherlock opened his eyes wide, grappled hard at Mycroft's hand and whimpered, “Oh God.....it hurts so much...I.....
Now Mycroft looked at John and said: “You don’t have to. Mary didn’t think of the consequences when she agreed on Mina being used as a donor...”.....his voice faded.....
“Mycroft thought for a long time, that I didn't remember. And he should have protected me!The way my mind is and the experimental way I store memories, means that certain words can trigger a memory and certain words can delete them as well. Or at least, that was the way the scientists, amongst them Culverton, thought that my mind worked. I can't really explain it. We do not have words for it and I've tried to explain it to others. But my mind is like huge houses in a landscape and....and I can 'live' in one of those 'houses'. Create a rather convincing world in there. With touch, sound, taste and....almost everything...”
Sherlock laughed and turned so he could kiss John, “That pathetic 'caterpillar'-thing sitting on your upper lip? That could hardly deserve the name 'moustache'. No, the other Watson had a nice big Victorian manly moustache, that would look ridiculous on a modern face, so don't get any good ideas. I still prefer my doctors clean-shaven..”
Mycroft smiled back. A smile...but a little sad one, “Yes I have. My armour did melt. And I'm not sure that this hermit-crab can live outside its shell.”
Just a lot of information about the extended family of John's and Sherlock's...and Greg's and Mycroft's. I'm going to need a lot of them later.
Sitting in the train on his way back to London John remembered that he had shivered as he had heard Sherlock talking so calmly and clinically about his torture  and injuries and he remembered his own answer: “Of course you should have returned. You saved more than 500 people when you prevented the Parliament to be blown to pieces.....and we were people who were glad that you returned!!!”
Mycroft turned and faced her, “No...maybe not. But Detective Inspector Gregory Lestrade has been a married man for decades and has no interest whatsoever in me. As a brother to Sherlock and as an allied in keeping my brother safe, yes. But in no way as a partner. He isn't turned that way. And for the two remaining questions or advises: I'll give it a thought, but right now I'm busy. Sherlock is not in a good place, even if he is recovering and I have to find out, what is going on. And I have to make further plans regarding my sister. We will not see each other for a while, Elizabeth.”
Mycroft closed his eyes and continued, “I had sexual encounters at the university... I knew what I liked. That I was into men and women and when I saw you I could only think about how it would be to kiss that beautiful mouth of yours. To reach under your shirt and feel your nipples, feel them peak under my hands, to touch your cock and feel how it would stiffen under my hand...”
Sherlock closed his eyes and said, “I might have deleted the solar-system. But I could never have deleted that I finally kissed you......but apparently I did. So when did we kiss the first time?”
you get rescued, then tell them to treat those bottles with utmost care. Just a drop of that poison on their hands could kill them....even if it took four days with it in the water-supply to kill a house full of people.....” and Sherlock's voice trailed off and he closed his eyes again.
Sherlock paused for a moment before he continued, “Do you remember how Jim mocked us at the swimming pool? How he said that I could cherish the look of surprise on his face, if I shot him right there and then and how I wouldn’t be able to cherish it for very long, as the snipers obviously would kill us immediately after?”
Mycroft stopped and looked at Lady Smallwood before he continued, “And you haven't had the opportunity to attend those clubs for a long time and haven't had the possibility to have your needs in that area fulfilled since your husband died. I know, I owe you....greatly.....and.....and I'm prepared to be at your service. Totally. With only a few conditions....even if I'm not in any position, where I can put up conditions. I am fully aware of that, believe me.”
Mary looked at him, “You might have to get used to that. He doesn't want to live like this, John. And I can't blame him!”
Sherlock looked at Mycroft with a sudden understanding, “...oh...you build it because you thought it should be for you and me... And then everything went wrong with me and Victor and Sebastian. And my last assignment in France.”
And then he went over to Sherlock's bed. Took Sherlock's head gently in his hand and bowed down over Sherlock's head and kissed Sherlock. Sherlock hesitated for a fraction of a second and then he reciprocated the kiss with a strength that surprised John.
“John.....please. Fuck me!”, moaned Sherlock, because finally his mind was concentrated on anything but the case. It was finally filled with 'John'....'John'...because strong John had got him and would take care of him and finally Sherlock's mind began to give in and stopped whirling.
“Something like that. Culverton has only done that to me at a very few occasions, as I always have a break-down afterwards and afterwards the informations in my brain are very difficult to extract.
John returned a bit later and helped Sherlock out of the soaked clothes.....and that was the time where Sherlock realised his mistake.
Mycroft shook his head, “I did let you down a few times. When you were in France on that MI6 job and because of that never finished you education as a chemist.....and when I tried to make a deal with Moriarty. I failed you in Serbia......and I failed to see who Mary really was.......”
More sex ahead in this chapter..And I had to cut the chapter in two. I still need to write the bit in between where this ends and the next piece of text begins. But there is hope. Next weekend is not so busy. And please tell me if there are too many errors. After all...I am not English and this is not my first language.
“Didn't you notice? In the lift? On the way up to Magnussen's office? There was a panel under the buttons. An extra set of buttons was hidden under that. There were two more stories under the level of the parking lot. Deep down in the underground of London. And it was the place were the vaults were hidden. Mycroft's people are still working their way through this disorganized mess. No computers, just piles and piles of information on old-fashioned card indexes. Strange items piled up. But in a matter that made sense to Magnussen. A bit like my Mind Palace...just with real items to make associations from. It is a goldmine of information, if they can figure out his system, and even without that it is still a gold mine. “
John just wondered if Mycroft had had time to change the cameras to a better quality...but a bit more than 4 hours would have been enough.....and in that case, Mycroft was in for a show!
Sherlock closed his eyes and pushed the papers and journal away, further down on the duvet that covered his legs.
And John just remained in charge as he continued to suck and lick and tease Sherlock's cock whilst he was pinning Sherlock down with his strength, lying halfway over Sherlock's body.
“We have never lived together...only in the holidays.....so we are more like cousins...and that is legal.”, had Rosie said. And she was right...of course she was.
“”Living-suite, now! Bend over the sofa!”, ordered John and Sherlock hurried to obey. Now John was on his knees behind Sherlock and crawled under the kilt, and there in the dimness he grappled Sherlock's arse-cheeks and said, “Spread your legs, soldier!”
“Don't!”, said Greg and touched one of the welts with the tip of the cane as a warning. And Mycroft stilled.
An old theory says that gay men can't whistle. Maybe that information is useful, maybe not, in this chapter.
“That very lady. And she found more to me...about those human embryos experiments. It was something you said, John, that made me think.”
John watched him for a few seconds and recognized the signs and then he barked, in full 'Captain-Watson-mode', “Enough! Stop! Go to the bedroom! It is an order!”
.......but John had just looked at him, as Sherlock had told everything he had imagined...and that very vividly....in his own mind. John had just shock his head and said, “You utterly madman. There is no way, even with a real baby on its way, that I could and would in any way have been able to forgive Mary. No way. I am a bit disappointed that you would believe that about me...”
And then John pointed with his finger at Mycroft: “But.Don’t.Think.For.A.Single.Moment.That.I.Didn’t.Figure.It.Out!”
He sat up, because Sherlock had removed the restraints and looked at his pierced nipples again, “I can understand, why people can get addicted to this..”
Then John had told that he ought to find another therapist. “I understand if there is a conflict. I might ask you if Sherlock was allright. And I suppose you cannot answer that.”
And Sherlock looked a bit worried at John. John looked back and saw the uncertainty in Sherlock...something no one else would have noticed. He reached up and took Sherlock’s face between his hands and kissed him gently: “Oh don’t worry love...she is nothing compared to you!”
He woke by a gentle kiss at his forehead and Sherlock’s words, “Here, John...and dinner will be ready in about 10 minutes.”
“You didn't. David praised Sherlock's performance, and why shouldn't he? Sherlock is a great violin-player. You have invited me to so many excellent concerts, with excellent musicians, so I do have something to compare with. And Sherlock is damned good!”, said Greg and kissed Mycroft again and he continued after the kiss, “And on top on all this wedding planning, you had to work on the crisis in North Korea. The one in Brazil. The terror in France, and in Italy. I can see the tension in you. I can hear it in your voice. Allow me to take care of you, Love. Give you what you need.”
And then John paused and he squinted his eyes and smiled his 'dangerous' smile, “Oh...I see. There are of course 'dark angels' as well. They obey another master. You are one of the cursed angels.....not serving God, but the Temptator....the Devil himself.”
John stopped, unable to speak any-more, but Sherlock understood. And now it was his turn to give John a hug. They stood like that a few seconds, because that was all they had before Rosie protested and wanted their attention.
Mycroft at least had the decency to blush a bit and he hurried to explain, “We...I...only make sure that it is just you two.....three when Rosie is home...that are in the flat. After that I can assure you that the cameras and the sound are turned down.”
And he got up on his feet and removed the now stained shirt and kilt and went to the back of the upholstered sofa and laid down over the back-rest. With his legs spread out and not at all caring about smearing the rest of his semen on the fabric of the sofa.
The man smiled back: “They should!.....You are going to Balmoral....and will be back here in London tomorrow!”
John smiled at him, “My brilliant genius. Adrenaline....yes it works. But I think that we have used our ration of miracles for the rest of our lives by now. Rest Sherlock, sleep. But please do not disappear into your head again. Promise?”
John smiled a bit wickedly and pointed at Sherlock's still erect cock, “But you didn't ejaculate and you still have an erection!”
Sherlock nodded, “John, it was a mercy seen through his eyes. Do you remember what he said? “Locking you up with your own worst enemy”. Mycroft genuinely believed that being in prison would be the worst for me.....and I'm afraid, that I'll have to agree. And John, I had nothing to fight for. No reason to fight like hell and hold on to life with the tip of my fingers. And Mycroft wasn't sure that this false Moriarty-threat would be enough to convince...hmm...certain powerful people in the government and even 'higher' in society.. to let me go free, even if they would benefit so much from Magnussen being dead..”
John had smiled, “Yeah....and it wouldn't surprise me at all, if she had arranged for those boys to steal the cars and just had had an extra set of keys made for our car, and then had taken the car as she disappeared after she 'died'.”
And John looked in horror at Sherlock, “Are you telling me that she drugged me with something like that devilish gas from Baskerville?!”
The next months were busy, working together with Mycroft and a whole department of 'Secret Intelligence'. They were all trying to find traces after 'The Twenty' and it was so much more easy now, because they sort of knew where to look. It was of course mostly Sherlock and Mycroft, who looked through the internet and through piles of out-prints, but John had an keen eye and he had found and recorded suspicious chatters between retired officers, as he had attended the meeting for veterans. Greg had listened carefully at his meeting for retired police-officers, but hadn't recorded anything more suspicious than talks about bribery. So John had been put on military sources and was able to find 'wrong patterns' as he called it.
“Well....I think the mistakes were mine. John. Several actually. But I need you to make a promise. That no matter what I tell you.....you will not run away. You’ll stay and listen.....and without interrupting me. After I have told you ....everything...then you can decide whether you’ll stay or leave.....But please....do not leave before that....do not make any rash decisions before you have heard what I’m going to say. Can you promise me that?”
Survive.....well. Only barely when it came to Sherlock. And their chances of getting found in time were diminishing. And his own chance of survival would get slimmer as the time passed. He could get out of the house...and then what? Not knowing where they were and probably not able to drive a car with his injuries, not to mention that he wouldn't leave Sherlock. Not as long as he was still........
Greg positioned himself behind Mycroft as 'the big spoon' and hugged him, after helping him into a pair of silken boxers, to prevent too much of the cream to be smeared on the sheets, “But I only like it because you are enjoying it.” , he said.
He looked at her with a frown, “Sherlock..yes. His mind is more amazing than mine. He could do my job, but I could never do his. He can heighten his senses and notice everything and connect the invisible dots. I can't. I've been a shitty big brother, because I've let my envy shine through and made him believe that he was not worthy of love and care and my admiration. My 'excuse' was that I was damaged too, but not as bad as he was. It took me years to find out what had happened to him and Eurus....and then it was too late. And I've always envied him his body. I have to work hard to look as I do. He
“Get your arms around me. I want to feel you.”, ordered John and began to trust into Sherlock again. Hard, powerful trusts that did hit Sherlock's prostate every time and John enjoyed how Sherlock had been taken apart. Sherlock's face was pink and his neck and chest had the same colour. His hair was a mess and he looked like a fallen angel.
But it took several more 'experiments' before Sherlock could 'bottom' in their bed, instead of in their living room or in their kitchen and Sherlock would prefer to wear at least a bit of clothing.
“You, John...I have always accused you of being such a lousy actor. You were much to honest for that sort of deceit. And now I see that I was totally wrong...about you. About Mycroft...about everyone.” And Sherlock did hide his head in his hands.
Mycroft swallowed and nodded and then he said, “I have...toys so you wouldn't need a cane. It is tissue-damage and....”
Sherlock snuggled closer to John, “Most of all to harm me and a bit to harm you. Or rather to control you. But for all what it is worth, she must have loved you...the way she was capable of. She must genuinely have believed that you were everything, she needed and wanted. She could 'retire' and be 'a doctors wife'. She had made the decision to 'retire' long before the events at the embassy at Tbilisi. She had made a deal with Norbury and didn't mind one second that the ambassador and his wife, the whole staff and the other members of the A.G.R.A.-group would die. Her needs were more important than their lives, in her eyes. She was then later hired by Magnussen and was ironically hired by Mycroft too, to keep an eye on you. She carefully drugged you and planted words in you, that might trigger your anger. Let me give you an example: on the night I returned, she used the word '
He turned towards the young doctor, “Pack your necessities and come with me...to Scotland. We have room for a lot of people. And we have jobs and houses. Not for the whole village, but most certainly for my father's closest friends.”
The angel just looked at John, “And that treatment of 'different people' just shows how far you still are from reaching a higher level...”
He took a deep breath and looked around. Everything had been taken care of. Everything had been cleared and sorted out. The hives had been told that John had died. A new keeper had been found and the hives would be moved to their new place during their winter hiatus. Sherlock had even ‘told’ the bees that he would be gone soon.
He whimpered a bit as he closed his eyes and imagined that another person was doing this to him. He moved his hands away from his body and had now the remote to the massager in one hand and the remote to the rubber-sound in the other and slowly he turned up the effect on both.
“He did die, Mary.....he flat lined twice......in the ambulance and in the operating theatre! It was a bloody miracle that he survived! He had lost too much blood!”
“Oh shut up. He really tried to repent and he was just a child himself, when all that with Eurus began. He was not to blame....but oh God, the grown-ups around you. They were almost as shitty as my parents. About Mycroft, I think that I have stopped wanting to hit him at any given moment by now. Sherlock, Mycroft was just as much a victim as you....or Eurus. Just not as bad...if you can compare suffering. And I know that he painted himself into a corner regarding Magnussen and had to work hard to make damage control afterwards. I know we suffered because of Mycroft's miscalculations, but he was not the dark villain that I first thought him to be.”
And then John realised something. That Sherlock had thought John had been repulsed by the thought that Sherlock was made of the same material as the creature, Frankenstein's creature, whereas John had tip-toed around Sherlock, because he had been afraid of triggering some memories from Sherlock's childhood.
“I’ve even got an old kilt somewhere. I inherited it after said uncle as a child. I think it is in an old suitcase in the attic, here at Baker Street. I never bothered to take it with me as I moved out after you...you know. I had almost forgot it and it is probably been eaten by moths by now. I went to Mycroft to ask if you, being aristocracy, had any connection to the Holmes-Clan of Scotland. And it turned out that you have. Actually on your mother’s side and on your father’s side too.”
John went over to Sherlock's chair and touched him and once again marvelled at how soft and caring and trusting Sherlock could look at him and John couldn't help smiling back.
It was John who started the conversation, “Mycroft… When Sherlock and I started this, we promised each other that we would talk openly about our desires and needs. No more “not acknowledging the elephant in the room”. And it should apply to you too, if you want to be a part of this, is that clear?”
John had looked sternly at Sherlock and had said, “I’m OK with the riding crop and the kilts together. But all that eatable stuff, well it comes no-way near you if I am going to use that crop on you. Is that understood? We do not know the effect on stripes and welts.”
The two men were panting for a while and the “danger” subsided. John bent a bit forward and almost growled in Sherlock’s ear: “I want to fuck you right now....slowly....until you beg me to allow you to come......if you fail...I’ll punish you!”
John had accused Sherlock:  “Talking about cruelty....how do you think it was to feel utterly useless, unable to do something to save your best friend when he jumped from that blasted roof in front of your bloody eyes!” had John almost shouted.
Sherlock laughed with that deep rumble of his and turned towards John, “I’m sorry Doctor, but I think that your definition of “vanilla” is a bit broader than normal. If you would recall our actions - We are both male… You gave me a humiliation enema and I was rimmed while in restraints. I was totally starkers and you had your clothes on!” and now Sherlock was smirking, “But if it’s your version of vanilla, I’m not going to complain. It was really intense and… I… I would like to return the favour.”
“And I’m going to hurt you with my words I’m afraid. For that I’ll ask you to forgive me...because it would be explained later..”
“On one condition, “ murmured Sherlock, already on the brink of sleep again, “...and that is that you are not sleeping in the room upstairs...”
She touched his arm as they came to that part of the house, “This is where it is going to happen. As I received your message, I made sure everything was ready. There is a small room. You will undress and use the gloves and the antiseptic gel and then you will put on the cock-cage. Then you'll enter the other room through the other door and kneel on the mat there with your hands behind your head and wait for your orders.”
“He was… And he refused to talk to me the first time I came home on school holidays. Something was broken… And I didn’t make it better by keeping a distance when we were older because I didn’t want to acknowledge my feelings for him. I still find them rather troublesome… It’s truly remarkable that you can accept that Sherlock and I are having sex... But I have always underestimated you.”
And then he suddenly had an expression of horror on his face, “Oh God. Mycroft is allowed to wear the tartan himself. Please tell me John, that he doesn’t plan on wearing a kilt as well....he hasn’t got the legs for it! It would bring the expression ‘thin hairy legs’ to new heights...or depths.”
Mycroft smiled as he took another sip of his whisky: “No....right now it would be too risky and I admit that the books did give it away. But who would have thought that you would actually find the only three books of hers amongst all the other books?”
Sherlock washed himself very meretriciously and to be sure that he was 'totally clean' he took an enema as well. Just to be sure. Sherlock had tried that before....the enema, because his eating-habits before John had lived in Baker Street and as John hadn't lived there any-more, had often caused it to be necessary from time to time.
“Because he had not engaged himself in a relationship of any kind afterwards.......and he would go for almost several months without...hmm....sexual release....”
“That is why they realised that it was a mistake. You'll be allowed to get...well in your case it is no longer a 'second chance'...it is more a '12
Sherlock went into the bedroom and said over his shoulder to John: “You better move your things down here. I’ll make room for them in my drawers and in my wardrobe. I suppose we are going to sleep in the same bed in the future!”
So Mycroft got up and went down into the living-room to fetch the reports....and when he returned, Sherlock was standing in his bedroom, dressed in his dressing-gown, holding the cane in his hand.
“My memories of that summer are a bit muddled too, John. And remember....at that time I wasn't at home much as I was at boarding school. I have spoken with my parents lately and they confirm that yes, we did have a dog.”
John smiled and kissed Sherlock again and continued, “.....And then you jumped and left. And I didn't feel anything but that the world had turned grey. Then I met Mary and she somehow brought colours into my world again. Nothing like you. Just colours again. Then you returned and everything was so wrong. And then she shot you. And I was so much at the hospital watching over you......”
Mycroft nodded and he had tears in his eyes, “John is....Sherlock is....My brother died to protect me and....”
Sherlock moved again and sat in John’s lap: “I know that you are trained in close combat.....but despite that....I would be able to defeat you 8 out of 10 times!”
“Weird...and nice at the same time. Confusing...but please don't stop. “, said Sherlock and shifted a bit so John's fingers went deeper into Sherlock's body.
John looked at Mycroft, “Squires. I see. So why the bloody hell did Sherlock need a flatmate and I needed to get a job to earn money?”
But back in London John hadn’t dared to contact Sherlock yet and had not written anything to Sherlock.  And even if Mycroft knew now about John’s feelings for Sherlock, John had asked Mycroft to keep silent. John would tell Sherlock himself. And therefore Sherlock didn’t know that John had come to terms with his feelings for Sherlock...almost. And besides...John had decided that he would not give Sherlock false hopes and therefore John would wait until he knew for certain that his plan had worked.
Sherlock shook his head, “No...only some of it. But let me tell you about the facts concerning Carl Powers. The facts that I have now. That I've learned by now.......and after what happened with Eurus, I got the last data. And....”
Well, forward with the plot and the story. Slowly nearing the end of this story. But still 5 chapters more, before the end.
“You are dressed like that too.”, he smiled and Sherlock looked down. He was wearing his clothes from then too. The black bespoke suit, the white shirt, the blue scarf...and his Belstaff.
“No....At Bart’s I could see the net, I was supposed to land in....but it was the voices in my head that told me “give up, Sherlock, take the contents of the next syringe too. Nobody loves you. You are a freak!”...or “give up...stop fighting...there is too much pain”...I’ve had those demons inside too, John. I think we all have....more or less. But we have to face them....take them for what they are....a crazy place in your own brain, that need to be confronted, if we should stay human. Without controlling that, we are beasts....like Magnussen and Moriarty....and so many others. But not you! I wouldn’t hesitate to let you press your loaded gun against my chest! I trust you!”
“It happened the summer I was 8, Mycroft 15 and Eurus 7. Rudy's and Marilyn's son was 17....and somehow even worse than Mycroft. He was very handsome too: dark curly hair, bright eyes, handsome features and already then a body of a Greek God....”
And then Sherlock had stopped talking and Mycroft got a bit of his higher brain-functions back, “John...what about John...you have John. You can't.... I can't....”
“The blessings of modern science. A ring...emitting hormones enough to keep everything fresh and moist. And no risk of breast-cancer.”
John was sitting at the bed in one of Mycroft’s guest-rooms remembering the whole event. It had come back to him in details after his dream the other night. He had noticed the young men then, but it was first much later that Sherlock had put words to what John had seen then....no....”observed”.
After they had showered and applied Arnica-cream on each-other's buttocks and nipples, they dressed in pyjamas and went to bed together in Mycroft's bed. They had thought about sleeping naked, as both Mycroft and Sherlock sometimes did, but gave it a second thought because of the Arnica-cream. And then they were finally able to fall asleep. Curled up together as they hadn't done since Mycroft was 12 and Sherlock 5.
John shook his head. And looked at Sherlock, “Why do I have a feeling that this is going to take a while? And that we maybe should move to a nicer, warmer place with a functioning kitchen and maybe a place where we can sleep, when the tale is finished?”
Sherlock had looked at John and just said, “It is maybe none of my business, but why do I have the feeling that that family has taken more care of Rosie than expected? That she has stayed by them far longer than...normal?”
Mycroft continued, “If Magnussen hadn't been so coy and confident about his abilities to threaten us all with the information he could distribute
Great Britain leaving EU had led to the isolation, that had harmed Great Britain's influence in the world greatly. As time went by, the power-balance tilted more to the East and Western Europe got rather isolated. Including EU and Germany and France. Even more so because the military slowly took over so many of the private companies that provided knowledge. It was only the military that had the resources to launch rockets with satellites up into orbit and thus maintained international connections and communication-means. And only the military had the finances to build the server-facilities used by the internet. It was not only in Europe that things were just like that . It was like that all over the world. And looked upon that development in the political climate, with eyes from year 2020, one could just say that even if the countries still called themselves by the same old names and even if they still had 'democratic elected governments', they were most certainly more correctly labelled 'military dictatorships'. In North America and in South America the situation was the same. In Asia and Indonesia. Even in Great Britain too.
Sherlock shook his head, “I've tried. But in vain. And then I just stopped explaining. As long as I was allowed to do it without interruptions, everybody around me could call it what they wanted. I didn't care!”
Sherlock should remember something important about Mycroft too. But it did slip away all the time. Why was he so weak and tired? What had happened?
And John got a bit startled as Sherlock had moved and he was now kneeling in front of John's chair. And had taken John's free hands into his own bigger ones, “You see, John, that is why our friendship can be what is was before I had to abandon you, before I had to jump. Your view upon me and on yourself. You do understand now that Mary changed that. With drugs and carefully planted words. She made you doubt yourself, doubt your own abilities and skill-set and she made you doubt me. She drugged me too. Made me see things that wasn't there. Her for example. I kept seeing her and she had made those DVD's to make sure that she would get her revenge in the end. I would have killed myself waiting in vain for you to come to my rescue, because I would have believed her insane explanation and suggestion to how to save you, by putting myself in danger. By almost getting myself killed. And you? You would have come to late to rescue me.......and would have been eaten up by a feeling of guilt. She almost managed to ruin both you and me, but we are stronger than that. Aren't we?”
Sherlock paused and then he continued in a totally different tone, “While I was… away… I had to do nasty things to make people talk… To torture them. I had enjoyed being “sadistic” in the club, making people fall apart, making them desperate for release, controlling their orgasms… But to have to actually torture those people from Moriarty’s net… It was terrible. I knew exactly what to do… How to put a bit pressure on this joint, how to break fingers, how to shoot them and still keep them alive… At least long enough to make them talk.”
She just smiled before she answered. She had read 'Ender's Game' too, “I think they both have streaks of both actually. Mycroft has more feelings, than he would ever allow himself to show and Sherlock can be cold and calculating. You knew that. You have seen that side of him, and thought it to be the only one. I think Great Britain would face a much worse destiny, than being ruled by these two men. After all, they were made to be like that. To be rulers.
And now Sherlock had to swallow a lump in his throat and tamp down his arousal, because he knew exactly which blue item, John had borrowed. And 'old' and 'new' wasn't that difficult: 'old' was the sporran and 'new' was the rest of John's outfit. Bespoke...every bit of it. And John was looking so incredible handsome in it. As Sherlock had walked towards his husband to be, he hadn't noticed anybody else. Just John...And oh...did he have plans for their wedding night!
“And that is why you should consider visiting that sex-shop. Like that you can relieve some of the stress, before you get desperate. You know by now, what would work....and that without damage. Just take care, right?”
John smiled back: “It wasn’t that bad.....only sometimes......and very awkward to be there...well after Mary shot you and after she was killed. But maybe you were right. It was a place to bury myself into something I’m good at, not thinking too much. I’ll think about quitting later. OK?”
(I have invented that the words about the Eastwind was originally said, not by ACD's Sherlock Holmes, but by a politician, Neville Chamberlain and predicting WW2)
“I didn’t dare remove the cock-ring” whispered John into Sherlock’s right ear whilst biting gently at the earlobe, “I haven’t worn the pants since the dinner! But I’ve but in a butt-plug!”
Then Sherlock made two phone-calls from his new phone and then he turned towards John, grappled a bunch of paper-tissues and rubbed his face. Then he turned towards John and smiled. The glint was back in his eyes. He looked suddenly one hundred percent more healthy.
Sherlock had chosen the smallest harness for John to wear. It was a series of straps that wrapped around John’s upper body, but had a strap which led down the front of the body, that was kept in place with a cock ring. There was laughter when John had first tried the harness on as the cock ring was far too small, preventing John from getting an erection. The harness was returned to the tailor and the relevant adjustment had been made.
Sherlock looked at Mycroft with an abyss of hurt and sadness in his eyes, “You all seem to think, that I do not have feelings and sometimes even accuse me of that. When it is in fact the opposite: my feelings run deep and that I do not always show them, doesn't indicate that I do not feel them.....Just that I choose not to show the world, how vulnerable I am. So, now you can rant about 'sentiment' and 'love' and 'chemical effect'. All the things you have said to feel superior. Hurray, Mycroft, you have won: Yes...you are the smartest one....and yes you were right. Satisfied?!”
“I know what damage freezing does to living tissue, but who knows what Sir Thomas Baskerville did to that man. And remember, Thomas Baskerville had practised on sheep and smaller animals before. Is wasn't just a procedure taken out of the blue.”
And then Rosie died. John was devastated. He had loved that little girl, even if she wasn't his, and he and Mary did find each other a bit in their grief over Rosie.
Sherlock continued, “I can never be what he needs. Even if he should finally admit that he is bi-sexual and that he secretly dreams of kissing me and shagging me through the mattress.”
Sherlock stopped at the door and looked back at Mycroft and smiled, “I could almost feel that you ogled my arse.”
“Oh dearest. No...gender is irrelevant. It only means something on your lower level. God doesn't have a specific gender, even if you prefer to use 'Him'. And I don't either.....”
He was so lost in his thoughts that he hadn’t noticed that they were at the club and only Sherlock’s tug at his sleeve made John aware of his surroundings again.
Sherlock smiled, “Yes. Irene liked the name....and so did I. It is just you, John, because you did connect it with the events happening at your mothers' uncle's house. It is actually a very nice name. 'William Hamish Adler' is the whole of it. So... there are a bit of me, a bit of you and a bit of Irene in that name.”
And Sherlock could only answer “Yeah” to everyone...John was nearly just as god as Sherlock at identifying wounds and scars.
He closed his eyes again and let the sensations wash over him. He chose one of the silicone 'sleeves', designed for masturbation. All of them were clear and looked most of all like sea-cucumbers. He had been shown how he could use one of them upside down, so the ridges and tiny spikes would affect the head of his cock.
“Obviously...since I had Rosie. And at a time after she was born, I doubted that she was mine after all. So she was tested and Rosie
There wouldn't be time for an enema and John had planned exactly what he would do and he remembered the first time he had introduced the 'tools' to Sherlock:
And finally John could tell what had happened that day in September 6 years ago. It turned out that the young man whose life he had saved had been Prince William! That the Royal family had been looking for John ever since...but major Armitage never got to tell enough about the doctor who had saved young William’s life and the phone call home to England from the helicopter that fell down only minutes after, had only revealed “army doctor”...”I gave him my card”....”saved Prince William life”.....”risking his own”....”didn’t even get his name”...And Prince William could only remember fragments and kept on talking about the “golden soldier-angel that had saved him”.
Mycroft rose and went to a drawer and found pictures as well as 3 sterile piercing-sets. Complete with needles and jewellery.
John didn’t have an almost eidetic memory like Sherlock but he could never the less recall a lot of their conversations and encounters and adventures together and as he was sitting there in that train with nothing better to do, he did contemplate over every single one of them again and again, but now with the knowledge of Sherlock’s love for John. John realized that he had indeed been cruel to Sherlock and he couldn’t even tell him a “I’m sorry” because of that blasted malfunctioning mobile-telephone. Maybe he would even make things worse if he tried to tell Sherlock. He did not intend to leave Mary or Mina and he wasn’t interested in Sherlock that way. He loved the female body!...The softness...the scent of their sex. Their full breasts!.......
John could only shake his head. Sherlock was amazing, he truly was, “So that is why you can forgive Mycroft...and your parents...and me?”
John nodded as Sherlock offered yet a few fingers of that whisky. This time with a few ice cubes to dilute it a bit.
John sighed and put his other hand’s palm against his right eye: “Look...this is not easy for me. My parents were rather religious.....so they sort of threw Harriet out of the house when she told them she was homo-sexual. And it took 2 years of hard work from my side to make them see each other again. I was their hope....their heir.....and I couldn’t tell them.... or even myself..... that there were a couple of boys I wouldn’t mind to kiss! So.....I denied that side of me....and having no difficulties to attract women’s attention...I stayed with that. Only in Afghanistan I found another male officer attractive enough to wonder if....”
And Sherlock could only answer “Yeah” to everyone...John was nearly just as god as Sherlock at identifying wounds and scars.
And then Greg let the cane fall on Mycroft's buttocks with a loud crack. Taking very much care not to break the skin, but with enough force to make welts. That was what Mycroft needed right now: the sharp pain and the knowledge that there would be pain tomorrow too.
“Truth be told, John...I didn't know if the off-switch was a booby trap. And that it wouldn't explode the moment I turned it off. And I still have a feeling that not everything was to be taken at face-value regarding all that explosive material and the plan of blowing the Parliament to the moon.”
And right there Greg got a bit distracted, because having sex with Mycroft was exceptionally good and last night had been extraordinary and Greg felt the first tendril of arousal and looked at Mycroft who had just continued, “....And if you could get your brain back on track again and listen to me? Then the statistic would......Oh God why am I even saying this, because of course I'm not pregnant. Don't look at me like that, Greg. Or I might never get this said and I'm afraid that you are going to be mad at me...”
When Sherlock heard John entering the room he didn’t lift his head but kept it bowed and said, “I’m sorry John, Sir. I insulted you and hurt you with my words. I know you were trying to help me and I was wrong using my safe-word. Maybe you shouldn’t have listened. Just like Victor didn’t!.... Sir!”
John did put on the nitrile-gloves and covered Sherlock's very erect cock with the antiseptic gel and then he began to ease one of the sounds down Sherlock's urethra.
Greg smiled, “And the kidnapping of two secretaries and eyewitnesses explanations of the whereabouts of a certain car did most of the job....”
John shook his head: “But to kill her own child as she found out how much such a tiny creature demands of you. That just shows how cold and calculating she really was. And it is really no surprise that it was that other assassin from the pool. Sherlock told me about it today, Mycroft. That David....he was the father. What a fool I have been!”
They told a story about rumours about a strange man living on the moor. About a village where everybody had been contaminated and died, except from one man and then about the expedition to the North with participation of the 'recently widowed Lord Thomas Baskerville, who had lost his son in the same accident, where Sir Thomas'  wife had died'....
So over the next many weeks...the time it took for Sherlock to at least get so well, that he could manage to move around without the wheelchair and manage to eat on his own, they had time to talk and explain. Not only John and Sherlock, but with Mycroft as a participant too. And Sherlock told about how he had tried to play out different scenarios in his head. The things that his mind had invented and investigated, had been coloured by the things , he had heard whilst being almost unconscious. The old cases, John had read out aloud. The old cold cases, that Greg had brought with him, just to have something to read out loud for Sherlock. The old stories Mrs. Hudson had read for him and that Molly had read too. The things John and Mycroft had talked about. Because during Sherlock's hospitalization, John and Mycroft had become sort of friends, united by their worry for Sherlock's fate. John had learned to appreciate Mycroft's dry humour, so similar to Sherlock's. And Mycroft had learned to appreciate John's intelligence and personality...and they had found, that they both shared a fondness for 'Film Noire' and horror-movies.
John looked at Sherlock: “So in reality I do not need to earn that much money now, doing that bloody boring job anymore when we do not have enough well-paid cases?”
Mycroft smiled and John said, “Oh..yes. And people think it is just in James Bond movies that people have a false poisonous tooth. OK, that explains the 'not-risking-giving-away-secrets'...and I suppose that you had a pill for Sherlock too, if you had gotten caught. To give him an easy way out. But how could you watch it?”
Sherlock wanted Sherrinford to be the one to find him. The other letter was just to tell that Sherlock had taken his own life...voluntarily. In case someone else than Sherrinford would arrive first.
After the wedding and over the next couple of years, things settled down for the two married couples.
“No...because I couldn't be there for him. And it did pain Mycroft that it took him so long to get into a position, where he could outmanoeuvre Magnussen and get me back to England. Mycroft had thought it to be just half a year, maximum. But in reality Magnussen just let Mycroft believe that he had been outmanoeuvred. Magnussen made my brother dance. The only miscalculation Magnussen made...well the three miscalculations to tell the truth, was to underestimate Mary, to underestimate my ability to survive....even if it was a miracle...and to underestimate my willingness to die again, to save you and Mary and Mycroft. That did cost him his life in the end. His 'hubris' was punished...”
A lot of people were of course devastated, but she had managed to smile and say to Sherlock, as the ambulance had taken her to the hospital, “I'm old, Sherlock. If it is time, I'll accept it. And you will have to do that too, Love. If there is 'another side' I'll wait for you, promise!”
And John discovered that Sherlock breath was even and he was sound asleep. John smiled and gave himself time to admire Sherlock's body again. Sherlock didn't look like a man in his forties. His face would give away that he wasn't in his twenties any-more, but not his body. In fact he looked better than John could ever remember. Sherlock had gained more muscles and a bit of body fat and that arse of his! Two beautifully rounded globes that showed that Sherlock's had strong muscles there too. And John knew that to him heaven was to be found between those two globes. No matter what part of his body, he would put in there. Tongue or cock. Both could work taking Sherlock apart and John loved that.
Sherlock smiled and said that he planned to do that too and then they separated and didn't meet until they took the cab back home again. Each of them loaded with a lot of shopping bags.
“Oh God, no. Musgrave, the real building, is totally ruined. A house, partly burned and then left alone, would really crumble into a pile of debris. The Musgrave from the..hmm..events...was not that ruined. For an artistic effect. No I'm talking about the Holmes' Estate. The big house you saw, when you visited my parents. They have chosen to live in 'The Shooter's House' and the Estate is permanently rented by a hotel. But we do still have some rights and the hotel could be a suitable setting for a marriage.”
Sherlock took a deep breath, “This is difficult. It was so traumatic that I deleted it from my mind....so if I cry or have to stop, bare with me.....”
John suddenly understood, “That was the reason for all the clutter at Baker Street! You moved it around in certain patterns....and if they didn't fit, you knew it was false...”
Later people agreed that even if André Rieu had played Sherlock’s piece virtuously, Sherlock’s version had been the best. Every note, every movement of the bow had been a declaration of love for John.
John caught a glimpse of tears in Sherlock’s eyes.....and thought he understood. The only other time Sherlock had tears in his eyes recently was when he rather reluctantly had told John about other nightmares....where John had been killed....blown to pieces in that swimming pool so many years ago, being shot by snipers, being abducted and killed.....each time it had played out in nightmares for Sherlock.
And Sherlock obediently held his hands above his head and closed his eyes...a bit lost in pleasure as John opened Sherlock's white shirt, and let his hands wander over Sherlock's pectorals and caressed his nipples with his thumbs. Sherlock moaned.
John smiled, “The only reason why they didn't manage to harm you more, was that a nurse discovered them and had dialed Mycroft immediately. Mary had seen Magnussen on the parking lot at the hospital and followed him secretly. She shot him right through his head about a week after and tried to flee out of the country afterwards. But I was waiting for her in our flat. The morning after you were shot, I went home to grasp a fresh shirt and a few necessities and.....” John took a deep breath.....”She had been at home to. Had tried to hide her assassin-outfit. Oh god...she must have thought me to be so stupid...because it was so easy to find. Hidden behind the cupboard in the bathroom and under the bathtub, behind the paneling. Including the false pregnancy-belly. Or rather 'bellies' as there were several. So...no 'Rosie'. Mary had never been pregnant.”
Sherlock looked at their intertwined hands......yes his hand was a young man’s hand too. Just like John’s. Sherlock’ brow furrowed in confusion when he looked at John again, “Weren’t you wearing fatigues and a T-shirt just a moment ago?” he asked.
She smiled and began to touch him, “I want you. This you. This strong and yet caring man. The real Mycroft. You are better at this 'hiding your real self' than your brother....and he is rather good at it too. To hide the real 'Sherlock' and 'Mycroft' behind your walls of defence. Him hiding behind his 'sociopath-mask' and you hiding behind your 'Ice-man' demeanour. You are such an amazing man, Mycroft Holmes, and I should have married you the first time I saw you...even if I would have been accused of 'robbing a cradle'. I am painfully aware that I'm 16 years older than you.....but I made the mistake of my life marrying that husband of mine.”
And the last call was to the young doctor Sanderson. To tell him that John had died and Sherlock intended to follow him....and that the house now, with deed and everything, belonged to him. The doctor didn't try to persuade Sherlock from committing suicide, just like the priest and the DI hadn't tried. Actually, they had had that conversation years ago.....and even if it was 'in contradiction to their jobs', so to speak, they could fully understand Sherlock's actions.
She pulled the blanket up over him and left for a few seconds, so she could get out of the outfit and she returned after a very few moments, only dressed in her black silk dressing-gown, with a jar of cream She removed the blanket and began to apply it on Mycroft's welts and carefully on his wounds. It would speed the healing-process and would soothe the pain as well.
The political situation in the world had grown tense and a lot of countries were on the verge of war. Just...it really never came to that big confrontation. Just 'encounters' and small attacks and acts of governmental supported terror directed at goals on the territories of other countries. The relationship between Japan and China was...strained and complicated. Especially after North Korea did collapse in 2030 after their 4
Suddenly Sherlock stopped. He too was panting hard. He rose and reached his hand out for John asking,”Bathroom and then bedroom? And would you wear your collar?”
The boy was rescued. Not unharmed......the doctors would probably not be able to save his foot, which had been tethered to a wall with a much too tight manacle. And he had been raped. But he was alive unlike the rest of the children, who had been found buried in the soil of the garden behind the killer's house. Unfortunately the killer himself had vanished.
John remained inside Sherlock, because both men wanted to ride the after-chock still being closely connected and Sherlock had wrapped his long legs around John, reminding John of an octopus and John wondered for a few seconds about how many legs Sherlock actually had.
His thoughts were wandering and he was almost asleep and he saw Mary’s body in front of him. Even if he didn’t love her anymore, he still liked her....and her body. He started dreaming that he kissed her and caressed her breasts, feeling the nipples harden under his hands. He heard her moan as he buried his nose between her breasts taking her scent in...Licking his way down her stomach....swirling his tongue in her belly-button......licking her almost totally shaved mount of Venus....spreading her legs further and licking the juices from her vagina and finding her clitoris and hear her moan...
He wanted...everything...so he just nodded and she changed to nitril-gloves. And turned the butt-plug down a bit.
Suddenly John got a bit angry again, “And you can get arsed to find just a tiny fraction of a second to make people understand how wrong they are, accusing people of horrific sins if they happen to love a person of the same gender?! People here on Earth get killed, put into jail. They get tortured, flogged and persecuted and put through horrendous 'treatments' to be 'cured'...and then you just tell me that it is irrelevant!?!”
“But age must have caught up with 'Thomas' finally. This article tells about an very old shepherd, who died during a snow-blizzard in 1958.” John pointed at said newspaper-clipping. And then John frowned, and remembered Sherlock's question.“But what has that to do with freezers?” John wanted to know.
John continued with his mouth down over Sherlock's stomach until he reached the waistband of the kilt. He used his hands to push the fabric aside and Sherlock's proud erection was now to be seen between the layers.
Like that several months passed. John had accepted to be a temporary at the clinic as Sarah had begged him. “We do miss your skill-set, John. So much. And you of course. And we'll accept if you can't come and just notify at short notice and even if you have to leave earlier. Just come if convenient. Please?”
Hamish had found the job from his dreams and was deeply involved in genetic research and Rosie was busy in her field....and down in Sussex Sherlock and John just grew a little bit older every day. Sherlock kept his hair but it was a bit shorter than in his youth and with a lot of grey streaks. And John kept his hair on his head as well, but it was all grey now. Sherlock found that John was as beautiful as ever, despite wrinkles and grey hair and John could still lose his breath over Sherlock's beauty. And the villagers just admired their love for each other and they laughed a bit, but fondly, at how those two men were so deeply in love still at their age....that was in their 60s, in their 70s and even in their 80's.
Of course it wasn't that easy. John had so many more questions about what had happened while Sherlock had been travelling around the world in his more than two years away. Because John could see now how much of an arse he had been for not asking, for not wondering, for not seeing the hurt in Sherlock's eyes and the stiffness in Sherlock's movements even if a month had passed after John's attack in the restaurant as Sherlock returned.
Sherlock nodded and sighed, “It is a long story and a pathetic one too. Are you sure you want to hear it?”
“You died in that cellar, Sherlock. And it can't have been a fucking dream, Sherlock, because since when have there been smell and scent and touch in dreams? I could feel the coldnes of your dead body and smell all the blood....”
And he lifted the duvet and showed his foot. Greg looked at it and Rohan was impressed that Greg didn't flinch but just said, “I see what you mean....” and pointed at Leuris and Eshan and said, “With the right prosthetic limbs, you will be managing better than walking on that mess that your right foot is right now.”
She pointed at the two cooking pots, “I've made a soup for Sherlock. He hasn't eaten for days, and he'll have to start slowly, and for you there is a nice lamb-casserole. I can bring you more, if Rosie is going to have her supper up here. Or I'll just keep her downstairs. And you, Mr. John Hamish Watson-Holmes. Off to bed with you too. Cuddle up next to your husband. You haven't slept for a long time either!”
John nodded, “And you survived being in that area. That was some miracle. I think I can recall that more than 50 people were killed and a lot more were wounded...”
